UMLEDirect.com | Best Law Enforcement & Military Duty Gear Online +1-800-504-5813 Contact Us Check Order Status About Us Policies Free Shipping & Free Returns* FREE SHIPPING on Over 250,000 Products Shop now and get Free Value Shipping on most orders over $100 to the
                            contiguous 48 states, DC, and to all U.S. Military APO/FPO/DPO addresses. Enjoy our FREE RETURNS We want to ensure that making a return is as easy and hassle-free as possible! If for any
                            reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, simply return the item within 30 days of
                            receipt, and we'll cover the cost of return shipping. Learn more about our Return Policy . Entire Store ... Duty Gear Accessories Gear Bags Gun Accessories Holsters Pouches Search TIP + Shopping Cart Holsters Duty Holsters Kydex Holsters Concealed Carry Holsters Shoulder Holsters Tactical Holsters Holster Pouches Duty Gear Accessories Duty Belts Tactical Belts Evo Duty Gear Sentinel Duty Gear Tactical Vests Patches Pouches Magazine Pouches Handcuff Cases Radio Pouches Flashlight Pouches Other Pouches Gear Bags Tactical Bags Police Bags Gun Cases Holster Pouches Gun Accessories Gun Slings Swivels Gun Cases Please enable JavaScript in Your Browser JavaScript is not currently enabled in your browser and due to this our site will not work as it should.
        While JavaScript is disabled, you will not be able to add items to your cart or browse all product options.
        Our site is powered by industry leading security standards for your protection. If possible, please enable JavaScript in your browser for the best possible experience.
        If you cannot enable JavaScript or you are having technical difficulties, please contact us — we are always here to help! Please Enable Your Browser's Cookies Functionality Cookies are not currently enabled in your browser, and due to this the functionality of our site will be severely restricted.
    Web browser based cookies allow us to customize our site for you, save items in your cart,
    and provide you with a great experience when shopping Umledirect.
    Your privacy is important to us, and any personal information you supply to us is kept strictly confidential. If you cannot enable cookies in your browser, please contact us — we are always here to help! JavaScript is blocked by AdBlocker or ScriptBlocker We're sorry - it looks like some elements of Umledirect are being disabled by your AdBlocker.
    Unfortunately we are unable to offer our excellent shopping experience without JavaScript.
    Please add " umledirect.com " and " https://udl.0ps.us/assets-f0f1eea5fd4/ " to whitelist,
    or disable AdBlocker for this site (please note that we do NOT feature any annoying ads on this website).
    Thanks! Your Browser is Outdated Unfortunately, we are unable to provide an excellent shopping experience on your browser because it lacks modern functionality needed for us
        to provide a fast, secure, and enjoyable experience. If you cannot upgrade your browser or use an alternative device to visit us,
        please contact us at +1-800-504-5813 and we'll be happy to assist you over the phone! Sign Up For Our Newsletter UMLEDirect.com | Top Tactical Duty Gear for Professionals Welcome to your online source for all the tactical duty gear you need as a law enforcement or military professional. At UMLEDirect.com, you'll find a variety of products for the professionals that protect and serve others. We carry the top brands - whether you are looking for holsters , equipment pouches , or other duty gear . Browse and discover them all for yourself. Our customer service team has the expertise to answer your technical questions and help you find the perfect product. If you are a first time visitor, welcome. If you're making a return visit, welcome back. We are happy to be your destination for all kinds of Law Enforcement and Military duty gear. Top Rated 4 models Uncle Mike's Pro-Pak Vertical Shoulder Holster As Low As $62.39 Save Up to 14% Best Rated 2 models Uncle Mike's Universal Double Speedloader Case As Low As $26.99 Save Up to 15% Best Rated On Sale 2 models Uncle Mike's Tactical 33in Rifle Case As Low As $72.89 Save Up to 17% Best Rated 5 models Uncle Mike's Ankle Holster As Low As $38.57 Save Up to 20% 4 models Uncle Mike's Buttstock Shell Holder As Low As $7.49 Save Up to 56% New Products Uncle Mike's One Point Nylon Sling List: $34.95 $33.99 Uncle Mike's PDA Style Poly OWB Belt Holster $23.79 Customer Service Check Order Status Returns & Exchanges Shipping Policy Coupon help Our policies Request for Quote (RFQ) Contact Us Why Buy From Us Free Shipping on Most Orders Affordable Expedited Shipping Safe & Secure Shopping Save with Our Deals We Value Your Privacy Information About Umledirect Privacy policy International Orders B2B/B2G Sales Our Online Stores Contact Information Toll-Free: +1-800-504-5813 Intl.: +1-847-513-6204 Email: sales@umledirect.com Hours of Operation 9AM-4:00PM CDT Mon-Fri CLOSED: New Year's Day Our Guarantees Mobile Site Accessibility Show Web ID © 2005–2025 Umledirect , a division of OpticsPlanet, Inc. Notice at Collection Privacy Notice Protected by Google reCAPTCHA Google Privacy Policy Google Terms of Service