Free online games at 101XP NEW Infinity Kingdom Play Now Play Now Games News Support 101 Artefact Game center Games News Support 101 Artefact Game center Begin installation Click here to install Download Game Center Follow these simple steps to install the 101XP Game Center Open the downloaded file Click the button indicated by the arrow to open the downloaded file and begin the installation process Begin installation Click "Yes" when prompted for permission to make changes,
then press "Begin installation" in the installer's window Pirates of the Caribbean: Tides of War Strategy Pirates of the Caribbean: Tides of War” is a browser-based strategy game based on the legendary Disney film franchise. Set sail on a treasure hunt with Captain Jack Sparrow, Will Turner, Captain Barbossa, and other renowned characters. Wage battles for untold riches, survive dangerous adventures, and make the pirate's life yours! Play now More Info Dragon Glory MMORPG Dragon Glory is a fantastic browser game with astounding graphics and enthralling story. Try on many of the PvE and PvP modes, assemble an unstoppable squad, call for the strongest of heroes and tame your own dragon. Play now More Info Avatar Life Simulation Avatar Life is a huge virtual world where you can make all your dreams come true. You can develop any talent, start a relationship, do whatever you want with your looks, your home and your lifestyle - all these amazing features are available on your mobile phone. Scan the QR code to navigate to the corresponding mobile platform Scan the QR code to navigate to the corresponding mobile platform All games Browse games 101XP Game Center Enjoy the most comfortable way to play browser and client games on your PC. An easy and unintrusive way to access all of your favorite titles! Download Game Center Requires Windows 7 64-bit or later 101XP Portal EN Merry Christmas! Congratulations! 101XP Portal EN Congratulations! Read more News Community Support About Us Privacy Policy EULA VAT policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Select region (language): English Русский Polski English Turkish English (Europe) © 101XP All Rights Reserved 18+ Thank you for purchasing . To install the game, click on the button the arrow points to, launch the installer and follow the instructions. To install the game, go to your browser downloads, transfer the downloaded installer to your computer, run it and follow the instructions.