Best of Travel, Food, & Lifestyle | USA TODAY 10BEST Search Menu Close Search Readers' Choice Awards Travel Food & Drink Lifestyle Instagram Facebook Twitter / X Previous Lifestyle Achieve effortless vacation style with these 12 resort wear finds Read More Hotels 10 best luxury hotel brands for discerning travelers Read More Travel Plan your escape with this year's top travel stories Read More Food & Drink Bring a little extra luck to your New Year with these foods Read More Lifestyle Achieve effortless vacation style with these 12 resort wear finds Read More Hotels 10 best luxury hotel brands for discerning travelers Read More Travel Plan your escape with this year's top travel stories Read More Food & Drink Bring a little extra luck to your New Year with these foods Read More Lifestyle Achieve effortless vacation style with these 12 resort wear finds Read More Next Readers' Choice Awards Travel Food & Drink Lifestyle Advertisement Making spirits bright Top things to do and places to visit this holiday season. See All Holidays Dec. 10, 2025 WINNERS: Best Zoo Lights Each winter, zoos across the country transform as they get into the holiday spirit. Read More Winter Fun Dec. 10, 2025 WINNERS: Best Ice Skating Rink Throughout the United States, the winter season offers the opportunity for people to slip on ice skates and glide across frozen water at top-notch skating rinks. Read More Holidays Dec. 10, 2025 WINNERS: Best Public Holiday Lights Display For many people, the holiday season isn't complete without at least one night spent going for a stroll or a drive to admire the colorful lights. Read More Holidays Dec. 10, 2025 WINNERS: Best Holiday Market You don’t need a passport to enjoy a traditional Christmas market experience. Read More Awards Best Boutique Cruise Line 00 DAYS : 00 HOURS : 00 MINUTES : 00 SECONDS Vote Now Best Cruise Ship for Entertainment 00 DAYS : 00 HOURS : 00 MINUTES : 00 SECONDS Vote Now Best Cruise Line for Solo Travelers 00 DAYS : 00 HOURS : 00 MINUTES : 00 SECONDS Vote Now Advertisement Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Get the latest stories and award winners dropped right in your inbox. We'll also let you know what's open for voting! Submit New Stories See All Food & Drink Dec. 31, 2025 This is how people in other countries cure hangovers Here are eight of our favorite proven-to-be-effective hangover cures, taken from wisdom around the world. Read More Travel Dec. 30, 2025 These 10 travel trends might shape the way you explore in 2026 Travel trends for 2026 include taking more expeditions, snackpacking, and sports tourism. Here's a look at new adventures ahead. Read More Food & Drink Dec. 29, 2025 Bring a little extra luck to your New Year with these foods Add an extra touch of positive vibes and good mojo to your New Year's Eve tradition with these lucky foods. Read More Travel Dec. 24, 2025 Plan your next escape with this year's most-loved travel stories Discover the most popular travel stories of 2025 from USA TODAY 10BEST, featuring top destinations, adventures, and reader favorites. Read More Food & Drink Dec. 23, 2025 10 stunning ice bars and restaurants worth braving the cold for From ice restaurants to frozen bars, these frosty escapes are the coolest spots to chill this winter. Read More Lifestyle Dec. 22, 2025 Small space? Big workout. Space-saving gear for your home gym These recommended compact treadmills, rowers, weights, and more offer a great workout from the comfort of your own home. Read More Advertisement Best Ski Hotel Explore Top Stories Explore a curated collection of our stories View All View All Travel Food & Drink Lifestyle Travel Dec. 11, 2025 Route 66 hotels and motels that capture the spirit of the open road Top places to stay on Route 66 include historic hotels, classic motels, and motor courts from Illinois to California. Read More Travel Dec. 3, 2025 A New York City local shares top spots for the holidays Christmas in New York City is full of twinkling lights and holiday attractions. Here are the best things to do, according to a local. Read More Food & Drink Dec. 12, 2025 Try these hot chocolate twists, from cool peppermint to bold espresso It's officially hot chocolate season. Upgrade that cozy mug of cocoa with these 10 toppings and add-ins. Read More Food & Drink Dec. 10, 2025 Dig into deliciously healthy holiday recipes for classic sides and more Skip the guilt and dig into healthy holiday recipes, like green bean casserole, latkes, gravy, and pumpkin pie. Read More Lifestyle Dec. 8, 2025 Achieve effortless vacation style with these 12 resort wear finds Plan your resort vacation wardrobe with our top picks for resort wear: chic dresses, sandals, and accessories. Read More Lifestyle Nov. 24, 2025 Find your perfect travel camera for every adventure Capture stunning travel memories with a dedicated camera.  Discover the best digital cameras and find your perfect match for every adventure. Read More Advertisement Cast Your Vote Vote now to help choose the winners of the USA TODAY 10BEST Readers' Choice Awards. Vote Advertisement Discover Discover the Best of Travel and Lifestyle From unforgettable vacations to tips for better living, 10BEST empowers you to live your best life. Readers' Choice Awards 10BEST's flagship awards program highlights the best of the best across a number of travel and lifestyle categories, including destinations, food and drink, attractions, and shopping. See All Our Top New Stories Get invaluable insights and tips to help you make the most of your free time, whether it’s an evening at home or a once-in-a-lifetime vacation. See All Advertisement About 10BEST Careers Sitemap Reprints & Permissions Contact Us Sign up for our newsletter Submit Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Terms and Conditions Ethical Principles Responsible Disclosure © 2025 10BEST, a division of Gannett Satellite Information Network, LLC.