Language: English 
  Typing Test
Top 200 words
  Advanced Test
Top 1000 words
  Custom Typing Test
 Create your own!
  Typing Competition
Who can type faster?
  Text Practice
Practice your own Text
  Top 1000
 Challenge yourself!
Login  |  Register 
Test & Improve your Typing Speed with our
free Typing Games
START TYPING TEST   TYPING COMPETITION  
Typing Test

If you want a quick way to test your typing speed, try out our 1-minute free Typing test (available in over 40 languages). You can quickly see how fast you can type and compare your result with your friends.

One huge benefit: The more you use our typing game, the faster you will be able to type as the typing test uses the top 200 words of each language. If you are able to type the most frequent words faster, you will be able to type everything else faster as well!

Typing Competition

Ready to compete against the big guys? Then check out our typing competitions! Every competition is open for 24 hours, during this time you will have the opportunity to reach the first place. The competitions work in the same way as our Typing Test but instead of having a random list of words everytime you reload the test, the words will stay the same for each competition. If you have a friendly typing competition with just your buddies you should try out the "private competition"-option.

Text Practice Mode

The Typing Test is great if you want to practice the most common words of a language, but what if you want to practice more difficult words, punctuations, special characters or just a paragraph from a book?

In this case check out our Text Practice Mode! You can create your own text to practice or pick from a huge list of user generated practice texts. Just select one text from the top-list and you will be garantied to have a fun and challenging experience. Start now and improve your typing skills even further!

Typing Practice

If you want to steadily improve your typing speed or train some specific typing skills you should check out the typing practice page. Improve your typing speed with practicing the Top 1000 words of each language (while unlocking those sweet, sweet stars), or challenge your typing skills with a user-submitted text. The practice mode is currently under development, more features & modes will be added in the near future.

Mobile Typing App

How fast are your thumbs? Our mobile typing app will let you know! No matter if you use your mobile phone or your tablet (iPad, etc.) the mobile test will surely suit your needs, good luck climbing the highscore list

Impressum  |  Datenschutzerklärung  |  