SD-WAN Solutions | HPE Juniper Networking US Juniper.net is transitioning to HPE.com — One home for all networking innovation. Read More >> Contact us Log in My Account Log out Access Partner Center Edit Account Information Register a New Product Create an Account United States - English Brazil - Português China - 中文 France - Français Germany - Deutsch Israel - English Italy - Italiano Japan - 日本語 Korea - 한국어 Mexico - Español Spain - Español The Netherlands - Nederlands United Kingdom - English Solutions Products Services Partners Support and Documentation Learn All Company Products And Solutions Support Documentation Training Blogs *Search Entry is Required United States - English Brazil - Português China - 中文 France - Français Germany - Deutsch Israel - English Italy - Italiano Japan - 日本語 Korea - 한국어 Mexico - Español Spain - Español The Netherlands - Nederlands United Kingdom - English Take me to HPE.com Solutions Featured solutions AI Campus and branch Data center WAN Security Service provider Cloud operator Industries Welcome to the NOW Way to Wi-Fi Take your networking performance to new heights with a modern, cloud-native, AI-Native architecture. Only Juniper can help you unleash the full potential of Wi-Fi 7 with our AI-Native platform for innovation. Prepare for liftoff AI Data Center Networking Juniper’s AI data center solution is a quick way to deploy high performing AI training and inference networks that are the most flexible to design and easiest to manage with limited IT resources. Find out more Enterprise AI‑Native Routing Juniper's Ai-Native routing solution delivers robust 400GbE and 800GbE capabilities for unmatched performance, reliability, and sustainability at scale. Explore enterprise routing AI for networking AIOps Marvis AI Wired access Wireless access SD-WAN Enterprise routing Secure automated data center Explainable AI Networking for AI AI data center solutions Ops4AI Security Secure AI-Native edge Access Assurance (NAC) Security and threat services Campus and branch AI for IT operations (AIOps) Wireless access Wired access SD-WAN Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) Indoor location services Campus and branch overview Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader Gartner® has named Juniper a Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN Infrastructure. See why AI data center AI data center solutions Apstra Data Center Director Ops for AI IP storage networking 400G and 800G Data center overview Juniper data center validated designs Automated secure data center Apstra Data Center Director Automated data center fabrics Zero Trust data center Zero Trust data center Data center interconnect Data center interconnect Ops4AI Lab Visit our lab in Sunnyvale, CA and see our AI data center solution for yourself. You can try out your own model’s functionality and performance, too. Visit the lab WAN SD-WAN Enterprise routing Data center interconnect WAN overview Enterprise AI‑Native Routing Juniper's Ai-Native routing solution delivers robust 400GbE and 800GbE capabilities for unmatched performance, reliability, and sustainability at scale. Explore enterprise routing Security Secure AI-Native edge Zero Trust data center Security overview WAN Cloud and service provider WAN WAN automation Metro access and aggregation Core Multi-service edge Data center interconnect Converged optical routing architecture (CORA) 400G and 800G Passive optical networking (PON) 5G networking Service provider security Data center Data center networks Telco and edge cloud 400G and 800G Data center interconnect Managed services Managed services Managed SD-WAN Service provider overview Data center Data center networking AI data center Zero Trust data center 400G and 800G IP storage networking WAN Data center interconnect WAN automation Cloud routing 400G and 800G Converged optical routing architecture (CORA) Cloud operator overview Cloud operator validated designs Industries Government (federal, state and local) Education Healthcare Retail Energy and utilities Media and entertainment Financial services Hospitality Manufacturing Shaping Student Experiences: The NOW Way to Build Higher Education Networks Juniper Networks CIO Sharon Mandell and a virtual summit of C-level IT leaders from prestigious institutions discuss ongoing efforts to support digital transformation on campus. Watch now AI-Native Healthcare Networking Sudheer Matta, SVP Product Management at Juniper Networks, Philip Bradley, Digital Health Strategist at HIMSS Analytics, and other healthcare IT leaders discuss the challenges to deliver quality patient care and the role of AI-native networking. Watch on-demand AI-Native Networks for Scalable Retail Success Sanjoy Dey, VP of Product Marketing at Juniper, and global retail leaders share how Juniper is redefining IT infrastructure for the industry’s future. Watch retail summit on-demand Mist AI-Native Networking Platform Juniper Validated Designs (JVD) See all solutions Products Wireless access Wired access SD-WAN / SASE Routing and switching Security Marvis AI Management software Network operating system Blueprint for AI-Native Acceleration Optics Wireless access points Wi-Fi 7 Wi-Fi 6E and Wi-Fi 6 Bluetooth LE On-prem Edge Services Wireless Assurance (Wi-Fi) Marvis AI Asset Visibility (Indoor Location) User Engagement (Indoor Location) Premium Analytics Access Assurance (NAC) Switches EX enterprise Services Wired Assurance Marvis AI Premium Analytics Access Assurance (NAC) SD-WAN Session Smart Routers Next-generation firewalls Edge security Secure Services Edge (SSE) Secure Connect Services WAN Assurance Security Assurance Marvis AI Premium Analytics Routers ACX access and aggregation MX multi-service PTX packet transport Switches EX enterprise QFX data center Operations Data center automation Apstra Data Center Director Data Center Assurance WAN automation Edge Routing Assurance Routing Director Paragon Active Assurance Paragon Planner Paragon Insights Paragon Pathfinder Juniper ACX7020 Cloud Metro Access Router Legacy networks simply cannot meet the demands of today’s rapidly evolving metro landscape. Unlock a new generation of highly scalable architectures and automated operations with the Juniper ACX7020. Learn more Next-gen AI-Native EX4000 line of switches Lack of AI innovation from your current networking vendor slowing you down? Embrace Juniper’s cloud-native, AI-Native access switches that support every level and layer, across nearly every deployment. Discover how Firewalls SRX next-generation firewalls Edge security Secure Services Edge (SSE) Secure Connect Network access control (NAC) Access Assurance Security management and services Security Director Security Assurance Advanced Threat Protection SecIntel (ATP) See all security products See security validated designs Marvis AI Cloud subscription services Marvis AI Marvis AI Assistant for Data Center Learn more Explainable AI The Q&AI Podcast Delivering practical solutions and enriching discussions, this podcast series is a vital resource for those seeking an in-depth exploration of AI's transformative potential. Catch the latest episode Campus and branch Wireless Assurance (Wi-Fi) Wired Assurance WAN Assurance Access Assurance (NAC) Premium Analytics Asset Visibility (Indoor Location) User Engagement (Indoor Location) Marvis AI Data center Apstra Data Center Director Data Center Assurance Marvis AI Assistant for Data Center WAN Routing Assurance Routing Director Paragon Active Assurance Paragon Planner Paragon Insights Paragon Pathfinder Marvis AI Security Security Director Security Assurance Network operating system Junos OS Junos OS Evolved Learn Free training Training and certification Try AI on us Free AP WAN 2x Security buy 1 get 2 Buy Enterprise Agreements Networking as a Service (NaaS) Cloud marketplace Deploy and optimize Juniper Validated Designs (JVD) Support Insights AI Care Services Blueprint for AI-Native Acceleration Optics Coherent optics Qualified optics Application-specific pluggables Optical and electrical cables Mist AI-Native Networking Platform Trials and demos All products A-Z Services Services Services overview Campus and branch Data center WAN Security Support services Tools and resources Juniper Support Insights (JSI) Training and certification Juniper AI Care Services Revolutionize Your Service Experience Our industry-first AI-Native services couple AIOps with our deep expertise across the full network life cycle. You can move from reactive response to proactive insight and action. Explore AI Care Services Juniper AI Data Center Deployment Services Optimize Your AI Model Runs We use our expertise and validated designs to help design, deploy, validate and tune networks, including GPUs and storage, to get the most from your AI infrastructure operation. Learn about AI Data Center Deployment Services Guidelines and policies Partners Partners Our partners Find a partner Find a distributor Find a services partner Public cloud partnerships Strategic alliances Technology alliances Become a partner Partner program overview Partner application Enrolled partner Partner log in Learning Academy Juniper Champions Support and Documentation Support and Documentation Documentation Product documentation Mist documentation Quick starts Product and feature data (Pathfinder) Knowledge Base Search for a Problem Report Downloads EX Series SRX Series MX Series QFX Series ACX Series See all software downloads Tools and resources Juniper support Elevate community Juniper Threat Labs Security intelligence Product license keys Serial number entitlement search Report a vulnerability Contact Support Juniper Support Portal Log in The Juniper Support Portal (JSP) mobile app is now available! Get Juniper support anytime, anywhere with the JSP mobile application, now available for Android and iOS! Download now End of Life (EoL) Learn About Juniper Training Events The Feed Resources Technology learning topics Thought leadership and insights Company About us Company profile Leadership Newsroom Awards and recognition Our sustainable future Corporate social responsibility Juniper innovations Executive Briefing Program Trust Center Careers Current job openings Media and analyst relations Global media contacts Industry analyst and influencer relations Investor relations Trust Center The trust center is the source of truth for our customers, partners, and the industry. Visit the trust center Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader Gartner® has named Juniper a Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN Infrastructure. See why Training Training overview Schedule of live classes On-demand courses Free training All courses Payment options Learning Portal Certification Juniper certification Certification tracks Certification resources Exam registration Recertification Manage my certifications Juniper certification and training news See the latest All global events See the latest AI-Native NOW event series Explore events AI-Native NOW: The New Era Join us Videos The Feed Browse by topic Video series Leadership voices Podcasts Channel chats Be bold The Q&AI Customers Customer success stories Getting started Create a Juniper account Activate licenses Customer advocacy program Documentation Product documentation Mist documentation Quick starts Juniper Validated Designs (JVD) Product and feature data (Pathfinder) Knowledge Base Search for a Problem Report Popular resources Software downloads Blogs Elevate community Juniper Threat Labs AI What is AI-Native Networking? What is AI for networking? What is AIOps? What is AI data center networking? What is explainable AI (XAI)? Data center What is AI data center networking? What is a data center network? What is data center fabric? What is intent-based networking? What is 400G? Network routing and switching What is a router? What is a network switch? What is AI-native routing? SD-WAN / SASE What is SD-WAN? SD-WAN explained What is SASE? Security What is advanced threat prevention? What is IDS and IPS? Wireless What is an access point in networking? Wi-Fi explained What is Wi-Fi 7? What is Wi-Fi 6E? What is Wi-Fi 6? See all learning topics Executive insights Dive deep with leading experts and thought leaders on all the topics that matter most to your business, from AI to network security to driving rapid, relevant transformation for your business. Learn more Leadership voices Juniper Networks’ leaders operate on the front lines of creating the network of the future. Take a look around to see what’s on their minds. Watch now Bob Friday Talks Join Bob as he ventures into all the knowns -- and -- unknowns -- of AI. Catch the latest episode Solutions Products Services Partners Support and Documentation Learn Back Solutions Featured solutions AI Campus and branch Data center WAN Security Service provider Cloud operator Industries Welcome to the NOW Way to Wi-Fi Take your networking performance to new heights with a modern, cloud-native, AI-Native architecture. Only Juniper can help you unleash the full potential of Wi-Fi 7 with our AI-Native platform for innovation. Prepare for liftoff AI Data Center Networking Juniper’s AI data center solution is a quick way to deploy high performing AI training and inference networks that are the most flexible to design and easiest to manage with limited IT resources. Find out more Enterprise AI‑Native Routing Juniper's Ai-Native routing solution delivers robust 400GbE and 800GbE capabilities for unmatched performance, reliability, and sustainability at scale. Explore enterprise routing AI for networking AIOps Marvis AI Wired access Wireless access SD-WAN Enterprise routing Secure automated data center Explainable AI Networking for AI AI data center solutions Ops4AI Security Secure AI-Native edge Access Assurance (NAC) Security and threat services Campus and branch AI for IT operations (AIOps) Wireless access Wired access SD-WAN Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) Indoor location services Campus and branch overview Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader Gartner® has named Juniper a Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN Infrastructure. See why AI data center AI data center solutions Apstra Data Center Director Ops for AI IP storage networking 400G and 800G Data center overview Juniper data center validated designs Automated secure data center Apstra Data Center Director Automated data center fabrics Zero Trust data center Zero Trust data center Data center interconnect Data center interconnect Ops4AI Lab Visit our lab in Sunnyvale, CA and see our AI data center solution for yourself. You can try out your own model’s functionality and performance, too. Visit the lab WAN SD-WAN Enterprise routing Data center interconnect WAN overview Enterprise AI‑Native Routing Juniper's Ai-Native routing solution delivers robust 400GbE and 800GbE capabilities for unmatched performance, reliability, and sustainability at scale. Explore enterprise routing Security Secure AI-Native edge Zero Trust data center Security overview WAN Cloud and service provider WAN WAN automation Metro access and aggregation Core Multi-service edge Data center interconnect Converged optical routing architecture (CORA) 400G and 800G Passive optical networking (PON) 5G networking Service provider security Data center Data center networks Telco and edge cloud 400G and 800G Data center interconnect Managed services Managed services Managed SD-WAN Service provider overview Data center Data center networking AI data center Zero Trust data center 400G and 800G IP storage networking WAN Data center interconnect WAN automation Cloud routing 400G and 800G Converged optical routing architecture (CORA) Cloud operator overview Cloud operator validated designs Industries Government (federal, state and local) Education Healthcare Retail Energy and utilities Media and entertainment Financial services Hospitality Manufacturing Shaping Student Experiences: The NOW Way to Build Higher Education Networks Juniper Networks CIO Sharon Mandell and a virtual summit of C-level IT leaders from prestigious institutions discuss ongoing efforts to support digital transformation on campus. Watch now AI-Native Healthcare Networking Sudheer Matta, SVP Product Management at Juniper Networks, Philip Bradley, Digital Health Strategist at HIMSS Analytics, and other healthcare IT leaders discuss the challenges to deliver quality patient care and the role of AI-native networking. Watch on-demand AI-Native Networks for Scalable Retail Success Sanjoy Dey, VP of Product Marketing at Juniper, and global retail leaders share how Juniper is redefining IT infrastructure for the industry’s future. Watch retail summit on-demand Mist AI-Native Networking Platform Juniper Validated Designs (JVD) See all solutions Back Products Wireless access Wired access SD-WAN / SASE Routing and switching Security Marvis AI Management software Network operating system Blueprint for AI-Native Acceleration Optics Wireless access points Wi-Fi 7 Wi-Fi 6E and Wi-Fi 6 Bluetooth LE On-prem Edge Services Wireless Assurance (Wi-Fi) Marvis AI Asset Visibility (Indoor Location) User Engagement (Indoor Location) Premium Analytics Access Assurance (NAC) Switches EX enterprise Services Wired Assurance Marvis AI Premium Analytics Access Assurance (NAC) SD-WAN Session Smart Routers Next-generation firewalls Edge security Secure Services Edge (SSE) Secure Connect Services WAN Assurance Security Assurance Marvis AI Premium Analytics Routers ACX access and aggregation MX multi-service PTX packet transport Switches EX enterprise QFX data center Operations Data center automation Apstra Data Center Director Data Center Assurance WAN automation Edge Routing Assurance Routing Director Paragon Active Assurance Paragon Planner Paragon Insights Paragon Pathfinder Juniper ACX7020 Cloud Metro Access Router Legacy networks simply cannot meet the demands of today’s rapidly evolving metro landscape. Unlock a new generation of highly scalable architectures and automated operations with the Juniper ACX7020. Learn more Next-gen AI-Native EX4000 line of switches Lack of AI innovation from your current networking vendor slowing you down? Embrace Juniper’s cloud-native, AI-Native access switches that support every level and layer, across nearly every deployment. Discover how Firewalls SRX next-generation firewalls Edge security Secure Services Edge (SSE) Secure Connect Network access control (NAC) Access Assurance Security management and services Security Director Security Assurance Advanced Threat Protection SecIntel (ATP) See all security products See security validated designs Marvis AI Cloud subscription services Marvis AI Marvis AI Assistant for Data Center Learn more Explainable AI The Q&AI Podcast Delivering practical solutions and enriching discussions, this podcast series is a vital resource for those seeking an in-depth exploration of AI's transformative potential. Catch the latest episode Campus and branch Wireless Assurance (Wi-Fi) Wired Assurance WAN Assurance Access Assurance (NAC) Premium Analytics Asset Visibility (Indoor Location) User Engagement (Indoor Location) Marvis AI Data center Apstra Data Center Director Data Center Assurance Marvis AI Assistant for Data Center WAN Routing Assurance Routing Director Paragon Active Assurance Paragon Planner Paragon Insights Paragon Pathfinder Marvis AI Security Security Director Security Assurance Network operating system Junos OS Junos OS Evolved Learn Free training Training and certification Try AI on us Free AP WAN 2x Security buy 1 get 2 Buy Enterprise Agreements Networking as a Service (NaaS) Cloud marketplace Deploy and optimize Juniper Validated Designs (JVD) Support Insights AI Care Services Blueprint for AI-Native Acceleration Optics Coherent optics Qualified optics Application-specific pluggables Optical and electrical cables Mist AI-Native Networking Platform Trials and demos All products A-Z Back Services Services Services overview Campus and branch Data center WAN Security Support services Tools and resources Juniper Support Insights (JSI) Training and certification Juniper AI Care Services Revolutionize Your Service Experience Our industry-first AI-Native services couple AIOps with our deep expertise across the full network life cycle. You can move from reactive response to proactive insight and action. Explore AI Care Services Juniper AI Data Center Deployment Services Optimize Your AI Model Runs We use our expertise and validated designs to help design, deploy, validate and tune networks, including GPUs and storage, to get the most from your AI infrastructure operation. Learn about AI Data Center Deployment Services Guidelines and policies Back Partners Partners Our partners Find a partner Find a distributor Find a services partner Public cloud partnerships Strategic alliances Technology alliances Become a partner Partner program overview Partner application Enrolled partner Partner log in Learning Academy Juniper Champions Back Support and Documentation Support and Documentation Documentation Product documentation Mist documentation Quick starts Product and feature data (Pathfinder) Knowledge Base Search for a Problem Report Downloads EX Series SRX Series MX Series QFX Series ACX Series See all software downloads Tools and resources Juniper support Elevate community Juniper Threat Labs Security intelligence Product license keys Serial number entitlement search Report a vulnerability Contact Support Juniper Support Portal Log in The Juniper Support Portal (JSP) mobile app is now available! Get Juniper support anytime, anywhere with the JSP mobile application, now available for Android and iOS! Download now End of Life (EoL) Back Learn About Juniper Training Events The Feed Resources Technology learning topics Thought leadership and insights Company About us Company profile Leadership Newsroom Awards and recognition Our sustainable future Corporate social responsibility Juniper innovations Executive Briefing Program Trust Center Careers Current job openings Media and analyst relations Global media contacts Industry analyst and influencer relations Investor relations Trust Center The trust center is the source of truth for our customers, partners, and the industry. Visit the trust center Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader Gartner® has named Juniper a Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN Infrastructure. See why Training Training overview Schedule of live classes On-demand courses Free training All courses Payment options Learning Portal Certification Juniper certification Certification tracks Certification resources Exam registration Recertification Manage my certifications Juniper certification and training news See the latest All global events See the latest AI-Native NOW event series Explore events AI-Native NOW: The New Era Join us Videos The Feed Browse by topic Video series Leadership voices Podcasts Channel chats Be bold The Q&AI Customers Customer success stories Getting started Create a Juniper account Activate licenses Customer advocacy program Documentation Product documentation Mist documentation Quick starts Juniper Validated Designs (JVD) Product and feature data (Pathfinder) Knowledge Base Search for a Problem Report Popular resources Software downloads Blogs Elevate community Juniper Threat Labs AI What is AI-Native Networking? What is AI for networking? What is AIOps? What is AI data center networking? What is explainable AI (XAI)? Data center What is AI data center networking? What is a data center network? What is data center fabric? What is intent-based networking? What is 400G? Network routing and switching What is a router? What is a network switch? What is AI-native routing? SD-WAN / SASE What is SD-WAN? SD-WAN explained What is SASE? Security What is advanced threat prevention? What is IDS and IPS? Wireless What is an access point in networking? Wi-Fi explained What is Wi-Fi 7? What is Wi-Fi 6E? What is Wi-Fi 6? See all learning topics Executive insights Dive deep with leading experts and thought leaders on all the topics that matter most to your business, from AI to network security to driving rapid, relevant transformation for your business. Learn more Leadership voices Juniper Networks’ leaders operate on the front lines of creating the network of the future. Take a look around to see what’s on their minds. Watch now Bob Friday Talks Join Bob as he ventures into all the knowns -- and -- unknowns -- of AI. Catch the latest episode Take me to HPE.com Solutions & Technologies Solutions & Technologies SD-WAN Solutions Share AI-Native SD-WAN The AI-native approach to simple, secure, and agile branch networking Juniper SD-WAN, driven by Marvis AI™ , enables exceptional operator and end user experiences. Powered by Juniper Session Smart™ Routing and Juniper ® WAN Assurance , it streamlines network operations, enhances productivity, and ensures superior network performance—all while protecting your data and applications. Watch the demo CUSTOMER SUCCESS Seagate to Leverage Juniper Networks' AI‑Native Enterprise Solutions Seagate Technology ® has selected Juniper’s full stack AI-native enterprise portfolio to support its evolving business needs. The Juniper solution, driven by Marvis AI and the cloud, offers Seagate proactive automation and unique client-to-cloud insight, as well as optimized performance and cost savings in key areas of their IT infrastructure. Seagate, a world leader in mass-data storage infrastructure solutions, has multiple sites in 18 countries that share a vast amount of data. As a way of decreasing network costs and optimizing the performance of key applications between these locations, Seagate is moving from a traditional MPLS network to Juniper’s AI-native SD-WAN solution. Juniper’s unique tunnel-free SD-WAN architecture can help reduce Seagate’s telco and hosting costs, which is ideal for high bandwidth activities like data transfers. Read the story How Juniper can help Juniper's AI-native SD-WAN , driven by Marvis AI, sets a new standard for secure and resilient connectivity tailored for future-thinking businesses. With its innovative "Branch-in-a-Box" approach, the solution simplifies deployment by tightly integrating SD-WAN, Wi-Fi, switching , and 5G . This tunnel-free architecture, combined with industry-leading AIOps , drastically cuts down troubleshooting time and enhances operational efficiency. The result is a streamlined, scalable, and cost-effective networking infrastructure that empowers businesses to easily manage and secure their digital landscape. Sustainable “Branch in a Box” Experience faster time to market and a significant reduction in operational complexity with our AI-native SD-WAN solution. Accelerated deployments and AI-native automation lower your IT staffing needs and costs while delivering consistent connectivity and rapid site recovery. This powerful combination of simplicity and intelligence allows your network to adapt to any environment, ensuring peak performance and reliability. Cloud native and AI-native Experience optimal application performance and continuous network availability with our AI-native SD-WAN solution. By leveraging proactive problem solving and AI-native automation, the platform minimizes manual intervention, drastically reducing downtime and accelerating issue resolution. The result is improved IT efficiency and a smoother, more reliable digital experience for every end user. Zero Trust and SASE-ready Juniper's AI-native SD-WAN delivers proactive, built-in security with a Zero Trust architecture that secures every session and prevents unauthorized access. Its next-generation firewall (NGFW) leverages AI to preemptively neutralize threats while post-quantum cryptography and government-grade certifications ensure future-proof data protection. This advanced security framework seamlessly integrates with any SASE vendor, reducing the risk of breaches and safeguarding your network from the edge to the cloud. The products Product Session Smart Router Our software-defined router provides a flexible, application-aware network fabric that meets stringent enterprise performance, security, and availability requirements. Its NGFW features enable selective enforcement of attack detection and prevention techniques on network traffic. View details Product Juniper WAN Assurance Juniper ® WAN Assurance simplifies operations, improves visibility into end user experiences, and shortens SD-WAN mean time to repair. View details PRODUCT FAMILY SRX Series Firewalls Protect your network edge, data center, and cloud applications with Juniper’s next-generation physical, virtual , and containerized firewalls. They’re all managed via Juniper Security Director Cloud for a unified management experience and consistent security policy enforcement. View details PRODUCT FAMILY NFX Series Network Services Platform Deploy virtual network functions (VNFs), x86 applications, and WAN connectivity, all on this flexible universal CPE platform that provides secure SD-WAN and service delivery. View details Resource center Training and community Training Community Analyst Reports IDC: Enhancing Network Efficiency and Security: Integrating SD-WAN and AIOps with a Full-Stack Platform (PDF) ESG: Managing SD-WAN With Campus and Branch Networks (PDF) ACG Research: Financial Benefits of the Juniper AIOps Solutions (PDF) ACG Research: Tunnel-Based versus Tunnel-Free SD-WAN Videos Session Smart Routing Improves Retail Voice Reliability (1:34) Dare to Compare Tunnel-Free SD-WAN (0:53) AI-Native SD-WAN for Cloud Networking (1:56) Blogs Why session awareness matters The power of unifying network and security operations with Juniper’s Secure AI-Native Edge eBooks Simplified: AI-Native SD-WAN with Session Smart (4:25) Infographics ACG Research: Optimizing SD-WAN Performance (PDF) The Importance of an Integrated Wi-Fi Solution (PDF) Is Managed SD-WAN Right for You? (PDF) ESG: Your Gateway to Secure Connectivity (PDF) Is your network suffering from badput? (PDF) Solution Briefs Streamlining Branch Network Deployments with Juniper Validated Designs Ensure Performance and Efficiency with AI-Native SD-WAN AI-Native SD-WAN: Building Networks with Security at Their Core (PDF) Best-of-breed SASE from Juniper and Zscaler White Papers Enabling SASE with Juniper AI-Native SD-WAN (PDF) AI-Native SD-WAN Secures Today’s Cloud-Era Networks ( (PDF) Session Intelligence in a Tunnel-Free SD-WAN Additional Resources SD-WAN Comparison Guide Session Smart Routing – Take SD-WAN to the Next Level (PDF) Become an SD-WAN Hero Flyers AI on US for Full Stack customer promotion (PDF) Datasheets Session Smart Router Juniper Mist WAN Assurance Related Solutions Managed SD-WAN Managed services Security AI-native SD-Branch Services for campus and branch Datasheets Session Smart Router Datasheet Juniper Mist WAN Assurance Datasheet AI-native SD-WAN FAQs What is AI-native SD-WAN? Juniper AI-native SD-WAN is a tunnel-free, application-aware, and Zero Trust secure solution for reliable and secure WAN connectivity. What products comprise the Juniper AI-native SD-WAN solution? The Juniper Session Smart Router , Marvis AI , and Juniper WAN Assurance make up the Juniper AI-native SD-WAN solution. What are the benefits of Juniper’s AI-native SD-WAN? Juniper's AI-native SD-WAN delivers a multitude of benefits for modern enterprises. By consolidating essential networking components—secure SD-WAN, Wi-Fi, PoE+, switching, and optional 5G—into a single "Branch-in-a-Box" solution, it drastically reduces operational complexity and streamlines deployments. The solution is driven by Marvis AI, which automates routine tasks, proactively resolves issues before they impact users, and provides deep, actionable insights across the entire network. This approach leads to faster time to value, enhanced IT productivity, and a more reliable user experience. Additionally, the platform is built with a focus on enhanced security, including post-quantum security and seamless integration with Zero Trust and SASE architectures, ensuring that the network is protected from edge to cloud. The compact and energy-efficient design also helps reduce the total cost of ownership and promotes a more sustainable infrastructure. What are the benefits of tunnel-free SD-WAN? Tunnel-free SD-WAN offers many benefits, including: User experience guarantees, along with application performance assurances: By eliminating tunnel-based overhead, tunnel-free SD-WAN improves application performance, reduces latency, and maximizes the use of available bandwidth, enabling improved application performance and costs savings while WAN Assurance further enables better user experiences. Huge scale improvements: This approach also simplifies the network architecture, making it easier to manage and scale, as it removes the operational complexity of managing and orchestrating a mesh of tunnels. Inherent Zero Trust security: Tunnel-free SD-WAN can enhance security by applying a Zero Trust model that encrypts and authenticates each individual session, rather than relying on a complex and potentially less secure tunnel infrastructure. This provides a more secure, streamlined, and high-performing network fabric. How does tunnel-free SD-WAN secure traffic? Tunnel-free SD-WAN secures traffic by applying a Zero Trust security model and per-session encryption instead of relying on a traditional tunnel infrastructure. Deny-by-default and session-awareness Unlike traditional SD-WANs that often operate with an "allow-by-default" approach within a secure tunnel, tunnel-free SD-WAN uses a deny-by-default policy. This means that a session is not trusted or allowed to communicate until it has been explicitly authorized. The system authenticates and verifies each individual session and its intent before permitting any traffic. This security is applied on a hop-by-hop basis, with each router in the fabric validating the session's legitimacy. This process creates a secure fabric that builds trust from the ground up, rather than assuming trust within a large, pre-established tunnel. This granular approach makes it difficult for a threat to move laterally across the network, as unauthorized sessions are dropped immediately. Integrated security functions Tunnel-free SD-WAN weaves security directly into its fabric, rather than relying on a separate security appliance. It combines a service-centric control plane with a session-aware data plane to apply security policies, quality of service (QoS) parameters, and access controls on a per-service or per-network basis. This integrated approach can include features like: Zero Trust security boundaries to compartmentalize different areas of the network Next-generation firewall (NGFW) capabilities Proactive analytics to detect threats in real time This security model is designed to be highly scalable and efficient, as it avoids the operational complexity and bandwidth overhead associated with managing a large number of tunnels. What are the limitations of tunneling protocols like IPsec? Performance overhead: The process of encapsulating and encrypting every packet adds a significant amount of data to each packet, which reduces network efficiency and can increase latency. This is particularly noticeable in high-speed or low-latency environments. (We refer to this wasted overhead as badput .) Configuration complexity: IPsec is not a single protocol but a suite of protocols, making it complex to configure. This can lead to a high potential for error, creating security gaps or network outages. Different vendors may also have slightly different implementations, leading to interoperability issues. Scalability challenges: In large, distributed networks, managing a full mesh of IPsec tunnels can become an immense operational burden. Each new location requires the creation and management of new tunnels, which doesn't scale well and becomes a bottleneck for expansion. Zero Trust limitations: Traditional IPsec tunnels create a broad "trusted" network. Once traffic is inside the tunnel, it often has wide access to other network resources, which can be a security risk. A tunnel provides a sense of security between two points but does little to protect against lateral movement of threats once inside the network. What are the scaling differences between tunneled SD-WANs and session-intelligent, tunnel-free SD-WANs? Tunneled SD-WANs, which typically rely on protocols like IPsec, face significant scaling challenges. To connect a growing number of sites, a full-mesh network requires a massive number of tunnels. The formula for a full mesh is n(n−1)/2 tunnels, where 'n' is the number of sites. As the number of locations increases, the number of tunnels and the associated management overhead grow exponentially. Each tunnel requires careful configuration and maintenance, and misconfigurations can lead to security vulnerabilities or connectivity issues. This complexity creates a bottleneck for expansion and can make troubleshooting a "needle in a haystack" problem. Furthermore, the overhead from encapsulation and encryption in each tunnel reduces bandwidth efficiency, a problem that is compounded as the number of tunnels and traffic volumes increase. Session-intelligent, tunnel-free SD-WANs, in contrast, scale far more gracefully. They do not rely on tunnels and instead use a deny-by-default, service-centric architecture. This means the network fabric is built on a simple, scalable, and secure routing foundation. Rather than managing thousands of tunnels, the system manages sessions that are authorized and encrypted individually. This eliminates the configuration complexity and exponential tunnel growth. As new sites are added, the fabric automatically extends to them without the need for manual tunnel setup. This approach also maximizes bandwidth efficiency by removing the overhead associated with tunneling protocols. The result is a highly scalable, agile, and simpler network that can easily accommodate rapid business expansion and the dynamic demands of a cloud-focused enterprise. What are the main security features in Juniper’s SD-WAN solution? Juniper's SD-WAN solution is designed with security as a core component of the network fabric, not as an afterthought. It moves beyond traditional, perimeter-based security to a more integrated, proactive, and future-ready approach. Here are the main security features: Zero Trust architecture: The solution is built on a deny-by-default model. This means traffic is not trusted until it's explicitly verified and authorized, both at the initial point of access and at every hop across the network. This approach significantly reduces the attack surface and prevents the lateral movement of threats Per-session security and encryption: Instead of relying on a large, "trusted" tunnel, Juniper's SD-WAN secures each individual session. This granular control allows for the application of security policies and encryption on a per-service or per-application basis. This provides more control and makes it harder for a threat to compromise the entire network Integrated firewall and threat prevention: The SD-WAN platform includes built-in security functions, such as a fully-fledged next-generation firewall (NGFW), as well as features for intrusion detection and prevention (IDP). This eliminates the need for a separate security appliance at each branch and centralizes management Secure boot and hardware-assisted security: For security-sensitive environments, the solution features hardware-assisted secure boot , ensuring the integrity of the device and its software from the moment it powers on SASE and Zero Trust integration: The solution is designed to work seamlessly with Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) and Zero Trust architectures. This allows enterprises to combine networking and security into a single, cloud-delivered platform for consistent policy enforcement across the entire network What are the deployment options for Juniper’s AI-native SD-WAN? Juniper’s AI-native SD-WAN is powered by the Session Smart Router, which is software-based and deployable on Juniper SSR Series Routers , white-box customer premises equipment, data center network servers, and the cloud. Session Smart Routers can be managed on premises or in the cloud by the Session Smart Conductor or via the Juniper Mist cloud . Who should use the Juniper AI-native SD-WAN? Small- and medium-sized businesses, enterprises, telecommunications providers, and managed service providers looking to modernize their network and improve network user experiences should all consider Juniper’s AI-native SD-WAN. What are the use cases for Juniper’s AI-native SD-WAN? Juniper’s AI-native SD-WAN supports the following use cases: Simplified branch deployments (Branch-in-a-Box) Operational efficiency and proactive troubleshooting Secure and compliant networking Optimized application and user experience Cloud connectivity and multicloud integration Where can I get help with the Juniper’s AI-native SD-WAN? For information regarding AI-native SD-WAN deployment services, read the AI-native SD-WAN Deployment Services datasheet . For help with the Session Smart Router, view our Session Smart Router documentation , take a training course , or join our SD-WAN Community . The NOW Way to Network Experience unmatched network simplicity, productivity, and reliability. Go there NOW Related Information Routers Partners Climate Change & Sustainability Company About us Careers Corporate responsibility Newsroom Investor relations Contact us Popular resources Events Blogs Community Image library Manage email preferences Sitemap Partner login Privacy Legal DMCA policy Do not sell or share my personal information Feedback Report a vulnerability © 1999 - 2025 Juniper Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. Scroll to top United States - English Brazil - Português China - 中文 France - Français Germany - Deutsch Israel - English Italy - Italiano Japan - 日本語 Korea - 한국어 Mexico - Español Spain - Español The Netherlands - Nederlands United Kingdom - English