12Build | Connecting Expertise Your company General contractor General Contractor Unnecessary waste of time within the tendering process is a thing of the past. Subcontractor Stand out in tender invitations and grow your network. Supplier Own your brand’s impact in the construction process. Our solutions Tender management Supplier management Bid management Quickly create projects Create projects and manage all underlying work items and documents. Create projects Manage documents and work items Create and send requests Link permanent and new parties to work items and send your requests. Find existing and new parties Send offer requests Manage and compare received bids Ensure good communication in your bidding process. Real-time overview of statuses Compare received bids Greater visibility for your projects Easily bring your project to the attention of subcontractors. Give your project a stage with 12Build Publications Manage your personal database Company information and contact details always up-to-date. Manage your trusted partners Search regular and new parties in our Marketplace Proven expertise in Europe's largest Marketplace. Find the best subcontractors Evaluate your collaborations Get valuable information from evaluations. 12Build Evaluator Keep quotation requests clear Receive, manage and respond to all quotation requests. Central overview of requests Create the perfect quotation Create a good quotation quickly with budget rules and stay in control. Respond to requests for quotations Instant visibility into quotation status Attract the attention of general contractors Provide relevant requests with a unique and complete company profile in the 12Build Marketplace. Activate your company profile Boost your visibility Find projects easily View public projects from general contractors. Easily respond to opportunities with 12Build Publications Resources Resources Blogs If you want to enlarge your knowledge, or just looking for inspiration, then check out our blogs. Customer stories Our customers know us best. Read here what they think about 12Build. Whitepapers Knowledge should be shared. You can find our whitepapers here. 12Build Ecosystem Link up with leaders in the construction software. Take a look About us About us Our story Building a transparent construction industry together. Work at 12Build With pride and passion. Come work at 12Build. Contact We are happy to help. Reach out to us. Become a partner Let's collaborate to combine our expertise. Pricing General contractor General Contractor Reach out to know more about pricing for general contractors. Subcontractor Check out our pricing for subcontractors. Login 12Build Evaluator EN Dansk - Danmark DA-DK Deutsch DE Nederlands NL Nederlands - België NL-BE Try 12Build Your company Your company General Contractor Unnecessary waste of time within the tendering process is a thing of the past. Subcontractor Stand out in tender invitations and grow your network. Supplier Own your brand’s impact in the construction process. Our solutions Our solutions Tender management Supplier management Bid management Perhaps you are a Estimator Project developer Architect Software partner Tender management Quickly create projects Create projects and manage all underlying work items and documents. Create projects Manage documents and work items Create and send requests Link permanent and new parties to work items and send your requests. Find existing and new parties Send offer requests Manage and compare received bids Ensure good communication in your bidding process. Real-time overview of statuses Compare received bids Greater visibility for your projects Easily bring your project to the attention of subcontractors. Give your project a stage with 12Build Publications Supplier management Manage your personal database Company information and contact details always up-to-date. Manage your trusted partners Search regular and new parties in our Marketplace Proven expertise in Europe's largest Marketplace. Find the best subcontractors Evaluate your collaborations Get valuable information from evaluations. 12Build Evaluator Bid management Keep quotation requests clear Receive, manage and respond to all quotation requests. Central overview of requests Create the perfect quotation Create a good quotation quickly with budget rules and stay in control. Respond to requests for quotations Instant visibility into quotation status Attract the attention of general contractors Provide relevant requests with a unique and complete company profile in the 12Build Marketplace. Activate your company profile Boost your visibility Find projects easily View public projects from general contractors. Easily respond to opportunities with 12Build Publications Resources Resources Blogs If you want to enlarge your knowledge, or just looking for inspiration, then check out our blogs. Customer stories Our customers know us best. Read here what they think about 12Build. Whitepapers Knowledge should be shared. You can find our whitepapers here. 12Build Ecosystem Link up with leaders in the construction software. Take a look About us About us Our story Building a transparent construction industry together. Work at 12Build With pride and passion. Come work at 12Build. Contact We are happy to help. Reach out to us. Become a partner Let's collaborate to combine our expertise. Pricing Pricing General Contractor Reach out to know more about pricing for general contractors. Subcontractor Check out our pricing for subcontractors. Login Login 12Build Evaluator EN Go back Dansk - Danmark DA-DK Deutsch DE Nederlands NL Nederlands - België NL-BE Try 12Build The platform where construction meets efficiency Optimize your tender and bidding process with 12Build. Our platform allows general contractors and subcontractors to manage quotations, documents, and communication all in one place. Show me Try 12Build Read our customer stories Optimize your tender and bidding process Say goodbye to scattered emails, expired download links, and outdated spreadsheets. With 12Build, you can centralize communication, receive real-time updates, and connect with the right partners for every project. Try it out now Show me around The secret sauce in sourcing We strive to make your workflow stress-free, giving you enough time to enjoy that well-deserved cup of coffee. How? That's simple. The perfect match Connect with the best construction partners based on your needs and expertise. Efficient and clear Never lose a single file ever again and keep your project moving across teams and phases. Trust meets results Enhance trust, foster long-term partnerships, and unlock opportunities in our Marketplace. Driving innovation Harness AI-powered features to streamline procurement and decision-making. Our features for general contractors Struggling with complex workflows, navigating the subcontractor market, and the hassle of comparing quotations from different subcontractors? With 12Build, you can solve these challenges in one go. The benefits for you Everything for subcontractors and suppliers Tired of unclear quotation requests, scattered communication, and the hassle of submitting quotations with limited project details? Our platform helps you streamline your bidding process and collaborate more effectively in one go. Our solutions for you What our customers say about us Trusted by thousands of general contractors and subcontractors across Europe. See how they achieve results with the 12Build platform. “If everyone works with 12Build, it would be a real relief” Simone Danklof Account manager Read the full story “We had no insight into what was being requested and from whom. Now with 12Build, every department can see how we are doing.” Mathieu Koomans van de Dries Procurement & Logistics Manager Read the full story The numbers don’t lie 83.000+ active users And counting! That’s why we're the leading platform where the construction industry comes together. ISO 27001 certificate This certificate is the proof that we meet the highest standards of information security. Up to 60% time savings Select partners faster and communicate better by working together in one platform. 15+ years of experience We’ve been pioneering smarter ways to connect contractors and subcontractors. Join 12Build News & Blogs The European construction industry is always on the move but our specialists keep track of everything for you and share updates and tips in our blog. View the articles General Contractor 2 min How general contractors can avoid planning errors Avoid planning errors and strengthen your construction projects. Find out how! The Future of 12Build: 3 min A Conversation with Our CEO Patrick Aarbodem Digitalization, rising material costs, and a growing demand for sustainability—sound familiar? Questions need answers Want to know more? Our Experts, Customer Success Managers and Support team are here for you! Get in touch Connecting construction partners based on their expertise and more efficient online collaboration. Try 12Build Your company General Contractor Subcontractor Discover more 12Build Ecosystem Product updates Pricing Security Overview Data protection Policy card_link.url.href Find a subcontractor in the construction industry's most widely used marketplace. card_link.url.href Our ISO 27001 certification ensures world-class security. Privacy statement Cookies Disclaimer General conditions Service status © 12Build