WTVG | 13Action News, Local News and Weather Skip to content Contests Community Calendar Mr. Food The Nine Ohio Lottery Club 13 Deals Taking Action: Opioid Addiction Local News Watch Live First Alert Weather I-TEAM We the People: Celebrating 250 Years Links We Mentioned Home Community Calendar Election Results Local News Action News Now Crime I-TEAM On Your Side Watching Your Wallet National Special Reports Politics Business News We the People: Celebrating 250 Years Watch Live First Alert Weather 13 First Alert Radar Closings & Delays Live Action Cams 13abc First Alert Weather App Weather Word of the Week We the People Action News Now - Digital Exclusives Sports Video Sports Stats & Predictions How to Watch Submit Photos and Video Programming Schedule Memorials Watching Your Wallet Holiday Vacations The CW About Us Contact Us Contests Careers Newsletter Programming Schedule Advertise With Us The Nine 13abc Originals 13 Action News Big Story Dine 419 Hittin' The Town Metroparks Meetup Moment of Science Rising Star Spacing Out Why it Matters Truth Test Small Town Spotlight Bright Side This is Home Links We Mentioned Mr. Food NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams Best Of Class Gray DC Bureau Circle Country InvestigateTV PowerNation Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy Special Weather Statement is in effect Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar Bicyclist killed, driver arrested after Wednesday afternoon crash A man was hospitalized Wednesday afternoon after being hit by a car while riding his bike in Toledo. Local News Task force arrests Toledo man wanted in triple shooting that killed 19-year-old woman Local News 13 FIRST ALERT WEATHER: NW Ohio snow emergencies by county National Here’s what is open, and what is closed, on New Year’s Day TOP HEADLINES Local News Fremont man dies in head-on crash on icy Wood County road Updated : 5 hours ago | By WTVG Staff A Fremont man is dead and two other people are hurt after a crash in Wood County on Wednesday. Local News Family looks for new home after tree crashes through trailer Updated : 5 hours ago | By Shaun Hegarty A frightening scene for a Lucas County family. A tree crashed into their home, right over a bedroom for one of their children. Local News Biggest stories of 2025 Updated : 2 hours ago | By WTVG Staff I-TEAM reporter Shaun Hegarty looks back at some of the biggest stories across our region in 2025. Local News Ohio reports first child flu death this flu season, ODH encourages vaccinations Updated : 6 hours ago | By WTVG Staff ODH Director Dr. Bruce Vanderhoff said getting a flu vaccine can prevent serious illness for yourself and your loved ones. Local News Ohio minimum wage set to increase in 2026 Updated : 9 hours ago | By WTVG Staff Minimum wage employees in Ohio will see an increase in pay beginning in 2026, according to the Department of Commerce. Local News Seiche uncovers hidden treasures in Lake Erie Updated : 5 hours ago | By Alexandria Manthey A seiche that hit Lake Erie this week revealed all kinds of buried treasures in Luna Pier. Extended Forecast LATEST VIDEO News (Local News) 12/31: Derek's New Year's Eve Forecast News (Local News) North Toledo family escapes burning home after firefighters spotted flames while driving by News (Local News) Fayette factory closing to impact 250+ employees News (Local News) 12/31/2025 Annie's New Year's Eve Noon Forecast MORE NEWS Local News 65-year-old killed in Wednesday morning crash Updated : 4 hours ago | By WTVG Staff A 65-year-old man was killed Wednesday morning in a crash on County Road 6 near County Road 47 in Seneca Township. Local News Prioritize safety on roadways during NYE Updated : 5 hours ago | By WTVG Staff It is set to be a busy night. Whether you are traveling to catch some of the big games happening or watching the ball drop, you will be sharing the road with plenty of other drivers. Local News Dine in the 419: Sullivan’s Updated : 5 hours ago | By Tony Geftos Step inside this corner restaurant that was constructed after a fire burned down the entire block in 2007. By 2010, Sullivan’s had risen from the ashes thanks to new owner Scott Sullivan. He wanted to create an experience where everyone is welcome, and he nailed it. Local News 13 Action News Big Story: The State of the Economy Updated : 5 hours ago | By WTVG Staff It was the final day of trading on Wall Street for the year, a banner year marked by optimism and uncertainty. Local News Watching Your Wallet: Making Money on TikTok Updated : 5 hours ago | By Sashem Brey Content creators who are active on TikTok count on that app to make money. But, how are they actually doing it and what does it take to join them? Local News North Toledo family escapes burning home after firefighters spotted flames while driving by Updated : 8 hours ago | By WTVG Staff The mom and three kids apparently didn’t even realize there was a fire in the house on N. Ontario St., just before 2 a.m. Local News Fayette factory closing to impact 250+ employees Updated : 10 hours ago | By WTVG Staff A WARN notice has been issued for Eagle Machining, saying most of its 251 employees will be terminated when the factory closes at the end of February. Local News Three people, dog make it out safely from New Year’s Eve morning fire, TFRD says Updated : 10 hours ago | By WTVG Staff Three people and a dog made it out safely from a fire Wednesday morning, according to fire officials at the scene. National Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here’s what to know Updated : 22 hours ago | By The Associated Press and LAURAN NEERGAARD AP Medical Writer The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says after a slow start to flu season in early December, much of the country is now seeing a jump in cases. Local News Man arrested for alleged robbery of mini-bike using Facebook Marketplace Updated : 12 hours ago | By WTVG Staff Efosa Oshodin, 18, is facing three charges of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. On Your Side 13 Action News On Your Side in 2025 Updated : 10 hours ago | By Claire Mitchell When a problem comes up, you want it fixed. But solutions don’t always come fast or easy. That’s where 13 Action News can help. Local News No heat, no help: Toledo’s policy to stay out of code problems inside private property Updated : 14 hours ago | By Lily Lowndes In their journey to try to get their building managers to fix the issue, they found out that the City of Toledo does not enforce or perform heat inspections on private property. MORE NEWS Local News Toledo man accused of leading police on high-speed chase Updated : 7 hours ago | By WTVG Staff A Toledo man was indicted Tuesday for charges in connection to a high-speed chase earlier this month. Local News Marijuana might be back on Ohio ballots in 2026 Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:36 PM EST | By Shaun Hegarty There's a push to overturn some new regulations that the Ohio legislature and governor just put into law. Local News 3 men wanted in Erie County for failing to register as sex offenders Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 9:09 PM EST | By Ashley Pomplas The Erie County Sheriff’s Office said Tuesday one of the three men have been captured, two are still at large. Local News Arson investigation underway after home burns twice in two days Updated : 13 hours ago | By Gerald Harris State fire marshal investigators are seeking information about suspects who set fire to a home on State Route 6 and returned to burn it again the next day. Local News Woman hit by vehicle in Hancock County suffers life-threatening injuries Updated : 10 hours ago | By WTVG Staff The crash happened around 5:30 p.m. on Dec. 30 on SR-12 at TR-218 in Washington Township, located in Hancock County. Local News Who set fire to a Huron County home while 3 people slept inside? Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:41 PM EST | By Avery Williams The Ohio Fire Marshal’s Office says an arsonist is wanted after setting fire to a home on Christmas Eve while three people slept inside. Local News Springfield Local Schools faces potential strike as union negotiations stall Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 1:18 PM EST | By Matt Mergen Contract negotiations between OAPSE and Springfield Local Schools have been ongoing since June. Local News Toledo man accused of sexually assaulting woman, hitting man who confronted him Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:29 PM EST | By WTVG Staff Elijah Muhammad was indicted on a series of charges on Dec. 30, 2025. Local News I-TEAM Case Files: Advocating for missing persons of color Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 1:14 PM EST | By Christina Williams A group of advocates are pushing for more attention for missing minorities and are working to bring changes on the national level. Local News Grand jury indicts man accused of leading police on lengthy chase throughout Toledo Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 3:10 PM EST | By WTVG Staff Toledo Police officers are in pursuit of a U-Haul Wednesday evening. Sources tell 13 Action News that a police vehicle was damaged during the chase. Home Local News First Alert Weather Sports Community Calendar Live Newscasts Closed Captioning/Audio Description Submit Photos and Videos WTVG 4247 Dorr St. Toledo, OH 43607 (419) 531-1313 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Digital Marketing Public Inspection File Closed Captioning/Audio Description EEO Statement FCC Applications compliance@13abc.com - (419) 531-1313 Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2026