Rochester News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Nonprofit leader helping homeless and veterans killed in Greece crash Timothy Miller's fiancée, Rebecca Mearns, was still in disbelief and sorrow Tuesday over his sudden death Saturday. Voters reject $21 million proposal for new firehouse in Irondequoit A $21 million proposal for a new firehouse for the St. Paul Boulevard Fire District was voted against on Tuesday. GALLERY: GoodPhone project unveils three new Rochester installations A new push to expand free communication across the community on Tuesday. Strong winds wreak havoc in Monroe County, leaving tree in Irondequoit diner roof Irondequoit, N.Y. (WHAM) A giant tree crashed into the Parkside Diner in Irondequoit on Monday afternoon as strong winds swept through Monroe County.While nobo Local Election Results Election Nation & World Good Day & ARC Rochester Sound Stage Traffic Offbeat Entertainment Crime Stoppers Connect to Congress Armstrong Army Strong Amazing America Question of the Day Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Crisis in the Classroom Weather Current Weather Rochester Snow 25 F 26 / 11 Today 26 / 11 Thursday 17 / 13 Friday 23 / 19 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast School Visit Request Radar Maps Closings Submit a Closing Ski Report Weather Talk School Pictures Mini Meteorologist Buffalo Plus Buffalo Plus Eagles hang on to beat Bills 13-12 as Allen misses Shakir on 2-point try ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) &mdash; As Jalen Carter and his Philadelphia teammates celebrated in the end zone after making one last crucial stop, Buffalo’s Josh Allen rem Josh Allen blames himself for failed 2-point conversion in final seconds of Bills' loss ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) &mdash; Josh Allen sat glumly at the postgame lectern, his mood resembling the dark clouds that hung over Highmark Stadium on Sunday.Refusing Ernie Clement attends Bills practice, receives praise from Sean McDermott Brighton native Ernie Clement was a huge Bills fan growing up, and the Blue Jays' star infielder recently got the chance to meet some members of the team. Bills, Jaguars, Chargers clinch playoff berths after Colts lose 5th straight game The Buffalo Bills, Jacksonville Jaguars and Los Angeles Chargers qualified for the AFC playoffs with the Indianapolis Colts' 48-27 loss to the San Francisco 49e Bills Latest News Health Matters Health Matters Rochester Regional Health pushes temporary mask requirements as flu cases surge In response to the rise in respiratory illnesses in the area, Rochester Regional Health announced Tuesday it will be temporarily mandating masks. Rochester General Hospital recognized for quality of maternity care Rochester, N.Y. &mdash; Rochester General Hospital is celebrating a new honor. Flu cases surge in Monroe County as new strain emerges Health leaders in Monroe County are raising concerns about a potentially tougher flu season in Western New York, as a new strain called subclade K circulates. CDC website changed to contradict scientific conclusion that vaccines don't cause autism NEW YORK (AP) &mdash; A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website has been changed to contradict the longtime scientific conclusion that vaccines do not caus Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 25 ° Thu 22 ° Fri 20 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Election Results Election Nation & World Good Day & ARC Rochester Sound Stage Traffic Offbeat Entertainment Crime Stoppers Connect to Congress Armstrong Army Strong Amazing America Question of the Day Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Crisis in the Classroom Weather Down Arrow Weather Home School Visit Request Radar Maps Closings Submit a Closing Ski Report Weather Talk School Pictures Mini Meteorologist Buffalo Plus Down Arrow Buffalo Plus Home Bills Latest News Health Matters Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Colleges Pickin’ Splinters HS Sports Report HS Play of the Week Bills Sabres Red Wings Amerks Knighthawks Orange TICKETS City Guide Community Down Arrow Community Home Good Day Rochester Bright Spot Your Photos Pirate Toy Fund Golisano Children's Hospital Sinclair Cares Jazz Lounge Cheapest Gas Furry Fan Page Community Connection Partner Spotlight For Pet's Sake Hire Me Rochester Smart Living Flower City Fare From the Ground Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact News Team Careers Advertise With Us Diversity & Inclusion Contests Schedule FOX Rochester CW Rochester Newsletter Sign Up Videos Newsletter Sign Up Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices Privacy & Cookie Policy FCC Info FCC Applications Contact Public File Assistance News Team Contests Diversity & Inclusion facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Winter Weather Advisory Winter Weather Advisory for Monroe, Livingston, Ontario, Orleans, and Genesee Counties until 1 AM Thursday. Weather Forecast Radar Winter Storm Warning: Lake Effect Snow Wayne County: 7 PM Monday - 7 PM Thursday,Wyoming County: 1 PM Monday - 1 AM Friday Forecast Radar Close 1 2 Couple charged for abusing 6 kids, hoarding animals waive preliminary hearings Two Elizabethtown residents accused of abusing six children with baseball bats and hoarding numerous animals will have their cases moved through county court. Nonprofit leader helping homeless and veterans killed in Greece crash Timothy Miller's fiancée, Rebecca Mearns, was still in disbelief and sorrow Tuesday over his sudden death Saturday. More snow is on the way in WNY Rochester, N.Y. (WHAM) &mdash; We'll have a few more chances for shovelable snow over the next few days in Western New York. Strong winds wreak havoc in Monroe County, leaving tree in Irondequoit diner roof Irondequoit, N.Y. (WHAM) A giant tree crashed into the Parkside Diner in Irondequoit on Monday afternoon as strong winds swept through Monroe County.While nobo Body found in Rochester identified as missing person Rochester, N.Y. &mdash; A missing person has been found dead, according to the Rochester Police Department.Police said Danny Siplin, 33, was reported missing Tuesday Teen shoots and kills dad inside Rochester apartment, police say Police responded to a report of a shooting at Garson Avenue and Peck Street on Monday evening. Rochester woman charged with manslaughter after 16-year-old son's death Rochester, N.Y. &mdash; A woman faces charges after police said she caused her 16-year-old son's death during an argument over his cellphone on the city's east side. FBI joins search for missing teen Camila Olmos, mental health possible concern SAN ANTONIO - UPDATE (12/29): Bexar County Sheriff Javier Salazar gives an update on the ongoing search efforts for 19-year-old Camila Olmos Mendoza.ORIGINAL S Epstein files dominate headlines in 2025: Timeline At the start of President Donald Trump’s administration, many supporters of the president requested transparency when it came to the disgraced Jeffrey Epstein. Voters reject $21 million proposal for new firehouse in Irondequoit A $21 million proposal for a new firehouse for the St. Paul Boulevard Fire District was voted against on Tuesday. Local News GALLERY: GoodPhone project unveils three new Rochester installations A new push to expand free communication across the community on Tuesday. Driver dies after being ejected in Greece crash Greece, N.Y. &mdash; One person has died from injuries after being ejected from a vehicle during a crash Saturday afternoon, according to police. Man pleads guilty to leaving scene of fatal hit-and-run in Rochester Rochester, N.Y. &mdash; A man has pleaded guilty following a fatal hit-and-run on the city's west side over the summer. 'No tax on tips' in New York in limbo When President Donald Trump's One Big Beautiful Bill Act was signed into law July 4, a "no tax on tips" policy was a major part of it. 13WHAM's top 10 most-viewed stories of 2025 From alleged mountain lion sightings to viewer photos of a tornado, flash flooding and the first day of school, here are 13WHAM's most-viewed stories of 2025. Crime Stoppers: Brockport's newest K-9 officer Officer Josh Sine and Sammy tell us about training for the K9 Unit. Rochester Regional Health pushes temporary mask requirements as flu cases surge In response to the rise in respiratory illnesses in the area, Rochester Regional Health announced Tuesday it will be temporarily mandating masks. See More Right arrow Buffalo Plus Josh Allen blames himself for failed 2-point conversion in final seconds of Bills' loss ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) &mdash; Josh Allen sat glumly at the postgame lectern, his mood resembling the dark clouds that hung over Highmark Stadium on Sunday.Refusing Eagles hang on to beat Bills 13-12 as Allen misses Shakir on 2-point try ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) &mdash; As Jalen Carter and his Philadelphia teammates celebrated in the end zone after making one last crucial stop, Buffalo’s Josh Allen rem Ernie Clement attends Bills practice, receives praise from Sean McDermott Brighton native Ernie Clement was a huge Bills fan growing up, and the Blue Jays' star infielder recently got the chance to meet some members of the team. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Nonprofit leader helping homeless and veterans killed in Greece crash Timothy Miller's fiancée, Rebecca Mearns, was still in disbelief and sorrow Tuesday over his sudden death Saturday. More snow is on the way in WNY Rochester, N.Y. (WHAM) &mdash; We'll have a few more chances for shovelable snow over the next few days in Western New York. GALLERY: GoodPhone project unveils three new Rochester installations A new push to expand free communication across the community on Tuesday. Strong winds wreak havoc in Monroe County, leaving tree in Irondequoit diner roof Irondequoit, N.Y. (WHAM) A giant tree crashed into the Parkside Diner in Irondequoit on Monday afternoon as strong winds swept through Monroe County.While nobo Teen shoots and kills dad inside Rochester apartment, police say Police responded to a report of a shooting at Garson Avenue and Peck Street on Monday evening. Nation & World Mayor-elect Mamdani's controversial pick: ex-al Qaeda lawyer named NYC's top legal counsel New York City mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani tapped an attorney who previously represented al Qaeda terrorist Ahmed al-Darbi to be the city’s chief counsel. Border patrol commander says immigration officers will be in Chicago for years U.S. Border Patrol commander Gregory Bovino said that federal agents were not done with Chicago yet and plan to be there for years to come. Transportation Secretary slams Newsom over fake extension for foreign truckers' licenses On Tuesday, California DMV issued a notice that it was extending the licenses of affected CDL drivers to March 6, 2026. Trump says there is more fraud in California than Minnesota, calls governors corrupt President Donald Trump said Wednesday that there is more fraud in California than there is in Minnesota in the wake of the Medicaid fraud scandal. Trump's economic policies surprise experts with strong growth and falling oil prices New economic numbers are turning heads in Washington -- and proving many so-called experts got it wrong again. Third oil tanker under US pursuit appears with Russian flag on its side Federal authorities reported the oil tanker has been under U.S. sanctions since last year for transporting Iranian oil, which is sold to finance terrorism. Concerns rise over Minnesota's same-day registration amid welfare fraud scandal The attention comes as the state has been riddled with widespread fraud and corruption. See More Right arrow Sports Sabres extend win streak to 9 with comeback vs. Blues Zach Benson and Alex Tuch scored and the Buffalo Sabres beat the St. Louis Blues 4-2 on Monday night for their ninth straight victory. Samuelsson's three-point game leads Sabres to 8th straight win, 4-1 over Bruins BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) &mdash; Mattias Samuelsson had a goal and two assists as the Buffalo Sabres beat the Boston Bruins 4-1 on Saturday night for their eighth straight Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. See More Right arrow Pickin’ Splinters Trusting the process, Levi earns the Amerks a point Rochester, N.Y. To paraphrase Mark Twain, had the great American author written about hockey: Reports of any regression in development by Devon Levi have been Monroe's Hampton takes home Gatorade NYS Player of the Year Monroe standout Messiah Hampton was announced as the 2025-26 New York Gatorade Player of the Year, per the NYSSWA. Byron-Bergen's Gray garners second straight NYS Player of the Year honor For the second time in as many years, Byron-Bergen's Mia Gray was named the Class C Player of the Year by the New York State Sportswriters and Coaches' Organiza See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Bridging the gap: New practical nursing program meets Rochester's growing healthcare needs Bryant & Stratton College has launched a new Practical Nursing Program at its Henrietta campus! SPONSORED Show gratitude to your community's hero with a free car giveaway! Heroes don't always wear capes, and Hyundai celebrates the everyday people in our lives who continue to spread positivity and make a difference! SPONSORED Lollypop Farm's animal ambassador Riley the goat is turning 1! Born at Lollypop Farm one year ago, Riley the tiny Nigerian dwarf goat has grown into a beloved animal ambassador, helping to educate the community about farm a SPONSORED Lollypop Farm's Doggy Day Out program brings joy to pets and people First launched in July 2022, Lollypop Farm&rsquo;s Doggy Day Out program allows members of the community to come in anytime during the shelter&rsquo;s open adoption hours a SPONSORED Cricket's luck turns around with the help of a caring community Crickets are considered lucky in some cultures, but luck did not seem to be on the side of this two-month-old black-and-white kitten. Cricket was found as a str SPONSORED Horses to C.A.R.E. for at Lollypop Farm If you visit the Lollypop Farm farm walk, you may notice a beautiful spotted horse following closely behind a friend. She carefully steps through the pasture an SPONSORED Lollypop Farm celebrates 150 years of life-saving care The world was a much different place 150 years ago. In the midst of the second Industrial Revolution, it was not only a time for innovating technology but for n SPONSORED Non-profit provides education, residential services, and enrichment programs to children with disabilities The year was 1949 and society was not ready to accept children with intellectual developmental disabilities and medical complexities. Often these children were SPONSORED What the experts are saying about using metal on your home ’ s roof When it comes to roofing choices, homeowners often find themselves at a crossroads, having to decide between different materials and the company or contractor t SPONSORED Listen up! How your ears are connected to your body's overall health The recently released Sage II Commission Report, issued by Common Ground Health, highlights concerning health-related inequities and reduced life expectancies f SPONSORED A sweet girl looking for her dream house Petite and in pain, this calico cat was found by a Good Samaritan when she took refuge in their garage. Instantly spotting a large wound on her, they knew they SPONSORED From desperate need to loving care: How the Rochester community comes together to save pets like Louie At 12 years old, Louie the chihuahua was surrendered to Lollypop Farm after his previous owners could no longer care for him. Facing extensive medical concerns, Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Bright Spot Bright Spot: Century of Joy Our Bright Spot shines on secrets to a long and healthy life. Bright Spot: Holiday giving Our Bright Spot shines on brightening the holidays. Bright Spot: Holiday postcard surprise Our Bright Spot shines on spreading holiday cheer. Bright Spot: A local volunteer’s mission to help shelter dogs find forever homes Perinton, N.Y. &mdash; Our Bright Spot shines on one local volunteer who is proving that a little time and a lot of walking can go a long way towards helping shelter Bright Spot: Lending a helping hand Our Bright Spot shines on Kyle of the Palmyra-Macedon Central School District. Bright Spot: Golden gifts Our Bright Spot shines on a gilded tradition. Bright Spot: Former patient at Golisano Children's Hospital pays it forward Our Bright Spot shines on 8-year-old Grayson Roth as he dropped off a big toy donation at Golisano Children's Hospital Thursday afternoon. Bright Spot: Turning trash into treasure Our Bright Spot shines on 6th grader Pierson Farina, who is turning trash into treasure.He's been filming garbage and recycling trucks for his YouTube channel f Bright Spot: Thelma Depalma celebrates 104th birthday Our Bright Spot shines on the best part of being 104. Bright Spot: A heartwarming surprise Our Bright Spot shines on a special holiday delivery. Bright Spot: Stand-out security Our Bright Spot shines on a stand-out member of the Rochester Broadway Theatre League's security team. Bright Spot: A memorable ride to school courtesy of the Gates Fire District Our Bright Spot shines on a special ride to school.Fourth grader ChristinaAlletto rolled up to Neil Armstrong Elementary in style Thursday inside a firetruck w Bright Spot: Honoring 44 years of dedicated service to Monroe County Rochester, N.Y. &mdash; Our Bright Spot shines on Dawn Broking, a true champion of public service, who is retiring from Monroe County after 44 years of service.Dawn b Bright Spot: Holiday drive Our Bright Spot shines on a healthy holiday. Bright Spot: Cats and Coffee Our Bright Spot shines on a special event hosted by St. John Fisher University. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Entertainment The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs Spanks for the memories! Why Timothée Chalamet refuses to use a butt double Timothée Chalamet went full method actor for his spanking scene in "Marty Supreme." Exes & Ohs: From Britney to Bieber, a New Year’s Eve blast from the past A look back at iconic exes, famous friends, and sexy socialites from NYE past. The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. See More Right arrow Furry Fan Page Pet of the Week: Pascal Hiya! My name is Pascal and I am 1 year old. I am a very good boy from what the staff here at the shelter tell me. Pet of the Week: Maisie Maisie is a 4-year-old ebony beauty, her white whiskers and chest patch shining like little moonbeams against her soft dark coat. Pet of the Week: Candyrock This chestnut cutie pie is Candyrock, a 16.1hh TB.He retired sound from the track with no injuries and an impressive 50+ starts, earning him warhorse status. Pet of the Week: Betty Meet Betty, a gentle white rat with a soft spirit and a shy disposition. Pet of the Week: Stella Teefs, toys and tippy taps...the three 'T's of our friend Stella! See More Right arrow Good Day & ARC Rochester 'Shower Networking Expo' coming for small business A "business shower" is happening next week to help small businesses and entrepreneurs make some new connections for 2026.Rumella Cameron Caraballo and Rob Sweet Purple Door psychics give 2026 forecast As 2025, a tumultuous year in a century full of them, draws to a close, we're anxious but enthusiastic about what the future holds. Capitol Fools head to Nazareth University for NYE Jack Rowles of comedy troupe Capitol Fools tells us about how the group pillories the folks on Capitol Hill. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices Privacy & Cookie Policy FCC Info FCC Applications Contact Public File Assistance News Team Contests Diversity & Inclusion News Weather Sports Traffic Health Matters Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.