AI powered virtual sales agent | Boost online conversions and customer satisfaction 15gifts has become Humara. Welcome to the future of digital sales. 15gifts has become Humara Home Product Case studies Company - About Us - Careers Resources - Library - Blog Company About us Careers Resources Library Blog Contact Book a demo Your greatest Telco sales agent. Always on. Transform your digital conversion with the hyper-specialised AI sales agent already delivering results for the world’s leading Telco brands Book a demo Powerful and proven The secret to driving digital revenue growth for the world’s leading Telco brands Unparalleled AI specialism for unrivalled sales performance Boost digital conversion Elevate your experience Control your costs Sell more Transform your digital conversion with the only proven AI sales agent hyper-focused on optimising the Telco online sales journey, simplifying purchase complexity to combat drop-off and close more sales. Book a demo Stay ahead Deliver a world-class self-service experience that feels truly human. Exceed expectations and secure your competitive edge with a conversational capability and deep personalisation that showcases your brand at its best. Book a demo Spend less Lock in digital containment and deliver high-performance at scale. Achieve the results of an army of sales people with a single expert agent. Let Humara power your revenue so you can move the needle on margin. Book a demo Boost digital conversion Sell more Transform your digital conversion with the only proven AI sales agent hyper-focused on optimising the Telco online sales journey, simplifying purchase complexity to combat drop-off and close more sales. Book a demo Elevate your experience Stay ahead Lock in digital containment and deliver high-performance at scale. Achieve the results of an army of sales people with a single expert agent. Let Humara power your revenue so you can move the needle on margin. Book a demo Control your costs Spend less Lock in digital containment and deliver high-performance at scale. Achieve the results of an army of sales people with a single expert agent. Let Humara power your revenue so you can move the needle on margin. Book a demo Boost digital conversion Sell more Transform your digital conversion with the only proven AI sales agent hyper-focused on optimising the telco online sales journey, reducing purchase complexity to combat drop-off and close more sales. Elevate your brand experience Stay ahead Deliver a world-class self-service experience that feels real/high touch. Exceed expectations and boost your competitive advantage with a cutting-edge, hyper-personalised conversational capability that reflects your brand at its best Control your costs Spend less Lock in digital containment and deliver high-performance at scale. Achieve the sales revenue of an army of sales people with a single expert agent. Let Humara power your revenue at a lower cost so you can move the needle on margin. "Investing in new technologies like Humara is vitally important to Vodafone staying ahead of the game”. Duncan Knight, Head of Digital Product & Sales, Vodafone Fix your flow Make more from your traffic. In the face of ever increasing Telco product and package complexity, Humara thrives - expertly trained to create clarity, recommend what’s right, handle hesitations, and lead your prospects to a confident purchase, all within the self-service, digital journey. 35% Incremental sales 30% Uplift in attachment rate 20-40x Return on investment Sell with specialist sophistication Telco sales are hard. Use the right AI agent for the job. Humara is trained in advanced sales techniques and a deep understanding of what it takes to sell phones, fiber, channels, contracts, packages and plans. This is Telco sales AI like no other. Hyper-specialised AI expertise for hyper-specialised selling. Trained on unrivalled Telco data & experience Rooted in 15 years of Telco deployment and expertise, Humara draws on an unparalleled wealth of real sales data and interactions. Coached by high performing industry salespeople Fine-tuned by top Telco salespeople, Humara mirrors the intuition and craft to build rapport and close deals. The most human experience for deeper trust and better results. Grounded in a proprietary sales framework Humara leads the conversation, moving prospects through a consultative sales framework proven to pinpoint needs and deliver recommendations that convert. Informed by sales psychology Humara adapts to every prospect, mapping buyers across logic, emotion, and impulsivity to deliver personalised conversations that drive confidence and action. Find out more Partner with a proven team. Get powerful results. No one knows you like we do. With over 15 years of exclusive focus on Telco digital sales, our  track record with Telco integration, deployment complexity, and scale means we deliver results that can't be replicated. 61.4% Conversion uplift 40x Return on investment 80,000 Users assisted per month Unlock a goldmine of insights Understand your prospects like never before. Let Humara surface the recurring themes to quickly understand what matters most, or deep dive into transcripts to see first-hand what your visitors are saying at each stage of the journey. Uncover unique insights to inform decisions and improve performance across your whole customer experience. Accelerate your AI capabilities Things are moving fast - consumer expectations, business imperatives - spearhead your AI transformation and get ahead. This is proven AI that delivers real business impact. Leapfrog years of learning, iteration and improvement and partner with expert specialists for the fastest route to peak performance. Rely on AI you can trust Be confident in every interaction with A-grade security and unbeatable accuracy. With meticulous guardrails and air-tight controls you can define the rules of engagement, set boundaries and be assured that your data, your customers and your reputation are in the safest hands. Winner Mobile Solution of the Year with EE / Retail Partnership of the Year (Online) with O2 Winner Best Customer Conversion Platform Winner International Expansion category Ready to accelerate your digital sales? Book a 30 minute consultation with us, to discover how Humara can transform your business. During the call we’ll: Provide a personalised demo: Explore Humara's features and see how it works for your specific needs. Goal alignment: Discover how Humara supports your business objectives. Answer your questions: no pressure, no wasted time. Just the info you need to take the next step. Book your slot now Product Case studies Company Resources Contact Book a demo Privacy & Cookie Policy | Cookie Preferences © copyright 15gifts Limited 2016-2025. All rights reserved. 15gifts Limited registered in England and Wales, Company Number: 07039525 Registered office: Ashcombe House, 5 The Crescent, Leatherhead, Surrey, KT22 8DY By clicking "Accept" , you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Preferences Reject Accept Manage Consent Preferences Essentials Always active Necessary for the site to function. Always On. Marketing Used for targeted advertising. Personalization Remembers your preferences and provides enhanced features. Analytics Measures usage and improves your experience. Reject All Accept All Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.