Copyright Infringement Notification Copyright Infringement Notification Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright Notification Counter Notification Procedure for Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement To file a copyright infringement notification with us relating to Content on the Rumble Player, you will need to send a written communication that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act to confirm these requirements): A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material. Providing URLs in the body of an email is the best way to help us locate content quickly. Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. To expedite our ability to process your request, such written notice should be sent to our designated agent as follows: Service Provider(s): Rumble Canada Inc.
Name of Agent: Claudio R.
Address: Rumble Canada Inc.,
  218 Adelaide Street West, Suite 400,
  Toronto, Ontario, M5H 1W7
  Email: our email If there are many videos to be removed, or you expect to have an ongoing need to remove potentially infringing content from Rumble, we suggest that you email us at our email with the subject as "ONGOING DMCA" where we increase the speed at which we are able to remove any infringing content on Rumble and also offer industry-leading content identification tools and personal management for your requests. Please note that under Section 512(f) any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability for damages. Don't make false claims! Please also note that the information provided in this legal notice may be forwarded to the person who provided the allegedly infringing content. Claimant information will be published on the Rumble site at anytime. Counter Notification If you believe that material you posted has been removed in error, you should send to our Copyright Agent, using the contact information listed above, a counter notice that includes the following: Your physical or electronic signature. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled. A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification. Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of, at Rumble's discretion, in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice at Toronto or the United States Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in the United States and that you will accept service of process by mail from the person who provided notification of copyright infringement, or an agent of such person. Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability. Please also be advised that we enforce a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of subscribers who are repeat infringers. Rumble logo Rumble logo text Go Ad-Free Sign In Sign Up Appearance: Language: English Sign In Appearance Setting is applied to this browser only System Default Light Theme Dark Theme Change Language English Español Deutsch Français Português Go Ad-Free Home Browse Editor Picks Trending Shop Latest Library Watch History Watch Later Featured Channels Featured NEWSMAX 1.16K Badlands Media 588 Lofi Girl 379 New York Post Medical Medium Michael Franzese Barry Cunningham Dr Disrespect Ben Shapiro Tim Pool Show Sean Hannity Drew Hernandez OutdoorChannelTV Daily Caller News Foundation Donald J. Trump Price of Reason Westwood One Sports Winston Marshall The Official Steve Harvey VINCE The Charlie Kirk Show Bannons War Room Pop Culture Crisis X22 Report Channel Five President Donald J. Trump Rob Braxman Tech Danny Polishchuk Julie Green Ministries The Chris Cuomo Project Awaken With JP Glenn Greenwald Matt Kohrs JustPearlyThings Mike Rowe Anthony Pompliano vivafrei Bitcoin.com CAMELOT331 DeVory Darkins Dr Steve Turley Buddy Brown World Poker Tour The StoneZONE with Roger Stone The Brett Cooper Show Major League Fishing Cumulus Podcast Network Rebel News Doc Rich Adam Carolla Rumble logo Rumble logo FAQ About Us Careers Our Apps Advertising Store Cloud Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright / DMCA Accessibility Bug Bounty Copyright © 2025 Rumble®. All Rights Reserved.