1inch | Swap Crypto Tokens at the Best Rates in DeFi Personal Personal Business Swap Pro Aqua Portfolio Go to... App Swap Pro Aqua Portfolio Swap crypto tokens at the best rates Get started Cross-chain swaps Move assets between 13+ networks, without bridging. 01 02 03 Get started Get the best rates on crypto token swaps SOL → ETH 1 SOL — ETH Swap WBTC → ETH 1 WBTC — ETH Swap BNB → USDT 1 BNB — USDT Swap LTC → USDT 1 LTC — USDT Swap BNB → USDC 1 BNB — USDC Swap AVAX → USDT 1 AVAX — USDT Swap USDC → ENA 100 USDC — ENA Swap AVAX → USDT 1 AVAX — USDT Swap Swap tokens across 
13+ chains - without bridging Ethereum Binance Polygon Optimism Arbitrum Gnosis Avalanche ZkSyncEra Base Linea Unichain Sonic Solana 1inch powers DeFi From the first DEX aggregator to intent-based cross-chain swaps - 1inch is building the future of finance. $782B+ Swap volume 252M+ Total swaps 26M+ Wallets connected Bulletproof DeFi security Protect your crypto against front-running, sandwich attacks and asset loss with MEV protection, wallet screening & more. Risk management Scam protection Brand abuse takedowns Wallet scanning, risk scoring and blocklists keep you safe from bad actors. Learn more One ecosystem for everything you do with crypto 1inch Wallet Run crypto from your pocket Secure, swap & track tokens in one DeFi wallet app. Get Wallet 1inch Portfolio Track your crypto portfolio Manage your digital assets, analyze PnL & liquidity protocols, and discover DeFi staking. Explore 1inch Card Pay with crypto, every day Spend tokens with Apple Pay & Google Pay, borrow against digital assets and get crypto cashback. Get your card 1inch Business Build & scale with the complete Web3 API suite Precision DeFi technology for every function, from token swaps to RPC nodes. Integrate Questions? Answers. What is DeFi? DeFi (decentralized finance) is an infrastructure of financial services based on blockchain technology that lets people trade, lend, borrow and earn interest directly, without banks or intermediaries. What is a DeFi exchange? A DeFi exchange is a decentralized platform that enables users to trade cryptocurrencies directly with each other using smart contracts, without intermediaries like banks or centralized exchanges. It gives traders full control over their funds and enables peer-to-peer transactions on the blockchain. Is 1inch a DeFi exchange? 1inch Swap began as a DEX aggregator, combining liquidity across multiple exchanges to find users the best swap rates.  Now, it’s a lot more - with intent-based swaps and cross-chain functionality built on atomic execution to keep assets safe.  But it’s still built on the principle of uniting liquidity from across the ecosystem to make crypto swaps more efficient and return better token prices. What is a DEX aggregator? A DEX aggregator helps users swap tokens by combining liquidity from several decentralized exchanges to secure better prices. The advanced DEX aggregator accessed through 1inch’s Pro interface can split a single trade across different platforms and market depth to reduce slippage and access better pricing. Explore better swap rates in the 1inch dApp or Wallet. How are DEX aggregators better than DEXes? A DEX aggregator searches multiple DEXes to find the best token prices, lowest fees, and most efficient routes for your swap. This saves you time and money compared to using a single DEX. How can I swap tokens on 1inch? To order a token swap on 1inch, go to the 1inch dApp or 1inch Wallet, choose the token you want to swap and the token you want to receive, select the network(s) and mode, then hit the Swap button. For more details, visit the Help Center. Show more Stop guessing. Take control. Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.