1News Top Stories Latest New Zealand World Sport Overview Rugby League Cricket Football Netball Basketball Other Sport Golf Motorsport Tennis Life Politics Opinion Te Ao Māori Re: News Entertainment Newsletters ADVERTISEMENT New Zealand Full list: New Year Honours 2026 The full list of New Year Honours recipients, released on December 31, 2025. New Zealand Crime and Justice New appeal in Hastings murder case as visits to victim's home probed Officers said Teishallia Te Paea's body had lain undiscovered for likely several weeks, as attempts had been made to conceal her. Crime and Justice Business IKEA to correct te reo Māori signs after errors at Auckland store The signs at the Sylvia Park store, which points to the Swedish restaurant and café, reads "wharekai & kāfe swīni", but there are no letter Fs or Ss in the Māori alphabet. Business Sport Sydney to Hobart drama as French crew penalised after breaking rules Overall honours have sensationally changed hands after the French-crewed first-placed yacht was penalised for breaking rules relating to sail use. Sport World Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in next elections White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson said the concerns about the midterms come from Democratic politicians who are “fearmongering to score political points". World New Zealand Police 'strongly interested' in dashcam footage of Akl motorway crash One person was critically injured in the crash between a car and a motorbike at around 12.30pm on Wednesday. New Zealand New Zealand Watch: Auckland rings in 2026, fireworks light up Sky Tower Lasers, projections and more than 3500 fireworks lit up the CBD as the clock struck midnight in New Zealand's largest city. New Zealand 12:25am 5:07 New Zealand Severe thunderstorm watch for Northland, Auckland on New Year’s Eve Severe thunderstorms are forecast from Whangārei to Wairarapa this New Year’s Eve, with Auckland, Hamilton, Whanganui and Palmerston North in the firing line. New Zealand New Zealand Cable from historic Ōpiki Bridge falls into Manawatū River The fallen cable poses a serious risk to river users and Horizons Regional Council said it was too early to know when it would be removed. New Zealand New Zealand Scott Dixon, Rod Drury, Dorothy Spotswood receive New Year Honours Nearly 180 New Zealanders have been recognised this year, spanning Māori language champions, health leaders, scientists, broadcasters, and volunteers. New Zealand 3:31 New Zealand Severe thunderstorm watch for Northland, Auckland on New Year’s Eve Severe thunderstorms are forecast from Whangārei to Wairarapa this New Year’s Eve, with Auckland, Hamilton, Whanganui and Palmerston North in the firing line. New Zealand New Zealand Cable from historic Ōpiki Bridge falls into Manawatū River The fallen cable poses a serious risk to river users and Horizons Regional Council said it was too early to know when it would be removed. New Zealand New Zealand Scott Dixon, Rod Drury, Dorothy Spotswood receive New Year Honours Nearly 180 New Zealanders have been recognised this year, spanning Māori language champions, health leaders, scientists, broadcasters, and volunteers. New Zealand 3:31 ADVERTISEMENT New Zealand Full list: New Year Honours 2026 The full list of New Year Honours recipients, released on December 31, 2025. New Zealand Crime and Justice New appeal in Hastings murder case as visits to victim's home probed Officers said Teishallia Te Paea's body had lain undiscovered for likely several weeks, as attempts had been made to conceal her. Crime and Justice Business IKEA to correct te reo Māori signs after errors at Auckland store The signs at the Sylvia Park store, which points to the Swedish restaurant and café, reads "wharekai & kāfe swīni", but there are no letter Fs or Ss in the Māori alphabet. Business Sport Sydney to Hobart drama as French crew penalised after breaking rules Overall honours have sensationally changed hands after the French-crewed first-placed yacht was penalised for breaking rules relating to sail use. Sport World Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in next elections White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson said the concerns about the midterms come from Democratic politicians who are “fearmongering to score political points". World New Zealand Police 'strongly interested' in dashcam footage of Akl motorway crash One person was critically injured in the crash between a car and a motorbike at around 12.30pm on Wednesday. New Zealand Crime and Justice Man charged after firearm, drugs found during Northland traffic stop Police clocked a vehicle exceeding the 50km/h speed limit on State Highway 11 at Kawakawa at around 10.10pm on Tuesday. Crime and Justice World Former Aussie cricket star in 'fight of his life' against meningitis Australia's cricket community is rallying around Damien Martyn after the cricket great was hospitalised suddenly in Brisbane. World New Zealand Severe thunderstorm watch for Northland, Auckland on New Year’s Eve Severe thunderstorms are forecast from Whangārei to Wairarapa this New Year’s Eve, with Auckland, Hamilton, Whanganui and Palmerston North in the firing line. New Zealand New Zealand Cable from historic Ōpiki Bridge falls into Manawatū River The fallen cable poses a serious risk to river users and Horizons Regional Council said it was too early to know when it would be removed. New Zealand Crime and Justice Man charged after firearm, drugs found during Northland traffic stop Police clocked a vehicle exceeding the 50km/h speed limit on State Highway 11 at Kawakawa at around 10.10pm on Tuesday. Crime and Justice World Former Aussie cricket star in 'fight of his life' against meningitis Australia's cricket community is rallying around Damien Martyn after the cricket great was hospitalised suddenly in Brisbane. World ADVERTISEMENT New Zealand Scott Dixon, Rod Drury, Dorothy Spotswood receive New Year Honours Nearly 180 New Zealanders have been recognised this year, spanning Māori language champions, health leaders, scientists, broadcasters, and volunteers. New Zealand 3:31 New Zealand Full list: New Year Honours 2026 The full list of New Year Honours recipients, released on December 31, 2025. New Zealand Crime and Justice New appeal in Hastings murder case as visits to victim's home probed Officers said Teishallia Te Paea's body had lain undiscovered for likely several weeks, as attempts had been made to conceal her. Crime and Justice Business IKEA to correct te reo Māori signs after errors at Auckland store The signs at the Sylvia Park store, which points to the Swedish restaurant and café, reads "wharekai & kāfe swīni", but there are no letter Fs or Ss in the Māori alphabet. Business Sport Sydney to Hobart drama as French crew penalised after breaking rules Overall honours have sensationally changed hands after the French-crewed first-placed yacht was penalised for breaking rules relating to sail use. Sport World Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in next elections White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson said the concerns about the midterms come from Democratic politicians who are “fearmongering to score political points". World New Zealand Police 'strongly interested' in dashcam footage of Akl motorway crash One person was critically injured in the crash between a car and a motorbike at around 12.30pm on Wednesday. New Zealand Crime and Justice Man charged after firearm, drugs found during Northland traffic stop Police clocked a vehicle exceeding the 50km/h speed limit on State Highway 11 at Kawakawa at around 10.10pm on Tuesday. Crime and Justice World Former Aussie cricket star in 'fight of his life' against meningitis Australia's cricket community is rallying around Damien Martyn after the cricket great was hospitalised suddenly in Brisbane. World ADVERTISEMENT New Zealand Full list: New Year Honours 2026 The full list of New Year Honours recipients, released on December 31, 2025. New Zealand Crime and Justice New appeal in Hastings murder case as visits to victim's home probed Officers said Teishallia Te Paea's body had lain undiscovered for likely several weeks, as attempts had been made to conceal her. Crime and Justice Business IKEA to correct te reo Māori signs after errors at Auckland store The signs at the Sylvia Park store, which points to the Swedish restaurant and café, reads "wharekai & kāfe swīni", but there are no letter Fs or Ss in the Māori alphabet. Business Sport Sydney to Hobart drama as French crew penalised after breaking rules Overall honours have sensationally changed hands after the French-crewed first-placed yacht was penalised for breaking rules relating to sail use. Sport World Democrats renew worries about Trump interfering in next elections White House spokeswoman Abigail Jackson said the concerns about the midterms come from Democratic politicians who are “fearmongering to score political points". World New Zealand Police 'strongly interested' in dashcam footage of Akl motorway crash One person was critically injured in the crash between a car and a motorbike at around 12.30pm on Wednesday. New Zealand Latest stories VIEW MORE World Renaming of Kennedy Centre prompts a new round of cancellations A new round of artists say they are cancelling scheduled performances after US President Donald Trump's name was added to the facility, prompting the institution's president to accuse the performers of making their decisions because of politics. New Zealand Nominations open for new local election in Papatoetoe subdivision October's election results were voided by a judge after it was ruled there were irregularities in the voting process. Entertainment Isiah Whitlock Jr, actor from The Wire, Veep, dies at 71 World China flexes blockade capabilities near Taiwan on second day of drills World Israel to halt operations of several aid organisations in Gaza from 2026 World Renaming of Kennedy Centre prompts a new round of cancellations A new round of artists say they are cancelling scheduled performances after US President Donald Trump's name was added to the facility, prompting the institution's president to accuse the performers of making their decisions because of politics. New Zealand Nominations open for new local election in Papatoetoe subdivision October's election results were voided by a judge after it was ruled there were irregularities in the voting process. Entertainment Isiah Whitlock Jr, actor from The Wire, Veep, dies at 71 World China flexes blockade capabilities near Taiwan on second day of drills World Israel to halt operations of several aid organisations in Gaza from 2026 World Head-on train crash near Peru's Machu Picchu kills one, injures dozens 0:47 World Renaming of Kennedy Centre prompts a new round of cancellations A new round of artists say they are cancelling scheduled performances after US President Donald Trump's name was added to the facility, prompting the institution's president to accuse the performers of making their decisions because of politics. New Zealand Nominations open for new local election in Papatoetoe subdivision October's election results were voided by a judge after it was ruled there were irregularities in the voting process. Entertainment Isiah Whitlock Jr, actor from The Wire, Veep, dies at 71 World China flexes blockade capabilities near Taiwan on second day of drills World Israel to halt operations of several aid organisations in Gaza from 2026 View more latest stories Latest and Live videos 5:07 Watch: Auckland rings in 2026, fireworks light up Sky Tower 12:19am Watch: Auckland rings in 2026, fireworks light up Sky Tower 12:19am Watch: Auckland rings in 2026, fireworks light up Sky Tower 12:19am 0:47 At least one killed in head-on train crash near Machu Picchu 5:14pm At least one killed in head-on train crash near Machu Picchu 5:14pm 0:42 Passengers rescued from derailed train in Mexico December 29, 2025 Passengers rescued from derailed train in Mexico December 29, 2025 0:41 One dead, one injured after US midair helicopter crash December 29, 2025 One dead, one injured after US midair helicopter crash December 29, 2025 0:23 Two in hospital after fight in Auckland's Wiri December 29, 2025 Two in hospital after fight in Auckland's Wiri December 29, 2025 0:35 Rescue workers recover bodies after 15 killed in Guatemala bus crash December 28, 2025 Rescue workers recover bodies after 15 killed in Guatemala bus crash December 28, 2025 0:42 Police at the scene of a mass brawl on Auckland's Karangahape Rd December 28, 2025 Police at the scene of a mass brawl on Auckland's Karangahape Rd December 28, 2025 0:46 Russia launches mass attack on Kyiv ahead of Trump-Zelensky talks December 28, 2025 Russia launches mass attack on Kyiv ahead of Trump-Zelensky talks December 28, 2025 0:34 Light plane crashes into unoccupied house in Pauanui December 25, 2025 Light plane crashes into unoccupied house in Pauanui December 25, 2025 0:41 Emergency services respond to explosion at US nursing home December 24, 2025 Emergency services respond to explosion at US nursing home December 24, 2025 0:37 Watch: Drone footage shows giant sinkhole on UK canal December 23, 2025 Watch: Drone footage shows giant sinkhole on UK canal December 23, 2025 0:41 Emergency services respond to Mexican Navy plane crash in Texas December 23, 2025 Emergency services respond to Mexican Navy plane crash in Texas December 23, 2025 Latest and Live videos playing Watch: Auckland rings in 2026, fireworks light up Sky Tower 12:19am 0:47 At least one killed in head-on train crash near Machu Picchu 5:14pm 0:42 Passengers rescued from derailed train in Mexico December 29, 2025 0:41 One dead, one injured after US midair helicopter crash December 29, 2025 0:23 Two in hospital after fight in Auckland's Wiri December 29, 2025 0:35 Rescue workers recover bodies after 15 killed in Guatemala bus crash December 28, 2025 0:42 Police at the scene of a mass brawl on Auckland's Karangahape Rd December 28, 2025 0:46 Russia launches mass attack on Kyiv ahead of Trump-Zelensky talks December 28, 2025 0:34 Light plane crashes into unoccupied house in Pauanui December 25, 2025 0:41 Emergency services respond to explosion at US nursing home December 24, 2025 0:37 Watch: Drone footage shows giant sinkhole on UK canal December 23, 2025 0:41 Emergency services respond to Mexican Navy plane crash in Texas December 23, 2025 New Zealand VIEW MORE Olympic marathon pioneer Lorraine Moller named in New Year Honours The newly appointed ONZM looks back on a trailblazing career in the latest 1News Newsmakers. New Zealand 5:44 Dog missing after yacht capsizes in Northland Police were called to the incident near Elizabeth Reef at around 5.10pm. New Zealand Hundreds hunt for beloved runaway horse: 'worst nightmare' Auckland rider Erin Swainston knew she had to let go of the reins, or be crushed by her beloved horse when it lost its footing. New Zealand Person killed in New Year's Eve crash near Huntly The sole occupant of the vehicle was found deceased at the scene. New Zealand Former Hastings mayor 'deeply humbled' by New Year Honour Sandra Hazlehurst was the first female mayor of Hastings and led the city through transformational projects, including the championing of Flaxmere. New Zealand ADVERTISEMENT Olympic marathon pioneer Lorraine Moller named in New Year Honours The newly appointed ONZM looks back on a trailblazing career in the latest 1News Newsmakers. New Zealand 5:44 Dog missing after yacht capsizes in Northland Police were called to the incident near Elizabeth Reef at around 5.10pm. New Zealand Hundreds hunt for beloved runaway horse: 'worst nightmare' Auckland rider Erin Swainston knew she had to let go of the reins, or be crushed by her beloved horse when it lost its footing. New Zealand Person killed in New Year's Eve crash near Huntly The sole occupant of the vehicle was found deceased at the scene. New Zealand Former Hastings mayor 'deeply humbled' by New Year Honour Sandra Hazlehurst was the first female mayor of Hastings and led the city through transformational projects, including the championing of Flaxmere. New Zealand ADVERTISEMENT Olympic marathon pioneer Lorraine Moller named in New Year Honours The newly appointed ONZM looks back on a trailblazing career in the latest 1News Newsmakers. New Zealand 5:44 Dog missing after yacht capsizes in Northland Police were called to the incident near Elizabeth Reef at around 5.10pm. New Zealand Former Hastings mayor 'deeply humbled' by New Year Honour Sandra Hazlehurst was the first female mayor of Hastings and led the city through transformational projects, including the championing of Flaxmere. New Zealand Hundreds hunt for beloved runaway horse: 'worst nightmare' Auckland rider Erin Swainston knew she had to let go of the reins, or be crushed by her beloved horse when it lost its footing. New Zealand Person killed in New Year's Eve crash near Huntly The sole occupant of the vehicle was found deceased at the scene. New Zealand ADVERTISEMENT Former Hastings mayor 'deeply humbled' by New Year Honour Sandra Hazlehurst was the first female mayor of Hastings and led the city through transformational projects, including the championing of Flaxmere. New Zealand Olympic marathon pioneer Lorraine Moller named in New Year Honours The newly appointed ONZM looks back on a trailblazing career in the latest 1News Newsmakers. New Zealand 5:44 Dog missing after yacht capsizes in Northland Police were called to the incident near Elizabeth Reef at around 5.10pm. New Zealand Hundreds hunt for beloved runaway horse: 'worst nightmare' Auckland rider Erin Swainston knew she had to let go of the reins, or be crushed by her beloved horse when it lost its footing. New Zealand Person killed in New Year's Eve crash near Huntly The sole occupant of the vehicle was found deceased at the scene. New Zealand VIEW MORE NEW ZEALAND STORIES ADVERTISEMENT Sport VIEW MORE Cricket: A first for Amelia Kerr in big Blaze win A stunning century from White Fern Amelia Kerr has helped the Wellington Blaze to a 49-run-victory over the Auckland Hearts in the women's Super Smash. Cricket Kyrgios beats Sabalenka in latest Battle of the Sexes match There was laughing and joking between the players, some under-arm serves, over-the-top grunting on shots, and even some dancing from Sabalenka during the exhibition match. Tennis Former Black Cap Doug Bracewell retires from cricket Bracewell has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket, ending an 18-year career that saw him become one of New Zealand's most reliable allrounders. Cricket MCG pitch comes under scrutiny after two-day Ashes Test England completed a four-wicket win late on day two for their first test victory in the country in 15 years. Cricket Former All Blacks coach named in UK honours John Mitchell coached the All Blacks between 2001 and 2003 and has been England women's coach since 2023. New Zealand ADVERTISEMENT Cricket: A first for Amelia Kerr in big Blaze win A stunning century from White Fern Amelia Kerr has helped the Wellington Blaze to a 49-run-victory over the Auckland Hearts in the women's Super Smash. Cricket Kyrgios beats Sabalenka in latest Battle of the Sexes match There was laughing and joking between the players, some under-arm serves, over-the-top grunting on shots, and even some dancing from Sabalenka during the exhibition match. Tennis Former Black Cap Doug Bracewell retires from cricket Bracewell has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket, ending an 18-year career that saw him become one of New Zealand's most reliable allrounders. Cricket MCG pitch comes under scrutiny after two-day Ashes Test England completed a four-wicket win late on day two for their first test victory in the country in 15 years. Cricket Former All Blacks coach named in UK honours John Mitchell coached the All Blacks between 2001 and 2003 and has been England women's coach since 2023. New Zealand ADVERTISEMENT Cricket: A first for Amelia Kerr in big Blaze win A stunning century from White Fern Amelia Kerr has helped the Wellington Blaze to a 49-run-victory over the Auckland Hearts in the women's Super Smash. Cricket Kyrgios beats Sabalenka in latest Battle of the Sexes match There was laughing and joking between the players, some under-arm serves, over-the-top grunting on shots, and even some dancing from Sabalenka during the exhibition match. Tennis Former All Blacks coach named in UK honours John Mitchell coached the All Blacks between 2001 and 2003 and has been England women's coach since 2023. New Zealand Former Black Cap Doug Bracewell retires from cricket Bracewell has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket, ending an 18-year career that saw him become one of New Zealand's most reliable allrounders. Cricket MCG pitch comes under scrutiny after two-day Ashes Test England completed a four-wicket win late on day two for their first test victory in the country in 15 years. Cricket ADVERTISEMENT Former All Blacks coach named in UK honours John Mitchell coached the All Blacks between 2001 and 2003 and has been England women's coach since 2023. New Zealand Cricket: A first for Amelia Kerr in big Blaze win A stunning century from White Fern Amelia Kerr has helped the Wellington Blaze to a 49-run-victory over the Auckland Hearts in the women's Super Smash. Cricket Kyrgios beats Sabalenka in latest Battle of the Sexes match There was laughing and joking between the players, some under-arm serves, over-the-top grunting on shots, and even some dancing from Sabalenka during the exhibition match. Tennis Former Black Cap Doug Bracewell retires from cricket Bracewell has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket, ending an 18-year career that saw him become one of New Zealand's most reliable allrounders. Cricket MCG pitch comes under scrutiny after two-day Ashes Test England completed a four-wicket win late on day two for their first test victory in the country in 15 years. Cricket VIEW MORE SPORT STORIES ADVERTISEMENT 1News Recommends 1News Recommends VIEW MORE Nigel Latta fought painful demons before he achieved popularity, success In this chapter from his last book, the late great psychologist and presenter reveals his long-held belief that he was unlikeable. Explore Story Marokopa, Trump and Destiny Church - the stories that hit home in 2025 This year was packed with big stories, both from across the globe and here at home in Aotearoa. Explore Story Ancient waka discovery reveals hundreds of extraordinary artefacts When 23-year-old Nikau Dix set out for a beach walk last year, he wasn’t expecting to stumble upon one of the most significant archaeological finds in the Pacific. Explore Story The road rule Kiwis can't seem to follow – and why it matters Most read in 2025: Road safety experts want to see a cultural shift, especially as New Zealand constructs more multi-lane roads. Explore Story I knew my first sober Christmas would be tough – I had no idea how tough As Paulette Crowley prepares to celebrate her tenth Christmas without alcohol, she remembers the agony of the very first one and reflects on lessons from the past decade. Explore Story John Campbell on Destiny Church: ‘I’ve never encountered so much fear’ 2025's most read: John Campbell's Under His Command, a five-part investigation into Destiny Church and the women who live in its shadows. Explore Story '$30 left for the week': The families relying on charity for Xmas cheer Five families who walked through the Kindness Collective’s doors spoke to 1News about what brought them there. Explore Story 'I probably provoke it' - tackling tricky topics with family over the holidays Family festivities can bring nosy questions, unsolicited comments and topics you'd rather avoid. Here's how to handle them while keeping relationships in tact. Explore Story I broke up with God long ago – but it's complicated 2025’s most read stories: Catholicism is in my blood, if not my belief system, says Luis Portillo. Explore Story VIEW MORE 1NEWS RECOMMENDS STORIES What you need to know. 5pm every weekday. Popular Stories Watch: Auckland rings in 2026, fireworks light up Sky Tower Lasers, projections and more than 3500 fireworks lit up the CBD as the clock struck midnight in New Zealand's largest city. New Zealand New Zealand 12:25am 5:07 Renaming of Kennedy Centre prompts a new round of cancellations A new round of artists say they are cancelling scheduled performances after US President Donald Trump's name was added to the facility, prompting the institution's president to accuse the performers of making their decisions because of politics. World World Cable from historic Ōpiki Bridge falls into Manawatū River The fallen cable poses a serious risk to river users and Horizons Regional Council said it was too early to know when it would be removed. New Zealand New Zealand Sydney to Hobart drama as French crew penalised after breaking rules Overall honours have sensationally changed hands after the French-crewed first-placed yacht was penalised for breaking rules relating to sail use. Sport Sport Former Aussie cricket star in 'fight of his life' against meningitis Australia's cricket community is rallying around Damien Martyn after the cricket great was hospitalised suddenly in Brisbane. World World How living at home for longer is damaging young people New research suggests that young people staying at home longer may be saving on rent, but are "paying with their mental health" instead. Life Life Watch: Auckland rings in 2026, fireworks light up Sky Tower Lasers, projections and more than 3500 fireworks lit up the CBD as the clock struck midnight in New Zealand's largest city. New Zealand New Zealand 12:25am 5:07 Sydney to Hobart drama as French crew penalised after breaking rules Overall honours have sensationally changed hands after the French-crewed first-placed yacht was penalised for breaking rules relating to sail use. Sport Sport Renaming of Kennedy Centre prompts a new round of cancellations A new round of artists say they are cancelling scheduled performances after US President Donald Trump's name was added to the facility, prompting the institution's president to accuse the performers of making their decisions because of politics. World World Former Aussie cricket star in 'fight of his life' against meningitis Australia's cricket community is rallying around Damien Martyn after the cricket great was hospitalised suddenly in Brisbane. World World Cable from historic Ōpiki Bridge falls into Manawatū River The fallen cable poses a serious risk to river users and Horizons Regional Council said it was too early to know when it would be removed. New Zealand New Zealand How living at home for longer is damaging young people New research suggests that young people staying at home longer may be saving on rent, but are "paying with their mental health" instead. Life Life Life VIEW MORE How living at home for longer is damaging young people Cost of Living Sex, drugs and tragedy on the eastern slopes: the Polkinghorne trial changed NZ Arts and Culture As the year ends, I look back to my troubled homeland and miss it more than ever People Trying to improve your health and wellness in 2026? Keep it simple Health Nigel Latta fought painful demons before he achieved popularity, success People As the year ends, I look back to my troubled homeland and miss it more than ever People Trying to improve your health and wellness in 2026? Keep it simple Health Nigel Latta fought painful demons before he achieved popularity, success People How living at home for longer is damaging young people Cost of Living Sex, drugs and tragedy on the eastern slopes: the Polkinghorne trial changed NZ Arts and Culture As the year ends, I look back to my troubled homeland and miss it more than ever People How living at home for longer is damaging young people Cost of Living Sex, drugs and tragedy on the eastern slopes: the Polkinghorne trial changed NZ Arts and Culture Trying to improve your health and wellness in 2026? Keep it simple Health Nigel Latta fought painful demons before he achieved popularity, success People VIEW MORE World VIEW MORE Israel to halt operations of several aid organisations in Gaza from 2026 Israel says the humanitarian groups failed to comply with new registration rules, while aid agencies warn the move will cripple relief efforts in Gaza, where needs remain dire despite a fragile ceasefire. Head-on train crash near Peru's Machu Picchu kills one, injures dozens Machu Picchu gets around 1.5 million visitors per year, mostly arriving by train to the nearby town of Aguas Calientes. 0:47 Tatiana Schlossberg, granddaughter of JFK, dies at 35 Thieves drill into German bank vault, tens of millions worth stolen Concerns over roads after crash that injured Anthony Joshua, killed two Israel to halt operations of several aid organisations in Gaza from 2026 Israel says the humanitarian groups failed to comply with new registration rules, while aid agencies warn the move will cripple relief efforts in Gaza, where needs remain dire despite a fragile ceasefire. Head-on train crash near Peru's Machu Picchu kills one, injures dozens Machu Picchu gets around 1.5 million visitors per year, mostly arriving by train to the nearby town of Aguas Calientes. 0:47 Tatiana Schlossberg, granddaughter of JFK, dies at 35 Thieves drill into German bank vault, tens of millions worth stolen Concerns over roads after crash that injured Anthony Joshua, killed two Why China is holding military drills around Taiwan — and the history behind it Israel to halt operations of several aid organisations in Gaza from 2026 Israel says the humanitarian groups failed to comply with new registration rules, while aid agencies warn the move will cripple relief efforts in Gaza, where needs remain dire despite a fragile ceasefire. Head-on train crash near Peru's Machu Picchu kills one, injures dozens Machu Picchu gets around 1.5 million visitors per year, mostly arriving by train to the nearby town of Aguas Calientes. 0:47 Tatiana Schlossberg, granddaughter of JFK, dies at 35 Thieves drill into German bank vault, tens of millions worth stolen Concerns over roads after crash that injured Anthony Joshua, killed two VIEW MORE WORLD STORIES Business VIEW MORE Ten businesses that didn't survive 2025 While some commentators said in 2024 that businesses needed to focus on the mantra "survive til 2025", for some it was a case of battling to survive through the year, too. Business Foods with healthy-sounding buzzwords may be hiding loads of added sugar Here’s how to spot hidden sugars and what to do about it. Life Boxing Day buying tips: What to remember before a shopping spree Consumer NZ is urging people to do their homework, double check gift cards and know their rights ahead of Boxing Day sale frenzy. Business Two NZ fuel companies to merge, says it'll help drive down prices While still subject to Commerce Commission approval, the move would combine NPD and Gull sites, teams and supply chains to form the largest independent, majority Kiwi-owned fuel company. Business Rhythm and Vines dries out after soggy start After a soggy start, festivalgoers at Rhythm and Vines can expect to spend the next two days drying up in a gentle breeze. Business ADVERTISEMENT Ten businesses that didn't survive 2025 While some commentators said in 2024 that businesses needed to focus on the mantra "survive til 2025", for some it was a case of battling to survive through the year, too. Business Foods with healthy-sounding buzzwords may be hiding loads of added sugar Here’s how to spot hidden sugars and what to do about it. Life Boxing Day buying tips: What to remember before a shopping spree Consumer NZ is urging people to do their homework, double check gift cards and know their rights ahead of Boxing Day sale frenzy. Business Two NZ fuel companies to merge, says it'll help drive down prices While still subject to Commerce Commission approval, the move would combine NPD and Gull sites, teams and supply chains to form the largest independent, majority Kiwi-owned fuel company. Business Rhythm and Vines dries out after soggy start After a soggy start, festivalgoers at Rhythm and Vines can expect to spend the next two days drying up in a gentle breeze. Business ADVERTISEMENT Ten businesses that didn't survive 2025 While some commentators said in 2024 that businesses needed to focus on the mantra "survive til 2025", for some it was a case of battling to survive through the year, too. Business Foods with healthy-sounding buzzwords may be hiding loads of added sugar Here’s how to spot hidden sugars and what to do about it. Life Rhythm and Vines dries out after soggy start After a soggy start, festivalgoers at Rhythm and Vines can expect to spend the next two days drying up in a gentle breeze. Business Boxing Day buying tips: What to remember before a shopping spree Consumer NZ is urging people to do their homework, double check gift cards and know their rights ahead of Boxing Day sale frenzy. Business Two NZ fuel companies to merge, says it'll help drive down prices While still subject to Commerce Commission approval, the move would combine NPD and Gull sites, teams and supply chains to form the largest independent, majority Kiwi-owned fuel company. Business ADVERTISEMENT Rhythm and Vines dries out after soggy start After a soggy start, festivalgoers at Rhythm and Vines can expect to spend the next two days drying up in a gentle breeze. Business Ten businesses that didn't survive 2025 While some commentators said in 2024 that businesses needed to focus on the mantra "survive til 2025", for some it was a case of battling to survive through the year, too. Business Foods with healthy-sounding buzzwords may be hiding loads of added sugar Here’s how to spot hidden sugars and what to do about it. Life Boxing Day buying tips: What to remember before a shopping spree Consumer NZ is urging people to do their homework, double check gift cards and know their rights ahead of Boxing Day sale frenzy. Business Two NZ fuel companies to merge, says it'll help drive down prices While still subject to Commerce Commission approval, the move would combine NPD and Gull sites, teams and supply chains to form the largest independent, majority Kiwi-owned fuel company. Business VIEW MORE BUSINESS STORIES ADVERTISEMENT Politics VIEW MORE Grant Robertson: 'Jacinda's resolve was impressive and scary all at once' SUMMER READS: In this extract from his memoir, the former deputy prime minister remembers the tense days after the 2017 election, when Winston Peters held the power to choose which party would govern New Zealand. Life Luxon shares Christmas message, acknowledges 'tough year' for some Kiwis The Prime Minister thanked essential workers keeping the country running over Christmas. Politics Winston Peters on a mission to restore NZ's diplomatic 'mojo' You'd hardly know it, given how often he appears in the media, but the Foreign Affairs Minister has done some serious air miles this year. Politics NZ secures free trade deal with India, signing expected next year Prime Minister Christopher Luxon has hailed the agreement as a "massive moment" for the country, but New Zealand First leader Winston Peters says its a "bad deal" and has vowed to oppose enabling legislation. Business Jacinda Ardern on her cancer scare and a chilling public bathroom encounter 2025’s most read: As Dame Jacinda’s much-anticipated memoir came out, she spoke to Seven Sharp’s Hilary Barry about the political and the personal. Politics ADVERTISEMENT Grant Robertson: 'Jacinda's resolve was impressive and scary all at once' SUMMER READS: In this extract from his memoir, the former deputy prime minister remembers the tense days after the 2017 election, when Winston Peters held the power to choose which party would govern New Zealand. Life Luxon shares Christmas message, acknowledges 'tough year' for some Kiwis The Prime Minister thanked essential workers keeping the country running over Christmas. Politics Winston Peters on a mission to restore NZ's diplomatic 'mojo' You'd hardly know it, given how often he appears in the media, but the Foreign Affairs Minister has done some serious air miles this year. Politics NZ secures free trade deal with India, signing expected next year Prime Minister Christopher Luxon has hailed the agreement as a "massive moment" for the country, but New Zealand First leader Winston Peters says its a "bad deal" and has vowed to oppose enabling legislation. Business Jacinda Ardern on her cancer scare and a chilling public bathroom encounter 2025’s most read: As Dame Jacinda’s much-anticipated memoir came out, she spoke to Seven Sharp’s Hilary Barry about the political and the personal. Politics ADVERTISEMENT Grant Robertson: 'Jacinda's resolve was impressive and scary all at once' SUMMER READS: In this extract from his memoir, the former deputy prime minister remembers the tense days after the 2017 election, when Winston Peters held the power to choose which party would govern New Zealand. Life Luxon shares Christmas message, acknowledges 'tough year' for some Kiwis The Prime Minister thanked essential workers keeping the country running over Christmas. Politics Jacinda Ardern on her cancer scare and a chilling public bathroom encounter 2025’s most read: As Dame Jacinda’s much-anticipated memoir came out, she spoke to Seven Sharp’s Hilary Barry about the political and the personal. Politics Winston Peters on a mission to restore NZ's diplomatic 'mojo' You'd hardly know it, given how often he appears in the media, but the Foreign Affairs Minister has done some serious air miles this year. Politics NZ secures free trade deal with India, signing expected next year Prime Minister Christopher Luxon has hailed the agreement as a "massive moment" for the country, but New Zealand First leader Winston Peters says its a "bad deal" and has vowed to oppose enabling legislation. Business ADVERTISEMENT Jacinda Ardern on her cancer scare and a chilling public bathroom encounter 2025’s most read: As Dame Jacinda’s much-anticipated memoir came out, she spoke to Seven Sharp’s Hilary Barry about the political and the personal. Politics Grant Robertson: 'Jacinda's resolve was impressive and scary all at once' SUMMER READS: In this extract from his memoir, the former deputy prime minister remembers the tense days after the 2017 election, when Winston Peters held the power to choose which party would govern New Zealand. Life Luxon shares Christmas message, acknowledges 'tough year' for some Kiwis The Prime Minister thanked essential workers keeping the country running over Christmas. Politics Winston Peters on a mission to restore NZ's diplomatic 'mojo' You'd hardly know it, given how often he appears in the media, but the Foreign Affairs Minister has done some serious air miles this year. Politics NZ secures free trade deal with India, signing expected next year Prime Minister Christopher Luxon has hailed the agreement as a "massive moment" for the country, but New Zealand First leader Winston Peters says its a "bad deal" and has vowed to oppose enabling legislation. Business VIEW MORE POLITICS STORIES ADVERTISEMENT Te Ao Māori VIEW MORE Ancient waka discovery reveals hundreds of extraordinary artefacts When 23-year-old Nikau Dix set out for a beach walk last year, he wasn’t expecting to stumble upon one of the most significant archaeological finds in the Pacific. Te Ao Māori 4:13 'Beyond saddened': A year of law changes impacting Māori Major law changes implemented in 2025 have seen a decrease in public sector obligations and initiatives for Māori rights, development and wellbeing, critics say. Te Ao Māori Nelson Tenths: Land returned to descendants in NZ's oldest property dispute About 7583 acres (3068 hectares) of land at the top of the South Island will be restored to descendants of its original Māori owners after a long-standing private litigation. Te Ao Māori ‘Inequity gaps will widen’ - school stands firm on Treaty commitment With 70% of schools pledging to honour Te Tiriti, this Auckland kura explains why it won’t back down. Te Ao Māori 'It tested us' – the Tipenes on pain, joy and a new series 2025’s most read: Francis and Kaiora Tipene get frank about two years of extreme highs and lows. Life ADVERTISEMENT Ancient waka discovery reveals hundreds of extraordinary artefacts When 23-year-old Nikau Dix set out for a beach walk last year, he wasn’t expecting to stumble upon one of the most significant archaeological finds in the Pacific. Te Ao Māori 4:13 'Beyond saddened': A year of law changes impacting Māori Major law changes implemented in 2025 have seen a decrease in public sector obligations and initiatives for Māori rights, development and wellbeing, critics say. Te Ao Māori Nelson Tenths: Land returned to descendants in NZ's oldest property dispute About 7583 acres (3068 hectares) of land at the top of the South Island will be restored to descendants of its original Māori owners after a long-standing private litigation. Te Ao Māori ‘Inequity gaps will widen’ - school stands firm on Treaty commitment With 70% of schools pledging to honour Te Tiriti, this Auckland kura explains why it won’t back down. Te Ao Māori 'It tested us' – the Tipenes on pain, joy and a new series 2025’s most read: Francis and Kaiora Tipene get frank about two years of extreme highs and lows. Life ADVERTISEMENT Ancient waka discovery reveals hundreds of extraordinary artefacts When 23-year-old Nikau Dix set out for a beach walk last year, he wasn’t expecting to stumble upon one of the most significant archaeological finds in the Pacific. Te Ao Māori 4:13 'Beyond saddened': A year of law changes impacting Māori Major law changes implemented in 2025 have seen a decrease in public sector obligations and initiatives for Māori rights, development and wellbeing, critics say. Te Ao Māori 'It tested us' – the Tipenes on pain, joy and a new series 2025’s most read: Francis and Kaiora Tipene get frank about two years of extreme highs and lows. Life Nelson Tenths: Land returned to descendants in NZ's oldest property dispute About 7583 acres (3068 hectares) of land at the top of the South Island will be restored to descendants of its original Māori owners after a long-standing private litigation. Te Ao Māori ‘Inequity gaps will widen’ - school stands firm on Treaty commitment With 70% of schools pledging to honour Te Tiriti, this Auckland kura explains why it won’t back down. Te Ao Māori ADVERTISEMENT 'It tested us' – the Tipenes on pain, joy and a new series 2025’s most read: Francis and Kaiora Tipene get frank about two years of extreme highs and lows. Life Ancient waka discovery reveals hundreds of extraordinary artefacts When 23-year-old Nikau Dix set out for a beach walk last year, he wasn’t expecting to stumble upon one of the most significant archaeological finds in the Pacific. Te Ao Māori 4:13 'Beyond saddened': A year of law changes impacting Māori Major law changes implemented in 2025 have seen a decrease in public sector obligations and initiatives for Māori rights, development and wellbeing, critics say. Te Ao Māori Nelson Tenths: Land returned to descendants in NZ's oldest property dispute About 7583 acres (3068 hectares) of land at the top of the South Island will be restored to descendants of its original Māori owners after a long-standing private litigation. Te Ao Māori ‘Inequity gaps will widen’ - school stands firm on Treaty commitment With 70% of schools pledging to honour Te Tiriti, this Auckland kura explains why it won’t back down. Te Ao Māori VIEW MORE TE AO MĀORI STORIES ADVERTISEMENT Latest from Re: News VIEW MORE 'I can't survive on $55 a week': Benefit cut due to hospital stay 2025’s most read stories: If a person spends more than 13 weeks in hospital, their benefit is automatically cut. ‘Inequity gaps will widen’ - school stands firm on Treaty commitment With 70% of schools pledging to honour Te Tiriti, this Auckland kura explains why it won’t back down. Uni halls were a rite of passage, now they’re a financial headache Women warned over meds with high risk for serious birth defects Govt's puberty blockers decision holding up ‘life or death’ health guidelines 'I can't survive on $55 a week': Benefit cut due to hospital stay 2025’s most read stories: If a person spends more than 13 weeks in hospital, their benefit is automatically cut. ‘Inequity gaps will widen’ - school stands firm on Treaty commitment With 70% of schools pledging to honour Te Tiriti, this Auckland kura explains why it won’t back down. Uni halls were a rite of passage, now they’re a financial headache Women warned over meds with high risk for serious birth defects Govt's puberty blockers decision holding up ‘life or death’ health guidelines ‘Home isn’t safe’: Jobseeker changes could impact rainbow rangatahi 'I can't survive on $55 a week': Benefit cut due to hospital stay 2025’s most read stories: If a person spends more than 13 weeks in hospital, their benefit is automatically cut. ‘Inequity gaps will widen’ - school stands firm on Treaty commitment With 70% of schools pledging to honour Te Tiriti, this Auckland kura explains why it won’t back down. Uni halls were a rite of passage, now they’re a financial headache Women warned over meds with high risk for serious birth defects Govt's puberty blockers decision holding up ‘life or death’ health guidelines View more re: news stories Entertainment VIEW MORE French actor Brigitte Bardot dies at 91 Bardot died last night at her home in southern France, according to Bruno Jacquelin, of the Brigitte Bardot Foundation for the protection of animals. Acclaimed Kiwi actor at forefront of effort to protect artists from AI Jennifer Ward-Lealand told 1News reporter Simon Mercep how she's fighting for actors' rights. 3:05 Perry Bamonte, guitarist and keyboardist for The Cure, dies at 65 Bitter feuds and a beloved cartoon dog - the shows we watched in 2025 Major EDM festival coming to Wellington reveals headline acts French actor Brigitte Bardot dies at 91 Bardot died last night at her home in southern France, according to Bruno Jacquelin, of the Brigitte Bardot Foundation for the protection of animals. Acclaimed Kiwi actor at forefront of effort to protect artists from AI Jennifer Ward-Lealand told 1News reporter Simon Mercep how she's fighting for actors' rights. 3:05 Perry Bamonte, guitarist and keyboardist for The Cure, dies at 65 Bitter feuds and a beloved cartoon dog - the shows we watched in 2025 Major EDM festival coming to Wellington reveals headline acts Actor James Ransone dies age 46 French actor Brigitte Bardot dies at 91 Bardot died last night at her home in southern France, according to Bruno Jacquelin, of the Brigitte Bardot Foundation for the protection of animals. Acclaimed Kiwi actor at forefront of effort to protect artists from AI Jennifer Ward-Lealand told 1News reporter Simon Mercep how she's fighting for actors' rights. 3:05 Perry Bamonte, guitarist and keyboardist for The Cure, dies at 65 Bitter feuds and a beloved cartoon dog - the shows we watched in 2025 Major EDM festival coming to Wellington reveals headline acts VIEW MORE ENTERTAINMENT STORIES Environment VIEW MORE Council's bold plans to fix Queenstown's troubled wastewater network The Queenstown Lakes District Council was fined $235,000 in June over concerns with the facilities. Environment 2:21 80-year-old man saved by a family after collapsing during tramp Police were alerted around 10pm Sunday after the man failed to return from his walk and was reported missing. Environment Rāhui in place for part of Tongariro National Park after death Police said a man became unresponsive while walking the Taranaki Falls Track. Environment More hornets expected over summer, public urged to remain vigilant "We encourage all Aucklanders to be on the lookout for these hornets in and around their homes and also on their walks through our reserves and native bush," said North Shore councillor Richard Hills. Environment Scientists investigate venomous spider 'hotspots' in NZ Researchers are investigating "hotspots" of a venomous spider throughout the country this summer. Environment ADVERTISEMENT Council's bold plans to fix Queenstown's troubled wastewater network The Queenstown Lakes District Council was fined $235,000 in June over concerns with the facilities. Environment 2:21 80-year-old man saved by a family after collapsing during tramp Police were alerted around 10pm Sunday after the man failed to return from his walk and was reported missing. Environment Rāhui in place for part of Tongariro National Park after death Police said a man became unresponsive while walking the Taranaki Falls Track. Environment More hornets expected over summer, public urged to remain vigilant "We encourage all Aucklanders to be on the lookout for these hornets in and around their homes and also on their walks through our reserves and native bush," said North Shore councillor Richard Hills. Environment Scientists investigate venomous spider 'hotspots' in NZ Researchers are investigating "hotspots" of a venomous spider throughout the country this summer. Environment ADVERTISEMENT Council's bold plans to fix Queenstown's troubled wastewater network The Queenstown Lakes District Council was fined $235,000 in June over concerns with the facilities. Environment 2:21 80-year-old man saved by a family after collapsing during tramp Police were alerted around 10pm Sunday after the man failed to return from his walk and was reported missing. Environment Scientists investigate venomous spider 'hotspots' in NZ Researchers are investigating "hotspots" of a venomous spider throughout the country this summer. Environment Rāhui in place for part of Tongariro National Park after death Police said a man became unresponsive while walking the Taranaki Falls Track. Environment More hornets expected over summer, public urged to remain vigilant "We encourage all Aucklanders to be on the lookout for these hornets in and around their homes and also on their walks through our reserves and native bush," said North Shore councillor Richard Hills. Environment ADVERTISEMENT Scientists investigate venomous spider 'hotspots' in NZ Researchers are investigating "hotspots" of a venomous spider throughout the country this summer. Environment Council's bold plans to fix Queenstown's troubled wastewater network The Queenstown Lakes District Council was fined $235,000 in June over concerns with the facilities. Environment 2:21 80-year-old man saved by a family after collapsing during tramp Police were alerted around 10pm Sunday after the man failed to return from his walk and was reported missing. Environment Rāhui in place for part of Tongariro National Park after death Police said a man became unresponsive while walking the Taranaki Falls Track. Environment More hornets expected over summer, public urged to remain vigilant "We encourage all Aucklanders to be on the lookout for these hornets in and around their homes and also on their walks through our reserves and native bush," said North Shore councillor Richard Hills. Environment VIEW MORE ENVIRONMENT STORIES ADVERTISEMENT Explore TVNZ TVNZ+ TVNZ 1 TVNZ 2 TVNZ DUKE TV Guide Live TV 1News Editorial policy Funding Te reo Māori use Comment moderation Generative AI Corporate About TVNZ Careers Sales & Advertising Blacksand Licensing More TVNZ Contact Us Help & FAQs House Rules Privacy Policy The Green Room Follow 1News 1News Apps © TVNZ 2025