1RPC.io - Zero-trace relays for Web3 privacy Access 39+ verified LLMs with 1RPC.ai 1RPC.ai is live. Access 39+ verified AI models with TEE-protected relays. Who What Pricing FAQ Ecosystem Why Docs Meet 1RPC+ TEE-attested relay for agents and Web3 Cryptographic guarantees to protect your privacy and verify your agents Browse All “Incorporate TEE-based RPC privacy into existing wallets as a short-term mitigation. Automata has a version of this already...this allows users to interact with RPC nodes while getting stronger assurances that their private data is not being collected.” Vitalik Buterin A maximally simple L1 privacy roadmap Networks 64 + Relays Protected 49.1 Billion 49.1 B Users 9 Million 9 M Burn after relaying Zero-tracking infra Metadata masking 1RPC lets AI work for you, not against you Put privacy on autopilot with the one relay that secures your connection with Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) Web3 relay AI is only getting better Modern AI systems are improving every day. Surveillance at scale is no longer gated by cost, access, or institutional power. Web3 relay Metadata leaks are not Metadata leaks persist before the transaction is ever published onchain. Signals are often observed by infrastructure providers. Web3 relay Inference is instant and always-on AI can correlate leaked metadata with mechanical accuracy. For example, wallets can be clustered based on timing and intent. Web3 relay Verify every Web3 connection 1RPC runs all relayer logic inside a TEE so a user's private metadata is never logged or leaked to the host or RPC provider. AI Subagents AI agents are only getting easier AI agents are becoming easier to create, deploy, and automate. What once required teams now takes a prompt. AI Subagents Agent verifiability is not Most AI agents run without audits or proof of behaviour. Agentic actions and outputs cannot be cryptographically verified. AI Subagents A nation of rogue AI agents Without verifiable execution, users cannot prove the honesty of their digital serfs. This risk compounds with high-stakes decisions. AI Subagents Authenticate every agentic action 1RPC AI Subagents enforce execution within a TEE module so user requests are handled exactly as intended, and verifiably so. Web3 relay AI is only getting better Modern AI systems are improving every day. Surveillance at scale is no longer gated by cost, access, or institutional power. AI Subagents AI agents are only getting easier AI agents are becoming easier to create, deploy, and automate. What once required teams now takes a prompt. Web3 relay Metadata leaks are not Metadata leaks persist before the transaction is ever published onchain. Signals are often observed by infrastructure providers. AI Subagents Agent verifiability is not Most AI agents run without audits or proof of behaviour. Agentic actions and outputs cannot be cryptographically verified. Web3 relay Inference is instant and always-on AI can correlate leaked metadata with mechanical accuracy. For example, wallets can be clustered based on timing and intent. AI Subagents A nation of rogue AI agents Without verifiable execution, users cannot prove the honesty of their digital serfs. This risk compounds with high-stakes decisions. Web3 relay Verify every Web3 connection 1RPC runs all relayer logic inside a TEE so a user's private metadata is never logged or leaked to the host or RPC provider. AI Subagents Authenticate every agentic action 1RPC AI Subagents enforce execution within a TEE module so user requests are handled exactly as intended, and verifiably so. There's a match for everyone 1RPC will always be free. Dive deeper with our Plus Plans and do more with premium features. Monthly Annually USD public One-click connection to Web3 for privacy-conscious users Free 10, 000 requests/day Privacy-protected-relays Best-effort uptime Support for 55+ networks Multi-region coverage Get 1RPC starter Custom API keys for early-stage builders and developers Free 20, 000 requests/day Custom API key Privacy-protected relays Best-effort uptime Support for 55+ networks Multi-region coverage Upgrade personal Editor's choice Premium access with higher limits and added protections $8.33 / month 40, 000 requests/day Custom API key Transaction sanitizers 99.9% Uptime SLA Privacy-protected relays Support for 55+ networks Multi-region coverage Upgrade developer Full-featured plan for scale, control, and testnet support $24.99 / month 100, 000 requests/day Custom API key Transaction sanitizers 99.9% Uptime SLA Testnet support Privacy-protected relays Support for 55+ networks Multi-region coverage Upgrade public One-click connection to Web3 for privacy-conscious users Free 10, 000 requests/day Privacy-protected-relays Best-effort uptime Support for 55+ networks Multi-region coverage Get 1RPC starter Custom API keys for early-stage builders and developers Free 20, 000 requests/day Custom API key Privacy-protected relays Best-effort uptime Support for 55+ networks Multi-region coverage Upgrade personal Editor's choice Premium access with higher limits and added protections $8.33 / month 40, 000 requests/day Custom API key Transaction sanitizers 99.9% Uptime SLA Privacy-protected relays Support for 55+ networks Multi-region coverage Upgrade developer Full-featured plan for scale, control, and testnet support $24.99 / month 100, 000 requests/day Custom API key Transaction sanitizers 99.9% Uptime SLA Testnet support Privacy-protected relays Support for 55+ networks Multi-region coverage Upgrade Frequently asked questions Questions? Reactions? Chat with us What is 1RPC? 1RPC.io is a TEE-attested relay to protect user privacy and verify AI agents. It ensures zero-tracking by eradicating machine-level metadata from user requests across 64+ networks. Through AI Subagents, the relay also enforces verifiable execution to keep agents honest. What is a TEE-attested relay? A TEE, or Trusted Execution Environment, prevents code and data being loaded within the enclave from both tampering and observation. Running the RPC relay within a TEE ensures metadata privacy (e.g. IP addresses timing, device fingerprints) for onchain interactions such as queries and transactions. This, along with attestation mechanisms to verify the enclave, can practically improve the state of privacy experienced by Web3 users. What are AI Subagents? AI Subagents are TEE-based execution modules that enforce strict boundaries between the LLM's reasoning and action. Every action must pass through a Subagent which ensures only authorized, auditable logic can be executed. How do I get started with 1RPC? Click on a supported network to instantly spin up a privacy-protected RPC connection to your favorite blockchain. We also encourage you to sign in with 1RPC+ (free on the Starter plan!) to generate your own custom API key for tailored usage and higher rate limits. About Blog Knowledge Base Careers Brand Kit Build DCAP Dashboard Documentation Block Explorer Bridge Builder Grants Explore 1RPC.ai Proof of Machinehood Faucets L2 Faucet Sepolia Faucet Hoodi Faucet Connect Events Awesome Automata Privacy Policy · Copyright © 2025 Automata · Status