24.com - Committed to creating innovation Who we are What we do Our Team Join us Insights / Innovations Who we are What we do Our Team Join us Insights / Innovations Contact us Committed to creating innovation We believe that technology should improve and simplify our lives. 24.com is committed to creating innovative digital infrastructure to facilitate the stories that matter most. Play Who we are As the developers of leading South African digital publishing brands across the web, 24.com is driven by our commitment to innovation and technology across our four main divisions, which include Advertising Technology, Mobile App Engineering, Web Engineering and Data Science. We focus on developing and using cutting-edge technologies to enhance our offerings and create new opportunities for engagement with our audiences. Find out more What we do By constantly pushing the boundaries of what is possible, 24.com aims to stay ahead of the curve and lead the way in South Africa’s digital media landscape. We dedicate ourselves to the creation, maintenance and sustainability of our partner online platforms. Our expansive portfolio of sites aims to provide local audiences with a diverse range of content, from breaking news to expert opinions and helpful information, reaching millions across the globe. Find out more Building a digital news organisation Our Tech News24 and its family of news sites attract millions of readers and our audience views, on average, over 10,5 million pages daily – the most in South Africa by a large margin (IAB South Africa). Their success grows from creating high-quality, trustworthy and timely content – ‘Trusted News. First’ is the News24 slogan – and behind the scenes, 24.com ensures they are also first in using fit-for-purpose technology. Read more about our tech Insights / Innovations We keep our fingers on the pulse of the ever-evolving world of technology, from the newest software to the most cutting-edge of breakthroughs. We are inspired by the idea of using technology and media to connect people and foster community. Find out more Our World 24.com shares the top tech trends of 2025 Creativity, craftiness and clever coding defined our first-ever AI hackathon. 

We’re no strangers to artificial intelligence at 24.com, but the advances in the technology have presented so many more opportunities to play. And play we did when we challenged ourselves during our first AI-focused hackathon – with spectacular results. Our People A Day in the Life of a Product Manager: Nivani Bhimsan Product Manager Nivani Bhimsan is driven by her desire to make an impact on people’s lives. With the world of AI creating new avenues to do so, Nivani is using every opportunity to learn and grow. Here, she takes us through the ins and outs of her role at 24.com, and her work at their first-ever AI hackathon. Our Tech Innovation unleashed: 24.com’s AI hackathon success Creativity, craftiness and clever coding defined our first-ever AI hackathon. 

We’re no strangers to artificial intelligence at 24.com, but the advances in the technology have presented so many more opportunities to play. And play we did when we challenged ourselves during our first AI-focused hackathon – with spectacular results. What our people say about us: I love working with a great team of people that share the same love for technology, and we can effectively work from anywhere in the country. Kevin Prior Solutions Architect I love that we work on maintaining the most accessible news site in South Africa. We keep people informed more than any other company. Adam Katz Mobile Developer We at 24.com put time, effort and love into what we do -  and we do it with attention to detail. I am grateful to be a part of such a wonderful team. Bradshaw Abrahams Digital Production Quality Assurer The work we do in IT creates the platform that news editors need to tell the important stories we need to read, see and listen to every day. Johan Opperman Senior QA Automation and Testing I love the company culture, the flexibility in working and the care they show towards the employees. Chaitanya Dasari .Net Developer I love the people I work with - they have great attitudes and are always willing to assist each other. Keanen Van Diemen Software Engineering Lead Web The work that each of us does is important as it adds to overall improvements in the company and the data we collect can be used for business decisions. Shivesh Ramlall Data Engineer I've always maintained it's the people that keep me going at 24.com. We inspire and support each other, stay positive during difficult times and maintain a great sense of humour. Nico-Ben de Villiers Software Engineering Lead Mobile Apps 24.com helps to better people's lives through technology. Tech is the future and 24.com makes this happen for media24.com. Gladys Phillips Support Technician I love that each project is different and that we keep learning and evolving throughout our career at 24.com. Roxanne Williams Head of UX Design From our leadership team down, people will always have the highest priority. I am inspired by my colleagues, their knowledge and abilities. Eldon Swart Software Engineering Lead Web Free and independent media is the backbone of democracy and the work we do furthers the democratic cause. Ryno Coetzee .Net Developer We enable a sustainable media business which keeps independent journalism alive in South Africa. It has been an exciting journey filled with many great experiences. Pieter Gerber Head of Core Platforms & Architecture I love the people that I work with - they feel like family. The team inspires me and I love the type of work I do. I find my work very inspiring and interesting. Debbie Walters Digital Production Quality Assurer I love working on the technical challenges that come with hosting a website for the public interest, while still being able to innovate with the latest technologies. Eduard de Klerk Solutions Architect The diverse culture and technologies of Media24, touch the lives of millions of people and as such we at 24.com always strive to make technology inclusive for everyone. Leon Nortje Head of DevOps Creating sites where millions of people can just pick up a phone and know exactly what's going on in the country is an amazing thing that can't be understated. Truan Frames .NET Developer In creating superb user experiences, creating subscription products to existing digital products and doing so have unlocked additional opportunities for 24.com. Reza Abrahams Project Manager I work in a creative and supportive team that always strives to create the best product possible. Mishka Hendricks UX Designer 24.com implements a business model that facilitates sustainable general access to independent journalism, which serves the public interest. Timothy Berwyn-Taylor .NET Developer At 24.com there is a mutual respect embedded in our division and our leadership team goes above and beyond to ensure that the team can remain focussed on the task at hand. Reeza Odendaal Lead Product Manager The data we process tell stories that can help the whole of 24.com and stakeholders to use it in a way that adds so much value to the whole company. Monica Mayeka Cloud Data Engineer Start your career with us Join us Want to work with us? Get in touch and start your career with 24.com Copyright © 2025 24.com | Vulnerability Disclosure | Privacy Policy Menu Who we are What we do Our Team Join us Insights / Innovations Who we are What we do Our Team Join us Insights / Innovations Contact us