Gym Memberships and Personal Training  | 24 Hour Fitness $59.99 Annual Fee required. Select Memberships. Restrictions apply. Click for details Click for details *Offer valid on Platinum and Gold Commitment monthly memberships. Selected club of enrollment must be within 50 miles of purchaser's residence. Commitment memberships are non-cancelable and non-refundable within the commitment period, except as provided in the membership agreement. Pay $1 initiation fee at time of enrollment; first month's dues are waived. $59.99 Annual Fee is in addition to the monthly dues and will be billed by preauthorized electronic transfer (EFT) on the 15th day after the date of enrollment and annually thereafter. Pay monthly dues by preauthorized electronic transfer (EFT) beginning with 2nd month of enrollment. Taxes may apply. Commitment Monthly payment memberships are subject to dues increases every 12 months. Platinum memberships include one (1) Buddy Pass. Member may designate one (1) individual as their Buddy to bring with them each visit to work out together. Member may change their designated Buddy once every six (6) months. Designated buddy must show Photo ID and sign a waiver before entering the facility. Member must be always present with their buddy. Should member cancel their membership the designated Buddy Pass user will no longer have access to facilities. Certain services and amenities not available for Buddy Pass users. Access depends on membership purchased; Gold memberships includes access to all 24 Hour Fitness® clubs within the designated region. Platinum memberships allow access to all 24 Hour Fitness clubs. Offer not valid for current members. No other discounts with this offer. Restrictions may apply. Offer may expire without prior notice. Must be 18 years old or 12 with parent. Facilities, classes, and amenities vary per location. Membership agreement does not include group or individual training, specialized classes, or special services that are subject to separate agreements with 24 Hour and may require payment of a fee. The 24GO® app is free to download and use. Message and data rates may apply. Access to select 24GO® content and functionality is available with certain 24 Hour Fitness® memberships or otherwise may require an additional fee. See clubs for hours and individual pricing. Exclusions and restrictions apply. Texas Health Studio #080501. © 2026 24 Hour Fitness USA, LLC, P.O. Box 2689, Carlsbad, CA 92018. x close FIND YOUR STRENGTH- CHECK PRICES AMENITIES From basketball to lap pools, find the right gym for you. 240 + LOCATIONS Find yours today, from coast to coast. FREE MOBILE APP Over 2,000 workouts anytime, anywhere. MEMBERSHIP PLATINUM MEMBERSHIP Live Your Best Life, Anytime, Anywhere Stay connected to what makes you happy. Our top-of-the-line fitness membership leaves nothing to chance - with access to our hundreds of clubs nationwide. GOLD MEMBERSHIP Classes, Pools & More - at More Locations Level up your game and your motivation with access to premium amenities and exciting GX24®studio classes - at any location throughout your region. SILVER MEMBERSHIP* Weights & Cardio at One Club Get in and get fit with access to all the cardio and strength training equipment you could dream of at your club of enrollment. *Only available in select locations. LEARN MORE TRY US FREE REWARDS LEARN MORE Company About Us Careers Site Map Press Room Restructure Media Hotline: (866) 819-7414 Resources Contact Us Team Members Member Services FAQ Our Policy Terms of Use Membership Policies In-Club Privacy Policy SMS Text Policy Website Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Follow Us Live Healthy Everywhere with our 24GO®App © 24 Hour Fitness USA, LLC. All rights reserved.