Captcha Solver: reCAPTCHA solver and captcha solving service. Bypass captchas using the best auto captcha solver online API - 2Captcha Sorry, this site does not work without JS, enable it please or update browser version. Captcha solver Popular captchas reCAPTCHA V2 reCAPTCHA V2 Callback reCAPTCHA V2 Invisible reCAPTCHA V3 reCAPTCHA Enterprise Cloudflare Turnstile Arkose Labs (FunCaptcha) Normal Captcha Image Captcha Amazon Captcha Other captchas Close captcha menu GeeTest Audio Captcha Russian Captcha MTCaptcha Number Captcha Text Captcha Lemin Captcha Chinese Captcha Rotate Captcha Friendly Captcha DataDome Math Captcha Click Captcha Slider Captcha Cutcaptcha Tencent Captcha ALTCHA Temu Captcha Capy Puzzle atbCAPTCHA Prosopo Procaptcha CaptchaFox VK Captcha Entry job API Proxy Software Blog Sign up Log in Toggle site navigation menu Сaptcha solving service API clients: Python , PHP , Java , viеw more #1 captcha solver on GitHub 24/7 tech support Use the API key in the software Quick Start Captcha entry work Captcha typing job Work from home Earn money without registration fees Daily payment Start earning Order сaptchas: types and prices The server load does not affect the price Pay only for solved captchas 99.9%  uptime Сaptcha type Useful links Price per 1000 Solving speed Free capacity, per minute Image Captcha How to solve Demo $0.5 — $1 Price per 1000 0 sec. Solving speed 12,000 Free capacity, per minute reCAPTCHA V2 How to solve Demo $1 — $2.99 Price per 1000 0 sec. Solving speed 11,273 Free capacity, per minute Arkose Labs captcha (FunCaptcha) How to solve $1.45 — $50 Price per 1000 0 sec. Solving speed 578 Free capacity, per minute GeeTest CAPTCHA How to solve Demo $2.99 Price per 1000 0 sec. Solving speed 3,765 Free capacity, per minute Cloudflare Turnstile How to solve Demo $1.45 Price per 1000 0 sec. Solving speed 2,883 Free capacity, per minute Amazon Captcha How to solve $1.45 Price per 1000 0 sec. Solving speed 5,632 Free capacity, per minute Show more Captcha solver API Easily use solver API to bypass captchas with high accuracy. Developer uploads captcha Service returns captcha ID Service distributes captcha to a worker Worker solves the captcha Developer requests the answer using the ID Documentation for developers Detailed documentation on how to interact with the API, along with example requests, is available on captcha solver API page and GitHub repository. View all SDK Code examples Python captcha solver PHP captcha solver Ruby captcha solver Java captcha solver Golang captcha solver C# captcha solver JavaScript captcha solver To make life easier for developers, we've put together dedicated pages for all the popular programming languages. These pages include code examples for bypassing major captcha types, along with download links for libraries, a standard error handler, and detailed descriptions of all the parameters needed to configure the script packages. Captcha solving scripts reCAPTCHA solver: auto bypass Google captcha Bypass Google CAPTCHA using an automatic and fast reCAPTCHA solver. The API documentation contains examples of requests and responses. For the convenience of using the service, we have published libraries on GitHub for programming languages: Python, Java, C#, C++, Javascript, Ruby, PHP, and Ruby. We have also developed code examples for automatically solving reCAPTCHAs using tools like Selenium and Puppeteer. Supported: reCAPTCHA Enterprise reCAPTCHA V2 reCAPTCHA V2 Callback reCAPTCHA V2 Invisible reCAPTCHA V3 The Chrome browser extension allows you to skip reCAPTCHAs directly in the browser. This extension automates the process of solving reCAPTCHA, making it easier and faster for users to bypass these verifications. Captcha bypass extension This plugins allows you to automatically solve CAPTCHAs found on any webpage Chrome captcha bypass extension Add to Chrome Firefox captcha bypass extension Add to Firefox Edge captcha bypass extension Add to Edge Opera captcha bypass extension Coming soon Integration with software Use the API key to bypass captcha in software. The service is integrated into 4500+ software. To start, just enter the key in your software. See all software Handling captcha during automated testing APIs can integrate with captcha solving service to automate CAPTCHA bypass during browser automation tasks. This includes handling reCAPTCHA and other CAPTCHA types in tools like Selenium, Puppeteer, Playwright, Cypress, Selenide, Beautiful Soup, Appium, Postman, Nightwatch, WebdriverIO, Cheerio, TestCafe, Spawn, Protractor, and Scrapy. Selenium Captcha bypassing for Selenium: Selenium captcha solver Manual: How to solve reCAPTCHA in Selenium Puppeteer Automate captcha bypass in Puppeteer: Puppeteer captcha solver Manual: How to solve reCAPTCHA in Puppeteer Accessibility Captchas often present accessibility challenges for users with disabilities, such as visual impairments or cognitive difficulties. Captcha solver help automate the process of solving captchas by leveraging techniques like machine learning, and human-bases solutions. Accessibility and captcha Supported captchas We’ve made it easy to integrate our products into your system, offering a quick and easy start to your web project with support for multiple programming languages and ready-to-use code examples. Normal Captcha reCAPTCHA V2 Arkose Labs captcha (FunCaptcha) GeeTest Cloudflare Turnstile Capy Puzzle CAPTCHA Lemin Amazon Captcha Text Captcha Click Captcha Show more The process of solving a normal captcha is as follows: we take the captcha image from the page and send it to the 2Captcha service, where an employee solves it typing the indicated text, then the answer is returned to us, which must be entered in the appropriate field to solve the captcha API demo How to solve The process of solving reCAPTCHA V2 is as follows: we take the captcha parameters from the page in the form of the data-sitekey parameter and the page URL and transfer it to the 2Captcha service, where the employee solves it, then the response is returned to us in the form of a token, which must be entered into the appropriate field for the solution captcha API demo How to solve The process of solving FunCaptcha by Arkose Labs is as follows: we take a set of necessary parameters from the page of its placement and transfer it to the 2Captcha service, where the employee solves it, after which the answer is returned to us in the form of a set of already other parameters, which must be passed to the appropriate fields to solve the captcha How to solve The process of solving GeeTest Captcha is as follows: we take a set of necessary parameters from the page of its placement and transfer it to the 2Captcha service, where the employee solves it, after which the answer is returned to us in the form of a set of already other parameters, which must be passed to the appropriate fields to solve the captcha API demo How to solve Cloudflare Turnstile is solved by taking the captcha parameters from the page in the form of the "data-sitekey" parameter and the page URL, sending them to the 2Captcha service, where an employee solves them. The solution is then returned to us in the form of a token, which we must enter in the relevant field to complete the captcha. API demo How to solve The process of solving Capy Puzzle Captcha is as follows: we take a set of necessary parameters from the page of its placement and transfer it to the 2Captcha service, where the employee solves it, after which the answer is returned to us in the form of a set of already other parameters, which must be passed to the appropriate fields to solve the captcha How to solve To solve the Lemin captcha, follow these steps: The service retrieves a set of required parameters from the placement page and sends them to the 2Captcha server for the employee to solve. The answer is then returned to us in the form of a set of additional parameters that must be entered into the correct fields to complete. API demo How to solve The procedure for solving a Amazon AWS captcha is as follows: you need to grab the set of required parameters from the placement page and send it to the service, where an employees solves task. The answer is then returned to us in the form of a set of additional parameters, which must be entered into the correct fields to solve. How to solve The process of solving text captcha is as follows: we take the text question of the captcha from the page of its placement and transfer it to the 2Captcha service, where it is solved by the employee, after which the answer is returned to us, which must be entered in the appropriate field to solve the captcha API demo How to solve The solution process is as follows: we take the captcha image from the page of its placement and the instructions on which pictures to click on and transfer it to the 2Captcha service, where the employee solves it, after which the answer is returned to us in the form of a set of point coordinates, which we need to click for solving the captcha API demo How to solve Data labeling Bounding box annotation and object detection for AI/ML companies that require model training: Bounding box annotation service API requests example Dataset annotation Satellite image annotation Image annotation Captcha solver Captcha solver API Browser extension Puppeteer Selenium How-to tutorials Captcha supported reCAPTCHA Image Captcha Cloudflare Turnstile Arkose Labs captcha (FunCaptcha) Amazon Captcha More types Captcha solver SDK Python PHP Java C# Go JavaScript Ruby Company Pricing Enterprise support Affiliate program About Blog Software Proxy Services Residential proxies SOCKS5 proxies Data annotation service Dataset API English Copying any part of this website without the explicit permission of the website owner is illegal. In the monitoring service rating Follow us Contact us info@2captcha.com Captcha bypass extension Recommended extension reCAPTCHA Solver Extension Alternative extensions New features ALTCHA solver Temu Captcha solver Terms of service Payment policy Privacy policy