350 Language Deutsch English Español Français Português 350 Menu Navigation Menu About Us 350 is a movement of ordinary people working to build a world powered by clean, accessible and affordable renewable energy. Our Work Learn more about how we’re working to build a world powered by renewable energy for all. Our Impact Check a snapshot of our local and global victories and achievements. Our Team Meet our team of passionate activists spread all around the globe. More Contact Us Careers Annual Report Join Us Take Action Join our online campaigns to end fossil fuels and power up just and accessible renewables. Join a Local Group Check our map to find a 350 local group near you, or start a new one! Donate Find more about all the ways to donate: online, by check, stock and much more. Shop to Support Discover beautiful products and show your support for a renewable future. Media & Resources Blogs Keep up to date with everything going on across 350 and our movement. Newsroom Browse our press releases, contact information and resources for the press. Training Find resources, online courses and books to deepen your activism. Climate Science Learn about the science that drives our movement. More Climate Solutions Climate Finance Stop Fossil Fuels Hope Hub Search for: Language Donate Donate X : : : left to DOUBLE your Giving Day donation. Time is running out to take down the fossil fuel industry and make sure record-breaking temperatures are a thing of the past. Help us build a renewable energy future by making a Giving Day gift today. Right now, your gift will be matched 100%. Donate Now One-Time Monthly USD $ CAD $ EUR € GBP £ ZAR R JPY ¥ AUD $ NZD $ $35 $100 $200 $350 $500 or choose a different amount We fight for a world beyond fossil fuels. Join our global movement to stop fossil fuels and build a future powered by the energy of the sun, the wind and the people everywhere! JOIN US Our Campaigns We’re working across the globe to end fossil fuels and power up just and accessible renewables. Explore some of our active campaigns below. REPower Afrika Empower renewable solutions from the ground up Tax Their Billions Make the super-rich pay to fix the climate crisis. Join us! Our Pawa Support a fair and equitable energy transition in Australia and the Pacific Demand Climate Action Pressure global leaders to raise ambition and commit to good NDCs Energy of the People Support energy justice in the Brazilian Amazon! Our Own Power Network Help build affordable and just renewable energy in your local community Browse Our Campaigns Join Us Join the Climate Movement: 350.org is building a global grassroots movement to solve the climate crisis. Our online campaigns, grassroots organizing, and mass public actions are led from the bottom up by thousands of volunteer organizers in over 188 countries. Sign up for important movement dispatches in the box on the right! Hi ! We have your contact info saved from last time, just click the button below to continue. Not ? Sign out Name Email Address * Country * Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of the Congo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe ZIP Code Postal Code Join Us You'll receive emails about our campaigns and ways you can take action. You can unsubscribe at any time ( terms of service and privacy policy ) Get started — Join our climate movement Thank You for Signing Up! How We Work Our movement is rising up for bold climate action. We work with people across the world to oppose those wrecking our climate and to fight for a sustainable future. At every step of the way we are driven by the knowledge that every voice makes a difference, and every battle won is another step towards a safe, liveable planet. Here’s how we do it: Stop fossil fuel Learn More Climate finance Learn More Solutions for climate change Learn More Get Involved This is a movement made up of ordinary people taking action in several ways, from quick online action to deep organising and campaign leadership. You can help build a world free from fossil fuels and power up the transition to a safe, just and renewable future. GET INVOLVED ► Help 350.org build a powerful climate movement. We believe in a safe climate and a better future — a just, prosperous, and equitable world built with the power of ordinary people. Help us get there! Donate Now One-Time Monthly USD $ CAD $ EUR € GBP £ ZAR R JPY ¥ AUD $ NZD $ $10 $35 $50 $150 $350 or choose a different amount Help 350.org take down the fossil fuel industry. We are working side-by-side with communities around the world to build renewable energy projects to protect our planet and end the era of fossil fuels. Help us build a better future in 2025 by chipping in today. : : : left to have your Year End Donation Doubled Hope grows when we give it power. Double your power in the fight for a healthy climate, and give people and communities hope for the future. Donate Now One-Time Monthly USD $ CAD $ EUR € GBP £ ZAR R JPY ¥ AUD $ NZD $ $35 $100 $200 $350 $500 or choose a different amount $35 $100 $200 $350 $500 or choose a different amount X Language & Regions 350.org English French German Portuguese Spanish 350 Africa English French 350 Aotearoa 350 Asia 350 Australia 350 Canada 350 France 350 Germany 350 Indonesia 350 Japan 350 Latin America Spanish Portuguese 350 Pacific 350 Pilipinas 350 Türkiye 350 UK 350 US Fossielvrij NL About us Who we are Media Contact us Jobs Get involved Take action Join local group Create local group Shop to support Get inspired Updates Climate science Trainings Brand toolkit How we work Stop fossil fuels Halt fossil finance Power up renewables Donate Donate monthly Other ways to donate Update your donation Our funders Bluesky Facebook Instagram YouTube Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Cookies 350Action © 2024 | 350.org is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization registered in the United States.  PO Box 843004, Boston, MA 02284-3004, USA Facebook WhatsApp WhatsApp Email ✓ Link copied! Copy