Save 20% on SOLIDWORKS Design — Start Designing Now

Upgrade your design workflow with industry-leading CAD. Limited-time 20% discount.

Buy now
Save 20% on SOLIDWORKS Design — Start Designing Now
Redefining Hospital Architecture
Lead With Smart Machinery Engineering
Build a Regenerative Value Network for Critical Materials
Shaping the Future of Aerospace & Defense
Virtual Worlds for Real Life
Dassault Systèmes Virtual Worlds Help You Improve Real Life

Whether it’s developing smarter products that improve daily life, transforming cities to be greener or refocusing medicine on prevention, 
Dassault Systèmes’ science-based virtual twin experiences help drive innovation all around you.

Find out how
MANUFAC­TURING INDUSTRIES

Reinventing manufacturing in the experience economy.

LIFE SCIENCES AND HEALTHCARE

Revolutionizing healthcare thanks to the power of virtual twins.

INFRASTRUC­­TURE & CITIES

Building today’s and tomorrow’s sustainable cities.

The 3DEXPERIENCE® platform
A Game-Changer for Business and Innovation

Bring together all aspects of your business in a single platform to increase collaboration, improve execution and accelerate innovation.

One Platform, Endless Possibilities

By combining a diversity of talents and breaking up the traditional silos, the 3DEXPERIENCE platform empowers organizations to invent, learn, produce, and trade in entirely new ways.

Industries
Products
Learn & Support
Transforming industries, markets and customer experiences

Every day, leading companies turn industry challenges into business opportunities thanks to the 3DEXPERIENCE platform. Our clients range from global industry leaders to startups, and even individuals.

Discover how Dassault Systèmes has helped companies in your industry to improve their products, boost their efficiency, and reduce costs.

Find the right solution for you
Thousands of leading companies from all industries use our solutions. Find out why.

Hear from our customers to learn what made Dassault Systèmes the ideal choice for their businesses, and why we are the right partner for yours.

CUSTOMER STORY
ASICS

Japanese sportswear brand ASICS is building the foundation for its personalization services upon the industry solution experiences Perfect Consumer Product and Perfect Product Staging. The 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud allows ASICS to showcase less visible parts of its products to consumers so that they can make informed purchase decisions.

Learn more
CUSTOMER STORY
Monceau Automobiles

Converting classic Mercedes-Benz into 100% electric cars, Monceau Automobiles leveraged the Efficient Multi-Energy Platform industry solution experience to gain 3D design precision and manage its complex repository of product data.

Learn more
CUSTOMER STORY
Electrolux Group

Electrolux Group's story is one of continuous improvement and strategic foresight. By leveraging DELMIA Apriso, Dassault Systèmes’ Manufacturing Execution System (MES) solution, it stands ready to meet the challenges of tomorrow while remaining committed to its mission of shaping living for the better.

Learn more
See more stories
Latest News

Read and listen to recent announcements in our newsroom.

OUTSCALE Achieves SOC 2 Type 2 Attestation, Strengthening Transparency and Confidence in Its Security Controls

PRESS RELEASE

 December 17, 2025

Dassault Systèmes Reimagines the Future of Precise, Predictive and Personal Healthcare with AI at CES 2026

MEDIA ALERT

 December 16, 2025

OUTSCALE enhances OUTSCALE Kubernetes as a Service to support and accelerate sovereign AI initiatives

PRESS RELEASE

 December 10, 2025

A New Era of Sovereign AI: Dassault Systèmes and Mistral AI Deepen Their Partnership

PRESS RELEASE

 November 26, 2025

See more news
Dassault Systèmes Events

We host and participate in events across the globe. Browse our events calendar to see where we’re going next.

Discover all events
CES 2026 | Dassault Systèmes®

EVENT

 Las Vegas, NV, USA

 January 7, 2026

UPCOMING
World Economic Forum 2026

EVENT

 Davos Platz, Switzerland

 January 19, 2026

UPCOMING
Explore More About Us

Looking for something specific? Check out the links below.

Succeed with us

Get in touch.

Career opportunities
Contact information
Innovate with us

Create impact.

Partners
3DEXPERIENCE Lab
Grow with us

Build a sustainable future.

Investor relations
La Fondation
Continue with only necessary cookies
You decide what cookies 3DS will use

We, Dassault Systèmes, together with our trusted 3DS business stakeholders, use cookies to give you the best experience on our websites by : measuring their audience and improving their performance, by providing you with content and proposals that correspond to your interactions, by serving ads that are relevant to your interests and by allowing you to share content on social networks.

Your preferences will be kept for 6 months and you can change them at any time by clicking on the "Manage my cookies preferences" link in the footer of each webpage. To learn more about how this site uses cookies, please visit our privacy policy.

Accept All
Manage my preferences