3Play Media | Take Your Video Content Global Jobs Support Sign In Platform Powered by responsible AI, perfected by humans From captioning to dubbing, our platform streamlines media workflows with industry-leading quality, integrations, and flexibility. 3Play Platform Localization Dubbing Quality dubbing that localizes audio content into different languages. Subtitling Clear, accurate subtitles that translate spoken content into written text for global audiences. Accessibility Captioning High-quality captions for recorded video, ensuring accessibility and compliance. Global Audio Description Audio that describes visual content with your option of human or synthesized speech Tools Developer Everything you need to build on our platform. API Docs Clear, detailed API reference. Integrations Connect with your favorite apps to improve workflows. Platform Features Discover what the platform can do. Solutions ADA Title II Compliance Stay ahead of evolving ADA Title II video regulations with AI-enabled solutions. Solutions for compliance Industries Entertainment Education Technology eLearning News & Networks Sports Roles Localization Teams Accessibility Teams Production Teams Product Teams Resources ADA Title II Webinar Series Join us for our 6-part Title II webinar series: “Countdown to Compliance”. learn more Industry Resources Resource Library Blog Events Case Studies State of ASR Business Resources Legal Patents Security Accessibility Statement Support Center Plans Get a Demo Your Global Video Partner Cut days out of your production schedule with one-click captioning, dubbing, subtitling, and audio description solutions that utilize premium AI with expert human review. Get a Demo View Plans Trusted by 10,000 Leading Brands our Products A Complete Platform for Video Accessibility & Localization Solutions We use the best AI along with expert human review to deliver premium quality at a fraction of the cost. Dubbing Reach audiences around the world with authentic dubs built with premium voice technology. Subtitling Cut your production timelines with fast turnaround, culturally-nuanced subtitles. Captioning Integrate 99%+ accurate captioning directly into your video platform. Audio Description Comply with all major accessibility laws with multi-lingual audio description. Live Captioning Schedule live captioning for an entire course, event, or broadcast in one click. all Platform Features Smarter Quality Premium AI. Experts when you need them. We provide a customizable blend of AI + expert human review for all of our solutions to ensure you get exactly what you need – whether it’s AI-only or Netflix-quality. Our predicted accuracy scores and automated upgrade paths provide brand and budget safety with flexibility you won’t find anywhere else. View Plans INTEGRATED PLATFORM Minimize administrative time with integrations & API workflows Connect 3Play effortlessly with your existing platforms. With 40+ integrations and custom API solutions, we fit into your production workflow—so you can scale without disruption. API DOCS INTEGRATIONS Case Study Paris Olympics: 200+ Videos Captioned Daily with 3Play Media NBC Sports trusted 3Play Media’s ASR + expert human review to deliver flawless captions on all recorded Olympics highlights within 2 hours, ensuring immediate delivery to all digital platforms. Learn More use cases Solutions by Industry Tailored solutions to meet the unique demands of your industry—whether you’re engaging global audiences, scaling operations, or ensuring compliance. Media & Entertainment Simplify global content distribution with streamlined workflows, accelerate time-to-market with fast, efficient localization, and maintain brand consistency across regions and formats. Education Confidently support all student accommodation needs for real-time captioning, recorded captioning, and audio description. Ensure Title II compliance with scaled AI safety solutions for large video libraries. Corporate & Enterprise Deliver consistent events, training, and internal communications across international teams, meet regulatory requirements in every region, and localize business-critical content with confidence. Explore all use cases Why 3Play? AI Safety Proprietary predicted accuracy rates for AI allow you to guarantee brand safety. Automate upgrade paths to expert human review whenever you need it. Premium Quality Whether you need AI-only solutions or delivery to premium streaming platforms (or anything in between), we provide premium quality at every tier. One Stop Shop Get all of your video accessibility and localization needs in one place, rather than managing multiple vendors for captioning, subtitling, dubbing, and audio description. Workflow Optimization Streamline your production timelines with flexible APIs, video platform integrations, and automated alerting that remove the need for manual emailing back and forth. Technology Partner Partnering with 3Play Media means partnering with a media technology expert who can help customize your workflows and deliverables to meet your unique needs. Compliance 3Play Media’s expert reviewed solutions guarantee compliance with major accessibility regulations like ADA, 504/508, CVAA, WCAG, EAA, and ACA. proven performance Platform Features Our platform delivers industry-leading accuracy, processes millions of files, and is recognized for innovation—with customer satisfaction to match. Custom Glossaries & Profiles Customize AI outputs and support our expert linguists and captioning teams with personalized translation profiles and glossaries of common terms – improving accuracy for your content. Unlimited Users & Projects Our platform supports unlimited users with multiple permissions. Accounts can also set up multiple projects with different users, permissions, and settings; billing can occur at the project or account level. Flexible File Ingest & Delivery Files can be ingested in multiple ways: via API, integration, FTP, cloud storage, link, or direct upload. All of these methods are supported for ordering and downloading across all service types. Explore the Platform Contact Us Ready to scale video without the risk? Let’s talk. Get faster turnarounds, fewer errors, and a global-ready workflow built for your needs. Get a Demo View Pricing About 3Play Media 3Play Media is a leading provider of video accessibility and localization solutions, blending proprietary tooling, advanced AI technology, and human expertise to deliver high-quality services at scale. Resources Support Center Resource Library FAQ Company About Leadership Partner’s Program Contractor Jobs Full-Time Careers Diversity Contact Us Contact 255 State St. Floor 6 Boston, MA 02109 Tel: (617) 764-5189 Fax: (617) 245-0510 LinkedIn X Mail Facebook Copyright © 2025 3Play Media – All Rights Reserved Terms Privacy Policy System Status Copyright