Customer Suite  | Global Payments Integrated Global Payments Integrated is transitioning to the Global Payments brand. While our logo may change, you'll still get the same hands-on support you know and trust. × Solutions Embedded Commerce Solutions that Add Value to Your Software Cloud Based/SAAS eCommerce Client Server Deployed Applications Mobile Semi-Integrated Unattended Payments Functionality Flexible Payments Functionality Readers & Terminals Let your customers pay their way Payments Security Security at the core of our services Marketplace Helping understand your markets Partners Merchants Resources Partner Services Built for Payment Technology Partnerships Customer Stories See what success looks like with Global Payments Integrated Learning Center Resources for Developers and Their Customers PCI Compliance Assistance Every Client Needs FAQs Answers for all of your Frequently Asked Questions Blog Payment Technology News and Trends Company About Embedded Commerce. Payments Innovation. Careers Ensuring a Bright Tomorrow by Hiring the Best Today Contact Knowledgeable Sales, Technical & Client Care 24/7 Log In Contact Sales Solutions Embedded Commerce Solutions that Add Value to Your Software Cloud Based/SAAS eCommerce Client Server Deployed Applications Mobile Semi-Integrated Unattended Payments Functionality Flexible Payments Functionality Readers & Terminals Let your customers pay their way Payments Security Security at the core of our services Marketplace Helping understand your markets Partners Merchants Resources Partner Services Built for Payment Technology Partnerships Customer Stories See what success looks like with Global Payments Integrated Learning Center Resources for Developers and Their Customers PCI Compliance Assistance Every Client Needs FAQs Answers for all of your Frequently Asked Questions Blog Payment Technology News and Trends Company About Embedded Commerce. Payments Innovation. Careers Ensuring a Bright Tomorrow by Hiring the Best Today Contact Knowledgeable Sales, Technical & Client Care 24/7 Log In Contact Sales Wrapping Value Around Payments Take the friction out of the payment experience. Our technology makes it easier for people to pay and get paid with tools and services that increase engagement, enhance the customer experience and help business grow. Contact Sales Customer Engagement Suite Customer Engagement Suite is a portfolio of products and features designed to streamline merchant operations while enhancing the customer experience. Merchants can easily collect payments and grow their business with innovative communication and payment functions, plus valuable data and insights. Provide merchants with meaningful ways to engage their customers at every touchpoint of the customer journey, automate processes and offer more ways to pay. Analytics & Reputation Management Web-based application that delivers intelligent data to provide businesses with deep visibility into how they stack up against the competition and who their customers are. Customer Analytics Our proprietary, easy-to-use tool delivers actionable insights. Cross-chain performance Your clients can access data to compare performance at multiple locations of their business. Competitive insight Businesses can monitor how their major competitors are performing in order to adjust their own strategy. Social Reputation Businesses benefit from real-time feedback on their online reputation. Social Media Businesses can find out how customers are rating them on social media. Online Reputation Management Your clients can manage their online reputation by responding to customer comments directly from within the tool. Innovative Phone & Text Communication Businesses and medical practices can access relevant customer and patient information before answering a call. Our customer communication tool allows teams to: Instantly view appointment history, balances and notes Send appointment reminders to reduce no-shows Communicate with two-way texting Easily request and collect reviews Easy, Touchless Payments Businesses can minimize contact by safely requesting credit card payments with a simple link sent via text or email. They can send outstanding balances anytime or automate the process completely. We also offer an automatic system to remind the customer of unpaid balances by sending another statement on a configurable schedule. Streamlined Check-In Enables an easy and touchless self-check-in via QR code to provide peace  
of mind and convenience to customers while saving businesses time. Online Appointment Booking Provides online interactive scheduling and reduces no-shows by allowing businesses to require deposits. Online Form Management Allows your customers to manage and customize the information needed before a customer ever walks through the door. Centralized Call Activity Designed specifically for businesses that want to centralize inbound and/or outbound call activity. Empower Businesses to Drive Commerce Help your clients get more customers in the door by providing more opportunities for them to get paid, run their business more efficiently and engage their customers at every interaction point. Dynamic Communication Tools Customers expect to communicate through a variety of channels, including online, by text, email, social media and phone. Enabling commerce through these channels drives revenue and increases client satisfaction. Our tools offer: Consumer Callpop Technologies - Balance owed, personal Information, Smart-Caller ID, and more… (without replacing phone systems)  /li> 2-way texting and appointment reminders Auto-Reply for missed calls Review Software - proactive tools to build online reputation and improve SEO Call-Analytics Surveys and Reviews Reputation Management Helping Businesses Get Paid Frictionless payment solutions allow businesses to collect payment faster, optimize efficiency, reduce cost, and create more growth opportunities. Customer Statements delivered via Text/Email Local inventory ads by Google Apple-Real Time Discount Gift & Loyalty Card 140 alternative payment methods Recurring Billing Decline Minimizer – the Global Payments Integrated automatic card updating service Mobile/NFC Payments including digital wallets “Overall, Customer Engagement Suite is a great tool that provides very beneficial information to our businesses that indicates growth, improvement and overall cost reduction. I give it 5 stars!” Angela See Admin Assistant, Gastrointestinal Associates of NE TN We’d love to tell you more Our valued software partners understand that improving the customer journey ultimately results in increased margin for them. We enable our software partners to drive profitability with additional revenue share opportunities, provide a consistent experience for merchants and their customers, and leverage data across their ecosystem. Contact Sales Partners Merchants Industries Solutions Embedded Commerce Payments Functionality Security & Anti-Fraud Readers & Terminals Marketplace APIs and SDKs Cloud-Based/Saas Mobile Client Server Deployed Applications eCommerce Unattended Semi-Integrated Developer Portal Developer Resources Resources Customer Stories Partner Services Learning Center PCI Compliance FAQs Blog Company About Careers Contact Support Log In Contact Sales © 2026 Global Payments Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and brand names are the property of their respective owners. Global Payments Direct Inc. is a registered ISO of PNC Bank, N.A. EMV® is a registered trademark owned by EMVCo LLC. Cookie Settings Terms of Service Privacy Statement Terms of Use