Digital Experience Optimization | 7SIGNAL | The Leader in Enterprise Wi-Fi Optimization Platform Solutions About Resources Schedule a demo Log In Platform Solutions About Resources Schedule a demo Contact 7SIGNAL Log In tel:+1-216-777-2900 Upcoming Event Wi-FI World Congress USA 2026 (April 13-15, 2026) Register Now Digital Experience Optimization Closing the Visibility Gap with AI-Powered Network Assurance WIRED. WI-FI. APPLICATIONS. ENDPOINTS. The AI-powered 7SIGNAL Platform is like having a network engineer in-a-box , helping you monitor digital experiences and resolve performance issues across your entire enterprise network. Schedule a Demo Loading animation... Trusted By Industry Leaders Outside-In Network Optimization We Approach Network Assurance Differently, with AI at the Core. Optimizing enterprise network performance requires an "outside-in" approach—one that captures both the macro view of the RF environment and the micro view of real user experiences at the edge. Our platform combines AI, performance sensors and endpoint agents to continuously measure network health from the outside, ensuring digital experiences are seamless and reliable—no matter where or how users connect.
Other solutions focus on the "inside-out" view of the infrastructure which creates a visibility gap which leads to hidden connectivity issues, frustrated users, and business risk.
7SIGNAL fills that gap with visibility into wired and wireless performance—across any vendor or environment. Learn More 7SIGNAL Provides Real Results at Scale 43% Reduction in unplanned network downtime 3,000+ User productivity hours gained per year 36% More efficient network management teams 670% 3-Year Return on Investment *IDC research Your AI-Powered Virtual Network Engineer Equipped with the 7SIGNAL's deep industry knowledge database and millions of datapoints, EYERIS offers dynamic diagnostics, insights, and recommendations to improve connectivity and performance across wired and wireless enterprise networks. EXPLORE EYERIS AI-Driven Visibility into Your RF and IoT Environment A solution-focused, AI-powered platform with vendor-agnostic sensors and built-in spectrum analysis for real-time visibility into Wi-Fi and wired network performance. 24/7 AUTOMATED EXPERIENCE TESTING Supports Wi-Fi 4/5/6/6E FEATURES/BENEFITS AI-Driven Insights into End-User Digital Experience Lightweight software agent for wired and wireless endpoints that leverages AI to proactively monitor digital experiences — no matter where or how clients connect. Discreet SaaS Deployment Android, macOS, Windows and Linux compatible FEATURES/BENEFITS Keeping Industries Connected Manufacturing Distribution Venues Enterprise Retail Healthcare Higher Education K12 Manufacturing Wi-Fi performance is key to operational success. 7SIGNAL for Manufacturing Distribution Maintain visibility into Wi-Fi experiences to ensure seamless fulfillment. 7SIGNAL for Distribution Venues Wi-Fi performance is key to a quality customer experience. 7SIGNAL for Venues Enterprise 7SIGNAL enables businesses to thrive through the best enterprise Wi-Fi experience monitoring 7SIGNAL for Enterprise Retail Wi-Fi performance in retail is key to the customer experience, sales transactions and inventory. 7SIGNAL for Retail Healthcare Wi-Fi performance is key to the patient and caregiver experience. 7SIGNAL for Healthcare Higher Education At home or on campus, we provide the visibility you need to support the end user experience. 7SIGNAL for Higher Education K12 Wi-Fi visibility to solve connectivity issues and elevate student and staff experiences 7SIGNAL for K-12 ‹ › Explore the Platform Schedule a demo with the 7SIGNAL team and see how you can optimize Wi-Fi experiences and deliver value throughout your organization. Schedule a Demo © Copyright 2025 7SIGNAL. All rights reserved. Products Agents Sensors Professional Services 7SIGNAL Homologation Innovation & Patents Partners & Distributors Help Testimonials Academy Contact Contact Us info@7SIGNAL.com 1-216-777-2900 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Newsletter