888 Sport: Sports Betting Odds | Bet on Sports Online Betting Online at 888sport - Sports Bets & Betting Odds Sports betting odds Betting tips In-play betting and mobile app Betting calculator FAQs Betting account Get the latest Sports Betting Odds At 888sport, we’re passionate about all kinds of sports betting, from odds on Premier League Odds and Euro odds to racing and tennis. We’re committed to providing a fun and responsible gambling environment for UK sports fans, so you can bet on the games and contests you love. Place bets online with us on a huge variety of sports, including: Football Betting Horse Racing Betting Rugby Betting Cricket Betting Boxing Betting Darts Betting Tennis Betting Golf Betting Whether you’re following the Three Lions in the Ashes, love the thrill of an eagerly anticipated boxing clash, or prefer a flutter on the races, you’ll be able to put a wager on your favourite sport with us. From volleyball to greyhounds , you really can bet on just about everything and anything at 888sport. You can even make special bets on cultural events, from things like the winner of the US presidential election, to who is going to win big at this year’s Oscars. Premium sports betting We pride ourselves on being one of the leading online UK betting sites, providing our valued customers with a range of premium betting promotions . These include: Promotions around events and key attractions throughout the year Sports betting prizes (T&Cs apply) There is always something to play for at 888sport, so why not browse our sportsbook and bet online at your convenience? Online Betting Tips & Predictions Not only can you bet on your favourite game or race with us, but our platform is especially designed to be a one-stop-shop for all your online odds, betting tips , predictions, help and info. Check out a host of fascinating articles on the 888Sport blog, where you’ll find: A regular stream of news, and team/player updates including exclusive interviews with former players. Dedicated sections for articles on your favourite sports, including football, horse racing, boxing, cricket, tennis and much more. General betting advice and expert tips for different types of sports. An overview of all the biggest tournaments, leagues and events, before the action kicks-off. You can explore dedicated football predictions such as Premier League predictions , Champions league predictions , and more. Visit our blog to access a wealth of information and the latest news, all designed to enhance your betting experience and improve your decision-making process. In-play betting and our mobile app 888sport provides live sport odds for numerous events and fixtures, as they happen – every day. Stream sporting events and bet on the outcome as they unfold on our innovative betting site. If you’re out and about and don’t have access to a computer, you can still place bets on your tablet or mobile through using our handy Betting App . Download it today for added convenience. Online Betting Calculator We've also created a unique bet calculator that gives you the power to find out how profitable your bet may be. Using the latest sports odds, the amount you want to bet and other information, it should help you decide just what you want to place a wager on. FAQs How do I bet on sports online? Making a bet online is simple with 888sport. All you need to do is click ‘Sign up’ and open your online betting account. Browse our new betting account offers and sign up promotions. Enjoy the comfort of logging in to your betting account from anywhere via our mobile app as well. Follow a few simple steps to get your account up and running. Sign up by filling in your details – name, surname, email address etc Create your unique user ID and password We’ll carry out a few simple checks Deposit your funds Start betting Our site offers a competitive range of sports betting odds on the most popular leagues, tournaments and events in the world. What is the best online betting site for sports? While there are a number of different UK betting sites and sports betting providers out there, at 888sport we offer a range of especially key benefits, including: Huge array of different sports and events Quality odds Expert tips and advice on our blog Responsible betting policy Wide variety of offers and promotions (T&Cs apply) January 2026 - Upcoming Events One of the first big pieces of sporting action in January will be the conclusion of the World Championship Darts. The quarter-finals commence on January 1st, with the semi-finals taking place the following day. The tournament’s big conclusion is on January 3rd, with a start time of 20:00 from the Alexandra Palace, to see who will be crowned World Champion. The Australian Open tennis will grab big headlines in January, starting on January 12th in Melbourne. It’s the first of the four Grand Slam events of the season, with the likes of Aryna Sabalenka, Iga Swiatek, Carlos Alcaraz, and Jannik Sinner going for glory Down Under in the intense Australian summer heat. There’s plenty of football to look forward to, with the FA Cup Third Round played from January 9th to 12th. Among the eye-catching games are Macclesfield vs. Crystal Palace, Manchester City vs. Exeter City, Tottenham vs. Aston Villa, and Portsmouth vs. Arsenal. The Africa Cup of Nations also continues through January, with the Final in Morocco on January 18th. The NFL Playoffs begin in January, which is the busiest month for the league. There’s the Wild Card Weekend, followed by the Divisional Round and then the big Championship Games of the NFC and AFC, which will decide which two teams meet in February's Super Bowl. The Masters snooker, one of the sport’s Triple Crown events, is also played in January. The action at the Alexandra Palace starts on January 11th and concludes on the 18th, with big names such as Judd Trump, Mark Williams, and Mark Selby going for glory at the prestigious event. January is action-packed with other big sporting events like the PGA Tour Farmers Insurance Open, the Winter X Games from Aspen, the European Figure Skating Championships, the Dakar Rally, and the big European Men’s Handball Championship, which is jointly hosted by Denmark, Norway, and Sweden this year. How do I find a responsible betting site? A crucial consideration when you bet on any sports is finding a properly regulated site – like 888sport. Betting with a site that has a responsible gambling policy means they are following all UK gambling regulations. At 888sport, we have three core values: Care – our specially trained team can be alerted if customers may be getting into difficulty, allowing us to provide information, support and advice. Community – we work with local communities to give back to underprivileged areas, through a range of events and incentives. Control – we provide a range of tools and controls to help you manage your time and money when betting, so you can’t go over a certain limit. Features Of The Official 888 Sport Website Establishment 1997 Sportsbook Extensive Live & Sports Markets Licensed By 888 UK Limited Currency GBP, EUR, USD Minimum Deposit £10 Withdrawal Limits Depends on the withdrawal policy Deposit Options Visa, MasterCard, Paypal, Apple Pay, Neteller & More