8x8 CPaaS - Communications Platform as a Service Skip to content Search Search Login Jitsi As a Service 8x8 Connect My Services Express 8x8 Work For Web View all key portals Support Menu Products Back Products Connect your customers and teams globally and make an impact with the platform made to empower modern CX leaders. Talk to an expert Portfolio Messaging Omnichannel Messaging SMS RCS WhatsApp Viber for Business Zalo LINE Voice Number Masking Voice Messaging App to App Calling Interactive Voice Response See all Voice Solutions Video Jitsi as a Service Authentication and Fraud Prevention Descope (CIAM) Verification API Number Lookup API Omni Shield Silent Mobile Authentication See all solutions Support Support Packages Platforms Contact Center 8×8 Contact Center™️ supercharges agents with AI to simplify contact center operations and delight customers. Unified Communications 8×8 Work® connects teams and customers globally with an AI-enabled communications suite. 8×8 Connect Campaign management platform for omnichannel communications 8×8 Converse Engagement platform for two-way customer interactions Solutions Video Interaction Instant one-to-one video calls for real-time personalized service. Verif8 Seamlessly authenticate with streamlined multichannel 2FA Talk to an expert Solutions Back Solutions Flexible communications solutions for all business use cases and industries. Talk to an expert By Use Case Authentication & Fraud Prevention Marketing & Communications Customer Support Operations Debt Collection By Industry Finance Healthcare Logistics Retail & Ecommerce Education Travel Real Estate On-Demand Services (Delivery, OTT, etc) Government Talk to an expert Discover the latest insights, tips, innovations in communication technology. Read blog articles Pricing Back Pricing Transparent and flexible 8×8 pricing for businesses of all sizes. Enterprise-grade solutions without hidden fees or forced commitments. Talk to an expert Products Pricing Omnichannel Messaging SMS Messaging Apps Voice Number Masking Voice Messaging App to App Calling Interactive Voice Response Video Jitsi as a Service Turnkey Solutions Pricing Video Interaction Instant one-to-one video calls for real-time personalized service. 8x8 Verify Coming Soon Seamlessly authenticate with streamlined multichannel 2FA Talk to an expert Pricing fit for all businesses Pay-as-you-go Subscription Enterprise See all pricing Developer Back Developer Connect your customers and teams globally and make an impact with the platform made to empower modern CS leaders Talk to an expert Developer Portals APIs Find API references and guides for integration into your workflows Jitsi as a Service Find resources to integrate JaaS into your web applications Talk to an expert Discover the latest insights, tips, innovations in communication technology. Read Tutorial Partners Partners Our network of industry-leading partners can help you provide a richer customer experience without custom development or big costs. Talk to an expert Work with an 8x8 partner Find a partner Communication APIs (CPaaS) Contact Center & Unified Communications Explore API integrations Communication APIs (CPaaS) Contact Center & Unified Communications 8x8 partners Learn about our program Network partnerships Become a Reseller View our technology partner ecosystem. Explore a partnership Resources & Support Back Resources & Support Our rich array of support services and educational resources help you effectively resolve challenges should they arise and get more out of 8×8 solutions. Talk to an expert Resources Customer Stories Resources Webinars & Events 8×8 Press Releases FAQ Support CPaaS Help Center Talk to an expert Finding the Best-Fit Communication Channel(s) for Your Business Read blog article Blog Why 8x8 Back Why 8×8 Get to know 8×8, the platform and partner powering your CX ambitions. Talk to an expert Resources Why 8×8 CPaaS About Us Security Contact Us Investor Relations Careers Talk to an expert 8×8 CPaaS is trusted by businesses of all sizes worldwide Find out why Partners 8×8 Communication Platform as a Service – CPaaS Omnichannel communications fit for any use case, in any industry Talk to an expert Pricing and plans Partner Program Find a Partner 8×8 CPaaS is trusted by businesses of all sizes worldwide Read Tutorial Login 8x8 Connect Jitsi As a Service My Services Express 8x8 Work For Web View all key portals Contact Us Menu ✕ 8x8 Connect Jitsi As a Service My Services Express 8x8 Work For Web View all key portals Menu For the integrated CX platform (Contact Center & Unified Communications), please visit 8x8.com > 8x8 Wins Best CPaaS Platform at the CX Awards 2025 Recognized for its composability, embedded AI, and seamless integration with various internal tools and UCaaS solutions, unifying internal and external communications on a modular platform. Find out more CX limits were meant to be shattered You don’t settle for the status quo. Ready to push some boundaries and make an impact? You’re in the right place. One platform, zero silos, infinite solutions. That’s 8x8®—the platform and partner powering your CX ambitions. Talk to an Expert Watch Video Trusted by more than 3 million business users. CX tools built for every role. Driving teams to win, together. Communication solutions that power every team, boost collaboration, and create standout customer experiences. Marketing & Communications Operations & Logistics Customer Support Security Developer Marketing & Communications Boost engagement and deliver seamless customer experiences with personalized, impactful messaging campaigns on channels like SMS and WhatsApp. Learn More Operations & Logistics Automate workflows, simplify processes, and get real-time updates, making teamwork smoother and more efficient. Learn More Customer Support Provide instant support via SMS, messaging, voice, and video. With 24/7 automation, handle inquiries effortlessly and deliver seamless service anytime. Learn More Security Protect user data, and block unauthorized access with enhanced security features like OTPs and 2FA, making it easy to automate secure interactions. Learn More Developer Save time and cut costs with easy-to-use APIs that streamline communication features – freeing up your teams to focus on delivering amazing user experiences. Learn More Marketing & Communications Boost engagement and deliver seamless customer experiences with personalized, impactful messaging campaigns on channels like SMS and WhatsApp. Learn More Operations & Logistics Automate workflows, simplify processes, and get real-time updates, making teamwork smoother and more efficient. Learn More Customer Support Provide instant support via SMS, messaging, voice, and video. With 24/7 automation, handle inquiries effortlessly and deliver seamless service anytime. Learn More Security Protect user data, and block unauthorized access with enhanced security features like OTPs and 2FA, making it easy to automate secure interactions. Learn More Developer Save time and cut costs with easy-to-use APIs that streamline communication features – freeing up your teams to focus on delivering amazing user experiences. Learn More Beyond APIs: 8x8® Contact Center ™ and Unified Communications 8×8® connects your employees and customers through one intelligent platform designed to deliver the outcomes that matter most. If you’re exploring robust Contact Center or Unified Communications platforms to streamline your entire business communication, our main 8×8 site is your next stop. Discover 8x8 Contact Center Discover 8x8 Unified Communications Built to deliver: Simplicity, Security, and Global Scale Streamline your communication stack without compromise. Global Reach, Unified Control Boost customer engagement across all major messaging channels, including SMS, WhatsApp, Viber, Zalo, LINE and voice Learn more Fortress-Level Security Deliver exceptional experiences without compromising customer trust—data protection is baked in. Learn more Effortless Integration Implement with ease and confidence, ensuring your tools grow with your ambitions. Learn more Worldwide Reliability With offices across the globe, we bring local expertise and dependable service wherever you operate. Learn more Always-On Support Our team’s got your back 24/7, so you can focus on delivering results. Learn more Trusted by Industry Leaders Powering the world’s top brands in ecommerce, fintech, logistics, and more. Learn more Unlock the ultimate guide to omnichannel success Get actionable tips, winning strategies, and more. Download e-book Real solutions for real industry challenges. Finance Communications for Finance Solutions for Finance Healthcare Communications lies at the heart of healthcare Solutions for Healthcare Logistics Master last mile delivery with Communication APIs Solutions for Logistics ⁠Retail & Ecommerce The future of retail is Communication APIs Solutions for Retail and Ecommerce Education Communication APIs - the future of learning and teaching Solutions for Education Travel Your passport to frictionless communication is here! Solutions for Travel ⁠Real Estate Happy tenants. Happier landlords. Made possible by Communication APIs. Solutions for Real Estate ⁠On-Demand Services Communications solutions for OTT, Delivery, etc. Solutions for On-Demand Services Government Citizen-centric communication that’s efficient, secure and inclusive Solutions for Government View all resources Customer stories—no fluff, just real success. I would highly recommend 8x8 if you are looking for a robust, easy to integrate system that is actually fuss-free to use. Leena Chanvirach Regional Head of Data & Analytics, aCommerce Learn More 8x8 is a very reliable partner who can empower any fintech that aspires to achieve and scale. Arivuvel Ramu Group CTO, Tonik Learn More View all case studies Secure and compliant Up-to-date with regulations and verified by third-party certifications. So you get peace of mind. Insights to keep you ahead. Blog Eliminating Login Friction with Silent Mobile Authentication Read blog Blog Automated IVR for Financial Services Customers Read blog Blog Secure Online Shopping with Verification API Read blog Blog From Browsers to Buyers: WhatsApp Business for Ecommerce and Retail Read blog Blog Power Your Events with WhatsApp Business for Marketing Read blog Blog Virtual Concierge Services in Travel with Video API Read blog View all resources Why Choose 8x8? With 8×8, you’re not just adopting a platform—you’re embracing a partner dedicated to transforming how you connect, collaborate, and serve. From customer moments that matter to scaling success globally, we ensure your communications work as hard as you do. Learn More Talk to an Expert Complete this form and an 8x8 sales specialist will reach out to you shortly. First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone * Company Name * Job Title * Primary Interest * Select your primary interest SMS Messaging Apps Voice solutions Jitsi as a Service Authentication and Fraud Prevention Video Interaction Custom solutions with multi-channels A custom multi-channel solution based on your specific requirements. Your Message (Optional) By checking this box, you opt-in to receive future communications from 8x8 Submit Thank you for your interest! An 8x8 sales specialist will reach out to you shortly. Any urgent enquiries and help needed? Email [email protected] Support Visit support site Redirecting you to the localized site... Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe Product Omnichannel Messaging SMS Messaging Voice Solutions Jitsi as a Service 8×8 Connect Video Interaction Verification API Solutions Finance Healthcare Logistics Retail & Ecommerce Education Travel Real Estate On-Demand Services Government Company About Us Contact Us Why 8×8 CPaaS All Resources Blog Customer Stories Resources Webinars & Events Press Releases FAQ Quick Links Support Developers Security Sign up for 8x8 Connect Select Region Asia Pacific Australia Singapore Indonesia ไทย Philippines Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Modern Slavery Statement Accessibility Statement Cookie Policy © 2025 8x8, Inc. All rights reserved. To top This site is registered on wpml.org as a development site. Switch to a production site key to remove this banner .