Homepage | National September 11 Memorial & Museum Your gift will be 3X matched today Will you donate and help sustain the 9/11 Memorial & Museum in 2026 and beyond? Donate Skip to main content 9/11 Memorial | Home Buy Tickets Site Navigation Note for screen reader users: once expanded, the first four
items of the navigation menu have some associated content which may provide additional information of interest. These sections can be located by jumping to the level 3 heading which follows each sub-menu. Visit Tickets Tours Group Visits Museum Admission Discounts New York First Sundays About Your Visit Visitor Guidelines Getting Here Accessibility The Museum Exhibitions The Collection Programs and Events The Memorial Find a Name 9/11 Memorial Glade The Survivor Tree Learn Upcoming Public Programs Past Public Programs Watch Live Students and Teachers School Programs Lesson Plans Anniversary Digital Learning Experience Digital Learning Experience Archives Teacher Professional Development Youth and Families Activities at Home Youth and Family Tours Talking to Children about Terrorism Resources 9/11 Primer Illness & Advocacy After 9/11 Digital Exhibitions Interactive Timelines Oral Histories Professional Programs Connect 9/11 Family Members Visiting Information Find a Name Communities Rescue and Recovery Workers Witnesses and Survivors Service Members and Veterans Commemoration September 11, 2001 Remember the Sky February 26, 1993 May 30, 2002 The MEMO Blog Support Donate Sponsor a Cobblestone Other Ways to Give Founders Become a Member Member Login Get Involved 5K Run/Walk Benefit Dinner Summit on Security Corporate Membership The Never Forget Fund Visionary Network Volunteer Give to the Collection Search Calendar Switch language Language selector Apply Language Log in Log In Don't have an account? Create an account today and support the 9/11 Memorial & Museum. Log in with Google , Facebook or Twitter . Username or Email Username or Email You can use your username or email address to login. Password Password CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Create new account Forgot your password? Buy Tickets Opening Times The Memorial is open until 9 p.m. | The Museum is open until 9 p.m. Photo: David E. Starke On View: Trauma and Children's Art After 9/11 Our special exhibition "Drawing Meaning: Trauma and Children's Art After 9/11" examines how young artists from around the world used art to heal themselves and others as they expressed complex thoughts and feelings about the attacks. Access is included with your Museum ticket. Learn more Visit Located at the World Trade Center in New York City, the 9/11 Memorial Museum tells the story of 9/11 through media, narratives, and a collection of monumental and authentic artifacts, presenting visitors with personal stories of loss, recovery, and hope. Learn more Learn The 9/11 Memorial & Museum is committed to providing ongoing resources for students, teachers, families, and the general public. By providing a host of tailored educational programs and resources for students, teachers, families, and the general public, the Museum strives to foster a deeper understanding of 9/11 and its ongoing legacy. Learn more Connect Each day we remember the victims, the families, and survivors dealing with loss, recognizing the lasting consequences of 9/11 on individual lives. We actively engage with 9/11 family members , survivors , and rescue and recovery workers to offer services, education, and moments of connection and healing. Learn more Support The nonprofit 9/11 Memorial & Museum relies on the generous support of the public and our donors to further our mission. There are many ways to support our mission: make a donation , become a member , or volunteer . Learn more Make a donation to the museum Donate Footer Information about the 9 11 Memorial & Museum Location 180 Greenwich Street New York, NY 10007 View on map reservations@911memorial.org (212) 312-8800 Contact Us About Media Center RFPs Hours 9/11 Memorial Daily, 8 a.m.-8 p.m. 9/11 Museum Weds-Mon, 9 a.m.-7 p.m. plus select Tues & holiday hours Get Tickets Ticketholder Benefits Museum Store Learn More Careers Accessibility Calendar Support Stay Informed Join our mailing list to receive the latest updates on news, events, and programming. Enter your e-mail Footer navigation Financial & Legal Information Terms of Use/Privacy Policy Accessibility Details Social media links Facebook TikTok Instagram Twitter YouTube Copyright information © 2024 National September 11 Memorial & Museum 9/11 MEMORIAL is a registered trademark of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum Visit Tickets Tours Group Visits Museum Admission Discounts New York First Sundays About Your Visit Visitor Guidelines Getting Here Accessibility The Museum Exhibitions The Collection Programs and Events The Memorial Find a Name 9/11 Memorial Glade The Survivor Tree Learn Upcoming Public Programs Past Public Programs Watch Live Students and Teachers School Programs Lesson Plans Anniversary Digital Learning Experience Digital Learning Experience Archives Teacher Professional Development Youth and Families Activities at Home Youth and Family Tours Talking to Children about Terrorism Resources 9/11 Primer Illness & Advocacy After 9/11 Digital Exhibitions Interactive Timelines Oral Histories Professional Programs Connect 9/11 Family Members Visiting Information Find a Name Communities Rescue and Recovery Workers Witnesses and Survivors Service Members and Veterans Commemoration September 11, 2001 Remember the Sky February 26, 1993 May 30, 2002 The MEMO Blog Support Donate Sponsor a Cobblestone Other Ways to Give Founders Become a Member Member Login Get Involved 5K Run/Walk Benefit Dinner Summit on Security Corporate Membership The Never Forget Fund Visionary Network Volunteer Give to the Collection Search Calendar