+972 Magazine - Independent commentary and news from Israel & Palestine open menu close menu INDEPENDENT JOURNALISM FROM ISRAEL-PALESTINE Gaza Settler violence ICJ & ICC Crackdown on dissent The +972 Podcast facebook twitter instagram threads bluesky Newsletter close menu B696146A-7C75-40FC-8B38-383B61520B38 Created with sketchtool. SUPPORT US Topics October 7 war Gaza Settler violence ICJ & ICC Crackdown on dissent About Our writers The +972 Podcast Contact us Local Call SUPPORT US Follow us twitter facebook instagram threads bluesky Developed by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra Fighting fascism in America during a genocide in Palestine We must insist on drawing connections across time and place — from the Holocaust to Gaza, or ICE detention to Israeli prisons — to disrupt the normalization of authoritarianism at every turn. By Amahl Bishara Subscribe to The Landline +972's weekly newsletter Sign up Error message after subscribing form In the Galilee hills, Christmas celebrations revive a depopulated Palestinian village After a two-year absence, displaced residents and their descendants returned to Bir'im — part of efforts since 1948 to keep the community alive. By Samah Watad Diary of a homesick Gazan abroad In Ireland, I am alive and safe. But survival feels hollow without the people, places, and routines that once sustained me. By Abdallah Aljazzar The Gaza genocide radicalized the world — and there’s no going back People can't unsee a live-streamed annihilation defended under the banner of democracy. They know Israel's apartheid regime can no longer exist. By Tareq Baconi PODCAST Who’s afraid of Palestinian Christianity? John Munayer highlights how Palestinian Christians have resisted their depoliticization, following in the tradition of anti-colonial liberation theology. By +972 Magazine Latest Syria marks a year since Assad’s fall under shadow of Israel’s deepening occupation As thousands filled the streets to celebrate liberation, others were reeling from Israel's latest raid and fearing for their safety amid sectarian tensions. By Santiago Montag December 23, 2025 In the name of ‘urban renewal,’ Israel is trampling Lod’s 2,000-year-old heritage The municipality is encouraging real estate sharks to tear up the city’s history in order to build towers that will likely drive out Palestinian residents. By Tawfiq Da'adli December 22, 2025 From cash brokers to crypto, Gazans struggle to stay financially afloat With banks and ATMs destroyed, and Israel blocking new banknotes, Palestinians face a liquidity crisis and an economy shattered by Israel’s war. By Ahmed Ahmed December 19, 2025 Can Standing Together bear the weight of its contradictions? The Jewish-Arab movement is celebrating its 10th anniversary after a period of rapid expansion. But as it grows, so do questions about its political stances, its electoral ambitions, and the limits of binational organizing. By Samah Watad December 19, 2025 Is Israel’s genocide economy on the brink? Economist Shir Hever explains how the Gaza war mobilization propped up a ‘zombie economy’ that appears to function but lacks any future horizon. By Amos Brison December 16, 2025 After the Bondi massacre, we don’t have the luxury to grieve silently Before the blood had dried, the deadliest attack on Australian Jews was being used to justify repressing Palestine solidarity and retribution against Muslims. By Em Hilton December 15, 2025 Israel’s Gaza proxy strategy is collapsing The killing of gang leader Yasser Abu Shabab, a known felon and druglord, by one of his own men has exposed the bankruptcy of Israel’s vision for the Strip. By Muhammad Shehada December 12, 2025 Israel preparing largest ever act of ‘archeological cleansing’ in West Bank Subordinating scientific value to colonial expansion, Israeli archeologists are putting up no resistance as the state moves to expropriate swaths of Sebastia. By Alon Arad December 11, 2025 Anatomy of a settler abduction Ambushed, dragged to a hilltop outpost, beaten unconscious: Palestinian teen Owais Hammam recounts his brutal torture by Israeli settlers and soldiers. By Faiz Abu Rmeleh December 10, 2025 Netanyahu’s pardon request is a lens into Israel’s political psyche The prime minister’s refusal to acknowledge wrongdoing mirrors a society conditioned to interpret remorse as weakness and brute force as destiny. By Meron Rapoport December 10, 2025 Most Read Day Week Month The Gaza genocide radicalized the world — and there’s no going back Fighting fascism in America during a genocide in Palestine ‘Lavender’: The AI machine directing Israel’s bombing spree in Gaza Can Standing Together bear the weight of its contradictions? In the Galilee hills, Christmas celebrations revive a depopulated Palestinian village The Gaza genocide radicalized the world — and there’s no going back In the Galilee hills, Christmas celebrations revive a depopulated Palestinian village Can Standing Together bear the weight of its contradictions? ‘Lavender’: The AI machine directing Israel’s bombing spree in Gaza Is Israel’s genocide economy on the brink? Israel preparing largest ever act of ‘archeological cleansing’ in West Bank After the Bondi massacre, we don't have the luxury to grieve silently The billionaire family poised to rewire U.S. media in Israel's favor ‘Lavender’: The AI machine directing Israel’s bombing spree in Gaza The Gaza genocide radicalized the world — and there’s no going back Subscribe to The Landline +972's weekly newsletter Sign up INDEPENDENT JOURNALISM FROM ISRAEL-PALESTINE About Terms of use Contact Us Privacy Policy Follow Us: facebook twitter instagram threads bluesky SUPPORT US Website powered by RGB Media