99% Invisible Skip to Content Toggle Navigation Episodes Series Hidden Levels The 99% Invisible Breakdown Not Built For This According to Need Judas and the Black Messiah Podcast Articles of Interest Articles About The Show The Staff Contact Press Sponsors Pitch Newsletter Subscribe SiriusXM Podcasts+ Apple Podcasts SiriusXM Pandora Ways to Listen Book Store Submit Search YouTube TikTok Instagram Threads Reddit Discord Bluesky 99% Invisible Newsletter 100% Fascinating Email Address Yes Please! By submitting this form, you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , that you understand them, and that you agree to be bound by them.  If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, you may not use the 99% Invisible website and services. see recent newsletter Close 99% Invisible Episode CL 05 - Constitution Breakdown #5: Dr. Tom Frieden Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Play Pause This is is the fifth episode of our ongoing series breaking down the U.S. Constitution. This month, Roman and Elizabeth first talk through Article... [Read More] Episode 652 - Mini-Stories: Volume 21 Play Pause Date 12.23.25 Category : Objects Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode 651 - Sax Appeal Play Pause Date 12.16.25 Category : Objects Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode 650 - The Checkerboard Play Pause Date 12.09.25 Category : Infrastructure Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode 649 - U Is for Urbanism Play Pause Date 12.02.25 Category : History Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode CL 04 - Constitution Breakdown #4: Janet Napolitano Play Pause Date 11.28.25 Category : History Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode 648 - Murderland Play Pause Date 11.25.25 Category : Cities Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode 647 - The Moving Walkway is Ending Play Pause Date 11.18.25 Category : Technology Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode 646 - How to Write a Joke Play Pause Date 11.11.25 Category : Objects Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode 645 - Gear (Articles of Interest) Play Pause Date 11.04.25 Category : Objects Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode CL 03 - Constitution Breakdown #3: Sen. Elizabeth Warren Play Pause Date 10.31.25 Category : History Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode 644 - Your Call Is Important to Us Play Pause Date 10.28.25 Category : Technology Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript Episode HL 06 - Hidden Levels #6: Segagaga Play Pause Date 10.24.25 Category : Objects Add to Queue Remove from Queue Download Transcript San Francisco! Come to a screening of Drop Dead City followed by a conversation with Roman on Monday, Nov 3. Info and tickets Explore Architecture Infrastructure Cities Objects Sounds Visuals Technology History More Architecture Infrastructure Cities Objects Sounds Visuals Technology History © 99% Invisible Privacy Policy & Terms of Service Cookie settings Episodes Articles About Store Support the Show Your donations are vital to keeping us independent and strong! Contributions are used for: Paying our exceptional staff Paying outside contributors Travel costs for more ambitious stories Weekly Pakistani buffet Donate Newsletter Signup Hey there beautiful nerd! Sign up to for the 99PI newsletter to get our 1/week email with: Excerpts and links to latest episodes and articles Periodic, exclusive updates on 99PI goings-on Email Address Yes Please! By clicking this box, you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , that you understand them, and that you agree to be bound by them.  If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, you may not use the 99% Invisible website and services. Minimize Maximize Play Pause Mute Unmute Previous in Playlist Jump backward 15 seconds | Jump forward 15 seconds Next in Playlist Update Required To play the media you will need to update your browser to a version that supports HTML5. Minimize Maximize Playlist Playlist Drag and drop to reorder. Your playlist is stored within your cookies, clearing your browser data may remove your playlist. Nothing here yet! Feel free to browse the archives to add episodes. More