Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America | AAFA | Home Login Blog Media Kids with Food Allergies Get Support Join the Community About About The Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (AAFA), a not-for-profit organization founded in 1953, is the leading patient organization for people with asthma and allergies, and the oldest asthma and allergy patient group in the world. Board of Directors Medical Scientific Council Senior Leadership Contact Us Editorial Policy AAFA’s Partners Sources of Financial Support Regional Chapters AAFA Alaska Chapter AAFA Michigan Chapter AAFA New England Chapter Asthma Asthma Nearly 28 million people in the United States have asthma. The best way to manage asthma is to avoid triggers, take medications to prevent symptoms, and prepare to treat asthma episodes if they occur. Asthma Symptoms Asthma Diagnosis Lung Function Tests Spirometry FeNO Tests Provocation Tests Peak Flow Reading Physical Exam Asthma-Like Conditions Asthma Treatment Asthma Action Plan Asthma Medicines (Search) Systemic (Oral) Corticosteroids Biologics for Asthma Asthma Triggers Air Pollution Indoor Air Quality Allergens (Allergic Asthma) Emotions, Stress, and Depression Exercise Food Medicines Respiratory Infections COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Flu (Influenza) Pneumonia Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Whooping Cough (Pertussis) Tobacco Smoke and Vaping Weather Living with Asthma Asthma During Pregnancy Asthma in Infants Asthma in Children Asthma in Adults Asthma in Older Adults Asthma, Allergies, and the ADA Managing Asthma and Allergies at School School Health Care Plans 504 Plans School Forms Resources for Parents Resources for Schools and Care Centers Resources for Early Childhood Education and Child Care Managing Asthma and Respiratory Infections in Schools Traveling with Asthma and Allergies Work-Related Asthma Asthma Prevention Vaccine Recommendations Healthier Home Checklist September Asthma Peak Health Conditions That Affect Asthma Allergic Bronchopulmonary Aspergillosis (ABPA) Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Food-Induced Anaphylaxis Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD) Obesity Obstructive Sleep Apnea Nasal Polyps Pregnancy Respiratory Illnesses Rhinitis (Nasal Allergies) Sinusitis Asthma Facts and Stats Asthma Risk Factors Allergies Allergies Allergies are one of the most common chronic diseases. An allergy occurs when the body’s immune system sees a substance as harmful and overreacts to it. The substances that cause allergic reactions are allergens . Allergy Symptoms Anaphylaxis (Severe Allergic Reaction) Eye Allergies Nose Allergies (Rhinitis) Sinusitis Skin Allergies Angioedema (Swelling) Contact Dermatitis Eczema Hives (Urticaria) Allergy Diagnosis Allergy Treatments Anaphylaxis Action Plan Animal/Pet Allergy Drug Allergy Food Allergy Alpha Gal Syndrome Insect Allergy Cockroaches Dust Mites Biting: Bed Bugs and Fleas Biting: Mosquitoes, Flies, and Kissing Bugs Biting: Tick Allergy Stinging: Fire Ants Stinging: Bees, Wasps, Hornets Latex Allergy Mold Allergy Pollen Allergy Grass Pollen Ragweed Pollen Tree Pollen Allergy Prevention The Allergic or Atopic March Control Indoor Allergens Healthier Home Checklist Living with Allergies Allergy Capitals Traveling with Asthma and Allergies Allergy Disability Accommodations Managing Asthma and Allergies at School School Health Care Plans 504 Plans School Forms Resources for Parents Resources for Schools and Care Centers Resources for Early Childhood Education and Child Care Managing Asthma and Respiratory Infections in Schools Allergy Facts and Stats Programs Programs AAFA offers a variety of educational programs, resources and tools for patients, caregivers, and health professionals. AAFA launches educational awareness campaigns throughout the year. We teach the general public about asthma and allergic diseases. Collaborations Breathe for Baby: Asthma Health During Pregnancy No Appetite for Bullying Type 2 Inflammation CHI-ASMA Health Equity AAFA’s Certification Program Kids with Food Allergies Education Programs ASTHMA Care for Adults Asthma Management Education Continuing Medical Education (CME) Programs Managing Food Allergies Patient and Caregiver Webinars Asthma Atopic Dermatitis/Eczema Eosinophilic Esophagitis (EoE) Food Allergies Nasal Polyps Urticaria Spanish Resources Understanding Research Basics Ask the Allergist Research and Reports Research and Reports Research is an important part of our pursuit of better health. Through research, we gain better understanding of illnesses and diseases, new medicines, ways to improve quality of life and cures. AAFA conducts and promotes research for asthma and allergic diseases. Asthma Research Asthma Capitals Asthma Health Outcomes Asthma Risk Factors Top 3 City Spotlight Asthma Disparities in America My Life with Asthma AFFORD Asthma Study Allergy and Anaphylaxis Research Allergy Capitals Anaphylaxis in America Food Allergy Research Food Allergy Anaphylaxis in Infants and Toddlers My Life with Food Allergies Life with Eosinophilic Esophagitis (EoE) Eczema Research Atopic Dermatitis in America More Than Skin Deep Nasal Polyps Research Life with Nasal Polyps Climate Change Research Climate Change and Health Report Patient Focused Drug Development Asthma Eczema Food Allergy Get Involved in Research Clinical Trials Patient Engagement in Asthma Research AAFA’s Research Publications Advocacy Advocacy AAFA works to support public policies that will benefit people with asthma and allergies. Advocacy and public policy work are important for protecting the health and safety of those with asthma and allergies. We advocate for federal and state legislation as well as regulatory actions that will help you. Become an Advocate AAFA’s Positions and Statements State Honor Roll™ 2025 Advocacy Resources Accessing Your Medical Records Asthma in Schools Cost of Asthma on Society Drug Assistance Programs Health Insurance Programs How Policies Become Law Patient and Family Engagement Key Policy Issues Access to Health Care Access to Medications Asthma Quick-Relief Medicines in Schools Epinephrine in Schools and Public Places Climate and Health Clean Air Federal Programs and Funding National Asthma Control Program Food Allergies Advocacy Epinephrine in Schools Food Allergies in Child Care Settings Food Allergen Labeling Patient Focused Drug Development: Food Allergy Health Disparities Healthy Settings Get Involved Get Involved There are several ways you can support AAFA in its mission to provide education and support to patients and families living with asthma and allergies. You can make a donation, fundraise for AAFA, take action in May for Asthma and Allergy Awareness Month, and join a community to get the help and support you need. Coming Events Ways to Give Planned Giving Fundraise for AAFA Take Action Asthma and Allergy Awareness Month Eczema Awareness Month News News AAFA can connect you to all of the information and resources you need to help you learn more about asthma and allergic diseases. Newsletters Podcasts Media Press Releases Donate Get Support Join the Community Login Blog Media Empowering families, improving health Your donation fuels evidence-based solutions that help families with asthma and allergies thrive Donate Today Join our community We’re your ally in health and can help you manage asthma and allergies Register 2025 Asthma Capitals The most challenging places to live with asthma Read Report Ask the Allergist Our allergist will answer your questions about asthma and allergies Learn more Save federal programs Preventable asthma attacks and emergencies will increase Take Action Asthma Newly Diagnosed Asthma Facts Asthma Treatments Asthma Capitals School Resources Allergies Newly Diagnosed Types of Allergies Allergy Capitals Pollen & Climate Change Anaphylaxis Get the latest info about respiratory infections like COVID-19, flu, and RSV. RESOURCE CENTER > View more facts> View more facts> A Healthier Home If products pass our rigorous tests, they earn the Asthma & Allergy Friendly® Certification Mark. About Our Certification Healthier Home Checklist A Healthier Home If products pass our rigorous tests, they earn the Asthma & Allergy Friendly® Certification Mark. About Our Certification Healthier Home Checklist Stronger Together Sabeha believes in a future where asthma and allergies don’t steal moments, memories, or lives. To honor her grandmother, she hosted a concert to raise awareness and money for asthma and allergy research, education, and support because no one should have to fight to breathe. You can help save and improve lives. Donate to AAFA today! GIVE NOW > Recent News from the Asthma & Allergy Foundation of America Blog 2025 Allergy Capitals™ Report: How Location and Climate Change Affect Your Seasonal Allergies AAFA Releases 2025 State Honor Roll™ Report 2025 Asthma Capitals Report View more blog articles > Subscribe to our monthly e-newsletter Find the most current evidence-based information and news on how to better control asthma and allergies, as well as stories from patients who are living life without limits. Subscribe KFA is dedicated to saving lives and reducing the burden of food allergies through support, advocacy, education and research. Visit Website Join the Community AAFA is dedicated to improving the quality of life for people with asthma and allergic diseases. Our community is here for you 24/7.  You can connect with others who understand what it is like to live with asthma and allergies. You’re not alone. Join the Community Already a member? Sign in Join the Community AAFA is dedicated to improving the quality of life for people with asthma and allergic diseases. Our community is here for you 24/7.  You can connect with others who understand what it is like to live with asthma and allergies. You’re not alone. Join the Community Already a member? Sign in Donate Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America 1400 Crystal Drive, Suite 660, Arlington, VA 22202 Phone: 1-800-7-ASTHMA (1-800-727-8462) Contact Us About AAFA News Online Store Quick Links Asthma Capitals Asthma Symptoms Asthma Triggers Asthma Action Plan Allergy Capitals Allergy Diagnosis Allergy Symptoms Allergy Treatments AAFA Chapters Health Equity Programs Advocacy Action Alerts Fundraise for AAFA Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America 1400 Crystal Drive, Suite 660, Arlington, VA 22202 Phone: 1-800-7-ASTHMA (1-800-727-8462) Contact Us About AAFA News Online Store Quick Links Asthma Capitals Asthma Symptoms Asthma Triggers Asthma Action Plan Allergy Capitals Allergy Diagnosis Allergy Symptoms Allergy Treatments AAFA Chapters Health Equity Programs Advocacy Action Alerts Fundraise for AAFA Donate © Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America 2024. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Editorial Policy Search AAFA and the AAFA Community × × 2X Match Alert AAFA’s Board of Directors will double your gift through 12/31! DOUBLE MY IMPACT Please make your tax-deductible gift by Dec. 31