AAN Publications
Join The AAN Log In
Education Education
Education
Online Learning Center CME Opportunities NeuroTracker Leadership Programs Education Awards & Scholarships Podcasts

Discover learning and leadership opportunities, earn CME, and track credits.

See All
Research Research
Research
Abstracts Publications Awards Research Programs & Grants

Explore prestigious scientific journals and award and funding opportunities to advance your research.

See All
Practice Practice
Practice
Guidelines Quality Measures Billing & Coding Telehealth Operations Medicare Fee-for-service Benchmarking Clinical Informatics Quality Payment Program Team-based Care Practice Care Models

Access practice-improvement tools, including guidelines, measures, and practice management resources.

See All
Membership Membership
Membership
Membership Information Member Directory Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Sections & Synapse Wellness Resources Career Center

Grow your career and enhance your membership experience. Find resources for wellness, equity, diversity, and inclusion.

See All
Advocacy Advocacy
Advocacy
Neurology on the Hill Palatucci Advocacy Leadership Forum BrainPAC Advocacy Toolkit Priority Issues Position Statements Comment Letters Capitol Hill Report

Learn to effectively advocate on behalf of neurologists and their patients, and access AAN position and policy statements.

See All
Events Events
Events
Annual Meeting Fall Conference Upcoming Events On-Demand and Past Events

Attend in-person and virtual AAN events and access convenient on-demand offerings.

See All
Resources For Resources For
Resources For
Practicing Neurologists & Administrators Advanced Practice Providers & Care Team Academic Neurologists & Researchers Residents & Fellows Medical Students Brain Health Artificial Intelligence

Get tools and information for your specific career stage and professional needs.

By continuing to use our site, you agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that you’ve read our Privacy Policy. Also, this site uses cookies. Some are essential to make our site work properly, others perform functions more fully described in our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our site, you consent to the use of these cookies.

NOTICE: AAN offices closed December 25, 2025–January 1, 2026. Learn more.

Brain health for all™

New discoveries. Breakthrough treatments. Cures. It's possible when you bring the latest science and the brightest minds together.

Learn More
Latest News
Discover what's next in neurology
Welcome to your source for the latest findings, research, and news impacting neurology and neuroscience.
See All
Advocacy

Capitol Hill Report: A year of advocacy

President's Spotlight

AAN President Natalia S. Rost, MD, MPH, FAAN, FAHA, reviews the Academy’s journey through 2025.

Advocacy

AAN statement on sudden departure of NINDS Director

Neurology Career Center

Find your new career path with this guide

Press Room

How does age affect recovery from spinal cord injury?

More News
Education

Celebrating 50 years of the RITE: ‘One of the best things the Academy ever did’

Advocacy

Advocacy year in review: Speaking up for neurology in 2025

Membership

We’ve upgraded your search experience; tell us what you think!

Press Room

One in two people in the U.S. is affected by a neurological disease or disorder

Explore All AAN Publications
 
Events
Your upcoming events
See All
2026 AAN Annual Meeting
Get ready for Chicago

Join us in Chicago and online April 18–22. The AAN Annual Meeting is where the best education, innovative science, and your global neurology community come together for five unforgettable days of learning, networking, and fun.

Register Now

Renew your membership
Are you ready to renew your membership for another year of breakthrough science, career resources, networking opportunities, events, and more? Renewing today means maintaining all of these benefits and more, without any interruptions to your status and access. We're grateful to have you as a member of our community.
Explore Membership
Contact Us
Membership and Support
About the AAN
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Work at the AAN
Press Room
Industry
Advertise
Synapse Member Community
American Brain Foundation
©2025 American Academy of Neurology - All Rights Reserved
Terms of Use Code of Conduct Accessibility Privacy Policy