The AAP offices will be closed Wednesday, Dec. 24 thru Thursday, Jan. 1, 2026. Visit here for assistance.

Dismiss
AAP Home
Policy
Advocacy
PediaLink
Patient Care
Practice Management
Get Involved
Healthy Children
shopAAP
Create Account
Login
Explore AAP
Search All AAP
Donate
Home
News
Membership
Career Resources
Research
Philanthropy
About the AAP
Fact Checked: U.S. Vaccine Recommendations are Appropriate for Children in the United States

There is robust evidence to support the safety, effectiveness and necessity of U.S. vaccine recommendations.

View
What's New at the AAP
News
AAP Files Suit Against Unlawful Health Funding Cuts
Patient Care
Pediatric COVID-19 Vaccine Dosing Quick Reference Guide
News
Report: Hepatitis B Vaccine Safe; Delaying Would Lead to Increased Infections
Log In to Your Account

Access your account, the AAP Member Directory, transcripts and more. Already logged in? Find your Account here.

Become a Member

Not a member yet? Learn more about the benefits of AAP membership.

Collaborate

Connect with other AAP members and explore the AAP communities you belong to.

Community Groups

Your space to connect, discuss, and share with fellow AAP member.

Learning Opportunities

Continuing Medical Education from AAP helps you stay current in practice and provides tools and resources for every stage of your career.

See More Ways to Learn
Online Courses
Meeting your learning needs at every stage of your career.
Live & Virtual Events
Find in-person and virtual activities. We offer the best pediatric CME/CPD for the best pediatric care.
Neonatal Resuscitation Program®
The NRP® course conveys an evidence-based approach to care of the newborn at birth and facilitates effective team-based care for newborns at the time of delivery.
Career Resources

From your time as a medical student to becoming a pediatric resident and beyond, there are resources and opportunities only available through AAP.

See More Career Resources
PedJobs
The official job board, connects the nation's top health network employers with pediatricians and pediatric specialists everywhere.
Making Career Transitions
The AAP provides words of wisdom for common changes such as switching from full- to part-time, moving from clinical to administrative positions, and reentry.
Conducting Your Job Search
There are many things to consider as you embark on your career in pediatrics. The AAP is here to guide you along the way with tips on networking, how to work with recruiters, finding the right opportunities and more.
Donate

You have the power to change a life. The AAP is dedicated to the health of all children and the pediatric professionals who care for them. Your gift today makes that possible. 

The AAP Mission

We work for every child's future. The AAP's global mission is to attain optimal physical, mental, and social health and well-being for all children around the world. 

Global Health
The AAP Global Health initiative is designed for pediatricians and other child health professionals working on improving child health all over the world.
Equity, Diversity and Inclusion
From the beginning, the AAP has been guided by its mission to ensure the health and well-being of all children. This includes promoting nurturing, inclusive environments and actively opposing intolerance, bigotry, bias, and discrimination.
Explore Additional AAP Resources

Check out some helpful resources from the AAP

Mental Health Initiatives

The AAP provides recommendations and guidelines to support pediatricians and other health professionals working to address mental health concerns and promote healthy mental development.

Social Media & Youth Mental Health Q&A Portal

Our Social Media & Youth Mental Health Q&A Portal is your go-to resource for expert, evidence-based answers to real questions from youth, educators, parents, and pediatricians about the impact of social media on youth well-being.

Child Health Finance & Payment Strategy

Find resources to help with the financial aspects of pediatric care delivery. Guidance on coding, valuation, compliance and payer contracting are available.

We're 67​,000 pediatricians committed to the optimal physical, mental, and social health and well-being for all infants, children, adolescents, and young adults.
AAP Home
Policy
Advocacy
PediaLink
Practice Management
Patient Care
Get Involved
Healthy Children
shopAAP
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Auto-Renew Terms
Support Center
Contact Us
Code of Conduct

© Copyright 2025 American Academy of Pediatrics. All rights reserved.

Feedback Form

This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. Privacy Statement

Accept Cookies