Aave Products Resources Developers Aave for Web The full power of DeFi. Aave App Savings for everyone. New • Get Early Access Blog The latest news and updates. Brand Assets, examples and guides. FAQ Answers to common questions. Help & Support Guides, articles and more. Governance The Aave Governance forum. Build Integrate Aave. Documentation Technical guides for developers. Security Audit reports and information. Bug Bounty Report responsibly and get rewarded. Aave for Web Aave for Web The full power of DeFi. Aave App Savings for everyone. New • Get Early Access Resources Blog The latest news and updates. Brand Assets, examples and guides. FAQ Answers to common questions. Help & Support Guides, articles and more. Governance The Aave Governance forum. Developers Build Integrate Aave. Documentation Technical guides for developers. Security Audit reports and information. Bug Bounty Report responsibly and get rewarded. Say hello to New Aave App Earn up to 6.50% on your stablecoins with industry-leading interest rates and balance protection up to $1M. Get Early Access DeFi's largest lending network. $0B Total interest paid. $0T Cumulative deposits. $0B Total originated loan volume. The best build with Aave. Reach millions of users and access billions in capital with a few lines of code. Start Building Contact Us We chose Aave for MetaMask Earn because of its DeFi leadership, strong governance, and trusted security. Integrating Aave directly into MetaMask Earn gives users seamless access to stablecoin yield, without ever leaving their wallet. Igor Teslya , MetaMask Institutional As we bring Kraken onchain through Ink, Aave stood out as the clear choice. Its proven safety record, adaptive risk management, industry-leading risk adjusted yields that scale, and relentless innovation make it the ideal foundation for a flexible, and trusted B2B solution - built for our retail users. Andrew Koller , Founder Aave has been a critical partner in supporting USDC's growth and success since the earliest days of USDC, and has now become a key distribution partner for both USDC and the launch of new Circle stablecoins such as EURC. They deliver some of the most significant innovation, scale and liquidity in DeFi. Jeremy Allaire , Co-Founder, CEO and Chairman Aave has been a pioneer in decentralized finance, setting high standards for security, reliability, and risk management. Their achievements in building a leading lending protocol and establishing best practices around how to secure DeFi correctly has made the entire industry attractive to users and institutions. Sergey Nazarov , Co-Founder Aave has played a pivotal role in driving USDT's growth within the DeFi ecosystem. By providing stability and liquidity, USDT bridges traditional finance and crypto, forming a strong foundation when integrated with Aave. Paolo Ardoino , CEO About Aave. Earn interest. Borrow when you need. 24/7. Supply Earn interest by supplying assets to the lending network. Borrow Borrow against your collateral from across multiple networks and assets. Why choose Aave? Aave handles tens of billions of dollars across 12+ networks. Net deposits supplied across 12+ networks. Volume, past 30 days. Average stablecoin supply APY Ethereum network, past year. Average stablecoin borrow APR Ethereum network, past year. Your money, your choice. Earn Earn interest lending out assets. Swap Swap assets, even those borrowed or supplied. Save Save and earn yield with Aave's native stablecoin GHO. Health Factor Easily track your loans. Serious security. Peace of mind by design. Extensive Audits Peace of mind supported by multiple audits by the world’s leading security firms. Learn More Bug Bounty Security is a top priority. Report vulnerabilities or bugs responsibly and get rewarded. Learn More Shortfall Secured The Aave Protocol is secured with a backstop against protocol insolvency. Learn More 5 Years Strong Aave is leading the DeFi Renaissance, committed to its mission of bringing global finance onchain. Learn More GHO GHO is a decentralized stablecoin powered by Aave. Learn More % Collateralisation 30 Day Avg + GHO Minted 1 Yr Aave everywhere. Join Aave’s growing constellation of builders. Aave Chan Initiative Paladin TokenLogic Token Terminal Instadapp Skate Messari Dune Notional Chaos Labs Bored Ghost Developing DefiSaver Spectra Idle Pendle DefiLlama Brahma Symbiosis Governed by you & others. AAVE token holders guide the Aave Protocol via procedures, voting, and smart contract execution. Go to the Forum FAQs What is Aave? Aave is a decentralised non-custodial liquidity protocol where users can participate as suppliers or borrowers. Suppliers provide liquidity to the market while earning interest, and borrowers can access liquidity by providing collateral that exceeds the borrowed amount. Where are supplied tokens stored? Supplied tokens are stored in publicly accessible smart contracts that enable overcollateralised borrowing according to governance-approved parameters. The Aave Protocol smart contracts have been audited and formally verified by third parties. Does Aave have risks? No protocol can be considered entirely risk free, but extensive steps have been taken to minimize these risks as much as possible – the Aave Protocol code is publicly available and auditable by anyone, and has been audited by multiple smart contract auditors. Any code changes must be executed through the onchain governance processes. Additionally, there is an ongoing bug bounty campaign and service providers specializing in technical reviews and risk mitigation. What is the Aave token? AAVE is used as the centre of gravity of Aave Protocol governance. AAVE is used to vote and decide on the outcome of Aave Improvement Proposals (AIPs). Apart from this, AAVE can be staked within the protocol Safety Module to provide a backstop in the case of a shortfall event, and earn incentives for doing so. See More Be the first to hear about Aave news. Email Sign Up Aave.com provides information and resources about the fundamentals of the decentralised non-custodial liquidity protocol called the Aave Protocol, comprised of open-source self-executing smart contracts that are deployed on various permissionless public blockchains, such as Ethereum (the "Aave Protocol" or the "Protocol"). Aave Labs does not control or operate any version of the Aave Protocol on any blockchain network. Resources Blog Brand FAQ Case Studies Help & Support Governance Developers Build Documentation Technical Paper Security Bug Bounty Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Manage Analytics