ABBYY | The Intelligent Automation Company Marketplace Help & Support Partners English English English German Deutsch French Français Japanese 日本語 Spanish Español Product login ABBYY Vantage ABBYY Timeline ABBYY Cloud OCR SDK ABBYY FlexiCapture Cloud Platform Solutions Developers Resources Company Contact Sales Document AI Process AI ABBYY Marketplace Intelligent Document Processing Purpose-built AI document processing for efficient business process automation Document Input Seamlessly capture any document from any source OCR / ICR Supercharge AI automation with the power of reliable, accurate OCR Document Classification and Splitting Automatically sort, divide, and organize incoming documents Data Extraction and Validation Precise, reliable data extraction to power decision-making Quality Analytics Increase straight-through document processing with data-driven insights API Integrate reliable Document AI in your automation workflows with just a few lines of code IDP Analytics Measure the impact and business value of IDP programs All products Retrieval-augmented generation Get greater accuracy and quality from your LLMs by connecting them to external knowledge sources. Visit the page State of Intelligent Automation: Generative AI Confessions Our recent survey reveals the sentiments of global senior managers about their experiences with the good, the bad, and the risks of enterprise AI. View infographic Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intelligent Document Processing Solutions Access full report PROCESS UNDERSTANDING Process Discovery Find out how processes really work based on actual business data. Process Analysis Pre-built analysis tools to achieve a detailed process understanding. PROCESS OPTIMIZATION Process Monitoring Monitor each process to detect problems and take action. Process Prediction Advanced AI to predict possible adverse outcomes. Process Simulation Use process histories to build a digital twin. About ABBYY Marketplace Purpose-built AI for limitless automation. Explore Assets Kick-start your automation with pre-trained AI extraction models. Find Contributors Meet our contributors, explore assets, and more. What is ABBYY Marketplace? A rich collection of specialized AI skills, connectors, and assets to accelerate your digital transformation and automation initiatives. 11 Document Skills for Transportation & Logistics Accelerate your shipping processes and improve accuracy with ABBYY’s pre-trained AI document processing models. Download checklist 7 Document Extraction Models for Financial Services Find pre-built AI models for processing financial documents in the ABBYY Marketplace, ready to process your bank statements, utility bills, and IRS tax forms. Download checklist Intelligent Automation BY INDUSTRY Financial Services Smarter, faster banking for today’s customers. Public Sector Achieve the highest levels of security, reliability, scalability and efficiency. Insurance Strategically automate and digitize policy and claims processes with intelligent automation. Transportation & Logistics Target and remove friction from your shipments. All industry solutions BY BUSINESS PROCESS Accounts Payable Automation Streamline AP processes  with Intelligent AP automation. Document Fraud Detection Protect your organization from document fraud. Process Intelligence Gain process insights and own your processes. Know Your Customer Uncover process and content vulnerabilities, and stay compliant with KYC. All business process solutions BY TECHNOLOGY Platform Partners Learn how ABBYY works with other technologies. For Developers Build Document AI API Integrate advanced text recognition capabilities into your applications and workflows via API. RAG AI-ready document data for context grounded GenAI output with RAG. Purpose-Built AI Center Explore purpose-built AI for Intelligent Automation. Grow Documentation Everything you need to successfully deploy and use ABBYY Products. Community Connect with peers and experienced OCR, IDP, and AI professionals. MVP Program A distinguished title awarded to developers who demonstrate exceptional expertise in ABBYY AI. Library Explore Resource Center White papers, analyst reports, infographics and more. Customer Stories See how our customers use ABBYY to modernize and improve their businesses. Video & Tutorials Learn how to use ABBYY solutions. Podcasts Tune in for episodes about AI, intelligent automation, and business. Events Connect with peers and experts at online and in-person events. Insights The Intelligent Enterprise Insights and perspectives for business & technology leaders. ABBYY Blog The latest stories in Intelligent Automation, digital transformation, and the future of work. Webinars Join us to learn more about ABBYY Intelligent Automation solutions. ABBYY Ascend Digital event that features ABBYY's latest innovations and roadmap in AI and automation. Implementation Professional Services Expert support for your intelligent automation journey. Training and certification Get the most return on your investment in ABBYY Intelligent Automation solutions. Company Partners Careers About Us Leadership Team Newsroom Trust Media & Brand Center Awards Partner Program ABBYY partnership for growth. Become a Partner Join ABBYYOne Partner Network. Alliance Partners RPA, ECM, and BPM providers. Business Partners Tools and resources to ensure success. Careers Love how you work, what you work on and whom you work with. Life at ABBYY Open Roles Search Document AI Intelligent Document Processing Purpose-built AI document processing for efficient business process automation Document Input Seamlessly capture any document from any source OCR / ICR Supercharge AI automation with the power of reliable, accurate OCR Document Classification and Splitting Automatically sort, divide, and organize incoming documents Data Extraction and Validation Precise, reliable data extraction to power decision-making Quality Analytics Increase straight-through document processing with data-driven insights API Integrate reliable Document AI in your automation workflows with just a few lines of code IDP Analytics Measure the impact and business value of IDP programs All products Retrieval-augmented generation Get greater accuracy and quality from your LLMs by connecting them to external knowledge sources. Visit the page State of Intelligent Automation: Generative AI Confessions Our recent survey reveals the sentiments of global senior managers about their experiences with the good, the bad, and the risks of enterprise AI. View infographic Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intelligent Document Processing Solutions Access full report Process AI PROCESS UNDERSTANDING Process Discovery Find out how processes really work based on actual business data. Process Analysis Pre-built analysis tools to achieve a detailed process understanding. PROCESS OPTIMIZATION Process Monitoring Monitor each process to detect problems and take action. Process Prediction Advanced AI to predict possible adverse outcomes. Process Simulation Use process histories to build a digital twin. ABBYY Marketplace About ABBYY Marketplace Purpose-built AI for limitless automation. Explore Assets Kick-start your automation with pre-trained AI extraction models. Find Contributors Meet our contributors, explore assets, and more. What is ABBYY Marketplace? A rich collection of specialized AI skills, connectors, and assets to accelerate your digital transformation and automation initiatives. 11 Document Skills for Transportation & Logistics Accelerate your shipping processes and improve accuracy with ABBYY’s pre-trained AI document processing models. Download checklist 7 Document Extraction Models for Financial Services Find pre-built AI models for processing financial documents in the ABBYY Marketplace, ready to process your bank statements, utility bills, and IRS tax forms. Download checklist Intelligent Automation BY INDUSTRY Financial Services Smarter, faster banking for today’s customers. Public Sector Achieve the highest levels of security, reliability, scalability and efficiency. Insurance Strategically automate and digitize policy and claims processes with intelligent automation. Transportation & Logistics Target and remove friction from your shipments. All industry solutions BY BUSINESS PROCESS Accounts Payable Automation Streamline AP processes  with Intelligent AP automation. Document Fraud Detection Protect your organization from document fraud. Process Intelligence Gain process insights and own your processes. Know Your Customer Uncover process and content vulnerabilities, and stay compliant with KYC. All business process solutions BY TECHNOLOGY Platform Partners Learn how ABBYY works with other technologies. For Developers Build Document AI API Integrate advanced text recognition capabilities into your applications and workflows via API. RAG AI-ready document data for context grounded GenAI output with RAG. Purpose-Built AI Center Explore purpose-built AI for Intelligent Automation. Grow Documentation Everything you need to successfully deploy and use ABBYY Products. Community Connect with peers and experienced OCR, IDP, and AI professionals. MVP Program A distinguished title awarded to developers who demonstrate exceptional expertise in ABBYY AI. Library Explore Resource Center White papers, analyst reports, infographics and more. Customer Stories See how our customers use ABBYY to modernize and improve their businesses. Video & Tutorials Learn how to use ABBYY solutions. Podcasts Tune in for episodes about AI, intelligent automation, and business. Events Connect with peers and experts at online and in-person events. Insights The Intelligent Enterprise Insights and perspectives for business & technology leaders. ABBYY Blog The latest stories in Intelligent Automation, digital transformation, and the future of work. Webinars Join us to learn more about ABBYY Intelligent Automation solutions. ABBYY Ascend Digital event that features ABBYY's latest innovations and roadmap in AI and automation. Implementation Professional Services Expert support for your intelligent automation journey. Training and certification Get the most return on your investment in ABBYY Intelligent Automation solutions. Company About Us Leadership Team Newsroom Trust Media & Brand Center Awards Partners Partner Program ABBYY partnership for growth. Become a Partner Join ABBYYOne Partner Network. Alliance Partners RPA, ECM, and BPM providers. Business Partners Tools and resources to ensure success. Careers Careers Love how you work, what you work on and whom you work with. Life at ABBYY Open Roles Contact Sales Outlook for 2026: The path to AI maturity Several key trends emerged this year that reshaped how enterprises approach automation and intelligence. The conversation evolved from what AI could do to what it must do to deliver real-world business value. Read which AI themes of 2025 will accelerate and mature in 2026 in this edition of the AI Pulse newsletter. Learn more Nominations are open for the ABBYY Partner Awards 2025! This annual program celebrates the exceptional achievements of our partners, who leverage Document AI and Process AI to deliver measurable customer impact—from faster ROI and smarter workflows to groundbreaking innovations powered by GenAI and agentic AI. Submit your nomination today A message from our CEO In our latest edition of The Intelligent Enterprise, Ulf Persson reflects on the challenges and opportunities from 2025 and what he looks forward to in 2026. Read now Read now Read now ABBYY is a leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intelligent Document Processing Solutions, 2025 Read the report Read the report Read the report Nominations are open for the ABBYY Partner Awards 2025! This annual program celebrates the exceptional achievements of our partners, who leverage Document AI and Process AI to deliver measurable customer impact—from faster ROI and smarter workflows to groundbreaking innovations powered by GenAI and agentic AI. Submit your nomination today A message from our CEO In our latest edition of The Intelligent Enterprise, Ulf Persson reflects on the challenges and opportunities from 2025 and what he looks forward to in 2026. Read now Read now Read now ABBYY is a leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Intelligent Document Processing Solutions, 2025 Read the report Read the report Read the report Trusted by 10,000+ of the world’s leading companies The impact of ABBYY Intelligent Automation Emerson U.S. FDA Carlsberg Improving the customer journey with process intelligence Value right-out-of-the box Full visibility into quote-to-cash processes Simulation saved time, effort, and expense “ABBYY Process Intelligence has helped us make a real cultural change: to rely on data and make data-driven improvements.” Read the story U.S. FDA uses IDP to protect public health 99%+ capture accuracy of critical details 120+ complex fields on two dozen forms 30 year archive of forms transformed “ABBYY has brought us into the 21st century.” Read the story Carlsberg speeds time to market for beverages Accelerated deliveries and customer satisfaction 140+ hours saved per month 92% touchless order processing Using intelligent document processing, Carlsberg digitally transformed its order and delivery processes. Read the story Benefit from over 35 years of industry expertise We've developed a time-tested approach to innovation with cutting-edge technology that will transform your organization. ABBYY products deliver fast, but purposeful, insights. Our AI solutions extract actionable data from any document, no matter its format or language. You'll get practical information to help you make timely and accurate decisions on complex business challenges. Intelligent document processing ABBYY Vantage is our low-code AI document processing platform . It's a pre-trained solution that reads and extracts data from your documents in seconds. It provides 90%+ recognition accuracy right out of the box for every type of document, from invoices to identity documents. Discover ABBYY Vantage Process intelligence ABBYY Timeline is our cloud platform for process mining, task mining, and simulation . It's built to support planning and process optimization. By harnessing the data in your business processes, you’ll get actionable insights for decision making and automation investments. Discover ABBYY Timeline Intelligent automation Explore all automation solutions Accounts payable (AP) automation Use our intelligent document processing platform to expedite invoice processing with better visibility and control. There’s no invoice we can’t handle—any language, format, or structure. Discover AP automation Customer onboarding Enable customers to submit their personal data by taking a photo of their documents and simplify your registration process. Mobile customer onboarding decreases customer churn and increases retention. Discover customer onboarding Enterprise automation To transform your business processes, you need to understand them. Automate your document-heavy processes to find opportunities for improvement and enhance your customer experience. Discover enterprise automation Process mining Your information systems hold a wealth of untapped data. Our no-code platform will allow you to analyze, monitor, and simulate your processes with pre-built tools that are ready to use. Discover process mining Explore all automation solutions The Intelligent Enterprise View all articles MARKET TRENDS AI in Automation: The Need for Clarity in a Noisy Market The glut of options and unrealistic promises in the market have left many organizations frustrated and disillusioned. Still, intelligent document processing is critical to pushing automation beyond its current limits. Finding the right solution is non-negotiable. Read the article Why choose ABBYY ? Trusted Over 10,000 organizations, including Fortune 500 companies, trust us with their business-critical documents. Industry specialists continually list ABBYY as the market leader in intelligent document processing. Innovative Our low-code IDP platform modernized the automation market. Today, we are unmatched in the number of document types, formats, and languages we support, delivering 95% automation out of the box. Transformative Our decades-long focus on AI allows us to deliver results faster, stronger, and more cost-effectively. ABBYY customers enjoy a 400% increase in employee productivity and millions of dollars in cost-saving opportunities. Learn more about ABBYY Ready to get started? Schedule a demo Speak to an expert SUBSCRIBE FOR INSIGHTS Stay updated on the latest news, change your communications or opt-in preferences. Sign up Connect with us INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION SOLUTIONS Accounts Payable Automation Customer Onboarding Electronic invoices Enterprise Automation Intelligent Process Automation Process Mining Mailroom Automation Hyperautomation Forms Processing Digital Document Archiving Robotic Process Automation INDUSTRY SOLUTIONS Financial Services Insurance Transportation Public Sector Healthcare Legal Shared Services Center BPO Education PRODUCTS ABBYY Document AI ABBYY Vantage ABBYY Marketplace ABBYY FlexiCapture ABBYY FlexiCapture for Invoices ABBYY FineReader Server ABBYY FineReader PDF ABBYY Timeline DEVELOPER TOOLS FineReader Engine Vantage OCR Skill FlexiCapture Cloud FlexiCapture SDK Mobile Web Capture RESOURCES The Intelligent Enterprise ABBYY Blog Glossary Professional Services Webinars Resource Center Customer Stories Video & Tutorials Community ABBYY University ABBYY University Giveaway T&C Most Valuable Professional (MVP) PARTNERS Partner Program Overview Business Partners Alliances Process AI for Consulting Technology Integrations Become a Partner Partner Portal COMPANY About Us ABBYY Alternative Stay Updated Why ABBYY Leadership Team Trust Newsroom Events Media & Brand Center CAREERS Careers Life at ABBYY Open Roles INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION SOLUTIONS Accounts Payable Automation Customer Onboarding Electronic invoices Enterprise Automation Intelligent Process Automation Process Mining Mailroom Automation Hyperautomation Forms Processing Digital Document Archiving Robotic Process Automation INDUSTRY SOLUTIONS Financial Services Insurance Transportation Public Sector Healthcare Legal Shared Services Center BPO Education PRODUCTS ABBYY Document AI ABBYY Vantage ABBYY Marketplace ABBYY FlexiCapture ABBYY FlexiCapture for Invoices ABBYY FineReader Server ABBYY FineReader PDF ABBYY Timeline DEVELOPER TOOLS FineReader Engine Vantage OCR Skill FlexiCapture Cloud FlexiCapture SDK Mobile Web Capture RESOURCES The Intelligent Enterprise ABBYY Blog Glossary Professional Services Webinars Resource Center Customer Stories Video & Tutorials Community ABBYY University ABBYY University Giveaway T&C Most Valuable Professional (MVP) PARTNERS Partner Program Overview Business Partners Alliances Process AI for Consulting Technology Integrations Become a Partner Partner Portal COMPANY About Us ABBYY Alternative Stay Updated Why ABBYY Leadership Team Trust Newsroom Events Media & Brand Center CAREERS Careers Life at ABBYY Open Roles Cookie notice Legal Third-party trademarks Privacy policy Do not sell Vulnerability disclosure Cookie notice Legal Third-party trademarks Privacy policy Do not sell Vulnerability disclosure © 2025 ABBYY. All rights reserved.