ABC (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Skip to main content ABC Today is Wednesday 31 December 2025 Search Loading More from ABC More from ABC Close menu ABC iview Listen ABC Home News Local listen iview More Editorial Policies Read our editorial guiding principles Accessibility Help Contact Us About the ABC Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 ABC News Local listen iview TV Guide Kids Lifestyle Entertainment Sport Emergency More ABC Home Ex-Australian cricketer Damien Martyn seriously ill in induced coma Source: ABC News / Topic: Cricket Man charged with making threatening phone call to Melbourne journalist Source: ABC News / Topic: Crime Man dead and 14yo boy missing after boat capsizes at Sydney beach Source: ABC News / Topic: Drownings More ABC News Featured Celebrations face heightened security amid NYE fireworks Revellers are gathering to welcome in 2026 at various sites across Australia's major cities, including Sydney, where there is a heavy police presence in the wake of the Bondi terror attack earlier this month. Duration: 8 minutes 4 seconds 8 m Source: ABC News / Topic: Events Australian-made content and cheaper medication among January 1 changes New Year's Day brings a host of new laws, regulations and guidelines into effect. Here's a quick breakdown of some of the changes. Source: ABC News / Topic: Laws How a 'silly mistake' cost these men Sydney to Hobart glory They should be celebrating a historic win — instead, the crew of BNC is coming to terms with how a "silly mistake" cost them the "crown jewel" prize of Sydney to Hobart overall handicap. Duration: 21 seconds 21 s Source: ABC News / Topic: Sailing Editor's Choice How illegitimate regulators operate in the name of a tiny African island An ABC investigation has identified several individuals involved in a network of illegitimate corporate regulators and service firms. Source: Story Lab / Topic: Financial Services Winning year for Aussie beef, despite Trump's tariffs When Donald Trump enforced a 10 per cent tariff on Australian beef, there were some concerns it would impact trade. But the opposite happened. Source: Landline / Topic: Tariffs Clean-up begins after WA's north endures 'absolutely terrifying' cyclone Emergency services travel to the Dampier Peninsula to assess the damage caused by the category three system, which crossed the coast on Tuesday afternoon. Source: ABC Kimberley / Topic: Cyclones Socceroos striker cut down by injury Martin Boyle, no stranger to the heartache of missing major tournaments with the Socceroos, was taken off after injuring his hamstring for Hibernian in the Scottish Premiership. Source: ABC News / Topic: Scotland Soccer Meet the young artists pushing the boundaries of glassmaking The art of glassblowing was popularised in a recent reality TV series, but these Australian artists are forging their own paths in the creative process of sculpting this tricky medium. Source: ABC Arts / Topic: Visual Art Loading Summer living Punchy, bright and crunchy: Here are seven salads for summer Summer is the season for salad, and in that spirit, we've gathered seven of our finest together for you. Source: ABC Lifestyle / Topic: Recipes How Australian cities will ring in the new year There are plenty of free events around the country to see out 2025 and welcome 2026. See what's happening in your city. Source: ABC News / Topic: Community and Multicultural Festivals A quick guide to which fibres to wear this summer What our clothes are made of can make a big difference when it comes to keeping cool, but not all fabrics are created equal. Here is what to look for — and avoid — during the warmer months. Source: ABC News / Topic: Fashion Burnout, landlines and a lost trekker: 13 reads for a holiday weekend Here we've gathered a bunch of other things to read while you're relaxing over summer. Source: ABC News / Topic: Community and Society More on Summer living Loading Popular Podcasts on ABC listen Carousel The best conversations of the year Big moments that changed the course of history What's really going on behind the biggest news stories Answering the health questions everyone's asking Big stories from across Australia Global news and how to make sense of it Inside the courtroom for Australia's biggest trials The biggest issues and stories in cricket Political coverage you can trust The stories you're obsessed with Explore a world of mind, brain and behaviour Solving the mysteries of the world, with science! The health stories that make a difference Your favourite Bluey tales, read by big Bluey fans The health & relationship issues setting your group chat on fire Award-winning True Crime News Daily True stories not everyone will want you to hear The weirdest elements of our natural world The scientist spy who stole the atomic bomb Slide 1 Moments in  History Inside Big Ben, a London icon that's been ringing since 1859 It's among the world's most photographed landmarks, a symbol of the United Kingdom and an engineering marvel. And for London's Big Ben the most important night of the year is fast approaching. Source: ABC News / Topic: Human Interest How history nearly repeated with a fan's attack on a Beatles star Unlike his former bandmate John Lennon, George Harrison survived an attack by a fan, but the musician's friends and family speculated it hastened his death less than two years later. Source: Today in History / Topic: Music Quiz: How well do you remember this week in history? Test your knowledge with questions about Shane Warne, Frank Sinatra and Australia's first stamp. Source: Quiz / Topic: History The day Roosevelt approved the Manhattan Project On December 28, 1942, a US president formally approved an investment in the top-secret project to create nuclear weapons. Source: Today in History / Topic: History Editorial Standards Read about our editorial guiding principles and the standards ABC journalists and content makers follow. Discover more of the ABC on our apps Find out how to download your favourite app. ABC iview Video on demand ABC News Australia's most trusted news ABC listen Radio & podcasts triple j Live stream music radio ABC Kids Entertainment for pre-schoolers ABC Kids listen Music, stories and podcasts Help How can we help you? Where can I listen to live sport on ABC Radio? How do I sign up for an ABC Account? How do I link my TV to my ABC Account? More Help Back to top Footer ABC Stay informed and entertained with ABC Australia. Access live events, news, audio and on-demand video streaming from the nation's most trusted broadcaster. More from ABC We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the
  First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we
  live, learn and work. Sections News Local listen iview TV Guide KIDS Lifestyle Entertainment Sports Emergency Indigenous Careers Connect with ABC Facebook YouTube Instagram TikTok X (formerly Twitter) Sign up to our newsletters Sign up to get the latest on your favourite topics from the ABC. Go to ABC newsletters Editorial Policies Accessibility Help Contact Us About the ABC Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 ABC