abc11.com - ABC11 WTVD Raleigh Durham Fayetteville North Carolina News 24/7 Live Raleigh Durham Fayetteville Surrounding Area Latest 7-day forecast ABC Price Tracker ABC11 Troubleshooter Submit a News Tip ABC11 Together How to Report Closing or Delay NC flu cases surge as subclade K variant spreads 'efficiently' Hospitalizations for flu-like illness have increased for nine straight weeks across North Carolina, the NCDHHS says. 2 hours ago Live ABC11 24/7 Streaming Channel ABC11 Eyewitness News @ 5PM 1:00 AM GMT ABC11 Eyewitness News @ 6PM 2:00 AM GMT ABC11 Eyewitness News @ 5PM 2:30 AM GMT ABC11 True Crime: Green Beret Murder 3:30 AM GMT Body found in search for missing Texas teen, no foul play suspected 35 minutes ago Audit of NC Education Lottery reveals decline in money to schools 2 hours ago Neighbors recall 'kind-hearted' mom killed in Fayetteville home fire 42 minutes ago Wind gust blows small plane blown off runway during landing attempt 1 hour ago Cold today, seasonable to ring in the new year 34 minutes ago Dad of NASCAR driver dies after house fire, mom critically hurt Kennedy Center renaming prompts new round of cancellations Tatiana Schlossberg, JFK's granddaughter, has died at 35 Featured Stories District New Year's Eve Spectacular 2025 in downtown Fayetteville Ryan Seacrest, Rita Ora ready for 'New Year's Rockin' Eve' celebration 12 minutes ago What's open and closed on New Year's Day? 2025 year in review: ABC11's top stories of the past 12 months The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds 2 hours ago The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Live Channels ABC11 24/7 Streaming Channel Watch Eyewitness News, First Alert Weather, and original programming. ABC News Live Watch ABC News live news stream and get 24/7 latest, breaking news coverage, and live video. LIVE: ABC11 First Alert Doppler Net True Crime Channel Uncover gripping real-life mysteries, shocking criminal cases, and the most riveting crime stories - 24/7. True crime, true consequences. Car Chase Channel A 24/7 channel documenting car chases across America.

Previously recorded chases from across the country. On The Red Carpet Channel Watch star-studded interviews from red carpet premieres, plus go behind the scenes of some of Hollywood's most popular movies and TV shows. Localish We celebrate the good in America's communities: Good news. Good people. Good living. ABC11 Troubleshooter Contact Troubleshooter Diane Wilson Holiday Travel Warning: How to avoid scams on the road and in the air NC customers want answers after locked out of storage unit for days Wake County man pleads guilty in service dog scam ABC11 Together HIGH: LOW: District New Year's Eve Spectacular 2025 in downtown Fayetteville ABC11 Together Food Drive surpasses goal Durham nonprofit issues call to help sponsor families for Christmas Families Together is the December Triangle NC Cares Award winner Sponsored Trending Videos Evening weather forecast Audit of NC Education Lottery reveals decline in money to schools Small plane blown off runway during touch-and-go exercises Get ABC11 news delivered to your inbox twice a day Enter your email address to sign up for our daily newsletter. See our list of newsletters here Email Sign me up By providing my email address, I agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy . Shop ABC11 North Carolina Shutterstock Best New Year deals and sales Shop the best after-Christmas sales from brands like Crate & Barrel, Amazon and Roku. Amazon Your New Year's Eve party essentials shopping list Amazon Best friend gifts that scream "I get you" Adidas Most searched for Christmas gift ideas Amazon Holiday gift ideas for pets ABC11 Troubleshooter Contact Troubleshooter Diane Wilson If you feel you've been ripped off or scammed, she wants to hear from you. Holiday Travel Warning: How to avoid scams on the road and in the air Wake County man pleads guilty in service dog scam Odometer fraud costing used car buyers thousands; NC 10th in nation NC customers want answers after locked out of storage unit for days Holiday scams on the rise as last-minute shoppers rush to buy The new way scammers targeting your credit cards, packages and car ABC11 Together ABC11 Together Food Drive surpasses goal Families Together is the December Triangle NC Cares Award winner Sponsored Make holiday magic, support Toys for Tots Durham nonprofit issues call to help sponsor families for Christmas Support adults with cystic fibrosis at The Lung Run in Cary Durham church provides 5-star Thanksgiving experience District New Year's Eve Spectacular 2025 in downtown Fayetteville The City of Fayetteville and Cool Spring Downtown District are pleased to announce the return of A District New Year's Eve Spectacular for its fifth year. ABC11 Together is a proud sponsor of the event. U.S. & World Bexar County Sheriff's Office Body found in search for missing Texas teen, no foul play suspected Officials said they have found a body in the search for missing Camila Mendoza Olmos, who was last seen on Christmas Eve. 35 minutes ago AP Photo/Nic Coury, File Meta buys startup Manus in latest move to advance AI efforts 2 hours ago Tatiana Schlossberg, JFK's granddaughter, has died at 35 Patriots wide receiver Diggs faces strangulation charge Stacey Salter Moore/ (David Woo/American Kennel Club via AP) The American Kennel Club adds 3 breeds 2 hours ago Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud Kennedy Center renaming prompts new round of cancellations Localish This picnic experience in North Carolina is like no other Tank Town USA Did you know real mozzarella cheese is made from water buffalo milk? People tailgate for hours to eat at Beefmastor Inn in Wilson This family built an alpine coaster This kids museum's new STEAM exhibit focuses on open play Dance, music, and culture shine at powwows From regalia to rhythms, discover the vibrant traditions and unity that make powwows a powerful celebration of Indigenous identity and culture. Promotions Share Your ABC11 Military Heroes! Sponsored Local Spotlight: EV Savings, Value, and Performance Sponsored ABC11 Local Spotlight: United Healthcare Topics Home Weather Traffic Watch Photos Apps Regions Raleigh Durham Fayetteville Surrounding Area More Content U.S. & World North Carolina ABC11 I-Team ABC11 Troubleshooter Entertainment Sweepstakes Company About ABC11 Contact Us Send us your photos & videos ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Children's Privacy Policy Your US State Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File FCC Applications Copyright © 2025 ABC, Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved.