Birmingham News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Leeds police arrest California woman in multi-state credit card fraud investigation Leeds Police are investigating a multi-state credit and debit card fraud case after a victim reported more than $12,000 in unauthorized charges.The police depar Man arrested after chaotic chase ends at Buc-ee's in Leeds A 31-year-old man was arrested last month following a series of incidents that began with a reported retail theft and ended at the Buc-ee’s on Buc-ee’s Boulevar One taken to hospital after fire on Terrace Road in Birmingham Birmingham Fire and Rescue Service crews responded to a residential structure fire in the 4600 block of Terrace Road on Wednesday afternoon.The fire department UAB Medicine expands mental health services with new clinics UAB Medicine will launch four new clinical services in the fourth quarter of 2025, expanding access to patient-centered mental health care across the region. Th Local Alabama News Nation & World Offbeat Videos Live News Connect to Congress Inside Your World Soar Amazing America Question of the Day Beyond The Podium Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Election Returns Crisis in the Classroom Your Health Matters Entertainment Alabama Champions Black History Month Pothole Patrol Unsolved Alabama Dollars and Decisions Operation Crime and Justice Weather Current Weather Birmingham Clear 51 F 65 / 30 Today 65 / 30 Thursday 65 / 42 Friday 63 / 56 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar 7 Day Planner WX Blog Traffic Closings School Closing Log-In Hurricane Center Severe Weather Radio Partners Area Storm Shelters ABC 33/40 Weather App Weather Maps Weather Cameras Sports Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Tide rolls over Yale 102-78: SEC play next vs. Kentucky Saturday In its last non-conference game of the season, Alabama rolled over Yale 102-78. Aden Holloway scored a career high 26 points and dished out seven assists. Hollo Georgia Southern beats Appalachian State 29-10, wins Birmingham Bowl OJ Arnold had 152 yards rushing on 11 carries, Terrance Gibbs and Weston Bryant each had a rushing touchdown, and Georgia Southern beat Appalachian State 29-10 Birmingham Bowl unites Sun Belt rivals, spirited fans at Protective Stadium The Birmingham Bowl brought Sun Belt rivals Appalachian State and Georgia Southern together at Protective Stadium, drawing thousands of fans who packed the stan The Dynasty Friday Night Rivals More Sports UAB University of Alabama Auburn University Local Colleges High School Scoreboard TICKETS Tide and Tigers Drive for a Title City Guide I-Team I-Team I-Team: Accountability & Impact: A Year of Investigations That Made a Difference From City Hall to small-town streets, the ABC 33/40 I-Team has spent the past year focused on truth, transparency, and impact &mdash; following the facts, tracking pr Out-of-state squatters ordered off property after neighbors' complaints in Walker County Walker County Sheriff Nick Smith released information Tuesday morning on a raid at an encampment on York Mountain Road in Empire. Neighbors had complained for m 'Don't do it': Authorities warn about dangers of celebratory gunfire It's a split-second decision that can have deadly consequences, as the New Year begins, police and neighbors are warning about celebratory gunfire. 'It's a bright spot': Drivers surprised with gift cards during traffic stops in Margaret Flashing blue lights usually signal trouble for drivers, but this holiday season in Margaret, some traffic stops ended with smiles instead of citations.Margaret Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 51 ° Thu 59 ° Fri 59 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Alabama News Nation & World Offbeat Videos Live News Connect to Congress Inside Your World Soar Amazing America Question of the Day Beyond The Podium Spotlight on America Healthy Home Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Election Returns Crisis in the Classroom Your Health Matters Entertainment Alabama Champions Black History Month Pothole Patrol Unsolved Alabama Dollars and Decisions Operation Crime and Justice Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar 7 Day Planner WX Blog Traffic Closings School Closing Log-In Hurricane Center Severe Weather Radio Partners Area Storm Shelters ABC 33/40 Weather App Weather Maps Weather Cameras Sports Down Arrow Sports Home The Dynasty Friday Night Rivals More Sports UAB University of Alabama Auburn University Local Colleges High School Scoreboard TICKETS Tide and Tigers Drive for a Title City Guide I-Team Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Features Down Arrow Features Home Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Drummond Company Heart of Education Awards KidCam Newsletter Sign Up On ABC 33/40 Down Arrow On ABC 33/40 Home Contact Us Our Team Job Center EEO Information Terms Copyright Privacy Advertising Programming Contest Info Newsletter Sign Up Talk of Alabama Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Man arrested after Birmingham woman found dead in fire ruled homicide Mekayla Rembert, a 32-year-old woman from Birmingham was found dead in a burnt detached garage on the 1200 block of 16th Street SW on December 23, 2025.After ex Arrest made after bicyclist struck in hit-and-run in Pelham One person was arrested after a bicyclist was injured in a hit-and-run incident in Pelham Wednesday morning.The Pelham Police Department said the incident happ From violence to devastation: A look back at ABC 33/40’s top stories of 2025 Millions of people visited the ABC 33/40 News website in 2025, following thousands of stories we covered. This year saw ABC 33/40 News covering breaking news an One taken to hospital after fire on Terrace Road in Birmingham Birmingham Fire and Rescue Service crews responded to a residential structure fire in the 4600 block of Terrace Road on Wednesday afternoon.The fire department Police respond to crash with injuries on I-65 in Calera Police responded to a crash with injuries in Calera Wednesday afternoon.The Calera Police Department said the crash happened on Interstate 65 NB at the 235 mil I-Team: Accountability & Impact: A Year of Investigations That Made a Difference From City Hall to small-town streets, the ABC 33/40 I-Team has spent the past year focused on truth, transparency, and impact &mdash; following the facts, tracking pr 77-year-old man dies in single-vehicle crash in Bessemer A 77-year-old man from Hueytown, Alabama, died after his vehicle collided with a tree in the 2300 block of 19th Street North in Bessemer.The Jefferson County Co MN fraud allegations: House Oversight Chairman announces hearing House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer, R-Ky., announced Wednesday that there would be a hearing on the alleged Minnesota fraud on January 7. Epstein files dominate headlines in 2025: Timeline At the start of President Donald Trump’s administration, many supporters of the president requested transparency when it came to the disgraced Jeffrey Epstein. VOTE: Should immigrants involved in Minnesota fraud be immediately deported? Do you think the immigrants who were involved in the Minnesota fraud should be immediately deported? Local News Leeds police arrest California woman in multi-state credit card fraud investigation Leeds Police are investigating a multi-state credit and debit card fraud case after a victim reported more than $12,000 in unauthorized charges.The police depar Man arrested after chaotic chase ends at Buc-ee's in Leeds A 31-year-old man was arrested last month following a series of incidents that began with a reported retail theft and ended at the Buc-ee’s on Buc-ee’s Boulevar UAB Medicine expands mental health services with new clinics UAB Medicine will launch four new clinical services in the fourth quarter of 2025, expanding access to patient-centered mental health care across the region. Th Human skeletal remains found in abandoned Birmingham house Human skeletal remains were discovered inside an abandoned house at 1876 Alabama Ave. SW in Birmingham on December 30, 2025.The Jefferson County Coroner says th The Weather Authority: Warming trend begins and rain returns From the Weather Blog:COLD START: Temperatures are below freezing across Alabama this morning, but a warming trend will begin this afternoon with temperatures r Former Jefferson County Schools Superintendent arrested Warren Craig Pouncey was booked into the Baldwin County Corrections Center Tuesday Morning and released shortly after.Pouncey was booked on 15 counts of use of Birmingham City Council approves $1.8 million in violence prevention contracts BIRMINGHAM, Ala. &mdash; The Birmingham City Council has approved four violence prevention contracts totaling $1.8 million, extending funding for the programs through See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Nation & World 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it hit three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs, killing three people. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. Conservatives on X threaten a 2026 tax revolt amid Minnesota fraud reports Multiple prominent conservatives on the social media platform, X, say they won’t pay taxes in 2026 amid all the reports of fraud coming out of Minnesota. National Guard to exit Chicago, LA, Portland: Trump President Donald Trump said he's removing the National Guard from three major cities at the center of his so-called crime crackdown. Trump's executive orders test limits of presidential power in second term President Donald Trump has signed more than 200 executive orders in his second term, surpassing the total issued by Joe Biden during his entire presidency. See More Right arrow Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Birmingham Bowl unites Sun Belt rivals, spirited fans at Protective Stadium The Birmingham Bowl brought Sun Belt rivals Appalachian State and Georgia Southern together at Protective Stadium, drawing thousands of fans who packed the stan Tide rolls over Yale 102-78: SEC play next vs. Kentucky Saturday In its last non-conference game of the season, Alabama rolled over Yale 102-78. Aden Holloway scored a career high 26 points and dished out seven assists. Hollo See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Coosa Pines Federal Credit Union | Talk of Alabama | 12.17.2025 For more information about services provided by Coosa Pines Federal Credit Union, visit coosapinesfcu.org SPONSORED City of Bessemer Christmas Parade | 12.1.2025 The City of Bessemer will host the 2025 Christmas Parade, Saturday, December 13th. Registration is still open. SPONSORED Visit Florida, America 250 | Talk of Alabama | 12.8.2025 For more information visit america250fl.com SPONSORED Revolution Roofing | Talk of Alabama | 12.15.2025 For more information about Revolution Roofing visit revolutionroofingco.com SPONSORED FloorTek| Talk of Alabama | 12.16.2025 For more information about FloorTek call 205-341.0880. SPONSORED Levy's Fine Jewelry | Talk of Alabama | 12.17.2025 Levy's Fine Jewelry is located at 2116 2nd Avenue NorthBirmingham, ALPhone- 205-251-3381Instagram- @levysfjWebsite- www.levysfinejewelry.com SPONSORED Cullman County Tourism | Talk of Alabama | 12.15.2025 For more information about Cullman County Tourism head to visitcullman.com SPONSORED 2025 Festival of Lights | Talk of Alabama | 12.17.2025 The City of Oxford's, 2025 Festival of Lights will run through January 4, 2026.For ticket information, visit oxfordfestivaloflights.com SPONSORED City of Irondale | Talk of Alabama | 12.16.2025 The City of Irondale is hosting a Menorah Lighting celebration alongside a ham giveaway this week. SPONSORED Best Cars under 30K with Cars.com | Talk of Alabama | 12.12.2025 For more information about new car trends, what to look for, visit cars.com SPONSORED The Shops at Grand River | Talk of Alabama | 11.25.2025 For more information about the Shops at Grand River visit shopsofgrandriver.com SPONSORED Dairy Alliance: Christmas Eve Meal Prep | Talk of Alabama | 12.10.2025 If you're looking for something to make a no fuss, no muss pre-holiday meal, check out these three dishes you can make in under an hour. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Talk of Alabama Yutaka: College 2 Careers | Talk of Alabama | 12.30.2026 For more information about FAME USA, visitNCAL Chapter West Shore Home | Talk of Alabama | 12.24.2025 For more information visit westshorehome.com District 3 Survey| Talk of Alabama | 12.24.2025 Birmingham residents who live in District 3 are encouraged to fill out the District 3 survey, listed below. https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/BL8B9KL Navigating the Holidays with Sensory Sensitivities| 12.22.2025 Navigating new sights, and sounds during the holiday season can create a sense of anxiety, dread, or sensory overload for individuals living with an autism diag Breakfast Slider: Dean's Sausage | Talk of Alabama | 12.19.2025 Whether you're looking to serve breakfast, or a little pre-game snack, Dean's Sausage has you covered. Shelby Humane Holiday Events | Talk of Alabama | 12.19.2025 Shelby County Humane's 6th Annual, student led, &ldquo;’Twas the Night Before Christmas&rdquo; event kicks off December 23, 2025, at the shelter.For more information visit American Diabetes Association | Talk of Alabama | 12.19.2025 The Standards of Care in Diabetes (Standards of Care) are the gold standard in evidence-based guidelines for diagnosing and managing diabetes and prediabetes. Pathways | Talk of Alabama | 12.19.2025 Pathways provides help, housing and childcare assistance for women navigating homelessness and joblessness. Re-Bath Alabama | Talk of Alabama | 12.18.2025 To sign up for your consultation visit rebath.com Ox Foundation Solutions | Talk of Alabama | 12.18.2025 To schedule your consultation, or learn more about your foundation solutions visit oxfoundations.com Birmingham Bulls Kid Hat Night| Talk of Alabama | 12.18.2025 The Birmingham Bulls will host kid hat night, Friday, December 26, 2025, as they prepare to take on the Macon Mayhem. Birmingham Kwanzaa Movement 2025 | Talk of Alabama | 12.18.2025 For more information about the Birmingham Kwanzaa Movement 2025 visit Birmingham Kwanzaa Movement The Resting Place of Pelham | Talk of Alabama | 12.18.2025 The Resting Place of Pelham is a day resource center, designed to aid unhoused and low income women and children of Shelby County. "Oh Come All Ye Faithful" | Talk of Alabama | 12.18.2025 Pelham BEAT | Talk of Alabama | 12.18.2025 There's a snowman showdown taking place right now in Pelham City Park, and your chance to choose the best man is winding down. Voting wraps today at noon. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page I-Team Out-of-state squatters ordered off property after neighbors' complaints in Walker County Walker County Sheriff Nick Smith released information Tuesday morning on a raid at an encampment on York Mountain Road in Empire. Neighbors had complained for m 'Don't do it': Authorities warn about dangers of celebratory gunfire It's a split-second decision that can have deadly consequences, as the New Year begins, police and neighbors are warning about celebratory gunfire. 'It's a bright spot': Drivers surprised with gift cards during traffic stops in Margaret Flashing blue lights usually signal trouble for drivers, but this holiday season in Margaret, some traffic stops ended with smiles instead of citations.Margaret See More Right arrow Auto Matters Luxury car brand Jaguar to go all-electric by 2025 LONDON (AP) &mdash; Struggling luxury car brand Jaguar will be fully electric by 2025, the British company said Monday as it outlined a plan to phase out internal combustion engines. Jaguar Land Rover, which is owned by Indian conglomerate Tata Motors, hopes the move will help turn around the fortunes of the 86-year-old Jaguar brand, which for many epitomizes class but has struggled in recent years. Volkswagen to close Europe plants for two weeks FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) &mdash; Volkswagen said Tuesday it would close most of its European plants for two weeks due to uncertainty about demand for cars and supplies of parts amid the virus outbreak. CEO Herbert Diess made the announcement at the start of the company's annual news conference. The dpa news agency, citing employee representatives, said that the last shifts would run this Friday in most locations. Goodbye gas: Volvo to make only electric vehicles by 2030 Volvo says it will make only electric vehicles by 2030. But if you want one, you'll have to buy it online. The Swedish automaker said Tuesday that it is phasing out the production of all cars with internal combustion engines &mdash; including hybrids. "There is no long-term future for cars with an internal combustion engine," said Henrik Green, Volvo's chief technology officer. Volvo's announcement follows General Motors'  pledge earlier this year to make only battery-powered vehicles by 2035. Fiat Chrysler, Peugeot shareholders vote on merger MILAN (AP) &mdash; The marriage of carmakers PSA Peugeot and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles is built on the promise of cost-savings in the capital-hungry industry, but what remains to be seen is if it will be able to preserve jobs and heritage brands in a global market still suffering from the pandemic. PSA Peugeot shareholders on Monday overwhelmingly approved the deal to create the world's fourth-largest carmaker, to be called Stellantis, with the capacity to produce 8. See More Right arrow Question of the Day VOTE: Do you support President Trump's efforts to end DEI programs? Do you support President Trump's efforts to end DEI programs? VOTE: Should the gov't allow parents more options for where their children go to school? Do you think the government should allow parents more options for where their children go to school? VOTE: Should elected officials be held criminally responsible for fraud? Should elected officials be held criminally responsible for fraud? See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.