Columbus News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Resident sues Worthington to halt deer management program A Worthington resident filed a lawsuit against the city seeking to stop its deer management program set to begin next year. Ohio lawmaker calls for investigation into potential daycare fraud in Columbus As a high-profile fraud scandal involving daycares unfolds in Minnesota, similar allegations are now being raised on social media in Ohio. Families enjoy magic and fun at 'Noon Year's Eve' Columbus library parties Central Ohio families celebrated an early start to 2026 with "Noon Year's Eve" parties at several branches of the Columbus Metropolitan Library on Tuesday. OSU's Caleb Downs is quite the CFP veteran heading into the quarterfinals against Miami Caleb Downs had to be reminded that he was getting ready for his sixth College Football Playoff game. Local Nation & World Election Crisis in the Classroom Building Ohio’s Future: Intel & Beyond Entertainment Offbeat Videos Amazing America Connect to Congress News Links Traffic Good News News App Back to School Photo Galleries Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Beyond the Podium Question of the Day` Spotlight on America Highlighting the Helpers Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Health Matters Missing Did You Know? Weather Current Weather Columbus PM Snow Showers 29 F 33 / 14 Today 33 / 14 Thursday 25 / 21 Friday 33 / 22 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Weather 101 Weather App Closings School-Scout Visits On Your Side On Your Side Sharpshooters to target deer in Worthington residential neighborhoods in January Residents of Worthington are expressing concerns over a new deer management program set to begin in January. AAA reports record holiday travel despite economic concerns; gas prices fuel journey The holiday travel season has officially begun, with more than 122 million Americans expected to travel between Dec. 20 and New Year's Day, according to AAA. 'Good, innocent people' detained as ICE raids across Columbus spark fear, confusion Social media is abuzz with reports of ICE raids across central Ohio, leading to growing concerns among local communities. Columbus 'ahead of the curve,’ but report finds mental health crisis teams underused Mental health calls were the focus of a Columbus City Council meeting as members reviewed the effectiveness of the city’s alternative crisis response teams. 6 On Your Side Problem Solvers Investigators Resources Send Us Your Tip Pump Patrol Scoring Our Schools Senior Expo Sports Sports OSU's Caleb Downs is quite the CFP veteran heading into the quarterfinals against Miami Caleb Downs had to be reminded that he was getting ready for his sixth College Football Playoff game. Jeremiah Smith opted for OSU, and now faces his hometown Hurricanes in CFP Cotton Bowl Two years after the nation's No. 1 recruit signed with Ohio State instead of staying home, Jeremiah Smith and the Buckeyes face Miami in the Cotton Bowl. Chip Kelly lands new job as Northwestern's offensive coordinator after firing by Raiders Chip Kelly didn't have to wait long to land his next job. Still debating? Here are some Cotton Bowl road trip tips! If you're planning a last-minute road trip to be at or around the Cotton Bowl in Arlington, Texas, on New Year's Eve, here's what you should know.The trip from The Script The Football Fever The Triple Option Columbus Crew Bengals Ohio State Sports Buckeye Basketball Blue Jackets Clippers High School Football Extras Beyond the Game TICKETS City Guide Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 29 ° Thu 25 ° Fri 33 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Nation & World Election Crisis in the Classroom Building Ohio’s Future: Intel & Beyond Entertainment Offbeat Videos Amazing America Connect to Congress News Links Traffic Good News News App Back to School Photo Galleries Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Beyond the Podium Question of the Day` Spotlight on America Highlighting the Helpers Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Health Matters Missing Did You Know? Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Weather 101 Weather App Closings School-Scout Visits On Your Side Down Arrow On Your Side Home 6 On Your Side Problem Solvers Investigators Resources Send Us Your Tip Pump Patrol Scoring Our Schools Senior Expo Sports Down Arrow Sports Home The Script The Football Fever The Triple Option Columbus Crew Bengals Ohio State Sports Buckeye Basketball Blue Jackets Clippers High School Football Extras Beyond the Game TICKETS City Guide Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Newsletter Sign Up About Down Arrow About Home Contact People Careers Contests Programming Partner Spotlight Sinclair Cares Newsletter Sign Up NextGen TV Positively Columbus Down Arrow Positively Columbus Home Career Connections Arts/Entertainment Sizzlin' Summer Community Events Toys for Tots Columbus Region Motivate Your Monday Healthy Home For Pet's Sake Focusing on your Finances Beat the Stigma Souper Bowl of Caring Buckeye Eclipse 2024 Home Pros Good Day Columbus Down Arrow Good Day Columbus Home Around Town Recipes Good Day Gardening Celebrating Our Teachers Good Day Extra ABC 6 YouTube Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices WSYX EEO Public File Report WSYX FCC Info WSYX FCC Applications WTTE EEO Public File Report WTTE FCC Info WTTE FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Snow On The Way! Two rounds of snow are expected around Central Ohio on Wednesday. Forecast Live Traffic Share Your Pics Close Columbus Weather: Mostly cloudy and cold today with more snow showers this evening Cold & breezy today with mostly cloudy skies and a few flurries. We have two rounds of light snow on the way within the next few days. Police ID man, woman found shot dead inside Columbus home A man and a woman were found dead inside a home in the Weinland Park neighborhood on Tuesday morning. Ohio lawmaker calls for investigation into potential daycare fraud in Columbus As a high-profile fraud scandal involving daycares unfolds in Minnesota, similar allegations are now being raised on social media in Ohio. VOTE: Should immigrants involved in Minnesota fraud be immediately deported? Do you think the immigrants who were involved in the Minnesota fraud should be immediately deported? Ex-FBI agent says Minnesota's Medicaid fraud prevention layer won't solve current problem Recently the Minnesota Department of Human Services announced that it would be adding another layer of verification for Medicaid payments to prevent fraud. Person killed in crash in south Columbus A person was killed in a car crash on Tuesday morning near the intersection of US-23 and Rathmell Road in south Columbus. Families enjoy magic and fun at 'Noon Year's Eve' Columbus library parties Central Ohio families celebrated an early start to 2026 with "Noon Year's Eve" parties at several branches of the Columbus Metropolitan Library on Tuesday. Resident sues Worthington to halt deer management program A Worthington resident filed a lawsuit against the city seeking to stop its deer management program set to begin next year. Franklin County plow crews prepare for New Year's Eve snowfall As a New Year’s Eve snowfall approaches Central Ohio, the Franklin County Engineer’s Office and the Ohio Department of Transportation are working to keep roads Jeremiah Smith opted for OSU, and now faces his hometown Hurricanes in CFP Cotton Bowl Two years after the nation's No. 1 recruit signed with Ohio State instead of staying home, Jeremiah Smith and the Buckeyes face Miami in the Cotton Bowl. Local News OSU's Caleb Downs is quite the CFP veteran heading into the quarterfinals against Miami Caleb Downs had to be reminded that he was getting ready for his sixth College Football Playoff game. Still debating? Here are some Cotton Bowl road trip tips! If you're planning a last-minute road trip to be at or around the Cotton Bowl in Arlington, Texas, on New Year's Eve, here's what you should know.The trip from New bill would rename part of Ohio interstate to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway A section of a busy Ohio interstate may be renamed to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway if a new bill passes. Program gives students hands-on design experience Around town, there's a program allowing high schoolers to help design Columbus' future. Waffle Way Cafe opens in Westerville providing a unique take on the sweet treat Waffle Way Cafe, a new culinary gem in Westerville, is quickly gaining popularity for its unique offerings.Known for its "waffle way balls," the cafe serves a Ohioans for Cannabis Choice challenges new cannabis laws with referendum Ohioans for Cannabis Choice has filed signatures for a referendum on Senate Bill 56, aiming to prevent the re-criminalization of the cannabis industry. Ohio State fans scoop up Scarlet and Gray gear as Cotton Bowl trip approaches Even as the holiday season winds down, OSU fans are still packing stores in search of Scarlet and Gray gear ahead of the Buckeyes’ trip to the Cotton Bowl. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Police ID man, woman found shot dead inside Columbus home A man and a woman were found dead inside a home in the Weinland Park neighborhood on Tuesday morning. New bill would rename part of Ohio interstate to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway A section of a busy Ohio interstate may be renamed to President Donald Trump Freedom Highway if a new bill passes. Columbus Weather: Mostly cloudy and cold today with more snow showers this evening Cold & breezy today with mostly cloudy skies and a few flurries. We have two rounds of light snow on the way within the next few days. Resident sues Worthington to halt deer management program A Worthington resident filed a lawsuit against the city seeking to stop its deer management program set to begin next year. Columbus Auto Show cancelled for second consecutive year The Columbus Auto Show has been canceled for the second year in a row, according to a post on its website. Nation & World CIA linked to drone strike on Venezuelan dock allegedly used by drug smugglers: sources Trump described it as a &ldquo;major explosion&rdquo; at a location where boats accused of smuggling drugs were loaded. Oregon Somali community reacts to national rhetoric on Minnesota fraud allegations A surge of federal officers are cracking down on immigration in Minnesota after fresh allegations of fraud against daycares run by Somali residents. Court order suggests DOJ pushed Abrego Garcia prosecution after mistaken deportation His case drew national attention after he was mistakenly deported to El Salvador in March and brought back to the United States in June under a court order. Fact Check Team: Exploring the roots of US-Venezuela conflict Tensions between the United States and Venezuela are once again climbing. While recent headlines focus on drug smuggling and U.S. strikes tied to trafficking ro HHS halts all childcare payments to Minnesota amid fraud allegations The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced on Tuesday it will freeze all child care payments to Minnesota. More Tennessee agencies sign up to help ICE during crackdown More Tennessee agencies are signing up to help ICE enforce federal immigration laws as a part of the 287(g) program. New law restricts people with extreme DUI convictions from buying alcohol A new law going into effect on New Year’s Day will restrict people convicted of extreme DUI offenses from buying alcohol. See More Right arrow Sports Chip Kelly lands new job as Northwestern's offensive coordinator after firing by Raiders Chip Kelly didn't have to wait long to land his next job. OSU quarterback Sayin wins prestigious freshman award Ohio State quarterback Julian Sayin has won the Shaun Alexander Freshman of the Year award, it was announced Tuesday.Sayin, the first-year starter who led Ohio Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. See More Right arrow Entertainment The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. Stars we lost in 2025: Rob Reiner, Ozzy Osbourne, Hulk Hogan, Diane Keaton & so many more As the year is coming to a close, we remember all the stars who passed away, leaving their legacy and projects behind to be remembered by. Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Two-time cancer patient finds hope at Nationwide Children's Hospital At 7 years old, Connor’s courage shines as he bravely faces his second battle with leukemia, supported every step of the way by Nationwide Children's Hospital. SPONSORED ADAMH-funded school services tailor prevention programming to meet student needs Making friends, feeling isolated from classmates, and navigating relationships with teachers are hurdles that many students face. These experiences can leave yo SPONSORED Ohio healthcare company explores autoimmune treatments through Project IMPACT Ohio healthcare company explores autoimmune treatments through Project IMPACT SPONSORED Grandview Yard marathon promotes running, active lifestyle Grandview Yard hosted the third annual OhioHealth Grandview Yard half marathon, quarter marathon, and purple-heart 5k today. SPONSORED Licking County issues advisory amid surge in drug overdoses The Licking County Health Department issued a community advisory on Thursday about an increase in recent drug overdoses. SPONSORED How Ohio's premier orthopedic network continues to serve the community How Ohio&rsquo;s premier orthopedic network continues to serve the communityIn the realm of orthopedic healthcare, one name stands out for its unwavering commitment t SPONSORED 10 Reasons to Visit Hocking Hills, Ohio (photo: hhta-cedar-falls)Hocking Hills, Ohio, is a captivating region known for its natural beauty and outdoor adventures. Here are 10 reasons why you should vi SPONSORED Career Fair Helping Job Seekers Find Advancement (Columbus, OH) Superior Career Fairs is holding a Columbus All Professions Career Fair on February 15, 2024 at the Hollywood Casino Event Center, located at 200 SPONSORED Blood donations needed as supply dwindles dangerously low While blood donations are always needed to ensure that hospitals have the blood they need to treat patients, blood centers across the country are sounding the a SPONSORED Influenza A leads to lifesaving double lung transplant for teenage patient In December of last year, Maggie became very sick with influenza A. Though influenza can be common during the holiday season, Maggie&rsquo;s case quickly became uncom SPONSORED How Central Ohio can brighten the holidays While many kids are making their holiday wish lists right now, the patients at Nationwide Children&rsquo;s Hospital are simply wishing they could be home.Our communit SPONSORED ADAMH-funded school services creating strong mental health foundations for Franklin County students When it comes to building positive mental health foundations for children, Shadeja Nelson considers Directions for Youth and Families&rsquo; prevention services a nec Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Good Day Columbus Start the New Year by crossing a finish line: First on the First 5K If your goal for the New Year is to get in shape, or maybe even run your first race, then you're in luck! Predicting the future with Jimmie Bell: Buckeyes gearing up for Cotton Bowl The countdown to kickoff is on!In just days, the Buckeyes will start their march to Miami. Thinking about giving Dry January a try? These mocktails will make it better The holiday season is full of reasons to raise a glass of something high-proof. Don't let the New Year stress you out: Expert offers tips ahead of 2026 With the New Year right around the corner, it can feel like there are a lot of expectations for a new start. Start 2026 off right with a luxurious New Year's Eve dinner you can make yourself It's time to say goodbye to 2025 and time to ring in the New Year.If you're looking for meal ideas that will set you up for success heading into 2026, prvate c Alfred Kainga makes world laugh with comedy tour It's time for another Funny Bone Friday, and Alfred Kainga offers no shortage of laughs. Maddwolf reviews 'Song Sung Blue,' other Christmas releases Christmas Day is always a big one for movie lovers, and this year was no exception. Asian bistro brings authentic flavor to Grandview Yard At Dim Sum Asian Bistro, the traditions of Hong Kong come alive with every bite. Real Deal Santa spreads holiday joy in Central Ohio This time of year is all about giving -- and what better to celebrate the season than by bringing a smile to kids' faces? Gambling addiction expert offers advice on gifts to avoid for kids As families wrap up their holiday shopping, it's always a good idea to pause before checking off every box on a child's wish list. Shape up your fitness routine ahead of New Year's With January right around the corner, you might be thinking about how to actually stay on top of your fitness next year. Protect your heart health during the holiday season Winter weather, travel, big meals and family gatherings -- the holidays are bursting with fun, but can they be bad for your health? Find the perfect beer to complement your holiday meal You might know what you're serving your holiday guests to eat, but what will you serve them to drink? Ways to support kids' mental health during holiday season The holiday season is the perfect time for young people to take a break from the stress of school and extracurriculars. Make a new best friend with Franklin Co. dog shelter's holiday sleepover program It was a record-breaking Thanksgiving sleepover for the Franklin County Dog Shelter and Adoption Center. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page 6 On Your Side Sharpshooters to target deer in Worthington residential neighborhoods in January Residents of Worthington are expressing concerns over a new deer management program set to begin in January. AAA reports record holiday travel despite economic concerns; gas prices fuel journey The holiday travel season has officially begun, with more than 122 million Americans expected to travel between Dec. 20 and New Year's Day, according to AAA. 'Good, innocent people' detained as ICE raids across Columbus spark fear, confusion Social media is abuzz with reports of ICE raids across central Ohio, leading to growing concerns among local communities. See More Right arrow Fighting Back Nearly a year later, a Columbus mother still waits for her son's killer to be captured Since last July, Corea Redd has worn two necklaces around her neck to remember her son, Kaylian, who was shot to death in Northeast Columbus. &ldquo;They gunned down my son, they took my baby from me,&rdquo; Corea said. "Nobody knows what they took from us, he didn&rsquo;t have enemies, was never a bad kid. &rdquo; RELATED | Police looking for tips in 2021 deadly drive-by shooting near Columbus airport. Crime Stoppers offers $1,000 reward for information on wallet thief in Licking County Licking County Crime Stoppers shared it is offering up to a $1,000 reward for information leading to an arrest after a wallet was stolen. Crime Stoppers says this woman stole a man's wallet from a Licking County Walmart May 30, 2020. (Licking County Crime Stoppers) The theft happened at the North 21st Street Walmart around 6 p. m. May 30. Crime Stoppers says the victim left his wallet on the counter by mistake. 'Twin box-spring bandits' hold-up Linden mattress store at gunpoint The Columbus Division of Police now searching for two masked suspects who held up a LInden mattress store at gunpoint. "I heard the click of the gun, " said Sherry, manager at Mack Mattress Outlet on Cleveland Avenue, "He was pointing it at me. "Sherry says on Tuesday Aug. 13, two men wearing, surgical masks, gloves dark colored hoodies and pants walked into the business claiming to want to buy a mattress. Up to $5,000 offered for information in Grove City burglary of firearms dealer The ATF and a trade association for the firearms industry are offering up to a $5,000 reward for information leading to an arrest in the burglary of a firearms dealer in Grove City. Caption: Courtesy: ATF. The reward for information, announced by the ATF andthe National Shooting Sports Foundation, is concerning a burglary at Gun Works around 1 a. m. on Oct. 15. See More Right arrow Scoring Our Schools What's next for CCS students as five schools face closure After about a year of debate, controversy and community concerns, the Columbus City School Board voted to close five schools. Board members called the decision Wellington welcomes new Head of School in historic appointment For the first time in their 42-year history, a female has been named Head of School at Wellington. CCS security team looking for solutions after 8th gun found in school since September More than 6,000 cameras, district-wide, are watching Columbus City Schools students daily."They scan from school to school, building to building, to be the extr See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices WSYX EEO Public File Report WSYX FCC Info WSYX FCC Applications WTTE EEO Public File Report WTTE FCC Info WTTE FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.