ABC7 News -  KGO Bay Area and San Francisco News 24/7 Live San Francisco East Bay South Bay Peninsula North Bay Live Bay Area Traffic Map Weather Conditions Bay Area Live Cams Building A Better Bay Area I-Team 7 On Your Side Black Friday Deals Price Tracker East Bay IHOP employee shot and killed by coworker, police say Authorities say a IHOP employee in Richmond was shot and killed by a coworker. The suspect then shot himself the following day outside the San Pablo Police Department, and is now in critical condition. Live ABC7 Bay Area 24/7 live stream ABC7 News | 6am 1:59 PM GMT ABC News Live: New Year's Eve Around the World 3:00 PM GMT ABC7 News | 6am 5:00 PM GMT ABC7 Special: Best of 2025 6:00 PM GMT TIMELINE: Showers coming to Bay Area for New Year's Eve and beyond Health officials detail why new flu variant can lead to severe illness Here's what's happening in SF for New Year's Eve PG&E bills to go down for most customers: Here's how much 21 immigration judges fired in SF, many reportedly without explanation CA delays revoking 17,000 commercial driver's licenses until March New Oakland police data shows crime trending downward in 2025 Body found in search for missing Texas teen, no foul play suspected Featured Stories New California laws going into effect in 2026 Ryan Seacrest, Rita Ora ready for 'New Year's Rockin' Eve' celebration The US stories everyone was talking about in 2025 In-depth look at immigration crisis impacting Bay Area How thieves got away with valuable paintings from SF museum in 1978 The year's first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Live Channels ABC7 Bay Area 24/7 live stream Stream local breaking news and original programming, live 24/7, from ABC7 Bay Area. Track real-time weather conditions in SF Bay Area LIVE: Track Bay Area weather conditions ABC News Live Bay Area ABC News Live Watch ABC News live news stream and get 24/7 latest, breaking news coverage, and live video. Localish We celebrate the good in America's communities: Good news. Good people. Good living. Car Chase Channel A 24/7 channel documenting car chases across America.

Previously recorded chases from across the country. True Crime Channel Uncover gripping real-life mysteries, shocking criminal cases, and the most riveting crime stories - 24/7. True crime, true consequences. On The Red Carpet Channel Watch star-studded interviews from red carpet premieres, plus go behind the scenes of some of Hollywood's most popular movies and TV shows. Live look at NorCal: San Francisco, Oakland, SJ & more Take a look at the view from ABC7 News live cameras placed in locations around the Bay Area including San Francisco, Oakland, San Jose, Santa Cruz, and more. 7 On Your Side Shutterstock/AP SF Power Outage: Here's how to file a claim with PG&E Contact 7 On Your Side AI-powered 'cloned voice' scams on the rise Bay Area woman billed $50K after neighbor's tree falls on home CA wildfire victims struggle to recover amidst insurance challenges GoFundMe donors shocked by extra $330 charge: Here's what happened ABC7 News I-Team Bay Area 7-Eleven customers paid 100 times more for gas Bay Area funeral director gives deceased son's brain to parents Exclusive 3 victims' families don't want driver prosecuted in deadly Marin crash Letter may shed light on AG Bonta's knowledge of Thao corruption Ex-Vallejo PD chief details reason for his 2022 resignation Answers demanded in death of East Bay woman after police interaction Trending Videos ABC7 Bay Area 24/7 live stream New California laws in 2026 Beloved SJ bakery releases video of assault on employees, customer Get ABC7’s top stories delivered to your inbox every morning Enter your email address to sign up for our daily newsletter. See our list of newsletters here Email Sign me up By providing my email address, I agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy . Local News San Francisco Here's what's happening in SF for New Year's Eve Health officials detail why new flu variant can lead to severe illness TIMELINE: Showers coming to Bay Area for New Year's Eve and beyond East Bay East Bay IHOP employee shot and killed by coworker, police say New Oakland police data shows crime trending downward in 2025 PG&E bills to go down for most customers: Here's how much Peninsula AP Photo/Eric Risberg TIMELINE: Showers coming to Bay Area for New Year's Eve and beyond Cleanup continues in San Mateo County coast days after storms TIMELINE: More strong storms to hit Christmas evening South Bay AP Photo/Eric Risberg TIMELINE: Showers coming to Bay Area for New Year's Eve and beyond Spare the Air Alert in effect for Bay Area on New Year's Day SJ mom loses car to string of car fires in Willow Glen neighborhood Shop ABC7 Bay Area Shutterstock Best New Year deals and sales Shop the best after-Christmas sales from brands like Crate & Barrel, Amazon and Roku. Amazon Your New Year's Eve party essentials shopping list Amazon Best friend gifts that scream "I get you" Adidas Most searched for Christmas gift ideas Amazon Holiday gift ideas for pets U.S. & World AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez Eclipses, supermoons, meteor showers and planets to spot in 2026 Bright full moons, dazzling meteor shower displays and remarkable total eclipses will give stargazers plenty of reasons to look to the sky in 2026. 35 minutes ago HHS says it's freezing child care payments to Minnesota 1 hour ago Tatiana Schlossberg, JFK's granddaughter, has died at 35 Body found in search for missing Texas teen, no foul play suspected AP Photo/Steven Senne US poised to end 2025 with the largest one-year drop in homicides 1 hour ago Meta buys startup Manus in latest move to advance AI efforts 3 hikers found dead on SoCal's Mount Baldy, sheriff says Breaking Building A Better Bay Area SF commits $21M to expand street ambassador program West Oakland is one step closer to having a Costco Jack London Square hopes to get business boost with new CA law Violence trending downward in Alameda Co., data shows South Bay's 'La Posada' highlights immigrant community struggle 'Living' levee in Palo Alto Baylands aims to solve multiple problems SF to develop housing for LGBTQ+ seniors as aging population grows San Francisco is an aging city. By 2030, nearly one-third of the city will be populated by people 60 and older. That's more than the state average. "As folks age, incomes become restricted, the cost of living rises and so the need for affordable housing becomes even greater." Sports NHL Bubble Watch: Projecting playoff hopes for all 32 teams At the end of calendar 2025, here's a rundown of the locks, teams with work to do and long shots. Plus, each team's MVP. 10 minutes ago Concerning weaknesses, flaws for 2025 NFL playoff teams 1 hour ago Niners' McCaffrey sits out Tue. practice ahead of Seahawks tilt 2 hours ago 2025-26 College Football Playoff, bowl schedule NBA Power Rankings: Where all 30 teams stack up heading into the ne... 2 hours ago NFL head coaching carousel intel, latest Week 18 buzz, news 2 hours ago 2025-26 CFP, bowl picks: We predicted every postseason game Promotions SPONSORED: The ABCs of Aging SPONSORED: Discover how EVs are 'Driving Into The Future' Local Spotlight: Current topics in business and community More News ABC7 Originals How thieves got away with valuable paintings from SF museum in 1978 In-depth look at immigration crisis impacting Bay Area ABC7 Newscasts ABC7 News at 11pm - December 30, 2025 ABC7 News at 6pm - December 30, 2025 Entertainment Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Isiah Whitlock Jr., actor known for 'The Wire,' 'Veep,' dies at 71 Ryan Seacrest, Rita Ora ready for 'New Year's Rockin' Eve' celebration ABC7's Local Love KGO-TV Nominate your favorite Bay Area business for ABC7's Local Love! Want pie? Here's the best place to go in the Peninsula Topics Home Weather Traffic Watch Photos Apps Regions San Francisco East Bay South Bay Peninsula North Bay More Content Building A Better Bay Area Take Action Resources 7 On Your Side I-Team Company About ABC7 Bay Area ABC7 Newsteam Bios #ABC7Now: Connect with ABC7 Take Action in Your Community ABC7 Jobs & Internships Contests, Promotions, & Rules Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Children's Privacy Policy Your US State Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File FCC Applications Copyright © 2025 ABC, Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved.