24/7 Live
50°
Live
Bay Area Traffic Map
Weather Conditions
Bay Area Live Cams
Building A Better Bay Area
I-Team
More
Highly-contagious measles case confirmed in East Bay: health officials

Contra Costa County health officials confirmed a measles infection in a person who was mingling in public places for about a week before being discovered. Measles can linger in the air or on surfaces for over an hour after a contagious person leaves the area, according to health officials.

2 hours ago
Live
ABC7 Bay Area 24/7 live stream
2 dog deaths, reports of abuse prompt SF pet sitter investigation
Video shows car almost falling down cliff near Lake Tahoe on Christmas
3 hours ago
Beloved SJ bakery releases video of assault on employees, customer
SF residents, merchants demand more PG&E credits for power outages
Cleanup continues in San Mateo County coast days after storms
Above-average rainfall levels, massive leap in snowpack after storms
Voters to decide on Santa Clara Co. assessor ahead of new year
Body discovered after swimmer went missing in possible shark attack
Featured Stories
New California laws going into effect in 2026
The US stories everyone was talking about in 2025
In-depth look at immigration crisis impacting Bay Area
Diana Ross headlines historic 'New Year's Rockin' Eve 2026'
How thieves got away with valuable paintings from SF museum in 1978
Multi-million dollar donation saves iconic SF drag cabaret
Live Channels
ABC7 Bay Area 24/7 live stream

Stream local breaking news and original programming, live 24/7, from ABC7 Bay Area.

Track real-time weather conditions in SF Bay Area

LIVE: Track Bay Area weather conditions

ABC News Live Bay Area
ABC News Live

Watch ABC News live news stream and get 24/7 latest, breaking news coverage, and live video.

Localish

We celebrate the good in America's communities: Good news. Good people. Good living.

Car Chase Channel

A 24/7 channel documenting car chases across America. Previously recorded chases from across the country.

True Crime Channel

Uncover gripping real-life mysteries, shocking criminal cases, and the most riveting crime stories - 24/7. True crime, true consequences.

On The Red Carpet Channel

Watch star-studded interviews from red carpet premieres, plus go behind the scenes of some of Hollywood's most popular movies and TV shows.

Live look at NorCal: San Francisco, Oakland, SJ & more

Take a look at the view from ABC7 News live cameras placed in locations around the Bay Area including San Francisco, Oakland, San Jose, Santa Cruz, and more.

ABC7 Bay Area 24/7 live stream

Stream local breaking news and original programming, live 24/7, from ABC7 Bay Area.

7 On Your Side
Shutterstock/AP
SF Power Outage: Here's how to file a claim with PG&E
Contact 7 On Your Side
AI-powered 'cloned voice' scams on the rise
Bay Area woman billed $50K after neighbor's tree falls on home
CA wildfire victims struggle to recover amidst insurance challenges
GoFundMe donors shocked by extra $330 charge: Here's what happened
ABC7 News I-Team
Bay Area 7-Eleven customers paid 100 times more for gas
Bay Area funeral director gives deceased son's brain to parents
Exclusive
3 victims' families don't want driver prosecuted in deadly Marin crash
Letter may shed light on AG Bonta's knowledge of Thao corruption
Ex-Vallejo PD chief details reason for his 2022 resignation
Answers demanded in death of East Bay woman after police interaction
Trending Videos
ABC7 Bay Area 24/7 live stream
New California laws in 2026
2 dog deaths, reports of abuse prompt SF pet sitter investigation
Get ABC7’s top stories delivered to your inbox every morning

Enter your email address to sign up for our daily newsletter. See our list of newsletters here

Email
Sign me up
Sorry, an issue occurred. Please try again later

By providing my email address, I agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy.

Local News
San Francisco
A Nickel an Oyster: How SF's Waterbar is giving back to the city
1 hour ago
SF residents, merchants demand more PG&E credits for power outages
SF to develop housing for LGBTQ+ seniors as aging population grows
East Bay
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Highly-contagious measles case confirmed in East Bay: health officials
2 hours ago
Frustrations running high in SF's Sunset over multiple power outages
Alumni honor Oakland Coach John Beam with 'Last Chance U' screening
Peninsula
Cleanup continues in San Mateo County coast days after storms
TIMELINE: More strong storms to hit Christmas evening
TIMELINE: Week of rain to soak region, possibility of 12" in North Bay
South Bay
Voters to decide on Santa Clara Co. assessor ahead of new year
Brock Purdy and the 49ers hang on to beat Bears 42-38
Beloved SJ bakery releases video of assault on employees, customer
Shop ABC7 Bay Area
Shutterstock
Best New Year deals and sales

Shop the best after-Christmas sales from brands like Crate & Barrel, Amazon and Roku.

Amazon
Your New Year's Eve party essentials shopping list
Amazon
Best friend gifts that scream "I get you"
Adidas
Most searched for Christmas gift ideas
Amazon
Holiday gift ideas for pets
U.S. & World
TX teen missing since Christmas Eve believed to be in danger

A Texas teen who has been missing since Christmas Eve was last seen leaving her home that morning and is believed to be in "imminent danger," law enforcement officials said on Sunday.

2 hours ago
New video may show teen who's been missing since Christmas Eve
Berkeley Human Rights Center on CBS decision to pull CECOT report
Judge orders release of closed hearing for Kirk murder suspect
Officials seize $40M in motorcycles tied to FBI Most Wanted Olympian
US 'hit' facility where alleged drug boats 'load up': Trump
Trump threatens to 'knock the hell' out of Iran
Building A Better Bay Area
SF commits $21M to expand street ambassador program
West Oakland is one step closer to having a Costco
Jack London Square hopes to get business boost with new CA law
Violence trending downward in Alameda Co., data shows
South Bay's 'La Posada' highlights immigrant community struggle
'Living' levee in Palo Alto Baylands aims to solve multiple problems
SF to develop housing for LGBTQ+ seniors as aging population grows

San Francisco is an aging city. By 2030, nearly one-third of the city will be populated by people 60 and older. That's more than the state average. "As folks age, incomes become restricted, the cost of living rises and so the need for affordable housing becomes even greater."

Sports
Bridges and the Hornets take on Butler and the Warriors

Golden State Warriors (17-16, eighth in the Western Conference) vs. Charlotte Hornets (11-21, 12th in the Eastern Conference)

21 minutes ago
NFL Week 17: Biggest questions, takeaways for every game
1 hour ago
Curry, Butler lead the Warriors to a 120-107 victory over the Nets
NFL Week 17's best arrivals, from Bijan Robinson to Christian McCaf...
Macklin Celebrini hits 60 points with goal, 2 assists in Sharks' 5-...
2 hours ago
NFL 60K club: QBs who have thrown for over 60,000 yards
2025-26 College Football Playoff, bowl schedule
Promotions
SPONSORED: The ABCs of Aging
SPONSORED: Discover how EVs are 'Driving Into The Future'
Local Spotlight: Current topics in business and community
More News
ABC7 Originals
How thieves got away with valuable paintings from SF museum in 1978
In-depth look at immigration crisis impacting Bay Area
ABC7 Newscasts
ABC7 News at 6pm - December 29, 2025
ABC7 News at 5pm - December 29, 2025
Entertainment
Robin Roberts looks back on 'The Year: 2025'
Tyler Perry sued for sexual assault by actor seeking $77M
ABC7's Local Love
KGO-TV
Nominate your favorite Bay Area business for ABC7's Local Love!
Want pie? Here's the best place to go in the Peninsula
Topics
Home
Weather
Traffic
Watch
Photos
Apps
Regions
San Francisco
East Bay
South Bay
Peninsula
North Bay
More Content
Building A Better Bay Area
Take Action Resources
7 On Your Side
I-Team
Company
About ABC7 Bay Area
ABC7 Newsteam Bios
#ABC7Now: Connect with ABC7
Take Action in Your Community
ABC7 Jobs & Internships
Contests, Promotions, & Rules
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Children's Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Terms of Use
Interest-Based Ads
Public Inspection File
FCC Applications
Copyright © 2025 ABC, Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved.