Charleston News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Police say suspect damaged door with firearm, assaulted ex-girlfriend in alleged attack One man was arrested Tuesday and faces charges in connection with a domestic violence incident from early December. Local bars accused of overserving drivers before fatal crash on Morrison Drive in 2024 Local bars were implicated in a newly amended complaint that sheds light on the events leading up to the death of two 20-year-old women struck by drivers on Mor Charleston County Sheriff's Office criticized for new inmate death policy The Charleston County Sheriff's Office is facing criticism after announcing a new policy to withhold information on inmate deaths deemed "natural" until a full Law enforcement ramps up DUI patrols and checkpoints across the Lowcountry for New Year’s As people across the Lowcountry prepare to ring in the New Year, law enforcement agencies in Charleston and Dorchester counties are stepping up efforts to keep Local Traffic Beach Information State Nation & World Crime Behind the Badge Murdaugh Murders Bridge Run Education Amazing America Crisis in the Classroom Off Beat Entertainment Business Election Events Emanuel 9 Case Connect to Congress Health and Fitness Question of the Day Spotlight on America Armstrong Army Strong Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Brittanee Drexel Election Results Weather Current Weather Mount Pleasant Mostly Clear 42 F 60 / 38 Today 60 / 38 Thursday 60 / 43 Friday 64 / 52 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Weather Cams Flight Info Hurricane Center Hurricane Maps Mini Meteorologist Lowcountry Live Lowcountry Live In the Know with Johnny O In the Know with Johnny O Author Spotlight: Tomeka Ewing Author Spotlight: Tomeka Ewing Explore Louisiana Louisiana is once again bringing its signature flavor and flair to the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Parade. For the fifth consecutive year, the state will showc Orangetheory Charleston Orangetheory Charleston Be a Guest Contests Call-In Rules Give-Away Rules Recipes Lifestyle Matters Pet News Health News About Us Vote Holiday Gift Guide Features Features Year in review: News 4's top digital stories of 2025 As the New Year approaches, News 4 is looking back at the biggest stories and moments from 2025 across our area of the Lowcountry. Mel's Mutts: Meet Gizmo Meet Gizmo!This adorable pup is about 3-years-old.He's looking for a new home, through no fault of his own.His owners passed away.Gizmo does great with other do Mel's Mutts: Meet Willow Meet Willow!She's a 9-month-old German Shepherd mix (maybe with a touch of lab) and she's looking for a new home.Willow is a little shy but warms up quickly.She Winter wellness guide for healthy pets As cold weather moves in and winter settles around us, it’s important to remember that pets feel the chill just like people do. Pledge of Allegiance Carolina Champion Photo of the Day Poll Trooper Bob Safety Squad Sinclair Cares 4Ever Families Bring Them Home Community Partner Program Mel´s Mutts Salute 4 Heroes Souper Bowl of Caring News 4 Reviews Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 42 ° Thu 60 ° Fri 64 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Traffic Beach Information Folly Beach Isle of Palms Sullivan’s Island State Nation & World Crime Behind the Badge Murdaugh Murders Bridge Run Education Minding Money Matters Amazing America Crisis in the Classroom Off Beat Entertainment Business Election Lowcountry Politics Beyond The Podium Events Emanuel 9 Case Connect to Congress Health and Fitness Question of the Day Spotlight on America Armstrong Army Strong Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Brittanee Drexel Election Results Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Weather Cams Flight Info Hurricane Center Hurricane Maps Mini Meteorologist Lowcountry Live Down Arrow Lowcountry Live Home Be a Guest Contests Call-In Rules Give-Away Rules Recipes Lifestyle Matters Pet News Health News About Us Vote Holiday Gift Guide Features Down Arrow Features Home Pledge of Allegiance Carolina Champion Photo of the Day Poll Trooper Bob Safety Squad Sinclair Cares 4Ever Families Bring Them Home Community Partner Program Mel´s Mutts Salute 4 Heroes Souper Bowl of Caring News 4 Reviews Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Friday Night Rivals College Football High School Sports Baseball Stingrays Credit One Charleston Open Bridge Run Basketball Charleston Battery Charleston RiverDogs Catch of the Week Scholar Athlete High School Hoops City Guide Newsletter Sign Up About Us Down Arrow About Us Home ABC News 4 Team Sales Team Mobile Apps EEO Public File News Tips Terms What's On Copyright Privacy Contact ABC News 4 Contests Careers About Lowcountry Live Newsletter Sign Up Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Local bars accused of overserving drivers before fatal crash on Morrison Drive in 2024 Local bars were implicated in a newly amended complaint that sheds light on the events leading up to the death of two 20-year-old women struck by drivers on Mor Judge orders Isle of Palms property owner to dismantle seawall in environmental case The legal battle over an allegedly illegal Isle of Palms Seawall reached another turn. Police say suspect damaged door with firearm, assaulted ex-girlfriend in alleged attack One man was arrested Tuesday and faces charges in connection with a domestic violence incident from early December. Law enforcement ramps up DUI patrols and checkpoints across the Lowcountry for New Year’s As people across the Lowcountry prepare to ring in the New Year, law enforcement agencies in Charleston and Dorchester counties are stepping up efforts to keep Charleston County Sheriff's Office criticized for new inmate death policy The Charleston County Sheriff's Office is facing criticism after announcing a new policy to withhold information on inmate deaths deemed "natural" until a full Where you can and can't set off fireworks around the Lowcountry on New Year's Eve Fireworks are a long-standing part of ringing in the New Year, but many municipalities around the Lowcountry have different rules in place regulating their usag Former James Island firefighter arraigned following federal indictment for possessing CSAM Former James Island firefighter John Lewis Cottrell, III, appeared before a federal magistrate judge Tuesday and remains behind bars following his October arres Uber launches 'Women Preferences' feature in Charleston to enhance rider safety and choice Uber is rolling out new safety and choice features in Charleston that allow women riders, drivers and teens to be matched with women on trips.The company announ Year in review: 2025 Weather highlights from across the Lowcountry It's time to take a look back at the weather highlights from 2025 here in the Lowcountry.A rare Lowcountry snow event had snow lovers and children rejoicing Ja These five states ban SNAP purchases of soda and candy as part of health initiative 5 states will roll out food restriction waivers for sugary drinks and candy on January 1. Local News CHIME IN: Show us your American pride ahead of USA's 250th anniversary July 4, 2026 will mark America's 250th anniversary! That's why News 4 is launching 'Amazing America 250' to highlight American history and showcase viewers' Ame Robbery suspect apprehended during Tuesday morning patrol, North Charleston police say A man wanted in connection to a strong arm robbery was arrested in North Charleston Tuesday morning.The North Charleston Police Department said that during a pa SEE THE VIDEO: Wild chase ends with two in custody Two people were arrested Monday following a wild pursuit through Chester County. Woman arrested after pointing and presenting a firearm during an argument A woman was arrested early Christmas Day after she allegedly pointed a gun at a person following a argument, according to the North Charleston Police Department South Carolina joins 29-state brief defending Virginia's social media age verification law South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson announced Wednesday that the state has joined a 29-state brief defending Virginia's social media age verification la Fire officials urge caution with New Year's fireworks amid dry conditions With dry conditions persisting, fire officials are urging caution as New Year's celebrations approach. Local groups unite to spread love and nourishment at 'Grocery Love & Teddy Hugs' event The Community Resource Center, in collaboration with multiple other local organizations, will be holding a"Grocery Love & Teddy Hugs" distribution event Wednes See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Sen. Scott touts the over $200 million secured for rural healthcare in South Carolina South Carolina received over $200 million to support healthcare services in remote areas of the state as part of the Rural Health Transformation Program. Mayor Haynie sues ex-councilmember for slander & recklessness over false pedophile claims Mayor Will Haynie filed a civil lawsuit against Kevin Cunnane, a former town councilmember, who allegedly repeatedly claimed that Haynie is a pedophile. Woman arrested after pointing and presenting a firearm during an argument A woman was arrested early Christmas Day after she allegedly pointed a gun at a person following a argument, according to the North Charleston Police Department Law enforcement ramps up DUI patrols and checkpoints across the Lowcountry for New Year’s As people across the Lowcountry prepare to ring in the New Year, law enforcement agencies in Charleston and Dorchester counties are stepping up efforts to keep Where you can and can't set off fireworks around the Lowcountry on New Year's Eve Fireworks are a long-standing part of ringing in the New Year, but many municipalities around the Lowcountry have different rules in place regulating their usag Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. 'Nothing short of brutal': West Virginia man pleads guilty in death of 3-month-old baby A West Virginia man is facing prison time for the shocking death of a 3-month-old child, according to authorities. Dad who threw 8-month-old at wall because he was losing at NBA video game learns sentence A father accused of throwing his 8-month-old son against a wall because he was losing at an NBA video game was sentenced to 12 years in prison. New laws coming Jan. 1: Higher minimum wage, gambling taxes and social media time limit Across the country, the new year means new laws. Starting Thursday. See More Right arrow Sports Year in review: News 4's top 10 Lowcountry Sports Stories of 2025 From championship stages to unforgettable high school moments, 2025 delivered no shortage of incredible sports stories across the Lowcountry. Here’s our countdo Gamecocks Rout UAlbany, 96-67, in Non-Con Finale Meechie Johnson scored 15 points as South Carolina pulled away after halftime and cruised past UAlbany 96-67 on Tuesday night.The Gamecocks shot 60% from the fi Stingrays bolster lineup with Bjorklund and Nachbaur ahead of matchup with Swamp Rabbits The South Carolina Stingrays announced roster moves Tuesday, reassigning goaltender Garin Bjorklund from the AHL’s Hershey Bears and adding forward Justin Nachb See More Right arrow Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Back to school safety tips for South Carolina families Back to school safety tips for South Carolina families SPONSORED Preserving African American Heritage: Toolkit to be unveiled in Columbia Historian Michael Allen stopped by to give an update on the "Preservation Tool Kit." SPONSORED Proposed changes to liquor liability law could put drunk driving victims in jeopardy South Carolina sadly has one of the highest per-capita rates of drunk driving deaths in the United States, according to American Addiction Centers. One method s SPONSORED History of the Tuskegee Airmen in Walterboro Their heroism is famous nationwide &ndash; breaking down racial barriers to become legends honored many times over. But, the "Tuskegee Airmen's" historical marker in the Lowcountry isn't as well-known. Caption: WCIV. &ldquo;This was May 22nd 1997. &rdquo; That's the first time historian James Hampton caught a glimpse of this Walterboro monument honoring some of our nation's most famous African American military pilots. &ldquo;I've met over 50, say 50 plus. &rdquo; SPONSORED Preservation of Long Point Schoolhouse highlights Black history in Mt. Pleasant History is in session at a Mount Pleasant schoolhouse. &ldquo;The significance of the event is this schoolhouse that you see directly behind me. This school is the last black school in the town of Mount Pleasant and east of Cooper, in fact," says African American Historic Settlement Commission President John Wright. Caption: Preservation efforts are underway for Long Point Schoolhouse -- the last Black school to exist in Mt. Pleasant. (WCIV) SPONSORED Stratford High School evacuated Friday due to smoke in school Students and staff at Stratford High School are back in class after evacuating when smoke was noticed in the school Friday, school officials say. School officials say the fire department determined the building is safe and identified a HVAC unit as the source of the smoke.  Maintenance crews are now working on the unit, they said. SPONSORED Lowcountry artist combines a collage of interests to create his vision Richard &lsquo;Rich&rsquo; Drayton is a flower child&mdash;meshing the beauty he sees into futuristic art pieces. &ldquo;If art is not my thing, then I don&rsquo;t know what is. I like lots of bright colors, I like flowers, I like my subject matter being black people,&rdquo; Drayton said. He combines all of his interest. SPONSORED Patriots Point to host free symposium about African Americans in World War II Patriots Point organizers plan to honor a homegrown World War II veteran on Thursday. The event kicks off at 10:00 a. m. It's free and open to the public. Panelists will include World War II veteran and South Carolina native Rufus Lockwood, and College of Charleston professor Michael Owens.  Lockwood, a member of the "Montford Marines", is from Huger in Berkeley County. Lockwood will share memories of life as a young black man during the war, specifically his military training and segregation. SPONSORED Lowcountry artist painting with fire, lighting up shows at CSU and College of Charleston You may have seen him lighting up shows at the College of Charleston or Charleston Southern University. This week&rsquo;s African American artist feature is truly on fire. As the crowds cheer--his excitement builds; and when the paint hits the canvas, flames bring to life another work of art. &ldquo;It gives me the strength to be able to talk to people,&rdquo; artist Christopher Johnson said. 1 Corinthians 3:13 says, &ldquo;Their work will be shown for what it is, because the day will bring it to light. SPONSORED Biker bulletin: What to know about motorcycle insurance As humans, we tend drive by vehicle accidents and wonder what lapses in judgment or silly mistakes caused such a wreck, confirming silently that, because we are so good behind the wheel, nothing like that could ever happen to us.Sadly, disasters and accide SPONSORED Are you driving on one of the country's deadliest highways? Every state has a claim to fame: California has sunny beaches, New York has the country's most populous city and South Carolina, along with its famed hospitality and Myrtle Beach, has some seriously dangerous roads.South Carolina's major highway, Interstat Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Beach Information Folly Beach discusses traffic projects, supports waiver for James Island Cowboys The Folly Beach City Council met Tuesday evening to review ongoing traffic projects and consider an ordinance change regarding animal restrictions. Meet the candidates running for Isle of Palms Mayor On Election Day, Nov. 4, 2025, residents on the Isle of Palms will be casting their ballots for a new mayor. 'Labor of Love;' local conservationists host holiday beach sweep For Labor Day, some beach goers took to time out of their holiday to give back to the community by helping to keep the beaches clean. Beach Forecast, weekend of Aug. 29 - Know B4 You Go Are you heading to the beach this weekend? Our Storm Tracker Team of meteorologists has a special forecast just for the Charleston area's beaches! Hurricane Erin spares Lowcountry, but beach erosion remains a concern The Lowcountry is breathing a sigh of relief after Hurricane Erin passed roughly 400 miles off the coast. Rough seas cancel kids' surfing event as experienced surfers ride Hurricane Erin's waves Hurricane Erin's impacts in the Lowcountry proved to be a mix of disappointment for some and excitement for others Wednesday.Rough waters from the strong storm How Folly Beach's Dune Management Plan protects against flooding and supports ecosystems Dunes act as a natural buffer against storms and erosion, absorbing wave energy and reducing flooding. Folly Beach to raise parking prices, hopes to improve traffic The Folly Beach City Council approves new pricing for parking; higher rates expected in November. Beach Forecast, weekend of Aug. 15 - Know B4 You Go Are you heading to the beach this weekend? Our Storm Tracker Team of meteorologists has a special forecast just for the Charleston area's beaches!THE FORCAST: Beach Forecast, weekend of Aug. 8 - Know B4 You Go Are you heading to the beach this weekend? Our Storm Tracker Team of meteorologists has a special forecast just for the Charleston area's beaches!FORECAST:A fr Beach Forecast, weekend of Aug. 1 - Know B4 You Go Are you heading to the beach this weekend? Our Storm Tracker Team of meteorologists has a special forecast just for the Charleston area's beaches!FORECAST:A bi Hydration crucial for visitors and staff alike as temperatures soar on popular beaches In the middle of a wave of high temperature, folks are figuring out ways to tackle the heat while on the beach.At the Isle of Palms, thousands were expected to Folly Beach Wahine Classic celebrates women surfers and boosts local economy The Folly Beach Wahine Classic is once again making waves as it brings women surfers from across the nation to the Lowcountry waters for its 23rd year. Beach Forecast, weekend of July 25 - Know B4 You Go Are you heading to the beach this weekend? Our Storm Tracker Team of meteorologists has a special forecast just for the Charleston area's beaches! Beach Forecast, weekend of July 18 - Know B4 You Go Are you heading to the beach this weekend? Our Storm Tracker Team of meteorologists has a special forecast just for the Charleston area's beaches! See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Education News State's Education Department seeks $18M to educate students on risks of screen addiction South Carolina's Department of Education is asking for nearly $18 million to tell kids why they can't &ndash; and shouldn't &ndash; use their phones in school. Senate confirms Citadel professor Platte Moring as new DoD Inspector General The United States Senate on Thursday confirmed Platte Moring, a professor at The Citadel, to serve as the next Inspector General for the Department of Defense. President of Allen University steps down after 10 years Allen University has announced that its president's contract was not renewed. See More Right arrow Crime News Inmate found dead at prison, investigation underway An inmate was found unresponsive in his cell Tuesday morning at Turbeville Correctional Institution, authorities said. Former cadet alleges harassment cover-up at North Charleston police training program A former police cadet claims she was sexually harassed by a fellow trainee while attending the North Charleston Police Department’s training program and that he Charleston County Sheriff's Office promises 'transparency' in inmate death cases The Charleston County Sheriff's Office confirmed on Tuesday it would still be throughly investigating instnaces of inmate deaths, Man arrested in connection to the severe beating of a pregnant woman in North Charleston A man was arrested early last week after he was accused ofseverely beating a pregnant woman, according to the North Charleston Police Department.Tyrek Antwan See More Right arrow Lowcountry and State Politics Mayor Haynie sues ex-councilmember for slander & recklessness over false pedophile claims Mayor Will Haynie filed a civil lawsuit against Kevin Cunnane, a former town councilmember, who allegedly repeatedly claimed that Haynie is a pedophile. Sen. Scott touts the over $200 million secured for rural healthcare in South Carolina South Carolina received over $200 million to support healthcare services in remote areas of the state as part of the Rural Health Transformation Program. Graham continues calls for regime change in Venezuela as Trump admin ramps up pressure U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham continued his calls for America to back a complete regime change in Venezuela. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports E-newsletters Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.