Skip to main content
AbeBooks.com
 USD
Site shopping preferences. Currency: American Dollars. Shipping destination: Korea, Republic of
Sign inMy AccountBasket Help
Advanced Search
Browse Collections
Rare Books
Art & Collectibles
Textbooks
Sellers
Start Selling
SHOP FROM INDEPENDENT SELLERS
Search for books, fine art and collectibles
Author
Title
Keyword or ISBN
Search
BOOKS
Timeless tales for the holidays: AbeBooks 2025 gift guide
Celebrate the season with timeless tales. Discover literary treasures perfect for cozy winter nights and memorable gift-giving.
Discover more
BOOKS
100 fiction books to read in a lifetime
Embark on an ambitious literary journey this autumn. Explore our ultimate fall reading list with books that will transport you to different worlds.
See the list
Step into expert-curated catalogs
Explore one-of-a-kind catalogs from trusted antiquarian booksellers—featuring miniature marvels, occult manuscripts, centuries of binding artistry, and more.

Discover more
Jane Austen: 250 years of magic
From family plays to Mr. Darcy's pride, discover how a visionary author transformed the ordinary into beloved novels that still captivate readers worldwide.
Meet Jane Austen
50 essential non-fiction books
This curated list covers the gamut of non-fiction. Shop must read history books, tales of endurance, biographies, and much more.
See the list
A new generation of collecting
In celebration of the Antiquarian Booksellers' Association of America's (ABAA) 75th anniversary, we interview dealers who are breaking the mold and re-defining the art of book collecting.
Learn more
Investigate these classic mysteries
The British Library's Crime Classics series reprints detective novels and stories that were first published during the golden age of crime writing.
See the books
World's most valuable children's books
Children's books can be valuable if they are the right edition in the right condition. Discover 10 books that command high prices.
See the books
Discover first editions
Explore rare and valuable first edition books—from literary classics to modern gems, perfect for collectors and curious readers alike.

Shop now
Most expensive sales from July to September 2025
From Anderson's Masonic Constitutions and masterpieces of Art Deco design to landmark first editions from Tolkien and Freud

See the list
Frequently viewed items
Half A Life
VS Naipaul
The Great Gatsby.
Fitzgerald, F. Scott
Lolita
Nabokov, Vladimir
The Lord of the Rings 1954 Set, all 1st Printings of...
J.R.R. Tolkien
'The Grapes of Wrath', US signed and inscribed first...
Steinbeck, John
DICKENS A CHRISTMAS CAROL 1st Edition
Charles Dickens
The Hobbit (with) The Lord of the Rings Trilogy
Tolkien, J.R.R.
LOLITA Everyman's Library
Vladimir Nabokov
A Dictionary of the English Language: In Which the...
Samuel Johnson
The Hobbit, First Four First Editions, 1937, 1937,...
J.R.R. Tolkien
LOLITA Everyman's Library Contemporary Classics Series
Vladimir Nabokov
The Hobbit 1937 1st edition 1st printing original...
JRR Tolkien
THE SHELTERING SKY
Bowles, Paul
The Hobbit, First Edition, 1st Printing
J.R.R. Tolkien
The Case of the Bigamous Spouse
Erle Stanley Gardner
Large archive of photocopied typescripts, prepared...
Bradbury, Ray
The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien - 1st Edition...
Tolkien, J.R.R.
Pride and Prejudice.
Austen, Jane
Fahrenheit 451
Bradbury, Ray
THE HOBBIT, 1st edition, 3rd impression, J R R Tolkien,...
J R R Tolkien
Books
Fill your bookshelves with used books, the latest bestsellers, collectible books and forgotten out-of-print titles from years gone by.
Shop books
Used Books
Giving used books new life is what we do best. The choice of used books is massive - from classic novels to children's books, and so much more.
Shop used books
Seller Sales
Each month, select sellers offer their items for sale on AbeBooks at huge discounts, making it easy to buy books, art and collectibles online.
Start saving
Rare Books
Trusted independent sellers offer for sale curated rare books, first editions and collectible signed copies of your favorite book.
Discover rare books
Trending items
Heated Rivalry: Now Streaming on Crave and HBO Max...
Reid, Rachel
The Housemaid
McFadden, Freida
The Long Game: Now Streaming on Crave and HBO Max (Game...
Reid, Rachel
Game Changer: A Spicy Gay Hockey Romance
Reid, Rachel
A Wrinkle in Time (The Time Quartet)
L'Engle, Madeleine
The Correspondent: A Novel
Evans, Virginia
The Let Them Theory: A Life-Changing Tool That Millions...
Robbins, Mel; Robbins, Sawyer
On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century
Snyder, Timothy
Tuesdays with Morrie: An Old Man, a Young Man, and...
Albom, Mitch
The Time Keeper
Albom, Mitch
James (Pulitzer Prize Winner): A Novel
Everett, Percival
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (Harry Potter,...
Rowling, J. K.
Crooked Kingdom: A Sequel to Six of Crows
Bardugo, Leigh
Why We Sleep: Unlocking the Power of Sleep and Dreams
Walker, Matthew
Piranesi
Clarke, Susanna
Remarkably Bright Creatures: A Novel
Van Pelt, Shelby
Tough Guy: Now Streaming on Crave and HBO Max (Game...
Reid, Rachel
Gone Girl
Flynn, Gillian
Hooked (Collector's Edition) (Never After, 1)
McIntire, Emily
The Covenant of Water (Oprah's Book Club)
Verghese, Abraham
Infinite Jest
Wallace, David Foster
Asteroid Mining 101: Wealth for the New Space Economy
Lewis, John S.
Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems
Collins, Billy
The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in...
Van Der Kolk M.D., Bessel
Abundance
Klein, Ezra; Thompson, Derek
The Complete Enneagram: 27 Paths to Greater Self-Knowledge
Chestnut, PhD, Beatrice
Madonna in a Fur Coat
Meditations
Aurelius, Marcus
The Alice Network: A Novel
Quinn, Kate
The Inheritance of Loss
Desai, Kiran
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Harry Potter,...
Rowling, J. K.
My Story Can Beat Up Your Story: Ten Ways to Toughen...
Schechter, Jeffrey
The Ride of a Lifetime: Lessons Learned from 15 Years...
Iger, Robert
City Of Darkness: Revisited
Ian Lambot Ed.
The Odyssey
Homer
Fate Is the Hunter: A Pilot's Memoir
Gann, Ernest K.
Evil in Modern Thought: An Alternative History of...
Neiman, Susan
The Goldfinch: A Novel (Pulitzer Prize for Fiction)
Tartt, Donna
Theo of Golden: A Novel
Levi, Allen
The Wild Edge of Sorrow: Rituals of Renewal and the...
Weller, Francis
The Intelligent Investor Rev Ed.: The Definitive Book...
Benjamin Graham; Jason Zweig
Breath: The New Science of a Lost Art
Nestor, James
A Patriot's History of the United States: From Columbus's...
Schweikart, Larry; Allen, Michael
The Left Hand of Darkness: 50th Anniversary Edition
Ursula K. Le Guin
Atomic Habits: An Easy & Proven Way to Build Good Habits...
Clear, James
Fashion First
Keaton, Diane
The Price of Power: Kissinger in the Nixon White House
Hersh, Seymour M.
Beartown: A Novel (Beartown Series)
Backman, Fredrik
Sula (Contemporary Fiction, Plume)
Morrison, Toni
One Man's Meat
White, E. B.
Independent sellers
Millions of books and other items are listed for sale on AbeBooks by trusted sellers from around the world.
Meet some sellers
Not just books
We're known for our epic selection of new, used, and rare books, but we also sell fine art & collectibles.
Browse art & collectibles
Feel the love
We asked customers to tell us why they love shopping on AbeBooks and we were overwhelmed by their kind words.
Read customer stories
More to explore
AbeBooks regularly publishes fascinating features about a huge variety of bookish subjects, publishers, and interesting characters in literature and notable anniversaries.
See all features
BOOKS
Robert Jordan’s Wheel of Time: 14 epic fantasy books
BOOKS
Plays books: 15 theatrical reads
BOOKS
The best books of 2021
BOOKS
Discover 25 books by African American authors
BOOKS
The best books of 2022
BOOKS
Passion for books. Books for your passion.
BOOKS
The best fairy tale books
BOOKS
15 great books for teens
BOOKS
Go behind the scenes with The Beatles & 40 more music books
Back to top
Shop With Us
Advanced Search
Browse Collections
My Account
My Orders
View Basket
Sell With Us
Start Selling
Join Our Affiliate Program
Book Buyback
Refer a seller
About Us
About AbeBooks
Media
Careers
Forums
Privacy Policy
Your Ads Privacy Choices
Designated Agent
Accessibility
Find Help
Help
Customer Support
Follow AbeBooks
AbeBooks.co.uk AbeBooks.de AbeBooks.fr AbeBooks.it AbeBooks Aus/NZ AbeBooks.ca IberLibro.com ZVAB.com
BookFinder.com
Find any book at the best price
By using the Web site, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by the Terms and Conditions.

© 1996 - 2025 AbeBooks Inc. All Rights Reserved. AbeBooks, the AbeBooks logo, AbeBooks.com, "Passion for books." and "Passion for books. Books for your passion." are registered trademarks with the Registered US Patent & Trademark Office.