AbeBooks | Shop for Books, Art & Collectibles ` Skip to main content AbeBooks.co.uk Search Site shopping preferences Sign in My Account Basket Help Menu Find My Account My Purchases Sign Off Advanced Search Browse Collections Rare Books Art & Collectables Textbooks Sellers Start Selling Help CLOSE Shop from independent sellers Search for books, fine art and collectables Author Title Keyword or ISBN Search Books Timeless tales for the holidays: AbeBooks 2025 gift guide Celebrate the season with timeless tales. Discover literary treasures perfect for cozy winter nights and memorable gift-giving. Discover more Books 100 fiction books to read in a lifetime Embark on an ambitious literary journey this autumn. Explore our ultimate fall reading list with books that will transport you to different worlds. See the list Rare Books From Galileo’s telescope to the international space station Galileo’s masterpiece reimagined — flown in orbit, back to Earth. A rare union of science, craftsmanship, and the cosmos. Start exploring Jane Austen: 250 years of magic From family plays to Mr. Darcy's pride, discover how a visionary author transformed the ordinary into beloved novels that still captivate readers worldwide. Meet Jane Austen 50 essential non-fiction books This curated list covers the gamut of non-fiction. Shop must read history books, tales of endurance, biographies, and much more. See the list A new generation of collecting In celebration of the Antiquarian Booksellers' Association of America's (ABAA) 75th anniversary, we interview dealers who are breaking the mould and re-defining the art of book collecting. Learn more 30 essential mystery authors From Agatha Christie to Tana French and Louise Penny, our list celebrates writers of thrillers, suspense, crime novels, and detective fiction. See the list Investigate these classic mysteries The British Library's Crime Classics series reprints detective novels and stories that were first published during the golden age of crime writing. See the books World's most valuable children's books Children's books can be valuable if they are the right edition in the right condition. Discover 10 books that command high prices. See the books Discover first editions Explore rare and valuable first edition books—from literary classics to modern gems, perfect for collectors and curious readers alike. Shop now Most expensive sales from July to September 2025 From Anderson's Masonic Constitutions and masterpieces of Art Deco design to landmark first editions from Tolkien and Freud See the list Books 02 June, 2021 Fill your shelves with books from independent sellers. Find new bestsellers, second-hand books, and forgotten out-of-print titles from years gone by. Shop books Used Books 12 October, 2022 Giving used books new life is what we do best. The choice of used books is massive - from classic novels to children's books, and so much more. Shop used books Books Free postage 30 June, 2021 Millions of books & collectables are offered for sale online by bookstores and booksellers on  AbeBooks, and many of them are available with free postage. Start saving Rare Books 11 June, 2021 Trusted independent sellers offer for sale curated rare books, first editions and collectable signed copies of your favourite book. Discover rare books Seller associations We work closely with a number of bookseller associations who are dedicated to upholding professional bookselling standards. Learn more about associations Not just books We're known for our epic selection of new, used, and rare books, but we also sell fine art & collectables. Browse art & collectables Feel the love We asked customers to tell us why they love shopping on AbeBooks and we were overwhelmed by their kind words. Read customer stories More to explore AbeBooks regularly publishes fascinating features about a huge variety of bookish subjects, publishers, and interesting characters in literature and notable anniversaries. See all features Books Summer reads for every adventure 29 July, 2024 Looking for the book that best fits your holiday? Find your next adventure in our series of four, hand-picked summer reading lists. 1 Min Read More Books The best books of 2022 07 November, 2022 The top fiction and non-fiction books of 2022. Our top picks for the best books of the year include Jennifer Egan, Ian McEwan, Kate Atkinson, Celeste Ng, NoViolet Bulawayo, and Brit Pop star Jarvis Cocker. 1 Min Read More Books The International Booker Prize: award winners 18 May, 2022 A complete list of the International Booker Prize-winning books since 2016. Find signed copies of the best modern novels. 1 Min Read More Books 15 great books for teens 31 March, 2022 From an aspiring rapper with the odds stacked against her and a captain of mining ship, to a circus performer and a child-soldier - these aren't your ordinary teens. These teen books will take young readers on adventures that are both out of this world and oddly familiar. Romance, fantasy, and drama - here are 15 spectacular books written just for teens (but sure to entice our adult readers, too). 1 Min Read More Books Celebrating literature by African American authors 09 February, 2022 This list celebrates African American writers from both the past and present, from Maya Angelou and Langston Hughes to Colson Whitehead. 1 Min Read More Books 25 great book club books By Jessica Doyle 20 December, 2021 What makes a good book club book? We think the best book club books are the ones you keep thinking about long after you've turned the last page - the ones that make you ask every friend and family member, "Have you read...?" just so you can talk about it. 1 Min Read More Books Costa Book Awards: the best novels since 1971 By Jessica Doyle 20 December, 2021 Every winner of the Costa Book Novel Award since 1971 - a list full of bestsellers and page-turners by the UK and Ireland's most beloved authors including Kate Atkinson, Ali Smith, Colm Tóibín, Kazuo Ishiguro, Sally Rooney, and William Trevor. 1 Min Read More Books Plays books: 15 theatrical reads By Jessica Doyle 30 November, 2021 Written for the stage but just as good a read as any novel, a plays book is a book that contains the script of one or more dramatic plays. This list of 15 plays books includes well-known classics like A Street car Named Desire and Twelve Angry Men alongside modern award-winners including Water by the Spoonful and Wit. 1 Min Read More Books 20 must-read Greek mythology books and retellings By Jessica Doyle 29 November, 2021 In these 20 must-read Greek mythology books, classic Greek myths are reimagined and retold by the likes of Margaret Atwood, Madeline Miller, Stephen Fry, Ali Smith, Colm Tóibín and more. From Achilles and Odysseus to Penelope, Helen and Paris, these are the stories of gods, goddesses, and mortals as you've never heard them before. 1 Min Read More See all features Back to top Shop With Us Advanced Search Browse Collections My Account My Orders View Basket Sell With Us Start Selling Join Our Affiliate Programme Book Buyback Refer a seller About Us About AbeBooks Media Careers Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences Cookies Notice Accessibility Find Help Help Customer Service Other AbeBooks Companies AbeBooks.com AbeBooks.de AbeBooks.fr AbeBooks.it AbeBooks Aus/NZ AbeBooks.ca IberLibro.com ZVAB.com BookFinder.com Find any book at the best price Follow AbeBooks AbeBooks.com AbeBooks.de AbeBooks.fr AbeBooks.it AbeBooks Aus/NZ AbeBooks.ca IberLibro.com ZVAB.com BookFinder.com Find any book at the best price By using the Web site, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by the Terms and Conditions . © 1996 - 2025 AbeBooks Inc. All Rights Reserved. AbeBooks, the AbeBooks logo, AbeBooks.com, "Passion for books." and "Passion for books. Books for your passion." are registered trademarks with the Registered US Patent & Trademark Office. × Change currency Choose your preferred currency American Dollars (USD) Canadian Dollars (CAD) Australian Dollars (AUD) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Singapore Dollars (SGD) Swedish Krona (SEK) Hong Kong Dollars (HKD) Danish Kroner (DKK) Czech Republic Koruna (CZK) Polish Zlotych (PLN) Israeli New Shekels (ILS) Swiss Francs (CHF) New Zealand Dollars (NZD) Norwegian Kroner (NOK) Euros (EUR) Japanese Yen South African Rand Indian Rupees Korean (South) Won Philippine Pesos Chilean Pesos Algerian Dinars Chinese Yuan Renmimbi Egyptian Pounds Fiji Dollars Iceland Krona Indonesian Rupiah Jamaican Dollars Jordanian Dinar Lebanese Pounds Malaysian Ringgit Pakistan Rupees Argentinian Pesos Saudi Arabian Riyal Taiwanese Dollars Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollars Eastern Caribbean Dollars Brazil Real Mexican Pesos Bahamian Dollars Hungarian Forint Barbados Dollars Russian Rubles Romanian Leu You will be charged in {0}. You will be shown prices in {0} as a reference only. Your orders will process in {1}. Learn more about currency preferences . Cancel Save × Site shopping preferences Loading... Saving your site preferences Site shopping preferences saved Something went wrong while saving preferences, please try again Choose your shipping destination Delivery times are set by sellers and vary by carrier and location. Orders passing through Customs may face delays and buyers are responsible for any associated duties or fees. Sellers may contact you regarding additional charges to cover any increased costs to ship your items. Choose your preferred currency Learn more about currency preferences . Cancel Save