Offers
Track Ticket
Need Help?
Login/SignUp
Buses
Flights
Trains
Hotels
India’s Fastest Bus Ticket Booking Platform
Departure
TodayTomorrow
Search
Bus Booking Discount Offers
View All
Why Choose AbhiBus for Bus Ticket Booking?

AbhiBus is India's fastest growing online ticket booking platform. AbhiBus is the official ticketing partner of several State Road Transport Corporation (SRTC) operators and over 6200+ private bus partners covering more than 6,50,000 bus routes

6,50,000+ Bus Routes

offering unparalleled choices for your travel needs

6200+ Bus Partners

ranging from State RTCs to private partners

Fastest Bus Booking

swift and seamless bus ticket booking experience

24/7 Customer Support

available for all your bus booking needs

Instant Refunds

with free cancellation when changing or cancelling booking

100k+ Buses with Discounts

Unlock best value with premium deals & exclusive discounts

Book Bus Tickets at AbhiBus
View All SRTCs

From SRTC (State Road Transport Corporation)

APSRTC

Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
TGSRTC

Telangana State Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
Kerala RTC

Kerala Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
GSRTC

Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
RSRTC

Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
UPSRTC

Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
HRTC

Himachal Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
OSRTC

Odisha State Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
BSRTC

Bihar State Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
PRTC

PEPSU Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
JKSRTC

Jammu & Kashmir Road Transport Corporation

Book Now
WBTC

West Bengal Transport Corporation

Book Now
KTCL

Kadamba Transport Corporation Limited

Book Now
UTC

Uttarakhand Transport Corporation

Book Now
MTC

Meghalaya Transport Corporation

Book Now
SBSTC

South Bengal State Transport Corporation

Book Now
SNT

Sikkim Nationalised Transport

Book Now
ASTC

Assam State Transport Corporation

Book Now
Bus cancelled?

150% Refund

Bad service quality?

Upto 100% refund

Bus delayed?

Upto 100% refund

Changed your plans?

100% refund

Read More
Online Bus Booking Services

AbhiBus is India`s leading online bus ticket booking service provider. Check out budget friendly offers and save big with discount coupons to book bus tickets at the lowest price with us. You can check the bus schedules, compare prices, and find all the information you need to plan an ideal and comfortable bus or train journey.

AbhiBus has simplified the online bus booking process for your travel planning. In case you need to cancel the ticket or change the dates, You can save both time and money by choosing AbhiCash as a refund option which can be used instantly. Book now!!!

Browse through all your bus route options, and use our advanced smart filters to ensure a reliable and comfortable journey, tailored to your scheduled travel plans.

Online Bus Ticket Booking at Lowest Price

With AbhiBus, travellers can book bus tickets online at the lowest ticket fares. Travellers can choose their favorite bus for online bus booking. AbhiBus is the right place for reserving bus tickets as you will find a wide range of Private buses and SRTC (State Road Transport Corporation) buses are available for bus booking online on AbhiBus.

Below, you will find various types of buses available to book bus tickets on AbhiBus at the lowest fare for bus ticket booking:

AC Buses
Non AC Buses
Ordinary Buses
Mini Buses
Super Luxury (Non-AC Seater)
Volvo AC Buses
Sleeper AC Buses
Sleeper Buses
Deluxe Buses
Sleeper Cum Seater AC
Double Decker Buses
Mercedes buses
Non-Mercedes buses
Electric Buses
Express Buses

The bus ticket fare depends on the factors such as type of bus, bus operator, bus routes distance between origin and destination cities, amenities offered by the bus operator, and bus operators may change ticket prices during festive seasons. Travelling by bus journey is the best option, cost effective and the most convenient travel option compared to other modes of transport.

Benefits of Booking Bus Tickets Online

In this day and age of technology, offline modes of bus ticket booking are no longer preferred. Online ticket booking is easy, fast, and hassle-free. AbhiBus ticks off all the three with user-friendly app and website navigation.Booking bus tickets online with AbhiBus has resolved many issues that people encounter while booking tickets at offline counters or through travel agents. Download the AbhiBus App to experience the benefits of bus ticket booking online.

Here is a list of all the benefits of booking bus tickets online on AbhiBus

Avoid standing in long queues at offline bus ticket counters.
No more hassle of approaching travel agents.
Choose from multiple bus services.
Book both Private and SRTC bus tickets online.
Check bus ticket availability online.
Get bus timings, ticket price, boarding & dropping point details online.
Access to payment partner discounts and cashback offers.
Free Cancellation - Get 100% refund if your plan changes and you cancel your ticket.
24/7 customer support.
Each and every transaction is simple, safe and secure.
Offers on Bus Booking

Travellers can find exclusive bus booking offers, discount coupons, cashback and more on AbhiBus. You can book bus tickets at the lowest price to any destination in India.Choose bus ticket fares from operators offering the lowest, mid-range, and highest prices on AbhiBus. Check for bus ticket price comparisons, select your preferred bus for bus booking, apply coupon code and save money on your bus journey today!

How to Book Bus Tickets Online on AbhiBus

Each and every booking or transaction you do on the AbhiBus website is simple, safe & secure. You can complete your booking process from the best bus booking website AbhiBus.com by following the steps mentioned below.

Enter the Origin city and Destination city details in the “leaving from” and “Going to” fields respectively
Select the “Journey date” from calendar icon and click on the “Search” button
Select any bus operator of your choice from the list of buses which are displayed buses
Select a seat, boarding and dropping points and hit “Continue to payment”
Enter all the required information including contact number & passenger details
Complete the payment process by selecting your preferred mode of payment

Once the payment process is done, you will receive an M-ticket on your mobile via SMS, whatsapp message and an e-ticket on email ID provided at “Enter Contact Details” field.

Last Hour Ticket Booking

Most of the online bus bookings are unplanned, with only 32% of the people reserving tickets on the day of travel and 24% one day before the journey. Keeping this in mind, AbhiBus has ensured buses are available round the clock 24/7 by listing all the scheduled buses. At times you could be the lucky one because many of our bus partners provide last-minute deals that offer up to 25% discount on the bus ticket fare. You can experience flexibility in both bus timings and price choices when booking tickets on AbhiBus.

AbhiBus provides the quickest way to find last-minute online bus bookings, allowing you to compare prices, operator schedules, and more.Travellers can enjoy the affordability and convenience that comes with thousands of trusted bus operators who have partnered with us in India. You can avail last-minute ticket booking options and choose from multiple pick-up and drop-off locations on AbhiBus.com.

The Best Way to Book Bus Ticket

Do you want to know the best way to book tickets online securely and how to book tickets in advance? AbhiBus.com is the platform for you to book bus tickets, train tickets, Flights and hotels. With us, you can check the provided amenities, compare booking fares, check bus time & schedule on your chosen route, explore additional facilities, and more. AbhiBus offers an affordable and cost-effective online travel booking experience.

With AbhiBus, online bus ticket booking became easier. Simply enter your journey details in our search bar (departure city, destination city, and travel date), click the search button, and you will receive a list of available bus operators for online ticket booking.Then, select the bus that best suits your travel needs and securely complete your booking online on AbhiBus.com.

We recommend booking your tickets at least 2 - 3 days in advance so that you can reserve bus seats as per your preference and get the best-discounted price on your booking.

Top Private Travels
Popular Bus Routes

You can check popular bus routes, compare bus schedules, timings and their prices to book bus tickets online. AbhiBus offers you low-cost bus fares for your travel across India. For a seamless travel experience, book bus tickets online with AbhiBus for your bus journey.

Bangalore  Hyderabad
View Buses
Hyderabad  Vijayawada
View Buses
Bangalore  Chennai
View Buses
Hyderabad  Visakhapatnam
View Buses
Bangalore  Tirupathi
View Buses
Hyderabad  Tirupathi
View Buses
Delhi  Lucknow
View Buses
Chennai  Madurai
View Buses
Delhi  Manali
View Buses
Delhi  Jaipur
View Buses
Mumbai  Pune
View Buses
Pune  Nagpur
View Buses
Hyderabad  Nellore
View Buses
Chennai  Coimbatore
View Buses
Mumbai  Indore
View Buses
Ahmedabad  Rajkot
View Buses
Track Your Bus Live Location

AbhiBus is solving the biggest concern while boarding a bus by providing a tracking option that provides the live location of the bus. This option keeps passengers informed about the bus live location so that passengers can plan their boarding accordingly. AbhiBus live bus tracking system allows you to track your bus status by entering your AbhiBus Booking ID and either Email ID or Mobile Number details in the input field box. It's a simple, fast, and secure way to manage, track your bus live location on Google Maps with AbhiBus live bus tracking technology. Find scheduled bus departure and arrival times of your bus route, the distance between cities and more information.

Booking Bus tickets online in advance and reserving your seats also gives you benefits on early bird discount offers and help you to plan a hassle-free bus journey. Book bus tickets now and enjoy the live bus tracking status online with us.

Online Bus Booking FAQ’s
Q. How do you do online bus reservation on AbhiBus?
Ans: Booking a bus ticket online in India is easy with ABHIBUS. Simply enter the Leaving from (Origin City) -- Going to (destination city) details along with the date you wish to travel in the bus search option on the site. Within seconds you will be given a list of available running buses for your route. Select the bus that best suits you, then just follow the bus ticket booking process by selecting your seat, providing passenger details and completing the payment process. Upon successful booking confirmation, you will receive an e-ticket over SMS/whatsapp and email.
Q. Do I need to create an account to book bus tickets on AbhiBus?
Q. How to sign-up AbhiBus?
Q. Can I book Government SRTC bus tickets on AbhiBus?
View all FAQs

Bus routes across india

0+

Bus partners

0+

Trusted travellers

0+

Buses with discounts

0+
Download the App
 Get exclusive discounts
 Receive instant fare alerts
 Track bus status
4.8 


About Abhibus

AbhiBus, over the years, has strived to deliver easy booking solutions to its customers. Our continued efforts have resulted in AbhiBus becoming one of the leading and top-rated bus booking platforms in India for various Bus services. We have a strong presence with a ticket inventory from over 6200 bus partners and 650000 route options on our app and website.

Founded in the year 2008, AbhiBus is a pioneer in providing end-to-end software and other value-added solutions such as e-ticketing systems, fleet management solutions, vehicle tracking systems, passenger information systems, and logistics management backed by a 24x7 customer support center. The company also provides technology solutions to more than 300 large private bus partners in India, 5 state transport corporations, and 2 international bus partners.

Know more about Abhibus

Top Bus Routes
Buses From Top Cities
Top RTC Buses
Top Bus Services
Quick Links
Hyderabad to Bangalore Bus
Hyderabad to Vijayawada Bus
Hyderabad to Mumbai Bus
Vijayawada to Bangalore Bus
Vijayawada to Hyderabad Bus
Bangalore to Hyderabad Bus
Bangalore to Chennai Bus
Chennai to Bangalore Bus
Chennai to Madurai Bus
Chennai to Coimbatore Bus
Mumbai to Pune Bus
Mumbai to Hyderabad Bus
Mumbai to Ahmedabad Bus
Indore to Bhopal Bus
Indore to Ahmedabad Bus
Ahmedabad to Jaipur Bus
Ahmedabad to Rajkot Bus
Ahmedabad to Indore Bus
Udaipur to Jaipur Bus
Jaipur to Delhi Bus
Jaipur to Ahmedabad Bus
Delhi to Lucknow Bus
Delhi to Gorakhpur Bus
Delhi to Shimla Bus
Delhi to Jaipur Bus
Important Links
Home
Offer
About
Contact
FAQ's
Terms
Privacy
Responsible Disclosure
Operators
Routes
Careers
Our Management
Investors Relations
AbhiBus | ixigo | Confirm Tkt
© 2025 Le Travenues Technology Ltd. India. All brands are trademarks of their respective owners
PrivacyTerms of UseCareerCustomer Service