ABlyft - A/B Testing Platform Login Try for free Home Features Features Overview Data Protection & Privacy Compliance Productivity Performance Pricing Talk to us en Deutsch (DE) English (EN) A/B Testing for Experts fitting their Requirements The A/B testing platform that meets your privacy requirements , is rocket fast , and provides the best capabilities for implementing your experiments. Plus it's affordable. Try for free Find out more Why Companies choose ABlyft Data Protection & Privacy Compliance - for legal certainty Privacy compliance isn't just a feature - it's a requirement for continued serious experimentation! ABlyft was developed with this approach and continuously adapts to requirements. Find out more Performance - for best User Experiences We are rock solid and rocket fast. With a super tiny snippet, superb CDN and the possibility to host the snippet yourself we are faster than other solutions. Goodbye to any flickering and performance doubts! Find out more Productivity - for agile Experimentation From the small agency to the enterprise, it always remains fast and clear. With a strong focus on developers and an easy to use powerful visual editor you are capable of testing any of your ideas. Find out more Get an Overview of all Features ABlyft comes with a large number of features. Get an overview of all features, grouped by topic. Get an Overview We keep Enterprise A/B-Testing affordable You should focus on the growth of your business . With our affordable pricing , you can invest in experimentation - and not spend it all on one tool. Start for free. Pay when you are ready. Features Overview Free Plan Free Get to know the Platform Run your first Experiments No Credit Card needed Get Support Get Started for free Paid Plan Get a Quote Tests all Features in a POC Pricing tailored to your needs No Limits as in the Free Plan Super fast Support Customization available Get a Quote What makes ABlyft different? Our A/B testing platform was developed from practical experience. No marketeer made things up, but experienced testing engineers and testing managers who have worked in this area for years. From developers for developers. From optimizers for optimizers! Why don't I know ABlyft until now? ABlyft has been used by large and smaller companies to date. They have reached us through various channels and have remained satisfied with us. In short: We are excellent at providing an experimentation platform - but not good at self marketing. Want to try for free? You can test ABlyft directly. No credit card is needed , you can just get started. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us! Try for free Talk to us The A/B testing platform that meets your privacy requirements , is rocket fast , and provides the best capabilities for implementing your experiments. Plus it's affordable. Experimentation Platform Features Overview Data Protection & Privacy Compliance Productivity Performance Company Talk to us Legal Notice Privacy Notice Useful Links Documentation Auf Deutsch ansehen © 2026 ABlyft ® . Made with for A/B-Testing by Conversion Expert GmbH .