Above the Law - A Legal Web Site – News, Insights, and Opinions on Law Firms, Lawyers, Law School, Law Suits, Judges and Courts X Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Subscribe Newsletters Send Tips Menu Biglaw Midsize Small Firms In-House Counsel Bonuses AI Legal Beat Legal Technology Podcasts The Jabot Newsletters Search for: Search Newsletters Send Tips Open navigation Above the Law Toggle Search Subscribe Send Tips Close navigation Biglaw Midsize Small Firms Law Schools In-House Bonuses Legal Tech ATL Tech Center 2025 Practice Management Document Management Contract Lifecycle Management (CLM) Legal Operations Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Time Billing & Payments Artificial Intelligence Tools Legal Tech Directory AI Careers Job Board Law School Rankings Resource Library Money Appellate Court Blog Newsletters Send Tips X Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Subscribe Search for: Search Featured: LMA on ATL ILTA on ATL Sponsorships With Guaranteed ROI Above the Law Government Avast Ye Mateys! Republicans Introduce Bill To Bring Back Pirates To Fight Drug Cartels Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for (Mike) Lee! By Joe Patrice Government Trump’s Law Firm Executive Order Appeals Exist To Haunt Biglaw, Make Sure His Threats Never Die Trump may be losing in court but he's trying to win when it comes to fear. By Staci Zaretsky Biglaw Biglaw’s In Its London Era There's been a lot of growth on the other side of the pond. By Kathryn Rubino Biglaw Best Of ’25: Summer Associate’s Naughty Toddler Impression Gets Her Bounced From Biglaw She really sunk her teeth into Biglaw. By Kathryn Rubino Associate Compensation Scorecard: Biglaw’s 2025 Bonus Blitz Best Of ’25: Amy Coney Barrett Already Workshopping Her ‘President For Life’ Concurring Opinion Best Of ’25: Professor Files Federal Lawsuit After Charlie Kirk Comment Retaliation Best Of ’25: Kirkland Refuses To Publicly Announce Its New Partners, Marking A Shift From Swagger To Silence Take The Law Department Compensation Survey Before Ringing In The New Year Latest News See Also Recall A Biting Memory — See Also Touchy With The Teeth : Sidley associate fired after (politely) gnawing on her co-workers . Keep The Congratulations On The Hush Hush : Kirkland opts out of advertising their newest partners . Prof. Files Fed Suit After Kirk-Related Censorship : Bold move, University of Tennessee . Amy Coney Barrett Outlines The King Decision : Excuse me, President for life* . By Chris Williams Technology Challenging Truisms And Embracing A Cockroach Mentality What will it mean to be a lawyer and legal professional in the future? What will our new value proposition be? By Stephen Embry Sponsored Content AI-Driven Insights, All-In-One Functionality, Peerless Flexibility: Why More Legal Teams Are Choosing Legisway By 		Wolters Kluwer Small Law Firms Five New AI-Powered Business Models For Solos And Smalls In 2026 The AI age does not point toward a single future for law practice or for the wholesale extinction of lawyers. Instead, it opens multiple viable paths. By Carolyn Elefant Technology BriefCatch Raises $6M Series A To Accelerate Acquisitions And Development BriefCatch says the round comes amid its highest revenue growth rate to date, with 126% net enterprise revenue retention among large law-firm customers. By Robert Ambrogi Morning Docket Morning Docket: 12.30.25 * Another former partner sues Kasowitz alleging unpaid compensation. [ NY Law Journal ] * The Post Office will no longer postmark mail on the day it’s sent. The goal is to prevent mail-in voting, but… so long mailbox rule![ Brookings ] * Alex Spiro writes California governor warning him that his clients will leave California if the state attempts to make them actually pay taxes. [ Yahoo ] * Jeffrey Toobin profiles Tom Goldstein’s predicament. Key takeaway… it seems as though he might not have been quite as good at poker as he thought. [ New York Times Magazine ] * Professor redesigns contracts course to recognize the role AI plays in modern practice. [ Law.com ] * Legal Cheek’s most read stories of the year. [ Legal Cheek ] By Above the Law Sponsored Content Why Your Practice Is Burning Money And How You Can Do Better Our expert panel explores common sources of profit leakage along with practical steps for improvement. By 		8am and Above the Law Recent Jobs Corporate Counsel Location: Baltimore posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Transactional Tax Associate Location: New York posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Senior Litigation Attorney Location: New York posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC View All Above the Law Podcasts Think like a lawyer. Evolve the law. All Podcasts Podcasts Closing Out The Year With Mergers And Attacks On The Rule Of Law Technology Adventures In Legal Tech: What Exactly Is Agentic AI? Boutique Law Firms An Inside Look At The Law Firm's Law Firm Technology From Pilot To Playbook: How One Nonprofit Reaped The Benefits Of AI Announcements All Announcements Announcements Checkbox Named in Gartner Hype Cycle for Legal, Risk, Compliance and Audit Technologies, 2025 Announcements Staying Ahead: The Latest in Legal Tech Center – Q3 2025 Edition | Above The Law Announcement Staying Ahead: The Latest in Legal Tech Center – Q2 2025 Edition | Above The Law Announcement Staying Ahead: The Latest in Legal Tech Center – Q1 2025 Edition | Above The Law Sponsored Content How Legal Intelligence Is Bringing In A New Era Of Litigation For Plaintiff Firms Darrow is building a new category of legal intelligence — one that helps firms understand complex legal landscapes earlier, more clearly, and with greater confidence. By Brittany Cianflone See Also Best Of ’25 — See Also Chief Justice Roberts Get Outed By A Handshake : Hard to play impartial after the buddy buddy display . Bye Bye, OCI : Latham dropped out of the time-tested recruitment method . You’re Arresting Me For What? : Former cop arrested over a Facebook meme . Words Have Consequences : Biglaw recruiter fired after racist rant . By Chris Williams Law Schools A T14 Law Degree Won’t Protect You From The Wrath Of Hans Gruber Hans Gruber's recitation of Takagi’s resume was an early demonstration of the research that went into the takeover of Nakatomi Plaza. By Kathryn Rubino Sponsored Content How Filevine’s New DraftAI Cuts Out Hours Of Writing Work Now it transforms your document creation with natural language prompts. By 		Above The Law Biglaw Best Of ’25: Video Of Racist Rant Costs Biglaw Recruiting Director Their Job, Because, Yeah Maybe don't yell the N-word in public if you work in legal recruiting. By Kathryn Rubino In-House Counsel From Risk Aversion To Risk Calibration: What Senne Mennes Taught Me About Building Legal Systems That Learn Slow and steady is the death of innovation. By Olga V. Mack Courts Best Of ’25: Watch The Exact Moment John Roberts Realizes He Whored Himself Out Trump blows up the myth. By Joe Patrice Sponsored Content 4 Ways Your Firm Can Build Economic Resilience It’s the key to long-term success in an uncertain business climate. By 		8am and Above the Law Resources How An Entrepreneurial Firm Grew Its Case Workload 10% After Adopting Lexis+ AI Where Inefficiency (Still) Plagues Today’s Legal Departments An Attorney’s Guide to Switching Law Practice Management Software Overwhelmed By Contracts? Survey Says You’re Not Alone Gen AI: Your Legal Research Assistant, Not Your Replacement How Gibbons’ Approach To GenAI Enhances Client Service 5 AI-Powered Hacks to Maximize Law Firm Productivity A Guide to Ensuring IOLTA Account Compliance The 2024 In-House Compensation Report Is Here! Introducing The 2024 Solo And Small Firm Compensation Report! Courts The Deepfake Courtroom Problem: A Colorado Blue Ribbon Study Sheds Some Light And Offers A Start To Solutions Deepfakes and evidence created or enhanced by AI are going to become increasingly prevalent. How can we successfully confront the problem? By Stephen Embry Courts Best Of ’25: Man Files Civil Rights Lawsuit After Being Arrested Over A Meme About time! By Chris Williams Government Another National Security Concern! It's almost like the administration is ginning up national security concerns that don't really exist. By Mark Herrmann Biglaw Best Of ’25: Latham Will No Longer Participate In Law School On-Campus Interview Programs How will this affect law students? And how many other Biglaw firms will reject OCI? By Staci Zaretsky Small Law Firms Take Our Law Firm Compensation Survey! If you are an attorney working in a small or midsize firm, we want to hear from you. By Above the Law About Advertising & Marketing Solutions Newsletters Our Sites © 2025 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . ×