English
Resilient CISO Inner Circle
Sales: 1-877-600-2295 • sales@absolute.com
Login
Products
Secure Endpoint:
Secure Endpoint - Overview

Securing your endpoints through proactive and remedial measures.

Absolute Visibility

Serves as your source of truth for device and application health.

Absolute Control

Provides you a lifeline to protect at-risk devices and data.

Absolute Resilience

Delivers application self-healing and confident risk response.

Absolute Rehydrate

Eliminate downtime costs with automated remote recovery.


Absolute Resilience for Security

Provides seamless and proactive patch management.

Absolute Resilience for Automation

Offers remediation of security vulnerabilities through automated workflows.

Absolute Ransomware Response

Boosts ransomware preparedness and time-to-recovery.

Secure Access:
Secure Access - Overview

Reliable, resilient SSE for the anywhere workforce.

Absolute Core

Built from ground up for mobility and the modern edge.

Absolute Edge

Delivers the best user experience for the software-defined perimeter.

Absolute Enterprise

Comprehensive SSE provides security controls and threat protection across web, cloud, and private apps.

Absolute Insights for Network

Boosts diagnostics and remediation for digital experience monitoring.

Absolute Secure Web Gateway

Web security that protects data, prevents threats, and secures access to cloud apps.

The Absolute Platform

Learn about the components that power Absolute product capabilities.

Absolute Rehydrate

Restore endpoints back to full compliance.

Quick Links:
Absolute Persistence
Device Compatibility
Requirements
Security Practices
Certifications
Home & Small Office Solutions
Compare Product Packages
Solutions
For Your Team:
IT Management

Reduce complexities across endpoints, applications, and network access that are causing inefficiencies and risk exposure.

Cybersecurity & Compliance

Minimize your risk exposure and stay compliant in support of your anywhere workforce.

Enable the Business

Maximize your workforce’s productivity wherever they work.

The Resilient CISO Inner Circle
New

Explore insights, tools, and strategies for unstoppable business continuity.

Industries:
Education
Finance
Government
Healthcare
Legal
Professional Services
Public Safety
Transportation
Utilities
Quick Links:
Use Cases
Absolute Product Demo Webinar Series

Sign up for an overview of Absolute’s self-healing, intelligent security solutions with a live Q&A.

Beyond Stopping Breaches Webinar

Join Absolute & CrowdStrike to discover self-healing security and fast, automated recovery.

Absolute Resilience for MSPs

Secure your clients’ endpoints with self-healing, visibility, and control.

Resources
Resource Center:
Resource Library
Product Tours
Absolute Blog
Events & Webinars
Research Reports
Customer Success Stories
Featured Resources:
Workspace security insights

Explore trends shaping workspace security strategies with insights from Gartner® Hype Cycle™ for Workspace Security.

Zero-trust technology report

Discover key insights to strengthen your strategy with insights from Gartner® Hype Cycle™ for Zero-Trust Technology.

Partners
Partner Ecosystem:
Partner Overview
Find a Partner
Become a Partner
Our Partnerships:
Device Manufacturers

Firmware-embedded by these leading systems manufacturers.

Service Providers

Manage and secure customer devices.

Resellers

Purchase through authorized partners.

Distributors

Find Absolute products worldwide.

Network Operators

Powering the next revolution in enterprise mobility.

Technology Alliances

Integrate with leading security solutions.

Quick Links:
Partner Portal
Device Compatibility
Absolute Resilience for MSPs

Secure your clients’ endpoints with self-healing, visibility, and control.

Align Dashboards to Your Unique Requirements

Create custom dashboards aligned to your organization’s unique device, security and compliance requirements

Company
Overview:
About

Learn about Absolute, the only provider of self-healing, intelligent security solutions.

Leadership

Learn how industry and operational experience is fundamental to our success.

Careers

We're the world’s only provider of self-healing, intelligent security solutions – and we're growing.

Contact Us
Press:
Press Releases

View recent and archived press releases from Absolute.

In The News

See recent mentions and discussions about Absolute in the media.

Support
Customer Support:
Support Center

Learn about Absolute, the only provider of self-healing, intelligent security solutions.

Absolute Knowledge Base

Find answers by searching support articles and other helpful documents and guides.

Absolute Community

Get answers, help others, and stay up to date with product news and events in our community.

Professional & Managed Services

We're the world’s only provider of self-healing, intelligent security solutions – and we're hiring.

Stay Up-To-Date:
Release Updates

View recent and archived press releases from Absolute.

Product and Security Advisories

See recent mentions and discussions about Absolute in the media.

Agreements

Find Agreements and other legal documents.

Quick Links:
Secure Endpoint Customer Console
Secure Access Customer Portal
Product Maintenance Schedule
Device Compatibility
Requirements
Contact Support
Request a demo
ABSOLUTE SECURITY CYBER RESILIENCE PLATFORM
We Stop DowntimeSM

Resilient CISOs trust us to prevent and minimize business disruption and recover in minutes from cyber incidents.


Tour the platform
Request a demo
The latest news, reports and events
Future-Proof Workspace Security

Strengthen security and risk management with insights from Gartner® Hype Cycle™ for Workspace Security.

Get the report →
Beyond Stopping Breaches Webinar

Join Absolute & CrowdStrike to discover self-healing security and fast, automated recovery.

Register now →
INNOVATION SPOTLIGHT: Absolute Rehydrate

Remotely recover compromised endpoints after an IT or security event occurs.

Learn more →
Few organizations fully recover from a cyber incident

"Cyber incidents are now a normal — even mundane — occurrence."


"As a result, CISOs must prepare for what senior leadership will want (resilience) over what they once wanted (protection)."

Read the full report

Source: Gartner Research, Maverick Research: CISOs Must Transform Their Role or Become Obsolete, Will Candrick, 19 June 2025.


GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved.


$400B

annual cost of downtime
(Splunk + Oxford Economics, 2024)

$5.08M

average ransomware/extortion cost
(IBM/Ponemon, 2025)

$4.88M

average data breach cost
(IBM/Ponemon, 2024)

61%

of supply chain breaches are from third-party vulnerabilities
(Verizon DBIR, 2024)

+$670K

breach cost in shadow AI-heavy organizations
(IBM/Ponemon, 2025)

THE FUTURE OF CYBERSECURITY:
Resilience Over Protection

The future of cybersecurity requires a bold shift from mere protection to resilience, where CISOs need to transform from being “chief protection officers” into Chief Cyber Resilience Officers. With cyber incidents now an unavoidable and accepted cost of doing business, CISOs’ focus can no longer be on just preventing every attack, but rather on building the ability to anticipate, withstand, adapt, and quickly recover. Modern CISOs understand that the business impact of cyber incidents is the cost of downtime, and by prioritizing resilience, they minimize disruption, maintain continuity, and turn challenges into opportunities.

Join the Resilient CISO Inner Circle
You need an enterprise platform that drives resiliency across your security stack
Always ON
Always CONNECTED
Always PROTECTED
Tour the platform
Platform overview
The industry's only firmware to cloud platform for endpoints, servers, apps and access

Operates un-deletable at the BIOS level, the only resilience platform you can't remove.

Remotely recovers devices in minutes to a trusted state—not days—without IT delays.

Self-heals before downtime or breaches spread, across endpoints and applications.

Automates patching and vulnerability remediation with 100% control and resilience, for endpoints and servers.


Delivers AI-powered, audit-ready security and compliance with 100% confidence, for CISOs.


30+ years of enterprise
‍cyber resilience
600M

devices with
Absolute embedded

28

global
PC OEMs

3.1B

daily API calls
from endpoints

227

patents
worldwide

300M

monthly application
health scans

Stop downtime in minutes, not hours or days
Firmware-embedded persistence
Automated OS image recovery
Remote remediation at scale — without delay
Business continuity without disruption
Learn more about Absolute Rehydrate
The Absolute Security difference
Persistence

Only Absolute Security's patented persistence technology is embedded in the firmware of over 600 million devices.

Resilience

Only Absolute Security creates an unbreakable connection between device firmware and the Absolute platform.


Intelligence

Only Absolute Security's platform and data uniquely delivers cyber resilience across your entire security stack.

Explore Persistence technology
Resilient CISOs and CIOs
rely on us
“Resilience is so important to how you as a CIO or CISO ensure that your organization can weather a breach, ransom attack, or pandemic.”
John Zangardi
CEO Redhorse Corporation, Board Member, and former CIO of DHS
“I can sleep at night because of Absolute Security. As a CIO, Absolute Secure Endpoint gives me peace of mind. It has strengthened our security posture, allowing us to stay in compliance and giving us that extra level of comfort.”
George Gunther
CIO, Asplundh
See all customer stories
Recognition, validation,
‍and certifications

Recognized in Gartner® Hype Cycle™ for Zero-Trust Technology, 2025

Recognized in Gartner® Hype Cycle™ for Workspace Security, 2025

GigaOm Radar Report Leader, Patch Management Solutions, 2025

GigaOm Radar Report Outperformer, Patch Management Solutions, 2025

Recognized as a Leader in Frost Radar™ for Endpoint Security, 2025

Frost & Sullivan Competitive Strategy & Leadership Award 2025

FedRAMP authorization to operate (ATO)

Certified ISO/IEC 27001

Service Organization Control 2 (SOC2) compliant

Endpoint Management and Zero Trust Networking Leader, Enterprise, G2, Fall 2025

Zero Trust Networking, Enterprise, G2, Fall 2025

GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark and HYPE CYCLE is a trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved.​

Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

Trusted worldwide for
‍business continuity
190
of Fortune 500
enterprises
20
of the top 40 Fortune 500 healthcare providers
15
of the top 60
global banks
48
of the top 50 US local governments
4
of the top 5 US
airlines
Become a resilient
‍organization, today
Request a demo

Learn why Absolute Security is the global leader in self-healing, intelligent security solutions.

Request a demo
Take the product tour

See how Absolute Security works—interactive, fast, and no signup required.


Tour the platform
Products
The Absolute Platform
Compare Products
System Requirements
Release Updates
Security Information

Absolute for Home
Solutions
IT Solutions
Security Solutions
Enable The Business

Use Cases
Industries
Education
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Legal

Professional Services
Public Safety
Transportation

Utilities
Partners
Our Partners
Device Compatibility
Become A Partner
Partner Portal Login

Resources
Blog
Resource Center
Events & Webinars
Customer Success Stories
Support

Absolute Community

About
About Absolute
Leadership Team
Investor Relations
Press Releases
In The News

Legal
Careers
Contact
©2025 Absolute Software Corporation. All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookie Policy.
‍
Manage cookie preferences
Need assistance?
Language
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookies Settings