American College of Allergy Asthma and Immunology | ACAAI Patient For Patients For Members For Patients For Members Submit site search. Español About the ACAAI Annual Scientific Meeting Need an Allergist? What Does An Allergist Treat? When To See an Allergist Choosing an Allergist Allergies Allergies 101 Who Gets Allergies? Allergy Facts Allergy Symptoms Allergic Conditions Food Allergy Insect Sting Allergies Drug Allergies Pollen Allergies Ragweed Allergy Nasal Polyps Eosinophilic Esophagitis Skin Allergy Pet Allergies Hay Fever Latex Allergy Seasonal Allergies Chlorine “Allergy” Dust Allergies Eye Allergy Cockroach Allergy Mold Allergies Sinus Infection Pine Tree “Allergy” Meat Allergy Testing & Diagnosis Management & Treatment Asthma Asthma 101 What Causes Asthma? Who Gets Asthma? Asthma Facts Asthma Symptoms Types of Asthma Testing & Diagnosis Treatment Patient Resources Allergists Answering Questions Articles Ask the Allergist Interactive Tools Patient Support Organizations Resources Library Type 2 Inflammatory Disease Vaccine Information Health Care Providers Type 2 Connection Information for Nurse Practitioners and Physician Assistants ACAAI Roundtable on Atopic Dermatitis and Food Allergy Clinical Trial Resources News Find an Allergist Questions? Take our quiz to help you understand your symptoms. ?php echo $title; ?> Ring in the New Year With Resolutions to Breathe Easier press-release, 								Allergy, Asthma Hoping to Enjoy Your Holidays? Avoid the Sneeze and Wheeze Triggers Hoping to Enjoy Your Holidays? Avoid the Sneeze and Wheeze Triggers press-release, 											Allergy, Allergy Symptoms, Asthma, Asthma Symptoms, Food Allergies Want your child to avoid peanut allergy? Early introduction is working Want your child to avoid peanut allergy? Early introduction is working press-release, 											Allergy, Food Allergies, Peanut Allergies Find an Allergist in Your City Sniffy, sneezy, wheezy? It’s time for an allergist. Find An Allergist Featured Articles COVID-19 Vaccination Linked to Reduced Infections in Children with Eczema COVID-19 Vaccination Linked to Reduced Infections in Children with Eczema La vacunación contra la COVID-19 se relaciona con una reducción de infecciones en niños con eccema La vacunación contra la COVID-19 se relaciona con una reducción de infecciones en niños con eccema Cherie Zachary, MD, Installed as ACAAI President Cherie Zachary, MD, Installed as ACAAI President Military Deployment Linked to Higher Risk of Respiratory Diseases, New Study Finds Military Deployment Linked to Higher Risk of Respiratory Diseases, New Study Finds Un nuevo estudio revela que el despliegue militar está vinculado a un mayor riesgo de enfermedades respiratorias Un nuevo estudio revela que el despliegue militar está vinculado a un mayor riesgo de enfermedades respiratorias Thunderstorms Linked to Surge in Asthma ER Visits, New Study Shows Thunderstorms Linked to Surge in Asthma ER Visits, New Study Shows Allergy Resources View All Go to HOME Allergy Management HOME Allergy Management Home Allergy Management For Everyone (HOME) is an online tool to educate allergy sufferers on managing indoor allergens. Go to Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked Questions Featured Video What is type 2 inflammation and how does it affect people with allergies? Allergist Benjamin Prince, MD, explains various Type 2 inflammation conditions and how they affect people with allergies. Read English Transcript Tools Treating Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps This tool prepares you to talk with your otolaryngologist (ENT) or allergist to decide what treatments are best for you. Help Your Child or Teenager Control Their Severe Asthma What's the best treatment for your child's severe asthma? Use this online tool to explore your options, and take your results to your allergist! Should I Treat My Allergies With Immunotherapy? Use this online tool with your allergist to find out how immunotherapy might help you treat your allergy and asthma symptoms. Controlling Your Eczema (Atopic Dermatitis) What's the best treatment for your eczema? Use this online tool to explore your options, and take your results to your allergist! Controlling Your Severe Asthma Although asthma symptoms are controllable, a cure for asthma has remained elusive. Use this tool to find your best path to relief. Peanut Allergy Treatment Shared-Decision-Making Tool Should your child try peanut allergy treatment? Use this tool to help decide if the treatment is right for your child. Asthma and Allergy Symptom Test Do you suffer from allergies or asthma? Take our online quiz to find out if an allergist can help you find relief! Previous Next Find an Allergist Near You Get Relief. Find an Allergist Find what you’re looking for: Search for: Stay in the know with our quarterly newsletter: Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email * Δ Need an Allergist? Expand Navigation What Does An Allergist Treat? When To See an Allergist Choosing an Allergist Allergies Expand Navigation Allergies 101 Allergy Symptoms Allergic Conditions Testing & Diagnosis Management & Treatment Asthma Expand Navigation Asthma 101 Asthma Symptoms Types of Asthma Testing & Diagnosis Treatment Patient Resources Expand Navigation Allergists Answering Questions Articles Interactive Tools Ask the Allergist Patient Support Organizations Health Care Providers News ACAAI Member Site The resources on ACAAI’s website are not intended to be relied upon as medical opinions or legal advice, nor should they replace the considered judgment of a licensed professional with respect to particular patients, procedures or practices. If legal advice is required, you should seek the advice of your legal counsel. No warranty, guarantee or other representation, express or implied, with respect to the fitness of any of these resources for any particular purpose is given by ACAAI. ©2025 American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology | Policies | Terms of Use | Built by Social Driver Twitter Channel Facebook Profile YouTube Channel Instagram Profile Linkedin Profile Vimeo Channel Pinterest Profile Threads Profile Submit site search Need an Allergist? Expand Navigation What Does An Allergist Treat? When To See an Allergist Choosing an Allergist Allergies Expand Navigation Allergies 101 Expand Navigation Who Gets Allergies? Allergy Facts Allergy Symptoms Allergic Conditions Expand Navigation Food Allergy Insect Sting Allergies Drug Allergies Pollen Allergies Ragweed Allergy Nasal Polyps Eosinophilic Esophagitis Skin Allergy Pet Allergies Hay Fever Latex Allergy Seasonal Allergies Chlorine “Allergy” Dust Allergies Eye Allergy Cockroach Allergy Mold Allergies Sinus Infection Pine Tree “Allergy” Meat Allergy Testing & Diagnosis Management & Treatment Asthma Expand Navigation Asthma 101 Expand Navigation What Causes Asthma? Who Gets Asthma? Asthma Facts Asthma Symptoms Types of Asthma Testing & Diagnosis Treatment Patient Resources Expand Navigation Allergists Answering Questions Articles Ask the Allergist Interactive Tools Patient Support Organizations Resources Library Type 2 Inflammatory Disease Vaccine Information Health Care Providers Expand Navigation Type 2 Connection Information for Nurse Practitioners and Physician Assistants ACAAI Roundtable on Atopic Dermatitis and Food Allergy Clinical Trial Resources News Find an Allergist Español About the ACAAI Annual Scientific Meeting Close Modal Close Modal We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Cookie settings Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT Secret Link