Test Center Closures
Become a Test Center
Search
Contact Us
English
العربية
简体中文
繁體中文
Hrvatski
Dansk
Nederlands
Français
Gaeilge
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Magyar
Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Melayu
Polski
Português
Română
Gàidhlig
Slovenščina
Español
Cymraeg
Exams 
Why Prometric 
Solutions 
Education 
Markets 
Resources 
About Us 
Why Prometric / Finetune AI
Innovate with patented custom assessment AI
Patented Finetune AI, built by and for assessment and educational professionals, delivers precise, high-quality outputs where general large language models fall short.
Request Demo
Discover the Finetune AI advantage

Break through the limitations of low-quality, general AI with custom AI models embedded with deep subject matter expertise and tailored to your exact needs.

Be More Efficient

Align your custom model to existing workflows to reduce the need for extensive prompting or post editing.

Review Faster

Accelerate SME review cycles with more relevant outputs that require less corrections and oversight.

Maintain Integrity

Gain greater control over data and content integrity with enhanced security and compliance.

Improve Experiences

Customize and continuously improve your experience through platform layers that support feedback loops.

Created by a pioneering team of industry experts

Finetune AI is the first-to-release and first-to-patent AI built by a pioneering team with deep expertise across education, credentialing, and workforce domains.

Psychometrics
AI and LLMs
Cognitive and learning sciences
Alignment studies
Exam development
Accelerate assessment creation

Finetune Generate® is a patented, purpose-built item generation engine, AI-enhanced to transform every step of assessment development and customized to your test blueprint, style, and frameworks.

Learn More About Finetune Generate

Generate high-quality content

Create many item types from your specific materials, build from passages, target subdomains and objectives, choose cognitive levels, select topics with keywords, and creativity levels.

Improve your AI model

Intuitive thumbs up or down trains your model. Then, edit, create, and choose keys from generated items, display math notation from many formats, refine item sets, and clone, copy, or duplicate items.

Add references and rationales

Generate rationales to support the correct answer choices and distractors, annotate and reference items with your source material, and capture any additional information in comments on each item.

Check and review your exams

Review metrics like word count, Flesh Kincaid grade level, and readability for each item, plus easily manage role permissions and access to folders, accounts, saving, and auto or manual exporting.

Revolutionize alignment and tagging ​

Finetune Catalog™ accelerates your processes end-to-end with custom AI that intelligently manages and updates your exam content and learning materials instantly.

Learn More About Finetune Catalog

Align content intelligently

Rapidly tag your content against a wide range of frameworks, including government and industry standards, curricula, and job descriptions.

Run precise gap analysis

Accurately identify where your content doesn't meet framework requirements so you can effectively address gaps.

Identify requirements accurately

Intelligently infer and document knowledge or skill requirements implied by course syllabi or job descriptions.

Revitalize content reliably

Quickly spot prohibited or outdated content, and easily re-map content to new frameworks.

Setting a new standard for AI innovation

Finetune AI remains at the forefront—empowering employers, educators, and test-takers with AI-driven solutions that shape the future of assessment.

10

AI scientists

100+

AI-powered partners

300+

AI-enhanced exams

150K+

AI-generated exam items

Leading programs choose Finetune AI

Our global partners drive excellence and innovation, contributing to workforce readiness across all industries.

Texas Region 10 transforms education with customized AI

Finetune AI was the only model that could bank and align 90K items quickly and cost-effectively for its K-12 high-stakes State of Texas Assessments of Academic Readiness exam.

View Success Story
"We evaluated many different platforms and used many different solutions to develop exam items, and we chose Finetune AI by Prometric. It really comes down to how the system can be trained based on all our parameters and not merely plug-in to generic ones."
Tyler Tu

Global Head of Adobe Digital Experience Certification Program, Adobe

AI Leader Steve Shapiro on Transforming Assessments

Discover how Steve Shapiro, SVP of AI at Prometric and CEO of Finetune AI, is transforming assessments with generative AI—reshaping credentialing, workforce readiness, and K–12 education through innovation and scalable solutions.

Read More
Ready to rethink the way assessments work?

Reach out to learn more about how Finetune AI can help you supercharge your exam development, alignment processes, and assessment program.

Partner with Us
Explore cutting-edge studies from our Finetune AI research scientists

Topics include AI in assessment, principled design in testing, and generative AI in K12 education.

Generative AI in K12: Insights from Early Adoption

This peer-reviewed journal article explores Finetune Generate and Catalog’s impact on K12 education, emphasizing improved efficiency in assessment creation and stronger content alignment.

Download now
Generate: AI-Driven System for Creating Educational Content
Download now
 Exams
Find Your Exam
Before Your Exam
Accommodations
On Exam Day
After Your Exam
Frequently Asked Questions
Test Center Closures
 Why Prometric
Assessment Development
Global Delivery
Candidate Experience
Program Growth
Security
Finetune AI
Client Resources
Become a Test Center
 Resources
Success Stories
Guides and Whitepapers
Webinars
Events
Blog
Solutions
Education
Markets We Serve
 About Us
Leadership
Global Offices
Prometric Exams
Press Room
Careers
CONTACT US
   
Privacy
Accessibility
Terms
Ethics
Responsible AI

© Copyright 2025