Ranked the #1 undergraduate university in Nova Scotia - Acadia University Acadia University - Home Skip navigation Home Admissions Academics Student Services Research Alumni & Giving About myAcadia Keywords Search Acadia Apply Donate Acadia University Skip navigation Home Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Canadian Students American Students Bermudian Students Caribbean Students International Students Graduate Admissions Non-traditional Students Mature Students Transfer Students Homeschooled Students Re-admission After You Apply Choosing Courses Advisors & Staff Meet us at an event Online Learning Academics Undergraduate Arts Canadian Studies Classics Economics English Environmental and Sustainability Studies French German History Law and Society Philosophy Politics Psychology Sociology Theatre Women's and Gender Studies Professional Studies Business Administration Community Development Education Kinesiology Music Nursing Pure & Applied Science Applied Bioscience Biology Chemistry Computer Science Economics Engineering Environmental Geoscience Environmental Science Geology Mathematics and Statistics Mathematics Education Nutrition and Dietetics Physics Psychology Theology Honours Undergraduate Summer Research Awards (USRAs) Graduate Programs Arts English Political Science Social & Political Thought Sociology Professional Studies Applied Kinesiology Community Development Education Educational Studies Pure & Applied Science Applied Geomatics Biology Chemistry Computer Science Environmental Science Geology Mathematics and Statistics Psychology Admissions Requirements Graduate Advisors Money Matters Fees (full-time) Fees (part-time) University Funding (PDF) Major External Awards Other External Funding Conference Funding Application (.docx) Current Students Master's Theses and Deadlines Leaves of Absence and Theses Extensions Forms Supervisor Information Frequently Asked Questions Online Learning Courses Future Students Current Students Course Login Self Service Registration Exams Extensions Withdraw Apply and Register Faculty FAQ Co-op Education English Language Centre English for Academic Purposes (EAP) English for Professional Purposes Current Students Apply Open Acadia TESOL Program Certificate in Math Teaching Lifelong Learning Summer Music Academies Huggins High School Science Seminar Learning Technologies & Instructional Design Study Abroad Registrar Library Student Services Accounts & Finances Student Accounts Tuition & Fees Full Course Load Fees Part-Time and Per-Course Fees How to Pay Payment Options for Canadian Students Payment Options for International Students Withdrawals & Refunds Overdue Accounts Acadia Campus Card Student Accounts Made Easy Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Students Entrance Scholarships External Scholarships Student Loans Canadian Students American Students Spring & Summer Post-Care Tuition Waiver Program Current Students Bursaries Awards & Prizes External Scholarships Fellowships and Postgraduate Scholarships Student Loans Canadian Students American Students Spring & Summer Emergency Loans International Students Entrance Scholarships Awards & Prizes Bursaries Acadia Globalization Award Graduate Funding Money Matters Academic & Student Support Academic Advising Accessible Learning Services Prospective Students Enrolled Students Tests & Exams Academic Success Resources Faculty Support Student Accommodations Our Team Tutoring Paid Tutoring Become a Tutor Career and Experiential Learning International Students Indigenous Students Indigenous Gathering Space Indigenous Student Society Indigenous Speaker Series Mi'kmaw History Month Black Students African Heritage Month University Bookstore International Welcome Immigration Study Permits Working in Canada Travel Visas (TRV/eTA) Leave of Absence Invitations for Graduation FAQ New Students Pre-Arrival Support Arrival Orientation Health Insurance Custodianship Study Permits Current Students Book an event at the WIC Living In Canada Grocery Shuttle Program Important Dates Confirmation of Enrolment Income Tax in Canada International Student Employment Program WUSC/SRP Financial Aid Study Abroad Partnerships Health & Wellness Student Health Centre Health Insurance Local Health Centres Taking Care of Yourself Mental Health Counselling e-Mental Health Groups and Events Sexualized Violence Case Management Career Planning Staff Alcohol, Cannabis, and Drugs Alcohol Cannabis Cannabis in Residence Vaping and Tobacco Opioids and Other Drugs Resources Sexuality & Relationships What's Consent? Sexualized Violence 2SLGBTQIA+ Spiritual Wellness Housing & Dining Residences & Housing Residence Options Living Learning Communities Fees Move In Meal Plans Apply to Residence New Students Current Residents Trunk Rooms Room Changes Withdrawal Become a Resident Assistant Maintenance Request Parents Intersession Residence Responsibilities Off-campus Housing Guide to Renting Searching for Housing What to look for in off-campus housing How to Avoid Rental Scams Moving Resources Living in Wolfville Student Guide to Budgeting Parking Eating on Campus Food Assistance Campus Life Clubs & Societies Intramurals Club Sports Club Sports List Red & Blue Crew New to Acadia Campus and Community Student Accounts Made Easy Technology What to Bring Orientation and Welcome Week Equity & Conduct Sexualized Violence Getting Support Giving Support About Sexualized Violence Abusive Relationships News and Events Sexuality & Relationships Equity Employment Equity Committee Resources Book Clubs and Equity Engagement Policies Non-Academic Judicial Student Code of Conduct Filing a Complaint Outcomes Appeals Resources Research Research at Acadia Industry & Community Engagement Faculty Research Infrastructure Adjunct Professors Canada Research Chairs at Acadia Research Data Management (RDM) Strategy - Acadia University Responsible Conduct of Research Research Ethics Board Senate Research Committee Acadia Biosafety Committee Funding Documents and Instructions (SharePoint) Funding History SSHRC Institutional Grant (SIG) University Research Fund (Article 25.55) Harrison McCain Foundation Awards External Research Funding Canadian Foundation for Infrastructure (CFI) Research Support Fund NSERC Arthur B. McDonald Fellowships Students Our Team Policies Alumni & Giving External Relations News Events Benefits & Services TD Insurance Meloche Monnex iA Financial Group Insurance Tuition Discount Diploma Frames Bulletin Giving Why Give? Your Giving Guide Publications Donor List 1838 Society Alumni Association Board of Directors Constitution Annual General Meeting Awards Distinguished Alumni Excellence in Teaching GOLD Alumni Student of the Year Excellence in Alumni Service Outstanding University Service Honorary Alumni Sports Hall of Fame Dr. Fred Gilbert Speaker Series GOLD Council Acadia Alumni Brand Stay Connected Contact Your Team Update your information About At a Glance History Viewbook Virtual Tour Campus Map News & Events Newsroom Event Calendar - All Acadia Events Media Relations Leadership Truth and Reconciliation President and Vice-Chancellor Vice-President, Academic Welcome Faculty & Librarian Offerings Vice-President, External Relations Welcome Contact Us Vice-President, Finance and Administration and CFO Vice-President, Student Experience Communications Office Welcome Media Relations Partnerships Our Partners Types of Agreements Prospective Partners Athletics & Recreation Campus Services Safety & Security Advisories Staff Services Shuttle Service ID Cards & Keys Parking Holiday Parking Map Emergencies & Alerts Occupational Health & Safety Report an Issue Safety Air Quality Testing Asbestos Management Drinking Water Quality Employee Immunization Lab and Shop Safety Radiation Safety (PDF) First Aid Qualified Employees Workplace Violence Prevention Acts and Regulations Commitment to Health and Safety Civic Addresses for Emergency Services Joint OHS Committee CCOHS Accessibility Acadia Accessibility Advisory Committee Facility & Event Bookings Summer Accommodations K.C. Irving Environmental Science Centre Sustainability Office COVID-19 Town of Wolfville myAcadia Apply Donate Keywords Search Acadia Apply Donate Find a program that fits your interests. Explore our 200+ degree options. Read more … Why Acadia? Meet Tanvi (BSc, ’23) from New Delhi, India. Hi! I recently graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Nutrition with a double major in psychology and a double minor in chemistry and biology. Because of the small and tight-knit community at Acadia, I was able to create my own little home away from home. I am blessed to have received so much encouragement and warmth over the years from my friends and the supportive staff and faculty members. Acadia gave me space to make mistakes and discover my passions beyond the classroom. Leading supports and services Explore our vast array of student life supports that empower Acadia students every day. Welcoming learning environment 15:1 student faculty ratio, average class size of 28, 5-minute walk to class from any residence. 200+ degree options Explore our programs, including majors, minors, and honours programs. $8 million in scholarships Explore scholarships and bursaries available to support your education. Why Acadia? Meet Dan (BCS, ’23) from Tokyo, Japan. Hi! I’m a recent Bachelor of Computer Science grad. The most cherished aspect of my time at Acadia was the relationships I formed and the close friends I made. Acadia is in a small town, so a leisurely walk in the park can easily lead to impromptu visits with friends. Even a simple trip to the supermarket can result in chance encounters with friends and acquaintances, providing opportunities to catch up and engage in meaningful conversation. This sense of community and connection is a truly unique experience at Acadia. Leading supports and services Explore our vast array of student life supports that empower Acadia students every day. Welcoming learning environment 15:1 student faculty ratio, average class size of 28, 5-minute walk to class from any residence. 200+ degree options Explore our programs, including majors, minors, and honours programs. $8 million in scholarships Explore scholarships and bursaries available to support your education. Why Acadia? Meet Sydney (BSc, ’23) from Ottawa, Ontario. Hi! I’m an Acadia Bachelor of Science, Honours in Biology grad. Acadia introduced me to some of the most amazing individuals. I felt supported in all that I did throughout my time at Acadia, knowing that the professors and faculty members want nothing more than for students to succeed. The friendships and memories I made at Acadia are once in a lifetime and I could not feel prouder to be joining the Acadia alumni community. Leading supports and services Explore our vast array of student life supports that empower Acadia students every day. Welcoming learning environment 15:1 student faculty ratio, average class size of 28, 5-minute walk to class from any residence. 200+ degree options Explore our programs, including majors, minors, and honours programs. $8 million in scholarships Explore scholarships and bursaries available to support your education. Why Acadia? Meet Danish (BCS, ’23) from Hyderabad, India. Hi! I recently graduated from Acadia’s Bachelor of Computer Science program. Acadia is highly respected for its academic rigor and small class sizes, which allow for more personalized attention and support from professors. Here you will not only learn from textbooks, but Acadia provides you with hands-on experience in your field of study. I'm looking forward to applying the knowledge and skills I've gained to make a positive impact in the world of technology. Leading supports and services Explore our vast array of student life supports that empower Acadia students every day. Welcoming learning environment 15:1 student faculty ratio, average class size of 28, 5-minute walk to class from any residence. 200+ degree options Explore our programs, including majors, minors, and honours programs. $8 million in scholarships Explore scholarships and bursaries available to support your education. Why Acadia? Meet Lily (BBA, '23) from Ottawa, Ontario. Hi! I was a Business Administration student in the Co-op program . I loved Acadia’s small class sizes and being able to connect with professors one-on-one. Acadia and the Town of Wolfville feel like home to me because I am always able to find a familiar face on campus and around town. From making lifelong friends in school to meeting members of the community, my experience at Acadia will follow me through all aspects of life. Leading supports and services Explore our vast array of student life supports that empower Acadia students every day. Welcoming learning environment 15:1 student faculty ratio, average class size of 28, 5-minute walk to class from any residence. 200+ degree options Explore our programs, including majors, minors, and honours programs. $8 million in scholarships Explore scholarships and bursaries available to support your education. Program Search Choose a program: Choose a program... Applied Bioscience Biology Business Administration Canadian Studies Chemistry Classical Studies Community Development Computer Science Economics Education Engineering English Environmental and Sustainability Studies Environmental Geoscience Environmental Science French Geology German History Kinesiology Law and Society Mathematics and Statistics Mathematics Education Music Nursing Nutrition and Dietetics Philosophy Physics Politics Psychology Sociology Theatre Theology Women's and Gender Studies Acadia offers degree programs in the faculties of Arts, Professional Studies, Pure and Applied Sciences, and Theology. We encourage you to choose courses from a variety of disciplines. Click on each program to discover details and career ideas. Applied Bioscience Biology Business Administration Canadian Studies Chemistry Classical Studies Community Development Computer Science Economics Education Engineering English Environmental and Sustainability Studies Environmental Geoscience Environmental Science French Geology German History Kinesiology Law and Society Mathematics and Statistics Mathematics Education Music Nutrition and Dietetics Philosophy Physics Politics Psychology Sociology Theatre Theology Women's and Gender Studies See all Programs Apply to Acadia You can apply online in about 15 minutes. Let's get started! Start Application Attend an Event We'd love to meet you and answer your questions. Find an event near you! Find an event Important Dates for Incoming Students 2026 Feb 28 Nursing applications close 2026 Mar 01 Scholarship deadline for Additional Scholarships Scholarship deadline for additional scholarships on top of grade-based entrance scholarships. Complete the application in your status portal to apply. News & Events The Acadia and Holiday Spirit were Strong this Giving Tuesday Read more … The Acadia and Holiday Spirit were Strong this Giving Tuesday Kitchen Wizards Celebrates 15 Years of Culinary Magic Read more … Kitchen Wizards Celebrates 15 Years of Culinary Magic New Computing Cluster to Model Tidal Energy Turbines Read more … New Computing Cluster to Model Tidal Energy Turbines Taking the pulse of Canadian physical activity Read more … Taking the pulse of Canadian physical activity See all news stories 2026 Jan 06 Dayforce Training: Managers, Deans, Directors, Heads, Administrative Assistants 2026-01-06 13:30 2026 Jan 07 Dayforce Training: Employee with WFM 2026-01-07 13:30 2026 Jan 08 HR Dayforce Training: Employee with Timesheets 2026-01-08 13:30 2026 Jan 09 HR Dayforce Drop In Sessions 2026-01-09 2026 Jan 10 New Student Orientation 2026-01-10–2026-01-11 2026 Jan 12 Winter Orientation Week Events 2026-01-12–2026-01-17 2026 Jan 14 PowerHour 1: Stress, Mental Health & Resilience 2026-01-14 11:45 See Acadia calendar The Campus The Town The Experience The Campus The 250-acre Acadia campus is located in beautiful Wolfville, Nova Scotia. Your classes are a 5-minute walk from any student residence on campus. Our campus offers breathtaking views and cozy study environments in spaces like the iconic K.C. Irving Environmental Science Centre and Harriet Irving Botanical Gardens . With 90% of first-year students living in residence and 92% of off-campus students living within one kilometre of the university, the campus is the epicenter of Acadia's social life. Students who live off-campus still gravitate to this hub of activity. The Town Located just an hour from Halifax and Halifax Stanfield International Airport, Wolfville is the kind of college town you've always imagined. Streets are lined with bistros, coffee shops, lively pubs, and quirky boutiques. The town is framed by the rolling hills of the Annapolis Valley and the waters of the Minas Basin, home to the highest tides in the world. Wolfville is nestled in the heart of Nova Scotia’s award-winning wine region. A UNESCO World Heritage Site is only 10 minutes away. The Experience As an Acadia student, you’ll experience a friendly town lifestyle, small class sizes, and academic excellence. You’ll be part of a warm and welcoming campus and a diverse and vibrant community. Our outstanding architecture and natural beauty are a bonus! Our average class size is 28 students, and the student to professor ratio is 15:1. We offer some of the best dining at any Canadian university. Our Athletics Complex contains a host of facilities for students and the community. Skip navigation Home Admissions Academics Student Services Research Alumni & Giving About myAcadia Contact Careers Safety & Security Privacy Media Centre Give to Acadia Acadia University is located in Mi’kma’ki, the ancestral and unceded territory of the Mi’kmaw nation. Acadia University 15 University Avenue Wolfville, Nova Scotia Canada B4P 2R6 Find Acadia on Report a website issue