Home | ACCC Skip to content Skip to navigation Skip to search Top utilities News centre Contact Our other sites NASC Scamwatch Product Safety Search Menu Search (required) Search Consumers Expand submenu for "Consumers" Buying products and services Advertising and promotions Competition and why it matters Pricing Problem with a product or service you bought Stay protected Debt Specific products and activities Petrol and fuel Telecommunications and internet Business Expand submenu for "Business" Selling products and services Advertising and promotions Pricing Specific products and activities Problem with a product or service you sold Business operations and costs Competition and exemptions Compliance and enforcement Mergers and acquisitions Industry codes Small business By industry Expand submenu for "By industry" Regulated infrastructure Regulatory projects Agriculture Banking and finance Cars and vehicles Childcare Digital platforms and services Energy Food and groceries Franchising Insurance Petrol and fuel Postal services Rail, shipping and ports Telecommunications and internet Travel and airports Water Inquiries and consultations Expand submenu for "Inquiries and consultations" Electricity market monitoring inquiry 2018-26 Gas inquiry 2017-30 Finalised inquiries ACCC consultations Consultation hub Competition exemption consultations ACCC submissions to external consultations Consultative committees Public registers Expand submenu for "Public registers" Browse public registers Infringement notices register Public warning notice register Undertakings registers Section 87B undertakings register Section 93AA undertakings register Section 163 undertakings register General undertakings register Access to services registers Authorisations and notifications registers Authorisations register Collective bargaining notifications register Exclusive dealing notifications register Resale price maintenance notifications register Certification trade marks register Class exemptions register Mergers and acquisitions registers Acquisitions register Public informal merger reviews register Merger authorisations register 2017-25 Merger authorisations direct to Tribunal register 2007-17 Consumer data right exemptions register Designated complaints register Digital ID registers Accredited entities register Australian Government Digital ID System register Gas registers Conditional Ministerial exemptions for gas suppliers Small gas supplier exemptions register Gas price cap exemptions register Price notifications register Shipping investigations register Telecommunications registers Historical registers About us Expand submenu for "About us" ACCC priorities ACCC role and structure Designated complaints Freedom of information National Anti-Scam Centre Contact us or report an issue News ACCC news centre Sign up to newsletters Subscribe to media releases and speeches Publications Our campaigns Careers Current vacancies Graduate opportunities Working with us Conferences and events International relations Other languages We are Australia's national competition, consumer, fair trading and product safety regulator. Find out about our priorities Find out about consumer rights and guarantees Stay protected from scams Report an issue to the ACCC Find mergers under investigation Learn how to check if a product is safe Report a cartel Work with us Microsoft in court for allegedly misleading millions of Australians over Microsoft 365 subscriptions The ACCC has commenced proceedings in the Federal Court against Microsoft Australia and its US-based parent company Microsoft Corporation for allegedly misleading approximately 2.7 million Australian customers when communicating subscription options and price increases, after it integrated its AI assistant, Copilot, into Microsoft 365 plans. End of year closure The Infocentre phone lines will be closed from 3 pm AEDT on Tuesday 23 December, and will reopen at 11 am AEDT on Friday 2 January 2026. Consumers and small businesses can make an enquiry or report to the Infocentre by submitting an online form. HelloFresh and Youfoodz in court over alleged subscription traps We've started separate proceedings in the Federal Court against 2 home meal delivery providers. We allege that HelloFresh and Youfoodz, both owned by HelloFresh SE, breached the Australian Consumer Law by misleading consumers with confusing and unclear subscription practices. Dr Ian Oppermann appointed as ACCC Commissioner We are pleased to announce the appointment of our new Commissioner, Dr Ian Oppermann. Ian is a respected thought leader in the digital economy. He has more than 30 years’ experience in the information and communication technology sector and deep knowledge of data, broadband enabled services and technology. High demand for domestic air travel in spring led to higher airfares Our latest report on domestic airline competition found high passenger levels in October 2025 put extra pressure on seating capacity and pushed up airfares. Domestic airlines carried over 5.5 million domestic passengers in October. View all news “We prioritise the issues impacting the Australian economy, consumers and businesses in Australia.” ACCC Chair Gina Cass-Gottlieb Our priorities Mergers and acquisitions A new mandatory merger control regime for notifying and assessing acquisitions is in effect from 1 January 2026. The new regime is designed to strengthen Australia’s merger control and provide more certainty and transparency. Card surcharges Businesses can charge a surcharge for paying by card, but the surcharge must not be more than what it costs the business to process that payment type. Business must make sure their customers know about any card payment surcharges upfront. Greenwashing and environmental claims Consumers are now, more than ever, making purchasing decisions on environmental grounds. We'll be investigating a number of businesses for making potentially false or misleading environmental claims. Work on some of the biggest issues facing consumers and businesses. Join our team of smart and dedicated people from all walks of life to collaborate on meaningful matters and make a significant and lasting impact for all of Australia. Why work here? View all vacancies Related sites Product Safety Find recalled products, safety information about different products, and report unsafe products. Scamwatch Find out how to recognise, avoid and report scams. Consumer Data Right Find out about the Consumer Data Right, which gives you the right to share your data between service providers of your choosing. ACCC Consumer Rights Facebook ACCC Twitter ACCC Instagram ACCC YouTube ACCC Linkedin The ACCC acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the lands across Australia on which we live and work. We acknowledge their connection to this Country and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Footer menu ACCC © Commonwealth of Australia Accessibility Cookies Disclaimer and copyright Glossary Vulnerability disclosure Privacy