Cookie consent

This website uses cookies that help the website to function and also to track how you interact with our website. But for us to provide the best user experience, enable the specific cookies from Settings, and click on Accept.
Preferences
Reject All
Accept All
What we do
Success stories
Who we are
Insights & news
Careers
Contact us
Meet us at CES 2026 in Las Vegas!

WE ARE ACCEDO

Global experts in streaming solutions and software.
Speak to an expert

WHO WE ARE

Your video business partner.

For 20+ years, we've helped media and entertainment leaders design, develop, deliver, and test multi-screen streaming solutions. With expert teams and flexible engagement models, we simplify the video ecosystem and enable world-class experiences across TV apps, mobile, web, and more.

BUILD, GROW AND DIFFERENTIATE

OTT and video capabilities.
Media offering

Solutions for building, optimizing and delivering competitive video streaming services across TV, mobile, web and connected devices.

Pay-TV offering

IPTV solutions that simplify deployment across all major platforms including Android TV, Roku, CTV, web and mobile.

Sports offering

Expert services and technology that enable stable and engaging delivery of video experiences across digital touch points.

View all solutions

HOW WE WORK

One point of contact for all your video streaming needs.

We can help you achieve your goals at every stage of the video business journey - from strategy and roadmapping to development, service delivery and post-launch management and optimization.

FEATURED CASE STUDIES

Be in good company.

We’re proud to work with leading media companies, OTT service providers and content owners, empowering them to deliver world-class video experiences on a global scale.

Channel 5

Media

EXXEN

Media

Māori+

Media

Tata Play

Operators

Sky NZ

Operators

Common Sense Networks

Media

DNA

Operators

Flicks

Enterprise

Reach more audiences and be where your customers are.

Leverage our extensive partner network to reduce the complexity of building and maintaining successful Connected TV apps.

Keep up to date.

Subscribe to get the latest news and trends in your inbox.

FAQ

Here you'll find answers to common questions about our software, services, and experience. If you need further assistance, feel free to contact us.

What does Accedo do?

Accedo is a global provider of award-winning software and services, with 20 years of experience in the video streaming industry.

Our expert UX design, engineering, quality assurance and delivery teams help global companies optimize, grow, and evolve their video businesses. Our offerings range from no code video solutions to complete OTT managed services, always backed by a data-driven approach and with the end user experience in mind.

What platforms and devices do you develop, design and test for?

Our designers, developers and quality assurance engineers are experts across all major OTT video streaming platforms and devices, including; Apple TV, Roku, Comcast X1, Vizio SmartCast, LG webOS, Samsung Tizen OS, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, iOS, and more.

Can you design or develop bespoke solutions?

Of course, we have worked with many clients globally to build completely bespoke streaming apps and video services that are tailored to their needs, helping them engage users and differentiate from competitors.

Do you offer templated, no-code or SaaS solutions?

We offer a range of modular application frameworks that reduce cost and speed up time to market. Our no-code SaaS solution, Accedo One, allows video businesses to easily build, manage and grow cloud-based OTT video applications with the ability to customize UI through a powerful CMS.

Other templated solutions include our Android TV Launcher.

Does Accedo only work with media and video streaming companies?

Our talented teams of designers (product, UX, UI) and developers (iOS, Web, Smart TV, CTV) can help build competitive digital experiences for pretty much any industry. In addition to working with many of the world's leading media and entertainment companies, we also have clients across a variety of other sectors, including sports, fitness, healthcare, hospitality, publishing, and more.

Privacy Policy
Candidate Privacy Notice
Code of Conduct
Accessibility Plan
Sitemap
Careers
Contact us