Accedo - Global experts in streaming solutions and software. What we do How we work Success stories Who we are Insights & news Careers Contact us Our expertise OTT strategy UX design App development Quality assurance Service offerings End-to-end managed services Quality as a managed service XR as a managed service Software offerings OTT applications XR applications STB applications QoS monitoring Vertical offerings Media Pay TV Sports Content owners Publishers Customer success stories We help leading video businesses globally succeed and grow. Our partner network We reduce complexity through our relationships with premium, strategic partnerships. About us Pioneers in video development, we have Swedish roots but global expertise, reach and perspective. Company history Come with us on a trip down memory lane, where we look back at Accedo's achievements. Sustainability We drive sustainable video forward, committed to its environmentally friendly consumption. Company culture Fueling innovation through a global network of diverse experts and a culture that connects and inspires. All job openings Shape the future of digital experiences and connect to inspiring colleagues globally. What we do Our expertise OTT strategy UX design App development Quality assurance Service offerings End-to-end managed services Quality as a managed service XR as a managed service Software offerings OTT applications XR applications STB applications QoS monitoring Vertical offerings Media Pay TV Sports Content owners Publishers How we work Success stories Customer success stories Our partner network Who we are About us Company history Sustainability Insights & news Careers Company culture All job openings Contact us Meet us at CES 2026 in Las Vegas! We are Accedo Global experts in streaming solutions and software. Speak to an expert 400+ Customers 600+ Employees 15 Offices who we are Your video business partner. For 20+ years, we've helped media and entertainment leaders design, develop, deliver, and test multi-screen streaming solutions. With expert teams and flexible engagement models, we simplify the video ecosystem and enable world-class experiences across TV apps, mobile, web, and more. BUILD, GROW AND DIFFERENTIATE OTT and video capabilities. Media offering Solutions for building, optimizing and delivering competitive video streaming services across TV, mobile, web and connected devices. Pay-TV offering IPTV solutions that simplify deployment across all major platforms including Android TV, Roku, CTV, web and mobile. Sports offering Expert services and technology that enable stable and engaging delivery of video experiences across digital touch points. View all solutions How we work One point of contact for all your video streaming needs We can help you achieve your goals at every stage of the video business journey, from strategic roadmapping, UX design and quality assurance to service delivery and post-launch management and optimization. How we work One point of contact for all your video streaming needs. We can help you achieve your goals at every stage of the video business journey - from strategy and roadmapping to development, service delivery and post-launch management and optimization. Featured case studies Be in good company. We’re proud to work with leading media companies, OTT service providers and content owners, empowering them to deliver world-class video experiences on a global scale. Channel 5 Media EXXEN Media Māori+ Media Tata Play Operators Sky NZ Operators Common Sense Networks Media DNA Operators Flicks Enterprise Reach more audiences and be where your customers are. Leverage our extensive partner network to reduce the complexity of building and maintaining successful Connected TV apps. Keep up to date. Subscribe to get the latest news and trends in your inbox. FAQ Here you'll find answers to common questions about our software, services, and experience. If you need further assistance, feel free to contact us . What does Accedo do? Accedo is a global provider of award-winning software and services, with 20 years of experience in the video streaming industry. Our expert UX design, engineering, quality assurance and delivery teams help global companies optimize, grow, and evolve their video businesses. Our offerings range from no code video solutions to complete OTT managed services, always backed by a data-driven approach and with the end user experience in mind. What platforms and devices do you develop, design and test for? Our designers, developers and quality assurance engineers are experts across all major OTT video streaming platforms and devices, including; Apple TV, Roku, Comcast X1, Vizio SmartCast, LG webOS, Samsung Tizen OS, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, iOS, and more. Can you design or develop bespoke solutions? Of course, we have worked with many clients globally to build completely bespoke streaming apps and video services that are tailored to their needs, helping them engage users and differentiate from competitors. Do you offer templated, no-code or SaaS solutions? We offer a range of modular application frameworks that reduce cost and speed up time to market. Our no-code SaaS solution, Accedo One , allows video businesses to easily build, manage and grow cloud-based OTT video applications with the ability to customize UI through a powerful CMS. Other templated solutions include our Android TV Launcher . Does Accedo only work with media and video streaming companies? Our talented teams of designers (product, UX, UI) and developers (iOS, Web, Smart TV, CTV) can help build competitive digital experiences for pretty much any industry. In addition to working with many of the world's leading media and entertainment companies, we also have clients across a variety of other sectors, including sports, fitness, healthcare, hospitality, publishing, and more. Privacy Policy Candidate Privacy Notice Code of Conduct Accessibility Plan Sitemap Careers Contact us