Access Workspace - Our unique software platform <!-- Bizible Script --> <script type="text/javascript" class="optanon-category-C0004" src="//cdn.bizible.com/scripts/bizible.js" ></script> <!-- End Bizible Script --> Main menu Products Back to Main Menu Solutions for Industry Search by Industry Take the lead with our sector-specific solutions. Close Charities and Not for Profit Construction Education Finance Health, Support and Social Care Hospitality Legal Local Authorities Manufacturing Recruitment Agencies Visitor Attractions Warehousing and Fulfilment Waste Management Wholesale and Distribution Business Need Finance Search by Finance Powerful finance software, developed by finance experts. Close Accounting Software Powerful cloud accounting software Expense Management Track and control your expenses effortlessly, on the go Payments Let us take care of the payments, so you can focus on your business Purchase Order Management Gain complete control across the entire procure-to-pay process CRM and Sales Search by CRM and Sales Integrated CRM and sales solutions designed for your industry Close CRM Software Gain a 360-degree view of your customers EPoS Drive performance with intuitive EPoS Event Management Taking the stress out of event coordination Online Payments Secure online payments services built for growth HR and Workforce Search by HR and Workforce Empower your people and drive organisational success. Close Candidate Screening Cut down your time to hire Employee Benefits The complete employee benefits solution HR and Payroll Reduce costs and empower your people In-house Recruitment End-to-end talent acquisition software Volunteer Management Recruit, manage and retain volunteers Operations Search by Operations Streamline your core processes and boost operational efficiency with our integrated business operations software. Close ERP Software Work smarter, and accelerate your business Managed IT Services Partner with us for expert managed IT services Property Maintenance An easy-to-use (CAFM) solution Stock Control Software to effortlessly manage inventory Waste Management Efficiently track and plan operational logistics Warehouse Management Improve your warehouse productivity Learning and Compliance Search by Learning and Compliance Build a strong learning culture and ensure full compliance with our comprehensive digital learning solutions. Close Digital Learning Train, engage and empower employees Compliance Stay ahead of evolving regulations Product Marketplace View all Products Access Evo About Us Back to Main Menu Discover Access Overview We are Access The Access Way: Love Work. Love Life. Be You. Close About Access Company Blog Careers Global Operations Centres Our Management Team Our Giving Back Culture Our Offices Sustainability M&A Company News Company News Stay up-to-date with the latest news, announcements, and insights from The Access Group. View all News Articles Close The Access Group celebrates first anniversary in Kuala Lumpur Posted 06/11/2025 Read more The Access Group Acquires IFS Employee Benefits Posted 02/10/2025 Read more The Access Group Maintains Core Leader Position in Fosway 9-Grid™ Posted 12/09/2025 Read more Careers Customer Back to Main Menu Customer Resources Support Customer Support Find the support resources you need to get the most out of your Access Group solutions. Visit Customer Support Close Customer Success Portal Get the most from your software Knowledge Base Search our Knowledge Base Account Support Get the expert support you need Product Login Securely access your Access Group solutions Success Services Customer Success Services Your central hub for support, service plans, flightpaths, and inspiring customer stories to help you succeed. Visit Customer Success Services Close FlightPaths Explore our range of FlightPath service plans FlexPoints A cost-effective way to access our value-added services Success Plans The tools and resources you need to succeed Professional Services Our 1000+ professionals offer industry expertise Learning Services eLearning, certifications, and instructor led offerings Country UK AU & NZ SG MY US IE Country UK AU & NZ SG MY US IE Contact Sales Access Workspace: What's included FAQs Book a demo Secondary Menu Are you looking for Access Workspace? Access Workspace has become even more powerful with its transition to AI-enabled Access Evo. This unique artificial intelligence solution empowers everyone to achieve more in the moment, giving you the freedom to do more of what’s important. It gives you a single, clear view over your entire organisation, including all your people, processes and Access products. Learn more Book a demo Join 160,000+ customers getting more done Trustpilot Key features of Access Workspace Access Workspace is an integrated ecosystem that brings your Access products together for easier reporting, user management, cloud-based storage and more. Analytics Collaborate Learning Lite Document Storage Data Engine Third Party App Integrations Analytics Business insights at your fingertips with Analytics A powerful and flexible analytics tool that pulls data from all your Access software. From Finance to HR and payroll; view, build and publish insights and dashboards to track performance. Previously siloed data can now be easily brought together, into a combined view, for deeper insight. Collaborate Engage and reach your entire team with Collaborate Connect your team with our powerful collaboration tool. Perfect for document sharing and task management. Set up sites for sharing and manage access to content. Simplify communication across your organisation to improve employee experience and retention. Learning Lite Provide impactful learning experiences with Learning Lite An online learning platform for employees and comes with a number of pre-installed and useful courses. Train employees on vital issues such as wellbeing, internet security or remote working. Helping your organisation meet compliance while helping your employees become the best they can be. Document Storage Automate and organise with secure Document Storage Providing safe cloud based document storage with 24/7 access, all backed up and secure in our world-leading data centres. Digitise your paper-based documents across finance, HR and more for greater transparency and version control. Employees can access documents in one secure place. Saving time with an easy to use search feature. Data Engine Enables you to self-serve and create custom dashboards or insights with data from your connected Access Workspace products. Pro edition only Third Party App Integrations Connects to 250+ third party apps. Enabling you to centralise data from multiple sources. Connect, blend and visualise all your business data in a single place. Pro edition only Connect to 250+ third-party apps and access all your data in one place , giving you a complete picture of the information you need, when you need it. Access Workspace FAQs What is Access Workspace? Access Workspace is a cloud-based digital platform that brings together all your software into one view via your web browser. Helping you improve engagement, visibility & productivity across your business. Why is Access Workspace evolving? Access Workspace is evolving into Access Evo to redefine how businesses interact with technology, enhancing efficiency and empowering growth. Building on the trusted foundations of Access Workspace it brings new enhancements to simplify workflows, boost productivity, and unlock greater insights. It's not just a platform upgrade; it's a strategic leap forward that empowers our customers with smarter automation, seamless integrations, and a user-centric design. This evolution ensures they can do more, faster, and with less effort - freeing them to innovate, grow, and thrive. What is Collaborate? Collaborate is a key feature within Access Workspace which allows you to reach and engage with your team with ease. Connect your team with our powerful collaboration tool. Perfect for document sharing and task management. Workspace resources Speak to one of our experts to find out how our Workspace solution can unite, integrate and optimise all of your people and processes. Request a demo Access Workspace for Care - Improve Operationally Read more Access Workspace for Care: Powerful apps. Total visibility. Outstanding care. Read more Access Workspace apps let everyone perform at their best Read more Trustpilot © 2025 The Access Group Company About Access Blogs News and Events Careers Management Team Our Global Operations Centres Trust Centre Our Terms and Conditions Policies and Reports Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Contact 0845 345 3300 Our Locations