Association of Certified Fraud Examiners Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Together, Reducing Fraud Worldwide About the ACFE Contact Us Cart Sign In Sign In Open Search form Search Search × Close Search “ ” MENU Membership Back to Menu Join Now Become a member of the ACFE. Renew Membership Don't lose your member benefits: Renew today. About Membership Explore Membership Membership Types & Benefits Membership FAQs Who Joins the ACFE? For All Members For CFEs Group Membership & Partnerships Corporate Alliance Law Enforcement & Government Higher Education CFE Credential Back to Menu CFE Credential Exam Candidate Handbook Complete guide to earning your CFE credential. How to Earn Your CFE Credential Learn more about the steps to become certified. About the CFE Credential Earning the CFE Credential CFE Credential Benefits CFE Credential Eligibility Qualifying Point System Calculator Start Your Application CFE Credential FAQs The CFE Exam About the CFE Exam CFE Exam Content Outline CFE Exam Preparation CFE Exam Security and Integrity CFE Exam FAQs Maintaining the Credential Continuing Professional Education (CPE) CPE Compliance FAQs Recertification Alternative Membership Options Fraud Resources Library Back to Menu ACFE Insights Blog Find news and analysis on the fight against fraud. Fraud Magazine Read case studies, thought leadership and more in the ACFE's digital publication. Fraud Resources Library Popular Resources Occupational Fraud 2024: A Report to the Nations The Fraud Risk Management Guide Find a CFE Fraud Talk Podcast Compensation Guide Free Training & Resources Featured Topics Fraud 101 Investigation & Examination Prevention & Deterrence Accounting & Auditing Reports & Statistics Community Back to Menu ACFE Community Connect with the world's largest network of anti-fraud professionals. Membership Directory Find and reach out to other members of the ACFE. ACFE Foundation Discover the ACFE's nonprofit that supports students pursuing fraud examination careers and delivers the latest anti-fraud research. Community Connect About ACFE Chapters Volunteering Advisory Council Get Published Find a CFE Get Involved Speak at an ACFE Event Networking Opportunities ACFE Mentoring Program Be Recognized Awards & Recognition New CFEs Training, Events and Products Back to Menu Prepare for the CFE Exam Decide which study option is best for you. Earn CPE Practical information to help you fight fraud. Group Training Dynamic training for your anti-fraud team. All Training, Events & Products Attend an Event Events Calendar Conferences Virtual Events & Webinars In-Person Events Study on Your Own All Self-Study CPE CFE Exam Preparation Online Courses More Employee Fraud Awareness Training Certificate Programs Books & Manuals ACFE Merchandise All Products Career Back to Menu ACFE Mentoring Program Connect with an ACFE member and elevate your career. Job Board Visit the job board to discover current opportunities. Career Guidance & Resources Explore Career Resources Career Paths Ask the Experts Member Profiles Your Career Journey Just Starting Out Newly Self-Employed Making a Career Change Take Me to the Next Level Leave a Legacy Sign In About the ACFE Contact Us New ACFE Regents Elected Congratulations to Weiyi Tan, CFE, David Nkang Odu, CFE, and Kimberly Figel Benoit, CFE, who will serve two-year terms beginning in 2026. Meet the New Regents Pause/Play 2026 ACFE Government Anti-Fraud Summit Join us virtually on February 24 to gain insights and tools to combat fraud as a law enforcement or government professional. Register Now View the Full Agenda Pause/Play About the ACFE The Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE) is the world’s largest anti-fraud organization delivering best-in-class training, offering the CFE credential and fostering a dynamic, global community of anti-fraud professionals. Learn About the ACFE Who We Are Pause/Play 2026 ACFE Women's Summit Join us in Austin, TX or virtually on March 6 to explore common challenges women face in the industry, ask questions, share ideas and more. Register Now View the Full Agenda Pause/Play 2026 ACFE Fraud Conference Europe Join us in Prague or virtually, March 18-20, to learn best practices to fight fraud, explore emerging trends and expand your network. Register Now View the Full Agenda Pause/Play Pause/Play New ACFE Regents Elected 2026 ACFE Government Anti-Fraud Summit About the ACFE 2026 ACFE Women's Summit 2026 ACFE Fraud Conference Europe The ACFE reduces occupational fraud worldwide by empowering anti-fraud professionals with leading-edge training, resources and professional certification. Join the ACFE Hone your skills and advance your career by joining the world's largest anti-fraud organization. Learn About ACFE Membership Membership Benefits Join our community of anti-fraud professionals who fight to uncover and prevent fraud and corruption across the world. Being a CFE means I have taken the personal step to join a world class organization. The CFE credential is truly the gold stamp of professionalism, education and integrity. Frank Dara, CFE Occupation: North America Investigations Manager Industry: Business Location: Tamarac, Florida, U.S. I believe CFEs have a duty to be active in their communities, as do all citizens. Dr. Maria Krambia-Kapardis, Ph.D., CFE Occupation: Professor Industry: Education Location: Nicosia, Cyprus Helping to educate others and raise awareness of anti-corruption, or preventative fraud measures, within a workplace has been both a personal and professional privilege. Natina Thalien, CFE Occupation: Chief Security Officer Industry: Science and Technology Location: Paris, France Anything can happen, even when you are close to the end, a new event can occur and change your investigation path from one way to another. Nothing can be taken for granted. Sandrine Paquin-Lessard, CFE, CPA Occupation: Director of Fraud Prevention and Detection Industry: Telecommunications Location: Montréal, Canada Fighting Fraud: By the Numbers 95,000+ ACFE Members Worldwide Meet Our Members Read the diverse stories of anti-fraud professionals who depend on the ACFE to stay at the top of their games. Member Profiles 200+ chapters worldwide Connect Locally Wherever you are, you aren’t far from an ACFE chapter where you can connect with your colleagues and attend local events. Learn More About ACFE Chapters 320,000+ CPE provided annually First-Class Education and Training Earn CPE through in-person and virtual events, webinars, self-studies, nano courses and more; all covering the latest fraud topics and techniques Training Events and Products Anti-Fraud Resources Members-Only Resources Free Resources Career Resources for Every Part of Your Professional Journey Job Board Career Paths Learn, Connect and Earn CPE at ACFE Events View All Events Jan 14 2-Day Auditing for Internal Fraud Online Virtual Seminar Jan 14-15, 2026 Additional Information: As an auditor, finding fraud is part of your professional responsibility. Auditing for Internal Fraud will help you develop... Course Level: Basic CPE Credit: 16.0 Ethics CPE Jan 20 Webinar The Global Impact of the U.K.’s Failure to Prevent Fraud Offense Online Webinar Jan 20, 2026 Additional Information: The U.K.’s new Failure to Prevent Fraud law makes large companies criminally liable for  fraud connected to U.K. operations, transactions or victims... Course Level: Basic CPE Credit: 1.5 Jan 28 2-Day Controlling the Risk of Asset Misappropriation Online Virtual Seminar Jan 28-29, 2026 Additional Information: Asset misappropriations pose a risk to all organizations. According to the ACFE’s Occupational Fraud 2024: A Report to the Nations , these schemes... Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 16.0 Feb 03 2-Day Contract and Procurement Fraud Online Virtual Seminar Feb 3-4, 2026 Additional Information: The rise in contract management and the outsourcing of goods and services has created an increase in procurement fraud... Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 16.0 Feb 10 2-Day Developing an Integrated Anti-Fraud, Compliance, and Ethics Program Online Virtual Seminar Feb 10-11, 2026 Additional Information: Tone at the top can set a precedent for an ethical corporate culture, but a formal ethics program establishes a clear framework for an organization’s expectations... Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 16.0 Ethics CPE Feb 19 1-Day Understanding the Mindset of a Fraudster Online Virtual Seminar Feb 19, 2026 Additional Information: Once a fraud scandal goes public, the what, when, where and how become a matter of public record... Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 8.0 Ethics CPE Earn CPE With Self-Study Courses View All Self-Study Online Self-Study 10 Infamous Fraud Cases of the 21st Century $187.00 Members: $149.60 Additional Information: Learn from 10 infamous fraud cases to better protect your clients, employers and the general public from similar schemes. Field of Study: Auditing Course Level: Basic CPE Credit: 4.0 Expert Insights Self-Study Ethics, Rationalizations and Human Fallibility $112.00 Members: $89.60 Additional Information: Field of Study: Behavioral Ethics Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 2.0 Ethics CPE Online Self-Study Fighting Fraud in the Government $281.00 Members: $224.80 Additional Information: Government entities fall victim to every conceivable kind of scheme, and everyone pays, directly or indirectly... Field of Study: Auditing (Governmental) Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 20.0 Ethics CPE Fraud Magazine® - Your official anti-fraud news source Devoted to timely, insightful articles on white-collar crime and fraud examination techniques, Fraud Magazine brings you practical, "down-in-the-trenches" information you can apply immediately. Read FraudMagazine.com Back to top About the ACFE Contact Us For Media For Advertisers ACFE Foundation Copyright 2025 Association of Certified Fraud Examiners, Inc. Site Policies Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Back to top