Skip to main content
PreK–12
Higher Ed
Cart
Sign In
US
Browse Achieve3000 Literacy
Program Details
Implementation
Contact Us
Contact a Rep
Launch
Literacy Acceleration at Your Fingertips
Watch our Demo
Download Overview Flyer
Discover Learning Pathways as Unique as Your Students 

Level-up learning in your classroom with the personalized power of Achieve3000 Literacy! Supported by over 10 years of efficacy studies, this adaptive, digital solution for Grades 3–12 uses robust data and differentiated texts to meet each student exactly where they are—guiding them along an accelerated pathway to double and even triple expected learning gains. 

The road to literacy achievement is at your fingertips. Start your journey with Achieve3000 Literacy. 

A Proven Literacy Accelerator

More than 20 years of independent research has shown that students who use Achieve3000 Literacy on a weekly basis can double and even triple their expected Lexile® gains. This powerful differentiated learning platform is proven to unlock potential and accelerate literacy growth for all students.

On average, students across all grade levels completing one or more lessons per week with an average first-try score of 75% or higher experienced accelerated growth.

 

Content for Every Learner

From fiction to nonfiction and English to Spanish, our content builds knowledge in ELA, science, and social studies and differentiates to each learner’s precise reading level.

Teacher Ease of Use

Our powerful data reporting and flexible implementation model lets you teach your way while supporting comprehension and literacy skills in the classroom and beyond.

College and Career Readiness

With a focus on real-world applications, Achieve3000 Literacy helps every student understand the power of literacy in daily life with its robust Career Center.

Key Topics to Explore
Literacy Acceleration
English Learners
Personalized Learning
Science of Reading

Literacy is the foundation for success in every subject and the launch pad for college and career readiness. Now is the time for schools and districts to unlock student potential through accelerated learning growth supported by effective, personalized educational technology.

Read More 
Learn More From Our District Partners

Discover how Valley View School District uses Achieve3000 Literacy to drive unprecedented ELA growth.

Download this Success Story
A Popular Choice for Educators
Previous

Achieve3000 Literacy has actually yielded seven times the Lexile growth that was originally expected, so we're really proud of that.

Michael Ballone, Assistant Superintendent, Marlboro Township, Pennsylvania

Next

Company Info

About Us
Careers
Contact & Locations
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Our Culture
Our Impact
Trust Center

Get Help

Contact Customer Service
Contact Sales Rep
Check System Status
Get Support
Place an Order

Additional Resources

Accessibility
Author Support
International Rights
Our AI Approach
Permissions
Purchase Order
Suppliers
Follow McGraw Hill:
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Center
|
Do Not Sell
|
Report a Vulnerability
|
Report Piracy
|
Site Map
© 2025 McGraw Hill. All Rights Reserved.
We respect your privacy. We use cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze usage, and support our marketing efforts. Adjust your preferences anytime by clicking Privacy Options or learn more in the McGraw Hill Privacy Center
Privacy Options
Accept All