Skip to main content
American Civil Liberties Union
About 
Issues 
Our Work 
NewsTake ActionShop
Give 
YEAR-END GOAL:
$2 MILLION

This is a countdown clock, counting down until December 31, 2025 at 11:59:00 PM.
02
DAYS
:
00
HOURS
:
42
MINS
:
37
SECS

When officials try to silence dissent and defy the Constitution, the ACLU is the last line of defense. Your year-end gift helps fight these abuses of power and protect our democracy.  

Contributions to the American Civil Liberties Union are not tax deductible.

SPOTLIGHT
The Stories That Shaped 2025
The Stories That Shaped 2025

This year, the ACLU’s most-read stories reflected the pressing issues shaping life in America.

Our Year In Stories

Inside An ICE Detention Center
Inside an ICE Detention Center

Seven people detail what it’s like to be held in a California immigration detention center.

Read More

Trump's Birthright Citizenship Executive Order
Trump's Birthright Citizenship Executive Order

Right now, every child whose citizenship was threatened by Trump's executive order is protected — but now the fight heads to SCOTUS.

Learn More

Stop President Trump's Illegal Boat Strikes
Stop President Trump's Illegal Boat Strikes

Congress must stop the president's illegal and immoral strikes, and officials who have carried them out must be held accountable.

Send Your Message

OUR WORK

The ACLU dares to create a more perfect union — beyond one person, party, or side. Our mission is to realize this promise of the United States Constitution for all and expand the reach of its guarantees.

Issues

Learn about what's happening across the most pressing civil liberties issues of our time, and what you can do.

Abortion
Immigrants' Rights
Racial Justice
Transgender Rights
Voting Rights
Capital Punishment
Civil Liberties
Criminal Law Reform
Disability Rights
Free Speech
HIV
Human Rights
Juvenile Justice
LGBTQ Rights
National Security
Prisoners' Rights
Privacy & Technology
Religious Liberty
Reproductive Freedom
Smart Justice
Women's Rights
Freedom To Be
Freedom To Be

Over the past several years, politicians across the country have banned health care access for transgender youth and their families put themselves between trans people, their families, and their health care providers on how they can live their authentic lives.

Consistent with our 105-year history of defending the right of self-expression and self-determination, the ACLU is committed to the freedom of transgender people and their families. We have fought laws that censor LGBTQ people, ban gender-affirming medical care, make schools less safe for trans students, and force trans people to carry documents outing them as trans.

Our Freedom to Be campaign and programming also serves to celebrate trans individuals around the country who are building solidarity within their communities and finding joy and happiness among their families and friends. Through their powerful and poignant storytelling, as well as our landmark Freedom to Be Monument, which showcases artwork and messaging by over 1,000 trans people and allies across the United States, we are uplifting the dynamic and diverse trans voices around our nation.

Learn more
See all campaigns
News and Commentary
NEWS & COMMENTARY
PRIVACY & TECHNOLOGY
Lawmakers Renew Push to Regulate Kids’ Speech Online Despite Speech Protections
Lawmakers Renew Push to Regulate Kids’ Speech Online Despite Speech Protections

New state and federal bills seek to limit minors’ access to social media, but civil liberties advocates warn that the resulting online censorship threatens constitutional rights without delivering real safety.

NATIONAL SECURITY
Trump's Boat Strikes Are Illegal. The Public Needs Answers.
Trump's Boat Strikes Are Illegal. The Public Needs Answers.

The Trump administration must release its legal justification and all other materials related to its illegal lethal strikes on civilian boats at sea.

CIVIL LIBERTIES
Trump, Immigration, Trans Rights: The Stories That Shaped 2025
Trump, Immigration, Trans Rights: The Stories That Shaped 2025

This year’s most-read ACLU stories trace a nation grappling with military overreach, attacks on the press, threats to immigrant and transgender communities, and the fight for justice in response.

TAKE ACTION
On the Ground

From signing petitions to organizing on the ground, millions of ACLU activists are helping defend our rights. Here are 3 actions you can take today:

See All Actions
Tell Congress: Stop President Trump's Illegal Boat Strikes
Send message
ICE: Stop Terrorizing Children
Send message
Congress: U.S. Troops Are Not The President's Personal Police Force
Send message

Action 1 of 3

D
O
N
A
T
E
Donate to the ACLU

The ACLU has been at the center of nearly every major civil liberties battle in the U.S. for more than 100 years. This vital work depends on the support of ACLU members in all 50 states and beyond.

We need you with us to keep fighting — donate today.

Contributions to the ACLU are not tax deductible.

More Ways to Give
See the ACLU's grade A rating on Charity Watch
The ACLU is an accredited charity approved by the Better Business Bureau
Resources

For specific inquiries and resources

Careers

Full-time positions and internships

Media Inquiries

Press releases and interviews

Shop

Apparel, books, and more

Financial Reports

Annual reports on governance

FOIA Collections

Public records and information

Follow the ACLU on Facebook
Follow the ACLU on YouTube
Follow the ACLU on Instagram
Follow the ACLU on TikTok
Follow the ACLU on Threads
Follow the ACLU on BlueSky
ABOUT US
Careers
Contact Us
Financial Info
History
State Affiliates
RESOURCES
Campaigns
Court Cases
FOIA Collections
Know Your Rights
News
Publications
Scorecards
GET INVOLVED
Donate
Shop
Take Action
Volunteer

© 2025 American Civil Liberties Union

User AgreementPrivacy StatementYour Data ChoicesAccessibility
Search ACLU.org
Search ACLU.org using
DuckDuckGo
Google