ACL Member Portal | The Association for Computational Linguistics Member Portal Skip to main content Menu About the ACL What is Computational Linguistics? Join the ACL Officers ACL LTA Winners ACL Fellows Best Paper Awards ACL Diversity Statistics ACL Publicity Information News ACL News ACL Awards Members in the News News Archives Journals Computational Linguistics Transactions of the ACL Conferences Conference News ACL EACL EMNLP NAACL IJCNLP Events Browse ACL Events Browse Non-ACL Events Add Event to the Website Browse Participants List ACL Fellows Make Fellows Nominations and Recommendations SIGs Anthology Anthology Network Wiki Education NLP/CL Courses NACLO HSCLC Policies ACL Policies Archives Mirror of Past Conferences ACL Home Association for Computational Linguistics Statement from ACL and EACL 2026 Organizers November 29, 2025 | BY webmaster On Nov 27, OpenReview was notified of a software bug that allowed unauthorized access to authors, reviewers, and area chairs. We are grateful to the OpenReview team for fixing the issue quickly. Read more about Statement from ACL and EACL 2026 Organizers Pages 1 2 3 … next › last » What is computational linguistics? Computational linguistics is the scientific study of language from a computational perspective. Computational linguists are interested in providing computational models of various kinds of linguistic phenomena. These models may be "knowledge-based" ("hand-crafted") or "data-driven" ("statistical" or "empirical"). Work in computational linguistics is in some cases motivated from a scientific perspective in that one is trying to provide a computational explanation for a particular linguistic or psycholinguistic phenomenon; and in other cases the motivation may be more purely technological in that one wants to provide a working component of a speech or natural language system. Indeed, the work of computational linguists is incorporated into many working systems today, including speech recognition systems, text-to-speech synthesizers, automated voice response systems, web search engines, text editors, language instruction materials, to name just a few. Popular computational linguistics textbooks include: Christopher Manning and Hinrich Schütze (1999) Foundations of Statistical Natural Language Processing , Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. MIT Press. Also see the book's supplemental materials website at Stanford. Daniel Jurafsky and James Martin (2008) An Introduction to Natural Language Processing, Computational Linguistics, and Speech Recognition , Second Edition. Prentice Hall. User login Username * Password * Create New Member Account Request New Password Request Username Reminder lala No sign Latest Events ACL 2025 Election Results: Congratulations to Jing Jiang and Raffaella Bernardi The 27th Annual Meeting of the Special Interest Group on Discourse and Dialogue 8th International Sanskrit Computational Linguistics Symposium The Association for Computational Linguistics 317 Sidney Baker Street S., Suite 400-134, Kerrville, TX 78028, USA acl@org.aclweb (unscramble me), Phone: (855) 225-1962