This website uses cookies

We occasionally run membership recruitment campaigns on social media channels and use cookies to track post-clicks. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Use the check boxes below to choose the types of cookies you consent to have stored on your device.


Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all cookies
Allow selected cookies
Use necessary cookies only
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
	
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
 
Search Submit
	
ABOUT ACM
About Home
About ACM
ACM's Mission, Vision, Core Values and Goals
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Policy on Complaint Process Disclosure
ACM Statements
ACM in the News
ACM Updates
Media Center
Contact Us
	

About ACM

ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.

[Learn More about ACM...]

	
	
ACM Regional Councils
	
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
	
MEMBERSHIP
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
Members in the News
MemberNet
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
	

ACM Membership

ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center. 

[Learn More about ACM Membership...]

	
	
ACM Skills Bundle Add-On
	
Customer Service FAQs
	
Become an Ambassador for ACM
	
PUBLICATIONS
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Primary Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Ethics & Plagiarism
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
	

About ACM Publications

For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.

[Learn More about ACM Publications...]

	
	
Publish with ACM
	
Select Application-Oriented Papers
	
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
	
SIGS
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
	

Special Interest Groups

ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.

[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]

	
	
Join an ACM SIG
	
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
	
CONFERENCES
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conferences FAQ
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
	

ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide

Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.

[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]

	
	
Find an ACM Conference
	
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
	
CHAPTERS
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
	

About ACM Chapters

ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.

[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]

	
	
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
	
Chapter Administrative Interface
	
Start an ACM Chapter
	
AWARDS
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
	

About ACM Awards

ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.

More on ACM Awards

	
	
Andrew Barto and Richard Sutton Receive 2024 ACM A.M. Turing Award
	
Torsten Hoefler Receives 2024 ACM Prize in Computing
	
Saman Amarasinghe Recognized With Ken Kennedy Award
	
EDUCATION
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
	

Education

ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...

[Learn More about Education…]

	
	
Ethical and Social Impacts of GenAI in Computing Education: Case Studies
	
How to Extract Meaningful Insights from Data
	
ByteCast Ep78: Russ Cox
	
LEARNING CENTER
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
	

About ACM Learning Center

The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 80,000 online books, courses, and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.

	
	
ByteCast Ep79: Dawn Song
	
ByteCast Ep78: Russ Cox
	
ByteCast Ep77: Anusha Nerella
	
PUBLIC POLICY
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
USTPC HotTopics Webinars
ACM TechBriefs
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
	

Public Policy

ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.

[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]

	
	
TechBrief on Automated Speech Recognition
	
USTPC Issues Revised Statement on Remote Proctoring
	
ACM Europe TPC Statement on Digital Green Certificates
	
DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Home
About Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Celebrates Awareness Months
ACM Code of Ethics
Stop Harassment
Contact Us
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM-W
	

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion

Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.

[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...]

	
	
DEI Articles in CACM
	
DEI CE Webinars
	
How Diverse Is Your Team?
	
Submit your work
ACM's Publications Program
Upcoming conferences
Submissions deadlines 
Find your technical community
Find a SIG Chapter near you
Join ACM!
Renew Your Membership
Nominations 
Award Recipients
Curricula Recommendations
ACM Learning Center
Words Matter
Awareness Months
Recent Policy Products
ACM TechBriefs
A Message to the Computing Community About ACM's Transition to Full Open Access

ACM is pleased to share an important milestone for the computing field. Beginning January 2026, all ACM publications and related artifacts in the ACM Digital Library will be made open access. This change reflects the long-standing and growing call across the global computing community for research to be more accessible, more discoverable, and more reusable. This transition is the result of extensive dialogue with authors, SIG leaders, editorial boards, libraries, and research institutions worldwide. ACM is grateful for the community’s consistent advocacy for openness and its commitment to ensuring that computing knowledge is shared widely.

CACM Relaunched as Open Access, Web-First Publication

ACM has relaunched Communications of the ACM (CACM) as a web-first publication, accessible to all without charge—including the entire backlog of CACM articles. First published in 1958, CACM is one of the most respected information technology magazines. The web-first model will allow ACM to publish articles more rapidly than before so that readers can keep abreast of the lightning-fast changes in the computing field. At the same time, researchers will be able to reference and cite valuable information and research from CACM articles more quickly. This marks another important milestone in ACM's ongoing transition to a fully open access publisher.

Shaping AI's Impact on Billions of Lives

Today’s discourse on artificial intelligence (AI) is dominated by the awkward exchanges between so-called AI accelerationists and AI doomers. For the article "Shaping AI’s Impact on Billions of Lives" in the January issue of Communications of the ACM, Mariano-Florentino Cuéllar et al, formed a team of senior computing researchers along with rising stars in AI to develop a nuanced take on AI’s impact. This article is by researchers and primarily for researchers, taking into account recent developments relevant to AI’s impact in a variety of economic and social domains and highlighting key opportunities for upside impact.

CACM Special Section: Federal Funding of Academic Research

Technological innovation is not just a byproduct of American ingenuity—it is its driving force. Most of the United States' 20th-century productivity growth stemmed from domestic breakthroughs in science and technology. And it is federal funding of basic research which has sparked and sustained the modern technological revolution. Yet despite the extraordinary returns of this investment, federal support for basic research is being sharply curtailed. This special section of Communications of the ACM raises the critical question: Can America remain a global innovation powerhouse if it sidelines the very engine that powered past progress?

ACM Queue Spotlight

In the latest edition of ACM's magazine for practicing software engineers: Memory safety—the property that makes software devoid of weaknesses such as buffer overflows, double-frees, and similar issues—has been a popular topic in software communities over the past decade and has gained special prominence alongside the rise of the Rust programming language. But if you're not yet sold on its value, "Memory Safety for Skeptics" by Andrew Lilley Brinker is for you. The goal of the article is to treat the question of pursuing memory safety in legacy systems with the seriousness and rigor that it deserves—and as worthwhile with or without Rust.

ACM Reaffirms Its Commitment to Our Mission and Core Values

ACM is aware that many in our community are concerned about potential negative effects of recent Executive Orders by the new US Administration on our work in both the US and globally. This includes concerns about possible consequences for ACM publishing, conferences, education, and practitioner efforts, as well as concerns about possible harms to our work on inclusion for a strong and diverse technology workforce.

ACM reaffirms its commitment to our mission and core values in all our scientific and educational activities. This includes global scientific and educational efforts dedicated to advancing the art, science, engineering, and application of computing. We will continue to serve both professional and public interests by fostering the open exchange of information and by promoting the highest professional and ethical standards.

ACM’s commitment to its mission, guided by its core values, is unchanged. We will work with members of the community to understand how new Executive Orders may affect their work as it relates to scientific, educational, and community development efforts.

Become an Ambassador for ACM

Encourage your colleagues to join ACM, share the benefits of ACM and receive free gifts for participating. Your support of ACM is critical to our continuing efforts to advance computing as a science and a profession. 

ACM Code of Ethics

The ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct was updated in 2018 to address the significant advances in computing technology since the 1992 version, as well as the growing pervasiveness of computing in all aspects of society.

CAREER RESOURCE
Lifelong Learning

ACM offers lifelong learning resources including online books and courses from Skillsoft, TechTalks on the hottest topics in computing and IT, and more.

Send Email as Your "@acm.org" Address

ACM is excited to announce a new enhancement of to the widely used ACM email forwarding service. Through a partnership with MailRoute, SMTP Auth Relay is now available for member use. To start sending fully authenticated email as your @acm.org address, simply log in at https://myacm.acm.org and click the "SMTP Auth Relay" link.

About ACM
About ACM
Volunteer
Membership
Join ACM
Renew My Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
MyACM Sign In
Publications
About Publications
Digital Library
Submit a Paper
Advertise with ACM
Chapters
Chapter Admin Interface
Chapter Activities Calendar
Start a Chapter
Special Interest Groups
SIGs Newsletter
Awards
About ACM's Awards
Conferences
ACM's Conferences
Code of Ethics
ACM's Code of Ethics
Enforcement Procedures
Media Center
ACM Media Center
Advertise with ACM
Education
Education Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Home
Home
Sitemap
Contact Us
Member Services
Privacy Policy
Social Media Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Declaration
Copyright © 2025, ACM, Inc