Limited time offer: Up to 50% off
Acronis True Image
Back to homepage
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Support & Resources
Why Acronis
Search in acronis websites
Contact us
Login to account
For managed service providers
For businesses
NEW
For home
SAVE UP TO 50%

ACRONIS CYBER PROTECT CLOUD

Natively integrated cyber protection
AI-powered Cyber Protection for productive MSPs, natively integrating operations management, cybersecurity and data protection in one platform

Now with XDR

Get 1:1 demo
Try now

Detection & Response
SaaS Security
Backup
Disaster Recovery
RMM
PSA
Detection and Response
Acronis EDR and XDR helps you protect clients against threats and comply with cyber insurance requirements. With complete protection spanning the NIST framework, Acronis EDR and XDR enabling MSPs with data governance / compliance and the ability to identify, protect, detect, respond and recover from threats. In addition to EDR & XDR, Acronis also offers MDR so that MSPs can offer their clients a fully managed service with minimal resource investment.

A service tailored:

For service providers
For businesses & enterprise

SE Labs AAA rating for EDR Detection
AV-TEST Advanced Threat Protection certification
SoftwareReviews XDR Champion
CRN Security 100 List
G2 Grid Leader for Endpoint Protection Suites
Acronis in Singapore

We provide robust and efficient data protection with data center in Singapore and over 50 DCs globally

COMPLIANCE
ISO/IEC 27000 series, PDPA, US HIPAA, EU GDPR and more
Acronis is committed to complying with applicable data protection regulations, including with the requirements of the Singaporean Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA). Our information security policies and processes follow international standards as well as the local regulations.
Global Headquarters in Singapore
8 Temasek Boulevard #30-01/02, Singapore 038988 Suntec Tower 3
+65 6995 5975
Build and scale a robust security service from a single platform

Deploy in minutes

Guided onboarding
Fast and easy setup
Web-based console

Manage clients

Centralized, multitenant management
Automated billing
Integration with PSAs and RMMs
Start product tour

Deliver services

Preconfigured integrations
Customizable reports
Low-touch UI

Grow With Acronis

Tiered partner program
Training and certification
24/7 technical support
Consolidate your security stack into one platform
300 integrations with the MSP tools you trust

Acronis Ultimate 365: 7-in-1 protection for Microsoft 365

Enabling MSPs to efficiently deliver the most complete protection for Microsoft 365, integrating backup, XDR, email security, Collaboration Security, email archiving, security posture management and security awareness training into a single, intuitive, multi-tenant platform.

Learn more

Acronis by the numbers

Cloud-native architecture by design

21,000+

Service providers

Ensuring comprehensive protection against cyber threats.

150+

Countries

Our global reach supports your success anywhere.

5,000,000+

Workloads protected

We secure your critical operations.

6.6%

of our Singaporean partners encountered malicious URLs in 2025

100% successfully blocked by Acronis.

Latest on threats to managed IT service provider community

MALWARE ANALYSIS
ARINC’s common-use passenger processing system MUSE Disruption Impacts Flights Across Europe

Major European airports including Heathrow, Brussels, Berlin, and Dublin have reported disruptions in check-in, boarding, and kiosk systems. The outages have been linked to Collins Aerospace’s passenger processing platform MUSE, a system used across many international airports.

Global Canalys Cybersecurity Leadership Matrix 2025 identifies Acronis as a Champion

Canalys has named Acronis as a Champion in the Cybersecurity Leadership Matrix, citing Acronis' MSP-first approach and overall ease of doing business.

Read the report

Acronis earns top placement in the G2 Spring 2025 Grid® Report for Endpoint Protection Suites

Acronis has been recognized in the G2 Spring 2025 Grid® Report for Endpoint Protection Suites, reaffirming our commitment to delivering industry-leading cyber protection.

Read the report

Frost & Sullivan names Acronis a Leader in its 2025 Endpoint Security Radar

The Frost Radar™: Endpoint Security report explores how Acronis is shaping the future of endpoint security and provides insights into the leading solutions in the endpoint security market.

Read the report

Success journey with Acronis

The Cleveland Cavaliers and ECMSI #TeamUp saves hours in Windows patching with Acronis RMM

“It’s great working with an MSP that has a relationship with a solution that they trust, utilize and understand. Having that trust with ECMSI is paramount because there are so many companies deploying multiple solutions that can sometimes feel unvetted.” – Stephen Allison, Sr. Director of IT Operations, Cleveland Cavaliers

Read the full story →

Melius Cyber accelerates pipeline by 300% with Acronis EDR

“The integration from Acronis allowed us to seamlessly deploy protection with existing technologies across our clients’ stack, including Microsoft Intune.” – David McPherson, CTO, Melius Cyber

Read the full story →

Dataone replaces Symantec with Acronis EDR

“We found Acronis’ proposition intriguing because it was basically in ‘MSP mode,’ and we didn’t have many similar solutions. It’s a business model that allows the partner to manage the client directly.” – Angelo Centorame, Head of Infrastructure and Systems Area, Dataone

Read the full story →

Lithium Systems replaces Microsoft Defender for Microsoft 365 with Acronis

“The things that we like most were that the solution is fast and easy to deploy and the setup and configuration is straightforward — even for relatively inexperienced technicians.” – George Aitkenhead, CTO, Lithium Systems

Read the full story →

Managed Service Provider training and certifications

Educational pathways tailored for every learner. Acronis offers different training and certification programs to help individuals and managed service provider (MSPs) enhance their cybersecurity skills and knowledge.

Join for free

About Acronis
Company
Press Releases
Careers
Contacts
Cloud Data Centers
Forum
For partners
Service Providers
Resellers
Developers and ISVs
Affiliates
OEMs
Technologies
Active Protection
AnyData Engine
Acronis Notary
Universal Restore
Anti-malware
View all
Integrations
Management
Automation
Security
Data Protection
View all
Programs & Services
Acronis #CyberFit Sports
Acronis Cyber Foundation
TRU security
Professional Services
Vendor Alliance
ConnectWise
Microsoft CSPs
Compare to
Kaseya
Veeam
ESET
SentinelOne
View all
Environments
Physical
Virtual
Cloud
Endpoints
Applications
Mobile
Engage with Acronis
twitter
blog
cpoc
yt
linkedin
reddit
facebook

Tips, news and promo offers

Subscribe now
Legal information
Privacy policy
Cookie Notice
Notice of collection
Sustainability & governance
© 2003–2025 Acronis International GmbH.