CRM, Email Marketing & Customer Management for SMBs | Act! About Act! Who is Act!? About Us Customer Successes Press Releases Products What we offer Act! Features & Benefits Act! Marketing Act! Mobile Integrations What's New in Act! Pricing Resources Partners & Programs Find an Act! Certified Consultant Training & Education Getting Started Resources Customer Resources Act! Support Plans Learning Center What is CRM? What is Marketing Automation? More Resources Select Your Perfect-Fit Cloud CRM Act! Blog Upgrade Center What's New in Act! Industries Who we serve Insurance Financial Services Manufacturing Login Partners Product Support Contact English (Americas) English (ANZ) English (UK) Français ( French ) French (Canada) Deutsch ( German ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Free Trial See our recent ad? Click here to learn how to organize your chaos. About Act! Who is Act!? About Us Customer Successes Press Releases Products What we offer Act! Features & Benefits Act! Marketing Act! Mobile Integrations What’s New in Act! Pricing Resources Partners & Programs Find an Act! Certified Consultant Training & Education Getting Started Resources Customer Resources Act! Support Plans Learning Center What is CRM? What is Marketing Automation? More Resources Select Your Perfect-Fit Cloud CRM Act! Blog Upgrade Center What’s New in Act! Industries Who we serve Insurance Financial Services Manufacturing JavaScript is required for our website to function. Please disable any browser extensions that block JavaScript from loading. More than CRM. Your total relationship solution. Act! unites sales, marketing, and customer management in one intuitive, affordable platform to help you stay organized, attract new customers, and turn relationships into results. See why SMBs choose Act! for unmatched value. Get Started Free for 14 days. No credit card or download required. By proceeding, you accept the Terms Of Service and Privacy Policy . The all-in-one front-office solution for SMBs that thrive on loyal customer relationships. Customer Relationship Management Calendar & Activity Management Sales Pipeline Management Email Marketing & Customer Communications Analytics & Business Insights Accelerate Your Business Growth with Act! Advantage Put Act! at the center of your daily customer relationship activities. Unite your customer data, sales and marketing processes, website, accounting system, business apps, and more for maximum productivity. Get & Stay Organized Get & Stay Organized Centralize and secure your vital customer data in an organized and user-friendly interface. Configure to unique specifications, and access key customer information with ease in the office or on the road. Turn Relationships Into Results Turn Relationships Into Results Leverage rich customer profiles to gain a deeper understanding of your relationships and deliver outstanding customer experiences that foster customer loyalty and drive repeat business. Attract New Prospects Attract New Prospects Attract high-potential leads with integrated email marketing. Create professional-looking emails, landing pages, surveys, and newsletters that get the right message to the right audience at the perfect time. Hit Sales Goals Hit Sales Goals Keep opportunities advancing and hit your sales goals with interactive quotes and robust opportunity management. Forecast with confidence via a visual sales pipeline and interactive dashboards. Focus on What Matters Focus on What Matters Know exactly where to focus your time and resources with dynamic, real-time metrics and customer-specific insights, enabling informed decision-making across your business. Get & Stay Organized Turn Relationships Into Results Attract New Prospects Hit Sales Goals Focus on What Matters See what our customers say about Act! "I have been using Act! for over 20 years and love the customizable front end and the flexibility." Thomas N. COO, Small Business "I like the configurability of Act!. We have used it for over 15 years and tailored it to reflect the data we need." Stephen B. Director, Small Business "I really love the Marketing Automation which allows me to quickly and easily send email campaigns to targeted audiences." Angelina S. Principal Consultant, Small Business "I've depended on Act! since the beginning. It remains the hub for managing the many relationships under my watch." John K. Financial Professional, Small Business "The best tech support people!" H Winston H. Owner, Small Business "The biggest upside of using Act! CRM at Landform is its incredible value for cost — offering the sophistication of enterprise-level CRMs like Salesforce or HubSpot at a fraction of the price." David E. Marketing Manager, Small Business "The initial set up of Act! was incredibly easy. A representative from the company helped transfer our old data into the new setup which was very straightforward." Larry I. Director, Small Business "I really like Act! because it is user-friendly, which significantly enhances my work efficiency. The intuitive design streamlines my daily operations, allowing me to maintain organization with ease. The initial setup was straightforward and easy, enabling me to get up and running quickly without any hassles." Trey D. President, Small Business We're with you every step of the way. At Act!, your success is our priority, and we’re here to help make it happen. Unlike other CRMs that leave you to figure things out on your own, we provide personalized assistance from day one. You'll have a dedicated Account Manager (a real human, not a chatbot!) and free onboarding with your subscription by a team of experts ready to get you up and running fast. Check Out What’s New at Act! Act! Mobile Manage contacts, activities, and opportunities on-the-go from any Apple iOS or Android device. Learn more Interactive Quotes Create and share customizable online interactive quotes that clients can view and approve in real time, helping you close deals faster. Learn more Live & On-Demand Webinars Learn tips & tricks on how to get the most from Act! in our monthly training webinar series. Learn more Why choose Act! The total relationship package. Powerful CRM and marketing in one. Unparalleled SMB know-how. We understand the unique needs of small businesses. A partner you can rely on. Committed to your success, we’re here to help from day one. 0 + years in business 0 % customer satisfaction 0 + users worldwide See what other customers are saying about how Act! transformed their business. Act! is like having an employee that you pay pennies a day, that’s there 24/7 and allows you to get things done faster. Jay Ratcliff President, Day Trade Fun Read more Act! keeps you connected. Customers love our award-winning software! Ready to win customers for life? Request a demo or try Act! free for 14 days. No download or credit card required. Try Act! free Request a demo Your total relationship solution. Get organized, close more deals, and create customers for life. Start for free New to Act! Products Pricing Free Trial Integrations Customer Successes What is CRM? What is Marketing Automation? CRM for Insurance Agents CRM for Manufacturing About Act! About us Leadership Careers Press Releases Legal Information Obsolescence Policy System Requirements Contact Us Resources Customer Login Getting Started Customer Resources Select Your Perfect-Fit Cloud CRM Blog Act! Service Status Act! Certified Consultants Act! Developers Privacy | Terms of Service | Security | SOC Compliance ©2025 Act! LLC. All rights reserved. All Act! product and service names mentioned herein are registered trademarks or trademarks of Act! LLC, or its affiliated entities. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. Report a suspected vulnerability here .