ActionKit ActionKit Why ActionKit Features Clients ActionKit is now part of the NGP VAN family. Learn more. ActionKit Tools to build a movement Supercharge your online organizing, advocacy and fundraising with the most powerful tools in the business. “Without the ActionKit tech team, our campaigns would be impossible” — Wes Boyd, Co-founder of MoveOn.org Learn more Powerful Organize your heart out ActionKit is used by progressive organizations, large and small, around the world, to make a difference on issues from climate change to gun control to disaster relief to social justice and more. Best practices baked in We tested and we learned what works, so we made it simple to implement personalization, segmented targeting, source tracking, tell-a-friend, optimized layouts, customized asks, a/b testing and much more. Easy to use Simple steps guide you through commonly used settings for quick launch of everything from a new petition page to an urgent action alert email to a fundraising campaign.  Advanced options and customizations are easily enabled when your needs go beyond the basics. Active development ActionKit is always improving. We regularly put out new releases with features, bug fixes, and infrastructure improvements, often based on requests and learnings from our clients. Progressive screen We only work with progressive non-profits and political organizations so your opponents aren’t benefiting from the new best practices you and other clients are developing. Complete access Your subscription includes access to the whole platform and to the same responsive support we provide to each of our clients. We don't have add-on packages or surprise fees. Flexible Radically customizable, and integrates with your tools Clients have built integrations with third-party donation processors and CRMs, GOTV tools, and their own custom software. It’s your data Your list is not locked up with ActionKit; you can access it any time via our APIs or raw SQL. Store anything Add custom fields to users, actions, and pages and populate them from online forms, imports or manually. Front-end flexibility Completely redesign our templates to fit your look, or host pages on your own servers for even more control. API Our web services APIs give you full access to your data and allow you to create pages, submit user actions and send after-action emails from within your applications, so you can build your own tools on top. Solid Sweat your campaigns, not your platform All the features in the world mean nothing if your online presence isn’t reliable. Our clients love the platform’s reliability and responsive support. Support Bug reports, questions, and feature requests go straight to the team that develops ActionKit. Reliability We have redundant servers and backups so when server hardware inevitably fails, your site doesn’t. Security All donation traffic is encrypted, and with the Braintree payment gateway, credit card details don’t ever touch our servers. You can also enable filtering for potentially fraudulent donations at no extra cost. Performance When you're getting thousands of hits a minute, you don't want your platform to collapse. That’s why ActionKit has speedy SSD-backed database servers and Web serving capacity to spare. Features Email: Intuitive set up and flexible targeting Match your existing look or create new ones. Personalize with click-to-insert user data like user name, highest gift, or state or federal legislator, and customize by state, tag, user field or other values. Segment by location, action, donation and mail history, custom fields and tags, or use the report builder to target on any set of criteria. Test everything, easily. Deliver up to hundreds of messages per second. Schedule mailings or make them recurring for a welcome series or sustainer renewal reminders. Monitor delivery with an external service like Mail Monitor with our seed list support. Optimize daily mail stream by sending each user the one most important mailing for them on any day using our priority mailing system. Upload a CSV to merge other data, like microgoals by city or partner event information, into your mailings. Own your email deliverability with a dedicated sender reputation -- other clients' practices won't affect your deliverability -- and use built-in list hygiene tools to target your active users. Create unlimited mailing wrappers. Use models and templates to simplify workflows and enforce best practices. Secure Fundraising: One-time and recurring donations, with micro-targeted asks Easily set suggested amounts based on past giving, accept "in memory" gifts or offer premiums. Customize everything. Personalize your ask, use your thank you email as a receipt, match your pages to your appeals. Automate notifying staff about new recurring, large or campaign-specific donations. Offer your users security with SSL encryption for all transactions. Achieve PCI compliance by using Braintree as your merchant vendor. Accept donations through Braintree, Authorize.net, PayFlow Pro, ACH, and PayPal. Braintree supports donations in most currencies. Fundraise through ActBlue using their integration for data transfer, but still use our sophisticated mailer and reporting tools. Easily refund and manage donations, including PayPal donations, through our interface. Take advantage of our Salesforce sync app, currently in beta, or use our API to build your own sync with another external database of record. Use the API to integrate with an external database of record like Salesforce. Send one-click donation links for opted-in users. Advocacy & List Growth: Petitions, letters, surveys, calls, letters-to-the-editor – with best practices baked in Customize our mobile-friendly templates with your branding, or completely redesign them to match your look and feel. Modify form fields on a page by-page-basis. Create microsites and campaigns with an unlimited number of appearances. Track how many people took action via a specific mailing, Twitter, Facebook, your website or any other source. Direct letters and calls to state or federal US legislators or custom targets. Geocoding assigns users to the correct district. Daisy chain actions within ActionKit or to any other page. Drive sharing with integrated tell-a-friend and social media sharing tools. Deliver signatures to advocacy targets with automated email delivery, petition drop tools, or the Communicating with Congress API. Embed sign ups and simple actions directly on your website so users can act without leaving the page. Send one-click petitions for easy conversions. Target members of Congress on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Participate in the optional cross-client Remember Me to more easily convert users with built in user recognition. Events: Easy set up of centralized events and a complete toolset for distributed organizing and  user-hosted events Recruit members to host and attend events, with event management tools for staff and volunteers. Create new events from a CSV upload, or have event hosts fill out a simple form to set up and host their own. Click-to-insert content and targeting options for event recruitment emails. Provide users with an interactive map and search by city or zip to find nearby events all over the world using built-in geocoding. Give event hosts user-friendly tools, host materials, and reminders. Track emails between hosts and attendees. Analyze events, hosts, and attendees with customizable reports. Data & Analytics: Built-in reports, a sophisticated query builder, and ownership of all your data Track everything - opens, clicks, actions, sign ups, unsubscribes, bounces and referrals, in total and by source or campaign. Use our extensive library of built-in reports on mailing results, list health and growth, actions and donations, user source and other information. Customize our reports or create your own with our point-and-click query builder, or write your own SQL for even more advanced analysis. Schedule reports and dashboards for hourly, daily, weekly, or monthly emails to your staff and stakeholders. Import and export data or transfer it using our APIs. Use our Salesforce integration for seamlessly tracking online and offline fundraising and organizing. Cultivation and relationship development Find exactly the user you're looking for with sophisticated user search. Update user info easily through the admin interface, import tool, or API. Track online user actions and email interactions automatically down to the clicked link, and easily import offline actions. Create unlimited custom user fields to keep track of external IDs, groups and data like employer. Boost user engagement with surveys, welcome series, and personalized outreach. Track calls and interactions with staff notes on a user's record. International Organizing: Multilingual campaigns, international events, and fundraising in other currencies Communicate with users entirely in their language, from mailings to pages to error messages and privacy policies. Use our built-in translations for Spanish, French and Portuguese, or create your own for any language, including right to left. Target mailings by user language. Display combined action count across page translations. Use our sophisticated fundraising tools with US Dollars and other currencies. Recruit users to events near them all over the world. Implement a GDPR compliance plan with our built-in, multilingual privacy tools. API & Developer Tools: Robust tools for data integration and custom application development Customize any form using our CMS or use another CMS and host your page externally without sacrificing functionality. Build your own application on our database, integrating with our tools, with live data access. Submit user actions and send after-action emails from within your applications. Let your designers and developers go to town with our detailed documentation. Take advantage of existing integrations built by other vendors, including Mobile Commons, Action Sprout, Attentive.ly, ActBlue, Relay, Mobilize America, and ControlShift, as well as open source code shared on GitHub by many clients. Clients Our clients are changing the world. In the process, they're developing the craft of online organizing  — finding ways to engage more users, to better leverage influence, and to raise more funds.  We benefit from what they learn and we're proud of the work they're doing using our platform. Learn more Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Cookie Policy