Platform
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Company
Roadmap
API
Free Edition
Partners
Login
Patching That Just Works

Autonomous endpoint management with a scalable and secure
cloud-native platform configurable in 5 minutes, with no VPN needed
Setup in minutes to reduce your cyber risks and costs:
START NOW
WATCH DEMO 

^ Automated cross-OS and third-party apps vulnerability remediation
^ Continuous patch compliance for servers and workstations
^ Real-time scalability for distributed enterprise networks
^ Secure and trusted: SOC 2 Type II, ISO 27001:2022 and GDPR

Action1 + Tenable Quick Start Guide

Third-Party Patching

Automate patching of numerous software titles with real-time progress status, even if your endpoints are offline. Includes 99% patching coverage for most enterprise environments.

LEARN MORE

START NOW

Cross-OS Patching

Update Windows and macOS consistently on all your workstations and servers, even if they are not on a corporate network, disconnected from a company VPN, or not joined to a domain.

LEARN MORE
START NOW
Vulnerability Management

Prevent security breaches and ransomware attacks. Detect vulnerabilities in OS and applications in real-time. Leverage built in vulnerability remediation in a single solution.

LEARN MORE
START NOW
Enterprise-grade Patch Management

Enable IT security and operations teams to detect, prioritize, and remediate vulnerabilities to ensure continuous compliance – all while reducing costs and making your enterprise secure.

Detect

Real-time visibility into missing critical updates for OS (such as macOS and Windows) and third-party apps.

Remediate

Bandwidth-efficient P2P update distribution. Patching of offline endpoints as they go online.

Comply

99% patch compliance in hours, not months. Real-time compliance reporting.

Action1 ranks as America’s #1 fastest-growing private software company on the Inc. 5000 list.

Industry Awards

COMMITMENT-FREE INTERACTIVE WAY TO SEE THE PRODUCT IN ACTION

Join Our Live Demo:
Patching That Just Works with Action1
This Wednesday | 12 PM EST / 4 PM CET

SAVE MY SPOT

Trusted by many Fortune 500 companies

99%

Patch Success Rate

10,000,000+

Endpoints Patched

<1%

Non-Compliant Endpoints

See #1 cloud-native patch management in action

What Experts Say

“Proper patch management requires your organization to evaluate, test, and approve patches. What’s really going to save your bacon, however, is automating patch deployment. If you haven’t already automated patch pushes, use the threat of ransomware as the political cover you need to make it happen.”

“According to Gartner’s Hype Cycle for Endpoint Security, 2022, security and risk leaders must prepare to select next-wave technology to continue to protect endpoints from attacks and breaches.”

“Are zero day attacks real? Absolutely. Are they the biggest issue for most organisations? No. The top issue in vulnerability management is that organizations aren’t prioritizing their patching and compensating controls to align to vulnerabilities targeted by threat actors.”

“Action1 helps to discover, prioritize, and remediate vulnerabilities in a single solution to prevent security breaches and ransomware attacks. It automates patching of third-party software and operating systems, ensuring continuous patch compliance and remediation of security vulnerabilities before they are exploited.”

Testimonials

It could have taken two people, three hours each to update third-party applications in a single library branch. With Action1, it can be done remotely for all branches in one hour by a single person. This allows us to be far more proactive in ensuring security.

Andrew Inbody

Systems Specialist, Lincoln City Libraries

Action1 empowers us to increase operational efficiency dramatically by streamlining our remote IT management. We were able to fully automate our workstation build process — making it 9 times faster whilst increasing quality.

Chris Barlow

Managing Director, Priority One

With Action1, I’m saving hours every week and bringing in better control and consistency across everything that we do. It was also very easy to deploy; I was able to quickly install it and ensure nothing was missed.

Chris Weis

Senior Systems Engineer, Razzoo’s Cajun Cafe

Action1 saves us both time and money — it enables us to manage updates and software across all our endpoints more effectively. Also, its built-in remote desktop empowers us to provide IT support, which saves us $10,000 a year as we do not have to purchase an additional remote support platform.

Jeremy Campbell

IT Manager, Seyer Industries

With Action1, I am confident that we can keep our customers’ remote devices properly updated and patched, troubleshoot any problem that users experience, and provide high-quality support. Connections are stable and reliable, and we can scale the platform up as much as we need.

Mario Domeniconi

Chief Technology Officer, Netability

Action1 fully meets my needs in remote monitoring and management and enables me to provide our remote employees with office-quality IT support, while being an affordable solution. It’s hard to quantify the amount of money Action1 saves us, but the time savings are huge.

Chris Delez

Information Systems & Building Manager, Area Agency on Aging of Broward County

READ FULL SUCCESS STORIES
Stay Tuned

Subscribe to the Action1 newsletter for tips, news and more exclusive resources.

SUBSCRIBE

 

PLATFORM

Autonomous Endpoint Management

Patch Management

Third-Party Patching

Vulnerability Management

Software Deployment

Remote Access

Unattended Access

Endpoint Management

Reports and Alerts

Solution for MSPs

Product Demo

One-to-One Demo

Free Edition

Pricing

Replacement Program

SOLUTIONS
Compliance Overview

PCI DSS

HIPAA

SOC 2

CIS CSC

ACSC Essential Eight

GLBA/FFIEC

Education

RESOURCES

Support

Documentation

Developer API

Integrations

Roadmap

Service Releases

Top 5 Free Apps

Research and Guides

Blog

FAQ

Status

COMPANY

Contact Us

About Us

Case Studies

Testimonials

Analyst Coverage

Leadership

Request Quote

News

Careers

Login

Sign Up

LEGAL

Security

Vulnerability Disclosure

Website Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Cookie Policy

GDPR Compliance

Service License Agreement

Support Policy

Data Processors

3rd Party Components

Sitemap

CONTACTS

	
+1-346-444-8530

	
Toll Free: 833-444-8530

	
2929 Allen Parkway Suite 200, Houston, TX 77019
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
Copyright © Action1 Corporation 2025
The Capterra, SoftwareAdvice and GetApp logos are service marks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved.
By clicking "Accept All Cookies" you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance your experience on our website and assist in our marketing efforts. You can read more about our Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Reject Cookies