Click to exit site
Skip to main content
select language
English
Call us on 0300 123 2040
My account
Search to view results
Home icon
Reporting
Types of fraud
Resources
News
FAQs
About us
Welcome to Report Fraud
The place to report
cyber crime and fraud
Make a report
Make a report card

Tell us what happened and we'll help you report it to the police. If you live in Scotland, please report via 101.

Make a report
Protect yourself
Protect yourself card

Find out how to protect yourself from the different types of cyber crime and fraud.

Learn more
Get help & support
Get help card

If you’ve been affected by cyber crime or fraud, we’re here to listen, to help, and to support you.

Learn more
We're Report Fraud
An introductory video for the updated Report Fraud website
Who are we?
Aria description of Who are we

We’re here for the 4.6 million people affected by cyber crime and fraud every year.

If you’ve been affected and live in England, Wales or Northern Ireland – we’re the people you need to speak to. We'll help you report to the police, learn about how to prevent it, and get the support you need – right here at Report Fraud.

Learn more
Want to know more?

Use the search bar to explore our articles and help guides and learn more about cyber crime and fraud, and how to protect yourself.

Search
Search
Get help and support

Need to speak to someone about how cyber crime or fraud is affecting you? Here are just a few of the organisations who can help you.

Get help
Age UK

Aged 60 or over? Speak to Age UK. They can help you deal with the long-term effects of fraud.

Visit AgeUK website
Citizens Advice

Use the Citizens Advice counselling directory to find a friendly ear to talk to in your area.

Visit Citizens Advice website
Counselling Directory

The online network gives information on counselling as well as listing counsellors in areas across the UK.

Visit Counselling Directory website
Stop! Think Fraud

Learn how to protect yourself from fraudsters by staying vigilant and taking a moment to stop and think.

Visit Stop! Think Fraud
Money Helper

Money Helper offers guidance and support for consumers seeking to improve their financial lives.

Visit Money Helper website
Victim Support

Victim Support is an independent charity dedicated to supporting victims of crime and traumatic incidents in England and Wales.

Visit Victim Support website
Cyber crime and fraud

Stay one step ahead of criminals with our A-Z guide of cyber crime and fraud

View all
What is cyber crime and fraud?

Cyber crime and fraud are both serious criminal offences. If you've been affected by either, you should report it.

Fraud is when someone tricks you into giving them money or information. There are many different ways someone can try to defraud you – in person, over the phone, and online. It’s a serious criminal offence as defined by the Fraud Act 2006.

Cyber crime is when criminals use the Internet to target individuals and businesses. They can use a wide range of attacks – from stealing your passwords and financial details to locking you out of your computer with a virus.

If either has happened to you, you should report it as soon as possible.

Find out more
Phishing

Cyber criminals use fake messages as bait to lure you into clicking on the links within their scam email or text message, or to give away sensitive information (such as bank details).

Bank account fraud

Bank account fraud has occurred if transactions you haven’t made show up on your bank statement.

Online shopping fraud

Shopping and auction fraud involves fraudulent shopping scams that rely on the anonymity of the internet.

Skip footer

Call Us

0300 123 2040

Find us

B&W

Off

 

A-
A
A+

Language

select language
English
Reporting

Make a report

Report a phishing attempt

Types of fraud

A-Z of cyber crime & fraud

Useful links

FAQs

Press & media

Sitemap

Sign up to Report Fraud Alert
Subscribe

Report Fraud is a registered trademark ®

Privacy policy
Accessibility statement
Terms & conditions