Australian Catholic University (ACU) Skip to content Study at ACU Study at ACU Find a course Core Curriculum Course guides Course types explained ACU Online New courses Short courses Why study at ACU Fees and scholarships Domestic student fees International student fees Other fees and costs Payments and refunds Scholarships Financing your studies Important dates Future students events How to apply Undergraduate students Postgraduate students International students Research students Short courses and individual units Admission pathways Find your pathway I didn't get the ATAR / rank I am an elite athlete or performer I have completed military service Education pathways Credit and prior learning Responding to an offer Accept your offer and enrol Defer your offer or withdraw Orientation Leadership academy Undergraduate study at ACU Postgraduate study at ACU Non School Leavers at ACU Study overseas Support for international students Career advisors Support for Year 12 students How parents can help Forms Change of Preference Faith and Values International students International students ACU中文官网 Access International Course Guide online Download student guides Student and alumni stories International student scholarships How to apply Study undergraduate Study postgraduate Study research Study English English and pathway programs Diploma programs Foundation Studies Tertiary Preparation Program (Health Sciences) Study abroad and exchange Semester programs Gateway to ACU Arriving and living in Australia Accommodation options Student visas International student fees Find an ACU-approved agent Meet ACU in your country International partners Contact us - ACU International Student life Student life Experience uni before you start Experience ACU Explore your local campus Open Day Student stories Campus facilities Food, drink and recreation facilities Learning and teaching facilities Sports, health and wellbeing facilities Student safety Library Student accommodation Rental Advisory Service Student Accommodation Scholarships Student services Academic skills development Campus ministry Career development services Connect2Uni First year students Counselling services Disability support Medical centres Student advocacy Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander student services Student Veterans Support Program Gain work experience Graduation ACU Thrive Clubs, activities and student associations Student associations Clubs and societies Creative and cultural activities Leadership opportunities ACU Sport Gyms, fitness classes and facilities Sports clubs and activities UniSport Social sport and sport facililties Elite Athlete and Performer Program Locations Locations Ballarat Blacktown Brisbane Canberra Melbourne North Sydney Rome Strathfield Townsville Leadership Centre Co-Lab business incubator Community event spaces and venue hire The Gaudete Centre, Brisbane The Greg Craven Centre, Melbourne The Peter Cosgrove Centre, North Sydney The Veritas Building Strathfield STEM Centre of Education Excellence Discovery Centre ACU Sport facilities Research and enterprise Research and enterprise Research community Researchers Institutes and centres Research candidates Research facilities and capabilities Research services Library Graduate Research School Graduate research Partner with us Supervisor resources Candidate resources Collaborate with ACU Innovate and research Join us on campus Connect with students Engage our candidates Office of the Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Research and Enterprise) Our research vision Contact us About ACU About ACU Reputation and ranking Education and Student Success at ACU Vision 2033 Leadership and governance Organisational structure Government and public policy Vice-Chancellor and President Faith and Values What if I'm not Catholic? Community giving Safety at ACU Community engagement Sustainability at ACU News Events Careers at ACU Arts and culture hub Widening participation Employers and industry Our partnerships Research partners Publications Handbook by year Faculties, directorates and staff Faculty of Education and Arts Faculty of Health Sciences Faculty of Law and Business Faculty of Theology and Philosophy Directorates First Peoples Directorate Empowering veterans Student veteran services Institutes, academies and centres Policies and procedures Professional Standards and Integrity Search Search Search Search by keyword, course.. Show Me Everything Everything Courses Researcher Search Faith and Values Industry Alumni Giving to ACU Current students Library Staff Contact us Search by keyword, course.. Show Me Everything Courses Researcher Search Search Menu ☰ Close X Start studying in 2026 The following slideshow controls have visual effect only. Start studying in 2026 Do so much more for yourself, and the world, by studying at ACU in 2026. Apply now to start studying in February. Explore courses Perfect your preferences Join us on campus for expert advice on how to change your preferences, explore your study options and learn about alternative entry and admissions pathways. Grab your spot now Study online With ACU Online you can study when and where works best for you while enjoying high-quality courses taught by experienced online educators. Explore our courses New chapter. New calling. Discover how ACU supports our veteran students and their families to make higher education a reality. Learn more Become a secondary teacher – fee free The All Points to Teaching (APTT) program is a unique, employment-based pathway to earn your teaching qualification – with all costs covered. Learn more Talk with us one-on-one Considering uni as a non-school leaver or postgraduate student? Book a one-on-one consultation to discuss your study options and career goals. Learn more Find a scholarship Get financial support with an ACU scholarship. We offer a huge range of scholarships and applying is simple. Learn more Find your pathway Short courses to upskill, retain or kick-start your studies. Learn more Breaking free from academic self-doubt We investigate 'imposter syndrome' from the perspective of two postgraduate students. Learn more Postgraduate Webinars Join us online for a series of webinars to have all your questions about postgraduate study at ACU answered. Learn more It’s your future. Make an impact. Welcome to Australian Catholic University, where tradition sparks new beginnings. Search for a course Register your interest Important dates New courses Register now × Domestic International Close Latest at ACU News News News The following slideshow controls change the content above and below. Information is displayed below the controls while video content plays above the video controls. News ACU research reveals the $206m cost of offensive behaviours on ... 18 December Violence in Australian schools is costing the education sector an estimated $206 million per year, a new report from ACU has revealed. News ACU partners with Christ University on global STEM education hu... 17 December ACU has partnered with Christ University in India to establish the Global STEM Education Centre, helping drive innovation and address real-world challenges in STEM educ... News Statement from ACU on Bondi Beach tragedy 15 December Yesterday, our Australian community witnessed terrible and unspeakable acts of violence committed at Bondi Beach. News How to get through the festive season when you’re estranged fro... 12 December As Christmas approaches, many of us are busy making plans to spend the day with family – organising travel, buying presents and looking forward to (or perhaps dreading)... News Light, hope, and the goodness of the work we share 11 December As Christmas nears, it'stime to reflect on the year's journey, writes ACU Vice-Chancellor and President, Professor Zlatko Skrbis. News Celebrating 30 years of social work in Canberra 10 December ACU Canberra has celebrated 30 years of social work and its first year of delivering speech pathology and occupational therapy – a milestone that reflects a deep commit... News National Industry PhD Award recognises ground-breaking research... 4 December A prestigious government grant will support pioneering ACU-led research into hamstring injuries in sport. News Safeguarding expert’s tips to keep youth safe at schoolies 1 December As thousands of Australian senior school students enjoy or prepare to set off for schoolies celebrations, an ACU child protection expert has issued top tips to keep the... News Study to determine if exercise is safe for people with skin can... 27 November A World Cancer Research Fund grant will deliver new insights into exercise during immunotherapy. News ACU’s MacKillop Professors honour the legacy of Australia’s fir... 25 November ACU has appointed four academics MacKillop Distinguished Professors, a new title inspired by the legacy of Australia’s first saint. News ACU community welcomes recognition of Mary Glowrey’s path to sa... 24 November ACU has welcomed Pope Leo’s recognition of Dr Sr Mary Glowrey’s “heroic virtues”, which has paved the way for her to become Australia’s second saint. News Trans-Tasman tour a golden opportunity for ACU netballers 24 November A dozen students from all corners of Australian Catholic University have the golden chance to add international silverware to their packed trophy cabinet against the be... News ACU recognised as a national leader in research excellence 20 November ACU has been named as Australia’s leading research institution in educational psychology and counselling by The Australian 2026 Research magazine. News ACU researchers lead intensive AIS camp to unlock secret weapon... 19 November The Aussie Stingers are shaping up to be our strongest women's water polo team yet ahead of the LA Olympics thanks to a world first research project led by ACU. News Dialogue across difference is essential to democracy 17 November In an age of division, the Federal Parliamentary Interfaith Breakfast offers a space for respectful dialogue, says ACU Vice-Chancellor and President, Professor Zlatko S... News Philanthropist’s legacy gift to support future generations of n... 17 November A long-time supporter of ACU’s School of Nursing has pledged a bequest valued at more than $1.4 million, creating a legacy that will support the education of nurses for... News ACU researchers recognised as best in their field 13 November ACU is home to some of the world's most influential academics in their fields, with six researchers recognised in the prestigious Clarivate 2025 Highly Cited Researcher... News ACU partners with Western Health to offer new program for PhD-q... 13 November Nurses and midwives with PhD qualifications are being offered weekly study leave to further their clinical and academic careers. News Professor David Smith appointed Executive Dean of Law and Busin... 12 November Professor David Smith has been appointed Executive Dean of the Faculty of Law and Business at ACU. News ACU appoints Dr John Burdick to lead student experience portfol... 11 November ACU has appointed Dr John Burdick as Director of Student Experience and Enhancement, a key portfolio focused on student success, engagement and wellbeing. We’re achieving great things Top 10 Catholic universities Ranked 1st in Australia for research quality 95 % of graduates employed Explore excellence at ACU Study at ACU Prepare for a rewarding career while making an impact. Browse study options, search courses, find out how to apply, view admission pathways, and learn about fees and scholarships. Study with us Our research ACU fosters a community of outstanding researchers and collaborators. Browse your research options, view our priority research areas, and explore our research institutes. Research with us Browse for a course Check out our new courses Allied health Business Creative arts Global studies and international development Humanities and social sciences Information technology Law and criminology Nursing, midwifery and paramedicine Nutrition and biomedical science Philosophy Professional education Psychology Public health and administration Sport and exercise science Teaching Theology Youth work and community development ACU Celebrates the Jubilee Year Every 25 years, the Church proclaims a Holy Year, a special gift of grace and mercy for all people and a time for the
faithful to be renewed in their commitment. ACU will be celebrating the 2025 Pilgrims of Hope Jubilee with events
and activities designed to bring us together as a community, renew us in our commitment and refresh us to take up
our mission anew. Upcoming events and activities Stand out by standing up The following slideshow controls have visual effect only. Tara Croker the video opens above the slideshow controls ACU Business graduate Meet Tara, the ACU graduate who is combining her entrepreneurial spirit with her Indigenous heritage. Atong Deng the video opens above the slideshow controls Youth work graduate Atong has an unstoppable vision for the future of South Sudanese youth in Australia. Dr Derek Chong the video opens above the slideshow controls Nursing graduate Raised in Ipswich in southeast Queensland, Dr Derek Chong is the state's first Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander psychiatrist. Nicola Parkes the video opens above the slideshow controls Youth work graduate Nicola Parkes has dedicated her life to supporting people with a refugee experience. Acknowledgement of Country We recognise Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples' deep spiritual connection to Country and thank them for their continued custodianship. We acknowledge the importance of Indigenous knowledges and pay respect to the Traditional Custodians of the unceded lands and waterways where we work, learn and live. First Peoples Directorate Discover more Community Engagement Discover ACU’s community engagement activities for the common good. With the university mission at the heart, we work with a rich network of community partners to address social issues. ACU’s commitment to quality community engagement has led us to be named as one of the first recipients of the prestigious Carnegie Community Engagement Classification in Australia. Find out more Live in a thriving community Living in student accommodation is a great way to get the most out of your university experience. You’ll get academic support, make lifelong friends, and be part of a diverse and close-knit community. Find accommodation Read compelling stories from ACU Impact brings you stories that inform, challenge and inspire. It’s about the impact we’re having on our communities, and our Mission in action. It’s a practical resource for career, life and study. Visit Impact Safeguarding Children and Young People Child safety is a priority for everyone, everywhere. We're committed to supporting and enabling the safety of children and young people in institutions through research, professional development opportunities, and capacity building tools. Visit portal Have a question? We're available 9am–5pm AEDT, Monday to Friday If you’ve got a question, our AskACU team has you covered. You can search FAQs, text us, email, live chat, call – whatever works for you. Live chat with us now Chat to our team for real-time answers to your questions. Launch live chat Visit our FAQs page Find answers to some commonly asked questions. See our FAQs Ask a question Call 1300 275 228 About ACU Faith and Values Working at ACU Giving to ACU Contact us Our campuses Ballarat Blacktown Brisbane Canberra Melbourne North Sydney Rome Strathfield ACU Online Connect with us Study online with us Still have questions? Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Safety at ACU Copyright ©Australian Catholic University 1998-2025 ABN 15050192660 Provider Number PRV12008 CRICOS Reg 00004G Australian Catholic University acknowledges the traditional custodians of the lands on which we live and work, and we pay our respects to Elders both past and present.