Abilene Christian University myACU Library Athletics Careers Alumni & Giving Apply Visit Request Info About ACU About Us Rankings & Recognition Notable Alumni History & Traditions Abilene, TX News & Stories Academics at ACU All Programs On Campus Undergraduate Online Programs On Campus Graduate Professional Education Colleges at ACU Research Your ACU Experience Faith at ACU Online Student Support Student Life Student Services Student Organizations Study Abroad Athletics Join ACU Admissions Rising Scholars Tuition & Financial Aid Inquire Visit Apply Search Search Search This holiday season, light the way for future Wildcats. Make your gift to ACU today. All is bright Unwrap your future at ACU. apply today Undergraduate Graduate Online Main Content Your browser does not support the video tag. Colleges & Schools We Light the Fire Within Creative thinker. Courageous leader. Game changer. Dream maker. It starts with a spark. That one class. An inspiring professor. A bold idea. Creative thinker. Courageous leader. Game changer. Dream maker. It starts with a spark. That one class. An inspiring professor. A bold idea. College of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences College of Biblical Studies College of Business Administration College of Health and Behavioral Sciences College of Health and Human Services College of Leadership and Professional Studies College of Learning and Development Robert and Kay Onstead College of Science and Engineering Honors College Athletics MOODY MADNESS Bring the noise and support your ACU men’s and women’s basketball teams. Purchase Tickets Featured News Students find special community in ACU’s Honors College When senior Abigail Countess arrived on the Abilene Christian University campus four years ago, she didn’t yet know where to find her classrooms or how to navigate college life. But she did know one thing: she wanted community. She found it in the Honors College, surrounded by classmates who shared her curiosity, drive and faith … Abilene Christian Intercollegiate to debut in October 2026 at Halbert National Officials from Abilene Christian University Athletics, Golf Channel and HNS Sports Group announced on Wednesday a multi-year partnership to host a new collegiate golf tournament, the Abilene Christian Intercollegiate. The competition will be held annually at Halbert National in Granbury, Texas. The inaugural event will take place October 19-21, 2026. The three-day tournament will feature … A defining ACU experience: Study Abroad in action When Langley Smith boarded her flight to Uruguay to study abroad, she expected a semester of travel and new scenery. What she didn’t anticipate was how deeply the experience would reshape her sense of identity, community and calling. Smith’s first study abroad experience was to ACU’s hub location in Montevideo, Uruguay, in Fall 2023. Later, … Read More ACU News Admissions On Campus Undergrad 800-460-6228 Online Programs 855-219-7300 On Campus Graduate 325-674-6911 Safety & Wellness Campus Police 325-674-2911 Counseling 325-674-2626 Medical Services 325-674-2625 ACU Resources Academic Calendar ACU Catalog Administrative Offices Bookstore Campus Map Faculty & Staff Colleges at ACU College of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences College of Biblical Studies College of Business Administration College of Health and Behavioral Sciences College of Health and Human Services College of Leadership and Professional Studies College of Learning and Development Robert and Kay Onstead College of Science and Engineering Honors College Offices & Departments Academic Advising Academic Support Services ACU Police Department Admissions Office Chapel and Spiritual Formation IT Support Center / ACU Information Technology Medical and Counseling Care Center (MACCC) New Student Programs Graduate Admissions Office of International Students and Visiting Scholars Office of Multicultural Affairs Office of the Registrar Residence Life Student Financial Services Student Organizations Student Productions Student Recreation and Wellness Center Study Abroad Wildcat Central Centers & Institutes Center for Careers and Experiential Learning Adams Center Biblical Studies Centers Center for Pre-Health Professions Center for Restoration Studies Center for Speech, Language and Learning Duncum Center Solutions Griggs Center Halbert Center for Missions and Global Service Lytle Center Marriage and Family Institute Medical and Counseling Care Center Pruett Gerontology Center Saunders Center for Joy and Human Flourishing Speaking Center Student Recreation and Wellness Center for Career Development University Testing Center Writing Center Abilene Christian University is a private Christian university located in Abilene, Texas,
                        affiliated with the Churches
                        of Christ. Founded in 1906, ACU is nationally recognized for undergraduate research and
                        teaching, and is classified as
                        an R2 institution by the Carnegie Foundation, recognizing its high level of research activity. 1600 Campus Ct, Abilene, TX 79601 325-674-2000 Accessibility Statement Consumer Information Privacy Policy Sustainability Title IX & Sexual Misconduct University Policies © 2025 Abilene Christian University - Abilene,
                        TX × ‹ ›