Edge Computing & Managed Network Security | Acumera Skip to content Skip to content Search for: Get Started AcuVigil Login BranchSDO Login Industries Convenience Store Protect c-store & gas station networks Restaurant Keep payments flowing and protect networks Retail Protect payments and entire store networks Healthcare Keep patient data safe and private Enterprise Increase network security and protect your business Services INTEGRATED EDGE COMPUTING Acumera Consolidated Edge Acumera Reliant Platform Edge computing solution for multi-site businesses Containerization Seamless way to manage and control microservices Orchestration Runs and manages applications and service containers Virtualization Multiple environments on a single hardware piece SECURE EDGE NETWORKING Secure Edge Networking Platform Software-defined managed edge networking platform ROBUST SECURITY & COMPLIANCE AcuLink Remote Access Simple and secure remote access connections External Vulnerability Scanning Service Prevention of unauthorized network access Internal Vulnerability Scanning Service Detection of internal network vulnerabilities Web Filtering Blocks viruses, phishing and malware Enhanced Security Services (ESS) Network security services for multi-site businesses Enhanced Security Services for Enterprise Protects business and home office networks PCI DSS 4.0 Compliance Management Streamline PCI Compliance with tools and Resources ADVANCED NETWORK SERVICES AcuVigil Platform Real-time, unparalleled visibility and data intelligence Acumera Edge Security Device Advanced firewall and application platform Managed Broadband Removes the headache of broadband management Cellular Backup Delivers automatic backup network connectivity AutoVPN Securely connects remote locations and headquarters Secure WiFi Separates multiple private and public networks Verifone Commander Workloads POS backups and one-time password viewing Insights Blogs Why I Advise Our Retail Edge Customers to Choose Docker Over Kubernetes What Multi-Site Retail Can Learn from QSRs About Edge Computing and Network Visibility Understanding Managed Broadband Services | Acumera How Acumera® is Transforming Restaurant Technology with Edge Computing What is Network Penetration Testing? Internal vs External View all blog posts Case Studies Real Results: Casey’s Success with Edge Computing Discover How Avolta Transformed Operations with the Acumera Reliant Platform Retail-hardened, High Availability Edge Computing Platform for Network Management and Monitoring at RaceTrac Client Success Story Transforming Customer Experience and Operational Efficiency with an Edge Computing Platform at QSR Client Success Story View all case studies PRESS RELEASES Acumera Acquires Scale Computing, Expanding Edge Computing Leadership and Accelerating Innovation Across Distributed Enterprises and MSPs Acumera and EdgePetrol Partner to Boost Fuel Retailer Profits with Real-Time Data and Secure Connectivity Brad Wolfe joins Acumera as CFO, Further Distinguishing the Leadership Team Acumera Unveils ACE (Acumera Consolidated Edge) the 1st Edge/Managed Network Services Platform for Multi-Site Operators View all press releases White Papers Secure Edge Computing for Multi-Site Retail Whitepaper Video Acumera Reliant Platform, Build vs Buy? Acumera Empowers Digital Transformation In Retail, Convenience and Hospitality Acumera Reliant Platform How it Works View all videos Support CUSTOMER SUPPORT Customer Support Center (CSC) Customer support, account management, service portals and documentation. SUPPORT LINKS Acumera Tech™ Mobile App Designed for onsite installers, speeds up new installations Gilbarco Secure Zone Router Installation Tools and resources to streamline the SZR installation About Us ABOUT US About Acumera A leader in managed network security, visibility and automation services LEADERSHIP Meet the leadership team Technology leaders committed to your success CAREERS View open positions Join our team PARTNER WITH US Partner With Acumera Offer Acumera services to your customers CONTACT ACUMERA Contact Acumera Reach out to our team Get Started AcuVigil Platform Login Reliant Platform Manager Login BranchSDO Orchestrator Login Primary Menu Industries Convenience Store Protect c-store & gas station networks Restaurant Keep payments flowing and protect networks Retail Protect payments and entire store networks Healthcare Keep patient data safe and private Enterprise Increase network security and protect your business Services INTEGRATED EDGE COMPUTING Acumera Consolidated Edge Acumera Reliant Platform Edge computing solution for multi-site businesses Containerization Seamless way to manage and control microservices Orchestration Runs and manages applications and service containers Virtualization Multiple environments on a single hardware piece SECURE EDGE NETWORKING Secure Edge Networking Platform Software-defined managed edge networking platform ROBUST SECURITY & COMPLIANCE AcuLink Remote Access Simple and secure remote access connections External Vulnerability Scanning Service Prevention of unauthorized network access Internal Vulnerability Scanning Service Detection of internal network vulnerabilities Web Filtering Blocks viruses, phishing and malware Enhanced Security Services (ESS) Network security services for multi-site businesses Enhanced Security Services for Enterprise Protects business and home office networks PCI DSS 4.0 Compliance Management Streamline PCI Compliance with tools and Resources ADVANCED NETWORK SERVICES AcuVigil Platform Real-time, unparalleled visibility and data intelligence Acumera Edge Security Device Advanced firewall and application platform Managed Broadband Removes the headache of broadband management Cellular Backup Delivers automatic backup network connectivity AutoVPN Securely connects remote locations and headquarters Secure WiFi Separates multiple private and public networks Verifone Commander Workloads POS backups and one-time password viewing Insights Blogs Why I Advise Our Retail Edge Customers to Choose Docker Over Kubernetes What Multi-Site Retail Can Learn from QSRs About Edge Computing and Network Visibility Understanding Managed Broadband Services | Acumera How Acumera® is Transforming Restaurant Technology with Edge Computing What is Network Penetration Testing? Internal vs External View all blog posts Case Studies Real Results: Casey’s Success with Edge Computing Discover How Avolta Transformed Operations with the Acumera Reliant Platform Retail-hardened, High Availability Edge Computing Platform for Network Management and Monitoring at RaceTrac Client Success Story Transforming Customer Experience and Operational Efficiency with an Edge Computing Platform at QSR Client Success Story View all case studies PRESS RELEASES Acumera Acquires Scale Computing, Expanding Edge Computing Leadership and Accelerating Innovation Across Distributed Enterprises and MSPs Acumera and EdgePetrol Partner to Boost Fuel Retailer Profits with Real-Time Data and Secure Connectivity Brad Wolfe joins Acumera as CFO, Further Distinguishing the Leadership Team Acumera Unveils ACE (Acumera Consolidated Edge) the 1st Edge/Managed Network Services Platform for Multi-Site Operators View all press releases White Papers Secure Edge Computing for Multi-Site Retail Whitepaper Video Acumera Reliant Platform, Build vs Buy? Acumera Empowers Digital Transformation In Retail, Convenience and Hospitality Acumera Reliant Platform How it Works View all videos Support CUSTOMER SUPPORT Customer Support Center (CSC) Customer support, account management, service portals and documentation. SUPPORT LINKS Acumera Tech™ Mobile App Designed for onsite installers, speeds up new installations Gilbarco Secure Zone Router Installation Tools and resources to streamline the SZR installation About Us ABOUT US About Acumera A leader in managed network security, visibility and automation services LEADERSHIP Meet the leadership team Technology leaders committed to your success CAREERS View open positions Join our team PARTNER WITH US Partner With Acumera Offer Acumera services to your customers CONTACT ACUMERA Contact Acumera Reach out to our team Get Started AcuVigil Platform Login Reliant Platform Manager Login BranchSDO Orchestrator Login Search for: Managed Network Security & Edge Computing Extend your infrastructure to confidently deliver new customer experiences – every time, everywhere. Whether you have 10 locations or 10,000+, our combination of edge computing, networking, security, and 24/7/365 support gives you the flexibility to manage, monitor, and scale your distributed networks. Get Started Learn More INDUSTRY SOLUTIONS Innovative, Scalable Solutions For Your Business Whether you have 10 locations or 10,000+, our managed services and security solutions work to protect your business and keep your network online and secure. Restaurant C-Store Retail Healthcare Enterprise How Acumera Can Help Your Business Integrated Edge Computing Innovate with the foremost edge computing platform Advanced Network Services Reduce costs, eliminate complexity and gain visibility Robust Network Security Safeguard your network and simplify compliance 24/7/365 Expertise Get started with ease and maintain continuous uptime WHO WE ARE The Network Security Leader and Edge Computing Originator 250K Edge Computing Workloads In The Field 50K Total Serviced Sites 65.6M Data Configuration Elements Managed & Orchestrated 20+ Years of Service DON’T TAKE OUR WORD FOR IT Join Thousands Of Global Brands Using Acumera Jackson’s Food Stores, Inc. Director of IT “With the MNSP program set up through Acumera, it’s been a lot easier for us to see what’s connected to the network, see what’s not working, and help us troubleshoot and get things up and running faster.” Yesway Chief Technology Officer “Acumera’s technology, services, and team have become an extension of our IT department. They are able to alleviate much of the compliance burden through their PCI tools, whole-store network management and cloud-based dashboard.” Austin’s Pizza Vice President of Operations “Acumera provides our restaurants with a complete solution to monitor network traffic to identify cyber threats, protect our payment systems, and assist with PCI compliance, so our team can focus on making the best pizza in town and delivering a great customer experience.” DON’T TAKE OUR WORD FOR IT Join Thousands Of Global Brands Using Acumera Jackson’s Food Stores, Inc. Director of IT “With the MNSP program set up through Acumera, it’s been a lot easier for us to see what’s connected to the network, see what’s not working, and help us troubleshoot and get things up and running faster.” Yesway Chief Technology Officer “Acumera’s technology, services, and team have become an extension of our IT department. They are able to alleviate much of the compliance burden through their PCI tools, whole-store network management and cloud-based dashboard.” FEATURED PRODUCTS Flexibility to manage and scale your distributed networks while unlocking unlimited possibilities for innovation. Managed Network Security Learn More Edge Computing Platform Learn More Secure Edge Networking Learn More Consolidated Edge Learn More INSIGHTS Case Studies, Press Releases, Blogs & More Acumera Acquires Scale Computing, Expanding Edge Computing Leadership and Accelerating Innovation Across Distributed Enterprises and MSPs July 31, 2025 Combined Company Will Be Known as Scale Computing



 – Acumera, a leading provider of secure edge c… Read More Why I Advise Our Retail Edge Customers to Choose Docker Over Kubernetes June 30, 2025 In my role at Acumera, I work closely with retail, convenience store, QSR, and fuel operators to des… Read More Acumera and EdgePetrol Partner to Boost Fuel Retailer Profits with Real-Time Data and Secure Connectivity June 27, 2025 – Acumera, the leading provider of managed network and security services for the convenience and fue… Read More Brad Wolfe joins Acumera as CFO, Further Distinguishing the Leadership Team June 10, 2025 – Acumera, the leading SaaS provider of secure edge computing, managed network services, and PCI com… Read More Secure Remote Access to POS, ATG, DVR, and More: A PCI Assessor’s Take on Saving Time, Cutting Costs, and Staying Compliant May 16, 2025 Even with the increasing number of people working remotely and the reliance on third-party technicia… Read More Real Results: Casey’s Success with Edge Computing April 29, 2025 Explore how Casey’s transformed their operations with the Acumera Reliant Platform for edge computin… Read More EVENTS Come Meet the Acumera Team From webinars to tradeshows, there’s always something going on at Acumera. Browse our list of upcoming events below to find one that interests you. We can’t wait to meet you! 25-26 JUN 2025 CENEXPO 14-16 SEPT 2025 FSTECH Ready to Get Started? Request Your Free Demo Today Get Started Industries & Services Robust Security & Compliance Advanced Network Services Integrated Edge Computing Secure Edge Networking Platform Insights Case Studies and White Papers Acumera in the Press Blog Videos Support Customer Support Acumera Tech™ Mobile App Gilbarco Secure Zone Router Installation About Us About Acumera Meet the Leadership Team View Open Positions Partner With Us Copyright © 2024 - Acumera, Inc. Legal Information 3307 Northland Dr, Suite 500, Austin, TX 78731 Brad Wolfe Brad Wolfe Chief Financial Officer As Chief Financial Officer, Brad oversees the financial strategies and planning that drives sustainable growth and profitability. He leads financial operations, ensuring compliance, accuracy, and efficiency. With over 20 years of experience in private equity-backed technology companies, Brad’s expertise spans mergers and acquisitions, integrations, and successful exits in private and public markets. Brad holds a BBA in Accounting and Information Systems from Southern Methodist University, an MBA in Finance and Information Systems from Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School, and a JD from Illinois Institute of Technology – Kent College of Law. × Brian Prokaski Brian Prokaski Chief Revenue Officer Brian brings over 20 years of extensive experience in driving growth and innovation across diverse technology sectors. Throughout his career, he has held key leadership roles in both private enterprises and Fortune 500 companies, consistently demonstrating a proven ability to integrate innovative solutions and cultivate high-performing teams. As Chief Revenue Officer at Acumera, Brian leads the sales and marketing initiatives with a strong focus on enhancing customer engagement and fostering robust client relationships, ultimately propelling the company’s revenue growth. × Theresa Wilson Theresa Wilson Director of People Operations Theresa oversees the strategic direction and operational excellence of the People Operations function at Acumera. With over 20 years experience, she is tasked with crafting the strategy and roadmap to optimize the effectiveness of our team while aligning with Acumera’s values and strategic objectives. Additionally, Theresa offers counsel to senior leadership in matters related to people leadership to ensure the successful implementation of key company initiatives. × Bret McCants Bret McCants Senior Vice President Customer Service As Senior Vice President of Customer Service, Bret oversees support for all Acumera customers. Having decades of proven success in the Telecommunications, Utility, and Saas industries, Bret has advocated for residential, business, and industrial customers his entire career. FCR (First Contact Resolution) is the goal of the Acumera Support Center. Before joining Acumera, Bret held the role of COO for WellAware, Inc., an oilfield SaaS company. Prior to that, he was the COO for Knology, Inc, a provider of voice, video, and data service. Bret holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Biological and Agricultural Engineering from Texas A&M University. × Cynthia Foster Cynthia Foster Senior Vice President, Customer Service Cynthia is a Six Sigma Black Belt with 25 years of experience enabling strategic high-growth initiatives. Utilizing various methodologies to support and empower the organization, she drives our teams toward the successful outcome of the company’s global strategic objectives, ensuring adherence to Acumera’s values of Vigilance, Ownership, Integrity, Championship, and Empowerment. × Stacy Reis Stacy Reis Chief Financial Officer Stacy is a business-focused leader with over 20 years experience in entrepreneurial start-ups as well as global, publicly traded companies. She’s responsible for leading the financial and administrative teams and setting the financial strategy of the company. She’s passionate about both processes and people; driving towards efficiency, accuracy, and automation while creating strong relationships, building teams, and driving strong culture within the organization. × × Geetha Nagaraj Geetha Nagaraj Director (India Operations) With over 23 years of rich IT experience, Geetha heads Acumera’s India operations. Geetha has played a pivotal role in several acquisitions in the past, ensuring seamless transition for both employees and clients, alike. Her hard working and competitive nature acts as a catalyst to combat any challenge without compromising on quality. Her functional prowess of human resources, finance, and general administration experience enabled her to help build companies from scratch. Geetha excels as a champion leader with excellent people management skills and is a great motivator to her peers throughout the organization. × Jason Davis Jason Davis Vice President of Customer Support As Vice President of Customer Support, Jason focuses on two primary goals: Deliver a world class service experience to Acumera’s customers, enabling them to grow and support their businesses, and continually develop and challenge a talented team of network engineers to grow as leaders themselves. With over 2 decades as an IT Professional and manager, Jason brings technical expertise and experienced leadership to any situation. Excellent communication skills and inquisitive approach to problem solving help enhance his contribution to the organization and people he serves. Jason uses past experiences, process efficiencies, and technology tools to enable Acumera’s Support Teams to continually improve, always striving to deliver excellent service. × Phil Stead Phil Stead Vice President, Platform Sales Phil Stead (CISSP, QIR, CISM, ISA) is responsible for leading the expansion of Acumera’s Reliant Platform. This includes the design of secure systems to process payments and meet PCI requirements in store systems, enhancement of the platform to meet emerging requirements, and direct client engagement. He brings over 15 years of experience in the leadership, development, integration and support for retail solutions. Before joining the Acumera team, Phil served as a Partner at Reliant (acquired by Acumera in 2022). Previously, he was Director — Store Systems & Implementation for KWI — a SaaS retail technology solution provider — where he led all front-end Point-Of-Sale development and implementation efforts spanning over 125 different global retail brands. × Richard Newman Richard Newman Chief Strategy Officer Richard Newman brings over 20 years of experience in retail and hospitality applications and infrastructure to his role as Chief Strategy Officer at Acumera. A founder of Reliant, a leading provider of edge computing platforms acquired by Acumera in 2022, Richard is instrumental in shaping the company’s strategic direction. His expertise goes beyond sales and strategy; with a strong technical background in software development, DevOps, security, and large-scale systems infrastructure, Richard plays a key role in driving Acumera’s innovation and growth. × DeWayne Mangan DeWayne Mangan Senior Vice President, Technology Operations DeWayne helps Acumera deliver the Advocate Champion Defender support promise by leading the Infrastructure and Client Support teams. His decades of experience in customer support, telecommunications, and enterprise networking help these teams deliver reliable services and support experiences where the customer always comes first. Prior to joining Acumera, DeWayne held or created practically every role within the Information Technology department during a lengthy career at Concordia University Texas. × Dan Gleeson Dan Gleeson Vice President, Sales Dan is a proven technology-driven sales leader with experience in launching, marketing, and selling industry-leading software and hardware technology. Most recently Dan held the position of Director of North American Sales with Diebold Nixdorf, Inc. leading a new division for the fuel and convenience industry. Prior to that position, Dan spent ten years with Dover Fueling Solutions (formerly Wayne, a GE Energy Business) as Director of Sales, Technology Solutions. × Dirk Heinen Dirk Heinen Senior Vice President, Implementation Dirk delivers executive management for Acumera’s team, providing managed network security and automation services for the payment systems and operations of multi-site businesses. Before founding Acumera, Dirk served as vice president of operations at Wayport and senior vice president of operations for Multimedia Games. × Roberto Chang Roberto Chang Executive Vice President, Operations As EVP of Operations, Roberto oversees the constant optimization of processes and activities, supporting Acumera’s fast-paced growth by developing and implementing efficient operations and cost-effective systems. Roberto has more than 20 years of experience in leadership roles in customer experience, marketing, pricing and product management fields in the telecommunications and financial industries. Roberto received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Economics from Universidad del Pacifico in Lima, Peru and an MBA from the University of Texas at Austin. × Brett Stewart Brett Stewart Chief Technology Officer As Chief Technology Officer at Acumera, Brett oversees the installation and operation of secure, PCI DSS-Compliant networks to thousands of retail locations of Acumera customers. He has been awarded more than 80 patents relating to communications semiconductors, WiFi, and network security. Before founding Acumera, Brett was Founder and Chief Executive Officer at Wayport (provider of WiFi to McDonald’s and Starbucks locations worldwide) and Director of Business Development for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (a global semiconductor company). × William (Bill) Morrow William (Bill) Morrow Chief Executive Officer William (Bill) Morrow, Chairman of the Board of Acumera, focuses on growth through efficient allocation of resources, all targeted at exceeding client expectations. Bill founded and ran several companies in the telecommunications and data-security markets. His last company CSIdentity became the dominant provider of data analytics and security services for the identity theft space prior to being acquired by Experian, PLC. Bill also owns ranches, a small resort and a convenience store in the heart of the Texas Hill Country. ×