Homepage - Start Here - ACUVUE® Brand Contact Lenses Products Considering Contacts? Wear & Care Eye Health Resources Get Contacts Rewards Accessibility control Products Considering Contacts? Wear & Care Eye Health Resources Get Contacts Rewards Get free * contact lenses Your eyes speak for you - let you come through with ACUVUE ® , the brand that makes contact lenses unbeaten in comfort + . Get FREE * Contacts Save on your contact lenses with MyACUVUE ® rewards ‖ When you choose ACUVUE contact lenses, become a MyACUVUE member and get up to $250 ‖ back per year with proof of purchase. Sign Up Find the right ACUVUE contact lenses for your lifestyle Discover lenses that meet the needs of your eyes and your life. Answer a few questions to see our recommendation for the best ACUVUE contact lenses to fit your needs. Take Quiz Something you'd like to focus on? Whether you're new to contacts or a pro, we have resources just for you. How good is your vision? Take online vision test Learn to wear contact lenses See tips and tutorials Save big when you buy ACUVUE Get MyACUVUE ® Rewards Find the right ACUVUE ® contact lenses for your lifestyle We've designed innovative lenses that help reduce the feeling of dry and tired eyes ± , correct astigmatism, and much more. Answer a few questions to see what might work best for you. Take Quiz Our next level contact lens is here. Try it! Designed to help with today’s digitally intense lifestyle, ACUVUE OASYS MAX 1-Day is an unprecedented combination of innovative technologies in one lens. Discover the MAX Difference Get up to $250 || back on your contacts Become a MyACUVUE ® member and get access to exclusive offers and promotions. Join MyACUVUE ® Get started with ACUVUE ® Contact Lenses Try ACUVUE for free * Provide some basic information and get a certificate for a free * trial pair Free * trial Find an eye doctor Use our locator tool to find a doctor who can fit you with ACUVUE contact lenses Search doctors Earn rewards ‖ Become a MyACUVUE ® member and get access to exclusive offers Sign up Love ACUVUE ® or get your money back ^ If you aren't completely satisfied within 90 days, we'll refund you ^ . That's our Comfort Promise. See terms and conditions . See comfort promise Need help with your contacts? Take advantage of how-tos, frequently asked questions and even live chat to help you comfortably wear your lenses all day long. Visit @LensAssist ® Understanding contact lenses Give yourself the background information you need to better understand why contact lenses could be right for you, and how they help correct your vision conditions. The benefits of contact lenses Contact lenses move with your eyes to give you a full field of focused vision, wherever you look. They're great for people who want freedom from glasses and a natural look. Learn More Types of contact lenses Matching you with a pair of contact lenses starts with an eye exam where your doctor will determine your vision needs and consider your lifestyle. Talk to your doctor to make the best choice about the type of contacts you should wear. They're available in Daily Disposable, 2-Week, or Monthly. Always wash hands thoroughly before handling contact lenses. Learn More Vision problems explained Nearsightedness or myopia: Difficulty seeing things that are far away. Farsightedness or hyperopia: Difficulty seeing things clearly close up. Astigmatism: Vision blurring from an irregular cornea or lens. Presbyopia: Difficulty focusing close up that happens as you age. Learn More Wearing contacts 101 Find valuable resources that will answer questions and support your contact lens experience. See how to put on and take off lenses Learn How Get lens care tips See Tips Read frequently asked questions Visit FAQs Get started with ACUVUE ® Contact Lenses Try ACUVUE ® for FREE * Provide some basic information and get a certificate for a FREE * trial pair. FREE * trial Find an eye doctor Use our locator tool to find a doctor who can fit you with ACUVUE ® contact lenses. Search doctors Stay in touch With your consent, we will use your email to send you information about our products and services tailored to your interests. You may withdraw your consent at any time. Please read our Privacy Policy . Required fields are marked with an asterisk * First Name * Last Name * Email * Experience with lenses * Please Select Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Footnotes Always wash hands thoroughly before handling contact lenses. *Free trial contact lenses available only from participating eye care professionals. Exam and fitting fees not included. +ACUVUE ® Brand families of contact lenses with unbeaten in comfort claims: ACUVUE ® OASYS (including daily disposable families), 1-DAY ACUVUE ® MOIST (within the category of hydrogel daily disposable), and ACUVUE ® VITA ® .(1,2,3) JJV Data on File, 2024. Unbeaten in Comfort Claims for the ACUVUE ® OASYS Brand Families of Contact Lenses Using Clinical Trials Posted on ClinicalTrials.gov. (October 31, 2024). JJV Data on File, 2024. Unbeaten in Comfort Claims for the family of ACUVUE ® 1-DAY MOIST Brand Contact Lenses Using Clinical Trials Posted on ClinicalTrials.gov. (October 31, 2024) JJV Data on File, 2024. Unbeaten in Comfort Claims for the family of ACUVUE ® VITA Brand Contact Lenses Using Clinical Trials Posted on ClinicalTrials.gov. (October 31, 2024). ‡The ACUVUE ® OASYS Family was formulated with an internal wetting agent to help maintain a stable tear film and reduce dryness symptoms caused by exposure to digital devices. ‖Reward amount dependent on ACUVUE product and quantity purchased and if you are a new wearer. Must get an eye exam and purchase from participating provider. Original receipt required. Valid thru 12/31/25. Rewards paid in the form of an ACUVUE ® Prepaid Mastercard ® . Use your card everywhere Mastercard is accepted in the U.S. issued by The Bancorp Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to license by Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. Your use of the prepaid card is governed by the Cardholder Agreement, and some fees may apply. This is not a gift card. Please note that prepaid cards are subject to expiration, so pay close attention to the expiration date of the card. ^Available on up to two opened boxes of contacts. Copy of purchase and fitting fee receipt required. Refund by mail within 6 - 8 weeks. Cannot be combined with rebate. For additional terms and conditions and for complete instructions download the claim form . Offer valid until December 31, 2025. Important Information for Contact Lens Wearers: ACUVUE Contact Lenses are available by prescription only for vision correction. An eye care professional will determine whether contact lenses are right for you. Although rare, serious eye problems can develop while wearing contact lenses. To help avoid these problems, follow the wear and replacement schedule and the lens care instructions provided by your eye doctor. Do not wear contact lenses if you have an eye infection, or experience eye discomfort, excessive tearing, vision changes, redness or other eye problems. If one of these conditions occurs, remove the lens and contact your eye doctor immediately. For more information on proper wear, care and safety, talk to your eye care professional, call 1-800-843-2020, or download the Patient Instruction Guides . PP2023AMB5174 v4.0 We support the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on interacting with Healthcare Professionals. Get Contacts Why Choose ACUVUE? Product Quiz Free Trial Find an Eye Doctor Help & Customer Care Contact Us Product Complaint Center Our Comfort Promise FAQs Patient Instruction Guides Sitemap Select Location MyACUVUE ® Login/Sign Up Membership Benefits About About ACUVUE ® For Professionals Careers at J&J Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility Policy Important Safety Information Customize Cookie Settings © Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2025. All rights reserved. This site is published by Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc., which is solely responsible for its content. It is intended for use by residents of the United States. Third-party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their respective owners.