We Put Data to Work | Acxiom Chevron Right Arrow Right Play Plus skip to main content Careers Events Privacy Login Country United Kingdom Germany China Mexico Solutions Products & Services Identity solutions Customer data management Data clean rooms Consumer marketing data Prospecting solutions Data analytics solutions Martech services Salesforce practice Audience data packages Not sure? Talk to us. Learn more about all of the ways Acxiom can help you achieve your marketing goals. Speak to an expert Industries Actionable Intelligence Better customer experiences through the ethical use of data and technology. Speak to an expert Solutions Across the Economy Automotive Healthcare Pharmaceutical Hospitality Financial services Insurance Tech industry Retail Travel & entertainment Telecommunications Results Featured Case Studies Case Study Scott’s Miracle-Gro Achieves 11x Campaign Lift using InfoBase-Powered Audience Modeling Learn more Case Study Heathrow's Digital Transformation Learn more Case Study Acxiom provides up to 75% savings on new client acquisition for Upwork Learn more View all case studies Partners Resources Acxiom Resources Page Resources hub Find resources now Popular Topics Artificial intelligence Customer data Customer data platform Second-party data Third-party data View all topics Digital transformation Identity resolution First-party data Marketing databases Data-driven marketing Marketing strategy Marketing trends Martech modernization People-based marketing Cookieless About Our Company Company overview Leadership Team Locations Corporate citizenship Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Supplier diversity Careers Privacy More From Acxiom News Events Blog Celebrating women A great place to work Acxiom statement on equality Code of ethics Acxiom News News Article Winterberry Group research finds marketing analytics and data infrastructure spend to reach $32BB Learn More External Link What Every C-Suite Executive Needs to Know About Data Clean Rooms Learn more View all news Contact us search 2026 Trends: Discover how brands and consumers feel about the dawn of AI-curated experiences. Download the report We put data to work. Acxiom solves your most difficult challenges — so brands can realize the greatest value from data and technology. Speak with an expert ACquire 2X more conversions of ideal prospects retain 154% more purchases from repeat customers Grow 20% more spend from loyalty members Results you can count on Case Study Auto Manufacturer Drives Increased Conversions and Loyalty Learn more Case Study Heathrow’s Digital Transformation Learn more News Article Mutual of Omaha Elevates Customer Engagement with Acxiom-Designed Intelligence Solution Learn more More case studies Built for reach and precision at scale Acxiom’s leading connected identity and data solutions help brands better identify, engage with, and influence the audiences that drive growth. Unify, clean, and ready your data across the marketing ecosystem to power smarter, personalized customer journeys with Acxiom Real ID TM . Put data to work 1 . 2 T first-party data records managed monthly 2 . 6 B addressable global audience 36 global data services markets 10 K+ unique attributes Maximize your data & technology investments We’re ready to build your data foundation for AI-powered decisioning to help you realize the value of your tech investments. We love to build, connect, and create. Acxiom puts data to work, solving complex challenges for the world’s leading brands and agencies. We help unify, connect, and prepare data for AI-driven marketing and decision-making, maximizing technology investments. As an industry leader for nearly six decades, Acxiom brings a privacy-first approach to serving clients globally. Ready to put data to work? Speak with an expert Featured Resources Page The Mass Martech Modernization Learn more Page CX trends report 2026 The dawn of AI-curated experience is here Downloads The reality behind CDPs & Identity Learn more Subscribe to our newsletter Acxiom is committed to ethical data use. For our privacy policy and options to opt out, click here . If appropriate, we may contact you regarding your interest. What We Do Identity solutions Customer data management Data clean rooms Consumer marketing data Prospecting Solutions Data analytics services Martech services Salesforce practice Audience data packages What We Think Blog Downloads Case Studies About Us Company Our partners Careers News and Media Contact us Diversity, equity, and inclusion © 2025 Acxiom LLC Do Not Sell My Personal Information Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information Texas Consumers: Acxiom is a data broker under Texas law. To conduct business in Texas, a data broker must register with the Texas Secretary of State (Texas SOS). Information about data broker registrants is available on the Texas SOS website at https://www.sos.state.tx.us/index.shtml . To exercise your rights under Texas law, click here: www.acxiom.com/privacy Privacy Site Map Don't miss Acxiom’s take on how connected identity and data are creating a new era of CX Read the Forbes Article