Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know

ADA.gov

U.S. Department of Justice
Civil Rights Division

ADA Information Line
Talk to us at 800-514-0301 | 1-833-610-1264 (TTY)
Monday-Friday

Community Outreach Coordinator
Disability.Outreach@usdoj.gov

Home
Topics
Resources
Law & Regulations
Cases
File a Complaint
Search ADA.gov
Search
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) protects people with disabilities from discrimination.

Disability rights are civil rights. From voting to parking, the ADA is a law that protects people with disabilities in many areas of public life.

New on ADA.gov

Explore the new content we've added to ADA.gov

State and Local Governments: First Steps Toward Complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act Title...

This guide includes suggested steps that ADA Coordinators and others working with state and local governments may want to take as they plan to ensure that their web content and mobile apps comply with the ADA Title II rule on the accessibility of web content and mobile apps.

Webinar: Americans with Disabilities Act Title II Web & Mobile Application Accessibility Rule

This video provides a summary of the ADA Title II rule on web content and mobile app accessibility. The summary is designed to provide introductory information about the rule's requirements.

Help

We're here to help. Get answers to your questions, learn about popular topics, and find resources for more support.

What's on ADA.gov

From answers to common questions to official legal documents, ADA.gov has everything you need to understand your rights and responsibilities under the ADA.

Topics

These overviews are a basic starting point for understanding areas the ADA covers.

Examples:

Service Animals
Parking
Mobility Devices
Resources

Get more detailed guidance on some ADA topics.

Examples:

Fact Sheet: New Rule on the Accessibility of Web Content and Mobile Apps Provided by State and Local Governments
Fact Sheet: New Rule on the Accessibility of Medical Diagnostic Equipment Used by State and Local Governments
Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence, and Disability Discrimination in Hiring
Laws & Regulations

Find legal documents that are enforceable under the ADA in a court of law.

Examples:

State and Local Government Services (Title II)
Public Accommodations (Title III)
ADA Standards for Accessible Design
Service Animals and the ADA

Understand how the ADA defines a service animal and what your rights are under the law.

Topics
Service Animals
Resources
Frequently Asked Questions about Service Animals
ADA Requirements: Service Animals
Laws & Regulations
State and Local Government Services (Title II)
Public Accommodations (Title III)
Topics

Information for people with disabilities, state and local governments, and businesses

Introduction to the ADA

How the ADA is structured, and how it protects the rights of people with disabilities

Learn more
Service Animals

The definition of a service animal, where they can go, and how they assist people with disabilities

Learn more
Parking

Find out how the ADA requires businesses, non-profits, and state/local governments to provide accessible parking spaces.

Learn more
Effective Communication

People with certain disabilities might communicate in different ways.

Learn more
How to Report a Disability Rights Violation

If you believe that you or someone else experienced unlawful discrimination, you can report a disability rights violation.

1
Report using our online form.

By completing the online form, you can provide the details we need to understand what happened. You will receive a confirmation number and your report is immediately sent to our staff for review.

2
We review your report.

Teams that specialize in handling your type of issue will review it. If it needs to be forwarded to another team or agency, we will try to connect your complaint to the right group.

3
We determine next steps and get back to you.

Possible outcomes include: following up for more information, starting a mediation or investigation, directing you to another organization for further help, or informing you that we cannot help.

Think you or someone you know has experienced a disability rights violation?
File a complaint
Subscribe to our newsletter for ADA updates
Sign Up

ADA.gov

U.S. Department of Justice
Civil Rights Division

Contact

U.S. Department of Justice

Civil Rights Division

Disability Rights Section

950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW

Washington, D.C. 20530-0001

ADA INFORMATION LINE

800-514-0301

1-833-610-1264 (TTY)

Links
ABOUT THE DIVISION
ARCHIVE.ADA.GOV
FILE A COMPLAINT
PRIVACY POLICY
FOIA
ACCESSIBILITY
JUSTICE.GOV
JUSTICE.GOV/CRT
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL
BUDGET AND PERFORMANCE
LEGAL POLICIES AND DISCLAIMERS
USA.GOV
SIGN UP FOR E-MAIL UPDATES
Image attribution

Adobe Stock

Disabled And Here photo collection

Give Us Feedback