Adacado DIY Advertising | Do It Yourself Digital Advertising the product pricing support explore new freemium ads quick start QuickImage© blog product releases about us careers what we do/FAQs the DIY manifesto creative solutions templates static/dynamic creative editor Start advertising Menu the product pricing support explore new freemium ads quick start QuickImage© blog product releases about us careers what we do/FAQs the DIY manifesto creative solutions templates static/dynamic creative editor Adacado Home Precision Advertising Across All Channels Promote your business across multiple channels quickly and affordably. Create, manage, and scale your ad campaigns effortlessly with Adacado’s advanced self-serve platform. Start building freemium ads TRUSTED BY COMPANIES ALL OVER THE WORLD Adacado helps businesses advertise more efficiently Advertising just got easier. Start with Adacado Freemium Ads to see if Adacado is right for you. Build and publish ads for free in 5 easy steps . Once you’re satisfied, do even more with paid Adacado ads, and see the results you have been waiting for. Start building freemium ads A seamless experience made for you There’s just 4 easy steps to launching your 1st advertising campaign (or 2nd, or 3rd, or 497th). Set up your advertiser An advertiser is the business or brand you are advertising. Input your advertiser information, and move on to the next step. Choose your campaign solution Save time by selecting a pre-configured campaign solution. Choose from a wide range of solutions and pick one that matches your advertising goals. Upload your logo & images You’ve chosen your solution, now it’s time to make your ads your own. Drag and drop your desired images, update the text and you’re good to go! Go live It’s launch time! Send a preview link so your teammates can see your ads. Once your ads are live, any changes you make will update in real time. Set up your advertiser An advertiser is the business or brand you are advertising. Input your advertiser information, and move on to the next step. Choose your campaign solution Save time by selecting a pre-configured campaign solution. Choose from a wide range of solutions and pick one that matches your advertising goals. Upload your logo & images You’ve chosen your solution, now it’s time to make your ads your own. Drag and drop your desired images, update the text and you’re good to go! Go live It’s launch time! Send a preview link so your teammates can see your ads. Once your ads are live, any changes you make will update in real time. “Adacado’s new DIY platform has provided our teams with significant cost and time savings in creating and running our many DCO campaigns. What used to take days to set up, we can now do in minutes” ~ David DeHart Adtaxi “Adacado’s new DIY platform has provided our teams with significant cost and time savings in creating and running our many DCO campaigns. What used to take days to set up, we can now do in minutes” ~ David DeHart Adtaxi Efficiency meets advertising Adacado was built to streamline every aspect of advertising online so you can spend less time building ads, and more time building your business. Start small, dream big. No budget is too small or idea too big. Adacado scales with you, whether you’re a small business, an ad agency, or a Fortune 500. Learn The product Pricing Support Blog What we do/FAQs Product releases Company Signup Contact us About us The DIY manifesto Careers Privacy policy Contact Press – press@adacado.com Investors – investors@adacado.com General – info@adacado.com Support – support@adacado.com Follow Us Copyright 2025. Adacado Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved. We use Cookies because let's face it, we're an advertising company - Cookies are what we do. By clicking Accept, you agree to the use of all Cookies. ACCEPT REJECT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description __cfduid 1 month The cookie is used by cdn services like CloudFare to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. It does not correspond to any user ID in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information. cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement 1 year The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Advertisement". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Cookie Duration Description __cf_bm 30 minutes This cookie is set by CloudFare. The cookie is used to support Cloudfare Bot Management. bcookie 2 years This cookie is set by linkedIn. The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page. lang session This cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website. lidc 1 day This cookie is set by LinkedIn and used for routing. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie Duration Description YSC session This cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description _ga 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. _gid 1 day This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Cookie Duration Description bscookie 2 years This cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags. IDE 1 year 24 days Used by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile. test_cookie 15 minutes This cookie is set by doubleclick.net. The purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE 5 months 27 days This cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie Duration Description _gat_UA-26368737-1 1 minute No description adacadoVisitor 1 year No description adacadoVisitorValidation 1 year No description AnalyticsSyncHistory 1 month No description attribution_user_id 1 year No description chatlio_at--5cf989c4-f202-4a58-5dbf-5420462c6f08 session No description chatlio_rt--5cf989c4-f202-4a58-5dbf-5420462c6f08 session No description chatlio_uuid--5cf989c4-f202-4a58-5dbf-5420462c6f08 session No description CONSENT 16 years 8 months 22 days 7 hours 9 minutes No description untarget 7978 years 8 months 21 days 7 hours 2 minutes No description UserMatchHistory 1 month Linkedin - Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Save & Accept Powered by