Advertising, Marketing, Media and Tech News - Ad Age Media Buying & Planning How media consolidation is shaping the future of ad buying Buyers anticipate tougher negotiations as media consolidation continues. Roundup The best holiday ads of 2025 AI How Google embraced AI-generated ads—a case study for brands Year in Review 2025 Best and worst purpose marketing ads of 2025 Creativity View All View All Work Timothée Chalamet stands atop Las Vegas Sphere for ‘Marty Supreme’ stunt The Sphere becomes a giant Ping-Pong ball in A24 and Cash App’s activation ahead of Thursday’s premiere. Work Secret Level’s two holiday projects show how far AI has come in a year Roundup 12 creative campaigns to know about today Featured Category Food & Beverage 5 types of nano-creators that should be on every food marketer’s roster Smaller creators do well locally and have highly engaged followings. Image Publishing Partner Monks Publishing Partner: Monks Category Studio 30 The real conversation about AI is moving to the new CES Foundry As brands replace novelty with discernment, here’s how you can use AI effectively in 2026. Image Category Accounts in Review Kenvue selects Publicis and WPP after global creative and media agency review Tylenol maker Kenvue has selected Publicis Groupe and WPP as the winners of its global creative and media agency review. Image Creative Agencies Droga5 names its first chief creative experience officer Top 5 The top 5 creative campaigns to know about right now AI How Gap’s AI chatbot broke character—what brands can learn from the high-tech retail assistant Encyclopedia of Marketing View All Advertising and marketing words explained From agency of record (AOR) to media mix modeling (MMM) to zero-click search, the ever-expanding Ad Age Encyclopedia of Marketing is here to help you decode key industry terms and jargon. Cross-platform measurement Answer engine optimization (AEO) Closed reviews in advertising Procurement in advertising AI Marketing Playbook View All 10 questions to test your AI advertising readiness MCP, AdCP, large language models, chatbots—test your knowledge of the latest trends in AI and advertising. How agencies are using AI to win over prominent brands Inside the rise of AI strategists—and how they’re reshaping marketing AI commerce is coming—how retail brands can prepare now Brand Report View All Ad Age Brand Report 2025—ranking the biggest marketing spenders Explore Ad Age’s Brand Report—the biggest companies, ranked by total marketing spend (including advertising, promotion and marketing services) across the U.S. and worldwide. All Access Ad Age Brand Report 2025—the 200 most-advertised brands in the US, ranked All Access Ad Age Brand Report 2025—rankings of 50 biggest advertisers in the US and world Ad Age Brand Report 2025—biggest advertisers in the US and world All Access Exclusives View All Tracking ad agency account reviews—the latest on brand creative, media and more From the consultants leading them to the incumbents, everything you need to know. Talent crisis playbook for brands—from vetting to recovery Ad Age Brand Report 2025—ranking the biggest marketing spenders Future of Advertising 2030—predictions and tools to guide you Opinion View All The year brands learned what AI really thinks A year in review from inside the answer economy. Image AI is limitless—that’s why it’s so bad at art With no human limitations to overcome, AI art becomes devoid of meaning. Image How HBCU culture sets the trends brands chase on social media Before trends hit the feed, they hit the yard. Image Sponsored Publishing Partner Roundel Publishing Partner: Roundel Curation over clutter: How storytelling wins in retail media Image Ad Age Podcasts View All Laid off from an agency? What to do now and next Actionable guidance for agency professionals navigating layoffs, from first‑48‑hour steps and severance negotiation to smart networking, timing LinkedIn posts and targeting roles. How evidence-based marketing works—and why Byron Sharp says reach matters more than loyalty tactics How to win Ad Age Marketer of the Year How to improve client-agency relationships—a former IPG exec and BMW CMO share what both sides must do Publishing Partner: Octagon From insight to impact: How Octagon helps brands win in the sports and entertainment economy Gen Z Marketing Resources Gen Z career advice—should I join a small agency or a holding company? Pereira O’Dell’s Mona Munayyer Gonzalez shares career advice for Gen Z ad pros—on choosing between big and small agencies and whether grad school is worth it. Brand Marketing 20 brands catching Gen Z’s attention right now Influencers & Creators Gen Z marketing glossary Brand Marketing 24 Gen Zers to watch in marketing and advertising Footer Crain Communications Privacy Policy Privacy Request Terms and Conditions About Us Reprints Contact Us Ad Choices Careers at Crain Advertise Follow us on: Return to homepage Copyright © 2025. Crain Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved.