Skip to main content
News and Events
ADB Institute
Contact
English
Solving Complex
Challenges Together
WHO WE ARE
WHAT WE DO
WHERE WE WORK
WORK WITH US
Solving Complex Challenges Together

ADB is committed to inclusive, resilient, and sustainable growth through strategic partnerships and bold action—helping transform lives and economies across Asia and the Pacific.

LEARN MORE
TRANSPORT
Tonga’s Revamped Wharf: An Economic Lifeline
ECONOMICS
ADB Upgrades Asia and Pacific’s Growth Outlook
PARTNERSHIPS
ADB's Partnership with Thailand
In Focus
News and Events
Asia and the Pacific Lifts 2.7 Billion People From Water Insecurity, but Ecosystem Decline Threatens Progress
More than 60% of Asia and the Pacific’s population—about 2.7 billion people—has been lifted from extreme water insecurity over the past 12 years, but these hard-won gains are threatened by accelerating environmental decline and a major financing gap, according to a new ADB report.

At ADB’s International Anticorruption Day Celebration, I underscored a core message: corruption is a tax on the poor that steals the future. It diverts resources meant to build schools, pave roads, and protect the vulnerable.

Read the full speech

Our IT Delivery and Resiliency Center in Spain is an important step in ADB’s transformation into a digital-first institution.

This center will strengthen our cybersecurity, enhance operational resilience, and enable faster, more agile, data-driven operations that better serve the poor and vulnerable people at the heart of our mission.

Read the news release

Qatar and ADB are building something new together—a partnership that unlocks development finance for communities across Asia and the Pacific. Together, we can support innovative infrastructure and sectors that are often underfunded.

Read the news release

With ADB’s updated energy policy recognizing nuclear power as an alternative to fossil fuels for baseload generation, this agreement ensures that developing member countries choosing this path do so with robust safeguards, strong governance, and a clear commitment to sustainability.

At the 24th Ministerial Conference of the Central Asia Regional Economic Cooperation Program, I emphasized that the foundation of CAREC’s future is through these three key pillars - Financing, Facilitation, and Foundations for the Future.

Read the full speech

ADB has made private sector development our top priority. Since 2022, private sector operations have more than doubled. Looking ahead, we aim to increase private sector financing fourfold to $13 billion annually by 2030.

At the Central Asia Regional Economic Cooperation Business Forum, I highlighted how regional cooperation is essential to make Kyrgyz Republic's vision a reality. With the help of the CAREC Program, CAREC can become a a powerful model for how regional cooperation drives prosperity and resilience.

Read the full speech
ADB President

Masato Kanda is the President of ADB and the Chairperson of ADB’s Board of Directors. He was elected President by ADB’s Board of Governors and assumed office on 24 February 2025.

See profile Follow on 
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES

Subscribe to ADB's Newsletters, Alerts and RSS feeds.

Connect with Us:
Follow us on X (formerly Twitter)
Subscribe to our Youtube Channel
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Flickr
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on LinkedIn
Projects
Browse for ADB projects, project documents, procurement information, and awarded contracts.
‌
Project Documents  |  Tenders
Funds and Resources

ADB offers loans, grants, and technical assistance from Special Funds, Trust Funds, and other sources to help reduce poverty in Asia and the Pacific.

Toggle dropdown
‌
Browse by:  Special Funds  |  Trust Funds  |  Partnership Facilities
Featured

Health for Every Mother, Every Child in Tajikistan

With support from the Asian Development Bank, Tajikistan is upgrading maternal and child health in six rural districts—modern hospitals, high-tech equipment, and trained professionals ensure families get quality care close to home.

Advancing Economies,
Elevating Lives

Learn about ADB activities in member countries and regional offices.

Central and West Asia

East Asia

South Asia

Southeast Asia

The Pacific

Regional and Liaison Offices

Data as Drivers of Change
Data and Statistics

Data and statistical analysis in the Asia and Pacific region contributes to knowledge generation in ADB, helping strengthen its institutional priorities and operational effectiveness in its developing member countries.

PEOPLE

135 million

are living in extreme poverty,
or on $3.00 a day
in 2021 purchasing power parity

Source: Asian Development Bank estimates based on
World Bank's Poverty and Inequality Platform.

PLANET

about 60%

of global greenhouse gas emissions
are from the region

Source: Asian Development Bank. 2025. 2024 Development Effectiveness Review

PROSPERITY

4.7%

GDP growth forecast
for 2025

Source: Asian Development Bank. 2025. Asian Development Outlook July 2025

Publications and Documents
Publications and Documents

Explore our data-rich research, policy analysis, toolkits, guidelines, and other resources on economics and key development topics.

Asian Development Outlook

Analyzes economic and development issues in Asia and the Pacific, including GDP growth rates and inflation forecasts.

Key Indicators for Asia and the Pacific

Data on the economic, financial, social, and environmental situations in the region.

Annual Report

Yearly reviews and analysis of ADB's operations, projects, internal administration, and financial management.

Tracking Impact,
Driving Progress

Outcomes delivered by ADB’s completed operations in 2024.

See the latest ADB scorecard

23.1 million people

benefiting from improved health services, education services,
or social protection

50.2 million tCO2e*

in reduced greenhouse gas emissions annually

*tCO2e = ton of carbon dioxide equivalent

1.1 million jobs

directly generated
Discovering Development
Read the latest blogs

High-quality commentary and insights from development experts.

Small Kids, Big Payoffs: The Hidden Economics of Growing Up Healthy
Expanding Health Coverage and Cutting Costs Through Technology and Smarter Spending
The World Isn’t Flat, but Government Data Is

About ADB

ADB is a leading multilateral development bank supporting inclusive, resilient, and sustainable growth across Asia and the Pacific. Working with its members and partners to solve complex challenges together, ADB harnesses innovative financial tools and strategic partnerships to transform lives, build quality infrastructure, and safeguard our planet. Founded in 1966, ADB is owned by 69 members—50 from the region.

Headquarters

6 ADB Avenue, Mandaluyong City 1550, Metro Manila, Philippines

 +63 2 8632 4444
 +63 2 8636 2444

Browse ADB.org

Business Center
Projects & Tenders
Investor Relations
Data & Research
News & Events
Independent Evaluation

Other ADB Sites

ADB Blogs
Asia Regional Integration Center
Asian Bonds Online
ADB Data Library
Development Asia
ADB Knowledge Events
© 2025 Asian Development Bank.
ADB Contacts
Anticorruption and Integrity
Scams
Cybersecurity
Sitemap
Terms of Use

ADB encourages websites and blogs to link to its web pages.