Download About Premium Help English (US)  Log In
NEW! Block annoying cookie banners

Tired of those frustrating pop-ups about cookies on every website? Start blocking them with Adblock Plus Premium and enjoy a better browsing experience today.

Learn More
Surf the web with no annoying ads
Experience a cleaner, faster web and block annoying ads
Acceptable Ads are allowed by default to support websites (learn more) [1]
Adblock Plus is free and open source (GPLv3+)

By clicking the button below, you agree to our Terms of Use.

GET ADBLOCK PLUS FOR CHROME

Download Adblock Plus for another browser

AS MENTIONED ON:
	
	
	
	
	
Faster, More Enjoyable Browsing

Block ads that interrupt your browsing experience. Say goodbye to video ads, pop-ups, flashing banners and more. Blocking these annoyances means pages load faster.

Keep Your Data And Devices Safe

With Adblock Plus avoiding tracking and malware is easy. Blocking intrusive ads reduces the risk of "malvertising" infections. Blocking tracking stops companies following your online activity.

Not All Ads Are Bad

Websites need money to stay free. Support them by allowing Acceptable Ads (enabled by default). Want to hide all ads? No problem. Learn how

Want to block ads and disable tracking on mobile devices?
Adblock Browser App

From the team behind Adblock Plus, the most popular ad blocker for desktop browsers, Adblock Browser is now available for your Android devices.

[1] The following rules have and always will apply to everyone, without exception:
Participants cannot pay to avoid the criteria. Every ad must comply.
We listen to our users. If an Acceptable Ads proposal is flagged by our community for a legitimate reason, we will remove it from the whitelist.
We are able to keep our open source product free by charging large entities a fee for allowlisting services. For smaller partners, these services are offered free of charge.
DOWNLOAD
Adblock Plus for Chrome
Adblock Plus for Firefox
Adblock Plus for Safari
Adblock Plus for Opera
Adblock Plus for Edge
Adblock Browser for Android
RESOURCES
Acceptable Ads
Documentation
For admins
Report an issue
Privacy FAQ
Writing Adblock Plus filters
COMMUNITY
Contribute
Announcements
Blog
DEVELOPMENT
Source Code
Tools
Careers at eyeo GmbH
Partner Integrations
FOLLOW US ON 

Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Adblock Plus® is a registered trademark of Ad-IP GmbH & Co. KG.

Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Imprint

We use some cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By using our site you are aware that we are using cookies and you can change this any time. Learn more

Ok, got it
Settings   