Adblock Plus | The world's #1 free ad blocker Download About Premium Help English (US) Deutsch (DE) English (US) Español (España) (ES) Français (FR) Italiano (IT) Nederlands (NL) Português (Brasil) (BR) Русский (RU) 中文(简体) (CN) NEW! Block annoying cookie banners Tired of those frustrating pop-ups about cookies on every website? Start blocking them with Adblock Plus Premium and enjoy a better browsing experience today. Learn More Surf the web with no annoying ads Experience a cleaner, faster web and block annoying ads Acceptable Ads are allowed by default to support websites ( learn more ) [ 1 ] Adblock Plus is free and open source ( GPLv3+ ) By clicking the button below, you agree to our Terms of Use . Install Download Adblock Plus for another browser Block ads with Adblock Plus for Safari on iOS Block annoying ads Save data and battery life Block malware, tracking and more Works exclusively for Safari View all our ad blocking products Get Adblock Browser The best ad-blocking browser for Android Block annoying ads Block tracking Avoid malware View all our ad blocking products Block ads with Adblock Plus for Samsung Internet Designed specifically for Samsung Internet Block annoying ads Block tracking Avoid malware View all our ad blocking products As Mentioned On: (Links open in a new window) Faster, More Enjoyable Browsing Block ads that interrupt your browsing experience. Say goodbye to video ads, pop-ups, flashing banners and more. Blocking these annoyances means pages load faster. Keep Your Data And Devices Safe With Adblock Plus avoiding tracking and malware is easy. Blocking intrusive ads reduces the risk of "malvertising" infections. Blocking tracking stops companies following your online activity. Not All Ads Are Bad Websites need money to stay free. Support them by allowing Acceptable Ads (enabled by default). Want to hide all ads? No problem. Learn how Want to block ads and disable tracking on mobile devices? Adblock Browser App From the team behind Adblock Plus, the most popular ad blocker for desktop browsers, Adblock Browser is now available for your Android devices. What is Adblock Plus? Adblock Plus is a free extension that allows you to customize and control your web experience. Block annoying ads, disable tracking, block sites known to spread malware and lots more. Available for all major desktop browsers and mobile devices. Adblock Plus is an open source project licensed under GPLv3 and subject to its Terms of Use . [1] The following rules have and always will apply to everyone, without exception: Participants cannot pay to avoid the criteria . Every ad must comply. For transparency, we add all Acceptable Ads to our forum so that our community of users can provide feedback. We listen to our users. If an Acceptable Ads proposal is flagged by our community for a legitimate reason, we will remove it from the whitelist. We are able to keep our open source product free by charging large entities a fee for whitelisting services. For the other roughly 90 percent of our partners, these services are offered free of charge. Download Adblock Plus for Chrome Adblock Plus for Firefox Adblock Plus for Safari Adblock Plus for Opera Adblock Plus for Edge Adblock Browser for Android Resources Acceptable Ads Documentation For admins Report an issue Privacy FAQ Writing Adblock Plus filters Community Contribute Announcements Blog Forum Development Source Code Tools Careers at Adblock Inc Careers at eyeo GmbH Partner Integrations Follow us on Copyright © 2023 All rights reserved. Adblock Plus ® is a registered trademark of eyeo GmbH . Terms of use Privacy Policy Imprint Cookie notice We use some cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By using our site you are aware that we are using cookies and you can change this any time. Learn more Ok, got it Settings Settings icon Necessary cookies Used to remember your privacy preferences. They cannot be switched off. Tracking cookies We use these to analyze website traffic. Save preferences Cookie preferences Close icon We use some cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Read more Ok, got it Change settings Cookie preferences Close icon We use some cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By using our site you are aware that we are using cookies and you can change this any time. Learn more Necessary cookies Used to remember your privacy preferences. They cannot be switched off. Tracking cookies We use these to analyze website traffic. Save preferences