Slice - You browse. We pay. Slice Extension New Tab FAQ You browse. We pay. Take back what belongs to you - monetize your browser, get paid for ads, cash in with Slice. Add to Chrome - It's free 4.6/5 Excellent How it works Slice offers the most effortless path to personal monetization in the history of the Internet. And money. 1. One-click install It doesn't get any easier. One click to start earning money. No annoying sign-ups, no hassle. 2. Browse as always Slice adds low-key ads into the websites you visit and you get paid for every view! 3. Get paid See your earnings grow in real-time with instant, easy withdrawals - whenever you want. Let's talk numbers $5 Avg. monthly rewards 750K+ Happy users 3h Your daily avg. of unpaid browsing time Features Hot from the oven, your Slice is ready. We make it easy to claim your fair share of the $455 billion digital advertising pie. Easy payouts PayPal, Bitcoin Lightning, Giftcards. Actual useful graphs Get a grasp on your earnings. What you say about us Alex Tutorials Chrome I've been using this extension for a good 3 months now and i can say that this extension is amazing. Last week i withdrew $7 using it 3 months which yes it doesn't seem a whole lot BUT this extension is in Beta and when it gets released to the public and it's out of Beta and it's mostly finalized, it will be way better with more earnings. Miller Belitz Chrome im so glad to have the opportunity to be paid for really doing nothing. Sure it may not be much now but over time this will be an excellent source of extra cash. Chris Armistead Chrome Daily you get served with ads but get nothing out of it. But now with this amazing browser add-on I am finally getting something out of all those ads and banners taking up my screen real estate. TypicalxJudan Chrome Slice is the best and the only extension I've found to earn money while watching Ads. Its so creative how they came up with this, and an even better way to help people earn money doing nothing but browse. I recommend this extension to anyone who's looking to earn a little extra cash. I'm very much looking forward to my first payout as I've received over 500 Slices/$0.50 in under a month! Oliwier Jaszczyszyn Chrome The idea of this browser plugin is awesome. Literally, you earn for doing your usual internet tasks. The best thing is that works flawlessly with my ad & tracker blocker. I rarely post reviews at all, but that extension deserved the 5 stars. Ads are shown in a non-disturbing way, which is a big advantage. Didn't request a payout so far (because I hadn't my account for a consecutive month), yet the money I've made so far by just viewing ads looks promising. Brittney K Chrome I think this is a good opportunity to finally get something in return on the viewer side for ads, you're able to make money while doing what you always did, while you browse the web. I've been using it and enjoy it myself. Most ads you don't even notice they are there since they don't take up a lot of space and it works with your existing ad blocker. I would recommend this. View more Frequently asked questions What is Slice? How does Slice work? How do I start earning cash? How do I payout? How much cash can I expect to make? Start getting paid Take back what belongs to you and monetize your browser. Add to Chrome - It's free Stop watching ads for free. Future you will be forever grateful. Slice Blog New Tab FAQ About us Transparency Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Creator Terms Support Contact us Copyright © 2025 Slice