Adelaide University is now open!

For all information related to the new Adelaide University — including study applications for 2026, details for commencing and current students, and Graduate Research — please visit adelaideuni.edu.au.

The information on this website applies to services of the University of Adelaide as of 19th December 2025 including for students completing their studies and graduating with the University of Adelaide during the period 19th December 2025 up until 31st March 2026.

Current Students
 
Staff
 
Alumni
 
Quicklinks
STUDY AT ADELAIDE
 
RESEARCH & INNOVATION
 
ENGAGE
 
ABOUT THE UNI
Take advantage of our range of scholarship opportunities

Receive up to 30% off your degree

Find out more
Scholarships
Employability
Find your degree

Search for undergraduate, postgraduate coursework and postgraduate research degrees, subjects and careers.

Search
Browse our degrees
Why choose Adelaide
Ranked in top 100 of universities worldwide

Source: 2025 QS World University Rankings

Member of the Group of Eight
#1 in SA for Graduate Employability

Source: QS Graduate Employability Ranking

Located in the heart of the city of Adelaide
Study at Adelaide

Follow your passion and start the journey to fulfill your greatest ambitions. Graduate with deep knowledge, global perspective and career-ready, real-world skills. Make your own history. Study with us in 2024.

How to apply
Scholarships
Life in Adelaide
Research at Adelaide

Our researchers’ relentless pursuit of new knowledge underpins our every achievement. We’re constantly searching for a better way, a more effective solution, and a deeper understanding—to strengthen our community and enhance our world.

Research at Adelaide
Research Tuesdays
The Discovery Pod: Podcast Series
Engage

There are many ways you can engage with us and our world-class educational and research activities. Collaborate to overcome a challenge. Apply our research to spark your innovation. Or give a financial gift to open more doors for the next generation.

Give to Adelaide
Become a volunteer
Supporting our communities
News

11

DEC

Children with cognitive disabilities missing in NDIS data

10

DEC

Distinguished recognition for outstanding alumni

10

DEC

Glazed facades heating up outdoor environments

more...
Events

9

NOV

ImmigrAction: A visual journey of migration and health

10

DEC

Summer School Holiday Program

12

DEC

Final Architecture and Landscape exhibition

more...

We acknowledge the Kaurna people, the original custodians of the Adelaide Plains and the land on which the University of Adelaide's campuses at North Terrace, Waite and Roseworthy are built.

Information about
The University
Campuses & Maps
Degrees & Courses
Working at Adelaide
Giving to Adelaide
Safer Campus Community
University Contacts
Information for
Future Students
International Students
Current Students
Current Staff
Future Staff
Alumni
Business & Community

The University of Adelaide
Adelaide, South Australia
5005 Australia

Australian University Provider Number PRV12105
CRICOS Provider Number 00123M

Disclaimer | Copyright | Privacy Policy
Authorised by: Chief Marketing Officer, Marketing
Maintained by: Marketing
Last updated: 8 Apr 2025

The University of Adelaide uses cookies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalised or targeted content, to analyse our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from. The University of Adelaide may share personal information collected by cookies with its third party service providers and Adelaide University (as University of Adelaide’s future successor). For more information please read our privacy statement. By browsing our website, you consent to our use of cookies.

Accept and continue