Block Annoying Ads & Pop-Ups - AdGone Ad Blocker How It Works Benefits Testimonials Pricing FAQs Support Menu Block Annoying Ads & Pop-Ups Tired of pesky ads ruining your browsing experience? Block banners, pop-ups, video, and social media ads, with the AdGone ad blocker extension. Try it free for 7 days, and claim your browsing freedom! Add AdGone to Chrome The Ultimate Shield Against Ads. Say Goodbye To Interruptions! Experience a seamless, uninterrupted browsing experience with AdGone's advanced ad-blocking technology. AdGone detects ads before they are loaded on the page, automatically blocking all types of pesky ads, even those that slip through other blockers. Just sit back and enjoy the content you love without any interruptions! Why You'll Love AdGone - The Fast, Secure, and Effective Ad-Blocker! Block Annoying & Disruptive Ads Automatically block banners, pop-ups, video, and social media ads. Speed Up Your Internet Experience Block resource-intensive ads and pop-ups that slow down page load times. Keep Your Browsing Activity Private Prevent online trackers and advertisers from collecting your data and browsing activity. Here's What Customers Are Saying Janenne Johnston This is one of the best services that I always keep coming back to, we never remember how bad it is until we are without it for a few minutes. WOW, what a difference it makes. Love it!!! Stacy Miller YouTube is so much more enjoyable not seeing ads every time you click on a video. Thank you AdGone! Nancy Boleen I have not been able to stand the ads even when trying to read a news artical. Now, with ad blocker it has been wonderful. Sandra Ebert I was so tired of ads on any website I open on the chrome browser, by installing it I could enjoy my browsing with no annoying Ads. I hate Ads. Thanks Irene I can read content on Yahoo and watch my favorite YouTube videos without the annoying pop-up ads blocking the videos or what I'm reading. I just subscribed and like the results. Thank you! Carl Jacobs I'm so tired of being followed on the internet by ads. I'm glad I finally found something to get rid of them. Charles Davis Pages are noticably faster and this ad blocker doesn't leave random boxes everywhere from the ads it removes. Two thumbs up from me. Rosemarie Lamont Very happy and relieved, so many ads are now gone gone gone! Dan Chapman It was so difficult to read news articles without this extension. I couldn't finish reading a sentence before it was at least partially blocked by an ad. This really works! Ricky Rivera Very nice not to be disrupted by ads while i am watching something... Thank You!! like this a lot! Jacques A. I have been using the trial version and all I can say is that this has been a big big relief for me. All the ads VANISHED from my screen. I will definitely purchase this product when the trial period ends... Alma Perez I did not realize just how annoying the ads were until I tried ADGONE....this is a great tool!!!!! T.Humphery If you love YouTube, like I do, and tired of seeing those annoying ads this is the prefect solution to your problems!!!! Jem R. Nice to not be bothered all day with nuisance ads...Thanks! Discover the Secret to a Better Browsing Experience. Unlock Your Ad-Blocking Benefits Today! Frequently Asked Questions Are you tired of being constantly interrupted by annoying ads while browsing the internet? Do you want a faster, safer, and more private online experience? AdGone can help! Our ad blocker extension is designed to eliminate intrusive ads, pop-ups, and online trackers that compromise your privacy and slow down your browsing speed. With advanced features that set us apart from the competition, our AdGone is built to meet the demands of even the most discerning users. Wondering how we differ from other ad blockers on the market? Curious about our refund policy or how to request a refund? Our FAQ section has answers to all your questions. Try AdGone today and say goodbye to annoying ads for good! What is an ad blocker, why do you need one? Did you know that internet users are exposed to an average of 4,000 to 10,000 ads per day? It's no wonder that so many of us are seeking ways to reduce the amount of advertising we encounter online. That's where an ad blocker comes in - this useful tool blocks unwanted ads from appearing on websites, providing a more pleasant and streamlined browsing experience. How is AdGone different from other ad blockers? Our product is one of the most effective ad blockers on the market, with advanced features that go beyond simple ad blocking. We use advanced algorithms to block even the most complex and resource-intensive ads, even those that slip through other ad blockers. AdGone is also optimized to block all types of ads, including pop-ups, banners, and video ads, providing you with maximum speed and efficiency. It is a small worthwhile investment for those who want to have a more pleasant and secure browsing experience! How does AdGone work? Our product works by blocking ads and preventing online trackers from collecting your data. We use advanced algorithms to analyze web pages and identify ads, pop-ups, and other unwanted content. Our extension then blocks this content, allowing you to browse the web faster. Why do I see a charge from AdGone? If you noticed a charge from AdGone.org on your account, that's because you've subscribed to one of our amazing plans, or your trial has ended and you've been charged for the full subscription. AdGone is a premium ad blocker that keeps annoying ads at bay and protects you from online ad threats and trackers. We'd love for you to keep your subscription and continue enjoying a safer and smoother browsing experience. But, we understand that things may not always work out as planned. If you're not entirely satisfied with AdGone, please don't hesitate to reach out to our support team for a refund. We're here to help you out! Instead of going for a chargeback with your bank, which can be a lengthy and complicated process, please get in touch with us directly through our Request a Refund page. We'll take care of everything and ensure you have a hassle-free experience. What's your refund policy? We offer a 30-day money-back guarantee, so if you're not satisfied with our product, you can request a refund within 30 days of your purchase. How do I request a refund? If you want to request a refund, simply contact our customer support team via our request a refund page, and we'll take care of the rest. How do I contact customer support? We are always interested in hearing your feedback! Currently, the best way to reach our team is by visiting our Support page. Are you sure you want to cancel? Click the blue button below to add the AdGone Chrome extension to block ads & trackers. Cancel Anyway ADD TO CHROME Copyright © 2025 - AdGone Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information | Refund Policy | FAQs | Support