Products
For Windows
For Mac
For Android
For Android TV
For iOS
For browsers
For Linux
Official site
For Windows
For Mac
For Android
For Android TV
For iOS
For browsers
For routers
For Linux
All products
Blog
Official site
Dashboard
Public DNS
Enterprise DNS
Knowledge base
Blog
AdGuard Home
AdGuard Pro for iOS
AdGuard Content Blocker
AdGuard Mini for Mac
AdGuard Assistant
AdGuard Mail
AdGuard Temp Mail
AdGuard Wallet
All products
Blog
Support
Partners
Purchase
EN
Log in
Holiday season at AdGuard: up to 40% off
Our resolution this year — keep ads away from you
Grab the deal
19,876 user reviews
Excellent!
Surf the Web ad-free and safely. Shields up!
Blocks all kinds of ads
Removes annoying web elements
Saves traffic and speeds up page loading
Works for browsers and apps
Maintains site functionality and appearance
Download
Watch video
Windows
Mac
Android
iOS
Other products
19,876 user reviews
Excellent!
AdGuard for Mac
AdGuard for Mac is a unique ad blocker designed with macOS in mind. In addition to protecting you from annoying ads in browsers and apps, it shields you from tracking, phishing, and fraud.
Download
Read more
AdGuard for Mac v2.18, 14-day trial period
Ad blocking
AdGuard Ad Blocker wipes out annoying banners, pop-ups, and video ads
Privacy protection
AdGuard Ad Blocker shields your data from web analytics and online trackers
Browsing security
AdGuard Ad Blocker protects against phishing and malicious sites
Parental control
AdGuard Ad Blocker shields children from inappropriate and adult content
Try AdGuard — it will exceed your expectations
Join the 160 million users who are protecting their privacy with AdGuard products!
Download
Total app rating 4.7/5
More than 19,000 app reviews! We love our users and they love us back
19,876 user reviews
Excellent!

Suwot
been using for as long as I have access to internet, great extension

Neha Official
im using this extension for huge time and still block ads on youtube , its like using premium yt but comnpletly free 0 ads after i add this extension . Highly recommended!

RB
It's a really good one

Adnan Balroo
Best among all but chrome being chrome hinders the full potential of extension by limiting filters.

Guillermo Rodrigues do Tanque
The Best and FREE!! Install yours NOW or get headache with others.

Sl0ccy
Well worth the lifetime subscription. I particularly like their feature to install a dns profile for you for any provider, with exceptions you specify, that appears to auto update. This takes care of something I would otherwise have to do manually,1

Write a review
Why AdGuard?
App
Extension
Blocks ads on websites
Removes popups, banners, text ads, and video ads
Yes
Yes
Hides empty spaces after ads
Keeps pages looking good after removing ads
Yes
Partly
Prevents tracking
Doesn’t let websites and companies collect your personal data and use it against you
Yes
Partly
Speeds up page loading
Blocks ads and trackers even before the page loads
Yes
Partly
Works in browsers and apps
Eliminates ads, trackers, and annoyances in all browsers and apps on your device
Yes
No
Offers in-app customer support
Lets you contact our helpful support team directly from the app
Yes
No
FAQ
What’s an ad blocker?
An ad blocker is a program designed to make the Web cleaner and safer and protect your privacy. AdGuard blocks pop-up ads, banners, and video ads — even on YouTube. It removes cookies and tracking requests. It knows what websites are dangerous and ensures you don’t visit any of them.
Why is AdGuard better than other ad blockers?
Most ad blockers are browser extensions that can’t remove all types of ads. If you’re using more than one browser, you’ll need to install an ad-blocking extension for each of them. And if you want to block ads in apps, you just won’t be able to.
AdGuard offers apps for Android, iOS, Windows, and Mac. With them, you can block ads in browsers and apps, prevent websites and companies from tracking you, and protect yourself from phishing and malware. AdGuard also speeds up page loading, allows you to manage DNS servers and web requests, and has in-app support. You can learn more from our comparison table.
How do I install AdGuard?
We have apps for all popular platforms. AdGuard for Windows, Mac, and Android can be downloaded directly from this page. AdGuard for iOS is available on the App Store. Installation shouldn't be a problem, but you can always check the instructions in our Knowledge base.
Does AdGuard Ad Blocker have free versions?
Our full-fledged apps for Windows, Mac, and Android offer you a free trial — that’s how you can discover all the features AdGuard has to offer.
Our apps for Android and iOS also have free versions. They can be helpful as well: the free version of AdGuard for Android can block ads in browsers, and the free version of AdGuard for iOS blocks ads and trackers in Safari. But their functionality is limited: to block ads in apps, control DNS requests, protect yourself from malicious domains, and more, you’ll need a full version.
AdGuard also has completely free browser extensions. To learn more about the difference between the AdGuard extensions and full-fledged apps, check out our comparison table.
Can I use AdGuard Ad Blocker on multiple devices?
Sure! AdGuard supports all popular platforms: Android, iOS, Windows, and Mac. The best way to use AdGuard on multiple devices is to buy a license, download the AdGuard app for the needed platform, and log in to it with your license key or AdGuard account credentials.
Why do I need to buy a license?
You don’t necessarily have to buy a license to use AdGuard. But here are some ideas about how it can make your life better:
A license gives you access to advanced features of AdGuard for Android or iOS: ad blocking in apps, DNS protection, firewall, statistics, app management, and others. It also allows you to use AdGuard for Windows and Mac.
With a license, you can use AdGuard on multiple devices and thus protect your family and friends.
If you like AdGuard, that’s how you can support us.
Can I gift AdGuard Ad Blocker to a friend?
Sure! You can buy a license on a special page and enter the recipient's email — we'll send them a license with a nice gift card. Discounts are applied to gift licenses, too.
Is it safe to use AdGuard?
We’ve been developing privacy-oriented products since 2009 and have more than 160 million users worldwide. We never share your personal information with anyone and only collect strictly necessary data to run our websites and apps. You can read more in our Privacy policy.
Where can I read more about AdGuard?
If you want to know more about how exactly AdGuard products work, what filters are, how to create your own filtering rules, and more, check out our Knowledge base. For industry news, AdGuard releases, and promos, you can visit our blog. And if you’d like, you can watch our explanatory videos on AdGuard’s YouTube channel or follow us on social media.
I like AdGuard. How can I support you?
You can share AdGuard with your friends. Whether you buy more licenses and connect your loved ones to AdGuard, buy a license as a gift, share our posts on social networks, or just advise our products to someone you care about — we’re always glad to show more people how beautiful the safe and ad-free Web is.
You can rate us in app stores and on our website. That’s how we know we’re on the right track.
You can also become our contributor: maybe you’re good at translating, know how to improve our filters or the Knowledge base, or want to become a beta tester? We are grateful to our contributors and reward them in return — with AdGuard licenses and gifts.
Who do I contact if I have questions?
For any questions, you can always contact us at support@adguard.com.
Make your favorite browser ad-free!
Block ads in Chrome with AdGuard
Install
Why it is worth installing AdGuard for Chrome
Remove pop-up ads, banners, and video ads
Protect your personal data from web trackers
Get alerted about malicious and dangerous websites
Speed up page loading by removing unnecessary elements
Latest news
How to make an email without a phone number
DEC 26, 2025
Follow our step-by-step guide to set up a secure and private email address easily, bypassing the need for phone number verification.
What is a honeypot in crypto?
DEC 26, 2025
Wondering what is a honeypot in crypto? Learn how these scams work, how to identify them, and how to protect your investments from crypto fraud.
AdGuard is us… and you: Top contributors 2025
DEC 25, 2025
We’re continuing a small tradition of celebrating the people who help AdGuard be better. Join our contributors program — and next year, it could be you.
Ultimate guide to the 21 best secure, encrypted, and private email services
DEC 23, 2025
Dive deep into the world of encrypted, secure email services of 2026 and find the best fit for your privacy needs
Read more
Subscribe to our news
Be the first to get the latest news about online privacy and ad blocking, AdGuard product releases, upcoming sales, giveaways, and more
Email
Subscribe
I accept the Privacy policy and Terms and conditions of AdGuard websites
AdGuard in the news
Read more
More than 160 million users chose
AdGuard products
They visit all sorts of websites without compromising their privacy
Download
Other AdGuard products
Give a boost to your privacy protection: block ads and trackers, stay anonymous, control your web traffic, or declutter your inbox with AdGuard products
AdGuard VPN
Makes you anonymous and your traffic inconspicuous
AdGuard DNS
Helps control web traffic on all your devices
AdGuard Mail
Hides your email address
System theme
© 2009–2025 Adguard Software Ltd.
Site map