AdGuard — The world’s most advanced ad blocker! Get the best ad-free experience Home Products AdGuard Ad Blocker AdGuard Ad Blocker Blocks ads, trackers, phishing, and web annoyances For Windows For Mac For Android For Android TV For iOS For browsers For Linux AdGuard VPN AdGuard VPN Makes you anonymous and your traffic inconspicuous Official site For Windows For Mac For Android For Android TV For iOS For browsers For routers For Linux All products Blog AdGuard DNS AdGuard DNS A cloud-based DNS service that blocks ads and protects your privacy Official site Dashboard Public DNS Enterprise DNS Knowledge base Blog Other products Other products Other tools for content blocking AdGuard Home AdGuard Pro for iOS AdGuard Content Blocker AdGuard Mini for Mac AdGuard Assistant AdGuard Mail AdGuard Temp Mail AdGuard Wallet All products Blog Support Partners Purchase EN Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Indonesia Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (BR) Português (PT) Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Srpski Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Český Беларуская Русский Українська فارسی 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) 日本語 한국어 Log in EN Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Indonesia Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (BR) Português (PT) Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Srpski Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Český Беларуская Русский Українська فارسی 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) 日本語 한국어 Holiday season at AdGuard: up to 40% off Grab the deal Holiday season at AdGuard: up to 40% off Grab the deal Holiday season at AdGuard: up to 40% off Our resolution this year — keep ads away from you Grab the deal Holiday season at AdGuard: up to 40% off Our resolution this year — keep ads away from you Grab the deal 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! Breathe easy online Find your zen online. AdGuard silences distractions by blocking ads and visual clutter By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement macOS app Windows app Android app iOS app Browser extension Watch video Windows Mac Android iOS 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard for Windows AdGuard for Windows is more than an ad blocker. It is a multipurpose tool that blocks ads, controls access to dangerous sites, speeds up page loading, and protects children from inappropriate content. Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Microsoft Store AdGuard for Windows v7.22, 14-day trial period 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard for Mac AdGuard for Mac is a unique ad blocker designed with macOS in mind. In addition to protecting you from annoying ads in browsers and apps, it shields you from tracking, phishing, and fraud. Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more AdGuard for Mac v2.18, 14-day trial period 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard for Android AdGuard for Android is a perfect solution for Android devices. Unlike most other ad blockers, AdGuard doesn't require root access and provides a wide range of app management options. Scan QR code Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more Scan to download Use any QR-code reader available on your device Close AdGuard for Android v4.12, 14-day trial period 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard for iOS The best iOS ad blocker for iPhone and iPad. AdGuard eliminates all kinds of ads in Safari, protects your privacy, and speeds up page loading. AdGuard for iOS ad-blocking technology ensures the highest quality filtering and allows you to use multiple filters at the same time Scan QR code App Store By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more Scan to download Use any QR-code reader available on your device Close AdGuard for iOS v4.5 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Content Blocker AdGuard Content Blocker eliminates all kinds of ads in mobile browsers that support content-blocking technology — namely, Samsung Internet and Yandex Browser. Its features are limited compared to AdGuard for Android, but it is free, easy to install, and efficient Google Play By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more AdGuard Content Blocker v2.8 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Browser Extension AdGuard is the fastest and most lightweight ad blocking extension that effectively blocks all types of ads on all web pages! Choose AdGuard for the browser you use and get ad-free, fast and safe browsing. Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more Read more AdGuard Browser Extension v5.2 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Assistant A companion browser extension for AdGuard desktop apps . It allows you to block custom items on websites, add websites to allowlist, and send reports directly from your browser Read more AdGuard Assistant v1.4 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Home AdGuard Home is a network-based solution for blocking ads and trackers. Install it once on your router to cover all devices on your home network — no additional client software required. This is especially important for various IoT devices that often pose a threat to your privacy Read more AdGuard Home v0.107 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Pro for iOS AdGuard Pro for iOS comes with all the advanced ad-blocking protection features enabled. It offers the same tools as the paid version of AdGuard for iOS. It excels at blocking ads in Safari and lets you customize DNS settings to tailor your protection. It blocks ads in browsers and apps, protects your kids from inappropriate content, and keeps your personal data safe App Store By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more AdGuard Pro for iOS v4.5 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Mini for Mac Our ad blocker for Safari has successfully risen to the challenge of Apple forcing everyone to use its new SDK. This AdGuard extension aims to bring back high-quality ad blocking to Safari Read more AdGuard Mini for Mac v1.11 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard for Android TV AdGuard for Android TV is the only app that blocks ads, guards your privacy, and acts as a firewall for your Smart TV. Get warnings about web threats, use secure DNS, and benefit from encrypted traffic. Relax and dive into your favorite shows with top-notch security and zero ads! Read more AdGuard for Android TV v4.12, 14-day trial period 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard for Linux AdGuard for Linux is the world’s first system-wide Linux ad blocker. Block ads and trackers at the device level, select from pre-installed filters, or add your own — all through the command-line interface Read more AdGuard for Linux v1.2 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Temp Mail A free temporary email address generator that keeps you anonymous and protects your privacy. No spam in your main inbox! Read more 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard VPN 83 locations worldwide Access to any content Strong encryption No-logging policy Fastest connection 24/7 support Try for free By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard DNS AdGuard DNS is a foolproof way to block Internet ads that does not require installing any applications. It is easy to use, absolutely free, easily set up on any device, and provides you with minimal necessary functions to block ads, counters, malicious websites, and adult content. Read more 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Mail Protect your identity, avoid spam, and keep your inbox secure with our aliases and temporary email addresses. Enjoy our free email forwarding service and apps for all operating systems Use web version Microsoft Store App Store App Store Google Play 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! AdGuard Wallet A secure and private crypto wallet that gives you full control over your assets. Manage multiple wallets and discover thousands of cryptocurrencies to store, send, and swap Read more Ad blocking AdGuard Ad Blocker wipes out annoying banners, pop-ups, and video ads Privacy protection AdGuard Ad Blocker shields your data from web analytics and online trackers Browsing security AdGuard Ad Blocker protects against phishing and malicious sites Parental control AdGuard Ad Blocker shields children from inappropriate and adult content Try AdGuard — it will exceed your expectations Join the 160 million users who are protecting their privacy with AdGuard products! Total app rating 4.7/5 More than 19,000 app reviews! We love our users and they love us back 19,882 19882 user reviews Excellent! Anonymous Favourite VPN and other software that they provide. Suwot been using for as long as I have access to internet, great extension Neha Official im using this extension for huge time and still block ads on youtube , its like using premium yt but comnpletly free 0 ads after i add this extension . Highly recommended! RB It's a really good one Adnan Balroo Best among all but chrome being chrome hinders the full potential of extension by limiting filters. Guillermo Rodrigues do Tanque The Best and FREE!! Install yours NOW or get headache with others. Write a review Why AdGuard? App Extension Blocks ads on websites Removes popups, banners, text ads, and video ads Full-fledged AdGuard app Yes Common ad-blocking extension Yes Hides empty spaces after ads Keeps pages looking good after removing ads Full-fledged AdGuard app Yes Common ad-blocking extension Partly Prevents tracking Doesn’t let websites and companies collect your personal data and use it against you Full-fledged AdGuard app Yes Common ad-blocking extension Partly Speeds up page loading Blocks ads and trackers even before the page loads Full-fledged AdGuard app Yes Common ad-blocking extension Partly Works in browsers and apps Eliminates ads, trackers, and annoyances in all browsers and apps on your device Full-fledged AdGuard app Yes Common ad-blocking extension No Offers in-app customer support Lets you contact our helpful support team directly from the app Full-fledged AdGuard app Yes Common ad-blocking extension No FAQ What’s an ad blocker? An ad blocker is a program designed to make the Web cleaner and safer and protect your privacy. AdGuard blocks pop-up ads, banners, and video ads — even on YouTube. It removes cookies and tracking requests. It knows what websites are dangerous and ensures you don’t visit any of them. Why is AdGuard better than other ad blockers? Most ad blockers are browser extensions that can’t remove all types of ads. If you’re using more than one browser, you’ll need to install an ad-blocking extension for each of them. And if you want to block ads in apps, you just won’t be able to. AdGuard offers apps for Android, iOS, Windows, and Mac. With them, you can block ads in browsers and apps, prevent websites and companies from tracking you, and protect yourself from phishing and malware. AdGuard also speeds up page loading, allows you to manage DNS servers and web requests, and has in-app support. You can learn more from our comparison table . How do I install AdGuard? We have apps for all popular platforms. AdGuard for Windows, Mac, and Android can be downloaded directly from this page. AdGuard for iOS is available on the App Store. Installation shouldn't be a problem, but you can always check the instructions in our Knowledge base . Does AdGuard Ad Blocker have free versions? Our full-fledged apps for Windows, Mac, and Android offer you a free trial — that’s how you can discover all the features AdGuard has to offer. Our apps for Android and iOS also have free versions . They can be helpful as well: the free version of AdGuard for Android can block ads in browsers, and the free version of AdGuard for iOS blocks ads and trackers in Safari. But their functionality is limited: to block ads in apps, control DNS requests, protect yourself from malicious domains, and more, you’ll need a full version. AdGuard also has completely free browser extensions . To learn more about the difference between the AdGuard extensions and full-fledged apps, check out our comparison table . Can I use AdGuard Ad Blocker on multiple devices? Sure! AdGuard supports all popular platforms: Android, iOS, Windows, and Mac. The best way to use AdGuard on multiple devices is to buy a license , download the AdGuard app for the needed platform, and log in to it with your license key or AdGuard account credentials. Why do I need to buy a license? You don’t necessarily have to buy a license to use AdGuard. But here are some ideas about how it can make your life better: A license gives you access to advanced features of AdGuard for Android or iOS: ad blocking in apps, DNS protection, firewall, statistics, app management, and others. It also allows you to use AdGuard for Windows and Mac. With a license, you can use AdGuard on multiple devices and thus protect your family and friends. If you like AdGuard, that’s how you can support us. Can I gift AdGuard Ad Blocker to a friend? Sure! You can buy a license on a special page and enter the recipient's email — we'll send them a license with a nice gift card. Discounts are applied to gift licenses, too. Is it safe to use AdGuard? We’ve been developing privacy-oriented products since 2009 and have more than 160 million users worldwide. We never share your personal information with anyone and only collect strictly necessary data to run our websites and apps. You can read more in our Privacy policy . Where can I read more about AdGuard? If you want to know more about how exactly AdGuard products work, what filters are, how to create your own filtering rules, and more, check out our Knowledge base . For industry news, AdGuard releases, and promos, you can visit our blog . And if you’d like, you can watch our explanatory videos on AdGuard’s YouTube channel or follow us on social media. I like AdGuard. How can I support you? You can share AdGuard with your friends . Whether you buy more licenses and connect your loved ones to AdGuard, buy a license as a gift , share our posts on social networks, or just advise our products to someone you care about — we’re always glad to show more people how beautiful the safe and ad-free Web is. You can rate us in app stores and on our website. That’s how we know we’re on the right track. You can also become our contributor : maybe you’re good at translating, know how to improve our filters or the Knowledge base, or want to become a beta tester? We are grateful to our contributors and reward them in return — with AdGuard licenses and gifts. Who do I contact if I have questions? For any questions, you can always contact us at support@adguard.com . Make your favorite browser ad-free! Block ads in Chrome with AdGuard Block ads in Mozilla Firefox with AdGuard Block ads in Safari with AdGuard Block ads in Edge with AdGuard Block ads in Opera with AdGuard Block ads in Yandex Browser with AdGuard Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Why it is worth installing AdGuard for Chrome Remove pop-up ads, banners, and video ads Protect your personal data from web trackers Get alerted about malicious and dangerous websites Speed up page loading by removing unnecessary elements Why it is worth installing AdGuard for Firefox Block all kinds of ads before they’re loaded: annoying banners, popups, and video ads — even on YouTube! Protect your personal data from online counters and trackers Block phishing and malicious websites Speed up page loading by removing unnecessary elements Why it is worth installing AdGuard for Safari Remove all kinds of ads: banners, text ads, flash animation, pre-rolls, and popups Never let anyone track your online activity Protect yourself from phishing or fraud — get notified about dangerous websites Reduce page loading time by removing all unnecessary elements Why it is worth installing AdGuard for Edge Block banners, text ads, popups, and video ads Block online counters and tracking mechanisms Rest assured that you won’t visit pages that may harm your computer or attempt to trick you Reduce bandwidth usage and boost your web browsing speed Why it is worth installing AdGuard for Opera Block all ads in Opera, including popups, banners, videos, and animated ads Protect your personal data by blocking all known tracking systems Block spyware and adware installers Speed up page loading and save bandwidth by blocking ads Why it is worth installing AdGuard for Yandex Browser Remove banners, popups, and irritating video preloads on YouTube Keep your personal data intact by blocking all known counters and analytics Protect yourself from malicious, phishing, and fraudulent websites Load web pages faster by blocking ads Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Latest news Blockchain security issues Dec 30, 2025 Blockchain security issues include smart contract vulnerabilities, network attacks, and data risks. Learn how to identify blockchain threats. Cars gobbling up your data and showing ads are becoming the new normal. Can it be stopped? Dec 30, 2025 This tech increasingly reveals its darker side: continuous data collection, eroding privacy, and, inevitably, ads delivered straight to the dashboard. Turn Your Tech Passion into Profit: A Deep Dive into the AdGuard Affiliate Program Dec 29, 2025 Discover the best affiliate program for software, privacy tools and ad blockers. Join a top software referral program to boost your earnings. Cyber spies in the bedroom: Is your smart vibrator leaking your private life? Dec 29, 2025 People choose high-tech toys for convenience. But along with pleasure, users may unknowingly yield something far more personal — their privacy Read more AdGuard in the news Read more AdGuard review AdGuard is a robust, widely compatible ad blocker. We recommend it to anyone seeking a good ad-blocking tool. Learn more Hacked websites could be using your computer to mine cryptocurrency According to a recent report from AdGuard, more than 200 of the top 100,000 sites on the web were hosting suspicious code. That may not seem like a big deal, but even sites near the bottom of that list draw a huge amount of traffic. The most popular one on AdGuard's list regularly pulls in around 60 million visits every month. In total, AdGuard discovered cryptocurrency mining code on 220 sites over a three-week period. During that time around 500 million users unknowingly ran that code on their computers. Learn more Bitcoin mining on track to consume all of the world’s energy by 2020 More than half a billion people may be inadvertently mining cryptocurrencies from their computers, smartphones and other devices, according to research conducted earlier this year by ad blocking firm AdGuard. “How much money have these websites made? We estimate their joint profit at over $43,000,” the AdGuard researchers said in an October blogpost that detailed their discovery. At the time, one bitcoin was worth around $5,000. Learn more Billions of video site visitors unwittingly mine cryptocurrency as they watch The video sites Openload, Streamango, Rapidvideo and OnlineVideoConverter are allegedly loading mining software on to visitors’ computers, making them generate tokens for the bitcoin-like cryptocurrency Monero, according to security firm Adguard. “We came across several very popular websites that secretly use the resources of users’ devices for cryptocurrency mining,” said Andrey Meshkov, co-founder of Adguard. “According to SimilarWeb, these four sites register 992m visits monthly.” Learn more Why hackers love cryptocurrency miner coinhive Although the developers aren't saying how much money they've made from their idea, online ad-blocking service AdGuard also found the Coinhive miner on over 30,000 sites and estimates the code generates $150,000 in Monero every month. For Coinhive, which takes a 30 percent cut, that amounts to $540,000 per year. Learn more You could be secretly mining bitcoins without even knowing it Popular video sites including Openload, Streamango, Rapidvideo and OnlineVideoConverter are also allegedly loading mining software on to visitors' computers, according to security firm Adguard. "We came across several very popular websites that secretly use the resources of users’ devices for cryptocurrency mining," said Andrey Meshkov, co-founder of Adguard. "According to SimilarWeb, these four sites register 992m visits monthly." Learn more 4 ad blockers that still work with Chrome AdGuard will flat-out refuse to connect to websites known to be malicious for phishing attacks or spreading malware, and it’s good at collapsing the elements of the page that normally display ads, making formatting much less cluttered. Learn more More than 160 million users chose AdGuard products They visit all sorts of websites without compromising their privacy Other AdGuard products Give a boost to your privacy protection: block ads and trackers, stay anonymous, control your web traffic, or declutter your inbox with AdGuard products AdGuard VPN Makes you anonymous and your traffic inconspicuous AdGuard DNS Helps control web traffic on all your devices AdGuard Mail Hides your email address Downloading AdGuard To install AdGuard, click the file indicated by the arrow Select "Open" and click "OK", then wait for the file to be downloaded. In the opened window, drag the AdGuard icon to the "Applications" folder. Thank you for choosing AdGuard! Select "Open" and click "OK", then wait for the file to be downloaded. In the opened window, click "Install". Thank you for choosing AdGuard! Install AdGuard on your mobile device System theme Light theme Dark theme System theme Light theme Dark theme © 2009–2025 Adguard Software Ltd. Site map Social Media AdGuard Homepage About In the press Media kits Awards Acknowledgements Blog Articles Discuss Support AdGuard AdGuard promo activities Products For Windows For Mac For Android For Android TV For iOS For Linux For browsers Version history Other products AdGuard Pro for iOS AdGuard Mini for Mac AdGuard Assistant AdGuard Content Blocker AdGuard Home AdGuard DNS AdGuard VPN AdGuard Mail AdGuard Temp Mail AdGuard Wallet All products Support Support center Knowledge base Report an issue Check any website AdGuard status AdGuard diagnostics License Purchase license Bind license Recover license Get free license Partner with AdGuard Contribute to AdGuard Licenses for developers AdGuard for schools and colleges Beta testing program Legal documents EULA EULA of AdGuard Temp Mail Privacy policy Privacy policy of AdGuard websites Terms and conditions Terms of sale Data processing agreement AdGuard Homepage About In the press Media kits Awards Acknowledgements Blog Articles Discuss Support AdGuard AdGuard promo activities Products For Windows For Mac For Android For Android TV For iOS For Linux For browsers Version history Other products AdGuard Pro for iOS AdGuard Mini for Mac AdGuard Assistant AdGuard Content Blocker AdGuard Home AdGuard DNS AdGuard VPN AdGuard Mail AdGuard Temp Mail AdGuard Wallet All products Support Support center Knowledge base Report an issue Check any website AdGuard status AdGuard diagnostics License Purchase license Bind license Recover license Get free license Partner with AdGuard Contribute to AdGuard Licenses for developers AdGuard for schools and colleges Beta testing program Legal documents EULA EULA of AdGuard Temp Mail Privacy policy Privacy policy of AdGuard websites Terms and conditions Terms of sale Data processing agreement