Platform

EXPLORE OUR FULL AD PLATFORM AT VENATUS.COM

Direct Sales
Header-Bidding
High-Impact Formats
High-Performance Formats
Video Formats
Publishers
Advertisers
About
Resources
About
About AdinPlay
Careers
Contact
Publisher Contact
Advertiser Contact
en
Available Languages
English
Login
Sign Up
Earn more from your gaming site

AdinPlay helps browser game publishers optimize ad performance and maximize revenue with customized creative across a range of formats from reward video to skins and takeovers.

Monetize your browser game
Advertise on our sites

Trusted monetization partners for top browser game publishers

#1 ad platform for HTML5 gaming publishers

We’re experts in monetizing online games.
Our platform gives gaming publishers the right tools to grow and optimize ad revenue.

Diverse Revenue

Quality supply from premium advertisers through programmatic and direct relationships

Engaging Formats

Easily integrate ads that work best for your game and its users. From display to native & video.

Total Support

Dedicated teams, supporting publishers from onboarding to reporting and beyond

Strong Partnership

Many of our partners have been with us for over 10 years. We pride our selves on long-term success.

Quest unlocked: Adding premium demand
Discover Direct Sales
Introduce your brand
to engaged gamers

Get your brand in front of millions of gamers across the globe with exclusive gaming inventory.

In, around & away from the game

Engage your key audiences across a range of gaming environments

Exclusive gaming opportunities

Access exclusive ad inventory across leading browser game titles such as paper.io, Gartic Phone & skribbl.io

Protect your brand

Run your campaign across a network of high-quality publishers to ensure the ultimate brand safety

Drive positive brand sentiment

Our brand-lift studies show that gaming media makes a positive brand impact

Specialized knowledge backed by powerful tech
AdinPlay has been monetizing browser games for over a decade and in 2023, was acquired by Venatus, a leading AdTech company working in gaming and entertainment. So, monetizing your browser game with AdinPlay means you’ll get the benefit of years of specialized knowledge supported by proprietary AdTech.
See how your video ads could be improved
Ad formats for browser game publishers

With expert ad mediation, publishers can maximize ad yields with highly engaging formats optimized for browser gaming

Video ads

Easily integrate our video player with programmatic and direct demand. A fully unified HTML5 solution for desktop & mobile users

Display banners

Seamlessly include banner ads on your site with premium header-bidding and direct demand

Rewarded video

Ads that offer users a reward in exchange for engagement. Desktop and mobile solutions for browser game publishers

Interstitial ads

Maximize your RPMs between page views and optimize revenue yield for longer session times

Testimonials
What Success Looks Like

We focus on sustainable advertising practices to ensure you see results now and in the future

Through monetization of two of our leading web properties, Futbin and HLTV, Venatus has proven to be a key commercial partner year over year. Venatus has delivered highly effective advertising revenue streams while balancing the needs of our users.

-

Henrik Lykkesteen

|

Better Collective

The Venatus team were incredible to work with from start to post campaign. They had ensured that the brief was met and helped set up the campaign with ease. Overall, our results exceeded planned KPIs and we are looking forward to continuing to work with Venatus for future campaigns.

-

Anny Phan

Business Manager

|

HAVAS

The guys at Venatus helped us with a fantastic campaign promoting our Pokémon DLC across key gaming environments for our ever-important younger audience. Great to see such strong engagement.

-

Calum Brennan

Product Manager

|

Nintendo

Venatus were a great partner to work with. They brought specialists along to our client meetings from the outset which allowed us to refine the concept of the game quickly and then work through the technical build in good time ahead of release.

-

|

Mediacom

Venatus was a great alignment with our film DC League Of Super-Pets, allowing us to find a hard to reach younger audience in an engaging way.  The bespoke creative build over-delivered in all metrics, and we’re very impressed with the results which helped contribute towards delivering a strong box-office result in our market.

-

Cory Hooker

Media and Promotions Manager

|

Universal Pictures NZ

Venatus is one of the few gems out there for publishers who want a real bump to their earnings. Venatus helped me make as much from my website traffic, which has seen my revenue grow 4x compared to revenue with my previous ad platform.

-

Jeiboy Amahan

Web Publisher

|

Pokemon Coders

It was a seamless experience working with Venatus from start to finish. From creative to ad-ops, they helped us deliver a brilliant rich media display campaign that performed well over the industries benchmark.

-

Sam Wallis

Account Director

|

the7stars

Venatus has completely changed my life, allowing me to make my passion my main job. I've been working with Venatus for more than 1 year now, the results are really good, the team is always available for any question/help, I've no choice than recommending to join them.

-

Ben Abdallah

CEO

|

Pokekalos

Venatus was a perfect alignment for the Venom: Let there be Carnage Home Entertainment release. Their bespoke creative turned our media into a battlefield encouraging users to take part in a comic combat and decide on their favourite anti-hero Venom vs Carnage!

-

|

Universal Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

We are delighted to announce the expansion of our relationship with Venatus to drive engagement across some of our fast-growing websites.

-

John Clarke

CEO

|

Gfinity

I’m happy to extend our partnership with Venatus as we have developed a great relationship over the years. Both of us are on a growth journey and we work hard together to deliver a great advertising experience for the many brands that are looking to reach the growing gaming communities across the world.

-

Björn Mannerqvist

CEO

|

MOBA Network

This Venatus sponsorship has allowed Coco Pops to engage with kids of today in the digital space, a first for this brand that traditionally only advertised through kids TV.

-

Brona Reddy

European Marketing Manager

|

Kellogg's

We really enjoyed working with Venatus throughout this great campaign. We were able to connect to the target audience at scale through Venatus's diverse mobile gaming portfolio and deliver a video campaign that far exceeded the benchmarks and expectations set out. We would love to work with them again.

-

Demos Flouri

Digital Account Director

|

MG OMD

Signup now

Get in touch with our expert teams and begin your quest for better ad monetization

Platform
Direct SalesHeader-BiddingHigh-Impact FormatsHigh-Performance FormatsVideo Formats
Publishers
Advertisers
About AdinPlayCareersPrivacy Policy
Contact Us
Publishers ContactAdvertisers ContactLoginSign Up
Copyright © 2025 All RIghts Reserved