You control your data

We and our business partners use technologies, including cookies, to collect information about you for various purposes, including: personalization of content and ads, analyzing our traffic, and providing access to social media features.

By clicking ‘Accept’, you give your consent for all these purposes. You can also choose to specify the purposes you consent to by ticking the checkbox next to the purpose and clicking ‘Save settings’.

You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the small icon at the bottom left corner of the website.

You can read more about how we use cookies and other technologies and how we collect and process personal data by clicking the link.

Read more about cookies


SHOW DETAILS
DECLINE ALL
ACCEPT ALL
Necessary
Functional
Statistical
powered by:
Cookie Information
Skip to content
WE ARE
VIRTUAL MINDS.
EXCELLENCE
IN ADTECH.
MADE IN EUROPE.

INNOVATIVE

AGILE &

OMNICHANNEL

At Virtual Minds everything revolves around our customers’ successful advertising campaigns – innovative, agile and omnichannel. As a European innovator with more than 20 years of ad technology expertise, we offer individual solutions for intelligent, targeted and measurable advertising on all channels and screens for sell side, buy side and hybrid.

GET IN CONTACT
#
LEGAL
CERTAINTY
LEGAL CERTAINTY AT ALL TIMES

In strict compliance with German and European data protection regulations, we offer our customers legal certainty, brand and investment protection. Any time and without compromise.

#
QUALITY
FIRST
CONSTANT QUALITY

We continue to impress our customers and partners with consistently high quality, fast response times and a collaborative approach to working. Day after day. Week after week.

#
CUSTOMER
CENTRICITY
CURRENT MARKET DEVELOPMENT

Our Adtechnology solutions are developed in an agile manner in very close coordination with our customers and synchronized with current market developments.

Yieldlab is the leading supply-side platform (SSP) with innovative technology for yield optimization and programmatic advertising that allows publishers to automatically monetize their media inventory in real time.

MORE ABOUT YIELDLAB

The Adex data management platform (DMP) connects data intelligence, marketplaces and cross-device media solutions with the ability to aggregate, segment and analyze data from diverse sources.

MORE ABOUT THE ADEX

WE

LOVE

ADTECHNOLOGY

We believe in our mission to revolutionize digital marketing with our combined solutions for agencies, advertisers and publishers. When we develop products, we always keep our three core ideas in mind to achieve the best results for our customers.

WE ENABLE...

…unrestricted access to the world of programmatic advertising. Individually tailored to our clients’ needs, we create the most sophisticated approach to a holistic, data-driven marketing environment that surpasses all others.

WE ENSURE...

…results, security and confidentiality for each individual partner and their data based on the highest understanding of accountability. We believe data is the most valuable asset in the digital economy – and we have the skills, know-how and business intelligence to protect it.

WE USE...

…every opportunity that the market and its current developments offer us to provide our customers with the best possible services and technical systems.

CURRENT
JOB OFFERS

We are always on the lookout for creative minds who think outside the box. Are you passionate about digital? Java is like your native language? Is advertising what drives you? Or are you more at home in product management? At Virtual Minds, we have many exciting areas of responsibility.

APPLY NOW

OUR HAPPY

CUSTOMERS

VIRTUAL MINDS

NEWS
11.08.2025
Goodbye Cookie – Hello Future?
14.07.2025
Cookies, clicks, control: who pays for the free internet?
10.06.2025
Safety in advertising: from nice-to-have to game changer
10.12.2025
From data sovereignty to programmatic TV: These trends will drive the industry in 2026
08.10.2025
With WIIT’s OpenStack for a sovereign cloud infrastructure
16.09.2025
Virtual Minds launches ‘Any ID Frequency Capping’ and expands ID spectrum with Utiq
08.09.2025
The 10 most common mistakes in ATV campaigns – and how to avoid them
11.08.2025
Goodbye Cookie – Hello Future?
14.07.2025
Cookies, clicks, control: who pays for the free internet?
10.06.2025
Safety in advertising: from nice-to-have to game changer
10.12.2025
From data sovereignty to programmatic TV: These trends will drive the industry in 2026
08.10.2025
With WIIT’s OpenStack for a sovereign cloud infrastructure
16.09.2025
Virtual Minds launches ‘Any ID Frequency Capping’ and expands ID spectrum with Utiq
MORE ARTICLES
English
Deutsch (German)