EXPLORE PRODUCT SUITES
SOLUTIONS
CONTENT HUB
GET STARTED

Ad Tech Simplified

Adkernel is the leader in hosted (and white-label) ad tech solutions, efficiently powering hundreds of ad networks, DSPs, SSPs and trading desks globally.
Fully Customizable. Fully Yours.
Ad tech is complex. Adkernel's mission is to simplify the complexity of ad tech - hosting, scaling, reporting, automations and integrations- all so you can focus on scaling your business.
With experience and solutions from PPC to programmatic, Adkernel can remove technical roadblocks for new projects or drive efficiency in pricing and future-proofing for existing solutions.
Explore our product suites below, or contact us to discuss your project
White Label DSP —Demand Side Perfection.
A customizable platform for agencies and networks with self-serve advertising capabilities
AdKernel’s DSP Suite is an all-in-one trading desk solution. A feature rich bidder suite made for agencies, networks, and in-house media buyers that need an enterprise level trading desk, with advanced audience, KPI optimization and targeting features.
VIEW PRODUCT PAGE
White Label RTB Exchange Ad Server
A powerful programmatic platform to unify auctions between buyers and sellers.
With support for direct publishers, header bidding (Prebid), video, audio and display, our RTB Suite provides businesses with a modern trading desk to enable programmatic buying and selling of media. Customers love our PMP (Private Marketplace) management and direct advertiser self-serve capabilities to increase their earnings and speed up traditional ad operations tasks.
VIEW PRODUCT PAGE
White Label PPC/Push/Pop Ad-Serving Suite
A contextual ad-server for PPC —Search, Shopping, Native, Push and more.
A leader in the PPC ad exchange space, Adkernel's PPC Suite allows networks, exchanges and advanced traffic buyers to manage the complexities of search, shopping, native and other feed-based partnerships within one interface. Also supports direct publishers and self-serve advertisers.
VIEW PRODUCT PAGE
Additional Products
WHITE LABEL HEADER BIDDING SUITE
Enterprise Level Header Bidding Management Suite for Networks and Publishers. AdKernel provides an effective suite for managing publishers and connecting them to programmatic, tag-based and direct campaigns in a unified admin console with macro features and granular tools to make business work.
WHITE LABEL VIDEO AD SERVER - RTB / Programmatic Video Solution
We’re changing the video ad serving experience. You’re about VIDEO, and we’re about TECH. AdKernel’s Multi Video Platform(MVP) automates and simplifies the entire buying and selling process, giving you full control. Integrating cross-platform video has never been easier. AdKernel MVP is compatible with all major supply and demand channels.

Contact us for demos, pricing or more information.​

Reach out to one of our experts for a free, no obligation consultation.
REQUEST A DEMO