This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Home
Product
About Us
Resources
Log In
Get a Demo

Boltive leads the way again! Introducing the new & improved Boltive Software Suite.

Take Control of Your
Digital Compliance

At Boltive, we help businesses protect their customers’ digital experiences, keeping them safe from bad ads while staying compliant with complex privacy regulations.

See How
Does Your Digital Privacy Team Need Better Tools?

The Boltive Software Suite keeps compliance teams ahead in the rapidly changing world of digital privacy.

See the Solution
Are You A Digital Publisher Facing Ad Security Challenges?


The Boltive Software Suite simplifies and supercharges ad security,  offering clear visibility and better control over your entire digital advertising ecosystem.

Explore Ad Security Solutions

TRUSTED BY

Read the latest thought leadership from the Boltive team.

Our privacy and ad security experts keep you ahead of the curve.

View All Resources
Blogs
New State Privacy Laws Hit in Q1. Here Is What You Need to Know Before 2026
Read More
Blogs
The Cost of Complacency: What the LinkedIn Privacy Lawsuit Means for Every Digital Brand
Read More
Ready to Get a Demo?
Schedule a Time
WHO WE ARE
Boltive is a technology company dedicated to taking the complexity out of digital compliance.

We lead the way in the rapidly evolving world of ad security and data privacy—turning the transformative power of AI into innovative software solutions that keep you ahead.

About Us
Join our newsletter
Submit
By subscribing you agree to our Privacy Policy
Home
Product
About Us
Resources
Careers
Get a Demo
© 2025 Boltive Inc
31390 Viking Parkway, Westlake, Ohio 44145
Privacy Policy