Admaru – A Pioneer In The Asian-American Market and Digital Ad Technology Skip to content About Us Services Digital Marketing Ad Tech – For Publishers Ad Tech – For Advertisers Resources Ad Formats Blog Case Studies Company Contact Us Careers Locations Login Admaru Platform Admaru Media Solution About Us Services Digital Marketing Ad Tech – For Publishers Ad Tech – For Advertisers Resources Ad Formats Blog Case Studies Company Contact Us Careers Locations Login Admaru Platform Admaru Media Solution ADMARU DIGITAL MARKETING Elevate your brand with targeted Asian-American marketing and premium ad spaces globally. Our precision and seamless integration guarantee impactful results across diverse audiences. Experience the synergy of cultural relevance and success – your brand deserves the best. Learn More arrow_forward Seamless Excellence Explore Solutions → ADMARU AD TECH Admaru provides solutions to help publishers increase sales based on our expertise in programmatic advertising as a tech partner. In particular, in the Korean market, Admaru has established itself as a leader in pre-bidding and video advertising, and our platform and product offering are contributing significantly to improving sales for top-tier media customers. Learn More arrow_forward Try Us Now → INNOVATIVE EXCELLENCE PIONEERS IN ASIAN AMERICAN MARKET AND DIGITAL AD TECHNOLOGY As a pioneer in the Asian American market and digital ad technology, Admaru will continue in our mission to serve as a trusted partner for the success of agencies and brands, DSPs, and publishers. Contact Us arrow_forward Get Slider Revolution → Digital Excellence DIGITAL MARKETING SOLUTION LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios DIRECT PREMIUM PUBLISHERS Access exclusive, high-impact placements on premium, culturally relevant Asian-American properties. Connect with your target audience in a brand-safe environment, where cultural roots and interests converge. PROGRAMMATIC - MANAGED Boost your media business with our programmatic advertising managed service. Access capabilities, target audiences, and optimize performance seamlessly. Custom reporting available through connectors to various ad tech platforms. LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios PROGRAMMATIC - PMP/PG For hands-on-keyboard trade desks, access our unique Asian-American targeted inventory programmatically through preferred supply side platforms. Expect continued growth in our programmatic supply in 2024 and beyond. LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios SOCIAL AND CUSTOM CONTENTS Harness our content creator network's unique skill in crafting authentic messages that resonate with your Asian-American audience through storytelling. We'll collaborate with a vetted network of top Asian-American content creators to showcase your brand's appeal effectively. LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios AD TECH SOLUTION ADMARU VIDEO Explore high-yield video products like "Admaru Instream and Outstream". integrating seamlessly for enhanced ad performance. Utilize specialized programmatic techniques to optimize video ad demand, improving viewability and video completion rate. LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios ADMARU PLATFORM Experience a comprehensive digital advertising solution from SSP to ad serving with Admaru. Easily manage powerful video products using our proprietary player, streamline operations for diverse campaigns, and access new revenue opportunities through Admaru SSP and Private Marketplaces. LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios PREBID SOLUTIONS Optimize revenue with Admaru's Prebid solution—an advanced bidding solution enhancing selling prices and transparency. Seamlessly integrate it into your systems for maximum revenue and leverage Admaru's extensive experience in Prebid adoption for effective advertising operations in the Korean market. LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios ADMARU MEDIA SOLUTIONS integrated dashboard and reporting for efficient partner management. Utilize data-driven analysis and optimize campaigns, including Prebid Manager integration, to maximize revenue. Seamlessly integrate Prebid and diverse video products for innovative and streamlined advertising operations LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios ADMARU MOBILE Implement Prebid technology for optimized ad revenue and leverage Google's Ad Server for enhanced features. Choose Admaru for our own SSP and Prebid server, ensuring maximum mobile ad revenue with years of experience in Google Ad Manager operations and SDK integration. LEARN MORE arrow_forward_ios NEWS AND INSIGHTS Blog KakaoTalk Ads in the US and Canada! 애드마루, 카카오톡 북미 광고 사업 공식 대행사 참여 글로벌 광고 기술 및 디지털 마케팅 기업 애드마루(Admaru.com)가 카카오톡 북미 광고 사업의 공식 대행사로 참여, 디지털 광고 플랫폼 개발 및 글로벌 브랜드 대상 캠페인 집행을 본격화했다고 밝혔다. 2009년 설립된 애드마루는 아시아계 미국인 시장에 특화된 디지털 광고 기술 기업으로 시작하여, 자체적으로 광고 서버(Ad Server)와 SSP(Supply-Side Platform)를 개발하고 운영하며 […] ... Read More Blog Review of the North American targeting campaign to promote Korean tourism From June to September 2023, the Korea Tourism Organization carried out a digital campaign targeting North America. This campaign was aimed at elevating South Korea as the top travel destination in Asia and intensifying the promotion of actual travel products in the key North American markets. The campaign was executed... Read More Blog Google’s Video Policy Update – Implications for Advertisers Empowering Advertisers with Admaru’s Unparalleled Video Inventory I. Seizing the Opportunity: Accompanying Content Video (ACV) Recent revisions to Google’s video advertising policies have ushered in a new era of possibilities for advertisers. Previously restricted product categories can now leverage Google’s demand, with a notable inclusion being Accompanying Content Video (ACV)... Read More Blog Google’s Video Policy Update – Implications for Publishers What Happened? In November 2023, Google announced major changes to its video ad policies, aiming to better align with industry standards and clarify expectations for publishers and advertisers. These changes, effective April 1, 2024, introduce new guidelines for various aspects of video advertising, including Sticky video ads, Accompanying Content Video... Read More Case Studies Helping Lexus Dealer Association continue to increase Asian-American market share Lexus, long successful in the Asian segment, wanted to continue to increase market share in core Asian-heavy DMAs, via campaigns throughout the year (core model months and seasonal sales events). Background: The Lexus Dealer Association (LDA), long successful in the Asian segment, wanted to continue to increase market share in... Read More Blog What Values Does AMMS Offer to Mobile Apps? 1. What is Prebid and How Does Prebid Help Apps? Prebid, an open-source solution operated by Prebid.org, is a form of header bidding, which has been positioned as the most effective solution to media to improve digital ad revenue.  Through this open-source solution, many global demand partners, in addition to... Read More Let's Connect! Ready to elevate your digital presence? Contact us today and let’s explore the endless possibilities together. Whether you’re looking for innovative solutions, personalized strategies, or simply want to discuss your unique needs, our team at Admaru is here for you. Reach out now and let’s embark on a journey to redefine your success! Contact Us About Us Services Digital Marketing Ad Tech – For Publishers Ad Tech – For Advertisers Resources Ad Formats Blog Case Studies Company Contact us Careers Locations Copyright 2024 Admaru Network LLC. All rights reserved Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | California Consumer Privacy Act About Us Admaru is a digital advertising technology company that specializes in the Asian American market. Founded in 2009, we have a deep understanding of and insights into the diverse Asian American audiences and a long history of working with leading publishers in both the United States and Asia. This allows us to provide high-quality services that meet the complex and diverse needs of our clients. Learn More > Services Digital Marketing Ad Tech – For Publishers Ad Tech – For Advertisers Resources Ad Formats Blog Case Studies Company Contact Us Careers Locations Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information California Consumer Privacy Act Copyright 2024 Admaru Network LLC. All rights reserved