Products Company AdTech Development Blog Talk to an Expert
En
My account
Get Full Control
Over Digital Advertising
Amplify revenue with AdTech solutions for media buying, monetization, and data management
Contact Us
Global AdTech Platforms
Admixer DSP

A demand-side platform allowing marketers to buy media across 40K publishers worldwide

Web, In-App, CTV, Video and DOOH inventory
Premium sources from 100+ top SSPs
Self-service and managed media-buying
Transparency and brand safety
Buy Audience
Admixer SSP

Admixer SSP is among the world’s Top 20 supply partners with verified ads from global advertisers and agencies

Top global demand partners
All ad formats and environments
Real-time revenue optimization
Risk-free ads scanned by leading verification tools
Monetise Inventory
Our AdTech Solutions
All For Advertisers For Publishers For Ad Traders
Demand Side Platform

Self-service DSP for effective media buying across various channels, inventory sources and audiences

Global audience reach and wide range of sources
Enhanced targeting options
Real-time reporting and optimization
Agency Tech Stack

A solution for centralized media buying, managing programmatic deals and audience data for the biggest media agencies.

Web, in-app, CTV and DOOH inventory
Full control over the supply chain and price markups
Management of multiple revenue sources
In-House DSP

A solution for inventory and audience management that helps large brands increase supply chain transparency and optimize traffic performance.

Hassle-free integration
Data control
End-to-end analytics
Admixer Header Bidding

Tech stack to unlock global demand.

Connection to multiple monetizers
Easy setup and intuitive interface
Detailed statistics on bids and competition
Compatibility with Google Ad Manager
Supply Side Platform

Offer your inventory to global brands via smart selling and optimization.

Advertising Network

All-in-one tech stack for Ad Network Owners and Media Holdings.

Desktop | Mobile | Video | Audio | Native | CTV | DOOH networks
Complete ad management infrastructure for Publishers and Advertisers
oRTB, Header Bidding, direct demand
RTB Stack

Multipurpose RTB Platform for building own Ad Exchange

Multi-channel (Video, CTV, In-App, Web, DOOH)
Multi-format (Banner, Video, Audio, Native, Rich-Media)
All types of integrations (RTB, VAST, Header Bidding, SDK)
Real-Time Reporting
Contact our experts
Let's see what Admixer can do for you

Business need
Advertise through any channel/format with Admixer.DSP
Get a platform to manage media buying
Connect a data management platform
Сonnect user identity alternatives to 3rd-party cookies
Offer my inventory to the global demand with Admixer.SSP
Other / Not sure
Company type
Select
Name
Business e-mail
Company
I accept and agree with Web site'sPrivacy Policy




Our Customers
More than 3500 businesses choose
Admixer’s technology
Product
In-House AdTech Stack
Admixer is a key partner of BAT Ukraine in programmatic inventory management and enterprise adtech stack roadmapping with our current & future Brand needs in mind. Thanks to Admixer we are able to benefit from an inventory supply chain transparency and constant traffic performance optimization opportunities at hand.
Alona Bila
Senior Digital Manager at BAT Ukraine
Product
.Network
Since we started using the Admixer solutions, our business flourished. I’m glad we chose Admixer for our business. There are many new plans ahead, so we are planning to enlarge our cooperation.
Laith A. Momani
Founder and CEO of BrandFormance
Product
.DMP + .DSP
Admixer has been a reliable partner for us for years. Their self-service DSP is one of the best solutions on the market. The team has proved to be consistent in their aim to build an up-to-date tech solution to meet both client and market needs. We wish you, guys, good luck and inspiration!
Roman Zhukov
Digital Product Delivery at dentsu (Amplifi)
More reviews on G2
15
years of experience in adtech
280+
employees worldwide
100+
top global demand and supply partners
Admixer in Media
           
Keep up with adtech updates
User Identification (User ID)

Unidentified users have very limited access to anything around the web. User identification is an essential step to providing a safe and secure...

Adtech Insights
Exploring the Market of CTV Monetization: Key Webinar Takeaways
Explained
Die Another Day: How Life-Extension of 3P Cookies Will Affect the Industry?
Adtech Insights
Device Fingerprinting: Pros and Cons of the Controversial Method
Company
Blog
Careers
Contact us
Partners
About us
Events
HelpDesk
Press Kit
Our products
For advertisers
Demand Side Platform DMP Admixer.Creatives Worldwide Traffic Agengy Tech Stack In-House AdTech Stack
For publishers
SSP Publisher Network App Monetization Monetization Approach Header Bidding Player.Best Admixer ID Google AdExchange (MCM)
For Ad Traders
RTB Stack
We are partners
Privacy Policy Opt-out Help
© Admixer, 2025