Home | Adoptium Join Us Latest Releases Marketplace Projects Resources Community English 1 Open main menu The Power of Eclipse Temurin® . Prebuilt OpenJDK Binaries for Free! Download Temurin® Other Downloads → Temurin is trusted by millions, including these leading adopters: The Power of Eclipse Temurin OpenJDK Based: Eclipse Temurin offers high-performance, cross-platform, open source Java™ Runtimes binaries that are enterprise-ready and Java SE TCK certified and AQAvit verified for general use in the Java Ecosystem. Business Benefits Performance & Reliability Run your enterprise applications with confidence using Eclipse Temurin, a secure, high-performance Java runtime rigorously tested for stability and optimized for seamless operation across diverse environments. Cost-Effective Innovation Adopt high-quality open source Java with no licensing fees. Reduce costs while benefiting from a robust ecosystem that ensures long-term sustainability and enterprise-ready runtime performance. Empowering Developers Boost developer productivity with Eclipse Temurin's consistent, cross-platform builds. Focus on innovation while relying on a dependable, high-quality runtime trusted by millions worldwide. Performance & Reliability Run your enterprise applications with confidence using Eclipse Temurin, a secure, high-performance Java runtime rigorously tested for stability and optimized for seamless operation across diverse environments. Cost-Effective Innovation Adopt high-quality open source Java with no licensing fees. Reduce costs while benefiting from a robust ecosystem that ensures long-term sustainability and enterprise-ready runtime performance. Empowering Developers Boost developer productivity with Eclipse Temurin's consistent, cross-platform builds. Focus on innovation while relying on a dependable, high-quality runtime trusted by millions worldwide. Powering Millions Worldwide with Eclipse Temurin 0 Total Downloads/Docker pulls ever Prebuilt OpenJDK Binaries for Free! Java™ is the world's leading programming language and platform. The Adoptium Working Group promotes and supports high-quality, TCK certified runtimes and associated technology for use across the Java ecosystem. Eclipse Temurin is the name of the OpenJDK distribution from Adoptium. Secure Supply Chain Built with robust security standards, ensuring a trusted, transparent, and vulnerability-free supply chain. AQAvit Verification Thoroughly tested using AQAvit to guarantee performance, reliability, and security in every build. Performance Optimization Engineered for optimal performance, delivering speed, efficiency, and stability across diverse environments. Cross-Platform Consistency Consistent behavior and builds across all major operating systems and hardware architectures. Community Driven Development Eclipse Adoptium projects are shaped by a vibrant, global community that is continuously improving and innovating. Enterprise Ready Support Backed by enterprise-grade commercial supporters, ensuring seamless integration, scalability, and long-term sustainability. Discover all our projects Eclipse Adoptium provides runtime binaries that are high performance, enterprise-caliber, cross-platform, open-source licensed, Java SE TCK-tested and compliant for general use across the Java ecosystem. Eclipse Adoptium also provides artifacts including open-source infrastructure as code, a comprehensive continuous integration build and test farm, and extensive quality assurance tests. These artifacts may be used by Eclipse Adoptium projects and other runtime technology builders to ensure the provision of secure, Java SE TCK-tested and compliant, production-ready runtimes. Runtimes and Development Kits Eclipse Temurin® Learn More Quality Assurance Eclipse AQAvit Learn More JDK Mission Control Eclipse Mission Control Learn More “ Microsoft is proud to be a Strategic Member of the Eclipse Adoptium Working Group, collaborating closely with industry partners to contribute to and benefit from a vibrant open-source ecosystem. Together, we are dedicated to delivering high-quality, secure, and performant Java runtimes that empower our customers and the developer community. ” Martijn Verburg Principal Group Manager - Java & Go @ Microsoft Latest news and updates Follow the latest updates from the Eclipse Adoptium Project See all news News Adoptium's Plan to End Support for Solaris and Windows 32-bit Platforms December 04, 2025 Read More News Eclipse Temurin 8u472, 11.0.29, 17.0.17, 21.0.9 and 25.0.1 Available November 04, 2025 Read More News Eclipse Temurin 25 Available September 30, 2025 Read More News Eclipse Temurin JDK 24 enables JEP 493 August 04, 2025 Read More News Adoptium's Plan to End Support for Solaris and Windows 32-bit Platforms December 04, 2025 Read More News Eclipse Temurin 8u472, 11.0.29, 17.0.17, 21.0.9 and 25.0.1 Available November 04, 2025 Read More News Eclipse Temurin 25 Available September 30, 2025 Read More News Eclipse Temurin JDK 24 enables JEP 493 August 04, 2025 Read More Thank you to our 300+ contributors Become a Contributor Eclipse Foundation About Us Contact Us Donate Members Governance Code of Conduct Logo and Artwork Board of Directors Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Agent Eclipse Public License Legal Resources Useful Links Report a Bug Documentation How to Contribute Mailing Lists Marketplace Sitemap Swag Store Other IDE and Tools Projects Working Groups Research@Eclipse Report a Vulnerability Service Status Copyright © Eclipse Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Java and OpenJDK are trademarks or registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. X.com LinkedIn YouTube GitHub Slack Mastodon Bluesky Eclipse Foundation Legal Useful Links Other Copyright © Eclipse Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Java and OpenJDK are trademarks or registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.