We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
PRODUCTS 
SOLUTIONS 
RESOURCES 
ABOUT 
GET A FREE DEMO!LOG IN

Ad Revenue Optimization Platform

We help content creators across the globe generate more revenue by connecting them to 50+ premium advertising exchanges, deploying cutting-edge ad serving technology, and providing hands-on ad operations expertise.

GET A FREE DEMO! WATCH DEMO

 
TRUSTED BY MORE THAN 300 PUBLISHERS ACROSS 50+ COUNTRIES
Maximize yield from every single ad impression on your website using a single platform

Improve Clickthrough Rates

Our visual ad manager allows point-and-click creation of new ad units and layouts, while our machine learning based layout optimizer drives ad revenue growth using automated A/B testing.

LEARN MORE →

Maximize eCPMs & Revenue

Open up your ad inventory for bidding by multiple demand partners in real-time. Our system auto-selects the optimal number of partners, so that you get the best yield for every single impression.

LEARN MORE →

Recover Ad-blocked Revenue

We help publishers recover the revenue they are losing due to ad blockers. Our ads adhere to the highest UX standards as laid out by the Acceptable Ads standards.

LEARN MORE →

Highly-viewable Formats

In addition to standard IAB units, we offer sticky ads, docked ads, in-image ads, and native ads. We fill these ads with premium demand via our partner ad exchanges to maximize revenue.

LEARN MORE →

Drive Bid Competition

Ad mediation helps optimize ad revenue between closed networks. Our bid comparison engine uses 15+ parameters to decide which network wins the impression, without knowing their bids.

LEARN MORE →

Blazing Fast Ad Delivery

Our JS-based integration takes 15 minutes to setup. We've made many code customizations to minimize page latency, including modular code generation, lazy loading, and CDN-based delivery.

LEARN MORE →

AdPushup's platform gives you the power to optimize for audience engagement and ad revenue.
GET FREE REVENUE ESTIMATE



Work With a Trusted Industry Leader

AdPushup is hand-picked by Google for its track record of helping publishers succeed using value added services and technology, offering superior interaction and expert consulting, and maintaining a reputation for prioritizing a healthy advertising ecosystem.


GET A FREE DEMO!
Access Top-Tier Demand



In 2014, we launched our proprietary A/B testing tool to help web publishers increase their ad revenue by optimizing ad layouts.

Since then, we’ve expanded our product portfolio and partnered with multiple top-tier networks and exchanges such as OpenX, Rubicon Project, Media.net, Index Exchange, Pubmatic, and District M.

These partnerships allow us to reduce barriers of entry and bring the best global brands, campaigns, and ads to our publisher partners.


GET A FREE DEMO!

The AdPushup Advantage

QUICK INTEGRATION

Get started quickly by including a single line of JS code in the header of your site, our account manager will then help you with on-boarding.

CONTINUOUS OPTIMIZATION

Our machine learning based optimization engine displays the best-performing ad layouts based on data collected during testing.

EASY PAYMENTS

Get paid via PayPal or bank wire on Net-45 terms for the revenue generated by serving ads through our network on your site.

Your Personal Ad Ops Hotline

Our partners depend on us for solving their daily ad ops challenges as well as meeting long-term ad revenue goals. Whatever it us—we're here for you.

Dedicated Account Manager

All our partners get a dedicated account manager; to assist with everything from the on-boarding to providing everyday ad ops support and technical troubleshooting.

Google Policy Compliance

Our close relationship with Google and deep understanding of their ad products such as AdSense, AdX, and GAM allows us to deliver quick policy compliance assistance.

What Our Customers Say

We found what works for us with our audience after integrating with AdPushup and saw an upward trend in revenue—all thanks to their competent platform and committed team.

Vikas Yogi
Founding editor of IndiaCarNews

Everything was up and running within a week. AdPushup helped us achieve significant uplift through strategic ad placements and by connecting us to demand that we couldn't access on our own.

Matt Miller
Lead developer of SummitPost

Just like any business owner, we're looking for additional ways to grow our revenue. If we hadn't worked with AdPushup, we would've been leaving money on the table.

Dan Laufer
Co-founder and CEO, RentLingo

AdPushup has been a reliable partner and their enterprise solution works like a charm, especially the support. We would recommend them to anyone looking to increase their revenue.

Amit Qazi
Programmatic and Ad Operations Head, Zee Entertainment
How We Delivered a 534% Ad Revenue Uplift in 6 Months for CCNA7

CCNA7 is a niche educational website that publishes in-depth learning modules and exams targeted towards people interested in preparing for the IT certification. It follows a Q&A theme and regularly updates content with the latest information and insights. CCNA7 had explored other ad tech vendors in the past, before switching to AdPushup.


VIEW CASE STUDY
Memberships
Accolades
Let's Get Started

Over the years, we have helped more than 300 web publishers sustainably increase their ad CTRs, CPMs, and overall revenues without compromising on UX. If you want to learn how our technology can do the same for you, go ahead and request a demo.

GET A FREE DEMO!
or Contact Us

AdPushup, a part of GENIEE US is a market leader in the ad revenue optimization and publisher solutions space. Join thousands of satisfied customers using our products globally.

© 2025 GENIEE US. All rights reserved.

Company
About
Careers
Contact
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Referral Program
ToS
Products
Ad Layout Optimization
Ad Mediation
Adblock Recovery
AMP Ads
Innovative Ad Formats
Header Bidding
Solutions
AdSense Publishers
Independent Publishers
Enterprise Media

GET A FREE DEMO!



 EN 