American Arbitration Association | Arbitration & ADR Services Skip to header Skip to main content Skip to footer Log In File a Case The World’s Leading Provider of Dispute Solutions Alternative Dispute Resolution Our services Arbitration Mediation Online Dispute Resolution A Legacy of Expertise & Experience Why AAA? View All AAA ADR Data Why AAA? 537,000 cases filed in 2024 $27 billion in B2B claims and counter claims alone in 2024 Over 5,100 experienced panelists 3x faster arbitration vs litigation on average The Latest News Inside the AI Arbitrator AI Transformation in Law: What Legal Leaders Should Know How the AAA's AI Arbitrator is Transforming Dispute Resolution: Inside the Innovation with AAA COO and CRO Frank Rossi New AAA® Education Resources for Self-Represented Parties Mediation as a Tool in Entertainment Disputes: A Guide for Sophisticated Mediators Now Live AI Arbitrator The AI arbitrator is now available for use in two-party documents-only construction cases, with support for additional industries, dispute types, and higher value claims to follow. The AI arbitrator will deliver fast, cost-effective, and trusted dispute resolution. Learn More Industry-Specific ADR Our practice areas Accounting Cannabis Commercial Construction Consumer Employment Energy Entertainment Financial Services Franchise Government Healthcare Hospitality Insurance and Reinsurance Intellectual Property and Licensing International Labor Life Sciences Mass Arbitration Mergers, Acquisitions, and Joint Ventures Pension Partnership and Shareholder Disputes Professional Services Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Democratizing Dispute Resolution through Innovation InnovAAAtion By integrating new technologies, the AAA seeks to make ADR services more accessible, efficient, and fair for all. InnovAAAtion Technology Enhancements Adopting new technology helps us streamline processes and improve the efficiency of dispute resolution, making it faster and more cost-effective for all parties involved. New Products and Services Incorporating ClauseBuilder AI (Beta) and online dispute resolution (ODR) services, the AAA is making ADR more accessible. Advancing ADR Rules, Procedures, and Processes To keep the AAA at the forefront of ADR, we are constantly researching and improving procedures as well as providing the latest educational resources for our panelists. Educational programs Supporting the Education of Advocates and Panelists From ADR fundamentals to AI in arbitration, the AAA provides free resources and paid courses for every experience level. Explore webinars, in-person events, and podcasts designed to educate and engage. Explore Offerings Have questions? Q&A Q&A For general inquiries or questions about filing a new case, call Customer Service at 800-778-7879. For faster service, send an email to: CustomerService@adr.org . Please contact the case manager or email Customer Service with the AAA case number at CustomerService@adr.org . Questions about international dispute resolution or global and domestic AAA-ICDR office locations? Cookies Preferences About Us Start Your Case Visit other AAA Sites