AdScholars: Digital Advertising Solutions | Programmatic, In‑Game & DOOH Home About Us Media Solutions Gaming Kids & Parents Networks Performance Global Market Place DOOH Media Operations Creative Studio Adtech Today Contact Us Careers About Us Welcome to our crazy kingdom of advertising awesomeness! We are a Young, passionate Ad tech media rep company that’s got it all – from gaming to kids platforms, performance to DOOH, and a creative studio that’s bursting at the seams with imagination. Our team of tech-savvy wizards specializes in sprinkling digital fairy dust all over your brand to help it sparkle and shine like never before. From programmatic prestidigitation to gaming solutions, we’ve got all the tricks up our sleeves to help your brand reach its full potential. At our company, we’re all about taking the hassle out of digital ad operations. Our team of ad wizards knows the ins and outs of digital ad operations like the back of our hands (and we’ve got the carpal tunnel to prove it). From trafficking to optimization, we’re the experts you can count on to make sure your ads are running like a well-oiled machine. So sit back, relax, and let us do the heavy lifting. We’ll take care of everything so you can focus on what really matters – like binge-watching Netflix and eating copious amounts of snacks. Media Solutions Gaming Get in the game! We create authentic in-game brand activations and reach the target audience with non-intrusive ad solutions across MENA and Dubai region. Kids & Parents Network An interactive and engaging mobile experience for Kids, Youth, and Parents.
The platform offers brands, publishers, and families a suite of essential advertising technology. Global Marketplace Global Marletplace  Delivers customised inventory, audiences & data to assist traders in achieving their KPIS in sensitive categories globally including Russia & China. Performance Power up the campaigns with our top-notch expertise combined with technological stack of programmatic and affiliate marketing. With our focus on brand KPIs, engage the audience like never before and fly above the competition. DOOH A one-stop shop with a wide range of DOOH solutions at your fingertips.  Take advantage of our programmatic adtech with exclusive integrations for screen owners, marketers, and media platforms. Creative Studio Create impactful and effective rich media display ads for the brand campaigns to ensure high engagement, brand recall, and higher ROI. Across the globe, we drive a high-quality audience and premium video inventories with our attractive video ads. Media Operations Programmatic Our programmatic advertising services help clients achieve their business goals by creating customized campaigns that maximize ROI and drive results. Our team of experts uses data-driven insights and industry best practices to optimize campaigns in real-time and monitor performance. Publisher Support We offer comprehensive publisher management services that take care of all the technical details, from ad trafficking to campaign management to reporting and optimization. You can sit back and relax while we handle everything. Digital Marketing Step up the marketing game with our 360 digital services ranging from content production, brand development and execution, including SEO, Social Media & Influencer Management, Google Adwords & Social Channels, Programmatic Marketing, Affiliate Marketing, and Email Marketing. 10 + Specialised Platforms 1000 + success stories 100 % Campaign Delivery 10,000 + Websites & Apps Inventory These two global giants leverage Coronavirus to boost sales- A notable case study in rapid response marketing. February 6, 2020 by adscholars 4 Comments Read More Share 7 Ways to Generate B2B Leads. P.S. LinkedIn Dips In Priority February 6, 2020 by adscholars 1 Comment Read More Share Top 5 ads of 2019 that swept all the awards, and hearts. February 4, 2020 by adscholars 6 Comments Read More Share A Case Study On Why Case Study Is The Start Of Epic Marketing. January 31, 2020 by adscholars 1 Comment Read More Share About AdScholars is a flexible marketing services partner for the modern age. We help our clients scale by executing, managing, analyzing & optimizing all forms of digital media and marketing on their behalf. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Services Media Solutions Media Operations Creative Studio Reporting & Tailored AI and Analytics Solutions Automation Support Dubai Hyderabad Mumbai Philippines Dubai Office No-112, Plot No-186, YOUSUF KHOURY BLDG, Al Barsha First, Dubai Hyderabad 1-99/V/2 Sy no 86, 3rd Floor, Trendz Sapphire, Vittal Rao Nagar Road, Madhapur, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500081 Mumbai 1007, 10th Floor, Skyblu 72 Corp, Sakinaka Saki Vihar Road, Sakinaka Junction, Kurla West, Maharashtra, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400072 Phone No. :  +971-526089186 Philippines EDSA corner, Ayala Ave, Makati, 1226 Metro Manila, Philippines Advertising Services Programmatic Advertising Performance Marketing Affiliate Marketing Digital Advertising Solutions Campaign Optimization Ad Formats & Channels DOOH Advertising Programmatic DOOH In-Game Advertising Rewarded Ads Mobile Advertising Audience Solutions Kids & Parents Advertising Networks Gaming Advertising Solutions Brand-Safe Advertising Sensitive Category Advertising Audience Targeting Solutions Data & Marketplace Global Advertising Marketplace Targeted Inventory Solutions Audience Data Solutions Programmatic Media Buying Performance & ROI Optimization Privacy Policy |  © 2025 — ADscholars . All Rights Reserved.