Ads in Telegram Mini Apps (TMA) – Adsgram Features For advertisers For publishers FAQ Join Adsgram Launch ads Monetise app Blog en ru en zh New! Advertise and sell space in Telegram channels and bots Transform your advertising strategy with AdsGram Unlock the true power of telegram ads and elevate your advertising game with advanced ads platform Launch Ad Sell Traffic Advertise in Telegram with maximum impact High Engagement Use rewarded video ads and other engaging formats to captivate your audience Launch from $15 Competitive rates: CPM from $0.20, CPC from $0.01 — excellent value for advertisers and developers. Precise targeting Platform, language, geo, TG Premium, Wallet (in progress) Guaranteed safety We use highly effective fraud prevention mechanism to guarantee the best traffic Manual ad placement You pay for the entire audience of the channel, including those who are not part of your target audience You only pay for your target audience. Advanced targeting options (language, platform, GEO, TG Premium). You may experience inflated clicks, visits, subscriptions, and even registrations A modern anti-fraud system that filters out up to 99% of low-quality traffic Management is time-consuming and scaling is complex Automated campaign management that scales easily Forget about manual ad placement For advertisers How to launch campaigns with AdsGram Launch campaigh Step 1 Create an account Register on our advertising portal to access the AdsGram dashboard, where you can manage all aspects of your advertising campaigns Create Step 2 Set your ads Log in, create, and manage your ad campaigns. Use the button in the top left corner of the dashboard to create a new campaign. Here’s how to set up your campaign: Ad placement Choose where you want your ad to be displayed: TMA, chatbots, or channels. Targeting options Choose targeting options based on language, platform, GEO, locale, and the presence of TG Premium Set your budget Decide on your Cost Per Mille (CPM) and daily budget, set in USDT cryptocurrency Create ads You can create up to 10 ads per campaign. Traffic will be evenly distributed among them Learn more Step 3 Select payment options Add funds in cryptocurrency, specifically USDT Learn more Step 4 Meet format requirements Ensure your video ads meet the following requirements: Format: mp4 Orientation: vertical, aspect ratio 9:16 Length: up to 15 seconds Learn more Maximize your advertising impact with Telegram mini App ads Get traffic Start monetizing your Telegram mini-apps today Join AdsGram High Engagement Cost-Effective Precise targeting Guaranteed safety Join AdsGram Why TON is a stable crypto currency to buy We will tell you more about why buy TON is safe and strategic Read Get industry insights from our blog Stay updated with the latest news and insights on telegram advertising, TON ecosystem developments, and more. Check out our blog for in-depth articles on how to effectively advertise telegram channel Read blog Official partner AdsGram is proudly supported by the TON Foundation , which has provided significant funding to develop our platform. This partnership ensures continuous enhancement and reliability, benefiting all users within the TON ecosystem. FAQ What is AdsGram? AdsGram is an ad network for Telegram mini-apps. How do I start using AdsGram? Create an account on our portal and follow the instructions. What payment methods are supported? Payments are made in TON cryptocurrency. What ad formats are available? Currently, we support rewarded videos and will soon introduce inline banners.. Join the team of leaders in Telegram ads Launch advertisement Monetise application Find answers to all your questions about telegram advertising in our channel © 2025 AdsGram. All rights reserved Documentation Support seo promotion We use cookies to improve site functionality, analyze traffic, and personalize content. You can accept or reject the use of cookies. Accept everything Reject Cookie settings Required cookies Analytical cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Save settings