Ads Interactive Media Group - a Google Certified Partner About Products Services for Publishers Retail Media Rich Media Templates Showcase Blog Career Contact Login About Products Services for Publishers Retail Media Rich Media Templates Showcase Blog Career Contact Login Premium ad monetization platform for digital publishers Empowering digital publishers to generate more revenue by connecting them to premium advertising exchanges worldwide. Get Started Premium Rich Media solutions for digital advertisers Providing cutting-edge rich media solutions to our partners and access to exclusive private deals worldwide. Get In Touch Seamless Full-Scale Integration! Increase your revenue with a hassle-free single-stack ad solution, that can be seamlessly integrated into most website engines including WordPress, WIX, Joomla!, Drupal, Squarespace, Laravel, Shopify - and of course native php! Whether you just started out on your monetization journey by using Adsense or are already well-versed in the sector and just looking for a new Google MCM partner, we'll have a tailor-made solution for you! I'm interested! Providing support Our first-class Customer Success Team and AdOps professionals are always ready to support you in any issues from integration to providing pointers to increase your website efficiency. Get in touch! Award-winning interface Our publishing partners get access to our innovative and easy-to-use Publisher User Interface that allows them to keep track and optimize their content, revenues or even the website as a whole. Our platforms come with built-in dashboards that highlight every important metric, including RPM, CPM, sessions and many more. Still not sure if Ads Interactive is for you? Book a free consultation & revenue estimation now, and see how much our team can do for you! Book a consultation A premium platform for a premium experience Better results and more satisfied readers. Our platform will only display relevant and high-quality ads on your site. Brand-safe Ads Rest easy as our multi-layer filter system prevents malware and low-quality creatives from appearing on your site. Higher Viewability - Better Rates! Our systems make sure that you only have ads that fit your content to maximum viewability! Streamlined, user-friendly reports Monitor, compare and optimize your content's performance daily in Publisher User Interface! Premium Campaigns by Premium Demand Partners Our services allow you to tap into our Premium Demand Partner pool representing the high-end segment of the industry. Our Premium Demand Partners The Ads Interactive platform allows you to access the best demand partners in the industry: At Ads Interactive innovation is key, but it will never outpace safety: we are deeply committed to providing brand safety for both publishers and advertisers. Prebid membership Ads Interactive is the first Hungarian member of Prebid placing us not just at the forefront of the industry, but also emphasising our commitment to transparent and efficient programmatic solutions ADS.TXT implementation We are committed to ensuring that only authorized and quality assured inventories are monetized. Our systems automatically crawl the sites and filter out unauthorized inventory. Financial stability Growth isn't everything, it is who you are growing with that counts: put your trust in a reliable company as Ads Interactive, who has been awarded the prestigious AAA certification. IAB Ads Interactive Media Group is a proud member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), setting the digital advertising industry standards with ad quality metrics for stakeholders in the ad supply chain. Being one of Criteo's official resellers, our partners gain easy access to the AI driven programmatic solutions of the platform, providing significant quality improvement for both publishers and advertisers. No more guesswork on what your readers actually want - use our built-in dashboards to make data-driven decisions about your website's performance! Try our platform today! Information About Showcase Blog Career Contact Data Policy Services Google Adsense Google Ad Manager Criteo solutions Our Memberships IAB Hungary Hungarian Marketing Association Hungarian Advertising Association Digital Audience Measurement Council Contact Tel: +36-1-848-8894 sales@adsinteractive.com 3x Marketing Diamond Award Winner