Solutions
Resources
Company
CONTACT US
Find new 

Shopping app
Delivery app
Food & Drink app
Entertainment app
Finance app
Travel app
Retail app
Wellness app
Dating app
Shopping app
users

across millions of apps

Moloco Ads,
AI-powered app advertising
Reaching billions of daily users

Get started
Unlock the growth you’ve been missing

88% of consumer app marketing budgets are concentrated within the walled gardens of Google, Meta, TikTok and Apple. Not surprising when nearly half of marketers have never invested beyond these partners. But if consumers are spending more time elsewhere—are you looking in the right place?

Does your budget reflect how users actually behave?

User attention is shifting beyond social and entertainment apps

Yearly change in hours spent on mobile apps | U.S., 2023-2024

Audiences are shifting away from traditional social media and entertainment apps, with more than 63% of 18-34 year-olds wanting to cut back their social media usage and 66% experiencing ad fatigue. Time spent on these established platforms is slowing as users increasingly engage with the diverse Independent App Ecosystem, including gaming, productivity, and generative AI.

Access the full insight
Diversification Drives Performance

Up to 214% ROAS lives outside of Google and Meta

D30 ROAS lift for consumer apps | 2025

Consumer app marketers who diversified their media mix to include channels outside Google and Meta saw up to 214% D30 ROAS increases. What feels risky at first is actually the surest path to the performance lift you need.

Access the full insight
Unlock Scalable Growth with Confidence

Reach over 2B daily active users on the independent app ecosystem

DAU and hours spent on mobile apps globally | 2024-2025

As user attention fragments across diverse apps, accessing broad and varied inventory is essential for performance. High-value users convert from surprising, diverse app categories. The Independent App Ecosystem provides access to more than three million specialized apps reaching over two billion daily active users (DAU), comparable to TikTok and Instagram combined.

Access the full insight
Join the Marketers Unlocking Untapped Growth

Since expanding our channels beyond social partners, we’ve seen an increase in platform bookings that we have been able to validate through incrementality modeling. We’re excited to push performance further by increasing our creative velocity.

Valerie Castro | Acquisition Marketing Director

If marketers aren’t evolving their strategies to meet users in new environments, they’re not just missing reach—they’re missing relevance. This is why it is so important for us to have our ad strategies reflect where users actually spend their time.

Greg Rossi | Senior Director, Integrated Marketing

Relying solely on self-attributed performance limits your visibility into what's truly driving incremental lift across the user journey. This can prevent you from diversifying into more cost-effective and incremental channels, ultimately impacting your brand's growth potential.

Diana Gilbert | Marketing Manager-Performance and Personalization

Burger King achieved 30% lower CPI with Moloco’s AI-powered solution.

Learn more

Benjamin app achieved 25%+ ROAS increase on the Independent App Ecosystem.

Learn more

Fanatics scaled effectively while maintaining brand safety and transparency with Moloco.

Learn more
Get started

Note: The report is based on survey data from Moloco/YouGov survey (June 2025) and research data from Moloco, Sensor  Tower, and Singular. The research data is anonymized and aggregated. Results by category and market meet robust thresholds: more than 30 apps and over $50,000 in ad spend or revenue.  

Discover the untapped users on the Independent App Ecosystem with Moloco

AI-Powered performance

Based on app’s first-party data, Moloco automatically finds, acquires and re-engage high-value users on the Independent App Ecosystem

Single Buying Door

Moloco simplifies media buying by offering a single access to over three million independent apps and more than two billion DAU

High-Quality, Brand-Safe Placements

Moloco Ads maintains strict quality standards aligned with Google and Apple’s app store requirements. We use real-time monitoring and exclusion lists to continuously improve inventory quality. These efforts have earned TAG and IAB Gold certifications.

Industry-Leading Transparency

Moloco Ads gives clear visibility into where ads run, which creatives, placements, and publishers drive performance, and how every marketing dollar is being utilized.

Access the full insights and unlock hidden growth today
First name*
Last name*
Business email*
Company name*
Which option best describes you?
Please Select
Mobile App Advertiser interested in machine-learning advertising
Marketplace or Retailer interested in building a commerce media ads platform
Streaming company interested in a building a streaming ads server
Ad Agency interested in agency partner program
Account Support
Other

By submitting this form, you agree to our privacy policy and consent to Moloco sending you information about our services.

Solutions

Moloco Ads
Moloco SDK
Moloco Commerce Media
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Moloco for Mobile App Marketers
Moloco for Agency Partners
Moloco for Commerce Platforms
Moloco for Streaming Platforms
Moloco for Games
About Moloco
Blog
Careers
Newsroom
Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Suppliers
Privacy Policy
Brand Safety Policy
Advertising Policy
Terms of Use
Security
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 Moloco, Inc.
GET STARTED
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Under certain privacy laws, our use of some cookies may be considered a “sale”, “sharing” for behavioral advertising, or “targeted advertising” and we may also engage in processing for “targeted advertising” through other means. You can opt-out by clicking “Customize Settings” and following the instructions on that page. For more info, see ourPrivacy Policy.
Customize Settings Accept Cookies