AdStir Login Easy, intuitive media buying platform 0% markups. 100% transparency. Our ridiculously easy-to-use SaaS platform allows you to buy media at-cost across every platform. Plus – the best data in the world comes fully integrated for micro-targeting and audience selection. Full reporting included – your campaign, your report, your attribution. Get Started Easy, intuitive media buying platform 0% markups. 100% transparency. Our ridiculously easy-to-use SaaS platform allows you to buy media at-cost across every platform. Plus – the best data in the world comes fully integrated for micro-targeting and audience selection. Full reporting included – your campaign, your report, your attribution. Get Started Self-service with simple, easy-to-use interface Media buying has never been so intuitive. No wasting time learning an intricate process. With AdStir, you can set up your campaign in a few easy steps. Self-service with simple, easy-to-use interface Media buying has never been so intuitive. No wasting time learning an intricate process. With AdStir, you can set up your campaign in a few easy steps. Zero hidden charges The first and only DSP with a pricing model that doesn't disguise true media costs or marks it up with various hidden percentages. With our SaaS-based pricing model, you get all the bells and whistles with none of the surprises. Zero hidden charges The first and only DSP with a pricing model that doesn't disguise true media costs or marks it up with various hidden percentages. With our SaaS-based pricing model, you get all the bells and whistles with none of the surprises. Integrated data sets built-in Stirista's deterministic data comes pre-packaged with your account. You have access to all the segments you want, and then some. Or bring your own first-party data and we will onboard it for you. Integrated data sets built-in Stirista's deterministic data comes pre-packaged with your account. You have access to all the segments you want, and then some. Or bring your own first-party data and we will onboard it for you. Advanced reporting Simple, transparent reporting. Real time data exportable to Excel or connected to your data dashboard of choice. Advanced reporting Simple, transparent reporting. Real time data exportable to Excel or connected to your data dashboard of choice. Premium inventory Manage and deliver campaigns across multiple channels with access to premium inventory: Display Online Video (OLV) Over-the-Top (OTT)/Connected TV (CTV) Premium inventory Manage and deliver campaigns across multiple channels with access to premium inventory: Display Online Video (OLV) Over-the-Top (OTT)/Connected TV (CTV) Check out our videos to learn about how we can deploy social, display and CTV/OTT through AdStir. Check out our videos to learn about how we can deploy social, display and CTV/OTT through AdStir. Get Started Email Department Marketing Advertising Sales IT Product Management Data/Analytics Student/Academic Other Business Type Agency Brand Data Company Data Management Platform (DMP) Demand Side Platform (DSP) Supply Side Platform (SSP) Other Business Focus B2B B2C B2B2C Opt me out of emails from Stirista with updates, news, event invites and resource alerts. Comments Already have an account? Login here . Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Information info@stirista.com 210.293.0029