Adstanding – State of the art DOOH planning and buying platform. DNA DOOH The Reel Contact Us Login Sign-Up Slide Create, Customize & Scale pDOOH Campaigns Seamlessly Slide 10+Trillion Monthly Impressions Slide 1,250,000+ Screens State Of The Art DOOH Planning And Buying Platform Book A Live Demo Contact Us A Dynamic Way To Speak To Millions 
Across North America​ Digital out of home advertising combines reach and scale with relevant and dynamic creative, allowing content to be served contextually at the right time and to the right audience 0 + Trillion Monthly Impressions 0 + Million Screens 0 + Environments USA, Canada, Mexico Countries Environments Airports, Beauty Salons, Bars & Restaurants, Campus, Cinema, Clinics, Convenience Stores, Gas Stations, Golf Carts, Government buildings, Gyms, Hospitals & Medical Centers, Hotels & Resorts, Iconic Spectaculars, Office Towers, Residential Buildings, Retail, Roadside Outdoor, Shopping Malls, Sports Centers, Taxis & Ride Shares, Transit Shelters Well Combinations Powering the DOOH revolution We deliver next level pDOOH solutions that are fully customizable based on individual campaign objectives. We keep things simple, with a focus on quality inventory and a collaborative approach to help our clients thrive. Book A Live Demo An intuitive & flexible platform that is easy to use We make the complex simple without compromising on quality or ability to scale. Whatever the need or objective, we can facilitate booking with different targets, environments, audiences and geo. Set your parameters without limitations. Visualize your campaigns and bring them to life on screen We have created a detailed map that shows every screen and available inventory to aid in the planning process and best highlight the interactivity of this medium and its potential. Transparency at every stage of the process Our platform is completely open - nothing is hidden from view, everything is available to extract at any time. We pride ourselves on providing a digital trail of all assets and transactions, allowing our partners full autonomy over their campaigns. Unlock Your Programmatic Potential Try The Platform Book A Live Demo Association That We Are Part Of We proudly partner with top industry associations to ensure greater transparency and compliance across the Programmatic DOOH space Our Supply Partners Slide Slide Slide Portfolio Slide Montreal Tourism North American Campaign Fall 2021 1,100 boards 13 different environments 4 major geos 156 cities Coupled with mobile retargeting 4 weeks duration Slide Christie’s Auction House Times Square domination Nov 2021 One weekend domination on the Nasdaq screen Purchased through Programmatic Guaranteed deal 72 hours for all approbation layers including agencies, advertiser, operator, etc. Slide Quebec Tourism Winter promotion 2021-2022 Dundas Square Domination in Toronto Audience RON play across multiple markets Spectaculars & 10+ different indoor environments 2100+ screens 122+ cities Slide GSK Annual 2021 Campaign Data focused campaigns to hone in on specific audiences to promote OTC medication Granular targeting using universal ID through data partner Contextual targeting for relevancy Coupled with mobile retargeting Slide Olive Appointment Booking Platform For Clinics And Patients Launched during the COVID pandemic, this new emerging platform used a mix of DOOH and mobile to promote their needed services Programmatic technology enabled this campaign to be agile, turning on and off environments in real time based on lockdowns legislatures at the time Slide Harry Rosen Walk-ins history mapping of the retailer luxury stores to cross reference audience patterns Granular mobile retargeting based on DOOH ad exposure We Stand Out From The Crowd, On Purpose. Our ‘Boutique’ Approach Is Unrivaled Going further, offering more – that’s the adstanding mentality. We personalize every experience and operate in a way that encourages open collaboration and innovation. We are premium yet still proudly approachable. Discover More Our Platform Is Flexible, Accessible & Transparent The platform has been designed to be intuitive and easy to navigate, allowing for greater accessibility to track stats in real-time, purchase curated inventory and alter the variables for better performance all in real time. Discover More We Speak The Language. We Set The Standard adstanding were the first to champion this technology across North America, setting the standard for others to follow. We share this knowledge with our partners empowering them to reach their goals quickly, effectively and efficiently. Discover More Try Adstanding Book A Live Demo Subscribe To Our Newsletter Be the first to hear about emerging technologies and trends in the programmatic DOOH space. Email Address © 2025 Adstanding. All Rights Reserved. Policy-Privacy , User-Agreement Book A Demo Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name Email * Phone Number Company Best Time To Reach Comment or Message Would you like to join our email list? Yes, sign me up! Book DNA DOOH The Reel Contact Us Login Sign-Up