Skip to main content
Skip to footer

(800) 825-0224

CHAT

SUPPORT

LOGIN

SOLUTIONS
WHO WE SERVE
LEARN
ABOUT US
DEMO
PRICING
SOLUTIONS
SOLUTIONS

One AdvancedMD

Complete suite of applications for all roles of the practice

REFINED. AUTOMATED. ALL-IN-ONE.
Practice Management
Scheduling Software
Billing Software
Reporting & Analytics
A/R Control Center
Central Billing Office
Electronic Remittance Advice
Claims Management
Credit Card Processing
Invoicing
Reporting & Analytics
eEligibility
Medical Billing Clearinghouse
Medical Coding
Period Close Automation
Patient Room Tracking
EHR Software
EHR Dashboard
Mobile Apps
Patient Cards
Patient Charts
Customizable Templates
Electronic Prescribing
EPCS
Immunization Reporting
Patient Health Management
Remote Patient Monitoring
Electronic Faxing
Health IT Standards
EHR Certification
Meaningful Use
CQM
Patient Engagement
Patient Portal
Telehealth
Appointment Reminders
Communications
Social Reputation
Patient Education
Patient Kiosk
Patient Consent Forms
Patient Messaging
Patient Self-scheduling

Managed Billing

Streamline business operations with remarkable results.

GET EXPERT HELP WITH YOUR BILLING.
Revenue Cycle Management

Get expertise, technology, and results in a
transparent and scalable billing solution. Enjoy
full-service account management.

See Our Included Technology

We take care of your revenue cycle management,
you sit back and enjoy the profits.

Compare In-house vs. RCM Options

Take control over your revenue collections and
financial outcomes.

Annual Revenue Collection Audit

Take advantage of our free annual analysis and get
an evaluation of software usage and eectiveness.

Learn more
Build the ideal RCM environment
In-house vs. RCM
RCM Process overview
Get a Price Quote

Billing Companies

Partner program designed to grow your medical billing service.

FUTUREPROOF YOUR BUSINESS.
AdvancedBiller

Become a partner and get exclusive benefits
including premium support, free promotional
opportunities, and competitive, scalable pricing

See Our Included Technology

We take care of your revenue cycle management,
you sit back and enjoy the profits.

AdvancedBiller Marketplace

Take control over your revenue collections and
financial outcomes.

Learn more
Tools & Resources
Become a Partner
Get a Price Quote

Artificial Intelligence

AI tools that enhance efficiency, elevate user experience, and drive quality outcomes.

EMPOWERING CLIENTS WITH SCALABLE, TRANSFORMATIVE HEALTHCARE AI
Learn more
Improve Patient Outcomes with AI
AI Usage Among Physicians

Group Practices

Aplications and services designed to help group practices grow with ease.

ENTERPRISE & GROUP PRACTICES
Testing Sandbox
ODBC
Data Warehouse
Interoperability
Open API Architecture
CRM Integrations
HIE & CIE
Multi-location Management
Template Key
Virtual Practice
Security
Multi-factor Authentication
WHO WE SERVE
WHO WE SERVE
SPECIALTY
Family Practice
Internal Medicine
Mental Health
Physical Therapy
Surgery
Pain Management
OB/GYN
Orthopaedic
Pediatrics
Gastroenterology
View All Specialties >
PRACTICE TYPE
Independent Practice

Easily and aordably grow your independent healthcare practice.

Large Group Practice

Flexible solutions for large group practices, MSOs, IPAs, and ACOs.

Billing Companies

Get matched with an RCM expert: claims management, patient call center, credentialing, coding, and consulting.

SERVICES
Professional Services

Experts to help optimize AdvancedMD for your ideal workflow.

Integration Marketplace

Many complimentary technologies and services yield a solution for every challenge unified within AdvancedMD.

AdvancedBiller Marketplace

Take control over your revenue collections and financial outcomes.

POPULAR FEATURES

Patient Portal

A self-service portal that gives patients convenient online access to their health information.

TeleHealth

Oer exceptional care and treat more patients beyond the walls of your office.

EHR Software

Improve clinical accuracy and outcomes across all products in a paperless environment.

Billing Software

Drive extraordinary results with smooth and efficient claims processes and revenue collection tools.

Scheduling Software

Easily view and control your schedule with software designed to keep your schedule full.

LEARN
LEARN
PROVIDING EDUCATIONAL TOOLS FOR PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT.

Browse and enjoy our collection of healthcare-related resources to stay current with industry trends in your specialty. All PDF and video assets in our library are available for free, plus you can share with colleagues.

Videos & Demos
Product Sheets
On-demand Webinars
Blog
eBooks
Practice Life Documentaries
Infographics
View All >>
ABOUT US
ABOUT US
ABOUT US

AdvancedMD, headquartered in South Jordan, Utah, employs 700 people, and provides medical software to private practices. We serve 65,000 practitioners across 14,000 practices, and 900 medical billing companies.

Our Story

Dating back to the mid 90s, our focus has been to offer best-in-class billing solutions for private practices.

Hummingbird Symbol

When we set out to create our corporate symbol, we knew it needed to be special. Something bold.

Careers
Media Coverage
Awards
Press Releases
CHAT WITH A LIVE AGENT.

Transforming practice operations with expert help. Our team of U.S. specialists help you maintain clinical and financial business continuity with insightful expertise to overcome your most challenging problems.

Manage Cases
Manage Features
Manage Payments
Manage Users
Enrollments Chat
Service & Support Policy
System Requirements
IN-PERSON OR VIRTUAL. UNFORGETTABLE LEARNING.

Stay abreast of our software and services as well as the broader healthcare evolution by attending a corporate sponsored or hosted event and join your peers for a fabulous learning experience.

Tradeshows

We attend most major shows and specialty-focused events. Stop by our booth, say hello, and get free stuff.

Webinars

These virtual events are always free and span a variety of product, compliance, privacy, and partner topics.

Medical office management software.
Unified. Cloud. Real freedom.
GET PERSONAL DEMO
Smarter Care. Powered by AI.

AdvancedMD is transforming private practice healthcare technology with intelligent automation built to streamline clinical, financial, and patient workflows.

Our AI-driven tools are designed to do the heavy lifting—so you can focus on patient outcomes and your financial performance. Learn about what’s available today and in our 2025 roadmap.

From ambient listening that captures clinical conversations to frictionless patient intake, and from prior authorization to computer-assisted coding, AdvancedMD transforms everyday workflows into seamless experiences.

Faster documentation
More meaningful patient interactions
Less staff burnout from greater productivity

With a responsible, physician-first approach to AI, we’re making private practice ownership not just possible—but sustainable throughout the life of your practice.

DISCOVER THE FUTURE OF HEALTHCARE
Get a personalized demo
Get a Free Code Book

Enjoy our definitive 28-page medical billing and coding guide. Inside you’ll find all CPT and HCPCS codes that are new, removed, and revised for 2025. It’s free and downloadable.

GET CODE BOOK
Medical office software for all roles of your practice.

Enjoy a transformational, unified workflow experience with synchronized information accessible across all roles of your practice. Our complete suite of smart applications improves productivity and reduces data entry.

Practice Management

Everything to manage the business side of your practice: intuitive user interface, integrated workflow, and a full suite of medical office software automation tools designed for a positive front desk experience and to increase cash flow.

Electronic Health Records

Your ideal care workflow in a paperless environment with anywhere, anytime access to all patients and health histories. Improve clinical accuracy and outcomes with unified data across our entire software suite.

Patient Engagement

A robust platform of unified tools delivers self-service features that patients demand. Each is designed to increase convenience, efficiency, and accuracy. Medical office software automation reduces manual, unnecessary data entry.

GET A PERSONALIZED LIVE DEMO
Introducing medical office software powered by AWS. Unmatched stability, security, and access.

Experience our medical office software features conveniently bundled within one unified cloud platform hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Always accessible. Any location. Any device. Stay in touch with your patients and practice wherever you need to be.

Security: Policies, processes, and practices ensure confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all data in our possession.
Multi-factor Authentication: This security measure adds an extra layer of protection for account login credentials and healthcare data.
GET PRODUCT SHEET
See our cloud platform & data storage
Technology-enabled patient flow management.

Our medical office software automates every stage of the care journey—for you, your staff, and patients. From the pre-visit, visit, and post-visit experience, we can help make life simpler and more efficient with less administrative overhead. With well-functioning practice automation tools, you can achieve higher satisfaction, greater retention, and better revenue collections.

LEARN ABOUT PATIENT FLOW
Revenue cycle management from a team you can trust.

Enjoy our revolutionary RCM services bundled with our modern medical office software. Get full-service account management, expertise, and convenience in a transparent and scalable billing paradigm.

Software Included

Front-office, clinical, patient engagement, reporting, and mobile apps.

Competitive Pricing

Learn how affordable and effective our services can be for your practice.

Scale your Practice

Whether starting, adding providers, or seeing more patients, we can add resources.

GET A PRICE QUOTE
Grow & scale your medical billing service.

Our exclusive AdvancedBiller Grow program includes highly capable billing and reporting software designed for third-party RCM companies. Extend our market-leading scheduling, EHR, and patient engagement software to your clients for a complete value-add offering. Our partner benefits include premium support, exclusive lead generation, free promotional opportunities, and scalable pricing.

BECOME A PARTNER
Solutions
Practice Management
Medical Billing Software
EHR Software
Patient Engagement
Medical Billing Services
MACRA/MIPS
Resources
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Billing Companies
Mental Health
Physical Therapy
Laboratory
Large Practice Groups
Learning Center
Blog
eGuides
Videos
Practice Life
Recorded Webinars
Product Sheet
Company
Careers
Support
Events
Press Releases
Newsletter
Contact Us

© 2025 AdvancedMD, Inc. All rights reserved.

Service & Support Policy

|

Terms of Use

|

Privacy Notice

|

HIPAA Privacy Statement

|

Sitemap
Cookie Settings

|

Do not sell or share my personal information
Cookie Consent
We process your personal information to measure and improve our sites and service, to assist our marketing campaigns and to provide personalised content and advertising. By clicking the button on the right, you can exercise your privacy rights. For more information see our privacy noticePrivacy Policy.
Accept Cookies
Cookie Settings