Home
Tour
Features
Examples
Integration
Pricing
Contact Us
Blog
Free Trial
AdvertServe combines everything you need into a unified ad serving platform for web, mobile, e-mail, and video.

Designed for B2B and niche publishers with direct sales teams.

Start Your 45-Day Free Trial 
 Increase your revenue

Wow your advertisers and create new revenue streams with premium creative formats that increase repeat business and integrate easily into your web site.

 Serve 2-3x more impressions

Take advantage of smart auto-refresh technology to boost in-view impressions without negatively impacting your click or viewability rates.

 Improve ad viewability

Below-the-fold ads can ruin your viewability if you serve them on page load! Turn on lazy-loading with a single click and stop wasting time on other strategies that don't work.

25 Years of Ad Serving Excellence!
Over 30,000 sites have relied on AdvertServe since 1998. That is why we have heavily invested in global data centers, DNS, and CDN along with AI-powered monitoring and self-healing software to provide a guarantee of 99.995% uptime.

Don't fall into the free ad server trap. Consultants and developers are costly if you get stuck or need help implementing custom creatives. Unlimited technical support means our team is always on standby to help you achieve success for no additional charge.

Built-in support for video streaming and VAST/VPAID makes AdvertServe a complete video powerhouse and we're compatible with all major HTML5 video players.

Real-time reporting with reports that generate in seconds is a game changer. Just ask our clients. AdvertServe also goes beyond just views and clicks with 58 distinct metrics and includes IVT filtering to improve accuracy by blocking non-human activity.

 Fastest asynchronous ad tags
 99.995% uptime guaranteed
 Dozens of built-in ad formats
 Dynamic HTML5/VPAID creatives
 Third-party ad tags
 Real-time reporting
 White-label domains and UI
 Fully HTTPS/SSL compliant
 CDN included at no extra cost
 E-mail support
 Brand protection
 Contextual targeting
 Geographic targeting
 Weather targeting
 IVT filtering
 VAST/VPAID
 Video streaming
 RTB inventory backfilling
 Viewability measurement
 Complete API
 Wordpress and CMS compatible

Need a feature that we don't have? Our development team is always ready to tackle new projects and customizations. Contact sales to find out how we can help build what you need.

Start Your 45-Day Free Trial 

Copyright © 2025 by Renegade Internet, Inc.

Home
Tour
Features
Examples
Integration
Pricing
Contact Us
Free Trial
Blog
Developers
Facebook
LinkedIn
Referrals
Status Page
Twitter
User Manual
Acceptable Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
We use cookies to enhance user experiences on our website. Click on 'Manage' to review your preferences. OKAccept AllReject AllManage