Home +91 8208018414 yashna@adverttise.com Evooke Vortex Advertising Pvt Ltd Request a free Consultation home Advertiser Publisher Ad Formats Push Pop Video Banner / Display Search Native Interstitial Exit traffic CTV / OTT FAQ's Contact Us LogIn DSP Login SSP Login Creative & Strategic Marketing Agency get started About Us We are a Global Advertising Network for user acquisition and programmatic media buying. At
                            Adverttise, we utilize cutting-edge technology to improve lead generation and revenue goals
                            for media buyers, affiliates, ad networks, and publishers, guaranteeing successful results.
                            Our outstanding performance solutions offer actionable analytics, enabling you to track your
                            results in real-time and gain valuable insights into your advertising effectiveness. Our
                            state-of-the-art advertising technology features campaign budget fraud protection and
                            ad-block circumvention to optimize earnings. Furthermore, our smart optimization tools and
                            automated monetization tags handle the intricate tasks for you. Our Remarkable Statistics 150 + DSPs 220 + SSPs 1.5 M QPS Bids Processed Our Offerings XML/JSON integration XML / JSON is mainly used for text-based, non-display-oriented ads, meaning pops,
                                    push notifications, calendar push notifications and native ads. XML / JSON may serve images, for example, with native ads or push ads, but
                                     mainly it's known for being the best method for serving popunder ads and pop ads. Read More OpenRTB intergration Facilitates smooth real-time bidding, guaranteeing ideal ad
                                    positioning and enhancing revenue through automated auction processes. Read More Search Monetization Enhances search outcomes to increase advertising revenue through the
                                    efficient monetization of search queries. Read More Direct Link integration It is a method of sending traffic directly to an advertiser's
                                    landing page from a publisher's website or content. In which your pixels, tags, and
                                    API tokens at the account level for the majority of ad networks. Our system will
                                    utilize this information to seamlessly integrate conversion data into the ad network
                                    whenever it identifies a pertinent click ID within the subid parameter of the
                                    conversion. Read More contextual targeting Provides highly pertinent advertisements by assessing and aligning
                                    them with the webpage content in real time. Read More Real-Time data analytics Provides valuable insights and analytics to monitor and enhance the
                                    effectiveness of advertising campaigns, facilitating improved decision-making and
                                    return on investment. Read More Creative & Strategic Marketing Agency navigation home Advertiser Publisher Ad-Format Help Link Contact FAQ`s Get in Touch Office No. 2102, Mountain Breez CHS 21st Floor, Powai Mumbai - 400076 +91 8208018414 yashna@adverttise.com Evooke Vortex Advertising Private Limited & 2024 All Right Reserved Designed By MTIS