AdventHealth | A Leader in Whole-Person Health Care Skip to main content Close Notice of Data Incident Oracle Health Electronic Health Records Affected Learn More about past patient records that may be affected by a 2025 security breach. Close Search Search My Account Menu Close Main Menu Search Search My Account Find Care Find Care Find Doctors Find a Doctor Schedule Care Appointment Schedule with Provider Urgent Care Video Visit Screening Mammogram Labs Request a Callback Find Locations Find Locations Find an AdventHealth Location View All Locations Emergency Rooms Urgent Care Hospitals Practices Imaging Centers Labs Services Careers Careers Career Opportunities Physician and APP Opportunities Nursing Opportunities All Clinical Roles Ancillary and Support Services Corporate Careers Financial Services About Us About Us About AdventHealth Who We Are Our Mission Our Foundation Our Partnerships Contact Us News and Blogs News and Blogs Stay Up to Date The AdventHealth Blog News and Stories Events Research and Innovation Medical Records Find Care Find Doctors Find a Doctor Schedule Care Appointment Schedule with Provider Urgent Care Video Visit Screening Mammogram Labs Request a Callback Find Locations Find an AdventHealth Location View All Locations Emergency Rooms Urgent Care Hospitals Practices Imaging Centers Labs Services Careers Career Opportunities Physician and APP Opportunities Nursing Opportunities All Clinical Roles Ancillary and Support Services Corporate Careers Financial Services About Us About AdventHealth Who We Are Our Mission Our Foundation Our Partnerships Contact Us News and Blogs Stay Up to Date The AdventHealth Blog News and Stories Events Research and Innovation Medical Records Feel Whole as a Way of Life Wholeness means balance — body, mind and spirit working together. The steps you take each day build health and fulfillment. With so much life to love, our team delivers award-winning care and support, so you can focus fully on what matters most. Find a Doctor Learn More Items Displayed in a List 3 items. To interact with these items, press Control-Option-Shift-Right Arrow Whole-Person Care At AdventHealth, we want to help you feel whole. Whether you’re visiting one of our hospitals, urgent care centers or medical practices, you’re more than a patient. Find Care Nationally Recognized Services Whole-person care means we look after your mind and spirit too. Our multidisciplinary approach revolves around you, so you're in expert hands at every step. Learn More About Our Services On-Demand Care in the AdventHealth App Our app makes care easier than ever. You can request an appointment, renew prescriptions, check on lab results and even see a provider from wherever you are. Take your health into your own hands. Log in to Your Account Find World-Class Care Close to Home With locations across the country, our nationally recognized network offers a wide range of services, including primary care, specialty care, urgent care, imaging, rehabilitation, home health and much more. You’ll find experts with the skill to heal and the compassion to care for you like family — all close to home. View All Locations 9 items. To interact with these items, press Control-Option-Shift-Right Arrow Colorado Georgia Kansas North Carolina Wisconsin Florida Illinois Kentucky Texas Wishing You a Healthy and Joyous Holiday Season From holiday travel tips to preventing mishaps big and small, we’ve got you covered as you celebrate the season with family and friends. May your holidays be filled with good health and great joy — and the reassurance that we’ll always be here if you need us. 5 items. To interact with these items, press Control-Option-Shift-Right Arrow. These items are in a slider. To advance slider forward, press Shift-Command-Right Arrow. To advance slider backward, press Shift-Command-Left Arrow. Blog Holiday Travel Made Easy: How to Stay Well During the Holidays October 23, 2025 Here are some tips on how to stay healthy and rested this season, so you can enjoy your holiday travels to the fullest. Read Article about "Holiday Travel Made Easy: How to Stay Well During the Holidays" Blog Most Common Holiday Mishaps and How to Avoid Them October 10, 2025 This holiday season, keep your family safe, healthy and out of the emergency room. Follow these tips for avoiding some of the most common holiday mishaps. Read Article about "Most Common Holiday Mishaps and How to Avoid Them" Blog Strategies for Mental Well-Being During the Holidays November 09, 2023 Learn why prioritizing your mental well-being is so important during the holidays. Read Article about "Strategies for Mental Well-Being During the Holidays" Blog 8 Healthy Holiday Nutrition Tips October 27, 2023 Discover eight tips to help you maintain weight loss and achieve your health and nutrition goals this holiday season. Read Article about "8 Healthy Holiday Nutrition Tips" Blog Holiday Tips for Kids with Sensory Processing Disorder October 14, 2022 For children with sensory processing disorder, or SPD, the holidays can be overwhelming. We’re here with holiday help for families who cope with SPD. Read Article about "Holiday Tips for Kids with Sensory Processing Disorder" View More Articles Specialties Designed With You in Mind Your health needs change over time. That's why we’re here to support you through every age and stage, from everyday wellness and preventive health care to lifesaving diagnostic services and innovative medical treatments. 9 items. To interact with these items, press Control-Option-Shift-Right Arrow Expand All Collapse All Bariatric and Weight Care Start being your best self today. We can help you reach and maintain a healthy weight while still living a full life. Learn More about "Bariatric and Weight Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Cancer Care We don’t just fight cancer. We lift spirits and support you throughout the diagnosis, treatment, and remission journey. Learn More about "Cancer Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Digestive Care We offer advanced care and treatment for everything from irritable bowel syndrome to gastrointestinal cancers. Learn More about "Digestive Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Emergency and Urgent Care When the unexpected happens, you need to act fast. Our caring team is here for you every day, at all hours. Learn More about "Emergency Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Heart and Vascular Care At AdventHealth, we’re focused on taking care of your heart and vascular care so you can keep putting your whole heart into everything you do. Learn More about "Heart and Vascular Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Men's Health Care It’s time to take charge of your whole health through disease prevention, early detection, proactive treatment, and collaborative care. Learn More about "Men's Health Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Orthopedic Care Relieving pain. Building strength. Regaining motion and stability. Our orthopedic experts are here to support you. Learn More about "Orthopedic Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Primary Care Your primary care physician knows the most about your whole health and can provide the care, or the referrals you need, throughout your whole life. Learn More about "Primary Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Women's Health Care Changing needs. Consistent and complete care. Every woman deserves to live her best life at every life stage. Learn More about "Women's Health Care" at AdventHealth Find Doctors Expand All Collapse All Shaping The Future With Clinical Research Inside our research institutes, we’re making new discoveries in medical care and giving patients renewed hope every single day. It’s what makes us world leaders in clinical-trial research. Learn More about "Clinical Research" Your Legal Protection From Balance Billing When you get emergency care or are treated by an out-of-network provider at an in-network hospital or ambulatory surgical center, you’re protected from surprise billing — also known as balance billing. Learn more about your rights and the federal No Surprises Act. Learn More about "Balance Billing " More About AdventHealth 9 items. To interact with these items, press Control-Option-Shift-Right Arrow Who We Are Medical Services Find Doctors Research and Innovation Find Location Patient Resources Our Partnerships News and Stories Blogs Quick Links 6 items. To interact with these items, press Control-Option-Shift-Right Arrow Financial Services Price Transparency Schedule Appointment Video Visits Contact Us Medical Records Information About 16 items. To interact with these items, press Control-Option-Shift-Right Arrow Careers Nursing Careers Mission and History Foundation Community Benefit CREATION Life Patient Safety Legal Employees Physician Portal Vendor Supplier Resources Privacy Policy Patient Privacy - HIPAA Patient Rights and Responsibilities Financial Assistance Patient Nondiscrimination Social 6 items. To interact with these items, press Control-Option-Shift-Right Arrow Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube Our website uses cookies. Please review our privacy policy to find out more about the cookies we use. Browsing our website means you accept these terms. Accept