Advisory Board Your Choice Regarding Extending Session on this Site You may be receiving this error message if you are logged out. Be sure to log into your account to access the resources. Auto logout in seconds. Continue Logout Today's Updates VBC success is possible. Here's how. — Get our latest insights and exclusive case studies. Podcast Ep. 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 Webinar The state of the industry: Key insights for 2026 Tools Use Advisory Board tools to inform your strategy for growth, cost control, and more. Timeline Track the latest Healthcare Policy Updates Daily Briefing Join 165,000+ healthcare leaders and get the industry’s most important news in your inbox—every day. Previous news Next news Account Settings Logout Sign In Create Account Become a Member Manage Account Logout Manage Account Logout Become a Member FEATURED INSIGHTS Nursing Post-election coverage Provider operations Site-of-care shifts Specialty care State of the healthcare industry Value-based care View all featured insights RESOURCES BY SECTOR Digital health Health plans Hospitals and health systems Medical device Physicians and medical groups Professional services View all sectors NEWS & INSIGHTS Daily Briefing Radio Advisory Advisory Board tools PRODUCTS & SERVICES Research Membership Custom Research Events Expert Support Advisory Board Fellowship On-Demand Courses Sponsorship FEATURED CONTENT Expert Insight Site-of-care shifts: Healthcare’s $50B opportunity Understand the current state of outpatient shift, how it's likely to change your market, and how to use it for growth. AskAdvisory Our direct-to-expert service is here to help you navigate your membership, our research, and your most pressing challenges in healthcare. No question is too big or too small. February 28, 2023 Our Research Care Delivery Ambulatory care Behavioral health Cardiovascular Oncology Pharmacy Population health Post-acute care Service lines and specialty care Weight management and obesity care Women's health Learn more Strategy Consumer trends Finance Health plan strategy Healthcare policy updates Hospital and health system trends International Market trends and growth strategy Site-of-care shifts State of the healthcare industry Value-based care Staffing & Operations Facility planning Leadership Nursing Philanthropy Physicians and medical groups Provider operations Sales enablement Workforce Technology & Innovation Artificial intelligence Digital access and experience Digital health Medical device Pharmaceutical Telehealth LATEST RESEARCH 3 trends shaping healthcare in 2026 (and how to respond) The road ahead for hospitals: Financial insights that could shape 2026 What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 More latest research STAY IN THE KNOW Daily Briefing A must-read daily newsletter for thousands of healthcare executives across the nation. Radio Advisory A podcast providing your weekly download on how to untangle healthcare's most pressing challenges. New episodes drop every Tuesday. Tools FORECASTING & DEMAND Market Scenario Planner Demographic Profiler Clinician Supply Profiler Cancer Incidence Estimator COMPETITION & MARKET SHARE Medicare Market Explorer Health Care Facility Quickview Map Health Plan Market Explorer PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT & BENCHMARKING Care Variation Reduction Assessment Hospital Benchmark Generator Hospital Performance Profiler POST-ACUTE CARE & NETWORK DESIGN Post-Acute Care Pathways Explorer Home Health Performance Profiler Home Health Benchmark Generator Skilled Nursing Facility Benchmark Generator Skilled Nursing Facility Performance Profiler See all tools Events & Webinars ADVISORY BOARD EVENTS In-person and virtual experiences to learn from the best in the healthcare industry and network with your peers. Upcoming Events: March 31 ❘ Cardiovascular Roundtable: Tactics for sustainable procedure growth ❘ Virtual May 04 ❘ Advisory Board 2026 Summit: Washington, D.C. ❘ In-Person June 02 ❘ Advisory Board 2026 Summit: Carlsbad, CA ❘ In-Person October 13 ❘ Advisory Board 2026 Summit: Chicago, IL ❘ In-Person See all events WEBINARS Join your peers to learn the latest insights in our live and recorded webinars. Upcoming Webinars: January 08 ❘ State of the Industry: Protecting access amid funding cuts January 13 ❘ Orthopedic market trends January 15 ❘ State of the Industry: Managing spend amid rising costs January 27 ❘ How to embrace a proactive (not reactive) approach to change See all upcoming and on-demand webinars Products & Services Research Membership Access to insights, resources, and tools designed to address the healthcare industry's most pressing challenges. Research & Insights Data & Analytical Planning Tools Webinars Expert Conversations ASKADVISORY Our direct-to-expert service is here to help you navigate your membership, our research, and your most pressing challenges in healthcare. No question is too big or too small. Custom Research Original research into the topics you care about most, conducted the Advisory Board way. Expert Support Connections to healthcare experts that help break through challenges and identify the most pressing opportunities. Advisory Board Fellowship An immersive leadership practice ground, empowering leaders to make progress on organizational challenges. Events & Roundtables In-person and virtual experiences designed to deliver crucial healthcare information and foster meaningful connections with peers and industry experts. Webinars Join our expert-led webinars to get the latest insights on topics such as the state of the industry, value-based care, health system strategy, specialty care market trends, and more. Sponsorship Thought leadership opportunities to elevate your brand, showcase your expertise, and engage with key decision-makers. See all Products & Services About Us ADVISORY BOARD We help leaders and future leaders in the healthcare industry work smarter and faster by providing provocative insights, actionable strategies, and practical tools to support execution. Learn more about us Who We Serve We empower our members, and the entire healthcare industry, to confidently reimagine healthcare with breakthrough insights that open minds and inspire action. OUR HISTORY Advisory Board has changed a lot over its 40-year history, but what has not changed is our commitment to addressing tough questions with unbiased, disciplined research. OUR EXPERTS Our team of 200+ curious researchers work full time to uncover the insights that you need to know and the solutions that will work. CAREERS Join us to improve the lives of others while doing your life's best work. Questions? AskAdvisory How policy changes will impact your bottom line Health system finances are at risk of disruption in today’s policy environment. Our scenario planning advice details a three-step approach to help leaders anticipate and adapt to regulatory changes. More on health policy Healthcare policy updates timeline Stay on top of the latest developments with bi-weekly timeline featuring major news stories, expert insights from healthcare leaders, and recent Advisory Board work. The state of the healthcare industry in 2026 In this three-part webinar series, Advisory Board and Optum experts break down the healthcare dynamics that are shifting in 2026, explain what's driving them, and show leaders how to respond with clarity and purpose. Insights by Sector Hospitals and health systems Health plans Digital health Physician and medical groups Medical device Pharmaceutical See other sectors Expert Insight 3 trends shaping healthcare in 2026 (and how to respond) Advisory Board and Optum experts break down the changes in healthcare access, spend management, and care decision-making. Learn about what’s driving these developments and how leaders can respond. Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Show More Expert Insight 3 trends shaping healthcare in 2026 (and how to respond) Advisory Board and Optum experts break down the changes in healthcare access, spend management, and care decision-making. Learn about what’s driving these developments and how leaders can respond. Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Show More Expert Insight 3 trends shaping healthcare in 2026 (and how to respond) Advisory Board and Optum experts break down the changes in healthcare access, spend management, and care decision-making. Learn about what’s driving these developments and how leaders can respond. Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Show More Expert Insight 3 trends shaping healthcare in 2026 (and how to respond) Advisory Board and Optum experts break down the changes in healthcare access, spend management, and care decision-making. Learn about what’s driving these developments and how leaders can respond. Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Show More Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Expert Insight Survey insights: 3 health system purchasing priorities Health systems are rethinking how they purchase drugs, devices, and supplies. Uncover the top priorities shaping their decisions and how vendors can adapt to stay ahead. Show More Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Expert Insight Survey insights: 3 health system purchasing priorities Health systems are rethinking how they purchase drugs, devices, and supplies. Uncover the top priorities shaping their decisions and how vendors can adapt to stay ahead. Show More Employers Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Expert Insight How will the IPPS final rule impact your MS-DRG payments? Discover how the Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) final rule impacts hospital payment rates by individual provider, geographic region, and service line. Show More Facility design and operations Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Expert Insight How will the IPPS final rule impact your MS-DRG payments? Discover how the Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) final rule impacts hospital payment rates by individual provider, geographic region, and service line. Show More International Case Study Western Health’s 4-step approach to reducing nurse workloads Learn how Western Health successfully ceded authority over transforming the frontline workload to nurses, resulting in a significant decrease in adverse incidents and missed elements of care. Expert Insight Cybersecurity in healthcare demands resiliency, not reactivity Healthcare organizations must adopt cyber-resilience to effectively handle constant cyber threats. With systems highly interconnected, a breach in one can impact many, disrupting patient care. Proactive strategies, continuity planning, and learning from past incidents are crucial for enduring and recovering from cyberattacks while protecting sensitive patient information. Expert Insight AI could be the key to harnessing the power of big data in healthcare Big data has the potential to revolutionize healthcare — but without the right tools, it remains untapped. Discover how artificial intelligence (AI) technologies are rapidly evolving to extract meaningful insights from complex healthcare data, and how the industry can collectively set the foundation for responsible and ethical AI models. Show More Pharmacy, diagnostics, and lab Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Expert Insight How will the IPPS final rule impact your MS-DRG payments? Discover how the Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) final rule impacts hospital payment rates by individual provider, geographic region, and service line. Show More Post-acute care providers Expert Insight 3 trends shaping healthcare in 2026 (and how to respond) Advisory Board and Optum experts break down the changes in healthcare access, spend management, and care decision-making. Learn about what’s driving these developments and how leaders can respond. Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Show More Professional services Expert Insight What healthcare leaders are prioritizing in 2026 Each year, Advisory Board surveys hundreds of healthcare stakeholders to understand their evolving priorities. Dive into the five main takeaways to see how these trends will impact healthcare strategy. Podcast 280: The questions Advisory Board is asking in 2026 As we look ahead to 2026, hear six Advisory Board researchers share what they’re studying in the new year, and why it matters. Expert Insight How will the IPPS final rule impact your MS-DRG payments? Discover how the Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) final rule impacts hospital payment rates by individual provider, geographic region, and service line. Show More Data and analytics tool spotlight Ready-to-Use Resource See historical and future data in the enhanced Demographic Profiler See current and future demographics for your market, including age, race, gender, income, household structure, health behaviors, and more. Now, you can also access and export historical data for each metric for up to 5 years. Ready-to-Use Resource Find your next opportunity with the Market Scenario Planner Our most popular forecasting tool can project future patient utilization of services for any geographic region and model the impact of five key drivers of change that best reflect specific markets. Ready-to-Use Resource Get market-level supply data using the Clinician Supply Profiler See which physician specialties are relatively under- or oversupplied in your market compared to different health referral regions to make more informed specialty investment decisions. Have a question for us? AskAdvisory can help connect you with our research, our experts and understanding your membership. Try AskAdvisory now Our Products & Services Research Membership Data-driven, actionable insights to inform decisions Learn from more than 200 Advisory Board experts Access over 300 new research deliverables each year Leverage our forecasting tools to support strategic planning Learn more Custom Research Insight-driven answers and tailored guidance Get actionable insights, contextualized to your organization's challenges and priorities Inform your strategy with top emerging market and industry trends Request extensive research across topics that span the entire healthcare ecosystem Learn more Advisory Board Events Opportunities to network, learn, and grow your expertise Experience agendas aligned to your team's greatest challenges Tackle market challenges by collaborating with cross-sector research experts Connect and network with leading healthcare decision-makers Learn more Expert Support Expert advice and actionable guidance for healthcare executives Host insightful presentations for your teams or customers across relevant topics Get individualized support from our experts Overcome hurdles and energize stalled projects with workshops led by our experts Learn more Advisory Board Fellowship Enterprise Leadership solution to equip leaders to thrive in complexity Implement strategic leadership shifts proven to drive business outcomes more effectively Get support on critical priorities from diverse industry peers and executive coaches Expand personal and team capacity to address persistent challenges Learn more Sponsorship Opportunities to showcase your brand, product, and expertise Leverage our tools, tactics, and distribution channels to engage target audiences Grow your brand awareness Generate leads for your organization Learn more Together we can make healthcare better Learn more OUR MISSION At Advisory Board, we excel at digging into the areas in healthcare that desperately need progress, distilling the complex into simple, powerful insights that open minds and inspire action. For over 40 years, our experts have embedded themselves in all aspects of the industry to understand the issues healthcare leaders face firsthand and develop implementable solutions that take the full continuum of care into consideration. When a group of people unite around a shared passion and pursuit for making healthcare work better, driving progress isn’t just the goal. It’s the inevitable. Join us. Let’s reimagine healthcare, together. Learn more . 40+ Years 4,500+ Partners 200+ Experts 42,500 Original Articles We help leaders and future leaders in the healthcare industry work smarter and faster by providing provocative insights, actionable strategies, and practical tools to support execution. Research & Events Latest research Daily Briefing Radio Advisory Events Search Company About us Our history Products Sponsorship Careers Support AskAdvisory Contact us Social Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Don't miss out on the latest Advisory Board insights Create your free account to access 1 resource, including the latest research and webinars. Create Account Sign in to your account Want access without creating an account? Get Limited Access You have 1 free members-only resource remaining this month. View this resource 1 free members-only resources remaining Become a Member 1 free members-only resources remaining Create Account You've reached your limit of free insights Become a member to access all of Advisory Board's resources, events, and experts Never miss out on the latest innovative health care content tailored to you. Become a Member Benefits include: Unlimited access to research and resources Member-only access to events and trainings Expert-led consultation and facilitation The latest content delivered to your inbox Become a Member You've reached your limit of free insights Become a member to access all of Advisory Board's resources, events, and experts Never miss out on the latest innovative health care content tailored to you. Create Account Become a Member Benefits include: Unlimited access to research and resources Member-only access to events and trainings Expert-led consultation and facilitation The latest content delivered to your inbox This content is available through your Curated Research partnership with Advisory Board. Click on ‘view this resource’ to read the full piece View this resource Email ask@advisory.com to learn more Click on ‘Become a Member’ to learn about the benefits of a Full-Access partnership with Advisory Board Never miss out on the latest innovative health care content tailored to you. Become a Member Benefits Include: Unlimited access to research and resources Member-only access to events and trainings Expert-led consultation and facilitation The latest content delivered to your inbox Become a Member This is for members only. Learn more. Click on ‘Become a Member’ to learn about the benefits of a Full-Access partnership with Advisory Board Never miss out on the latest innovative health care content tailored to you. Become a Member Benefits Include: Unlimited access to research and resources Member-only access to events and trainings Expert-led consultation and facilitation The latest content delivered to your inbox Become a Member You Session Is Expiring Your session is about to expire. Click continue to stay logged in. Auto logout in seconds. Continue Logout Thank you! Your updates have been made successfully. Oh no! There was a problem with your request. Error in form submission. Please try again.