AEBC Internet - Reliable Home Internet & TV Provider AEBC Internet Corp. Menu Home Network Services IPTV Services Support FAQs Company Great News! AEBC has now partnered with GETUS Merging Strengths: AEBC Partners with GETUS Communications for Expanded Service Excellence As part of our continuous commitment to providing outstanding internet service, we are thrilled to announce a groundbreaking partnership with GETUS Communications. This strategic alliance is poised to enhance your online experience, combining AEBC’s robust infrastructure with GETUS’s exceptional customer service. CLICK HERE TO LEARN HOW OUR PARTNERSHIP BENEFITS YOU IPTV Service Provider Modern IPTV Features. Pay-per-channels. Over 250 HD plus 60 SD TV Channels Looking around for the right TV service provider for you? AEBC has something for TV lovers out there. Watch movies, TV shows, important local news, sports, family, and kids’ shows when you want. TV PACKAGES High-speed Internet Provider We Provide Lightning Fast and Reliable Internet at Lowest price. Enjoy the freedom to stream videos and music without buffering, a stable, secure connection for working from home and/or schooling your children and ultra-fast connection that lets you enjoy your games without delay. INTERNET PLANS We're excited to share some news with you! AEBC Internet Corp has partnered with Getus Communication, a move that will bring you even better service and support and extended products. Starting now, Getus will handle sales, billing, and support for AEBC customers. This means faster support, easier billing, and enhanced services for you. Rest assured, AEBC will continue to ensure the stability and performance of your internet connection as a TV and network operator. Thank you for your continued trust and support. For service, new sales inquiries, or if you have any questions, please reach out to us: EMAIL US CALL US VISIT GETUS AEBC Network Service Professional Network Management for Residential & Commercial Internet Providers INTERNET PLANS CipherTV IPTV Service Live TV streams, Video on Demand, Replay with  Over 300 plus TV Channels. TV PACKAGES AEBC Fibre Connected Cities AEBC has been partnering with municipalities to better leverage their fiber optic infrastructures to bring a foundation of new innovation and commercial value to city business and technology sectors. Interested in partnering with AEBC to connect your city or community? CONNECTED COMMUNITIES AEBC Customer Reviews Thank you very much for being so reasonable and continuing to offer us the excellent service we’ve come to expect for the last 15 or so years. Brenda Toews Hi! I’ve been a user of your service for a couple of months now and just love it! Especially for the cool retro channels not otherwise available to Canadians, namely Antenna TV and the more recent addition of Cozi TV – that is just awesome! Keep up the good work! Cheers. Pete Harry I have zero problem with AEBC once it’s installed. It runs as it promised. Never had a down time. It’s good value if you’re looking for save money. Noah Wang Works like a charm. Setup was easy and the modem arrived by post. Speeds are very stable. I don’t ever have to call or email for support, it just works well. Jaisoun I am using AEBC for just over 7 months now, overall the services had been stable.(1-2 down times and sometime may be slower in peek hours). The front end customer services is great, the ladies up front may be a bit green but any company will go through these phases, as long as both sides willing to work things out and I have no issue. Al Lim Stable internet and Good speed. I just connected cable to their free modem and the internet was set automatically. Thank You! Majid Plug it in and it works.. And so cheap.. Love it. Lise Bourbonnais Good tech support. I emailed them when I have a problem and they email me back. Kris R Summary Service Type Internet, TV and Phone Provider Name B11 - 970 Burrard Street , Vancouver , BC, Canada , V6Z 2R4 - Telephone No.6042881088 Area BC and Alberta Description AEBC Internet Corporation is an ISP providing high speed internet and TV packages for over 10 years. Order residential Cable or DSL internet anywhere in BC or Alberta, and combine with our VOIP phone and TV packages for ultimate savings. AEBC provides unlimited internet usage for our residential users, and great savings on month-to-month plans. Choose AEBC for quality engineered services and friendly, live support at a price you can afford. AEBC Internet and GETUS Communications have merged. For services and end user support, please visit GETUS Communications. getus.ca ©2024 AEBC Internet Corp – Connecting the Future. Menu CRTC License Complaints Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy