Home | American Foundation for the Blind Skip to content Home A- A + Search Donate menu About AFB Strategic Plan Annual Report & Financials History Leadership Contact AFB Research & Initiatives Public Policy Research Education Employment Aging Statistical Snapshots AFB Research Fellowship Take Action! Digital Inclusion Digital Accessibility Internships Accessibility Resources Talent Lab Tech Notes Blog Professional Services About AFB Professional Services Our Services Digital Accessibility Services Applied Research Services Case Studies News & Publications Press Room Media Studio Newsletters AFB Blog AccessWorld FOCUS on AFB Newsletter Journal of Visual Impairment & Blindness Blindness & Low Vision Eye Conditions Braille Using Technology Disability Rights & Laws Get Involved Ways to Give Events Annual Conference & Awards AFB Scholars Program Search Donate Time Is Running Out! Make Your 2025 Gift Today This is your last chance to make a tax-deductible gift in 2025. Every donation drives lasting change for people who are blind or low vision. Don’t wait – give before midnight on December 31. Donate Before Midnight Applications Open AFB’s Digital Accessibility Bootcamp is a three-month summer experience offering computer science students the opportunity to learn how to design and build digital solutions that break down barriers, ensuring that everyone, regardless of ability, can fully engage with the digital landscape. Learn More About the Bootcamp » Learn About Our Priorities Education We speak up for children who are blind or visually impaired, to make sure every student has an equal opportunity to succeed. Employment Through research, education, and advocacy, we're changing the way employers see job seekers who are blind or low vision. Aging For the growing number of older adults who are losing their sight, we seek to transform aging services and support. News and Events AFB Artificial Intelligence Survey As part of its ongoing research into the impact of artificial intelligence, AFB’s Public Policy and Research Institute (PPRI) recently sought feedback on how AI is shaping daily life for people with and without disabilities. This input will inform the next phase of PPRI’s research study, which will be released in early 2026. Sign up for Research Updates Check Out AFB's First AI Study AFB Releases New Film, Unseen Horizons On August 26th, 2025, in Huntington, WV, AFB premiered its new documentary short, Unseen Horizons ,  featuring the stories of six blind and low vision West Virginians. Their stories highlight a common spirit we share in the pursuit of independence and inclusion. Learn More About Unseen Horizons Watch Unseen Horizons AFB Research Webinar Series AFB’s Public Policy & Research Institute presents topical findings from AFB research in conversation with scholars, advocates, and practitioners, offering an action-oriented perspective on how to effectively use research to expand access and opportunity. Find Past or Upcoming Webinars Watch Our Most Recent Webinar Recording Research & Initiatives Barriers to Digital Inclusion 2 Following the Barriers to Digital Inclusion Survey released in April 2023, AFB conducted a second study, Barriers to Digital Inclusion 2, to take a more in-depth look at blind and low-vision people’s digital experiences in real time. Read the BDIS 2 Report Now Download the Complete BDIS 2 Report AFB Introduces Toolkit for HR Professionals and Hiring Managers In response to AFB’s study last year on the challenges job seekers who are blind or have low vision face toward closing the opportunity gap, our Public Policy & Research Institute has prepared a helpful toolkit for HR professionals and hiring managers. Read the Toolkit Now AFB Launches Research Refresh AFB’s Public Policy and Research Institute (PPRI) has prepared a wide range of research summaries and fact sheets intended to convey AFB’s research to a broad audience. These helpful tools are intended to further knowledge on issues impacting people who are blind through spotlighting AFB’s extensive research over the years. Check Out AFB's Research Resources Research Summaries Fact Sheets Stay Updated on AFB's Research Quick Links Helen Keller Activist, writer, hero… Visit the Helen Keller Archive Helen Keller Lesson Plans Read the latest issues of AFB's publications Whether it's technology news, research reports, or advocacy in action, let AFB keep you up-to-date on blindness and low vision. FOCUS on AFB AFB's 2024 Annual Report New on AFB's Blog A Review of Wicked Quest, a Halloween Themed Audio Only Game iOS and iPadOS 26 Accessibility Updates and New Features Describing Video using Google's Gemini  2.5 Take Action Today Partner with us Your organization can change the way the world sees blindness. Donate Most of our funding comes from individuals, not corporate sponsors. Your support is vital! Have questions? Contact our team members for assistance. AFB Home About AFB Research & Initiatives Digital Inclusion Professional Services News & Publications Blindness & Low Vision Get Involved AFB Blog AccessWorld Magazine FOCUS on AFB JVIB Helen Keller Archive Careers Contact Us Sign up for the AFB Newsletter Follow Us Partner Sites FamilyConnect® CareerConnect® VisionAware™ Braille Bug® © Copyright 2024 American Foundation for the Blind Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Site Map