Affiliate Future £ Blog | Support Centre | Contact Us Login Advertisers
                            > Publishers
                                > Register Home Advertisers Why AF What We Do AF Service Levels Publishers Why AF The Basics Agencies About AF Advertisers Open up your market. Find out more > Publishers Increase revenue from your website. Find out more > Agencies Grow sales & increase ROI. Find out more > Advertiser Boost online sales by expanding your customer reach. More > Apply Online> Publisher Increase revenue for your website by accessing a breadth of brands alongside niche
                        retailers. More > Sign Up Free> Agency Grow your client's online sales, whilst increasing the ROI. More > Contact Us> The AF Advantage With over 600 advertisers and 300,000 publishers our network has an unrivalled reach. At AF we pride ourselves on the personalised services we provide and our sector
                    specific account managers are highly trained to guide you all the way. Find out more > What Our Clients Say Jet2holidays "Affiliate marketing is a key part of our overall marketing mix & the account management
								team at AF have been integral in delivering such significant year-on-year growth.
								Their responsive & proactive nature has helped us meet tough targets." Singapore Airlines "Singapore Airlines saw its affiliate sales grow by over 100% in the first 6 months
                                of the programme going live on AF. We continue to see very positive results whilst
                                working closely with the AF team, who are very quick to address our queries and
                                provide support where necessary." Bensons for Beds "As the UK's number 1 bed retailer, Bensons for Beds have been working with AF since
                                2009. Our affiliate campaigns are now recognised as a key sales and performance
                                channel for the business. We have found the account management team to be second
                                to none, extremely professional & responsive, delivering insight, guidance & continued
                                success to the programme." Trespass "We have worked with AF for over 15 months now, since joining our affiliate channel 
								has grown month on month with it now being one of our biggest channels for web. 
								We have received amazing support from our affiliate manager, who has helped us every step of the way." What's New Enhanced Visual Reporting AF continues to improve usability of our platform. As a result of advertiser and
                            publisher feedback, 2015 has seen the launch of the AF dashboard, allowing you to
                            view all top line information on one screen. Expanding Travel Network AF is excited to announce that Cathay Pacific have just exclusively launched on
                            our platform. AF has always had a strong offering in the travel sector and we are
                            looking to continue this growth in 2015, supported by our specialist travel account
                            management team. Faster Payments Affiliate Future now pays publishers twice a month, in our ongoing commitment to
                            getting money to publishers quicker. More News From Our Blog > Twitter Contact Us Support Centre New Advertisers Urgent Enquiries Keep Updated ©Affiliate Future. All rights reserved. Standard House, 12-13 Essex Street, London, WC2R 3AA Privacy | Terms