Affiliate Content Optimization and Link Tracking Tool · Affilimate This app works best with JavaScript enabled. Home Features Integrations Pricing Demo Log in Get a demo Unlock your site's hidden affiliate revenue with content insights for publishers Affilimate helps you generate 2–10x revenue growth per article with optimization tools & content insights tailored for commerce content. Get started today Trusted by innovative publishers like Affilimate gives publishers the ability to truly maximize in-page affiliate performance. Add your networks, track your links, and grow your revenue from existing commerce content. Media companies Drive incremental revenue from existing content with in-page optimization tools and insights, designed specifically for business and editorial teams. Get a demo Professional creators Get the content insights and optimization tools every professional creator needs to unlock fast and systematic affiliate growth. Request early access Tap in to 2–10x revenue growth per article Affilimate gives you link-level visibility into your on-page performance, so you can discover lightweight improvements that multiply your affiliate RPM, EPC, and revenue. Affiliate Heatmaps Affiliate revenue attribution down to the pixel Discover exactly which affiliate links, buttons, images, and calls-to-action within your pages are driving conversions (and which aren't). Explore color-coded, link-level metrics presented in a simple way anyone can turn into an action plan. Then, multiply revenue from existing content by optimizing link placement, retailer selection, and get the leverage you need to negotiate higher commission rates. Visualize your conversions Content segmentation Create more profitable content based on top performing segments Benchmark performance between different content formats, product categories, target demographics and more. See which segments are driving the most revenue, or have the highest EPCs and RPMs. Create custom content types and tags, and apply them to your content portfolio without changing any links. Identify your most profitable content strategies in seconds. Create your segments Revision Tracking Track the impact of content updates on affiliate revenue Track how editorial changes affect affiliate revenue, click-through rate, and affiliate RPM and EPC on pages across your site, without manually setting up experiments each time. Generated automatically. Fits perfectly into your existing workflow. And scales effortlessly across your entire portfolio of content. Track your edits Content trends Monitor your content portfolio for revenue spikes and drops Use Affilimate's content analytics and revenue attribution to find which content and products generate the most revenue, across affiliate programs. View your content portfolio by the fastest growing or declining articles, so you can target which articles need updates today. Monitor your content Reporting & APIs Unified affiliate revenue reporting and publisher APIs Take all your detailed affiliate insights and roll them up into stunning charts and custom reports you can share. Expand into custom use cases with Affilimate's robust reporting APIs, that let you pull your data quickly and into internal systems like your data warehouse. Design your reports See how media companies like yours are achieving commerce clarity Book a 1:1 demo and see how Affilimate has helped hundreds of publishers across 1000+ sites scale their affiliate revenue and operations. Book a 20-minute demo Connect with us Meet the team at an upcoming event PI Live Europe London , UK Oct 22–23 CJU Santa Barbara , USA Sep 9–12 Affiliate Summit East New York City , USA Jul 31–Aug 1 Maximize your affiliate revenue with content insights for publishers Media companies Achieve the next level of commerce revenue growth with editor-friendly, on-page optimization tools. Book a demo Professional creators Get the insights and tools every professional creator needs to unlock fast and systematic affiliate growth. Request early access Platform Platform features Pricing Resources Pre-signup FAQs Log in Company Home Partners About Connect with us Follow on LinkedIn Contact Book a demo By Adaero Software Copyright © 2024 Imprint Privacy Policy