Affise: Affiliate Marketing Software & Partner Marketing Platform “App Market Media saw a 300% increase in Revenue with Affise. The сompany commits to generate efficient user-engagement strategies through performance-based models to ensure the maximum ROI for clients.” Tomas Foster CEO / Founder AppMarket Media Talk to a product expert Affise Reach To sign-in to Affise Reach, please click here . Don’t have a Reach account? Sign up here Affise Performance To sign-in to Affise Performance, please use your unique URL. Don’t have a Performance account? Sign up here Take your app to the next level with Affise MMP (Mobile Measurement Partner) Join Now ⚡ Book a demo Why Affise Platform All products Affise Performance Simplifying Partnerships with an All-In-One-Solution Mobile Attribution Mobile Measurement Partner Affise Reach for SaaS Partnerships, better together How 4.partners Reached 200K Monthly Installs in Just 6 Months with Affise Read case study! Products Affise Performance Simplifying Partnerships with an All-In-One-Solution Mobile Attribution Measure mobile performance Affise Reach Partnerships, better together Solutions Industries Features Dating Bringing love and profit to the dating business Travel Discover new horizons in the travel industry with Affise Ecommerce Drive more sales with partnerships Web3 Embrace Web3 possibilities through Affise Media Buying Embrace media buying efficiency with Affise Finance & Crypto Maximize your finance & crypto affiliate potential SaaS Unlimited customers growth with Affise Automate Offer Transfer CPAPI Analyse Performance DataFusion Mass Pay Affiliates Affise Pay iGaming Solutions For Affiliate Network For Operator Solutions Finance & Crypto Maximize your finance & crypto affiliate potential Ecommerce Drive more sales with partnerships Dating Bringing love and profit to the dating business SaaS Unlimited customers growth with Affise Travel Discover new horizons in the travel industry with Affise Web3 Embrace Web3 possibilities through Affise Media Buying Embrace media buying efficiency with Affise Datafusion CPAPI Affise Pay iGaming for Affiliate Network iGaming for Operator Pricing Partners Affise Referral Program Earn money by sending potential Affise customers Publisher? Join Affise Reach Have a traffic? Join Affiliate Marketplace in Affise Reach Affise Marketplace We are always looking for synergy Become a Certified Agency Apply here to have official Affise Certified Agency status Resources Compare Affise Alternatives Case Studies Blog Knowledge Hub Newsroom Affise Academy Sign in Book a demo English English 中文 Русский Español Português Affiliate Marketing Software for Performance Growth Effortlessly manage your partnerships, analyze and optimize marketing campaigns, and execute payments to your affiliates, maximizing your marketing ROI and driving measurable growth. Talk to an expert Free trial Trusted by 1,000+ happy customers worldwide Elevate Campaign Performance with Our Partner Marketing Platform Performance marketing For ad networks, media buying teams, marketing agencies & brands Mobile attribution For marketers, mobile application developers Affise iGaming For iGaming ad networks, operators and media buying teams Performance marketing Who need the comprehensive set of tools to manage, measure, analyze, drive engagement, and prevent fraud while scaling affiliate marketing campaigns. Ready to get started with Affise performance marketing? Talk to an expert Learn more Mobile attribution Who aim to understand effectiveness of mobile advertising campaigns and optimize their strategies to improve ROI, boost growth and user satisfaction. Ready to get started with Affise Attribution? Talk to an expert Learn more Affise iGaming Who need to manage partners, goals, commissions and payouts, optimize campaigns with custom built statistics and dashboards. For Affiliate Network Learn more For Operators Learn more Ready to get started with Affise iGaming? Talk to an expert Scale Partnerships with Our Award-Winning Partner Marketing Platform CR growth +38% App Market Media saw a 300% increase in Revenue with Affise. The сompany commits to generate efficient user-engagement strategies through performance-based models to ensure the maximum ROI for clients. Tomas Foster Chief Executive Officer / Founder AppMarket Media Read case study Increase in ROI +58% Affise is truly a leading software platform currently on the market. The set of tools onboard with the pricing policy as the cherry on top makes it unbeatable. Ako Gurjinyan CEO, AppricotAds Read case study Conversions per month +500K Affise gave us the confidence and freedom to test an unlimited number of campaigns, until we find our golden nuggets, without a single added cost to us. Ksenia Konovets Business Development Manager, Adstart Media Read case study Monthly impressions per offer 140M+ Affise has given us the tools we need to get the competitive edge. Our clients will be taking advantage of our high-quality user base resulting in increased ROAS every time. Brad Kormos Director of Business Development, ADXmaster Read case study Conversions per month 400k Affise is a comprehensive solution that offers a 360-degree range of services needed to start and scale a business. It is reliable, affordable and responsive to market changes and needs in a fastpaced industry. Amelian Rupa CEO, Amundro Read case study Increase in traffic $230K Usability of the interface, wide functionality at an adequate price and the ability to quickly set up all operational processes led us to the decision to cooperate with Affise Anna Sverdlovska Team Lead of Mobile Performance at GetApNGo LTD Read case study Increase in revenue +200% Affise allows us to track, measure, and analyze data while automating and scaling campaigns at a better rate. Tejas Rathod Co-Founder at Mobavenue Media Pvt. Ltd. Read case study Increase in conversion rate 750% When you’re working with Affise, their team becomes a part of yours. They are quick to respond and make sure your campaigns are set up for success. Emre Atalay Co-founder & CEO at BCN Monetize Read case study Award-winning Affiliate Marketing Software Trusted by Leaders 527M+ partner payouts generated with Affise in 2024 99.9999% uptime 1+ Trillion clicks processed monthly Book a demo AI-Powered Marketing Network Software with Real-Time Analytics Real-time analytics Imagine the power of knowing what drives your revenue, faster than your competitors. With real-time analytics, you gain immediate insights into market trends and consumer behavior, enabling proactive campaign adjustments. Streamline your marketing efforts With automated optimization tools you can streamline your marketing efforts, ensuring maximum efficiency and ROI. With integrated A/B tests you can refine your approach endlessly to ensure you always engage your audience with the most effective offer. GDPR & CCPA Compliant Affiliate Network Software The highest privacy standard in the industry GDPR & CCPA Compliant Affiliate Tracking Software Leading Mobile Attribution Software in 2026 At the end of 2025, mobile apps remain a core channel for user acquisition and … Read more Postback tracking demystified: why it’s the brain of affiliate marketing In affiliate marketing, where speed and precision can make or break a campaign, reliable tracking … Read more Small screens, big impact: how to win at mobile affiliate marketing In today’s hyper-connected world, mobile affiliate marketing has taken center stage. Smartphones are no longer … Read more Launch Your Affiliate Program in Minutes Get started for free and watch your results roll in! Free Trial Company About Culture Code Careers Contact Us Services Onboarding Datafusion CPAPI API Marketplace Customization Android SDK Resources Blog Knowledge Hub Case Studies Academy Press Referral Program GitHub Partnership Marketing ROI Calculator Affise Performance Docs Affise Reach Docs Affise MMP Docs Privacy Terms and Conditions of Use Privacy Policy User Agreement GDPR LGPD Compare Affise vs Everflow Affise vs Impact Affise vs iRev Affise vs Scaleo Affise vs Swaarm Affise vs Trackier Quick Links Careers Press Write for Affise! ©2025 Affise ® All rights reserved. 4.6 rating English English 中文 Русский Español Português Failure to give notice of registration can adversely affect the recovery of profits and damages in any infringement suit. 🍪 We use cookies on our site to ensure and enhance its functionality. With your permission, we would like to set cookies to help us analyze traffic. You can withdraw your consent anytime. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy . Agree Decline