Skip to main content
For shoppers
For businesses
How to useShop
Affirm Card™Help Center
Log in
Sign up
Check my purchasing power

Plan for more time to pay this holiday

Check everything off every wishlist, and give yourself the gift of more time to pay.

See the holiday deals
Check my purchasing power

No fees. Ever.

Buy now, pay later without any fees from Affirm. Your payments stay consistent, and you’ll see any interest up front.

Pay with confidence

Affirm keeps your information safe and your payments secure.

Check your plans worry-free

See what you can spend or explore plans without affecting your credit.

Pay how you want, wherever you want
Anywhere
Pay with Affirm wherever you go

The Affirm Card™ lets you shop online and in stores with the choice to pay in full or pay over time.

Explore the Affirm Card
In the app
Get offers picked for you

Find flexible options and 0% APR specials to use at millions of places—online and in the app.

Download the app
At checkout
Choose what works for your budget

You’ll know what you'll pay up front—no fine print.

See example plans
See what you can spend

Find out an estimate of how much you can spend with Affirm. Use your purchasing power all at once or for multiple purchases.

Check my purchasing power
Check out with Affirm on Apple Pay

Choose from personalized payment plans anywhere Apple Pay is accepted.

Try it now
Pay with Affirm anywhere. Right from your desktop.

Get the Affirm Google Chrome extension to discover exclusive offers and flexible payment options at your favorite online stores.

Try it now
Shop your favorite stores
4.9
1.4M+ App Store reviews
CONSUMERS
How it works
Affirm Card™
Affirm Money™
Help
FOR BUSINESSES
Get started
Solutions
Partner directory
For developers
Business support
ABOUT AFFIRM
About us
Careers
Investors
Press
Security
Affirm Cares
Diversity & inclusion

Payment options through Affirm are provided by these lending partners: affirm.com/lenders. Your rate will be 0%–36% APR based on credit, and is subject to an eligibility check. Affirm Pay in 4 payment option is 0% APR.

Options depend on your purchase amount, may vary by merchant, and may not be available in all states. A down payment may be required. For example, at a purchase price of $800 you could pay a down payment of $160 today, followed by 12 monthly payments of $57.77 at 15% APR or 4 interest-free payments of $200 every 2 weeks.

The Affirm Money™ Account is held with Cross River Bank (CRB), Member FDIC. Affirm is not a bank. FDIC insurance covers accounts held with CRB in the event CRB fails. California residents: Affirm Loan Services, LLC is licensed by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Loans are made or arranged pursuant to California Financing Law license 60DBO-111681.

The Affirm Card is a Visa® debit card issued by Evolve Bank & Trust (Evolve) or Stride Bank, N.A. (Stride), Members FDIC, pursuant to licenses from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Affirm is not a bank. FDIC insurance will only cover the failure of Evolve and/or Stride. Learn more. The Affirm Card is not available to residents of U.S. territories.

The one-time-use Affirm virtual card is issued by CRB, Sutton Bank, or Celtic Bank, Members FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Affirm, Inc., NMLS ID 1883087. Affirm Loan Services, LLC, NMLS ID 1479506. For licenses and disclosures, see affirm.com/licenses.

PrivacyYour Privacy ChoicesCookie PolicyTermsLicenses
© Affirm, Inc. All Rights Reserved.