Affiliate tracking software for your store - Affiliatly Home Pricing Register Login FAQ Contact Our goal Affiliate marketing program management made easy Register your account and set your own affiliate marketing program in just a few minutes Get Started Features Functionalities focused on your success We bring you a complete suite of features designed to cover all your needs and increase your sales Extensive Settings Control every aspect of the affiliate program from your admin dashboard. Multiple tracking methods Track your affiliates by email, link, coupon, QR. Manage Affiliates individually Manage each affiliate's account and earnings Quick setups Configure our tracking methods instantly so your affiliates get started in no time Gift cards Pay to your affiliates with store gift cards to enjoy your products Marketing Assets Upload banners and material for your affiliates to use on their promotions. Two tier Manage two tiers of benefits for your affiliates based on your conditions. Payments in bulk through PayPal Set up the PayPal integration and pay faster and easier. Measure performance and growth Check accurate statistics of leads, traffic, sales and performance comfortably from our dashboard. 12 Years Of Working Experience Non stopping development and refinement through 12 years of feedback and cooperation with our clients About Us Our experience, dedication and numbers bring you the best value 100 Registered Clients Join the many success stories we've had the privilege of helping to accomplish. 500000 Orders tracked per year It's all about the numbers and revenue. And we have what you need to get them. What are clients saying about us Integrations Working integrations with top of the line platforms Our custom integration process will also support your non listed platform Shopify BigCommerce WooCommerce SquareSpace Ecwid by Lightspeed Shoplazza Storeden Jumpseller Shift4Shop CrateJoy HikaShop Custom stores Price Our Pricing Plans Including a 90 days trial to make sure you're already making money from your program when you pay us. All features are available for all plans. Plans are based on the number of ACTIVE affiliates you have so you only pay more when you earn more. Starter $16.00 Up to 50 Affiliates Billed Monthly All features Register Now Advanced $24.00 Up to 200 Affiliates Billed Monthly All features Register Now Professional $39.00 Up to 500 Affiliates Billed Monthly All features Register Now Pro 1000 $59.00 Up to 1000 Affiliates Billed Monthly All features Register Now Pro 2500 $79.00 Up to 2500 Affiliates Billed Monthly All features Register Now Pro Unlimited $129.00 Unlimited Affiliates Billed Monthly All features Register Now * prices are without tax This is the total and final price of the plans. There are no hidden costs or additional charges and you can change your plan anytime. Contact us Do you have any questions? Contact us and we will sort out your issues or questions Contact us Now Programs directory Are you an affiliate? Our free affiliate programs directory offers top level listings from our clients, perfect for both new and experienced affiliate marketers . Our directory is filled with programs with high-income potential, excellent product selection, and access to reputable brands. See the programs directory Blog Recent Blog Post Check out the latest app updates and news in our blog 01 December, 2025 Development Update – Autumn 2025 Read More 6 July, 2025 Development update – First half of 2025 Read More 13 February, 2025 Development update – January 2025 Read More Subscribe Subscribe To Our Newsletter Our outstanding set of tools to get your affiliate marketing program running in minutes to help getting your business to the next level is just a few clicks away! Quick Links Home Register Login Our Affiliate program Some of our client's programs Customer Service Contact FAQ Blog Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Incident Response Policy DPA © 2014 - 2026 Developed by Overcode.bg. All Rights Reserved 2d3acc78e68ff7fbb60439209ddd92c0