Affinity | Professional Creative Software, Free for Everyone Product Discover Help Get Affinity Reduce motion Scroll down Keep scrolling Creative freedom (That’s actually free) All the design and photo editing tools you need in one app – for free. Download Affinity now on macOS or Windows. Sign up to download Sign up to download How can it be free? Check it out → An app that adapts to you, not the other way around Affinity comes with built-in Vector, Pixel, and Layout studios, but you’re not locked in. Rearrange panels and mix and match your favorite tools to build custom studios. You can save multiple setups, switch between them in a click, and even share with others or download theirs. It’s customization that flexes to your workflow. Vector Pixel Layout Customized Artists first → Reduce motion Creative freedom (That’s actually free) All the design and photo editing tools you need in one app – for free. Download Affinity now on macOS or Windows. Sign up to download Sign up to download How can it be free? Check it out → An app that adapts to you, not the other way around Affinity comes with built-in Vector, Pixel, and Layout studios, but you’re not locked in. Rearrange panels and mix and match your favorite tools to build custom studios. You can save multiple setups, switch between them in a click, and even share with others or download theirs. It’s customization that flexes to your workflow. Vector Pixel Layout Customized Artists first → One space to craft it all Expertly craft designs, edit your images, then lay it all out, without ever leaving your document. 1/5 A platform that can keep up with you Ultra fast, super smooth, and incredibly precise, Affinity keeps up with you when you need it most. Every adjustment, filter, and layer effect updates live, meaning you can see your work exactly how it will export and achieve pixel-perfect designs every time. 1/5 A platform that can keep up with you Ultra fast, super smooth, and incredibly precise, Affinity keeps up with you when you need it most. Every adjustment, filter, and layer effect updates live, meaning you can see your work exactly how it will export and achieve pixel-perfect designs every time. 2/5 No harm done Non-destructive editing keeps your original layers and files intact, giving you the peace of mind you need to be truly creative. No smart objects or workarounds. Stack edits, then tweak, erase, reorder, or remove them, without ever committing or flattening. 2/5 No harm done Non-destructive editing keeps your original layers and files intact, giving you the peace of mind you need to be truly creative. No smart objects or workarounds. Stack edits, then tweak, erase, reorder, or remove them, without ever committing or flattening. 3/5 Fully-fuelled photo editing From epic image composites to non-destructive RAW editing, Affinity has everything you need from your pro photo editing software. Learn more 3/5 Fully-fuelled photo editing Advanced retouching Touch up your images so fast and flawlessly, the edits are undetectable. Epic image compositing Start with a single image, end with a full-blown, multi-layered masterpiece. Full RAW editing Make precise RAW edits non-destructively, from first tweak to final export. Stacks, batch & macros Automate your workflow and save tons of time with these useful features, no plug-ins needed. 3/5 Fully-fuelled photo editing From epic image composites to non-destructive RAW editing, Affinity has everything you need from your pro photo editing software. Learn more Advanced retouching Touch up your images so fast and flawlessly, the edits are undetectable. Epic image compositing Start with a single image, end with a full-blown, multi-layered masterpiece. Full RAW editing Make precise RAW edits non-destructively, from first tweak to final export. Stacks, batch & macros Automate your workflow and save tons of time with these useful features, no plug-ins needed. 4/5 Advanced vector design Powerful enough to design a full UI system, yet fast enough to sketch out a logo idea mid-meeting, designing in Affinity just feels right. Learn more 4/5 Advanced vector design Curve editing Snap, reshape, and flow: Affinity’s curve editing tools are built for total control so you can sculpt every line with precision. Shapes Create and customize geometric elements using only one tool with Shape Builder. Gradients Create gradients that add depth, color, and texture to your designs with Affinity’s Fill Tool. Image trace From flat image to fully editable vectors, Affinity’s Image Trace gives you a clean, scalable foundation in seconds. 4/5 Advanced vector design Powerful enough to design a full UI system, yet fast enough to sketch out a logo idea mid-meeting, designing in Affinity just feels right. Learn more Curve editing Snap, reshape, and flow: Affinity’s curve editing tools are built for total control so you can sculpt every line with precision. Shapes Create and customize geometric elements using only one tool with Shape Builder. Gradients Create gradients that add depth, color, and texture to your designs with Affinity’s Fill Tool. Image trace From flat image to fully editable vectors, Affinity’s Image Trace gives you a clean, scalable foundation in seconds. 5/5 Page layout powerhouse Whether you're laying out a book, brochure, or multi-section report, Affinity helps you tackle even the most heavyweight publishing projects. Learn more 5/5 Page layout powerhouse Layout management Keep your layout aligned, consistent, and editable with Smart Master Pages, AutoFlow, document-wide style systems, column guides, and baseline grids. Advanced typography controls Craft every word with kerning, leading, line spacing, ligatures, artistic text, OpenType features, variable font support. Press-ready Set up docs with bleed and margins, run pre-flight checks, PDF/X export, color control, crop and registration marks. Data merge Flow spreadsheet or database content directly into your designs. 5/5 Page layout powerhouse Whether you're laying out a book, brochure, or multi-section report, Affinity helps you tackle even the most heavyweight publishing projects. Learn more Layout management Keep your layout aligned, consistent, and editable with Smart Master Pages, AutoFlow, document-wide style systems, column guides, and baseline grids. Advanced typography controls Craft every word with kerning, leading, line spacing, ligatures, artistic text, OpenType features, variable font support. Press-ready Set up docs with bleed and margins, run pre-flight checks, PDF/X export, color control, crop and registration marks. Data merge Flow spreadsheet or database content directly into your designs. Your PSDs are welcome here Import PSDs, AIs, IDMLs, DWGs, and other file types into Affinity, with structure, layers, and creative intent preserved. And because Affinity is free, collaborators can open and edit files without barriers. Get Affinity TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • TRUE CREATIVE FREEDOM • Made in Affinity “Affinity continues to push boundaries and proves once again that they are way ahead of the curve. Since its inception, Affinity has been committed to supporting creatives, and these new updates and features further solidify this commitment.” Sphelele “Ellsphee” Gumede Illustrator Made in Affinity “I know from having worked with Affinity quite closely over the years that it's a team of creatives dedicated to creating tools that are actually useful to me and other photographers." Ivan Weiss Portrait Photographer Made in Affinity “In an era of expensive subscriptions, Affinity has chosen to disrupt the industry. By offering Affinity for free, the landscape for creative professionals has changed forever.” Ally Anderson Affinity Revolution Made in Affinity “Affinity continues to push boundaries and proves once again that they are way ahead of the curve. Since its inception, Affinity has been committed to supporting creatives, and these new updates and features further solidify this commitment.” Sphelele “Ellsphee” Gumede Illustrator Made in Affinity “I know from having worked with Affinity quite closely over the years that it's a team of creatives dedicated to creating tools that are actually useful to me and other photographers." Ivan Weiss Portrait Photographer Made in Affinity “In an era of expensive subscriptions, Affinity has chosen to disrupt the industry. By offering Affinity for free, the landscape for creative professionals has changed forever.” Ally Anderson Affinity Revolution Zero bucks given Yes, Affinity really is free. You can use every tool in the Pixel, Vector, and Layout studios, plus all of the customization and export features, as much as you want, with no restrictions or payment needed. If you’re on a Canva premium plan, you’ll also be able to unlock Canva’s powerful AI tools within Affinity. Mac Fully optimized for macOS. Runs natively on Apple silicon and Intel. Sign up to download Sign up Windows Affinity runs fast even on mid-range machines, but loves a dedicated GPU. Sign up to download Sign up iPad We’re busy building our iPad version - stay tuned! Coming soon With Canva premium plans AI that respects your craft. Smart features, no fluff If you’re on a Canva premium plan, you can unlock powerful AI tools directly in Affinity, such as generative fill, background removal, image and vector generation. Every tool has been thoughtfully integrated to complement and support your creative workflow, not clutter it. Full control, all in one space Work in the Canva AI Studio, or bring AI tools into Pixel, Vector, and Layout — generate, adjust, edit, and finish without ever switching apps. Control over your content Your content in Affinity isn’t used to train AI features — we can’t access local files. For content you choose to upload to Canva, you’re in control. You can review and update your preferences any time in Canva settings. Learn more Affinity’s for people obsessed with craft, by people who respect it. Whether you geek out on mesh gradients or just love clean lines, it’s for you. See our mission Inspi r ed. a f By Matt Searston • 7 min read Pixel-perfect precision: The isometric art of David Wildish Stories By Matt Searston • 14 min read Illustrator Terri Lemire: ‘Affinity is my workhorse’ Stories By James Bates • 5 min read 10 easy ways to take your lettering to the next level Inspiration Stop renting software.  Move in here. Get Affinity Product Get Affinity Graphic design Photo editing Page layout Canva integrations Discover Inspire blog Press Help Help Center Affinity V2 Affinity V2 account Connect About Careers Contact Sales Product Get Affinity Graphic design Photo editing Page layout Canva integrations Discover Inspire blog Press Help Help Center Affinity V2 Affinity V2 account Connect About Careers Contact Sales English (US) English (US) Privacy Terms & Conditions © 2026 All Rights Reserved, Affinity