affLIFT - Most Active Premium Affiliate Community Forum Articles Link Directory Traffic Methods Already a member? Log in Join Now Learn about everything affiliate marketing in our affiliate marketing forum . Affiliate marketing is hard. Join affLIFT today to make it much easier with our traffic 
							source guides, campaign case studies, and the help of our amazing community! Join the Community 141,100+ Members 175,700+ Posts 650+ Companies Join thousands of other affiliate marketers all working
						to run successful affiliate campaigns! With our help and the premium content available in our forum, you are just a few clicks away from better affiliate marketing results 👇 Affiliate Marketing Guides Guides for everything affiliate marketing such as setting up a campaign on popular 
								traffic sources and using tracking software to optimize your campaigns. Case Studies Decrease your learning curve with our help! We're publishing case studies from our 
								successful campaigns to show you what we did to make them successful. Follow Along Campaigns Our forum is filled with Follow Along campaigns that members post that provide feedback
								on both what they're doing wrong and what they're doing right. Landing Page Examples Landing pages aren't always necessary, but we'll show you how to create and host your own 
								and recommend great landing page builders you can use if you don't know how to write code. Tracking Help We have support and tracking guides for every affiliate tracking software solution available 
								including BeMob, Voluum, Binom, RedTrack, PeerClick, Kintura, AdsBridge, ThriveTracker, CPV Lab Pro and more. Campaign Optimization Guides, case studies, and follow alongs on affLIFT will teach you how to analyze and optimize your 
								affiliate marketing campaigns so you can get the best ROI possible. Does That Sound Helpful? Join Today! A community that covers everything you need to know about affiliate marketing. We know that affiliate marketing is not easy. It is much easier when you have a group of
				like-minded people to help. Our goal with affLIFT is to provide you with that group of people
				and some great information to help. Our members are waiting in the forum for you! Popular Affiliate Topics Our goal is to provide you with open, friendly, and helpful discussions around everything related to affiliate marketing including these popular topics. Push Notification Traffic PPV Campaigns (Pops and Redirects) Tracking Affiliate Campaigns Building Landing Pages Affiliate Network Discussions View our Forum Affiliate Marketing Articles Besides the thousands of posts in our forum, we also publish new affiliate marketing articles that are available to everyone to read and learn from. AdPlexity vs Anstrex: Which Spy Works Best for You PureLander Affiliate Landing Page Builder Monetizer: Is it a Moneymaker or a Loser? Why Are My Affiliate Marketing Campaigns Failing? Here Are the Top 5 Beginner Mistakes. Don't Miss Out! 6 Reasons Why You Should Use A Spy Tool View More Articles Organized Affiliate Resources We have created an in-depth and organized directory of affiliate marketing resources with reviews to help you make educated decisions. Top Traffic Sources Tracking Tool Ratings Affiliate Network Reviews Affiliate Spy Tools Best Landing Pages Builders View the Link Directory Over 175,700 Helpful Messages in the Forum! We're the fastest growing premium affiliate marketing forum and the activity in our community is growing 
				every single day. We have had over 141,100 members register and there are 175,700+ messages in the forum. There are a lot of affiliate marketing tips and tricks posted throughout the forum that you can learn from. 🆕 Check out the Latest Posts I highly recommend affLIFT forum no matter if you're a beginner or already making money. 
								You will find a lot of useful information. Follow along campaigns are a really good way
								to learn and all members are friendly and helpful. I'm just a beginner but I have a feeling that affLIFT will get me to next level! @Aliusolesko (Alius) Becoming a Lifetime Member for the AffLift Community was a a no-brainer for me... 
								the insight's and access we get from the #1 Affiliate Manager and Director of Marketing 
								for one of the most trusted affiliate networks on the Internet is priceless. 
								Thanks Luke for creating this amazing forum, the support, and the resources that will allow 
								me to take my Affiliate Marketing skills to the next level and beyond! @Drew (Drew) Every person who wants to become a successful affiliate marketer has a steep learning 
								curve ahead. But there is no need to make costly mistakes if you can learn from marketing 
								experts that have already been there... Join affLIFT community and discover the power of hanging out with like-minded people. 
								See you inside! @GoAdsGo (Cristian) The Best Team in the Industry As affLIFT has grown over the past 5 years, we've continued to grow our team of Community Leaders to be able to provide more content and support for the community. We now have 8 Community Leaders from 8 different countries from all over the world! 🗺️ Luke ( @Luke ) Luke is the founder of affLIFT and the original Community Leader. He has been doing affiliate marketing for 22 years . His favorite ad format is pops and he currently lives in the United States . Servando ( @servandosilva ) Servando is a popular affiliate marketing blogger and was one of the first Community Leaders hired in August 2019. 
							He has been doing affiliate marketing for 11 years . 
							Servando is experienced in pops, Facebook traffic, and SEO . He currently lives in Mexico . Nick ( @Nick ) Nick (like Servando) is also popular affiliate marketing blogger and was one of the first Community Leaders hired in August 2019. 
							He has been doing affiliate marketing for 12 years . 
							His favorite traffic sources are pops, push, google, and fb . He currently lives in Germany . Jimmy ( @Jimmy ) Jimmy was hired in January 2020 as a Community Leader on affLIFT shortly after he joined the community because he showed great attention to detail. 
							He has been doing affiliate marketing for 4 years . 
							His favorite ad format is pops and he currently lives in Australia . Neil ( @Neil ) Neil was hired in May 2020 as a Community Leader on affLIFT because he proved to be very helpful to other members
							within the community. 
							He has been doing affiliate marketing for 5 years . 
							Neil loves the technical side of affiliate marketing . He currently lives in the United Kingdom . Akahma ( @Akahma ) Akahma was hired in January 2021 as a Community Leader on affLIFT because is always happy to help our members and 
							produces great content and guides. 
							He has been doing affiliate marketing for 5 years . 
							His favorite thing to do is research with spy tools and he currently lives in Egypt . Varun ( @Varun ) Varun was hired in April 2021 because he is one of the most knowledgable members of the community. 
							He has been doing affiliate marketing for 5 years . 
							His favorite ad formats are email, push, and native . He currently lives in Ireland . Dubravko ( @dood ) Dood was hired in January 2023 as the newest Community Leader on affLIFT because of his great communication skills and advanced affiliate marketing knowledge. He has been doing affiliate marketing for 5 years . Dood loves building optimization scripts and his favorite ad formats are pops and push . He currently lives in Croatia . An Affordable Premium Affiliate Forum Our competitors charge $99/month. We want to have a community that is accessible and affordable for everyone so we made it as cheap as possible. Monthly Subscription $20 Per month Premium Access Affiliate Guides Follow Alongs Case Studies Beginners Course Everything Else! Register and Subscribe EXCLUSIVE OFFER Lifetime Membership $350 For life Best Deal Premium Access Affiliate Guides Follow Alongs Case Studies Beginners Course Everything Else! Get Lifetime Membership Annual Subscription $200 2 Months FREE Premium Access Affiliate Guides Follow Alongs Case Studies Beginners Course Everything Else! Register and Subscribe Satisfaction Guaranteed : If you are not happy with the content and information on affLIFT
				we will happily refund you. A community to help give your affiliate marketing a LIFT. Join (it's FREE) and Upgrade Later 2018-2026 © affLIFT, LLC. All rights reserved. A community to help give your affiliate marketing a LIFT. affLIFT Home Affiliate Forum Traffic Methods Media Chat Example Threads Social Facebook Twitter Affiliate Marketing Link Directory Articles Support Contact Us Terms and Rules Privacy Policy [email protected]