Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Help using this website - Accessibility statement
Today's PaperMarkets DataEventsLists
Log in
Menu
Search
Newsfeed
Home
Companies
Markets
Street Talk
Politics
Policy
World
Property
Technology
Opinion
Wealth
Work & Careers
Life & Luxury
AUDUSD0.6693
-0.0021 (-0.32%)
SPI 2008,700.00
-17.00 (-0.20%)
S&P/ASX 2008,725.70
-37.00 (-0.42%)
ALL ORDS9,032.00
-37.00 (-0.41%)
NZX 504,895.59
-1.11 (-0.02%)
HANG SENG25,635.23
-183.70 (-0.71%)
NIKKEI50,526.92
-223.47 (-0.44%)
View all 
Succession planning
End of an era as ‘Godfather of Perth’ bows out

Kerry Stokes’ influence in Western Australia’s capital is well documented. But early next year, as he departs as chair of Seven West Media, will his power wane?

Chairman Stokes: The inside story of Seven (as told by the board)
Kerry Stokes faces Seven West shareholders one last time
Russia-Ukraine war
US has offered Ukraine 15-year security guarantee, says Zelensky

US security guarantees that had been confirmed by Congress would combine with pledges by European nations to form an effective protection for Ukraine

OpinionBondi shooting
Albanese’s Bondi shooting royal commission excuses are implausible

The reasons put forward by the government for rejecting such an inquiry are the same they used with COVID-19. It all reeks of political protection.

Bondi shooting
Test of faith: Inside Labor’s rethink after Bondi

Pollsters warn that while gun laws are popular, Labor risks a backlash if it ignores fears regarding migration and radical ideologies.

Defamation
Royel Otis star fails in bid to unmask anonymous Reddit accusers

Leroy Bressington, better known as Royel Maddell, had asked a US court to force the social media platform to hand over names, emails and other details.

Retail
Gift cards buoy sales as Boxing Day struggles with Black Friday’s rise

Gerry Harvey says vouchers given as Christmas gifts are seen as “free money”, with the Australian gift card industry now on track to double in value by 2028.

Investment banking
The challenges and upside tipped for equity capital markets in 2026

Bankers and investors see a robust pipeline for IPOs in 2026, but will fund managers warm to floats after a disappointing performance from the recent crop?

Australian economy
Are you ready for the experience economy?
Private credit
10 questions to sort private credit ‘cockroaches’ from kings in 2026
★★★½Review
Hugh Jackman, Kate Hudson lift corny Neil Diamond tribute
Business of sport
Cricket Australia, TV networks pray for sun in Sydney after Ashes pain
CHANTICLEER
How Macquarie’s Viktor Shvets’ dystopian portfolio smashed the market
The man flown in to make amends for the deals scandal of the year
ANZ is getting ahead of itself – again
SUMMER LONG READS
Why Australia’s only listed family office prefers working-class staff
Here’s what a top-50 CEO looks like
How to make your brain 5½ years younger
The gym supplement now being used to perform better at work
How the fertiliser king of WA grew a $5b fortune with no one noticing
The drover and the telephone operator who built a $1.4b fortune
EDITOR'S PICKS
Bondi shooting
‘I jumped on his back’: Bondi hero recounts disarming shooter

Ahmed al Ahmed, the man who disarmed one of the Bondi shooters during the Bondi terror attack, has delivered his first media interview.

OpinionTax reform
Stop tinkering, start serious tax reform in 2026

If the PM and treasurer want to be remembered for leading Australia’s next reforming government, their New Year’s resolutions should include tackling tax reform.

Energy transition
‘No backward steps’: Chris Bowen fights for his political legacy

At a difficult moment for Labor’s green transition, Climate and Energy Minister Chris Bowen has expanded his responsibilities. Will it come back to bite him?

Pacific diplomacy
China plies Vanuatu with gifts to foil Australian security deal

China has stepped up attempts to counter Australia’s efforts to lock it out of the Pacific by working to build goodwill in island countries.

Media & marketing
The breakthroughs that led to the AFR’s biggest stories of 2025

Our reporters take you beyond the headlines and behind the scenes to reveal how they broke some of this year’s standout stories.

Rear Window columnists Mark Di Stefano and Hannah Wootton look back on the action-packed year that was and ahead to what 2026 might bring.

Jetsetting, love scandals and hypocrites: Rear Window’s 2025

COMPANIES
Big four
Australia’s most powerful banker faces an uncertain future

Matt Comyn has extended his tenure at Commonwealth Bank and has a close relationship with the federal treasurer. But a fierce new era may decide his legacy.

Family business
Beyond the ale: Coopers 6th generation brews a new era

While most family empires crumble by the third generation, the Coopers are entering their sixth, armed with a new boss and a strict rulebook for the next heirs.

Inflation
The barrage of risks facing Australian superannuation in 2026

Australian Retirement Trust expects the RBA to hike rates in late 2026 as global “sticky inflation” becomes the new economic reality. But that’s not the only threat.

Investing
Waislitz ignites fresh battles after Pratt peace deal

Billionaire investor Alex Waislitz, having settled his long-running stoush with his former in-laws the Pratt family, has turned his attention to other fronts.

Media bargaining code
US tech lobby firms raise spectre of Trump in Albanese’s news levy

Groups representing Google, Meta, Amazon, Apple, Adobe, Microsoft and other US multinationals say the News Bargaining Incentive is a breach of free trade laws.

Agriculture
Cash cow: WA dairy booms thanks to billionaire Gina Rinehart’s backing

Bannister Downs, run by third generation dairy farmers, Suzanne and Mat Daubney, is the cream of the crop in a struggling industry.

Gas crisis
ConocoPhillips makes second gas strike in Victoria’s Otway Basin

News of a second gas strike comes amid worries that the federal government’s domestic gas reservation plan may undermine new projects.

SPONSORED
MARKETS
Nickel
Nickel price jumps as Indonesia signals big production cut

The sharp reduction in supply floated by officials in Jakarta comes months before BHP is set to decide the future of its local nickel operations.

UpdatedShares
ASX falls as tech weighs; DroneShield slumps but Star soars

The sharemarket fell 0.4 per cent, but Rio Tinto hit a record high, and Weebit Nano surged after signing a licence agreement with Texas Instruments.

Investment banking
What will it take to fire up a sluggish ASX listings market in 2026?

The pipeline for initial public offerings looks healthy going into the new year, but fund managers warn the prospect of higher interest rates poses a big risk.

Investment banking
The challenges and upside tipped for equity capital markets in 2026

Bankers and investors see a robust pipeline for IPOs in 2026, but will fund managers warm to floats after a disappointing performance from the recent crop?

OpinionWorld markets
Can you beat our experts’ 21 predictions for 2026?

Financial Review writers share their predictions for the new year – from artificial intelligence and interest rate rises to Donald Trump’s peace prize chances.

OPINION
Bondi shooting
As leaders of universities, we demand an antisemitism royal commission

The call for a royal commission made by former chief justice of the High Court of Australia, Robert French, is not only reasonable, but necessary.

Diane Smith-Gander and Amit Chakma

Contributor

Anthony Albanese
Albanese has no moral authority – he must call antisemitism royal commission

The belated admissions and half-hearted apologies for not doing more by the prime minister and other senior ministers are not nearly enough.

The AFR View

Editorial

Bondi shooting
After Bondi, we all must shatter Australia’s antisemitism silence

I’m withdrawing my energy from those who find my perspective too uncomfortable. From people who spread conspiracy and blood libel that’s turned Australia toxic.

Jessica Bowker

Writer

Bondi shooting
Neutrality is not an option after Bondi

From the events of October 7, 2023 to the recent Bondi shootings, the contempt for Jewish anxiety, particularly in progressive circles, has been the most painful.

Tamar Paluch

Contributor

Tax reform
Stop tinkering, start serious tax reform in 2026

If the PM and treasurer want to be remembered for leading Australia’s next reforming government, their New Year’s resolutions should include tackling tax reform.

Melissa Bray

Economist

Bondi shooting
Politics in 2026 the tale of a nation divided by richer and poorer

The main source of instability next year will be the wealthy getting wealthier and the less well-off drifting to the minor parties, writes John Black.

John Black

Election analyst

Reports

Wealth: Outlook for 2026

If you want a Christmas present that will last for years, think about getting your finances in shape for the new year.

Sponsored

  by NAB Private Wealth
View all 9 stories
6 charts ASX investors need to see before 2026

This year had its fair share of surprises for investors and has set the stage for a potentially tumultuous next 12 months.

What Gabrielle and 411,000 investors have in common

Exchange-traded funds continued to grow in 2025, chalking up the biggest increase in new investors since the COVID era boom as inflows to gold funds tripled, writes Lucy Dean.

4 ways to squeeze more into super in 2026

There’s still plenty of time to get your nest egg into shape this financial year. Here’s how.

POLITICS
Bondi shooting
‘Deal with antisemitism’: Julie Bishop joins calls for royal commission

Anthony Albanese has doubled down on his opposition to a federal royal commission into the Bondi terror attack and growing antisemitism despite mounting pressure.

Bondi shooting
Police to hold ‘extraordinary powers’ on New Year’s Eve: Minns

Police will carry long-armed rifles at and officers will be deployed on a massive scale as the NSW premier says he will not be making another security mistake.

ALP
Bondi families demand royal commission into terror attack

Heartbroken families who lost their loved ones in the Bondi terrorist attack have joined the growing calls for a federal royal commission into the tragedy.

WA Parliament
Ex-Labor powerbroker faces permanent brain damage from Perth bashing

Two premiers have offered support to the family of Tim Picton, a MinRes executive who remains critically injured from an alleged assault outside a nightclub.

Extreme weather
Australia makes list of 2025’s costliest climate events

Losses caused by ex-tropical cyclone Alfred were about $US1.2 billion ($1.8 billion), making it one of the world’s most economically catastrophic disasters.

WORLD
Space
It’s like a scene from Top Gun, but in space, as China fights US

Spacecraft operated by the world’s biggest competing militaries are jousting for supremacy amid rising tensions above Earth.

South China Sea
Taiwan on high alert as China launches major military drills

Taiwan vowed to defend itself after China started the drills, which will include live firing, over Washington’s largest ever arms sale to the island.

UpdatedRussia-Ukraine war
Trump lavishes praise on ‘generous’ Putin as peace deal edges closer

The US president also said he had a “terrific meeting” with Ukraine’s Volodymyr Zelensky but several “thorny” issues remained to achieving a peace deal.

Tennis
Sequins and farce: Kyrgios defeats Sabalenka in ‘Battle of the Sexes’

The match between the unfit Australian and the four-time grand slam champion had promised entertainment but spectacularly under-delivered.

Obituaries
Actress, activist and far-right provocateur Brigitte Bardot dies

The French film star and animal rights campaigner, who has died aged 91, had become known for expressing controversial views in recent years.

PROPERTY
Luxury property
Lawrence Myers sells $85m mansion to take Sydney’s 2025 trophy crown

James Packer’s lieutenant sold his lavish Rose Bay mansion just days out from Christmas in the harbour city’s priciest deal of the year.

Commercial real estate
Billionaire Lederer wins battle for control over $270m property fund

The white flag from fund manager Elanor ends a six-month tussle over a fund it runs. Meanwhile, Lederer is stepping up his involvement in commercial property.

Industrial
Amazon will get its giant warehouse, two years later than planned

The ecommerce giant and developer ESR have finalised an agreement with contractor Multiplex to take over the 209,000-square metre Craigieburn project.

Commercial real estate
Lendlease gearing to surge on settlement delays from asset sales

The property investor and developer has a lot of work to do to get net debt back down to its target of 15 per cent by financial year-end.

Hotels
Blackstone acquires Queensland’s Hamilton Island for more than $1b

The US private equity conglomerate has snapped up the more than 1100-hectare site from the Oatley family for around $1.2 billion, market sources say.

WEALTH
Private credit
10 questions to sort private credit ‘cockroaches’ from kings in 2026

With new private credit investment funds popping up everywhere, we asked the experts to reveal the questions they ask before they invest in the booming sector.

Investing
Dump these 2 assets right now (and buy these surprise stocks)

The resilience in many assets in 2025 despite Donald Trump’s ructions means investors should offload some of their winning positions and diversify in 2026.

Business of sport
This wealth manager went all in on golf, but not in the way you think

With the backing of the ‘Tiger Killer’, former wealth manager Julie Cassidy is offering a new kind of platform to make golf more accessible.

TECHNOLOGY
Lunch with the AFR
The could-have-been billionaire who turned down Google

Australian Hugh Williams ran Google Maps and invented the tech behind “doomscrolling”. His take on the AI future is surprisingly upbeat.

Software
Tech leaders reveal their predictions for 2026

AirTrunk’s Robin Khuda, Atlassian’s Scott Farquhar and Airtree’s Jackie Vullinghs are among those sharing their views on AI, tech trends and red-hot start-ups.

Tech crackdown﻿
Australia’s media industry wants these 5 tech giants to pay up

A group representing three of Australia’s biggest media companies has called for urgent new laws to force global platforms to pay for news.

WORK & CAREERS
Job hunting
How to AI-proof your job applications in 2026

AI cover letters are getting dumped in the virtual trash. Here’s what the experts say will get your foot in the door.

OpinionChanticleer CEO poll
Start early, switch off devices: How to manage stress like a CEO

Exercise is the key, but Australia’s corporate leaders have a raft of other tips, tricks and hobbies to help them hold it together.

LIFE & LUXURY
Beer
The states sticking with beer, and the ones losing the taste

The changing appetite for beer is driving two distinctly different responses from the nation’s beverage giants and the smaller, independent brewers.

OpinionStreaming
The best shows to binge over the summer break

A homage to music festivals gone by, a smart FBI drama and a dying woman on a mission to have interesting sex are among the hidden gems worth seeing.

UpdatedYachting
Master Lock Comanche takes line honours in Sydney to Hobart

It was a three-way race on Sunday, with the victor holding off SHK Scallywag 100 and defending champion LawConnect to nab its fifth win.

Australian economy
Are you ready for the experience economy?

In a world where more people have more money than ever, modern consumers are choosing to buy memories and social connection instead of yet more stuff.

The Ashes
All eyes on SCG after Melbourne Test delivers $10m shortfall

Melbourne Cricket Club curator Matt Page is under fire and Cricket Australia bracing for heavy financial losses after the Boxing Day Test finished in two days. 

MOST VIEWED
Melbourne Uni vice chancellor dies after short illness
Foreigners in Japan are treading carefully as tensions rise
The barrage of risks facing Australian superannuation in 2026
Zac Efron on why he’s building the world’s coolest house in Australia
Australia’s most powerful banker faces an uncertain future
Pay rise fight to put more pressure on Victoria budget
FROM THE GALLERY
David Rowe cartoons for December 2025
Dec 28, 2025
View more editorial cartoons 
The Australian Financial Review Magazine
The 10 top AFR Magazine reads of 2025
The untold story of the most lethal Sydney to Hobart race in 26 years
24 new watches to ring out the year (from $170 to $218k)
BOSS Financial Review
The 5 biggest corporate stuff-ups of 2025
James Thomson
Leaders fail because they don’t understand one thing, says this CEO
Bega CEO reveals his latest health obsession (it’s not only protein)
Life & Leisure
The top Life & Leisure reads of 2025
Life & Leisure
Look sharp with a retro polo shirt and a limited-edition Tag Heuer
This is the wine young people are drinking
Rich List
Cash cow: WA dairy booms thanks to billionaire Gina Rinehart’s backing
Mark Wembridge
Can you beat our experts’ 21 predictions for 2026?
Billionaire Lederer wins battle for control over $270m property fund

The Daily Habit of Successful People

MY ACCOUNT
Login
SUBSCRIBE
Subscribe
Business Subscriptions
Student subscriptions
ABOUT US
Products & services
Editorial team
Charter of Editorial Independence
AI Editorial Guidelines
History
Work with us
Announcements
Corrections
Platinum Year
CONTACT
Support
Letters to the editor
Freelance Contributions
Submit a story
Advertise
Delivery Status
MAGAZINES
AFR Magazine
Fin! Magazine
BOSS
Life & Leisure
COLUMNS
Chanticleer
Street Talk
Rear Window
The AFR View
PODCASTS
15 Minutes with the Boss
Chanticleer
Tech Zero
The Fin
The Sure Thing
How I Made It
MARKETS DATA
Australian Indices
World Indices
Commodities
Bonds & Currencies
Companies index
LISTS
Rich List
Power List
Young Rich
More Lists
EVENTS
Business Summit
Property Summit
AI Summit
Banking Summit
Energy & Climate Summit
Infrastructure Summit
Super & Wealth Summit
ESG Summit
Higher Education Summit
More Events
The Sydney Morning HeraldThe AgeBrisbane TimesWAtodaynine.com.auDomainDrive
Site MapAccessibilitySubscription termsPrivacy policyTerms of useReprints & permissions
© Copyright 2025 The Australian Financial Review, Nine Entertainment Co. Pty Ltd