Afriregister -  Domain name,WebSite,WebHosting Services In order to do so, you must have JavaScript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.See details of your web browser for how to enable JavaScript. Menu Home Domain Prices Register Transfer Hosting Lite Main Reseller VPS SSL Whois Support Submit ticket Knowledgebase FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Registration Agreement Registrant Rights, Benefits & Responsibilities Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy Abuse Complaints My Account Contact E-mail: admin[@]afriregister.com (+257)22258363 - (+254) 724 445 740 Choose a country International Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Congo, Democratic Rep. of the Ethiopia Gabon Ivory Coast (see Cote d'Ivoire) Kenya Mali Rwanda Senegal South Soudan Sudan Tanzania, United Republic of Chad Uganda Language Sign up Sign in 0 You have 0 item(s) in your cart Toggle navigation Home Domain Prices Register Transfer Hosting Lite Main Reseller VPS SSL Whois Support Submit ticket Knowledgebase FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Registration Agreement Registrant Rights, Benefits & Responsibilities Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy Abuse Complaints My Account Contact Auction Find a domain suitable to your need .xyz .com.ss .net.ss .biz.ss .me.ss .net.bi .info.ne .int.ne .org.ne .perso.ne .tz .co.ne .or.ne .com.bf .org.bf .net.bf .univ.bf .perso.bf .ml .com.ml .net.ml .edu.ml .ac.ml .ss .co.ss .online .site .space .website .store .tech .pw .fm .fo .college .monster .rent .baby .bi .mobi.ke .co.bi .or.ke .com.bi .ne.ke .edu.bi .me.ke .info.bi .info.ke .or.bi .ac.ke .org.bi .sc.ke .co.za .ug .co.ke .co.ug .com.ug .org.ug .or.ug .edu.ug .ac.ug .ne.ug .rw .co.rw .org.rw .net.rw .ac.rw .co.tz .or.tz .ne.tz .ac.tz .mil.tz .co.mz .cd .com.cd .net.cd .org.cd .sc.tz .tv.tz .africa .sd .info.sd .net.sd .com.sd .bf .org.sd .net.mz .org.mz .ke .mw .co.mw .com.mw .net.mw .org.mw .biz.mw .td .com.td .ne .com.ne .bj .com.bj .org.bj .edu.bj .net.bj .ci .co.ci .com.ci .org.ci .or.ci .edu.ci .net.ci .int.ci .com .net .info .biz .org .sl .com.sl .sn .com.sn .edu.sn .org.sn .info.bj .et .com.et .net.et .org.et .co.bw .univ.bj .org.td .net.td .info.td .edu.td .so .org.bw .net.bw .ac.bw .be .edu.bf Search Bulk Search Transfer domain From € 3/Year » See more From € 2/Year » See more From € 5/Year » See more From € 2/Year » See more From € 2/Year » See more From € 6/Year » See more From € 6/Year » See more From € 32/Year » See more From € 12/Year » See more From € 37/Year » See more From € 212/Year » See more From € 24/Year » See more From € 74/Year » See more From € 48/Year » See more From € 14/Year » See more From € 66/Year » See more From € 180/Year » See more From € 45/Year » See more From € 58/Year » See more From € 27/Year » See more From € 244/Year » See more From € 18/Year » See more From € 21/Year » See more From € 14/Year » See more From € 14/Year » See more From € 23/Year » See more From € 14/Year » See more From € 13/Year » See more From € 74/Year » See more From € 29/Year » See more Choose a hosting plan for your domain Special Offer € 13/Year .xyz + Hosting + SSL Certificate Order now Lite HOSTING From € 8/Year Hosting plan suitable for small hosting and e-mails. View more Main HOSTING From € 30/Year This plan is suitable for small and Big businesses. View more VPS HOSTING From € 413/Year This plan is suitable for small and Big businesses. View more We provide wide range of Hosting plans to fit everyone's business! Get yours today SSL Certificates Choose SSL certificate for your domain name From € 69 From € 95 From € 20 From € 60 View all SSL Certificates Why choose us Top Notch Servers Quality Data Transfer Highly secured Web Server 24/7 Customer Support 24/7 Competitive Pricing 24/7 99.999 Uptime Global services 1 We offer different african CCTLDs. 2 We offer different type of hosting depending on your business. 3 We offer e-mail hosting for professional e-mail accounts. Afriregister, Always going the extra mile A domain name and its purpose A domain name is an identification string that defines a realm of administrative autonomy, authority or control on the Internet. Domain names are formed by the rules and procedures of the Domain Name System (DNS). Any name registered in the DNS is a domain name.

Domain names are used in various networking contexts and application-specific naming and addressing purposes. In general, a domain name represents an Internet Protocol (IP) resource, such as a personal computer used to access the Internet, a server computer hosting a web site, or the web site itself or any other service communicated via the Internet.

Domain names are organized in subordinate levels (subdomains) of the DNS root domain, which is nameless. The first-level set of domain names are the top-level domains (TLDs), including the generic top-level domains (gTLDs), such as the prominent domains com, info, net, edu, and org, and the country code top-level domains (ccTLDs). Below these top-level domains in the DNS hierarchy are the second-level and third-level domain names that are typically open for reservation by end-users who wish to connect local area networks to the Internet, create other publicly accessible Internet resources or run web sites. The registration of these domain names is usually administered by domain name registrars who sell their services to the public.

A fully qualified domain name (FQDN) is a domain name that is completely specified in the hierarchy of the DNS, having no parts omitted.

Domain names are usually written in lowercase, although labels in the Domain Name System are case-insensitive. Domain names serve as more easily memorable names for Internet resources such as computers, networks, and services. A domain name represents an Internet Protocol (IP) resource. Individual Internet host computers use domain names as host identifiers, or host names. Host names are the leaf labels in the domain name system usually without further subordinate domain name space. Host names appear as a component in Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) for Internet resources such as web sites (e.g., en.wikipedia.org).

Domain names are also used as simple identification labels to indicate ownership or control of a resource. Such examples are the realm identifiers used in the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), the Domain Keys used to verify DNS domains in e-mail systems, and in many other Uniform Resource Identifiers (URIs).

An important function of domain names is to provide easily recognizable and memorizable names to numerically addressed Internet resources. This abstraction allows any resource to be moved to a different physical location in the address topology of the network, globally or locally in an intranet. Such a move usually requires changing the IP address of a resource and the corresponding translation of this IP address to and from its domain name.

Domain names are used to establish a unique identity. Organizations can choose a domain name that corresponds to their name, helping Internet users to reach them easily. Why web hosting services? A web hosting service is a type of Internet hosting service that allows individuals and organizations to make their website accessible via the World Wide Web. Web hosts are companies that provide space on a server owned or leased for use by clients, as well as providing Internet connectivity, typically in a data center. Web hosts can also provide data center space and connectivity to the Internet for other servers located in their data center, called colocation, also known as Housing in Latin America or France.

The scope of web hosting services varies greatly. The most basic is web page and small-scale file hosting, where files can be uploaded via File Transfer Protocol (FTP) or a Web interface. The files are usually delivered to the Web "as is" or with minimal processing. Many Internet service providers (ISPs) offer this service free to subscribers. Individuals and organizations may also obtain Web page hosting from alternative service providers. Personal web site hosting is typically free, advertisement-sponsored, or inexpensive. Business web site hosting often has a higher expense depending upon the size and type of the site.

Single page hosting is generally sufficient for personal web pages. A complex site calls for a more comprehensive package that provides database support and application development platforms (e.g. PHP, Java, Ruby on Rails, ColdFusion, or ASP.NET). These facilities allow customers to write or install scripts for applications like forums and content management. Also, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is typically used for e-commerce.

The host may also provide an interface or control panel for managing the Web server and installing scripts, as well as other modules and service applications like e-mail. Some hosts specialize in certain software or services (e.g. e-commerce), which are commonly used by larger companies that outsource network infrastructure. Web hosting is often provided as part of a general Internet access plan; there are many free and paid providers offering these types of web hosting.

A customer needs to evaluate the requirements of the application to choose what kind of hosting to use. Such considerations include database server software, scripting software, and operating system. Most hosting providers provide Linux-based web hosting which offers a wide range of different software. A typical configuration for a Linux server is the LAMP platform: Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP/Perl/Python. The web hosting client may want to have other services, such as email for their business domain, databases or multimedia services. A customer may also choose Windows as the hosting platform. The customer still can choose from PHP, Perl, and Python but may also use ASP .Net or Classic ASP. Web hosting packages often include a Web Content Management System, so the end-user does not have to worry about the more technical aspects. GET OUR SUPPORT. Call us on (+257)22258363 - (+254) 724 445 740 send us an e-mail Company About US Corporate Officers Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Solutions Register a domain Bulk domain search Bulk domain transfer Lite Hosting Main Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting Client Area Knowledgebase Submit Ticket Others Afriregister International Afriregister Benin Afriregister Burkina Faso Afriregister Burundi Afriregister Congo, Democratic Rep. of the Afriregister Ethiopia Afriregister Gabon Afriregister Ivory Coast (see Cote d'Ivoire) Afriregister Kenya Afriregister Mali Afriregister Rwanda Afriregister Senegal Afriregister South Soudan Afriregister Sudan Afriregister Tanzania, United Republic of Afriregister Chad Afriregister Uganda Contact us Phone: (+257)22258363 - (+254) 724 445 740 Email: admin[@]afriregister.com Serving you is our passion Mailing list Sign up if you would like to receive occasional treats from us. Go! Follow us About us AFRIREGISTER is made with love and passion for your own business. Try it now!