Home | AFSP Skip to content Are you in a crisis? Call or text 988 or text TALK to 741741 ¿Estás en una crisis? Llama o envía un mensaje de texto al 988 o envía un mensaje de texto con AYUDA al 741741 Accessibility Español English Donate Now Search _ Read Real Stories Looking for Help Having thoughts of suicide After an attempt Surviving a suicide loss When someone is at risk Supporting a loved one after an attempt Finding treatment Suicide loss support groups Get Involved Local chapters Advocating for suicide prevention Community programs Applying for a research grant Volunteering with AFSP Careers at AFSP Participating in research Ways to Give Out of the Darkness Walks Giving societies Chapter fundraising events Matching gifts Corporate giving Planned giving Memorial funds Memorial gifts Streaming for AFSP Social media fundraising DIY Fundraising Learn the Facts I'm looking for suicide statistics I want to know the facts and laws in my state I'm a journalist I want to learn the risk factors and warning signs I want to learn about treatments I want to know your policy priorities I want to learn about suicide research I want to learn about AFSP's impact Read Real Stories Looking for Help Having thoughts of suicide After an attempt Surviving a suicide loss When someone is at risk Supporting a loved one after an attempt Finding treatment Suicide loss support groups From the blog From a Child Who Lost a Parent to Suicide Read the story Understanding ‘The Why’ Read the story Get Involved Local chapters Advocating for suicide prevention Community programs Applying for a research grant Volunteering with AFSP Careers at AFSP Participating in research From the blog What It Means to Be a Suicide Prevention Advocate: Making a Difference in My State Read the story Highlighting the True Connection Between Research and Suicide Prevention Read the story Ways to Give Out of the Darkness Walks Giving societies Chapter fundraising events Matching gifts Corporate giving Planned giving Memorial funds Memorial gifts Streaming for AFSP Social media fundraising DIY Fundraising From the blog 20 Things I’ve Learned from (Almost) 20 Overnight Walks for Suicide Prevention Read the story Finding Hope and Healing on the Links: Golfing to Support Suicide Prevention Read the story Learn the Facts I'm looking for suicide statistics I want to know the facts and laws in my state I'm a journalist I want to learn the risk factors and warning signs I want to learn about treatments I want to know your policy priorities I want to learn about suicide research I want to learn about AFSP's impact From the blog Research Roundup March 2025: Recently Published Findings From AFSP-Funded Studies Read the story Leading researchers call for action to end mental health related deaths Read the story Donate Now Clips of walkers at Community Walk event Walk to prevent suicide! Join more than 400 communities nationwide to raise awareness and much-needed funds, strongly sending the message that suicide can be prevented, and that no one is alone. Find a walk near you Want to walk with us? Find a walk near you I want to discover ways to process the loss of a loved one Learn how to get connected with someone who has also experienced suicide loss through our Healing Conversations program, and find resources for yourself or other suicide loss survivors I want to understand how to help someone at risk Here’s how to talk to someone who may be struggling with their mental health I want to help pass suicide prevention policies that will save lives Learn how you can advocate for suicide prevention and mental health I want to make a difference and support AFSP Learn how you can play a role in the fight to stop suicide Confronting Suicide in Construction Hard Hat Courage is the construction industry's collective commitment to save lives by making it safe to talk about our mental health. Learn more Volunteer with AFSP When you volunteer with AFSP, you join thousands who share your passion for saving lives and bringing hope to those affected by suicide. Learn more below about how to get involved, and become a critical part of our mission. Volunteer today AFSP national events December 11 Ask Dr. Jill Podcast Launch: Are AI Chatbots Dangerous for Teens? Tune in December 11 @ 2:00 pm ET –  11 @ 4:15 pm ET The Upright Summit Add to calendar January 8 Strong Talk Podcast Launch Add to calendar January 22 Elevating Voices Podcast Launch Add to calendar Learn the latest statistics on suicide Learn more Featured resources Practical information for immediately after a loss The immediate aftermath of a loved one’s suicide is a challenging, confusing, and painful time. The information below will help get you through the first few days with a better understanding of the things you’re likely to face. I've lost someone You are not alone. Suicide affects millions each year, and thanks to our donors and volunteers—many of whom are loss survivors themselves—we can provide these resources to help you heal. Get help Find support for yourself or those who may be at risk for suicide Read our Annual Report It's time we shed light upon this leading cause of death. It's time to Talk Away the Dark. Read the report Share your story Learn how to safely share your personal experience with suicide and mental health. Learn how Connection makes a difference Find a chapter Sign up for our newsletter Receive updates from the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention Subscribe Get Involved Find a chapter Advocate Deliver programs Apply for a research grant Volunteer with AFSP Program calendar Looking for Help Having thoughts of suicide After an attempt Surviving a suicide loss When someone is at risk Finding treatment Suicide prevention resources Supporting diverse communities Learn about AFSP About AFSP Careers Media Research grants Policy priorities Our impact Partners Branding Store Privacy Contact AFSP Ways to Give Out of the Darkness Walks Giving societies Chapter fundraising events Matching gifts Corporate giving Planned giving Memorial funds Memorial gifts Streaming for AFSP Social media fundraising DIY Fundraising Follow Us The Mighty Logo Charity Ratings Charity Navigator Charity Watch Peer to Peer © 2025 American Foundation for Suicide
                Prevention. All rights reserved. Are you in a crisis? Call or text 988 or text TALK to 741741 Sign up to learn more about AFSP’s programs, events, and the
                    actions you can take to help prevent suicide. First Name A first name is required. Please enter your first
                        name here. Last Name A last name is required. Please enter your last
                        name here. Email Address An email address is required. Please enter your
                        email here. Zip Code Submit Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm
                your subscription and begin receiving our communications. Close form We're sorry, but there appears to have been an issue with your
                submission. Please check your information and try again. Try again Close