AFT - American Federation of Teachers - A Union of Professionals Jump to navigation Member Benefits How to Join En Espanol Menu Member Benefits How to Join En Espanol About Us Expand menu Mission AFT Leadership Resolutions State of the Union AFT Constitution Financial Statements History Contact Our Members Expand menu Early childhood educators PreK-12 teachers Paraprofessionals & school-related personnel Higher Education Nurses and health professionals Public employees Retirees Our Community Expand menu Career and Techical Education Higher Education: Saving Lives, Building Futures, Powering the Economy Protect Our Kids Campaign Events Public School Proud Student Debt & Public Service Loan Forgiveness Code Red Disasters & emergencies Disaster relief: 2025 California wildfires Huracánes: Recursos de Ayuda Emergency preparedness Earthquakes Hurricane preparedness & relief Gun violence prevention Immigration Background & resources Standing united to protect immigrant rights Standing United toolkit DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) Immigration ICE raids Member voices Our partners on immigration Unaccompanied refugee children Reading Opens The World Safe and welcoming public schools for all Health Hub Meet Your Health Issues Team Webinars Vaccines & Infectious Disease Prevention Health & Safety Committees Asbestos & Chemical Exposures Take Our Health and Safety Survey Heat Hazards We need to hear your stories. Emergency Preparedness and Response AFT Healthcare COVID-19 Resources Injury & Illness Reporting Requirements Mental Health OSHA Factsheets and Quick Cards Voice Injuries Food Service Hazards OSHA Outreach Training Occupational Stress Ergonomics Workplace Violence Health Hub: Safe Laboratories Bloodborne Pathogens Workplace Bullying Green Cleaning Health Hub: Indoor Environmental Quality and Mold Gun Violence Take Action Expand menu National & local actions Press Center Expand menu Press Releases New York Times columns Blog Speeches A Moment Like Never Before Fighting for a Better Future: Labor and Education Policy The Road Ahead: Fighting for Progress, Freedom and Democracy What Kids, Teachers and Communities Need News Expand menu Latest News Publications American Educator Issues Index Author Index Subject Index Article Submission Change of Address Copyright Permission Peer Review Board Application Peer Review Board AFT Health Care Issues Index Author Index Subject Index Article Submission Change of Address Copyright Permission Peer Review Board Application AFT resources for organizing and back to school programs Reports AFT Voices Randi's Corner Browse AFT Videos Union Talk Podcast Search Search search Breadcrumb Home AFT president Weingarten and allies across the city gather for a powerful, peaceful No Kings Day rally to defend democracy, protect public schools and stand up for working families. AFT president Weingarten and allies across the city gather for a powerful, peaceful No Kings Day rally to defend democracy, protect public schools and stand up for working families. AFT Secretary-Treasurer Fedrick C. Ingram speaking at TEACH 25 AFT Secretary-Treasurer Fedrick C. Ingram speaking at TEACH 25 AFT members with AFT Executive Vice President Evelyn DeJesus at TEACH 25 AFT members with AFT Executive Vice President Evelyn DeJesus at TEACH 25 AFT member speaking in session at TEACH 25 AFT member speaking in session at TEACH 25 AFT president Weingarten and allies across the city gather for a powerful, peaceful No Kings Day rally to defend democracy, protect public schools and stand up for working families.  (June 14, 2025) AFT president Weingarten and allies across the city gather for a powerful, peaceful No Kings Day rally to defend democracy, protect public schools and stand up for working families.  (June 14, 2025) AFT TEACH 25 attendees AFT TEACH 25 attendees AFT President Randi Weingarten high-fives with a child in Pittsburgh on the final day of the "Fighting for Public Education” Bus Tour AFT President Randi Weingarten high-fives with a child in Pittsburgh on the final day of the "Fighting for Public Education” Bus Tour AFT Executive Vice President Evelyn DeJesus with others at a March 4th event to Protect Our Kids AFT Executive Vice President Evelyn DeJesus with others at a March 4th event to Protect Our Kids Affordability really matters Americans want a life they can afford, opportunity to get ahead and a real voice in our democracy. Read the column No crowns, no thrones, no kings. This is what loving America looks like. AFT members joined with millions of people across the country for the "No Kings" day of action to stand up for the promise of America for ALL. Watch the highlight video American Educator In the Winter 2025-2026 American Educator, learn how the AFT is committing to creating safe, relevant and engaging public schools and highlighting core concepts that support all students. Read the winter issue Public Education and the Future of Democracy Weingarten’s new book, Why Fascists Fear Teachers , exposes the far-right assault on public education—and honors the educators fighting back to protect truth, democracy, and opportunity for all. Pre-order today We, the people, say: ‘No Kings’ NYT Column Democracy and economic opportunity are inextricably linked. Read the column SOMOS: Service, solidarity and strategy Puerto Rico It was total immersion at this year’s SOMOS, the annual Puerto Rico power gathering of New York legislators and other elected officials, unionists, civic groups and political activists. Read more Fighting for Our Patients and Our Democracy AFT Health Care Learn how we’re rising up to protect patients and our democracy as the Trump administration slashes funding for healthcare access, public health, and research. Read the fall issue We rise up to save higher education Higher Education It is clear that higher education is under attack. Read more With SNAP in limbo, public employees stitch together the safety net Public Employees Scarlett Ahmed has started counting the number of people sleeping outside the Queens Career Center in New York City when she arrives at work in the morning. Read the full speech Trump spurs federal government shutdown Government Shutdown Carrying through on earlier threats, President Donald Trump has encouraged congressional Republicans not to negotiate with Democrats on a budget for the new fiscal year, prompting a shutdown of the federal government that began Oct. 1. At the heart of the funding fight, Republicans are trying to take away healthcare from 15 million Americans by making the largest cuts in history to Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act, while Democrats are trying to protect and extend Americans’ healthcare benefits. Read more Higher Education benefits everyone Higher Education The crucial work of higher education workers is now under siege. Devastating funding cuts are halting medical breakthroughs and slashing support for students—all as political retribution from an administration that wants to control knowledge. Read more Fighting for our democracy American Educator The Fall 2025 American Educator is a call to action for defending democracy and public education. Read the fall issue It’s not just about picnics and parades Labor Day As we observe Labor Day, it’s not just about picnics and parades. It’s about standing up for what all working people deserve: dignity, a life they can afford and real opportunity. Whether you are a nurse, a bus driver or an educator, you make a difference in people’s lives every day. In this moment, our fight for freedom, fairness and security is more important than ever. Read more Teachers at the helm: New national AI academy prioritizes educators in classroom tech Immigration In a sweeping move to leverage artificial intelligence as a tool for learning and to minimize its harms, the AFT has partnered with the United Federation of Teachers, Microsoft, OpenAI and Anthropic to launch a first-of-its-kind national AI academy for educators . Learn more Nurses and community win fight to save rural birth centers in Oregon Nurses and Healthcare Communities in the small Oregon towns of Lebanon and Lincoln City are breathing a sigh of relief after the news that Samaritan Health Services reversed course and will keep labor and delivery, and emergency surgical services open at Samaritan Lebanon Community Hospital and Samaritan North Lincoln Hospital.  The decision to preserve these critical healthcare services comes after a months-long campaign led by nurses represented by the Oregon Nurses Association. Read more Working with Faith Is a Different Kind of Labor AFT Voices Working isn’t just a way to pay the bills, it’s also a way we can pay goodness and loving-kindness forward. Providing protections for workers is not only an abstract theory, it’s a holy act and an opportunity to live our faith-based values. And sanctuaries aren’t limited to houses of worship; every workplace should be a safe place. Learn More Student Debt & Public Service Loan Forgiveness Learn about your options! Visit AFT’s PSLF hub. Read the palm card Find out more Helping our immigrant communities With Donald Trump now in office, the crackdown on immigrants has begun, and the AFT is pushing back, lifting up immigrant voices and distributing resources to help keep people safe. See all our immigration resources here. Find out more and access resources here. Protect Our Kids The Trump administration wants to make painful cuts to education and healthcare in order to slash taxes for billionaires. The administration’s plan to “block grant” federal education programs and gut the U.S. Department of Education would rob 26 million students living in poverty of critical services and 7.5 million students with disabilities of special education support. Find out more about our resources. Randi's Corner News and resources from the office of the president Read more from AFT President Randi Weingarten Stay Connected Instagram Threads Facebook Bluesky YouTube LinkedIn Text Join Us Email Zip Add Your Name Randi Weingarten President Fedrick C. Ingram Secretary-Treasurer Evelyn DeJesus Executive Vice President Our Mission The AFT is a union of professionals that champions fairness; democracy; economic opportunity; and high-quality public education, healthcare and public services for our students, their families and our communities. We are committed to advancing these principles through community engagement, organizing, collective bargaining and political activism, and especially through the work our members do. Contact AFT Store Careers at AFT Privacy Policy © American Federation of Teachers, AFL-CIO.  All rights reserved. Photographs and illustrations, as well as text, cannot be used without permission from the AFT .