 	

Create an account | Login:    | Lost password

	
AfterDawn | News | Guides | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums | HIGH.FI
1/1/2026 1:25:39 AM
 
Recent headlines | Maker of Roombas, iRobot, sold to China 16 days ago
Roborock Saros 10 review - Great, but not perfect
1
Ruuvi Air sensor keeps track of indoor air quality with ease
Garmin refreshes its hit smartwatch line: Venu 4 introduces new wellness tools
Latest
News
Software
Reviews
Questions
Maker of Roombas, iRobot, sold to China

Struggling American robot vacuum manufacturer iRobot has been sold to China under pre-arranged Chapter 11 deal. Read more...

16 days ago | News article
Pebble Index 01 smart ring: Disposable, does not ...

The legendary smartwatch brand Pebble is expanding into smart rings with the new Pebble Index 01 ring. The ring does not track the wearer's health but instead functions as an audio recorder. Read more...

22 days ago | News article
Netflix buys HBO and Warner Bros studios

Netflix has won the bidding competition for media giant Warner Bros and will acquire HBO as well as the Warner Bros film studios. Read more...

26 days ago | News article
Massive Android 0-day vulnerability found - here's ...

A very serious security flaw has been found in the Android operating system, allowing malicious code to be executed on a phone or tablet. Read more...

2 months ago | News article
Review: Roborock Saros Z70 - robot vacuum with an arm

In out in-depth review of Roborock Saros Z70 we put the robot vacuum through a 3 month test period, where we observed its work in normal home. The sci-fi -like arm of Z70 was a little bit disappointing, due its limited functionality. Read more...

2 months ago | News article
End of an era: TiVo stops making DVRs

TiVo, once synonumous with digital TV recording in the United States and in select other countries, has stopped making DVR devices as of October, 2025. Read more...

3 months ago | News article
Strava takes Garmin to court

The world's perhaps best-known sports app developer Strava has filed a lawsuit against American sports watch manufacturer Garmin, accusing the company of patent infringement. Read more...

3 months ago | News article | 1 comment
Ruuvi Air sensor keeps track of indoor air quality ...

The latest product from Finland's Ruuvi Innovations is the Ruuvi Air, a device that brings clear and simple indoor air quality monitoring to homes - with no monthly fees. Read more...

3 months ago | News article
WhatsApp can now translate messages

WhatsApp can now translate text messages into other languages. The feature rolled out to both iPhone and Android in September 2025. Read more...

3 months ago | News article
Garmin refreshes its hit smartwatch line: Venu ...

Garmin has officially launched the latest entry in its popular Venu series. The Garmin Venu 4, unveiled in September 2025, brings enhanced wellness tracking, smarter daily insights-and even a built-in flashlight. Read more...

4 months ago | News article
Video service Vimeo has been sold to a controversial ...

The controversial tech company Bending Spoons has acquired video platform Vimeo. Read more...

4 months ago | News article | 1 comment
A site that sold Nintendo Switch "mods" for playing ...

The Modded Hardware site and its operator have been ordered to pay millions in damages to Nintendo. The site sold hardware modifications that allowed the Switch to run pirated games. Read more...

4 months ago | News article | 2 comments
Netflix to start airing TV broadcasts

Netflix will start airing linear TV broadcasts within its apps by summer 2026. Netflix and French media company TF1 announced the partnership, which will also bring TF1's on-demand content to French Netflix users. Read more...

7 months ago | News article | 1 comment
Android 16 officially released

Google has officially rolled out the stable version of the Android 16 operating system in June 2025. Read more...

7 months ago | News article | 6 comments
AfterDawn's 26th birthday

Our little site, AfterDawn, had its 26th birthday on 10th of June, 2025. Read more...

7 months ago | News article
EU to launch age verification app, mandatory for ...

European Union is set to launch an age verification app by October 2025. Age verification uses so-called strong digital user authentication and it is required in order to access the largest adult websites. Read more...

7 months ago | News article
EU: Mandatory 5 year update commitment for phones

European Union requires phone manufacturers to provide software updates for minimum of 5 years for all their phones, starting from June, 2025. Read more...

7 months ago | News article
Signal fights Windows Recall with a DRM trick

Signal blacks out its app when trying to screenshot it in Windows. The move is a counter-measure against Windows 11's so-called Recall feature that automatically screenshots Windows desktop every few seconds. Read more...

7 months ago | News article
Roborock Saros 10 review - Great, but not perfect

We tested Roborock Saros 10 robot vacuum for more than two months in order to see whether it is really worth its hefty price tag. The mopping, self-emptying Saros 10 was mostly great, even perfect. But its object avoidance was bit disappointing. Read more...

8 months ago | News article | 1 comment
Napster Sold – Yet Again

The world’s most iconic peer-to-peer music-sharing platform, once infamous for its role in digital piracy, has once again been sold. Read more...

9 months ago | News article
Latest forum posts
		#	Latest message	Forum room
New Build after 12 years	6	about 18 hours ago	Building a new PC
aurora store	4	11 days ago	Android Phones
Happy Holidays!	12	14 days ago	Safety valve
500 million PC users are not upgrading to Windows 11 and that’s a big problem	2	25 days ago	Windows - General discussion
Windows 11’s latest update is tanking game performance	1	about a month ago	Windows - General discussion
How can I batch convert folders of JPG files to PDF files, so each folder becomes one PDF file?	11	about a month ago	Windows - Software discussion
Any Hotdog Pro that's free and works with Windows 10?	6	2 months ago	Windows 10 forum
If You're Still Living Reply Aye! All Others Say Nay!	19	2 months ago	Safety valve
Ranked: The Best And Worst Versions of Windows	1	3 months ago	Windows - General discussion
Windows 11 is a Trash Operating System	5	3 months ago	Windows - General discussion
Samsung to use your face in AI-generated lock screen ads	20	3 months ago	Safety valve
Mega storage- only 2 vids play	10	5 months ago	All other topics
"Signal fights Windows Recall with a DRM trick"	5	6 months ago	Windows - Virus and spyware problems
Microsoft planning thousands of job cuts	1	6 months ago	Windows - General discussion
AfterDawn 26th Birthday, June 10, 2025	9	7 months ago	Safety valve
AI “Big Brother is Watching You.”	1	7 months ago	Safety valve
72 pc Indian firms hit by AI cyberattacks in past year	5	7 months ago	Safety valve
NVIDIA Launches AI-First DGX PC Systems	2	7 months ago	Building a new PC
Chat with AfterDawn.com users! (on IRC)	81	7 months ago	Safety valve
Could This Be The Future of Optical Discs?	20	7 months ago	DVDR
Happy New Year	20	7 months ago	All other topics
What is this - pic attached	12	7 months ago	General mobile discussion
Where are the old skool lot?	544	7 months ago	Safety valve
"Does not compute",	1	9 months ago	Safety valve
Is Afterdawn pretty much dead?	117	10 months ago	Safety valve
A NEWBIES GUIDE TO SETTING UP A DM500S FOR CARDSHARING	1901	10 months ago	Digital TV - UK & Europe
Pauses	5	10 months ago	Nero discussion
Holiday cheer	24	10 months ago	All other topics
why is security@account.meta.com sending emails ??	3	11 months ago	Windows - General discussion
How about a Pic and a story? Preface: Feeling Grateful, Hopeful, Loved & Motivated	11	11 months ago	All other topics
Show more forum posts 
About us
Advertising / Media kit
Feedback
Privacy policy & Terms of Use
Sections:
Tech News
Guides and Tutorials
Software Downloads
Top Downloads
Forums
Glossary
Follow us:
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
RSS Feeds:
Latest News
Software Updates
© 1999-2025 AfterDawn Oy. All rights reserved
Back to Top ⇧
AfterDawn is powered by 