AFTVnews | Android and Fire TV News, Guides, Apps, and Deals ↓ Skip to Main Content How-To Guides All Guides How to Sideload Apps (e.g., Kodi) How to enable Developer Options Deals & Freebies Fire TV News Android TV News TV App News My Apps Downloader App Loader Shortcut Apps Informer App Bookmarker Apps … About AFTVnews Contact AFTVnews Subscribe to Email Updates Buyer’s Guide Recent Comments Amazon is forcing Alexa+ on Prime members whether they like it or not Posted by Elias Saba on December 29, 2025 — 38 Comments Amazon announced Alexa+ earlier this year as its new upgraded AI-powered voice assistant. The service, which is free for Prime members and costs $20/month otherwise, began slowly rolling out through an invite-only system shortly after. While those invites were initially scarce , it’s now possible for anyone to switch to Alexa+. Despite Amazon and old Alexa asking customers to switch to Alexa+, customers don’t seem to be voluntarily switching fast enough, so Amazon will soon force Alexa+ on Prime members. Read more › Posted in Article Tagged with: Alexa , Alexa Plus Xbox cloud gaming is now available on select Amazon-made Fire TV Smart TVs Posted by Elias Saba on December 29, 2025 — 2 Comments Amazon has announced that the Xbox app has expanded to support the Fire TV 4-Series and Fire TV Omni QLED Series smart TVs. The cloud gaming service initially launched on the Fire TV Stick 4K Plus and Fire TV Stick 4K Max before expanding to include the Fire TV Cube , 1st-gen 4K Max, and Fire TV Stick 4K Select . These are the first Fire TV smart TVs to support the service, but it’s only the latest models that can use it, as the original 4-Series Fire TVs sold from 2021 to early 2025 are not supported. Oddly, Amazon’s other Fire TV Smart TV models, like its flagship Fire TV Omni Mini-LED Series , are not included in this expansion. Posted in Article Tagged with: Amazon Fire TV , Amazon Fire TV 4-Series , Cloud Gaming , Gaming , Xbox Fire TV’s updated Alexa Home Theater feature for the latest Echo Studio and Echo Dot Max is now available Posted by Elias Saba on December 22, 2025 — 12 Comments When Amazon revealed the new Echo Studio and Echo Dot Max earlier this year, it also announced updates to the Alexa Home Theater feature that lets you use Echos as speakers for Fire TV devices. The update has been rolling out to Echos and Fire TVs over the past few weeks and should now be available on all compatible models. Read more › Posted in Article Tagged with: Alexa , Amazon Fire TV , Surround Sound Fire TV app sizes are ballooning, and Amazon is now advising developers on shrinking them Posted by Elias Saba on December 19, 2025 — 11 Comments Most Fire TVs, both new and old, have only 8 GB of internal storage. After you factor in the operating system, system components, and pre-installed apps that can’t be removed, users are left with about half of that space for their own apps. This makes running out of storage one of the most common issues that Fire TV users face. Amazon has tried to alleviate the issue by automatically uninstalling seldom used apps , but as streaming apps continue to grow larger in size each year, Amazon has now published new guidance to help Fire TV app developers shrink their app sizes. Read more › Posted in Article Tagged with: Amazon Fire TV Stremio is now in the official Fire TV Appstore Posted by Elias Saba on December 18, 2025 — 5 Comments Stremio is a video player that aggregates movies and shows from various streaming sources into one interface. The app has been available in the Google Play Store for years and was recently added to the Apple TV App Store, but has required sideloading for Fire TV devices. As spotted by TechDoctorUK , the app is now in the official Amazon Appstore for Fire TV devices. Read more › Posted in Article Tagged with: Amazon Fire TV , App , New App , Stremio Google replaces the “Discover” tab with a new “Free” tab on older Android TV devices Posted by Elias Saba on December 18, 2025 Google is continuing to make changes to its older pre-2020 Android TV interface. The older home screen, which is still used by devices like Nvidia’s Shield TV, received a big overhaul in 2021 to make it look more like the newer Google TV interface. In doing so, Google introduced a “Discover” tab with content recommendations. Earlier this year, Google informed users that the “Discover” tab would be going away and moved recommendations to the home screen. Now we know why, because the “Discover” tab has been replaced by a new “Free” tab with free ad-supported content, as spotted by Android Authority . Posted in Article Tagged with: Android TV , Google TV , Update Instagram launches its first TV app for watching Reels — Coming first to Fire TVs Posted by Elias Saba on December 16, 2025 — 7 Comments Instagram has released its first TV app for streaming devices to watch Reels on a big screen. The app is coming first to select Fire TV models and is available in the Amazon Appstore . The app functions as you’d expect, with various rows of Reel videos to browse through, like “For you” and “Popular with friends. Once a Reel is playing, you can press down to move to the next video. The app lets you log in with up to five accounts. It’s compatible with all Fire TV Sticks and Cubes released since 2018, which includes all Fire OS 7 and Fire OS 8 models, plus the 1st-gen Fire TV Stick 4K as the only compatible Fire OS 6 model. I don’t know if it will work, but if you want to try sideloading it onto an older Fire TV model or on an Android/Google TV device, you can do so using my Downloader app and entering the short code 5276999 . Posted in Article Tagged with: Amazon Fire TV , App , Instagram , New App Amazon is now fully disabling Fire TV apps that it identifies as piracy apps Posted by Elias Saba on December 12, 2025 — 32 Comments Last month, Amazon announced plans to identify and blacklist Fire TV apps that provide access to unlicensed or pirated content. Earlier this month, users began seeing warning messages about an upcoming ban when launching these apps. Now, about 10 days later, Amazon has moved to fully disable piracy apps installed on Fire TV devices. Read more › Posted in Article Tagged with: Amazon Fire TV , Blacklist Amazon Luna cloud gaming is now available on Xfinity cable boxes and the Vega OS Fire TV Stick 4K Select Posted by Elias Saba on December 12, 2025 — 1 Comment After Amazon’s recent relaunch of Luna cloud gaming, the service is expanding to even more devices. Select Xfinity cable boxes from Comcast in the US, and Rogers in Canada, will now support the gaming service that comes included with Prime membership . In addition to Xbox cloud gaming, which was added recently, the Fire TV Stick 4K Select running Vega OS now also supports Luna. Posted in Article Tagged with: Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Select , Amazon Luna , Cloud Gaming , Comcast , Gaming , Xbox , Xfinity Tubi is the first to support app downloads on Fire TV through Matter Casting Posted by Elias Saba on December 11, 2025 — 2 Comments Tubi has announced support for Matter Casting on Fire TV devices. It’s the second streaming service to support the new casting standard, after Amazon was the first to support it for Prime Video . However, Tubi’s implementation is the first to use Matter’s ability to automatically install and sign in to its app when casting is initiated. Tubi says Matter Casting “launches next week and will be available globally by the end of the month.” Support is coming to “select Fire TV devices” and lists the Fire TV Stick 4K Max , Fire TV Cube , Fire TV Omni QLED Series , and Mini-LED Series Smart TVs as some of the supported models. Posted in Article Tagged with: Amazon Fire TV , Cast , Matter , Tubi ‹ More posts Search for: TOP DEALS Fire TV Stick 4K Plus List Price: $49.99 Sale Price: $29.99 Fire TV Stick 4K Max List Price: $59.99 Sale Price: $39.99 Fire TV Cube List Price: $139.99 Sale Price: $109.99 Google TV Streamer List Price: $99.99 Sale Price: $74.99 Onn 4K Pro List Price: $49.88 Sale Price: $44.73 Fire TV Shortcut Apps Apps Price: FREE Free Movies & TV Price: FREE Settings Price: FREE Developer Options Price: FREE Bluetooth Devices Price: FREE Get AFTVnews articles in your inbox! Get an email anytime a new article is published. No Spam EVER and Cancel Anytime. Email Address Subscribe Get AFTVnews articles in your feed! AFTVnews Links About Contact Subscribe Threads Twitter Mastodon Facebook RSS Feed AFTVnews Apps Downloader Loader Bookmarker Informer MISC Privacy Policy DMCA Policy Disclosures Privacy Manager © 2026 AFTVnews ↑