AGCO Corporation - Your Agriculture Company Skip to main content Brands & Solutions Brands & Solutions Brands & Solutions Leading Brands Fendt Massey Ferguson PTx Valtra Supporter Brands Precision Planting PTx Trimble Gleaner Sunflower Service & Information AGCO Parts AGCO GenuineCare AGCO Power AGCO Finance AGCO Solutions Tractors Compact/Utility Tractors Harvesting Hay & Forage Crop Care & Nutrient Management Planting & Soil Preparation Material Handling Power Generation Water Management Engines Merchandise Merchandise Precision Agriculture Precision Agriculture Precision Agriculture Precision Agriculture Precision Agriculture Ventures Innovations Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Governance 2024 Sustainability Report About Us About Us About Us About Us About Us Leadership Code of Conduct Board of Directors Governance Awards & Recognition AGCO History Global Reach 2024 Annual Report AGCO Foundation Farmers & Dealers Farmer Profiles Dealers FarmerCore Manufacturing & Supply Chain Manufacturing Operating Principles Supply Chain Sustainability Careers News FIND A DEALER AGCO PARTS SERVICE & INFORMATION INVESTORS Search EN Select a Language Select a Language Select a Language English (International) English (USA) English (Canada) Español (Argentina / Other South America) Português (Brazil) 简体中文 (China) Dansk (Denmark) Français (France) Español (Mexico) Polski (Poland) Français (Canada) Suomalainen (Finland) Deutsch (Germany) Italiano (Italy) Português (Portugal) FIND A DEALER AGCO PARTS SERVICE & INFORMATION INVESTORS Farmers for our future. Farming has always been about feeding communities and nurturing the land. Today, this remains the goal of millions of hard-working farmers worldwide. Technology is opening new horizons for them, allowing them to produce more food with less resources, a vital goal in a planet with growing needs. Our Farmer-First strategy is about understanding farmers’ pain points so we can better serve them. 2024 Annual Report 2024 Sustainability Report A proud portfolio of legendary brands. AGCO's leading brands support farmers as they transform the agricultural industry. Our innovative solutions and a Farmer-First mentality are changing the landscape for farmers across the world. View our brands Sowing the seeds of ingenuity. AGCO's precision technologies are revolutionizing the way we farm the land. By harnessing the power of innovation, farmers can now achieve higher yields with fewer resources. AGCO Launches PTx, a Precision Ag Portfolio to Accelerate Technology Transformation Learn More AGCO Tech Days 2024 to Showcase Innovation Across the Crop Cycle Serving Farmers with Mixed Fleets Globally Learn More AGCO to Launch New Products and Display Farmer-Focused Solutions at 2024 Farm Progress Show Learn More Revolutionizing the farmer experience, online and onsite. FarmerCore introduces more convenience for farmers by bringing the entire business to the farm, putting them at the forefront of a customer-centric network that provides a seamless experience. FarmerCore Today’s challenges are tomorrow’s possibilities. Our purpose at AGCO is to provide farmer-focused solutions to sustainably feed our world. Our ambition is to accelerate innovation and efficiency to drive positive outcomes for farmers and the planet. Read our 2024 Sustainability Report Around the world, farmers are making a difference. At AGCO, we emphasize the importance of recognizing and honoring the individual experiences, challenges and triumphs of farmers. Farmer Profiles Farmers feed the world. We are supporting them. Learn how AGCO's brands are creating a better, more sustainable world where farmers can thrive. News AGCO Agriculture Foundation Launches Call for Applications for Grant Cycle Learn More AGCO Launches Employee Relief Fund to Support its Global Team in Times of Crisis Learn More AGCO Announces Third-Quarter 2024 Earnings Release and Conference Call Learn More AGCO. Where extraordinary grows. Not everyone can claim to feed the world, but it is part of our every day. Behind everything we do for our farmers, there is one AGCO team making it happen. We are proud to put our curiosity to work, building a better and more sustainable world. Join us! Careers AGCO is a global leader in design, manufacture and distribution of agricultural machinery and precision technology. AGCO delivers value to farmers and OEM customers through its differentiated brand portfolio including leading brands like Fendt®, Massey Ferguson®, PTx and Valtra®. AGCO's full line of equipment, smart farming solutions and services helps farmers sustainably feed our world. FOLLOW AGCO BROWSE AGCO Brands & Solutions Precision Agriculture Sustainability About Us News Find a Dealer Investors Contact Facilities List Merchandise Solutions Tractors Harvesting Hay & Forage Crop Care & Nutrient Management Planting & Soil Preparation Material Handling Power Generation Water Management Engines Privacy Center Terms of Use Privacy Statement Cookie Policy California Notice at Collection Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Careers Accessibility Statement Copyright© 2025 AGCO Corporation. All Rights Reserved.