Age of Empires Franchise - World's Edge Studio - Official Web Site Skip to main content Main Menu Toggle Play With Game Pass Buy Now Search Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Discord Main Menu Toggle Age Insiders Back Insiders Info Join Insiders Insider Forums Insider FAQ Games Back Age of Empires: DE Back Game Info Forums Age of Empires II: DE Back Game Info Expansions Back Animated Icon Bundles Chronicles: Alexander the Great Chronicles: Battle for Greece Back Overview Civilizations Dawn of the Dukes Dynasties of India Lords of the West The Mountain Royals Return of Rome The Three Kingdoms Back Overview Civilizations Victors and Vanquished PC Learn to Play Xbox Learn to Play Accessibility Red Bull Wololo Forums Age of Empires III: DE Back Game Info Expansions Back Knights of the Mediterranean Mexico Civilization The African Royals US Civilization Accessibility Forums Age of Empires IV Back Game Info Civilizations Expansions Back Dynasties of the East Knights of Cross and Rose The Sultans Ascend Xbox Learn to Play Accessibility Back Accessibility on PC Accessibility on Xbox Red Bull Wololo Forums UArizona Credit Age of Mythology: Retold Back Game Info Expansions Back Heavenly Spear Immortal Pillars Pantheons Accessibility Forums Age of Empires: Mobile Back Game Info Community Back Events Calendar Forums Stats Back Age of Empires: DE Age Of Empires II: DE Back Leaderboards My Stats Age of Empires III: DE Back Leaderboards My Stats Age of Empires IV Back Leaderboards Controller Leaderboards Ranked Seasons Controller Ranked Seasons My Stats Age of Mythology: Retold Back Leaderboards My Stats Wallpapers News Back Latest News Release Notes Sage of Empires ⁠Louvre Partnership Mods Back Browse Mods Subscribed Mods My Mods Submit a Mod Mod Guides Support Back Get Support Code of Conduct Play With Game Pass Buy Now Search Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Discord sign in sign in My Profile Log Out Age of Empires Home Live Stream Past Streams Recent News Read More Filter By Game Patches, Updates & Content Releases Pre-order the Expansion Pass for Age of Mythology: Retold Now! Patches, Updates & Content Releases
Announcement What’s Coming in 2026 for Age of Empires and Age of Mythology Patches, Updates & Content Releases Age of Empires IV – Patch 15.2.7380 Patches, Updates & Content Releases Age of Empires II: Definitive Edition – Update 162286 Read More Trailers Age of Empires Mobile: PC Edition Announce Trailer Age of Empires IV: Dynasties of the East Age of Empires II: DE - Chronicles: Alexander the Great Age of Mythology: Retold - Heavenly Spear Age of Empires IV: Knights of Cross and Rose Age of Mythology: Retold – Available Now! Age of Mythology: Retold – Xbox Games Showcase 2024 Age of Mythology Retold - Announce Trailer Age of Empires Mobile - Announce Teaser Age of Empires IV Xbox Console Launch Trailer Age of Empires II: Definitive Edition Console Launch Trailer Become an Age Insider! Insiders unlock access to exclusive news, updates, and opportunities to provide feedback about future releases. Here are some of the perks: Access to private forums where you can interact with Age developers The chance to join exclusive beta opportunities through Steam and the Windows Store Channels to provide feedback and inspire quality changes in your favorite Age titles Sign Up to Begin Note: You need an Xbox Live account. What's that? Europe Germany Terms of Use Trademarks Privacy and Cookies Consumer Health Privacy Code of Conduct World’s Edge Careers © 2025 Microsoft. All rights reserved. Sign In Please read and follow the Code of Conduct . Xbox Live If you would like to use an Xbox Live account (available for free, Microsoft account required) Sign in with your Microsoft Account Don't have a Microsoft or Xbox Live account? No problem, just create one for free by following the "Create one!" link on the sign-in page. If you prefer to login with your Steam or PlayStation Network Account: Steam Sign in with your Steam Account PlayStation Sign in with your PSN Account (Note: some areas of the site may require an Xbox Live / Microsoft account.) Privacy and Cookies The Insiders NDA has been updated. Please read and accept the new NDA. Read and Accept