AIER Search About People Governance Careers AIS Financials Contact Research Everyday Price Index Monetary Economics Economic Freedom Combatting Collectivism Public Choice and Public Policy Project Sound Money Project Library and Archives Cost of Living Calculator Publications Bookstore AIER Papers Explainers Podcasts Newsletters Fusion Business Conditions The Daily Economy Programs Harwood Salons Charleston Dallas-Fort Worth Nashville Raleigh Visiting Research Fellowships Graduate Fellowships Student Internships Seminars Harwood Graduate Colloquia Douglas B. Rogers Essay Competition Donate Give Today Ways to Give The 1933 Club Planned Giving Search Featured If Independent Agencies Are Unconstitutional, so Is the Fed Alexander W. Salter The Daily Economy The Court says expertise can’t override separation of powers. So why does the most powerful independent agency — the Fed — get a carveout? Featured Who Really Sets Tariffs—and How? David Hebert Explainers In this Explainer, we’ll seek to understand what tariffs are, who gets to set them, and under what conditions. Featured Regime Uncertainty: a Drag on the American Economy Jason Sorens The Daily Economy Dealmaking politics have left businesses unsure of the rules, holding back on investments, Tariffs can be priced in. Uncertainty can’t. Evergreens and Embers: What the Solstice Teaches Us About Economic Renewal Laura Williams The Daily Economy We conserve capital, tend embers, make plans, and orient ourselves toward the future. Prosperity demands we tend the embers, rather than curse the cold. 401(k)s Built America’s Wealth and Proved All the Critics Wrong Judge Glock The Daily Economy The rise of defined contribution accounts has given workers portability, flexibility, and a stake in America’s capital markets. What a 1980s Facial-Scar Experiment Shows About How We See Discrimination Jon Miltimore The Daily Economy Kleck and Strenta’s research suggests that what we expect from others often shapes how we think they see us. Santa The Economic Terrorist David Hebert The Daily Economy The bearded menace is sneakily importing $13 billion worth of gifts, exploiting elves, destroying jobs, and flouting borders, all to make us “merry.” Can Zohran Mamdani Force Doctors to Treat Patients? Richard Menger The Daily Economy Healthcare can be declared a right, but it cannot be delivered without willing providers. Closing the gap will require uncomfortable trade-offs. AIER Holiday Index: Pandemic Policies Still Raising Prices Peter C. Earle The Daily Economy Five years of interventionist policy, inflationary finance, and trade restrictions have steadily eroded consumers’ purchasing power. Student Programs Each year, we host hundreds of students and scholars on our historic campus. AIER’s Internships are unparalleled professional opportunities for students considering careers in economic research, academia, or the private sector. They provide college students and recent graduates the opportunity to work closely with staff on projects that align with both their interests and AIER’s mission. Whether it’s contributing to scholarly research, policy analysis, editorial writing, or working in other departments, our interns gain invaluable exposure. Learn More Invest in a Growth Mindset: The Antidote to America’s Black-Pilled Nihilism Barry Brownstein 7 Books to Read in 2026 on Economics and History The Editors Europe’s Confused Response to China’s Rise December 23, 2025 Is There Conservative Life After Trump? December 18, 2025 The Artist of Boomer Nostalgia December 16, 2025 The Trouble with Technological Prophecies December 16, 2025 Modernism Isn’t Opposed to Nationalism December 9, 2025 Why We’re Not Chimps December 4, 2025 Challenging 50 Years of Environmentalist Public Land Policy: A Response December 2, 2025 Be Thankful, Not Resentful November 27, 2025 Podcasts See All Total Boomer Luxury Communism with Russ Greene Qualified Opinions What’s So Great About Fed Independence? with John Cochrane and Tom Hoenig Qualified Opinions IEPA, Tariffs, and the Future of Executive Power with Donald J. Boudreaux & Scott Lincicome Qualified Opinions The Fight Against Graduate Unions with Jon Hartley Qualified Opinions Research See All Powell Pivots, Fed Cuts Rates as Jobs Market Weakens CBDCs Undermine Financial Privacy William J. Luther Inflation Remained Below Target in August William J. Luther Fed Rate Cuts: Better Late than Never William J. Luther Events See All No events scheduled. Latest Release Exploring the full range of conservative thought through conversations and debate. There has never been conformity or unanimity among conservatives. Conservatism contains many different factions and varieties of thought. The Philadelphia Society has always been dedicated to fostering conversation. This volume is published in that spirit. Buy Now See more books at Stone House Press 250 Division Street PO Box 1000 Great Barrington, MA 01230 888-528-1216 [email protected] AIER Updates Sign up for updates on research, projects, events, and general news from AIER. Email * Select list(s) to subscribe to Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from AIER. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank. About About Us People Careers AIS Financials Contact Research Issues Monetary Economics Economic Freedom Combatting Collectivism Public Choice and Public Policy Project Sound Money Project Library and Archives Publications AIER Papers Explainers Podcasts Newsletters Fusion Harwood Economic Review The Daily Economy Programs Events Visiting Research Fellowships Graduate Fellowships Student Internships Seminars Harwood Graduate Colloquia Douglas B. Rogers Essay Competition Donate 1933 Club Give Online Planned Giving ©2024 American Institute for Economic Research. AIER is a 501(c)(3) Nonprofit registered in the US under EIN: 04-2121305 Privacy Policy | Hosted by FatLab Web Support Beck&Stone