Face Swap
Video Face Swap
Face Swappers
AI Video
AI Image
AI TOOLS
English
LOGIN
Swap Face with AI Online



Enjoy the fun of AI face swapping online by simply uploading your photo.

It's free and requires no login. No watermarks on AI face swap image.




START FACE SWAPPING

PHOTO FACE SWAP VIDEO FACE SWAP GIF FACE SWAP



AI Face Swap Playground



Just upload photos and you can swap face for free

Single Face
Multiple Faces
Batch Faces

It's best to include one face in Original Image. You can also try multiple face swap.

Drop file here orclick to upload

Original image

Drop file here orclick to upload

Face image

Start face swapping
Face Swap History
Photo Template
use it
use it
use it
Join our FB group to share your fun face swaps.
JOIN US
How to Swap Your Face Online with Our AI Face Swapper?

With our AI Face Swap, effortlessly become whoever you want to be.

1
Open the AI face swap playground

Go to the AI Face Swap Playground and start face swapping.

2
Upload the photo you want to swap faces with

Upload your original photo in the 'Source Image' section, and upload the face you want to transform into in the 'Swap Face From' section.

3
Click the 'Swap Face' button

Now, just wait for the AI to generate, it will only take a few short seconds.

FEATURE
What are the core advantages of our free AI Face Swap online?

Experience fun or realistic face-swapping effects with our AI Face Swapper and discover the magical charm of AI face swapping.

Face swap in an instant

Our AI face swap online makes it effortless to seamlessly swap faces, whether it's adding sunglasses or dealing with obscured lighting. It flawlessly hides any editing traces, providing an incredibly authentic experience.


Start to swap face with AI >>
Generating amusing memes quickly

Why not stand out on your social media feeds with our AI face swap online? Just upload your photo and effortlessly swap faces with anyone to create hilarious and belly-aching effects. Share these fun meme ideas with your friends and spark laughter! Try it now and let the creativity flow!


Apply AIfaceswap Now >>
Transform into anyone you desire

With our AI face swap online tool, you have the power to transform into anyone you desire. Whether it's swapping faces with your favorite celebrity, your pet, or even your best friend, the possibilities are endless. Simply upload your photo and watch as our advanced technology seamlessly swaps your face with the chosen one, creating hilarious and entertaining results. Share your transformations with your friends on social media and watch as they marvel at your creativity and humor.


Give AI Face Swap a Try >>
FAQ
FAQs of AI Face Swap Website



Have questions about aifaceswap? We've got answers for you.

About AI Face Swap
What is AI face swap?
Is AI Face Swap 100% privacy safe?
Can I Try AI Face Swap Free?
Is there a mobile app for AI Face Swap?
About AI Face Swap Features
Are there any limitations to swap face with AI online for me?
What image formats does AI face swap support?
How can I achieve the best face-swapping effect?
How can I download the face-swapped image?
Does AI face swap support gender swapping?
About Face Swap Tool
Do you offer other face swap tools?
Does AIFaceswap add watermarks to the output?
Try Other Powerful Face Swap AI Tools for Free

Our powerful face swap tool can meet any of your requirements

Multiple Face Swap

Video Face Swap

Gender Swap

Free yourself with AI face swap. Enjoy endless creative fun.

Email: service@aifaceswap.io

 
 
Product
Face Swap
Multiple Face Swap
Video Face Swap
Gif Face Swap
Batch Face Swap
AI Attractiveness Test
Information
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
AI Solution
Features
API Service
Contact Us
Refund Policy
Content Policy

© AI FACE SWAP 2025, All rights reserved.