AIG Insurance Home | AIG US Skip To Main Content JavaScript has been disabled on this browser.
                            For a seamless experience, please enable the option to run JavaScript on this device BACK Risk Solutions + Risk Solutions At AIG, we give our clients and partners the confidence to look ahead knowing that they have a trusted partner to help them navigate challenges and realize opportunities. For brokers: Why Choose AIG? Overview Businesses  & Enterprise Solutions Why AIG: Solutions Information for Brokers + Product Highlight Sheet Library U.S. Producer Appointment & Licensing Your AIG Team Group Accident & Health + Corporate Accident & Health Specialty Accident & Health Captive Solutions Casualty + Excess Casualty Foreign Casualty Defense Base Act Primary Casualty AIG Risk Management Environmental + Pollution Incident & Environmental Response PIER Specialist Search Trucking WorldRisk Foreign Commercial Package Specialty Energy Middle Market Commercial Property + Retail Property Builders Risk Cyber Excess & Surplus Lines + Casualty Professional Liability: Architect & Engineers Professional Liability: Healthcare Property Builders Risk LexPro Western World Management & Professional Liability + Directors & Officers Liability Professional Liability Employment Practices Liability Fiduciary Liability Crime Kidnap, Ransom & Extortion Public Management Liability Private & Non-Profit Management Liability Financial Institutions Mergers & Acquisitions + Representations & Warranties Tax Liability Insurance M&A Claims Reports AIG Statement Series Multinational Solutions Programs + New Program Ideas Why AIG Programs Loss Control Services Loss Control Safety Bulletins Specialty Risks + Aerospace & Aviation + Airline Unmanned Aircraft Systems Trade Credit + TradEnable Political Risk Energy + Energy Property Marine + Ocean Cargo Inland Marine Marine Liability Warranty & Service Programs + Warranty Management Individuals & Families Solutions × Claims + Claims If you need to report a claim, you'll have a global team of AIG claims experts with you at every step throughout the process. AIG Claims Intelligence Series Overview Report a Claim Intellirisk Claims Risk Management + Contact IntelliRisk Catastrophe Preparedness + Hurricanes Floods Wildfires Winter Storms Earthquakes Workers' Compensation Why AIG Claims Global Claims Capabilities Claims Intelligence Series × Careers + Careers at AIG No matter where you are in your career—or in the world—here's your opportunity to reach your true potential at AIG. Find your place – apply today! Overview Experienced Professionals Students & Graduates Military & Veterans Life at AIG Benefits Purpose & Values AIG Talent Community Search Jobs × About + About AIG See how AIG is committed to making a positive difference in everything we do for our customers, our culture, and our communities around the world. Meet our leaders Overview Leadership & Governance + Corporate Governance Documents Corporate Responsibility + Culture & Inclusion + Employee Resource Groups Sustainability Political Activities & Contributions AIG Gives Back AIG Women's Open History Cyber & Information Security Disaster Notifications Social Media Guidelines Supplier Relations + Supplier Privacy Notices Supplier Diversity COVID-19 In Remembrance × Investors + Investor Relations By investing in AIG, you become part of something bigger than insurance: a commitment to a better, safer, and stronger future for the world around us. View our financial results Overview Annual Reports & Proxy Statements Financial Reporting SEC Filings Stock Information Webcasts & Presentations Contact Investor Relations & FAQs AIG 2024 Annual Report × News + AIG Newsroom Here you'll find everything from Stories by our thought leaders to the latest AIG news to what's happening on our social media and more. Read our Newsroom stories Overview Newsroom Stories News Releases Media Contacts FAQs × Contact + Contact AIG If you have questions or need more information, we'll help you find the right person to talk to. For account support, claims corporate information or to pay a bill: CALL US TOLL-FREE Tel : 800-225-5244 Overview Individuals Business Claims Investors Press Careers Suppliers × Submit Login LOGIN Log in to pay bills, manage policies, view documents, company news, materials & more. Individuals Private Client Group Policyholders in the U.S. can make online payments. Login Workers’ Compensation (AIG Go WC) Access workers’ compensation claims information, including FAQs, payments, prescription data, doctor information, and more. Login Businesses Report a Claim Report Aerospace, Commercial Auto, General Liability, Property, and Workers’ Compensation claims. Login Dental, Group Life, and AD&D Claims Employers and employees can access claim forms, claim reports, and information on claim status. Login IntelliRisk Advanced Clients and brokers can file claims, manage risks, and access claims data from 100+ countries. Login myAIG Client Portal for Multinational Track the status of controlled master programs, view policy details, download policy documents, access invoices, and more. Login AIG Multinational Insurance Fundamentals Receive free, accredited online training in multinational risk assessment and program design. Login Brokers & Agents myAIG Portal for North America Generate loss runs, download policy documents, access applications and tools, and more. Login Report a Claim Report Aerospace, Commercial Auto, General Liability, Property, and Workers’ Compensation claims. Login IntelliRisk Advanced Clients and brokers can file claims, manage risks, and access claims data from 100+ countries. Login myAIG Portal for Multinational Track the status of controlled master programs, view policy details, download policy documents, access invoices, and more. Login AIG Multinational Insurance Fundamentals Receive free, accredited online training in multinational risk assessment and program design. Login U.S. Producer Appointment and Licensing Submit requests to become an AIG appointed brokerage/agent, expand or terminate your current AIG appointment. Login Risk Managers Report a Claim Report Aerospace, Commercial Auto, General Liability, Property, and Workers’ Compensation claims. Login IntelliRisk Advanced Clients and brokers can file claims, manage risks, and access claims data from 100+ countries. Login AIG Multinational Insurance Fundamentals Receive free, accredited online training in multinational risk assessment and program design. Login myAIG Client Portal for Multinational Track the status of controlled master programs, view policy details, download policy documents, access invoices, and more. Login Contact Us Log in to pay bills, manage policies, view documents, company news, materials & more. close INDIVIDUALS BUSINESSES BROKERS & AGENTS RISK MANAGERS Private Client Group Policyholders in the U.S. can make online payments. Login Workers’ Compensation (AIG Go WC) Access workers’ compensation claims information, including FAQs, payments, prescription data, doctor information, and more. Login Report a Claim Report Aerospace, Commercial Auto, General Liability, Property, and Workers’ Compensation claims. Login Dental, Group Life, and AD&D Claims Employers and employees can access claim forms, claim reports, and information on claim status. Login IntelliRisk Advanced Clients and brokers can file claims, manage risks, and access claims data from 100+ countries. Login myAIG Portal for Multinational Track the status of controlled master programs, view policy details, download policy documents, access invoices, and more. Login AIG Multinational Insurance Fundamentals Receive free, accredited online training in multinational risk assessment and program design. Login myAIG Portal for North America Generate loss runs, download policy documents, access applications and tools, and more. Login Report a Claim Report Aerospace, Commercial Auto, General Liability, Property, and Workers’ Compensation claims. Login IntelliRisk Advanced Clients and brokers can file claims, manage risks, and access claims data from 100+ countries. Login myAIG Portal for Multinational Track the status of controlled master programs, view policy details, download policy documents, access invoices, and more. Login AIG Multinational Insurance Fundamentals Receive free, accredited online training in multinational risk assessment and program design. Login U.S. Producer Appointment and Licensing Submit requests to become an AIG appointed brokerage/agent, expand or terminate your current AIG appointment. Login Report a Claim Report Aerospace, Commercial Auto, General Liability, Property, and Workers’ Compensation claims. Login IntelliRisk Advanced Clients and brokers can file claims, manage risks, and access claims data from 100+ countries. Login AIG Multinational Insurance Fundamentals Receive free, accredited online training in multinational risk assessment and program design. Login myAIG Portal for Multinational Track the status of controlled master programs, view policy details, download policy documents, access invoices, and more. Login Contact us 2024 AIG Women’s Open Wins LPGA Gold Drive Award for Best Player Experience AIG Reports Excellent Third Quarter 2025 Results AIG delivered exceptional results for the third quarter, reflecting the strong progress we have made against the financial objectives we set at Investor Day. Listen to the replay Peter Zaffino Speaks with TIME on Shaping AIG’s Future AIG Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino recently spoke with TIME, where he discussed AIG’s successful transformation, how we are shaping the future through GenAI and navigating risk. Read the full interview AIG Women’s Open Wins the LPGA’s Gold Driver Award for Best Player Experience for the Second Year in a Row The recognition underscores AIG and The R&A’s continued efforts to elevate the quality of the Championship to new heights. Read more clear close clear close About AIG We are American International Group, Inc, (AIG), a leading global insurance organization providing a wide range of property casualty insurance and other financial services. We provide world-class products and expertise to businesses and individuals in more than 200 countries and jurisdictions through AIG operations, licenses and authorizations as well as network partners. And we are committed to using our insights and thought leadership to not only manage risks, but to make real positive differences in every community we serve. Get to know us better . Risk Solutions Individuals Businesses Explore our industry-leading solutions for individuals, from travel and personal accident insurance to coverage for Private Clients. Discover product & services Discover how we’re helping businesses identify emerging challenges and reduce risk, so they can reach their full potential. Discover product & services Risk Managers Explore the products and tools we offer to help build an effective risk management program. Discover products & services Multinational Log In Brokers & Agents Learn why AIG is the best partner to develop market-leading risk solutions for our clients. Discover products & services Log In now AIG Performance & Initiatives Forward We Go In his annual letter to shareholders, Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino reflects on AIG’s turnaround, the trends shaping the insurance industry and how the company is well positioned for long-term growth. Read the 2024 Annual Report AIG’s Unprecedented Turnaround Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino highlighted AIG’s unprecedented turnaround and unparalleled opportunities at the company’s Investor Day. Listen to the replay Peter Zaffino discusses AI with Alex Karp and Dario Amodei At AIG’s Investor Day, Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino was joined by the CEOs of Palantir and Anthropic and CNBC’s Sara Eisen for a discussion on how GenAI is reshaping insurance. Watch the video AIG Investor Day 2025 AIG Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino joined Sara Eisen, CNBC Anchor, and Dario Amodei, Co-founder & CEO of Anthropic, to discuss AIG's unprecedented transformation and how we are enabling growth by partnering with companies like Anthropic to implement AI. Watch the video AIG Newsroom AIG Raises the Standard in Women's Golf The AIG Women's Open champions women's golf with historic prizes and initiatives that push the sport forward. Watch the video What brokers need to know about captive solutions As the costs of managing risks rise, watch AIG’s Ryan Gustafson highlight what brokers need to know when speaking to clients about alternative risk solutions. Watch the video Joining forces with AIG’s broker partners to help communities in need Kelly Lennon talks about how she lives AIG’s purpose and values through volunteering with broker partners. Watch the video Explore AIG Careers around the world Find your place on the diverse team of experts and move your career—and world—forward. View Careers video_trigger_promo-2 video_trigger_promo-1 video_trigger_hero FOLLOW US facebook instagram linkedin youtube EXPLORE Risk Solutions Claims Investor Relations Careers About AIG Newsroom Contact AIG Worldwide LEGAL About AIG Ads Terms of Use Cookie Policy Privacy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Legal Notice Accessibility Statement Enterprise Resilience SUPPORT Producer Notifications Fraud Warning Copyright © 1997-{{year}}  American International Group, Inc. All rights reserved. American International Group, Inc. (NYSE: AIG) is a leading global insurance organization. AIG provides insurance solutions that help businesses and individuals in more than 200 countries and jurisdictions protect their assets and manage risks through AIG operations, licenses and authorizations as well as network partners. For additional information, visit www.aig.com . This website with additional information about AIG has been provided as a convenience, and the information contained on such website is not incorporated by reference herein. AIG is the marketing name for the worldwide operations of American International Group, Inc. All products and services are written or provided by subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc. Products or services may not be available in all countries and jurisdictions, and coverage is subject to underwriting requirements and actual policy language. Non-insurance products and services may be provided by independent third parties. Certain property casualty coverages may be provided by a surplus lines insurer. Surplus lines insurers do not generally participate in state guaranty funds, and insureds are therefore not protected by such funds. DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION The California Consumer privacy Act gives California residents the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of their personal information. A "sale" is the exchange of personal information for payment or other valuable consideration and includes certain advertising and anatytics practices. "Sharing" means the disclosure of personal information for behavioral advertising purposes, where the informatirm used to serve ads is collected across different online services. Opt-out from the sale or sharing of your personal information. Your request to opt out will be specific to the browser from which you submit your request, and you will need to submit another request from any other browser you use to accessour website. Additionally, if you clear cookies from your browser after submitting an opt-out request, you will clear the cookie that we used to honor your request. For this reason, you will have to submit a new opt-out request. For information about our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Notice . close DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION Thank you. We have received your request to opt out of the sale/sharing of personal information. More information about our privacy practices. close Top