Skip To Main Content
RISK SOLUTIONS
+
CLAIMS
+
CAREERS
+
ABOUT
+
INVESTORS
+
NEWS
+
CONTACT
+
search
LOGIN
AIG Reports Excellent Third Quarter 2025 Results

AIG delivered exceptional results for the third quarter, reflecting the strong progress we have made against the financial objectives we set at Investor Day.

Listen to the replay
Peter Zaffino Speaks with TIME on Shaping AIG’s Future

AIG Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino recently spoke with TIME, where he discussed AIG’s successful transformation, how we are shaping the future through GenAI and navigating risk.

Read the full interviewexternal_link
AIG Women’s Open Wins the LPGA’s Gold Driver Award for Best Player Experience for the Second Year in a Row

The recognition underscores AIG and The R&A’s continued efforts to elevate the quality of the Championship to new heights.

Read more
About AIG

We are American International Group, Inc, (AIG), a leading global insurance organization providing a wide range of property casualty insurance and other financial services. We provide world-class products and expertise to businesses and individuals in more than 200 countries and jurisdictions through AIG operations, licenses and authorizations as well as network partners. And we are committed to using our insights and thought leadership to not only manage risks, but to make real positive differences in every community we serve. Get to know us better.

Risk Solutions
INDIVIDUALS
BUSINESSES

Discover how we’re helping businesses identify emerging challenges and reduce risk, so they can reach their full potential.

Discover product & services
Risk Managers

Explore the products and tools we offer to help build an effective risk management program.

Discover products & services
Multinational Log In
Brokers & Agents

Learn why AIG is the best partner to develop market-leading risk solutions for our clients.

Discover products & services
Log In now
AIG Performance & Initiatives
Forward We Go

In his annual letter to shareholders, Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino reflects on AIG’s turnaround, the trends shaping the insurance industry and how the company is well positioned for long-term growth.

Read the 2024 Annual Report
AIG’s Unprecedented Turnaround

Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino highlighted AIG’s unprecedented turnaround and unparalleled opportunities at the company’s Investor Day. 

Listen to the replay
Peter Zaffino discusses AI with Alex Karp and Dario Amodei

At AIG’s Investor Day, Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino was joined by the CEOs of Palantir and Anthropic and CNBC’s Sara Eisen for a discussion on how GenAI is reshaping insurance.

Watch the video
AIG Investor Day 2025

AIG Chairman & CEO Peter Zaffino joined Sara Eisen, CNBC Anchor, and Dario Amodei, Co-founder & CEO of Anthropic, to discuss AIG's unprecedented transformation and how we are enabling growth by partnering with companies like Anthropic to implement AI.

Watch the video
AIG Newsroom 
AIG Raises the Standard in Women's Golf

The AIG Women's Open champions women's golf with historic prizes and initiatives that push the sport forward.

Watch the video
What brokers need to know about captive solutions

As the costs of managing risks rise, watch AIG’s Ryan Gustafson highlight what brokers need to know when speaking to clients about alternative risk solutions.

Watch the video
Joining forces with AIG’s broker partners to help communities in need

Kelly Lennon talks about how she lives AIG’s purpose and values through volunteering with broker partners. 

Watch the video
Explore AIG Careers around the world

Find your place on the diverse team of experts and move your career—and world—forward.

View Careers

FOLLOW US

FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
LINKEDIN
YOUTUBE
EXPLORE
Risk Solutions
Claims
Investor Relations
Careers

  

About AIG
Newsroom
Contact AIG
Worldwide
LEGAL
About AIG Ads
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Legal Notice
Accessibility Statement
Enterprise Resilience
SUPPORT
Producer Notifications
Fraud Warning

Copyright © 1997-2025  American International Group, Inc. All rights reserved.

American International Group, Inc. (NYSE: AIG) is a leading global insurance organization. AIG provides insurance solutions that help businesses and individuals in more than 200 countries and jurisdictions protect their assets and manage risks through AIG operations, licenses and authorizations as well as network partners. For additional information, visit www.aig.com. This website with additional information about AIG has been provided as a convenience, and the information contained on such website is not incorporated by reference herein.

AIG is the marketing name for the worldwide operations of American International Group, Inc. All products and services are written or provided by subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc. Products or services may not be available in all countries and jurisdictions, and coverage is subject to underwriting requirements and actual policy language. Non-insurance products and services may be provided by independent third parties. Certain property casualty coverages may be provided by a surplus lines insurer. Surplus lines insurers do not generally participate in state guaranty funds, and insureds are therefore not protected by such funds.