AIHelp
Features
Pricing
Customers
Developers
Company
Get Free Trial
Maximize your return using THE BEST
AI services of In-App Support and Operations 
AI Chatbot, In-App Chat & Feedback, Customizable AI Forms, In-App Operation and MORE
 Get Free Trial
Learn More
MOBILE USER SUPPORT

Give customers what they want, quick and easy resolutions to their issues. AIHelp helps you provide personalized support when and where they need it, so customers stay happy and satisfied. AIHelp enables you customize your support and configure any workflow, the software is powerful enough to handle the most complex business, yet flexible enough to scale with you as you grow. Mobile version is a completely SDK messaging and Chat API for Mobile support include many built-in packages such as In-App Messaging, AI Chat Bots, In-App operation, Push Notification, Smart Auto-Form and more. Currently thousands of games / Apps are running AIHelp’s SDK in their product which helped them for higher rankings and retention.

Learn More
WEB CUSTOMER SUPPORT

Online Customers prefer starting a live chat conversation to learn more about your product / services instantly, making Web Chat drive your desktop users to buy start asking for your Service / product. AIHelp’s web chat experience has that friendly, conversational feel that your website visitors demand, so much so that they might not even realize they are INITIALLY speaking with a bot.

Learn More
INTEGRATED SUPPORT PLATFORM

As a mobile messaging channel, AIHelp is highly effective. In latest Mobile Engagement Benchmark Survey, we found that in-app messaging typically receives 8x the direct response rates of push notifications where AIHelp designed all functions customizable to enable you meet your customer desires.

AIHelp allows developers to put help right at their customers’ fingertips. Developers can reach out and offer support, provide information, or start a conversation. And because it’s so seamlessly integrated in-app or web page, the experience feels magical, It allows you to extend the functionality of AIHelp, so you can stretch and build in countless directions to meet the needs of your businesses. Its power comes from the ease and flexibility of use. But since it enables almost unlimited customization, its style comes from you.

Learn More
SUPPORTED PLATFORMS

We’re always on the edge of the technology trends and now actively across many support channels and compatible with all major platforms.

In each particular case developers design a specific technological stack to sustain needs of the application, as well as to make it stable and fast, so that developers integrated AIHelp's SDK due to the high stability and functionality.

Learn More
 

4 B+

 

DEVICES

 

800 M+

 

MONTHLY
ACTIVE USERS

 

150 M+

 

MOBLILE
ENGAGEMENT

 

9

 

YEARS IN
BUSINESS

 

100+

 

TEAM
MEMBERS

 

30K

 

HAPPY
CLIENTS

 

80K

 

APPS
SUPPORTING

With such a large community, to guarantee a highly efficient customer service, we have teamed up with out partner AIHelp’ who support us by providing an automated chatbots, which helped us to provide a number of solutions for many of our receiving issues. 80% of issues that our customers face are solved using chatbots

AHMED SALEM
Member Of The Operational Team Last Empire-War Z

GET LOYAL, ENGAGED USERS

Schedule your call for in-depth product review with our expert to get most out of AIHelp Platform
that benefit your business in term of Customer Support & Product Operations.

Get Free Trial Schedule Now
AIHelp

© SHAREFUN NETWORK PTE. LTD.
All rights reserved.

Terms | Privacy | AI Compliance

QUICK LINKS
Home
Features
Pricing
Customers
LINKS
Company
Developers
FOLLOW US
fb tw in