Home | Education For All Skip to main content Help Desk Screen Reader 051-111-112-468 - A A + A Select your language English اردو Admission Open For Semester Spring 2026 1st International Conference Frontiers in Science (ICFS 2026) Admissions Announcement AD & BS Psychology Department of Psychology MBA/MPA Viva Result Held on 22 Oct, 2025 Convocation 2025 Registration Open Important Announcement For All Students Provisional Merit List PMY Laptop Scheme Certificate/Degree Processing Requirements Examinations Department Main navigation Home About Vice Chancellor Message AIOU at a Glance Strategic Plan 2025-30 Organization Overview Center of Excellence Seerat-un-Nabi (ﷺ) Chair Iqbal Chair on Tasawwuf and Muslim Thoughts Chair for Creating Archives of Intelligentsia of Pakistan Administration ADMINISTRATIVE DEPARTMENTS Vice Chancellor Office Registrar Office Treasurer Office Directorate of Regional Services Directorate of Admissions & Mailing Directorate of Planning & Development Directorate of Public Relations Directorate of Purchase Directorate of Works ADMINISTRATIVE DEPARTMENTS Directorate of Information & Communication Technology Directorate of International Collaboration & Exchange Directorate of Academic Planning & Course Production Directorate of Students Advisory & Counselling Services Office of Research Innovation & Commercialization Board of Advance Studies & Research Institute of Educational Technology Quality Enhancement Cell Print Production Unit ADMINISTRATIVE DEPARTMENTS Examination Department Central Library Transport Section Security Section Health Care Centre Estate Office Day Care Center Hostels Academics Faculties Faculty of Arabic and Islamic Studies Faculty of Education Faculty of Sciences Faculty of Social Sciences and Humanities Centre for Languages and Translation Studies (CeLTS) Programmes PhD Programmes MPhil / MS Programmes Bachelor Programmes B.Ed Programmes Higher Secondary School Certificate Post Graduate Diploma Open Courses STEP / Certificate Courses Secondary School Certificate Admissions Prospectus of Spring 2026 Admissions (OAS) Enrollment (CMS) Admission Objections (Manual Forms) Guidance & Help Examinations Results (Web Based) Results CMS Date Sheet Degree Case Tracking Verification Case Tracking Assignments Schedule Assignment Question Papers Guidance & Help Research AIOU Journals AIOU Conferences / Seminars AIOU IRI AIOU IN MEDIA News Clippings Videos Events Contact Us Quick Links AIOU Help Desk AIOU LIVE (FM Radio/TV) AIOU Library Academic Calendar Books Strategic Plan 2025-30 Center of Excellence for CPEC Directorate of AP&CP Directorate of ICE Email (AIOU employees only) FAQ's Financial Support Scheme ICMAP Study Material Institute of Educational Technology Jamia Nama Jobs MIT Open Courseware News & Views OAS (For Program Coordinators) Online Book Store Overseas Pakistan Citizen's Portal Pakistan Infographic Quality Enhancement RTI (Right To Information) Regional Campuses Tender Notices Home Admission (OAS) Enrollment (CMS) Aaghi (LMS) Academic Calendar Books E-Resource Results What we do? Student Services Date Sheet Book Tracking Downloads Assignments Financial Support Scheme Workshop Schedule Date Sheet fas fa-calendar-alt Read more Book Tracking fas fa-warehouse Read more Downloads fas fa-download Read more Assignments fas fa-book Read more Financial Support Scheme fas fa-hand-holding-usd Read more Workshop Schedule fas fa-calendar-check Read more Whats Happening News & Events Department of Psychology – Admissions Announcement "BS Psychology (4-Year) & Associate Degree (2-Year)" News 24, Dec 2025 1st International Conference Frontiers in Science (ICFS 2026) News 16, Dec 2025 Results of all programs of Face to Face mode, for Spring 2025 semester are announced News 14, Sep 2025 Pakistan Citizen Portal News 22, Feb 2023 Certificate/ Degree Processing Requirements News 20, Jan 2023 AIOU Where we serve? Regions All Punjab KPK Sindh Balochistan Gilgit-Baltistan/Federal Areas/AJK Multan Region Punjab Peshawar Region KPK Karachi Region Sindh Quetta Region Balochistan Kalat Region Balochistan Dera Murad jumali Region Balochistan Hyderabad Region Sindh Larkana Region Sindh Abbottabad Region KPK Mardan Region KPK Load More About us Overview 01. mission 02. promise 03. core values Allama Iqbal Open University, the largest university of Asia in distance education, which primarily focuses on the educational needs of masses by providing quality education at their doorsteps all over the country and by blurring spatial and temporal boundaries. Currently, the university offers unique educational opportunities to a huge proportion of 1 million students in a diverse and dynamic range of programs starting from Matriculation to the PhD level. The University exclusively focuses on enhancing female literacy ratio in the country so that women can perform their vital role in the process of national progress and development. The university takes same special initiatives for the underprivileged and marginalized segments of the society not only for their economic empowerment but also for poverty alleviation in the country. The main objectives of the University as enunciated in the Act are as under: To provide educational facilities to people who cannot leave their homes and jobs in such manner as it may determine. To provide such facilities to the masses for their educational uplift as it may determine. To provide facilities for the training of teachers in such manner as it may determine. Statistics 54 Regional Offices 4 Faculties 1027000 Current Enrollment 4487044 Alumni Gallery Educational Collaborations Collaborations Prof. Dr. Zia Ul-Qayyum " Vice Chancellor Message " Welcome to Allama Iqbal Open University, the largest university of Asia in distance education, which primarily focuses on the educational needs of masses by providing quality education at their doorsteps all over the country and by blurring spatial and temporal boundaries. Currently, the university offers unique educational opportunities to a huge proportion of 1.4 million students in a diverse and dynamic range of programs starting from Matriculation to the PhD level. Prof. Dr. Nasir Mahmood Faculty of Education " Dean Message " The University exclusively focuses on enhancing female literacy ratio in the country so that women can perform their vital role in the process of national progress and development. The university takes same special initiatives for the underprivileged and marginalized segments of the society not only for their economic empowerment but also for poverty alleviation in the country. Prof. Dr Shah Mohyuddin Hashmi Faculty of Arabic And Islamic Studies " Dean Message " Islamic Studies is very important and base of Education in Islamic Republic of Pakistan and no University can be completed without it. This is why from the start of AIOU, The Institute of Arabic &amp; Islamic Studies was established in 1974.This Institute prepared and offered many courses of Islamic Studies and Arabic Language from Secondary School to Graduation level. Prof. Dr. Irshad Ahmed Arshad Faculty of Sciences " Dean Message " The Faculty of Sciences at AIOU was first established in 1982 with only five departments and limited number of undergraduate and basic functional courses. Over last three to four years five new departments and a range of higher degree programs are added to the portfolio of Faculty of Sciences. Most of the departments, in the Faculty, are now engaged in the development / offering of highly technical, scientific and professional. Prof. Dr. Syed Hassan Raza Faculty of Social Sciences And Humanities " Dean Message " First established in 1981 with five departments, the Faculty of Social Sciences and Humanities has over the Years, flourished to become by far the largest Faculty of the University. It, today consists of fifteen departments offering programmes at different levels in various areas like Business Administration, Economics, Mass Communication, Sociology, Women Studies, Urdu, Library &amp; Information Sciences, History, Pakistan Studies. Contact Us Main Campus Sector H-8, Islamabad Mail support@aiou.edu.pk Phone 051 111 112 468 ▶ Play ⏹ Stop Radio Stream ✕ Your browser does not support the audio element. Contact info Address : Sector H-8, Islamabad support@aiou.edu.pk 051 111 112 468 Helpdesk Quick Links About Us Jobs Tender Notices Downloads Research ORIC AIOU Library For Query Email Us adms@aiou.edu.pk (Admission) exam@aiou.edu.pk (Examination) tr_drs@aiou.edu.pk (Regional Services) sfc@aiou.edu.pk (Student Advisory) fee@aiou.edu.pk (Treasurer) © Copyright AIOU 2025. All Rights Reserved Quick Links AIOU Help Desk AIOU LIVE (FM Radio/TV) AIOU Library Academic Calendar Books Strategic Plan 2025-30 Center of Excellence for CPEC Directorate of AP&CP Directorate of ICE Email (AIOU employees only) FAQ's Financial Support Scheme ICMAP Study Material Institute of Educational Technology Jamia Nama Jobs MIT Open Courseware News & Views OAS (For Program Coordinators) Online Book Store Overseas Pakistan Citizen's Portal Pakistan Infographic Quality Enhancement RTI (Right To Information) Regional Campuses Tender Notices About The Allama Iqbal Open University was established in May, 1974, with the main objectives of providing educational opportunities to masses and to those who cannot leave their homes and jobs. During all these past years, the University has more than fulfilled this promise.