AIPRM: Your Cheat Code for ChatGPT like ChatGPT, Claude & Midjourney · AIPRM AIPRM Chinese simplified Deutsch English English (Australian) English (British) English (Ireland) Español French French (Canada) French (Switzerland) Italiano Magyar Nederlands Português Türkçe 한국어 日本語 Login Install For Free Open main menu Products How to install AIPRM? A quick-start guide. AIPRM for ChatGPT AIPRM for Claude Industries Features Generative AI Tutorials Pricing Solo Plans & Prices Team Plans & Prices Prompts GPTs Resources NOT in MegaMenu Online Stores About Customers Testimonials Company Careers Contact Media Coverage Tutorials Get the most out of AIPRM. Blog Insights, tips, and tactics. AIPRM Community AIPRM's user-to-user help forum. Education Learn about AI's ripple effects. AI Glossary From A to Z, a compendium of AI terms. AI Laws Around the World Insights on global AI Regulations. AI Guides Applied AI for small businesses. AIPRM vs. others A sober look at the competition. Updates from the AI World Get the latest AI news and insights. Find the AIPRM collection of AI-related research and gain insights into the latest changes and trends within the AI industry. Read Articles Your Cheat Code for ChatGPT Don't miss out on this productivity boost! Start using AIPRM now for FREE. AIPRM is the Ultimate Time Saver for ChatGPT and other AI models! Trusted by over 2 million users and some of the world’s biggest brands. Install AIPRM for ChatGPT High Quality AI Prompt Library Access a vast repository of over 4000 expertly crafted prompts, each heavily used, reviewed and approved by our dedicated AI community.
These prompts … Learn more about this feature Private Prompts for You and Your Team Create your own prompts and organize them for continuous use. Make it easy to access and reuse, for yourself and your team. Learn more about this feature Custom GPT Community Prompts Browse all Custom GPTs and manage prompts for each GPT. AIPRM’s Custom GPT integration lets you to take your Custom GPT usage to a new level. Learn more about this feature Explore all AIPRM Features As Seen On Computer Woche DE View Media Link 1 Upwork View Media Link 1 Forbes View Media Link 1 View Media Link 2 View Media Link 3 View Media Link 4 View Media Link 5 MSN View Media Link 1 View Media Link 2 View Media Link 3 View Media Link 4 View Media Link 5 View Media Link 6 Zapier View Media Link 1 Seeking Alpha View Media Link 1 Liverpool Echo UK View Media Link 1 Daily Record UK View Media Link 1 Mirror UK View Media Link 1 ZDNet DE View Media Link 1 The US Sun View Media Link 1 Install AIPRM for ChatGPT Watch video Some Stats about AIPRM 2,000,000+ Users 5,400+ Public Prompts 345,000+ Private Prompts Designed for You and Your Teams AIPRM provides efficient and affordable AI on top of ChatGPT. AI statistics show that 53% of business owners expect AI to save them time. So, use AIPRM and spend more of your time on your business. AIPRM for ChatGPT Start for free with 5,400+ Prompts Learn how AIPRM for ChatGPT can help you AIPRM for Claude Start for free with 5,400+ Prompts Learn how AIPRM for Claude can help you You’ll be in Good Company Trusted by over 2,000,000 users and some of the world's biggest brands What Our Customers Say Revolutionized My Content Writing: Highly Effective and Relevant "This makes it much easier for me to write content. Very relevant and effective.” Marie-Claude Beaufort Owner & Founder at JUNI Zodiaque Shop AIPRM: A User's Perspective - Unlocking Clarity and Efficiency in Script Creation "My name is Moisés Munguia. I heard first time about AIPRM in a Youtube channel. At first, It was not so clear how It works, but after a couple of hours, became very easy. AIPRM has helped me in use the correct tool or prompt to do the correct script. …” Moises Munguia Material's Manager at Poliuretanos Summa Woodbridge Helps a lot with Marketing "Helps me a lot with my marketing job!” Amir Perez Founder/Marketing Manager at Nodriza Mercadotecnia Product is Amazing "Making life easier you would think you need to spend 2 hours on something, but with AIPRM it makes your life quite easier, product is amazing.” Aleksandar Perisic HubSpot Web Developer at Cognigy Very good! Gianni Marinho Systems Analyst & Traffic Manager at sempreaberto.com This extension certainly made my team 1000% more productive "Output > Any Language you wish, Tone > Any tone you wish > Style -  Any style you wish. = Continue = Clarify, Exemplify, Expand, Explain, Rewrite, Shorten.  If chatGPT hasn't made my team 1000% more productive this extension certainly has. Great …” Michael Conner Founder & Owner at Standard Private Label Incredibly great! "This is incredibly great! Thank you for creating this extension!” Lenka Blazekova SEO Manager at Freelancer I love AIPRM! "Loving your app! Its my number one AI assistant for Chat GPT!” Ally Cohen Business Owner at 4aShopOnline AI Research & Resources 50+ Must-Know Statistics on Bias in AI for 2025/26 Discover the latest bias in AI Models, including gender bias in AI, political and background issues, how to reduce bias in AI, and much more Read More 50+ AI Adoption Statistics You Need to Know For 2025/26 Discover the latest AI Adoption Rates by Industry, Geographic data, Challenges in AI adoption, and more. Read More 50+ OpenAI Statistics 2025 This report uncovers key OpenAI statistics on market worth, OpenAI revenue, product usage, website traffic, ChatGPT usage, the future of OpenAI, and more. Read More Recent Articles 17 Ways to Smash Christmas Planning Using AI 25 November 2025 · 14 mins Christoph C. Cemper If you know how to use it properly, AI can turn weeks of deliberation and planning into definite, actionable task lists and solutions within minutes. How to Write Effective AI Prompts 10 January 2024 · 7 mins Christoph C. Cemper Master the art of prompt engineering in generative AI models like ChatGPT. Brand Voice and Tone with ChatGPT 8 January 2024 · 5 mins Christoph C. Cemper Learn how to get a consistent brand voice and tone from ChatGPT’s output and why it’s important to your content strategy. Popular ChatGPT Prompts and GPTs Uncover SEO Facts: Boost Your Knowledge Writing Prompts Discover SEO facts to enhance your understanding and improve … Total Views 53 Total Votes 0 Usage 41 Muhammad Zulqarnain May 16, 2024 Create great meta descriptions from a keyword list Ideation Prompts Let the AI create some killer, high conversion meta descriptions to … Total Views 771 Total Votes 0 Usage 405 Joe Newell February 19, 2023 Boost Your Social Media Engagement: Proven Content Ideas Accounting Prompts Generate a list of 10 unique and engaging post ideas that are tailored … Total Views 21,828 Total Votes 1 Usage 13,919 Erikpin February 19, 2023 High Ranking Hashtag Generator Writing Prompts Get the 30 highest ranking hashtags for Instagram related to your post … Total Views 5,748 Total Votes 0 Usage 4,345 AstroJelly March 20, 2023 Install AIPRM for ChatGPT Feel connected anytime, anywhere. Install AIPRM now for free You may find these links helpful AIPRM AIPRM is a prompt management tool and community-driven prompt library. Use it to complete marketing, sales, operation, productivity, and customer support tasks in minutes that used to take hours with ready-to-use prompts for ChatGPT, Claude, Midjourney, and DALL-E 3. Company About Industries Features Generative AI Solo Pricing Team Pricing Careers Blog Help center Tutorials User Community Changelog Status Billing & FAQ Legal Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Terms of Use Browser Extension Terms Billing Terms Download How to install Google Chrome Microsoft Edge All payments are processed by Stripe, Inc. © 2025 All logos, trademarks, and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. AIPRM and other related brand names are registered trademarks and are protected by international trademark laws. Registered trademarks include USPTO 97778465, 97866052 and EU CTM EU18823472, EU18830896. Unauthorized trademark use is prohibited, and may be a violation of federal and state trademark laws. AIPRM® is a registered trademark of AIPRM, Corp. ↑