Buy eSIMs for international travel - Airalo | Airalo Directs to Airalo homepage. Menu Log in Opens option to log in to an existing Airalo account. Sign up Opens option sign up for an Airalo account. Home Directs to Airalo homepage. eSIM Store Directs to eSIM store. How Airalo Works Directs to How Airalo works webpage. About Airalo Directs to About Airalo webpage. Magazine Directs to Airalo magazine. Help Directs to Airalo help center. Opens currency selection menu when selected. Opens language selection menu when selected. Opens language selection menu when selected. Opens currency selection menu when selected. Log in Opens option to log in to an existing Airalo account. Sign up Opens option sign up for an Airalo account. Home Directs to Airalo homepage. eSIM Store Directs to eSIM store. How Airalo Works Directs to How Airalo works webpage. About Airalo Directs to About Airalo webpage. Magazine Directs to Airalo magazine. Help Directs to Airalo help center. Provides list of locations based on entered search term. Locations Opens list of locations for eSIMs. Popular locations Thailand Turkey China Indonesia United States Singapore Brazil United Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia Ireland Japan Mexico Directs to products for this location when selected. Explore eSIM Store Regional and global eSIMs Africa Asia Caribbean Islands Europe European Union and United Kingdom Latin America Middle East and North Africa North America Oceania Global hero-carousel.homepage-aria-desc A better way to stay connected Buy eSIMs for affordable, flexible coverage around the world — choose from 200+ locations. Explore eSIM Store global.explore-esim-store-cta-aria-desc Sign up Opens option sign up for an Airalo account. Download iOS app Directs to Airalo page of Apple's App Store. Rating 4.7 Download Android app Directs to Airalo page of Google Play store. Rating 4.6 Why do over 20 million people choose Airalo? Local, regional, and global coverage for 200+ locations Flexible packages, including unlimited data options App available in 53 languages, multiple currencies Easy installation and set up to get connected in minutes Displays video content related to Airalo's products and features. How it works Displays video content related to How Airalo works Learn with Airalo Displays video content related to learning about Airalo and eSIMs Displays embedded video content. What is an eSIM? Get eSIMs for popular locations Explore our most popular eSIMs — packages start from the shown price. View all locations Directs to all coverage locations when selected. Thailand 4.00 € Turkey 4.00 € China 4.00 € Indonesia 4.00 € United States 4.00 € Singapore 4.00 € Brazil 4.00 € United Arab Emirates 4.00 € Saudi Arabia 4.00 € Ireland 4.00 € Japan 4.00 € Mexico 4.00 € Directs to eSIMs for the selected location. Popular Displays popular eSIM packages that can be purchased when selected. Local Displays eSIM packages for specific countries that can be purchased when selected. Regional Displays eSIM packages for specific regions that can be purchased when selected. Global Displays eSIM packages for global coverage that can be purchased when selected. Get eSIMs for popular locations Explore our most popular eSIMs — packages start from the shown price. View all locations Directs to all coverage locations when selected. Thailand 4.00 € Turkey 4.00 € China 4.00 € Indonesia 4.00 € United States 4.00 € Singapore 4.00 € Brazil 4.00 € United Arab Emirates 4.00 € Saudi Arabia 4.00 € Ireland 4.00 € Japan 4.00 € Mexico 4.00 € Directs to eSIMs for the selected location. Frequently asked questions Go to help center Directs to Airalo help center when selected. How do I check if my iOS device supports eSIM? Follow the steps below to check if your iOS device supports eSIM technology. Please remember that the steps may or may not apply to your device. The best way to confirm eSIM capability is still through your device manufacturer, vendor, or primary carrier. Read article How do I install and set up an eSIM on my iOS device? Installing your eSIM is easy! You can choose between three methods for doing so. The Direct Method is the fastest but you can try the manual method or QR method as described in this article if you prefer. Read article When does my eSIM data package expire? The eSIM data package expiration date depends on the eSIM validity and data consumption. Your eSIM data package will last for the presented validity period as long as you do not consume all data before then, The validity period starts when the eSIM activates. Most eSIMs will activate when the installed eSIM connects to the supported network at the destination. Read article How do I install and set up an eSIM on my Android device? In order to install your SIM: – Your device needs to be eSIM compatible. Android devices that are eSIM compatible have an “Add Carrier” menu – Your device needs to be network unlocked – You need to have a good network/WiFi connection Read article How can I get an eSIM? You can purchase an eSIM through Airalo website (https://www.airalo.com/) or in Airalo app. Please see full details in the article. Read article Directs to more information about the FAQ subject. Go to help center Directs to Airalo help center when selected. Support Need help? We offer 24/7, multi-language support Reach out to support Opens chat with support when selected. Chat on WhatsApp Opens chat with support on WhatsApp when selected. Connect, explore, and more View magazine Directs to Airalo magazine when selected. Plan Your Yoga Retreat to Costa Rica Read article Directs to the selected article or post. Discover Paradise: 10 Best Caribbean Islands to Visit Read article Directs to the selected article or post. Troubleshoot the "AirTag Found Moving With You" Notification Read article Directs to the selected article or post. Morocco Travel Guide: Everything You Need To Know Read article Directs to the selected article or post. Best European Christmas Markets 2025 - Most Beautiful, Family Friendly, Foodie and Affordable Picks Read article Directs to the selected article or post. What Is Airplane Mode and How Does It Work? Read article Directs to the selected article or post. We've got you covered, wherever Download the Airalo app to easily purchase, manage, and top up eSIMs on-the-go. Download iOS app Directs to Airalo page of Apple's App Store. Rating 4.7 Download Android app Directs to Airalo page of Google Play store. Rating 4.6 Our eSIMs eSIM Store Unlimited data Global eSIMs Regional eSIMs Local eSIMs Refer and earn Loyalty program About eSIMs What is an eSIM? How Airalo works Device compatibility Get help Help center Chat to support Contact us Magazine Latest posts Airalo About Airalo Impact Our values Media center Newsroom Job vacancies Working at Airalo Follow us Facebook Instagram X (Twitter) TikTok LinkedIn YouTube Our eSIMs eSIM Store Unlimited data Global eSIMs Regional eSIMs Local eSIMs Refer and earn Loyalty program About eSIMs What is an eSIM? How Airalo works Device compatibility Get help Help center Chat to support Contact us Magazine Latest posts Airalo About Airalo Impact Our values Media center Newsroom Job vacancies Working at Airalo Follow us Facebook Instagram X (Twitter) TikTok LinkedIn YouTube ©2025 AIRALO Trust center Privacy policy Legal center Partner with us Manage cookies