Home | Air & Space Forces Magazine Skip to content My AFA Account Search My AFA Search News News Home Air Space Personnel National Security Cyber Technology Daily Report Today’s Report Airframe Subscribe! Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Almanac Get The Magazine History Home Chronology: History of Airpower Valor Namesakes About Us About Us Home Our Staff & Products Join AFA Advertise with Us Contact Us Reuse and Reprint Permission Weapons & Platforms Close Image Air & Space Forces Magazine Pentagon Releases Cost of Living, BAH Rates for 2026 Dec. 30, 2025 | By Matthew Cox USAF Adds to SOUTHCOM Buildup, Deploying F-35s to Puerto Rico Dec. 24, 2025 | By Greg Hadley PHOTOS: Remembering 2025 in the Air Force and Space Force Dec. 24, 2025 Space Force Tackles Near-Term Training Needs with an Eye Toward a High-Fidelity Range Dec. 29, 2025 | By Courtney Albon US Bets on On-Orbit Satellite Servicing with 4 Missions in 2026 Dec. 24, 2025 | By Shaun Waterman Inside the Air Force Plan to Start Its Own Experimental One-Way Attack Drone Unit Dec. 23, 2025 | By Matthew Cox Wilsbach Wants Air Force Leaders to Get Back in the Cockpit Dec. 23, 2025 | By Greg Hadley Space Force’s Commercial Reserve Fleet Moves Out of Pilot Phase Dec. 23, 2025 | By Courtney Albon White House Order Underlines Space Force’s Counterspace Mission Dec. 22, 2025 | By Courtney Albon More News Air & Space Forces Magazine In This Issue Air & Space Forces Magazine November/December 2025 issue. Enter the Magazine View the Magazine Archive Homeland Sanctuary Lost: Securing the Arctic Flank The time is now to rebuild our northern tier defenses. Modern adversaries like Russia and China spent the past three decades developing and fielding advanced weapons capable of striking the U.S. homeland. Today, their advanced nuclear and nonnuclear missiles have... Realistic Expectations for Golden Dome by 2028 The blueprint is coming into focus; the road map remains cloudy. Golden Dome is one of the most ambitious defense projects ever mounted. It seeks to develop a missile defense shield for the entire continental United States (CONUS) against ballistic,... Allvin Departs as Air Force Chief Reflections on a 39-year career. Gen. David W. Allvin completed two years as Chief of Staff, half the statutory tour length, but long enough, he says, to have made a mark on the Air Force.   “We can’t always pick... WORLD: Readiness Wilsbach Is Air Force’s 24th Chief of Staff  By Greg Hadley Gen. Kenneth S. Wilsbach was confirmed as the 24th Air Force Chief of Staff Oct. 30 by unanimous consent. Shortly before, his predecessor, Gen. David W. Allvin, was “clapped”... Special Mission, Special Fleet From the President to returning hostages, the 89th Airlift Wing hauls some of the nation’s most precious cargo. JOINT BASE ANDREWS, Md. The 89th Airlift Wing is best known for its fleet that transports leaders to red carpet arrivals around... Guest Editorial: More Flying Hours: Build Skills & Loyalty America’s Air Force today is smaller and older than it was in my day, but what worries me more than size or age is just how ready we are to fly, fight, and win in a future war. I graduated... AFA’s Mission Our mission is to promote dominant U.S. Air and Space Forces as the foundation of a strong National Defense; to honor and support our Airmen, Guardians, and their Families; and to remember and respect our enduring Heritage. Learn More About AFA Subscribe Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn Daily Report Contact Us Advertise Subscribe! Air & Space Forces Association Reuse and Reprint Permission Privacy Policy Air & Space Forces Magazine is the official publication of the Air & Space Forces Association, 1201 S. Joyce St., C6 / Second Fl., Arlington, Va., 22202. Copyright 2025 × × × × Subscribe to the Air & Space Forces Daily Report The latest news from Air & Space Forces Magazine, as well as news from other leading publications, delivered right to your inbox every morning! We’re sorry, there has been an error. Please review your input or try again later. Thank you for subscribing to the Daily Report! Submit ×