Product
Pricing
Resources
Log in
Fearless Deployments. Faster Fixes.

Frictionless error monitoring and performance insights for your entire app stack.
‍
Know about errors before your users even notice. Installs in minutes.

Start Free Trial

4.7 Rating

Trusted by 1600+ organizations:
Why Airbrake?
Developer Centric

From testing to production, Airbrake Error Monitoring has your back:

Notifiers for all major languages and frameworks
Integrates with your favorite apps
Single Sign-On
Immediate Value

It’s simple to get up and running with Airbrake Error Monitoring and Performance Monitoring:

Installs in minutes
Real-time error alerts
Discover errors right down to line of code
Lightweight

Gain visibility into the health of your entire app stack with agentless and serverless architecture:

Open-source SDK-based install
Low maintenance
Near-zero technical debt
Start Free Trial
Installs in Minutes in any Language
JavaScript
Include the library via a script tag:
Initialize the library with your account credentials:
 
const airbrake = new Notifier(
{ projectId: 123,
projectKey:'abcdefgh12345678'
});

Python
Install our library:
 
pip install -U pybrake

Import the package and initialize with your account credentials:
 
import pybrakenotifier = pybrake.Notifier(
project_id=123, 
project_key='abcdefgh12345678')

Ruby
Add our gem to your project:
 
gem install airbrake-ruby

Initialize the library with your account credentials:
 
require 'airbrake-ruby'Airbrake.configure do |c|   c.project_id =   c.project_key = ''end

.Net
Angular
Django
Ember
Express
Flask
Golang
Java
Magento
After signing up just add your product key and that's it...
More Languages
EFFORTLESS ERROR MONITORING
Never miss an error with Airbrake

Airbrake Error Monitoring and Performance Monitoring catches all your project errors, intelligently groups them and points you to the issue in the code so you can quickly fix the bug before customers are impacted. Hotspots and insights flag high risk files and errors.

Learn more

“Airbrake probably has cut our error response times in half because it is much simpler to isolate and identify issues and root causes.”

Mike Biang, VP of Operations

POWERFUL PERFORMANCE MONITORING
Simple performance metrics that developers care about

Airbrake Error Monitoring and Performance Monitoring’s lightweight APM enables developers to track the performance and availability of their application through metrics like HTTP requests, response times, error occurrences, and user satisfaction.

Learn more

“Airbrake is a rough measure of quality and a part of our continuous improvement process.”

Tom Tuddenham, Senior Software Engineer

FEARLESS DEPLOYMENTS
Correlate errors with Deployments

Track trends, fix bad deploys, and improve code quality with Airbrake Error Monitoring and Deployment Tracking.

Learn more

“Sometimes we forget to test a specific case but we can always count on Airbrake to let us know and get some tests written to cover those.”

Chris Oliver, Lead Engineer

Integrate with your favorite tools

Airbrake’s seamless integrations ensure you receive real-time notifications in your preferred collaboration tool, messaging app or e-mail inbox, so you can stay on top of bugs (and bugs stay off your back).

Learn more
Developers Love Airbrake
"Airbrake is incredibly easy to integrate with a variety of platforms. I've personally integrated it with both Ruby on Rails (via a simple to use Gem), and PHP (via composer library). I get email notices whenever an error occurs, and I don't have to dig through logs to isolate the issues."
Mike B
VP of Operations
"Very easy to setup! We had absolutely no trouble setting airbrake on our Rails 6 application. Response times are immediate and it has helped us a lot migrating our application to newer versions! Easy to use UI."
Esteban R
Software Consultant
"Airbrake has revolutionized how our Software Development team receives and responds to exceptions."
Don T
President/CEO, Industrial Automation
Deploy Fearlessly with Airbrake
Start Free Trial
“Perfect for Error Management. It really helps to find odd issues that otherwise would be hidden. We even need it alongside other logging solutions because it’s really made for Developers.”
TrustRadius verified review
Score 10 out of 10
98 San Jacinto Blvd, Suite 1300 Austin, TX  78701
support@airbrake.io
Featured Blog Posts
Airbrake & LogicMonitor = Awesome Sauce!
Have a JavaScript Module Not Found Error? Have you Checked Your Paths?
405 Method Not Allowed: What It Is and How to Fix It
A Developer in DevOps Land: My Experience at DevOps Days
Blinkist Depends on Airbrake Slack Integration to Triage Incidents
302 Found: What It Is and How to Fix It
401 Unauthorized Error: What It Is and How to Fix It
Languages
Sinatra
Ruby
React
Rails
Python
PHP
Node.js
.Net
Magento
JavaScript
Java
Golang
… and more
Resources
Airbrake Docs
About
API
Contact Airbrake
Blog
The 2022 Airbrake Error Data Report
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Airbrake DPA
Airbrake Sponsorships
Customers

Airbrake - A LogicMonitor Company - © 2024 - All Rights Reserved

Product
Pricing
Resources
Log in