Air Force Times, Independent News For Airmen | Air Force Times Sections News Pay & Benefits Flashpoints Pentagon & Congress Education & Transition Off Duty Veterans Military Honor Subscribe Now Opens in new window Subscribe Now Opens in new window News Your Air Force Pentagon & Congress Army Times Opens in new window Marine Corps Times Opens in new window Navy Times Opens in new window Defense News Opens in new window Flashpoints Pay & Benefits Benefits Guide Opens in new window Military Pay Center Military Retirement VA Loan Center Opens in new window Military Benefits Mil Money Discount Depot Off Duty Military Culture Military Fitness Gear Scout Opens in new window Military Movies & Video Games Military Sports Spouses Education & Transition Transition Guide Opens in new window Veterans Military History Black Military History Opens in new window Congressional Veterans Caucus Opens in new window Military Appreciation Month Opens in new window Vietnam Vets & Rolling Thunder Opens in new window Military Honor Salute to Veterans Opens in new window Service Members of the Year Opens in new window Hall of Valor Opens in new window Create an Obituary Opens in new window Pay It Forward Opens in new window Opinion Editorials Commentary Medals & Misfires Special Projects Installation Guide Opens in new window Battle Bracket Task Force Violent CFC Givers Guide Videos Photo Galleries Early Bird Brief Military Native IHG Long-Term Care Partners Navy Federal Newsletters Opens in new window Digital Edition Opens in new window Installation Guide Opens in new window Top stories A year of strikes: US military operations surge under Trump President Trump has presided over a surge of U.S. military activity abroad since returning to the Oval Office. US forces kill, capture ’nearly 25 ISIS’ fighters in Syria operations Over a nine-day period, U.S. and allied forces conducted 11 operations that killed at least seven ISIS fighters and destroyed four weapons caches. Lockheed still paid $1.7 billion despite poor readiness rate of F-35s An audit found that the defense department paid the aerospace company $1.7 billion by July in spite of poor performance. Featured A list of US military strikes against alleged drug-carrying vessels How wine and champagne helped to defeat the Nazis Court upholds order requiring VA to build housing for veterans in LA Latest Latest class of guardians first to don new dress uniform at graduation ROTC students are helping the military defend against AI deepfakes Death of airman caused by multiple points of failure, report finds How wine and champagne helped to defeat the Nazis SPECIAL FEATURES Submit a FREE veteran obituary Military Times has partnered with Legacy on a special online memorial where you can read through U.S. veterans’ obituaries and publish a FREE veteran obit Insurance Guide Military Times has outlined helpful information about car insurance, renters insurance, and life insurance for troops. 2025 PCS Guide Read up on tips and tricks in Military Times’ 2025 Permanent Change of Station Guide. 2025 Benefits Guide Learn how your military benefits — including health care, retirement pay and more — have changed in 2025. EDITOR'S PICKS Your Air Force What is Nifty Nugget? NDAA revives 47-year-old military exercise In 1978, the 21-day exercise, dubbed “Nifty Nugget,” brought two dozen military commands to bear to support a notional conflict in Europe. How the Continental Army became the lords of Spanktown Spanktown, name thusly after an early settler publicly took his spouse across his knee and chastised her, was to play an important role in the Forage Wars. Department of Veterans Affairs reinstates near-total ban on abortions New guidance from the Justice Department concluded that the VA lacks legal authority to provide the procedure — including in cases of rape or incest. Trump says US ‘hit’ facility where alleged drug boats ‘load up’ Trump declined to say if the military or CIA was involved or where it occurred. In other news This company is rethinking PTSD treatment for veterans — with VR Brenden Borrowman, a retired Army veteran, founded Neurova Labs to focus on treating the physiological injury underlying conditions like PTSD and TBI. Soldier became the first Mexican national to earn the Medal of Honor Soldier regains sense of touch through neural-enabled prosthetic limb Trump says US struck Islamic State targets in Nigeria China’s military buildup makes US increasingly vulnerable, DOD says Review: ‘In Waves and War’ shows promise of psychedelics to treat PTSD The documentary, streaming Monday, follows a group of veterans undergoing experimental treatments currently not approved for clinical use in the U.S. An enduring symbol: why troops keep naming things after reptiles From cobras to gators, reptilian mascots and call signs appear on patches, aircraft and unit logos across every branch. Why? By Clay Beyersdorfer Battlefield 6 review: the return of a war game worth fighting for After the rocky reception of Battlefield 2042, game developer DICE needed a strong comeback. The new Battlefield 6 mostly delivers, our reviewer writes. The next military shooter showdown: ‘Call of Duty’ vs. ‘Battlefield’ This fall, two video game franchises are going head-to-head, with the upcoming releases of "Call of Duty: Black Ops 7" and "Battlefield 6." Don't miss ‘The Terminal List: Dark Wolf’ cements dominance of military thrillers Country music no longer owns the troops, and that’s a good thing The National Guard, DC landscaping and the great pursuit of lethality Back-to-school, military edition: why August is also admin hell Deployment playlists, then and now: from Walkmans to wireless despair US Air Force vet charged with felony assault with a deli weapon VIDEOS The state of US hypersonic capabilities | Defense News Weekly Full Episode 12.13.25 As China and other U.S. rivals claim to field operational hypersonic missiles, where does the U.S. stand in developing its own weapons? An expert weighs in. Featured Videos Honoring accomplishment and courage: profiles of the 2023 Service Members of the Year Fireside chat with Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Daryl Caudle Kickstart Your Financial Goals This New Year — Money Minute Does the US need a ‘hypersonic czar’? Which service is leading the US hypersonics race? MORE STORIES Department of Veterans Affairs reinstates near-total ban on abortions New guidance from the Justice Department concluded that the VA lacks legal authority to provide the procedure — including in cases of rape or incest. By Tanya Noury 2 days ago Trump says US ‘hit’ facility where alleged drug boats ‘load up’ Trump declined to say if the military or CIA was involved or where it occurred. 2 days ago This company is rethinking PTSD treatment for veterans — with VR Brenden Borrowman, a retired Army veteran, founded Neurova Labs to focus on treating the physiological injury underlying conditions like PTSD and TBI. By Clay Beyersdorfer 2 days ago Soldier became the first Mexican national to earn the Medal of Honor After surviving World War II, Marcario García had another war to fight. By Jon Guttman 2 days ago Latest class of guardians first to don new dress uniform at graduation The graduation ceremony marked the first time trainees were authorized to wear the service dress uniform instead of prototypes. By Cristina Stassis 5 days ago Soldier regains sense of touch through neural-enabled prosthetic limb A U.S. Army soldier is participating in a clinical trial at Walter Reed testing a neural-enabled prosthetic limb designed to restore the sense of touch. By Clay Beyersdorfer 5 days ago What to know about the militants targeted by US airstrikes in Nigeria President Donald Trump said on social media that the “powerful and deadly” strikes in the Nigerian state of Sokoto were carried out against IS gunmen. 5 days ago Trump says US struck Islamic State targets in Nigeria The president says the U.S. launched a “powerful and deadly" strike against ISIS forces in Nigeria, claiming the group targeted Christians. 6 days ago New charges for Guard shooting suspect enable death penalty talks Lakanwal remains charged with first-degree murder, assault with intent to kill and illegal possession of a firearm in the Nov. 26 shooting. By J.D. Simkins 7 days ago Trump approves deployment of 350 National Guard troops to New Orleans Pentagon spokesman Sean Parnell said Tuesday that Guard members will be tasked with supporting federal law enforcement partners. 8 days ago Ode to James Ransone’s memorable portrayal of a junior enlisted Marine In just seven episodes, James Ransone churned out one of the most relatable on-screen depictions of life as a junior enlisted Marine. By J.D. Simkins 8 days ago Santa’s elves have been busy bringing cheer to military families Santa takes time for train rides with military families through Alaska, and to attend parties with gifts and treats. By Karen Jowers 8 days ago Over $13 billion in US military aid to Israel improperly tracked: IG Investigators warned that such lapses increase the risk of sensitive U.S. weapons technology falling into the hands of hostile actors. By Tanya Noury 8 days ago Ham, turkey and cigars? A look at Christmas festivities during WWII It's not too late to put Snowflake potatoes on one's Christmas day menu. By Claire Barrett 8 days ago Military recruiting off to ‘strong start’ for fiscal 2026, DOD says Overall, the services met an average of 103% of their active-duty recruiting goals for fiscal 2025, according to the Defense Department. By Karen Jowers 9 days ago DOD needs more consistent Indo-Pacific deterrence funding, GAO says An annual assessment of how DOD funds deterrence efforts in the Indo-Pacific revealed problematic inconsistencies, according to a GAO report. By Lillian Juarez 9 days ago Load More Trending Now Latest class of guardians first to don new dress uniform at graduation Lockheed still paid $1.7 billion despite poor readiness rate of F-35s What is Nifty Nugget? NDAA revives 47-year-old military exercise Department of Veterans Affairs reinstates near-total ban on abortions US forces kill, capture ’nearly 25 ISIS’ fighters in Syria operations Facebook page Twitter feed RSS feed Air Force Times  © 2025 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Terms of Service Get Us Subscribe Opens in new window Newsletters Opens in new window RSS Feeds Opens in new window Shop Merch Opens in new window Contact Us Advertise General Contacts, Subscription Services Editorial Staff About Us Careers Opens in new window About Us Jobs for Veterans Opens in new window