Airties | Empowering operators to deliver smooth, smart connectivity for all We’re making our site even better—explore our current features while we upgrade! Products Connectivity Experience Management for Homes An AI-driven customer experience management software suite for home connectivity for SMBs A purpose-built connectivity and customer experience solution for SMBs: comprehensive and affordable for MDUs A solution designed to provide exceptional user experience through MDU-wide connectivity and tailored features Test & Measurement End-user testing with pre-defined suites and actionable insights Company Who we are Newsroom Sustainability Resources Whitepapers Contact us Contact us Empowering operators to deliver smooth, smart connectivity for all Airties enables operators to build stronger customer relationships, grow revenue intelligently, and deliver seamless experiences with fewer issues and faster fixes Airties is the trusted partner of broadband operators worldwide Elevating Experiences. Reducing Churn. Airties’ AI-powered Connectivity Experience Management Platform equips ISPs with the tools to optimize performance, enhance user experiences, and drive customer loyalty – fueling growth in the digital age. Designed to provide exceptional experiences For Homes Connectivity that adaps to your life AI-driven connectivity ensures seamless, fast, and personalized connectivity for every corner of your home. Discover Airties Home For SMBs Smart connectivity for businesses Enterprise-grade performance tailored for SMBs, offering secure, reliable, and easy-to-manage connectivity. Discover Airties Pro For MDUs Purpose-built connectivity for MDUs Seamless Wi-Fi, smart device management, and insights — all in one intuitive interface. Discover Airties Multi Helping you transform connectivity into a measurable business advantage Minimize churn, maximize trust Reliable connectivity your customers count on Grow revenue smarter Unlock insights to boost ARPU Fewer issues, faster fixes Prevent calls before they happen, resolve remaining issues fast Trusted by leading ISPs worldwide Discover how Vodafone leverages Airties’ Wi-Fi solutions to optimize in-home connectivity, ensuring seamless and reliable internet experiences for their customers. Oscar Gallego, CTO Products Home and Security, Vodafone Learn how Waoo shifted from a traditional telco approach to prioritizing customer experience, utilizing Airties’ Smart Wi-Fi to deliver superior in-home connectivity and satisfaction. Martin Jürgensen, Senior Product Development Manager, Waoo Jim Casteele, Chief Consumer Market Officer, Proximus “Proximus is committed to providing consumers with the ultimate broadband service, which is why we chose to deploy Airties as part of our next-gen Wi-Fi 7 customer experience. Airties lives up to its brand promise of enabling us to ‘deliver smooth, smart connectivity’ to our customers, and consistently provides us with valuable insights to enhance customer satisfaction.” Frode Elverum, Head of Broadband, Telia "After evaluating the market we decided to use Airties - because of their performance, the scalability and their proven track record in serving large ISPs around the globe." Pedro Bandeira, VP of Product and New Business, Deutsche Telecom "After examining the market, we selected Airties because of the proven quality, scalability, and versatility of their Smart Wi-Fi portfolio." Stephen Vincent, AVP, Product Marketing, AT&T “We are introducing the new AT&T Smart Wi-Fi Extender – a state-of-the-art device that gives you the strongest Wi-Fi signal throughout your entire home.” Ricky Taft, Sr Lead Product Manager Broadband Devices, COX “We recognize Airties as a leader in the world stage of what we needed to provide to our customers, in terms of cloud intelligence, self-healing, reliability and the ability to interface with our platforms and deliver that first-class experience.” Cem Çelebiler, CEO, TurkNet "Working with Airties, we are able to deliver super-fast, high-performance home Wi-Fi designed to meet the evolving needs of consumers today and tomorrow." Enrico Salvatori, SVP and President Europe, Qualcomm “User experience is at the heart of our relentless pursuit of managed network optimizations and we’re delighted to work with Airties to accelerate the delivery of these advanced capabilities to broadband carriers.” Juan Luna, CTIO, Telecentro “After a thorough evaluation, we selected Airties as our strategic supplier because consumers today expect the best possible connectivity right down to the device.” Mauro Di Pietro Paolo, Chief Technology Officer, Astro "The Astro Fibre app with Airties’ Smart Wi-Fi solutions strengthens our Astro Fibre offering by giving our customers the power to fully control, monitor and secure their home network." Nathan Gumley, Executive of Home & Entertainment, Telstra “As Australia’s leading broadband provider, we’re constantly looking to drive innovation in speed, reliability, and connectivity so our customers can enjoy the best Wi-Fi experience.” Jørgen Stensgaard, CEO, Waoo “The total user experience provided by our team and Airties is outstanding. We have been very impressed with the customer reaction following deployment.” Tackling ISP Churn: The power of a better connectivity experience Churn is one of the biggest threats to ISP profitability. Customer loyalty depends on seamless, frustration-free Wi-Fi—yet poor connectivity remains a leading cause of cancellations. Airties helps ISPs turn connectivity into a competitive advantage with AI-driven optimizations, real-time performance monitoring, and an intuitive user experience—reducing complaints, increasing customer satisfaction, and lowering churn. Fewer support calls Proactive issue detection reduces costly service interactions Higher customer retention Smoother, more reliable connectivity keeps subscribers loyal Optimized ISP operations A smarter network means fewer truck rolls and lower OPEX Latest news Press Release Airties Deployed by Deutsche Telekom for Managed Wi-Fi 7 Experience for Homes Across Germany 2 min read Read More Press Release Airties Unveils Nova: Connectivity Experience Testing Platform for Broadband Service Providers 3 min read Read More Press Release Roughly One-Third of Consumers in US and UK Are Considering Switching Internet Service Providers, According to New Airties Survey 6 min read Read More Whitepaper Airties Wi-Fi Management: How a Hybrid Cloud-Edge Architecture lowers latency and drives down costs Read this whitepaper and explore how this unique approach enables effective Wi-Fi management for a great user experience, reduced latency, cost efficiencies and smarter data-driven decision-making. Download the whitepaper now! Download the whitepaper A global leader of AI-driven software solutions that improve the connectivity experience 7, rue Vignon, 75008 Paris, France Products Airties Home Airties Pro Airties Multi Airties Nova Portfolio Airties Careview Airties Insights Dashboard Airties Companion App Company Who we are Newsroom Sustainability Information Security Policy Quick access Whitepapers Airties Brand Guidelines Airties Japan Contact us © Airties, 2025 Terms of use Privacy policy Cookie policy Declarations of conformity Site map Products Connectivity Experience Management for Homes An AI-driven customer experience management software suite for home connectivity for SMBs A purpose-built connectivity and customer experience solution for SMBs: comprehensive and affordable for MDUs A solution designed to provide exceptional user experience through MDU-wide connectivity and tailored features Test & Measurement End-user testing with pre-defined suites and actionable insights Company Who we are Newsroom Sustainability Resources Whitepapers Contact us