Airthings | Smart indoor Radon & Air Quality Monitors Home At home Home Airthings at home View Plus Our most comprehensive radon & air quality monitor with 7 sensors NEW Corentium Home 2 Digital radon detector, with Bluetooth and sensors for temp and humidity View Plus Duo Bundle & Save: 2 View Plus, 15% Off See all products for home Product categories Air quality monitors Air Purifiers Radon Top Selling Bundles Business At work Pro Business Airthings at work Optimize building's performance, enhance workspace well-being, achieve certifications Products The facility manager’s best friend Dashboard Air quality analytics API Share data between systems See all solutions for work Solutions for Facility managers Office managers Schools Partners Business Airthings for professionals Corentium Pro A favorite of home inspectors and radon professionals Calibration Services from the Airthings Lab team Device rental Monthly and weekly rental packs See all Pro products Training Pro Help Center Pro Software Resources What is radon? USA (English) Global (English) USA (English) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Denmark (English) Norway (English) Sweden (English) UK (English) Compare Products item items Search Sign In Create an Account Cart Search Loading... Shopping cart Added to cart Make it a bundle & save Order total Order summary Subtotal Tax Order total Welcome! Please login to proceed with the purchase of a downloadable product. Thank you for considering buying: To proceed: Sign Up Sign Up Log In Log In View and edit cart Skip to Content Radon season is here — 20% off Wave Plus. 15% off top-selling bundles — shop now. Your first line of defense against radon & poor air quality At home Air quality monitors, radon detectors & purifiers Shop View Plus At work Create healthier offices, schools, and more Learn more For professionals Built for home inspectors & radon professionals Learn more Free app filled with insights 45-day money back guarantee Free 5-year warranty Unbeatable support Free app filled with insights Designed in Norway, trusted by the world Average rating on flagship products 4.5+ Air quality monitors sold worldwide 1,000,000+ In industry sustainability, EcoVadis Gold 2022 Top 5% Shipments have direct CO 2 reductions 100% View Plus 1. Monitor: Your Air, Your Health Our monitors detect radon, PM, VOCs, and other pollutants to ensure
          the air you breathe is nothing short of pure. Learn
          more Mobile App 2. Understand: Clarity in a Tap Get actionable insights, personalized tips, and track the impact of
          your improvements over time. Explore features Renew Purifier 3. Clean: A Breath of Fresh Air Designed to work seamlessly with our monitors, it reacts and adapts to
        your air quality, ensuring a clean, safe, and serene atmosphere. Discover Renew Protect More Rooms, Save More Money View Plus Duo View Plus Great for family rooms and kitchens where the family gathers and spends time together. Living Room Bedroom $560.98 $659.98 Save $99.00 Add to Cart Learn More Living Room + Basement View Plus + View Radon Monitor radon in the basement where it enters the home. Get comprehensive air quality to help protect you and your family. Living Room Basement $467.48 $549.98 Save $82.50 Add to Cart Learn More Living Room + Bedroom View Plus + Wave Enhance Start your indoor air quality journey with monitors that cover two of the rooms where you spend the most time at home. Living Room Bedroom $416.48 $489.98 Save $73.50 Add to Cart Learn More Why View Plus? Our most comprehensive monitor Radon and air quality monitor: Equipped with seven sensors, including Radon, Particulate Matter (PM1 & PM2.5), Carbon Dioxide (CO2), Airborne Chemicals
              (VOCs), Temperature, Air Pressure, and Humidity. Empowers you to take control of your well-being: Sometimes even the thing you're born great at could use a boost. With Airthings, it's like having a personal trainer for
              home's air. A team of scientists on your side: Established in 2008, Airthings is led by a team of experienced IAQ scientists and engineers. Shop View Plus Mobile App Airthings is your air coach Graphs, insights and more: We can help you understand the air you breathe by providing a
                monitoring device for your home and a companion mobile app.
                Helping you take action on air quality and radon mitigation. Get notified when it's time to take action: We notify you only when you need to start taking action on your
                air quality and radon levels with timely push notifications that
                you can tailor to your need. Continuously improving for your benefit: Our Airthings mobile app for View devices is constantly being
                developed with new features, so you can continue to learn about,
                and improve your indoor air quality. Learn more Reviews Over 200,000 homes monitor their air health with Airthings “Excellent Monitor and Great Company! I bought this because I have worked from home for 5 years, and I am in the basement of my home which had a Radon system in it when I bought the house. ” W. Padgett Owns a View Plus “Improve your Air....Save your Life. This is a "Must Have" device for anyone concerned with home air quality, particularly in a pandemic when most of us are spending more time working from home.” Trebor A Owns a Wave Plus “Provides a lot of data. This thing does a lot! You'll need a smart phone and the app to get things going. Install it and wait a week so it can calibrate. Then you're off and running and able to see all kinds of interesting data about the air quality of your house.” James C Owns a Wave Radon “Peace of mind. Good to have an indoor meter to watch several concerning toxins.” Corey B Owns a View Plus “Thankful for this tool in my toolbox for better health for myself and young family. When you wave in front of the unit it gives you a quick status and glimpse at the values. Great product!” Amazon Customer Owns a View Plus “I like this IAQ monitor. It's been keeping trend data for a few months and gave me some valuable insights (like keeping my bedroom door open to reduce CO2 overnight). ” Ryan N Owns a View Plus Why you should make Airthings part of your family Our promise To empower you to breathe better and ensure a healthy home, free from poor air quality or radon. Our team In-house team of scientists & engineers focused on creating world-leading monitoring devices. Our experience 15 years experience in crafting indoor radon & air quality monitoring that you can trust. From the blog Learn more about indoor air quality How do air purifiers work Discover the impact of air purifiers on your indoor environment. These devices can clean indoor air by eliminating dust, pollen, pet dander, and smoke. Learn how to improve your home´s health Every corner of your home presents its own unique challenges. A comprehensive multi-room monitoring system will provide you with a complete picture. What is Radon? High levels over long periods of time are the issue. By monitoring radon long term, you can be alerted when levels are high and make small changes to improve the air you breathe. Get the right radon solution for your specific needs Our easy-to-use, always-on radon monitors tell you how much radon is in your home. Radon levels: What do they mean? Airthings most frequently asked question? "What do my radon levels mean?" Below we explain everything you need to know about your levels. Top six tips to protect against wildfire air With the alarming increase in wildfires, it's natural to worry about how these fires even if they aren't directly on your doorstep. View all posts Products Airthings at home Airthings at work Airthings for professionals Support Help center Returns and refunds Status Resources Blog Newsroom Manuals Company About Careers Contact Investors Empowering people to breathe better Terms Privacy ISO27001 Certification © 2025 Airthings