Google AI Studio uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks
Pricing
Explore documentation
Case studies
login
Get started
New
Gemini 3 Pro Preview
Our most intelligent model to date.
The fastest path from prompt to production with Gemini
Chat with models
Vibe code apps
Discover
Explore all of Google’s AI models in one place
Access a unified AI playground to test your prompts across all our modalities. Experiment with text, image, audio, and video models in one place to find the perfect fit for your project.
design_services
Build
Go from idea to app with the power of Gemini
The fastest way to build AI-first applications. Use natural language to generate fully functional apps with built-in features like Nano Banana or Google Search integration, then deploy with a single click.
monitoring
Operate
Stay on top of your resource usage
Manage API keys and projects in one space. Track your usage, billing, and rate limits from one centralized dashboard, and view detailed logs to get the most out of your projects.
docs
Learn
Build directly with the SDK
From quickstart guides to deep-dive API references, access all the documentation and code samples you need to ship your features.
Start building with the API today
Developer quickstart
Set up your environment and make your first API request in minutes
timer
4 min
key
Get API key
Python
Node.js
REST
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
from google import genai

client = genai.Client()

response = client.models.generate_content(
    model="gemini-3-pro-preview",
    contents="Explain how AI works in a few words"
)
print(response.text)
Explore our models
Gemini
Our state of the art models, excellent at coding, reasoning, creative writing, and multimodal capabilities.
Imagen
Our best image generation model yet, engineered for creativity. Bring your imagination to life faster than ever before.
Veo
Our latest video generation model, designed to empower filmmakers and storytellers.
Gemini TTS
Transform text input into single speaker or multi-speaker audio using native, controllable text-to-speech.
Gemini Native Audio
Hyper realistic audio generation, supporting a wide variety of voices.
Gemma
Lightweight, state-of-the-art open models built from the same technology that powers our Gemini models.
Start exploring and building with Google’s latest AI models
login
Sign up and get started
Terms
Privacy
AI Studio
Gemini App
Documentation
Pricing
Vibe Code
Gemini API Key
Gemini
Gemini 3 Pro Preview
Gemini 3 Pro Image Preview
Imagen
Veo 3
Gemini 2.5 Flash Image