Aiven - Your AI-ready Open Source Data Platform Skip to content Products Solutions Developers Pricing Blog Log in Book a demo Start for free Change language The open source data platform for Databases for Streaming for Search The fastest path to production for builders and AI agents. Start for free Book a demo Products Choose your open source advantage Get the best open source data technologies, fully managed and ready to scale. Aiven for PostgreSQL® Effortless database Build scalable, resilient applications with a fully managed, high-availability PostgreSQL database as a service. Learn more Aiven for Apache Kafka® Real-time data streams Power your event-driven architecture and real-time data streaming pipelines with enterprise-grade Kafka as a Service. Learn more Aiven for OpenSearch® Instant search Deploy a powerful, distributed search and analytics engine for log analysis, application monitoring, and full-text search. Learn more Aiven for ClickHouse® Analytics at scale Fast, resource-effective columnar DB for real-time analytics. Learn more Also explore our other products : Aiven Inkless Aiven for Valkey™ Aiven for MySQL Aiven for Metrics Aiven for Grafana® Aiven in numbers From startup to scale: How developers build on Aiven TB Daily streaming across 9 regions M+ Weekly payment transactions M Records in a single table The team used to spend up to 90% of the day doing maintenance, patching and upgrades. That's all handled by Aiven now, freeing up the team to focus on business projects. La Redoute Automated database migrations, enabling the team to move 25 databases in a single day. Read case study We reduced the TCO of running our Apache Kafka clusters by 72% which equates to a saving of millions of dollars each year. Claroty Cut Kafka TCO by 72% and saved millions annually with Aiven's Bring Your Own Cloud (BYOC). Read case study Thanks to tiered storage, we've reduced our Kafka storage by around 80% which has saved us a huge amount of money — and all without any latency issues. WalkMe Slashed Kafka storage costs by 80% with Tiered Storage while handling over 100,000 events per second. Read case study Data stack A unified platform for your data stack Connect services with a single click. Move data effortlessly between managed databases, streaming services, and search engines to build powerful, integrated applications. Event streaming Real-time analytics High-performance database Centralized log management For developers Powerful, familiar developer tools Manage your data infrastructure the same way you manage your applications with code, APIs, and automation. Aiven Operator for Kubernetes Seamlessly integrate Aiven into your Kubernetes-centric app deployments and GitOps workflows. Aiven Provider for Terraform Deliver Aiven IaC to manage services declaratively alongside your cloud resources for consistent, versioned deployments. Aiven Client Enables efficient scripting and direct command-line interaction for managing Aiven services, streamlining repetitive tasks for developers and operators who prefer working in the terminal. Aiven APIs Connect Aiven to any workflow programmatically with APIs for deep customization and building tailored integrations. Cloud providers Your data. Your cloud. Your choice Bring your own cloud On sovereign cloud On any cloud Ease of a fully managed data service while giving you the cost benefits, security and data control of running in your own cloud account. Your path to ensuring data residency and meeting national compliance requirements for sensitive workloads. Commited to the future of open source Our history is rooted in the belief that the best technology is built collaboratively, in the open. Check our latest contributions: Iceberg Topics for Apache Kafka®: Zero ETL, Zero Copy Diskless 2.0: Unified, Zero-Copy Apache Kafka Find out more Ready to learn more? Explore our online and in-person events and webinars to learn, connect, and discover all that Aiven has to offer. Event Open Source Data Breakfast - Berlin Join us for a relaxed breakfast in Berlin. Connect with local tech leaders and explore real-world use cases in open source, PostgreSQL, ClickHouse, and Apache Kafka. Expect fresh coffee, good food, and even better conversations to start your day right. Jan 22, 2026 9:30 – 11:30 AM Techspace Eiswerk, Kopenicker Strasse, 40B, 10179, Berlin, Germany Register Event Open Source Data Breakfast - Barcelona Join us for a relaxed breakfast in Barcelona. Connect with local tech leaders and explore real-world use cases in open source, PostgreSQL, ClickHouse, and Apache Kafka. Expect fresh coffee, good food, and even better conversations to start your day right. Jan 29, 2026 9:30 – 11:30 AM Loom Glòries, Avenida Diagonal 211, Barcelona, Spain Register Event Open Source Data Dinner- Dubai Join us for a relaxed dinner in Dubai. Connect with local tech leaders and explore real-world use cases in open source, PostgreSQL, ClickHouse, and Apache Kafka. Expect fresh coffee, good food, and even better conversations to start your day right. Feb 5, 2026 07:00 – 10:00 PM Mott 32 Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Register View all events Try Aiven for free Aiven takes the pain out of cloud data infrastructure management. Deploy a service on the Aiven Platform in 10 minutes. Select your Aiven service, and the cloud and region to deploy to. You’ll be up and running in minutes. Start for free Loading... Company About Open source Careers Sustainability Modern slavery statement Press Blog Legal Terms SLA AUP Data processing Privacy DSA contact Cookie policy Website terms of use Do not sell or share my personal information Cookie settings Platform Responsibility matrix Subprocessors Security and compliance Resource library Support services Changelog Aiven status Contact Contact us Book a demo Support Invoice address Events calendar Copyright © Aiven 2016-2026. Apache, Apache Kafka, Kafka, Apache Flink, and Flink are either registered trademarks or trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other countries. ClickHouse is a registered trademark of ClickHouse, Inc. https://clickhouse.com. OpenSearch, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Grafana, Dragonfly, Valkey, Thanos, Terraform, and Kubernetes are trademarks and property of their respective owners. All product and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only and do not imply endorsement. Event streaming Build resilient, event-driven architectures with Aiven for Apache Kafka as your central nervous system to connect microservices and process data as it happens. Real-time analytics Stream data from Kafka directly into Aiven for ClickHouse to power interactive dashboards that require sub-second query responses on massive datasets. High-performance database Rely on Aiven for PostgreSQL for your mission-critical applications, whether as a highly-available backend, a sink for streaming data, or a vector database for AI. Centralized log management Create a scalable observability pipeline by shipping logs directly into Aiven for OpenSearch or Aiven for Clickhouse for powerful, full-text search and analysis. 1 apiVersion: aiven.io/v1alpha1 2 kind: PostgreSQL 3 metadata: 4 name: pg-sample 5 spec: 6 authSecretRef: 7 name: aiven-token 8 key: token 9 connInfoSecretTarget: 10 name: pg-connection 11 project: PROJECT_NAME 12 cloudName: google-europe-west1 13 plan: startup-4 View docs Get true cloud flexibility. Deploy fully managed service exactly where you need them for optimal performance and control.