African Journals Online Main Navigation Main Content Sidebar Register Login Toggle navigation Search HOME JOURNALS By Category African Studies Agriculture & Food Sciences Aquatic Sciences Art & Architecture Biology & Life Sciences Chemistry, Mathematics & Physics Earth Sciences Economics & Development Education Environmental Sciences Finance & Management Fish & Fisheries General Science (broad subject range) Health History Humanities (broad subject range) Information, Communication & Library Sciences Language & Literature Philosophy Political Science & Law Psychology & Psychiatry Religion Sociology & Anthropology Technology, Computer Science & Engineering Veterinary Science By Country Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Congo, Democratic Republic Congo, Republic Côte d'Ivoire Egypt, Arab Rep. Eritrea Eswatini Ethiopia Gambia, The Ghana Kenya Lesotho Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Multi-Country Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Togo Tunisia Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe Alphabetically Letter A Letter B Letter C Letter D Letter E Letter F Letter G Letter H Letter I Letter J Letter K Letter L Letter M Letter N Letter O Letter P Letter Q Letter R Letter S Letter T Letter U Letter V Letter W Letter Y Letter Z By JPPS Rating List All Titles Fee-based Open Access (Free To Read) No fee Open Access (Free To Read & Free for Authors) HOW TO USE AJOL For Researchers For Librarians For Authors FAQ's RESOURCES For Journals For Researchers For Authors For Policy Makers SUPPORTERS Welcome to African Journals Online (AJOL)! Researchers and policy-makers need access to contextually-relevant quality research publications from Africa in order to develop solutions to address the continent’s challenges in health, education, climate change & under-development. AJOL , the indexing platform of quality African-published scholarly journals, is a Non-Profit Organisation that (since 1998) works to increase global & continental online access, awareness, quality & use of African-published, peer-reviewed research. × Donate AJOL is a Non Profit Organisation that cannot function without donations. 
          AJOL and the millions of African and international researchers who rely on our free services are deeply grateful for your contribution.
          AJOL is annually audited and was also independently assessed in 2019 by E&Y. Your donation is guaranteed to directly contribute to Africans sharing their research output with a global readership. Once off donations here: For annual AJOL Supporter contributions, please view our Supporters page. Close × Tell us what you think and showcase the impact of your research! Please take 5 minutes to contribute to our survey so that we can better understand the contribution that African research makes to global and African development challenges. Share your feedback to help us make sure that AJOL's services support and amplify the voices of researchers like you. AJOL Stakeholder Survey We will share a selection of stories of impact on our website for millions of users to see. Close 909 Journals 428 Open Access Journals 245 No fee Open Access Journals 22 342 Issues 279 035 Abstracts 272 353 Full Text Articles 163 925 Open Access Full Text Articles 45 436 No fee Open Access Full Text Articles Promoting access to African Research: For 25 years, AJOL has been increasing global access to research published in African journals. Millions of African research articles (over 50% by repeat users from Africa) are downloaded from AJOL each month, increasing the African and global reach of African research. AJOL offers a unique Journal Publishing Practices and Standards (JPPS) system to assess each partner journal, based on relevant best practices, informed by globally-, regionally- and nationally-accepted standards and the input of hundreds of journal editors from developing countries. AJOL also offers high-quality free technical and training services to African journals, promoting protocols that encourage ethically sound research and publishing practices and peer-to-peer learning. AJOL supports and encourages Open Access and fee-free publication models, and provides access to a wide range of free resources to assist African researchers, authors, editors and journals. AJOL features journals from  40 Countries: Featuring journals from 40 Countries: Algeria (31) Angola (5) Benin (1) Botswana (3) Burkina Faso (3) Burundi (1) Cameroon (14) Congo, Democratic Republic (11) Congo, Republic (2) Côte d'Ivoire (6) Egypt, Arab Rep. (27) Eritrea (1) Eswatini (3) Ethiopia (67) Gambia, The (2) Ghana (50) Kenya (73) Lesotho (1) Libya (8) Madagascar (1) Malawi (5) Mali (2) Mauritius (3) Morocco (5) Mozambique (1) Multi-Country (2) Nigeria (345) Rwanda (13) Senegal (7) Sierra Leone (1) Somalia (1) South Africa (115) South Sudan (2) Sudan (4) Tanzania (51) Togo (3) Tunisia (5) Uganda (14) Zambia (3) Zimbabwe (16) Memberships: AJOL CEO recently elected as Board Member of OASPA AJOL is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) AJOL previously served as an elected member of the CrossRef Board of Directors AJOL is a member of African Library and Information Associations and Institutions (AfLIA) AJOL served on the International Advisory Committee for SPARC Africa AJOL is a past member of the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) Advisory Committee Join the AJOL conversation: African Journals OnLine (AJOL) African Journals OnLine (AJOL) About AJOL AJOL Team AJOL Board Donors Partners Sponsors Contact Usage Statistics Journal Quality About AJOL Policies Whistle blowing Terms and conditions Non-profit Organisation AJOL is a non-profit, relying on your support. Donate AJOL's largest donor partners: sign up for titles of interest Follow AJOL info@ajol.info CC-BY-SA African Journals Online (AJOL), with the exception of 3rd party content (3rd party content includes inter alia all journal content accessible on or via AJOL. Re-use or sharing of AJOL-hosted journal abstracts and full text articles is not nor has ever been legally permitted unless the journal/s' and/or article/s' displayed copyright and/or license explicitly permits it, or without specific written direct permission from journal/s and/or their publishing entity/ies and/or article author/s if the author/s hold copyright) African Journals Online (RF) S.A. Non Profit Company (NPC) Registration Number: 2005/033363/08