 Akuvox | The Leader in Smart Intercom Products Products Door Phone S539 S535 S532 > Standard version > IP version > Induction loop version X916 > Standard version > LTE version X915 > Standard version > HID iClass version > HID Prox version X912 > Standard version > Physical keypad version X910 R29 > Standard version > Bluetooth + dual camera > Temperature measurement version > LTE version > Fingerprint reader version R28 > Standard verion > Induction Loop version R25K R20K R20K-L R20B MD12 MD06 E21 R25A R20A E18 > Standard verion > LTE version E16 E13S E12 E11 E20S Indoor Monitor X937 X933 S567 S565 S563 S562 S560 IT88 C319 C316 C313 Smart Home More 2-Wire Intercom R20K-2 R20A-2 E12S-2 C313W-2 NS-2 NC-2 NX-2 Intercom & Access Control Kit IP Video Intercom Kit 2-Wire IP Video Intercom Kit Akuvox Access Control Demo Kit 001 Akuvox Training Kit 201 Akuvox Training Kit 103 Akuvox Training Kit 102 Akuvox Training Kit 101 Akuvox Training Kit 009 Akuvox Training Kit 007 Akuvox Training Kit 005 Akuvox Training Kit 004 Akuvox Training Kit 002 Access Control A095 EC33 A094 > Standard version > Zero AC-to-DC adaptor version A08 > Standard version > HID iClass version > HID Prox version > Zero QR scanner version A05 A03 A02 A01 ACR-CID01 Bkey SR01 Android Video Phone R49G IP Phone HCP-R15P SP-R50P Software SmartPlus App My MobileKey ACMS SDMC Installer Kit Tool Accessories Door Phone Indoor Monitor Solutions Solutions By Industry Type Residential Residential (2-Wire) Smart Security Commercial Assisted Care & Hospital Public Space Case Studies More SmartPlus Smart Access Support Support Download Center Knowledge Base Community Webinar Training & Certification Technical Support Warranty & RMA Security & Compliance Partners Partners Certified Akuvox Partner Program (CAP) Strategic Partner Program Technology Partners Online Reseller Program Program Overview Unauthorized Akuvox Online Resellers Find an Authorized Online Reseller Become an Authorized Online Reseller About Us About Us Akuvox Smart Intercom akubela Smart Home News & Events Events News Center Newsletter Contact Us > Language Choose Your Language English (Global) English (Australia) العربیه Español 日本語 Tiếng Việt 简体中文 繁體中文 English (Global) English (Australia) العربیه Español 日本語 Tiếng Việt 简体中文 繁體中文 You are visiting the Akuvox Global site. Click here to visit Akuvox's Australian website. Smart Intercom Product Family A stylish design with extreme ease of use, Akuvox smart intercom
							leverages vast fields of cutting-edge technologies for intelligent building access and home control. Door Phone More Indoor Monitor More 2-Wire Intercom More Access Control More Android IP Video Phone More Software More Akuvox SmartPlus Door communication and property access at your fingertips Learn more Akuvox Smart Access Enterprise-Level Security Built for SMBs Learn more Solution Powered by latest technologies, Akuvox smart residential intercom solution fits in with higher security, convenience and smartization requirements of modern residential living. Residential Discover more Many existing 2-wire intercom systems fail to meet residents' increasing security and convenience needs. Akuvox's 2-wire residential SIP video intercom solution is perfect for upgrading outdated systems over the existing infrastructure. Residential (2-Wire) Discover more Akuvox’s smart security solution unifies home alarm systems, home control, intercom systems, and the convenience of app control under one single system. Smart Security Discover more In tackling business challenges like enhancing productivity and resource efficiency, smart intercom solutions have come into play, bringing together voice, video, security, access control, and more. Commercial Discover more Akuvox smart intercom solution is good news for global population aging. It converges latest technologies, including SIP, Android and AI, to bring greater safety, trust and security to older people. Assisted Care & Hospital Discover more To protect people, assets and property in the public space, there is an urgent need for failsafe smart intercom solutions to react to situations in progress and manage public events and emergency situations. Public Space Discover more Featured Video Akuvox Smart Manufacturing: SMART Starts Here Watch video Video Akuvox Smart Intercom: Born Robust Watch video Event Light + Intelligent Building Middle East 2026 | Jan.12-14, 2026 Learn more Case Study Smart Intercom & Lock Integration Simplified Management of Rental Apartments in Japan Learn more Newsletter How Akuvox's Smart 2-Wire IP Video Intercom Kit Makes Intercom Upgrade Easy Learn more × Featured Video Akuvox Smart Manufacturing: SMART Starts Here Watch video Video Akuvox Smart Intercom: Born Robust Watch video Event Light + Intelligent Building Middle East 2026 | Jan.12-14, 2026 Learn more Case Study Smart Intercom & Lock Integration Simplified Management of Rental Apartments in Japan Learn more Newsletter How Akuvox's Smart 2-Wire IP Video Intercom Kit Makes Intercom Upgrade Easy Learn more Why Akuvox Akuvox is a pioneer of smart intercom. Encompassing artificial intelligence, SIP, Android, cloud, security, and other advanced technologies, Akuvox continuously drives breakthrough changes in the industry and creatively delivers an unrivaled portfolio of smart intercom products and solutions. Learn more Get a Quote Get your quote or request information of Akuvox products and solutions. Contact Us Become an Akuvox Partner Fill in the form to apply for Akuvox partnership. Register Sign up for Akuvox Newsletter Stay up to date on new products, sales, events and other special announcements. Register Download Center Community Knowledge Base Technical Support Products Door Phone Indoor Monitor Smart Home 2-Wire Intercom Android Video Phone IP Phone Software Accessories Solutions By Industry Type Case Studies SmartPlus Residential Commercial Support Download Center Knowledge Base Community Webinar Training & Certification Technical Support Partners Certified Akuvox Partner Program (CAP) Strategic Partner Program Technology Partners Online Reseller Program About Us Akuvox Smart Intercom akubela Smart Home News & Events Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Legal Disclaimer Copyright 2012-2025 AKUVOX (XIAMEN) NETWORKS CO., LTD. All rights reserved. ICP19024257-12 <%=cnzz%> This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Please read our Cookie Policy for more information. Reject Accept Sign up for Akuvox Newsletter Countries & regions Angola Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Ascension Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Is. Bolivia Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina-faso Burma Burundi Cameroon Canada Cayman Is. Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Congo Cook Is. Costa Rica Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Rep. Ecuador Egypt EI Salvador Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France French Guiana Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong, China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kampuchea (Cambodia) Kazakstan Kenya Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mariana Is Martinique Mauritius Mexico Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Is Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netheriands Antilles Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland French Polynesia Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Saint Lueia Saint Vincent Samoa Eastern Samoa Western San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Is Somali South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St.Lucia St.Vincent Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan, China Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Yugoslavia Zimbabwe Zaire Zambia USA By selecting this option, you're indicating that you have read and agreed to Akuvox’s Privacy Policy . Without this consent from you, we are afraid that you are not able to submit this form. Privacy Policy Introduction Welcome to akuvox.com (hereinafter referred to as "this site"). We highly value user privacy and information protection. When you use this site, we may collect and use your information. Through this "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"), we aim to clarify, in a prominent location on the website (at the bottom of the homepage), our business practices, the types of information we need to collect from you, the ways to access, update, and delete this information, the protective measures we have in place, and the rules we follow when sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your information. Please carefully read and understand this policy before using this site. If you do not agree with this policy, please stop using this site immediately. If you have any questions during the reading process, you can contact us at website@akuvox.com. Special Statement: akuvox.com is the official website of Akuvox, targeting enterprise users. All your actions on the website will be considered those of an enterprise user. The information we collect through the website is related to your business contacts on behalf of the enterprise. Version Update Date: May 12, 2023 Effective Date: May 12, 2023 1. How We Collect Your Information We will follow the principles of fairness, legality, and necessity, and only collect your business contact information when necessary. We adhere to the principle of data minimization to ensure that we only collect, store, and use necessary business contact information and do not exceed the scope of specific purposes (refer to the table in Section 2 for the purposes of use; if it exceeds, it requires a new risk assessment and related processes). If we intend to use your business contact information for purposes not covered by this policy or to use business contact information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again. In addition, if you find errors in your data, you can email us at website@akuvox.com to inform us for correction. 1.1 How We Collect Your Business Contact Information: Information You Provide Directly: We may collect and store the information you actively provide to us when using this site, including information you provide when filling out forms on our pages, applying for products and/or services, and contacting us for technical support. 1.2 What Business Contact Information We Collect We follow the principle of data minimization to ensure that we only collect, store, and use necessary business contact information and do not exceed the scope of specific purposes. The business contact information we collect includes: name, title, company name, company address, company nature, work email, work phone, country, source of Akuvox device purchase, etc. We recommend that you provide your corporate email, code name, and alias (avoid using personal contact information). 2. How We Use Your Business Contact Information In order to comply with national laws and regulations and regulatory requirements, as well as to provide services to you and improve service quality, we may use your business contact information in the following situations: Type of Business Contact Information Purposes of Collection Contact person, company name, work email, work phone, country, city 1) Provide the contact person with information related to our products, solutions, technology, training, and cooperation; 2) With the permission of the business contact person, periodically send marketing information related to products, solutions, and the company to their email. Work email, country With the permission of the business contact person, periodically send marketing information related to products, solutions, and the company to their email. Contact person, title, company name, work email, country, source of Akuvox device purchase Evaluate the distribution qualifications and authorization of the enterprise user represented by the business contact information subject or reject their distribution qualifications. Contact person, title, company name, company address, company nature, work email, country, source of Akuvox device purchase Create a training account for the business contact information subject to study and assess our products and solutions on our training platform. Contact person, title, company name, company address, company nature, work email, country, source of Akuvox device purchase Send a meeting link for online training on our products and solutions to the business contact information subject. When we intend to use your business contact information for purposes not covered by this policy or to use business contact information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will inform you in advance and obtain your consent in a reasonable manner. For already collected business data, unless you make specific requests, we will retain it permanently. 3. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies To provide you with a more convenient browsing experience, we sometimes store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies are text files stored by a web server on a computer or mobile device, and their content can only be retrieved or read by the server that created them. Each cookie is unique to your web browser or mobile application. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Through cookies, websites can remember users' single or multiple visits (using session cookies) or preferences for settings such as language, font size, and other browsing preferences. This means that users do not need to reconfigure their preferences every time they visit a site. If a website does not use cookies, it will treat each visit by the user as a new visitor. For example, if you log in to a website and then go to another page, the website will not recognize you, and you will be logged out again. In order to provide you with more convenient and personalized services, we provide the following services through cookies and other technologies: (1) Analyze how you use our services. For example, we may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to understand the specific purposes for which you use our services or which web pages or services are most popular with you. (2) Optimize advertising. We may display products or advertising information that you may be interested in based on statistical information about the websites you visit. This statistical information does not include any of your business contact information and may be used to assess the effectiveness of advertising. Cookies, web beacons, and other technologies help us provide targeted advertising related to the enterprise you represent rather than generic advertising. (3) We may also use web beacon technology to compile statistics on anonymous access data. Similarly, this statistical information does not include your business contact information. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies based on your preferences using your browser or device settings, which have built-in cookie clearing functions. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to reject cookies or delete cookies as needed. However, doing so may impact the security and convenience of your use of our services, but it will not affect your normal use of other services we provide. 4. How We Entrust Processing, Share, Transfer, and Publicly Disclose Your Business Contact Information 4.1 Sharing We will not share your business contact information with any companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Akuvox, except in the following cases: (1) With your explicit consent or authorization in advance; (2) When required by applicable laws and regulations, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements; (3) When necessary to provide services to you, maintain the legitimate interests, property, or safety of Akuvox, its affiliates, partners, you, or the public interest, we may provide business contact information in accordance with legal requirements. (4) We will only share business contact information that is necessary to provide the services you need. Since we collect data from you as business contact information for the purpose of business negotiations and cooperation, we may entrust authorized partners in your country to track your related business demands and send information to these partners to ensure the smooth provision of services to you. However, we will only share necessary business contact information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and explicit purposes, and we will only share business contact information necessary to provide services. Our partners do not have the right to use shared business contact information for any other purpose. In addition, our website servers are provided by Alibaba Cloud, and our website is developed and maintained by external companies. We will sign relevant data processing agreements with these third-party data processors. 4.2 Transfer We will not transfer your business contact information to any companies, organizations, or individuals unless one of the following exceptions applies: (1) With your explicit consent or authorization in advance; (2) In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements. 4.3 Public Disclosure We will only publicly disclose your business contact information in the following circumstances, and we will do so under the premise of adopting security protection measures in line with industry standards: (1) According to your requirements, we will disclose the business contact information you specify in a manner you explicitly agree to. (2) In cases where it is necessary to provide your business contact information according to the requirements of laws, regulations, or mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your business contact information in accordance with the types and methods of business contact information requested. Within the scope of laws and regulations, when we receive requests for disclosure of the above information, we will require the issuance of corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that information requested by us should be kept as transparent as possible within the limits permitted by law. We have carefully reviewed all requests to ensure that they have a legal basis and are limited to data that law enforcement agencies are legally entitled to obtain for specific investigation purposes. 5. How We Protect Your Business Contact Information 5.1 Technical and Security Measures to Protect Your Business Contact Information We attach great importance to the security of business contact information and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your business contact information: Data Security Technical Measures: We will adopt security protection measures that comply with industry standards, including the establishment of reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, modification, damage, or loss of your business contact information. This site uses encryption technology such as Transport Layer Security (TLS) to provide browsing services via HTTPS to ensure the security of user data during transmission. Akuvox uses encryption technology to encrypt and store users' business contact information and isolates it through isolation technology. Akuvox conducts comprehensive security control of data through information access agreements, monitoring, and auditing mechanisms. Strengthening Security Awareness: We also organize security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting business contact information. We also require all personnel who may come into contact with your business contact information to fulfill their corresponding confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations may result in legal liability or suspension of cooperation with Akuvox. The internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and communication methods such as email, instant messaging, and social software cannot determine whether they are fully encrypted when communicating with other users. We recommend that you use complex passwords and take care to protect the security of your business contact information when using such tools. The internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will make every effort to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. Handling Security Incidents: To respond to risks such as business contact information leakage, damage, and loss, Akuvox has established multiple systems, clarified the classification and grading standards of security incidents and vulnerabilities, and the corresponding processing procedures. Akuvox has also established a dedicated emergency response team for security incidents, and in accordance with the requirements of security incident handling specifications, has launched security plans for different security incidents, conducted loss prevention, analysis, positioning, and formulated remedial measures, and jointly traced and cracked down on relevant departments. In the event of a business contact information security incident, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation of the security incident and possible impacts, the measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to take preventive measures and reduce risks, and remedies for you. We will also notify you of the relevant situation through email, letter, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to notify each business contact information subject one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to issue announcements. At the same time, we will actively report the disposal of business contact information security incidents to regulatory authorities. If you have any questions about our protection of business contact information, you can contact us through the contact information specified at the bottom of this policy. If you find that your business contact information has been leaked, especially if your account and password have been leaked, please immediately email us at website@akuvox.com to contact us so that we can take corresponding measures. 5.2 Storage of Your Business Contact Information User data will be stored on secure and reliable servers, and necessary physical and technical measures will be taken to ensure data security. We will establish a sound access control mechanism and record and audit all access, regularly check and update security policies to ensure that our data storage solution complies with the latest security standards. 6. Your Rights We will do our best to protect your rights. At any time, you have the right to know the situation of your business contact information that we collect and process and to supervise the measures we take. You can email us at website@akuvox.com at any time to request that we perform the above rights. We will respond to your request within thirty days after an internal assessment, take corresponding actions, and notify you of the results by email. The specific implementation methods for each right are as follows: Your Rights Implementation Method Right to Know You have the right to know the situation of your business contact information that we collect and the way we process it. Provide Information We will provide specific data information and processing methods in the form of data records. Modification/Withdrawal of Consent We will add a note at the bottom of the message form to inform you that you can email us at website@akuvox.com to submit a request to modify/withdraw your consent at any time. Raise Objections We will add a note at the bottom of the message form to inform you that you can email us at website@akuvox.com to raise objections at any time. Access/Correction and/or Erasure We will add a note at the bottom of the message form to inform you that you can email us at website@akuvox.com to submit requests for access/correction and/or erasure at any time. Notify Third Parties We will notify our data sharing partners of your modification/withdrawal of consent, objections, access/correction, and/or erasure requests by email, follow up with the execution of business contact information subject requests, and reply to you by email with the results. Provide Copies of Business Contact Information Processing When you need it, we will provide you with a copy of the processing in common office software file formats. Processing Requests After receiving processing requests, we will assess the reasonableness of the requests and notify you of the results of execution by email, execute the requests within thirty days after you confirm your agreement, and notify you of the actual execution results. Automated Decision Making Currently, we do not make automated decisions about data, but if we do so in the future and it has a significant impact on you, we will notify you of the existence of automated decision-making, allow you to object to such decisions, and/or obtain human intervention. 7. How This Policy Is Updated We may modify the content of this privacy statement at any time. If you continue to use the services of this site, it means that you agree to be bound by the revised policy. 8. How to Contact Us If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions about this policy or related matters about your business contact information, especially if you believe that our handling of business contact information has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us at any time through website@akuvox.com. In general, we will reply within fifteen working days and complete the verification and processing. By selecting this option, you're indicating your agreement to receive marketing communications from us. Expect to receive emails, newsletters, and occasional updates about our latest products, services, promotions, and industry insights. Note: We respect your privacy rights. You can easily revoke your agreement, request to exercise your rights, or manage your communication preferences at any time by dropping an email to website@akuvox.com. X