Skip to main content
Utility
About ALA
ALA Connect
ALA Websites
Job Board
Join | Renew
Donate
Login

Library funding is under threat. Find out how you can show up for libraries: ala.org/showup.

Main navigation
Membership
Advocacy & News
Conferences & Events
Awards & Grants
Education & Careers
Tools & Resources
Recharging in Challenging Times

Join us online for Recharging in Challenging Times, a one-day Virtual Event designed to inspire new ideas, share practical tools, and help you reconnect and renew. On-demand access to sessions through May 2026. Free for ALA student members!

Register Now!

Celebrating ALA's 150th Anniversary

In 2026, we mark 150 years of standing up for libraries. But this milestone isn’t just about looking back. It’s about rallying together to protect what matters now, and to imagine the libraries we’ll need for the next 150 years.

Show Up to Support Library Funding

Whether you have 5 minutes, 10 minutes, or more, here are actions you can take to Show Up for Libraries.

How You Can Help

Plus: Sign up for Advocacy Alerts and receive timely alerts and updates on policy issues that impact library services

Share Your Library's Story with Congress

One of the best ways for you to support libraries and have a better shot at impacting Congress’s approach to library-related legislation is by sharing a personal story about how libraries have helped YOU or your community.

Share Your Library's Story

ILoveLibraries.org

ALA launched a new supporter program in February, inviting the public to join the fight to protect libraries and library professionals at this pivotal moment in our country’s history.

The ALA Mission

The ALA Mission: Empowering and advocating for libraries and library workers to ensure equitable access to information for all. The Association advocates for funding and policies that support libraries as great democratic institutions, providing the full range of information resources to people of every age, income level, location, ethnicity, or physical ability.

 

Learn More About What We Do

Read the Latest Issue

Read the November/December 2025 issue of American Libraries, which—in honor of International Games Month, held every November—features stories about the transformative power of games, gaming, and play. Plus, read an interview with award-winning chef Sean Sherman, an article about reimagining professional development as an employee well-being program, and more.

 

Read the Nov/Dec Issue

Get Involved
Become a member

ALA is the largest membership association in the library industry. It's a community of people working together to ensure that libraries remain vital centers of literacy, access, and opportunity.

Support Our Mission

By giving to ALA, you are helping us improve library and information services and the profession of librarianship to ensure access to information for all.

Fight Censorship: Take Action Against Book Bans
GO TO BANNED BOOKS HOME
Censorship Data

ALA compiles data on book challenges from reports filed by library professionals in the field and from news stories published throughout the United States.

LEARN MORE

Defend Challenged Books with Book Résumés

Book Résumés help librarians, parents, and community members defend books from censorship. They detail each title’s significance and educational value and are easy to share with administrators, review committees, and elected officials.
 

BOOKMARK THIS LINK!

Report Censorship

Your front line reports help ALA's Office for Intellectual Freedom to stay on top of trends and supply library workers with resources to combat censorship. You can also help get the word out and encourage reporting of book censorship.

REPORT A CHALLENGE.

News Around ALA
See all ALA News at the ALA News and Press Center
Stay updated on ALA's latest news, events, and initiatives in libraries nationwide.
American Library Association chooses Daniel Montgomery as new executive director
PLA seeks responses to 2025 Public Library Services for Strong Communities Surv…
PLA invites all U.S. public libraries to participate.
Aging Together: An Evaluation of Library Programming for Older Adults
ALA will produce a final report providing insights, program models and recommendations.
Featured Jobs | ALA JobLIST
Education Librarian - University of Missouri - Columbia, MO 2 weeks ago
Director of Library Services - UTMB Library - The University of Texas Medical Branch - Galveston, TX 2 weeks ago
Digital Scholarship Librarian - Missouri University of Science and Technology - Rolla, MO 3 weeks ago
Social Sciences and Government Information Librarian - University of Missouri - Columbia, MO 3 weeks ago
Associate Dean for Research and Instruction - University of Cincinnati Library - Cincinnati, OH 1 month ago
Librarian I - Children's Coordinator - City of Petersburg - Petersburg, VA 1 month ago
Research and Learning Services Librarian - Hofstra University - Hempstead, NY 1 month ago
Instruction and Engagement Librarian - Eastern New Mexico University - Portales, NM 1 month ago
Director of Library Services - Placer County Library - Rocklin, CA 1 month ago
Children Services Librarian - Dayton Metro Library - Dayton, OH 1 month ago
Director - Avon Lake Public Library (OH) - , OH 1 month ago
Director for Collections Services - Binghamton University - Binghamton, NY 1 month ago
Director for Research Services - Binghamton University - Binghamton, NY 1 month ago
Executive Director Central Library - Texas Southern University - Houston, TX 1 month ago
Director of Library Services - UTMB Library - University of Texas Medical Branch - Galveston, TX 1 month ago
GO TO JOBLIST
Upcoming eLearning Opportunities
SEE ALL ELEARNING
Navigate through visible calendar events using tab, or use the previous and next buttons to view more events. Press Enter or Space to interact with event details.
07
JAN

ELEARNING

WEBINAR

Going Straight to the Source with Senior Advisory Boards (SABs)

Learn about forming your own senior advisory board to help shape library programs and services for seniors in your community.

ZOOM

07
JAN

ELEARNING

WEBINAR

Going Straight to the Source with Senior Advisory Boards (SABs)

Learn about forming your own senior advisory board to help shape library programs and services for seniors in your community.

ZOOM

13
JAN

ELEARNING

Beyond Your Department: Uniting Catalogers

By the end of the session, attendees will form a community of technical services professionals. The formation of these communities will encourage more librarians to participate in metadata projects.

14
JAN

ELEARNING

Passports & Notaries @ Your Library

A 60 minute webinar for those that currently offer or are considering offering notary and passport services.

20
JAN

ELEARNING

CORE/RUSA Webinar- From Goals to Impact: Library User Stories

Successful leadership efforts center key partners and anticipate concrete outcomes.

21
JAN

ELEARNING

Next Gen Tools for SWOT Analysis and Strategic Insight

A 75-minute webinar on exploring new approached to Strength, Weakness, Opportunities & Threats (SWOT) analysis.

21
JAN

ELEARNING

WEBINAR

How It Feels to Be Me: Understanding Autism Spectrum Disorder

Learn terminology and characteristics of autism, and challenges and joys experienced by members of the autistic community.

ZOOM

21
JAN

ELEARNING

WEBINAR

How It Feels to Be Me: Understanding Autism Spectrum Disorder

Learn terminology and characteristics of autism, and challenges and joys experienced by members of the autistic community.

ZOOM

21
JAN

ELEARNING

Leadership Skills Through Professional Service

This webina will explore how to strategically select and leverage service opportunities that align with career goals, build transferable skills, and enhance professional visibility.

26
JAN
06
MAR

ELEARNING

Fundamentals of Cataloging 2026 - Session 1.0

This 6-week online course is a basic primer for library cataloging concepts and practices.

Previous
Next
Shop ALA
BROWSE THE ALA STORE
Serving the Underserved: Strategies for Inclusive Community Engagement

Underserved populations frequently do not have access to a library—or they may even be unaware that they have an information need. How can we as a profession effectively reach them? 

Price
$64.99
Vintage ALA: Pencil Recycled Tote Bag

Visit the Graphics Gift Shop for all-new Vintage ALA items--t-shirts, hoodies, tote bags, pencil pouches, stickers, and more!

Price
$20.49
The Civil Rights Movement (Discover and Learn with the Library of Congress series)

Designed to support state curricula and teaching standards, this full-color book combines facsimiles of primary sources from the Library of Congress's unparalleled collections with teaching strategies and mroe resources.

Price
$19.99
READ Your Way Poster

Whether it's a hardcover or paperback, an audiobook, or eBook, it's all reading! Display this poster to celebrate and promote reading in a variety of formats.

Price
$18.00
Resource Quick Links
FOR THE PUBLIC
FOR LIBRARIANS
FOR THE PRESS
FOR ALA MEMBERS

ALSC's Children's Notable lists highlight media for children 14 years of age and younger of especially commendable quality that demonstrate respect for young people’s intelligence and imagination; exhibit venturesome creativity; and reflect and encourage the interests of children and young adolescents in exemplary ways.

2025 Notable Children's Books
2025 Notable Children's Recordings
2025 Notable Children's Digital Media

LEARN MORE

You May Also Be Interested In . . .

Book Awards Lists
I Love Libraries
Unite Against Book Bans
Advocate for Libraries
Become a Librarian
How I Library Podcast
Visit the Library Gift Shop

225 N Michigan Ave., Ste 1300

Chicago, IL 60601

1.800.545.2433

OFFICES
NEWS & PRESS
DIVISIONS
WORK AT ALA
ROUND TABLES
SHOP
COMMITTEES
facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube
threads
bluesky
tiktok
Donate
Footer Utility
ALA Websites 
Accessibility 
Privacy Policy 
User Guidelines 
Site Index 
Feedback 
Work at ALA

© 1996–2025 American Library Association

We use cookies to improve user experience, analyze web traffic, and provide personalized offers and advertisements. By clicking "Accept All," you consent to our use of cookies. ALA Privacy Policy

Cookie Settings Accept Cookies