a la mode | Trusted by more appraisers than all others combined Skip to content Solutions + Welcome to Titan Titan Office Titan Reports Titan Analytics Titan Drive Titan Seats Elite System Schedule Assist Memberships QuickSource TOTAL Total Sketch Pro TOTAL Connect TOTAL for Mobile Interflood Mileage Estimator XSites Smart Exchange TOTAL Store Industry's best value Save! Smart Scheduling New! Data Validation Expert Help Run your business efficiently Cloud-based forms system Instant market analysis Cloud storage for appraisers Add more users to your account Desktop Formfilling Report delivery Flood maps Websites Powerful cloud-based products Sketching Now featuring ScanToSketch Mileage Totals Fast and accurate comp data Integrations for analytics, sketchers, office management, etc. Stories Store Support Search Help Docs Training eBooks Tech Tips Video Channel Blog Contact Us My Account Switch to us LEARNING EDITION IS HERE Check out our resources to help you prepare for UAD 3.6 . Get Prepared Take a test-drive! Experience the most cutting-edge appraisal solutions with a free 30-day trial of TOTAL and our cloud-based Titan products. From order through delivery, you'll save time at every step. Free 30-day trial Trusted by more appraisers than all other vendors combined Create better appraisals in less time TOTAL is rock-solid and meticulously designed to save you time at every step. And it shows in every fiber of our formfilling platform. In fact, that’s why over half of the nation’s appraisals say “a la mode” at the bottom. It’s all here — countless data entry shortcuts, the ability to effortlessly reuse comps and spread your appraisal across many screens, integration with tons of apps via our exclusive TOTAL Store, and so much more. Upgrade to TOTAL “What used to take two hours with ACI, is now literally 30 minutes with TOTAL. The combination of the two products … [TOTAL and TOTAL for Mobile™] lets me get more work done faster. What I can do in two clicks with a la mode used to take me six to eight clicks with ACI. It’s just a better designed software.” Kenneth Volling Select Appraisal Service Ditch the clipboard Go paperless. Stop retyping. Save over 30 minutes per report. With our leading TOTAL for Mobile app, you’ll gather report data, take and organize photos, sketch, and more on your phone or tablet. No resketching or missing data. Everything syncs beautifully to the desktop. No data connection needed Free for iOS and Android devices More mobile forms than other apps Completely customizable for your workflow Step-by-step video , written, and webinar training Download it now “I’ve been using TOTAL for Mobile for about the last 13 months and it has helped me save 30% of the time spent on reports and increased my accuracy. It has also increased my bottom line revenue 30% in the last year.” Stephen Rochkind Area Appraisal Services, Inc. Help for every part of your day We’re the only vendor that focuses on the big picture to help you run your entire business. After all, filling out forms is just one part of your job. Our products will also help you: Collaborate with others and share data from anywhere Keep your appraisals safe in the cloud without extra steps Get rid of file cabinets and papers Handle client calls without driving to the office Get paid on time, every time Manage your office’s workload among employees Switch to us Titan is your appraisal office, everywhere Accomplish more in the cloud Every appraiser knows the legendary names from the past two decades of our appraisal software — names like Aurora, Athena, Apollo, and Olympus. But now there’s a new one to learn: “Titan”. And it’s the best one yet, by a long shot. Titan Reports is our latest-generation, 100% cloud-based forms system that runs on any web-enabled device (even a Mac). You can log in from anywhere, using your favorite browser, and instantly start working. Get new clients and better fees Protect yourself from mortgage market slowdowns by going after non-lender work. This way, when your lender and AMC work dips, you won’t scramble to stay profitable. Our XSites will help you land the lucrative attorney, agent, and homeowner work. You’ll also educate current clients with your website and automated marketing system. It’s far more affordable than hiring a designer too. And all it takes is about an hour to set up and customize. Then, simply update the content from time to time to boost your SEO. Start marketing your business “...There are days when all of my orders are generated directly from my XSite. By simply turning on a few features and adding some keywords, I have a website that keeps me busy year-round. The best part of XSites is once it’s set up you’re done.” Danielle Evans Gateway Appraisal Services, Inc Not all vendors are created equal. Our pricing policies are fair When you move to us, we’ll give you credit for what you have left on your current contract. So you could switch for free. From there, you don’t have to worry about token-like fees either. And our annual bundles (like the Elite System) save you tons of money. Loyal to the appraisal industry We treat you with respect. That’s shown in our Loyalty Rewards program, the fact that we invest so heavily into staffing our support department around the clock, “give back” codes for local groups, our track record for going to bat for appraisers, and more. Constantly innovating For example, we’ve developed mobile apps since 1991 and they keep getting better. (The other guys are still trying to catch up.) And pretty soon our Titan generation will bring cloud-based appraising, comp management game-changers, and more. “When you’ve been with a vendor forever, it can be hard to switch. I was with ACI 15 years before ending the relationship. When I made the move to a la mode, it was clear to me they understood the appraisal process and created a product with the features key to increasing an appraiser’s productivity. Their products are simple to use, the learning curve is minimal, and it’s a super productivity increaser. You’ll start saving time immediately importing comparables and mapping data. The workflow is logical and easier to navigate than ACI.” Mark Schaitel McS Appraisal “I can do 17 appraisal inspections in one day using TOTAL for Mobile. With the app, I can get through a house in 15 minutes rather than an hour like I used to. It’s a huge timesaver. One of the greatest things about TOTAL for Mobile is the rooms tab. I can quickly input all the information I need, including taking a photo and labeling it — all from one screen. Best of all, I don’t have to go back and do it all over again at the office, as everything immediately gets added to my report.” Jacob Hamilton Rolling H LLC See what our customers are saying Find a real estate professional in your area alamodeinc alamodeinc Products Appraisers XSites Network Company About Careers Blog Get in touch 1-800-ALAMODE ⁠appraiserinfo@cotality.com Contact us a la mode and its products are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cotality  |  a la mode technologies, llc Other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. © 2025 Cotality  |  a la mode technologies, llc  | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy