Alarmy - Not Just an Alarm Clock, Your Morning Upgrade SCROLL DOWN Article DARO Contact EN KO EN ES JP CN Get the app Get the app Get started Alarmy by scanning the QR code Not Just an Alarm Clock Your Morning Upgrade Stay with Alarmy through every moment, From sleep to wake Waking up 3.5 million people around the world every day. Even now, Alarmy is helping people worldwide start their mornings right. 1 위 97개국 앱스토어 카테고리 1위 4.8 /5 점 높은 스토어 평점 1.1 억 건 누적 앱 다운로드 Alarm Wakes you up better than anyone Mission Wake up with a mission, no turning back. Break sleep inertia and truly wake up. Math Memory Shake Typing Squat QR/Barcode Step Photo Sound Can't resist waking up a powerful sound that hits! With over 45 alarm sounds guaranteed to get you up. Wake Up Check Stop snoozing! It rings till you're up! We’ll make sure you’re really up! 99 Sleep Sleep well, Wake up better Sleep Report Always tired? We’ll show you why. Wake up to check fully analyzed report Snore Detect Wonder how much you snored? Find out what you did in your sleep Sleep Sounds Fall asleep fast with calming sounds Alarmy's original sleep sounds Trusted by more than 75 million heavy sleepers worldwide Every day, Alarmy is making a difference, transforming lives one morning at a time. Alarmy is by far the best! This app is so well-designed and reliable! I’ve tried everything to wake up, but Alarmy is by far the best – especially with all the customization options. It wakes me up quickly without disturbing my partner, and the mood tracker has been helpful for my mental health journey. Highly recommend it to anyone needing more than a basic alarm! Alarmy is the only alarm app I trust Alarmy is the only alarm app I trust – it’s got everything I need and more! I love the variety of features and the regular updates from a team that actually listens. I can't think of any improvements; it’s already amazing. Great work, dev team! This app has truly saved my life! This app has truly saved my life! As a chronic deep sleeper, I’ve always struggled to wake up, but the math question feature pulls me right out of sleep. The premium features like increasing alarm volume and wake-up checks have helped me not miss things for the first time in my life. I’d rate this app 1000/10 – so grateful to have found it! This app has saved my job, got me a promotion! All my life, I have known to be a heavy sleeper. I sleep in 4th stage deep zone where I won’t even know if there’s an earthquake (unless somebody literally shakes me or loudly calls my name). But this app is amazing. It makes sure that you wake up. The best thing is that it doesn’t scare you up. It wakes you with a “fresh start of the day” feeling. I used to sometimes turn my alarm clock off and then go back to sleep. But this app doesn’t let you do so. Highly recommended!! This app has saved my job, got me a promotion! This app has saved my job, got me a promotion and helped me wake up even on the hardest mornings. I wake up at 2:30am and 3:30am and it can be difficult to make myself wake up, but this app makes me get up and start my day giving me the time I needed to get ready. Thank you Alarmy! Made Getting Up a Sure Thing for Me! it's a very good app with several excellent features. there is one where you have to scan a barcode to turn the alarm off that has made getting up a sure thing for me. the app runs smooth while scanning with the camera, the other apps I've seen with similar features are awful because the alarm is playing while it's slowly trying to boot the camera. a big plus too is that the developer seems to genuinely want to deliver a good product. FAQ We’ve gathered all your frequently asked questions in one place. Q Can I use Alarmy for free? Yes, you can access Alarmy's essential features for free! For those who want a more powerful alarm experience, we offer a Premium version. With Premium, you can enjoy enhanced features like Prevent Falling Back Asleep, Alarm Sound Power-Up, and unlimited access to snore recordings, along with many other options. Q How is Alarmy different from regular alarm apps? Alarmy is a morning wellness app that supports your entire sleep and wake-up process. Its unique Mission Alarm feature requires you to complete tasks, like solving math problems or taking a photo of a specific object, to turn off the alarm, making it harder to snooze. Plus, with sleep tracking and snore detection, Alarmy helps you monitor your sleep quality and provides a morning report to help you start each day successfully. Q How does the Mission Alarm work? The Mission Alarm feature requires users to complete tasks such as solving math problems, shaking the phone, or taking a photo of a set object or location to silence the alarm. These activities are designed to fully wake you up, helping reduce the chance of falling back asleep. Q What is Alarmy’s Sleep Analysis feature? Alarmy’s Sleep Analysis feature tracks your sleep patterns and records any snoring sounds during the night. Each morning, you’ll receive a report on the quality of your sleep to help you understand and improve your sleep habits. Premium users can enjoy unlimited playback of recorded snore sounds. Q I have more questions! We’re always here to help! For any additional inquiries, please email us at cs@delightroom.com or use [Settings > Send Feedback] in the app to get faster support. Thank you! Start your day right with Alarmy About Us About us hiring Blog DARO Contact Follow Us Facebook Instagram Linkedin @2025 Delightroom Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Get the app