Alaska's News Source | KTUU/KYES | Anchorage, AK Skip to content Streaming Contests Careers Programming Schedule Simple & Savory Nourish AK Community Calendar Sign Up for Newsletter Live News Weather Nights of Lights Podcasts Submit News Tip Submit Photos and Videos News Local National Politics Election Results Crime Economy Elections Education Back to School Investigative Community Morning Edition Weather Weather Headlines 24/7 Alaska Weather Weather Lab Volcano Watch Celebrating Solstice Earthquakes and Tsunamis Sky Watch Alaska Picture Alaska Traffic Gas Prices Sports 907 Sports Alaska's Olympians Iron Dog Scoreboard Athlete Of The Week Fishing Report Iditarod Mount Marathon Features Telling Alaska's Story We the People Arctic Gardens In Depth Alaska Inside the Gates Health Watch Watching Your Wallet AK Everyday Parenting in the Far North Food Roadtrippin' Providence Health Minute Livestream Newscasts Podcasts Connect With Us Sign Up for Newsletter Submit News Tips Submit Photos and Videos Download our Apps How to Watch On-Demand Community Calendar Advertise With Us Contests About Us Meet the Team Contact Us Job Openings KTUU Press Releases Programming Schedule Transmitter FAQ NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams Circle Country Gray DC Bureau PowerNation InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy 6 weather alerts in effect Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar Where to see fireworks in Alaska on New Year’s Eve Here’s where you can catch a fireworks show across the Last Frontier on Dec. 31 Elections Petition to repeal Alaska’s election reform law will go in front of voters Health Watch Instead of New Years resolutions, experts say to set New Years intentions News Alaska State Troopers Northern SWAT arrest Fairbanks man for attempted murder TOP HEADLINES News Juneau deals with avalanche risks after record-breaking snowfall Updated : 59 minutes ago | By Hannah Lee Snowfall in Juneau over the past week has smashed records for the city and borough, bringing avalanche risks and sunken vessels. State Alaska’s DFCS Commissioner to join Trump’s administration Updated : 4 hours ago | By Hannah Lee Alaska’s Department of Family and Community Services Commissioner Kim Kovol is leaving the Department to join President Donald Trump’s Administration at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, according to a press release from Governor Mike Dunleavy. News Troopers find a man dead on Pennock Island Updated : 4 hours ago | By Josiah Pike A man was found dead Tuesday on Pennock Island, an island near Ketchikan News Surfing in Sitka to start the new year Updated : 21 hours ago | By Joe Allgood To the outside world, Alaska and surfing may seem like an unlikely association, but Alaskans have likely heard of the state’s cold water waves. News More than 700 landslides, avalanches discovered after M7.0 Alaska earthquake Updated : 24 hours ago | By Makayla Clark A magnitude 7.0 earthquake that struck Dec. 6 near Yakutat resulted in dozens of massive avalanches, scientists say. Community Fairbanks residents buckle down for coldest December since 1980 Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 3:27 PM AKST | By Alex Bengel This month is shaping up to be the coldest December Fairbanks has seen since 1980. 7 Day Forecast FEATURES LATEST VIDEO News Troopers find a man dead on Pennock Island News Alaska State Troopers Northern SWAT attempting arrest in Fairbanks News Alaska State Troopers Northern SWAT attempting arrest in Fairbanks News Morning Edition Extra, Dec. 31, 2025 MORE NEWS News New USS Ted Stevens destroyer delivered to U.S. Navy Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 5:34 PM AKST | By Lars Hanson Huntington Ingalls Industries has delivered the guided missile destroyer USS Ted Stevens to the the U.S. Navy, the company announced Monday. Community Missing dog recovered in Girdwood ravine after almost 2 weeks Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:45 PM AKST | By Jayce Bertrand The search for a beloved Girdwood dog has come to an end after Alyeska Ski Patrol members found him in a ravine near the ski resort. News ‘Selfless’: Alaskan veteran dies fighting for Ukraine Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 7:52 PM AKST | By Joe Allgood An Alaskan and U.S. Army veteran died while fighting for Ukraine in the war against Russia. State Legislature $1.36 billion for rural healthcare comes with catch: Alaska must pass laws lawmakers say they weren’t briefed on Updated : 24 hours ago | By Wil Courtney Alaska received the nation’s second-highest rural healthcare award, but keeping the more than $1 billion reward requires legislative action which Senate President Gary Stevens says he hasn’t briefed on. Consumer Bought a car in Alaska? State orders refunds over hidden fees Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 6:55 PM AKST | By Lars Hanson Hundreds of Alaska buyers may be owed refunds after an investigation into undisclosed dealer fees. News Anchorage Police Chief says shoplifting is down after a special unit targets holiday retail theft Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 4:00 PM AKST | By Lauren Maxwell The Anchorage Police Chief says shoplifting is down in the city after a special unit targets holiday retail theft News VIDEO: Palmer cell tower snaps in half Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 1:52 PM AKST | By Joey Klecka and Freddy Wheeler A cellular tower in Palmer was seen broken in half after recent high winds tore through the area. News Operation Santa visits displaced Western Alaska families in Anchorage Updated : 19 hours ago | By Georgina Fernandez Children displaced by former Typhoon Halong met with Santa and received a gift during Operation Santa, a nearly 70 year tradition from the Alaska National Guard. State Legislature Mat-Su Republicans become lawmakers after legislative body shifts Updated : 23 hours ago | By Wil Courtney Two Mat-Su Republicans took the oath of office and became lawmakers after House Republicans confirmed their positions. Community Online fundraiser brings in thousands for kittens at Wasilla ‘Cat Café’ Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 1:10 PM AKST | By Dani Tompkins The Wasilla Cat Café, run by 18-year-old Tahlya Rice, has received thousands of dollars from a GoFundMe to help kittens in need. News ‘You can’t climb again if you’re dead’: Two UAA students attempt Mt. McKinley during winter solstice Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 4:20 PM AKST | By Dani Tompkins On Dec. 16, 2025, Dalton Borton and Lane Christenson left in attempts to summit the tallest peak in North America in the dead of winter. Community Mountain View restaurant to close on New Year’s Eve Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 4:26 PM AKST | By Lauren Maxwell Anchorage’s only German restaurant is getting set to close its doors on New Year’s Eve following the death of its owner earlier this month. MORE NEWS News Human remains found in Christmas Day home fire on McCarthy Road Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 6:57 AM AKST | By Hannah Lee Human remains have been found at the scene of a residence fire off McCarthy Road, according to Alaska State Troopers. News Governor announces approval of millions for rural healthcare in Alaska Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 3:38 PM AKST | By Jonson Kuhn Alaska Gov. Mike Dunleavy announced Monday that Alaska’s application to the federal Rural Health Transformation Program was approved and that the state will receive approximately $272 million for Fiscal Year 2026. Forecast Juneau breaks 61-year-old December snowfall record Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 8:30 AM AKST | By Aaron Morrison Today's Alaska weather forecast from Alaska's Weather Source. News Unalaska Airport closed due to weekend storm surge Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 5:56 PM AKST | By Josiah Pike The state closed the Unalaska Airport over the weekend due to storm impacts that included tons of beach debris that washed up on the runway. News Houston Fire Department gives firework safety tips ahead of New Year’s Eve Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 9:49 PM AKST | By Jayce Bertrand While Alaskans enjoy the beauty of the aurora for most of the winter season, New Year’s Eve gives a select few the chance to light up the night sky in a different way. Athlete Of The Week AOTW: Santa’s little helper recaps the best of 2025 Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 10:13 PM AKST | By Tyler Lane From Barrow, Seward and beyond, it was another great year for Alaska's athletes, and we've brought in some help to relive the best moments. News Heavy snowfall in Southeast Alaska closes major roads, leaves residents buried under feet of snow Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 5:39 AM AKST | By Josiah Pike The Haines Highway in southeast Alaska is impassable due to heavy snow drift Community Alaska State Parks to kick off 2026 with new app Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 5:56 PM AKST | By Hannah Lee Alaska State Parks will be launching the new year with an incentive to get people outside, whether on their own or with community events. News New ambulance unveiled at Anchorage fire station Updated : Dec. 29, 2025 at 3:26 PM AKST | By Hannah Lee The Anchorage Fire Department celebrated on Monday the arrival of the fourth and final new replacement ambulance. News NEW DETAILS: Report of shots fired at officer in Spenard area on Christmas morning, APD says Updated : Dec. 27, 2025 at 6:29 PM AKST | By Makayla Clark An Anchorage Police officer reported being shot at while on patrol in Spenard Christmas morning News Weather Sports Community KTUU 501 East 40th Avenue Anchorage, AK 99503 (907) 762-9202 Public Inspection File publicfile@ktuu.com - (907) 762-9202 FCC Applications Terms of Service Privacy Policy EEO Statement Advertising Digital Marketing Closed Captioning/Audio Description Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2026