We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Privacy Policy
Accept
Powered by WebsitePolicies
Skip to main content
QUICK LINKS
  UA QUICK LINKS
SEARCH
UAF
UAA
UAS
Empower Alaska

We are the University of Alaska

VISIT EMPOWER ALASKA SITE

Previous
Next
pause slides
Home
(current)
Campuses
(current)
Admissions
Alumni
(current)
Donate
(current)
UA System 
UAOnline
(current)
Information for Prospective Students
Degrees and Programs
Information on study options and programs.
Cost of Attendance
Find out more about cost of attendance, room and board, tuition and fees. 
How to Apply 

UA admission process and links to university applications.

Workforce Development
Explore workforce training  and access career services. 
Discover our three universities and campuses across Alaska
Featured Campaigns

Teach Alaska

Nationally Accredited & State Approved Teacher Education Programs - Click to visit site

Empower Alaska

The University of Alaska shapes the minds of today and the economy of tomorrow - Click to visit site

Financial Aid

Financial aid, scholarships, grants, work-study, and more are available - Click to visit site

Systemwide Attainment Framework

Aligning work across the UA System to recruit, retain, and graduate more Alaskans - Click to visit site

 

Visit the UA News Center

 


UA news and information


System News

Don’t wait, invest in your child’s future before year-end

December 19, 2025


With Dec. 31 approaching, Alaska 529 highlights year-end education savings options and incentives available to families planning for future education costs.


Waiver renewal notice for spouses and dependents

December 19, 2025


Spouses, FIP and dependents of full-time faculty and staff who received a fall 2025 tuition waiver do not need to submit a spring request.


A holiday message from UA president Pat Pitney

December 19, 2025


While the holiday season represents different traditions for each of us, for all of us, it's a time to celebrate traditions, gather with friends and loved ones, and express gratitude.


More News
Did You Know?

Did you know the University of Alaska is a central figure in Alaska's emerging mariculture industry?

December 16, 2025


The Alaska Blue Economy Center is proving instrumental in the rise of mariculture in the state, linking research, workforce efforts and global partnerships.


Did you know UA Scholars are sharing their success stories in a new video series?

November 25, 2025


As UA Scholars receptions take place statewide, a new video series shares first-person stories from recipients who used the award to pursue their goals at UA and beyond.


Did You Know UAF is a national finalist to lead U.S. critical minerals innovation?

November 11, 2025


UAF's Alaska Critical Mineral Accelerator proposal is among 15 finalists nationwide in an NSF competition focused on building a secure domestic supply of critical minerals.


More Stories
UA in the News

R/V Sikuliaq embarks on its first journey to Antarctica

Nov. 18, 2025
The research vessel Sikuliaq began a long journey to Antarctica, marking a new era for the Seward-based ship and its crew.
Read Sikuliaq article 

Students make incredible breakthrough with 3D-printed house that's unlike any other: 'Like a tiny crane'

Nov. 29, 2025
UAF students helped in the research and engineering of a 3D-printed building in Nome, Alaska
Read 3-D printed house Article 

UAS to offer in-state tuition for all

Nov. 3, 2025
The University of Alaska Southeast announced that it will offer in-state tuition to all undergraduate students starting fall 2026.
Read tuition article 
More News

 

 Campus Safety and Respect
 
QUICK FACTS
~500
Degrees, certificates and endorsements
~140
eLearning programs
20,500
Students enrolled in 2025
100,000+
Alumni
$239.7 M
Research expenditure

 

 

 

MANY TRADITIONS ONE ALASKA

The University of Alaska is a land-, sea- and space-grant system of higher education established in 1917.
The UA system's three universities (UAA, UAF and UAS) are separately accredited institutions with campuses and extended learning centers across the state of Alaska.
Learn More about the UA System

University of Alaska System

2025 Yukon Drive, Fairbanks, AK 99775
907-450-8100 - Public Affairs
907-450-8200 - Human Resources
907 450-8300 - OIT
SYSTEM OFFICE DIRECTORY

Last Updated: 12/15/2025

The University of Alaska is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access Employer and Educational Institution. The University is committed to a policy of non-discrimination against individuals on the basis of any legally protected status.
UA is committed to providing accessible websites. Learn more about UA's notice of web accessibility.

This site is maintained by OIT.
For questions or comments regarding this page, contact helpdesk@alaska.edu | ⓒ UA


