Home | Alberta Health Services FOR STAFF FOR HEALTH PROFESSIONALS FOR COMMUNITY PARTNERS CAREERS CAREERS BE PART OF A TEAM THAT CARES Since 2017, we have been recognized as a top employer for our efforts to create an innovative and diverse workplace that values the contributions of our employees. Find a job at AHS FOR APPLICANTS Applicant help An overview of the hiring process, application tips, and advice. Career profiles Find career profiles covering the wide range of AHS roles. Inclusive hiring Building a diverse & inclusive work environment. Indigenous applicants We need and value the Indigenous Peoples who are part of AHS. Student applicants AHS provides opportunities, support, and more to students. International applicants AHS welcomes international health care professionals to apply. WHY AHS Together, we do amazing things every day No matter what your role, working with us is about making a difference. Benefits Learn about employee benefits and pension coverage offered at AHS. More about careers HEALTH TOOLS HEALTH TOOLS MyHealth Records consist of two tools to help track and maintain overall health in different ways: MyChart Interact with your AHS and partner care teams and stay connected with your health records. My Personal Records Access personal health information including immunizations, diagnostic imaging, medications and lab results. Learn about MyHealth Records Search SEARCH ALBERTA HEALTH SERVICES Search Popular searches: Parking AHS ID Program MyChart English Menu SEARCH ALBERTA HEALTH SERVICES Search Popular searches: Parking AHS ID Program MyChart MAIN MENU Main Navigation Health information Health information Information for Infants and toddlers Children Indigenous Health LGBTQ2S+ health Men's health Parents School & educators Seniors Teens Women's health Topics Addiction & mental health Cancer COVID-19 Rehabilitation Sexual and reproductive health West Nile View all topics Health journey stage Prevention & healthy living Treatment & management Continuing care End of life planning & care MyHealth Alberta Find information, tools and resources to support you in your health journey. Alberta Healthcare Card Learn more about healthcare coverage in Alberta and how to apply. Services and facilities Services and facilities Services Use this tool to find health services near you. Find a doctor Use different search tools to find any specialist or family doctor in Alberta. Book an appointment Learn how to book medical appointments. Hospitals & facilities Use this tool to find hospitals and facilities near you. 811 Health Link Call Health Link and you have options to speak with a variety of health care professionals. Cancer Care Alberta Leading care through compassion, courage, learning and discovery. News News Active health advisories Get informed about unexpected situations and emergencies across the province. Temporary service reductions & ICU updates Unplanned, temporary service disruptions are not unusual for AHS - or any other health system. AHS stories Read stories from different patients that have used AHS services. News releases Get the latest Alberta Health Services news or view past new releases. Events View any upcoming events, workshops, and information sessions hosted by Alberta Health Services. Media contacts A list of contacts for Alberta Health Services media inquiries to be directed to. Prehab program strengthens Albertans for surgery For some, readying for surgery can be disconcerting - but an AHS program is empowering Albertans by helping them to proactively prepare. Get involved Get involved Participate in research Research studies can help us improve how we care for our patients and their families. Join our online community Together4Health is AHS' online platform, where Albertans can have their say on various healthcare topics. Become a patient & family advisor Delivering the best service starts with finding ways to listen to the voices of patients and families. Volunteer Volunteers play many important roles across the province and give back to their communities. SHARE YOUR FEEDBACK Patient concerns and feedback Contact a health inspector Thank a healthcare provider or team Thank a paramedic About us About us Capital projects Corporate organization Diversity & inclusion Doing business with AHS Foundations and health trusts Publications and transparency Vision, mission, values Thank a healthcare provider or team If you missed the opportunity to thank someone for the care you received, now’s your chance. Corporate Organization Our Values AHS Competencies Action on Our Priorities More Transparency AHS Review Organization Charts Publications Vision & Mission More Strategies & Plans Four Strategies Professional Practice Health & Business Plan More Talk to Us Send us your feedback, suggestions and additions for the About section . English Health System in Alberta Système de santé en Alberta النظام الصحي في ألبرتا Sókínniapi niitápao’tsi’ihpi a’nowa Alberta 亚伯达省的医疗系统 亞伯達省的醫療系統 Miyw-âyâwin pamihcikêwin pîhci Alberta Hëtıë Ts’ëna bası Alberta k’ëyaghë Alberta में स्वास्थ्य प्रणाली (हेल्थ सिस्टम) Alberta ਵਿੱਚ ਸਿਹਤ ਪ੍ਰਣਾਲੀ Nidaamyada Caafimaadka ee Alberta Sistema médico en Alberta Mâkoche aîyotabj Alberta ejiyabi nen, tachâ Îmâ îfs, tawachî githnîbi onîyâ taopîîcheye ze ech ስርዓተ ጥዕና ኣብ Alberta Hệ thống y tế tại Alberta MAIN MENU MAIN MENU Health information Services and facilities News Get involved About us For Staff For Health Professionals For Community Partners Careers Health Tools Header changed I need help now Patients with life-threatening conditions should immediately phone 911 . For health advice 24/7 phone 811 , a free health information service. Select the option that best fits your situation: Previous Next Start Over Send Feedback Thank you. Your feedback will help us make this service better for Albertans. Start over ACUTE CARE ALBERTA Alberta Health Services Always here for you. Always caring for you. Emergency Wait Times Live estimated emergency wait times for acute care facilities. Urgent Care For unexpected, non-life-threatening health concerns that can't wait. Health Link For health advice 24/7 phone 811 a free health information services. Find a Doctor Your best option for on-going health needs. View all your healthcare options Find services and programs AHS provides a variety of healthcare services and programs. You can find them by service type and location. Find services and programs Stay informed Register to save lives Registering as a donor can save lives and restore the quality of life for hundreds of people in Alberta. Learn about Give Life Alberta Help in tough times At some point in our lives, we have stressful times. There are resources and services available to help you and your loved ones during a difficult time. Explore help and support Popular health topics Learn how immunization protects you Diabetes Heart disease Measles Kidney care Sexual and reproductive care Cancer Addiction and mental health Immunization Chronic pain Rehabilitation View all health topics Learn how immunization protects you View all health topics Emergency department & urgent care wait times The wait times is based on the average patient and does not reflect the wait for those who are critically ill or injured, or those with minor conditions. We provide care to the most critical cases first. Select city/town (More locations will be available in the future) Calgary and area Edmonton and area Fort McMurray Grande Prairie Lethbridge Medicine Hat Red Deer Calgary and area Edmonton and area Fort McMurray Grande Prairie Lethbridge Medicine Hat Red Deer Cannot find your city or town? Emergency care is available across Alberta, whether or not the wait times are posted for a site. Find emergency departments or urgent care services, here: Healthcare Search. Locations with estimated wait times available in Calgary Results for Calgary 3 out of 14 results 01 hr 22 min Adult Emergency 01 hr 22 min Children's Emergency Foothills Medical Centre 64 Main Street Calgary Alberta 4B 3K7 Get directions in Google maps Open 24 hours For all patients 01 hr 22 min Adult Emergency 01 hr 22 min Children's Emergency Foothills Medical Centre 64 Main Street Calgary Alberta 4B 3K7 Get directions in Google maps Open 24 hours For all patients 01 hr 22 min Adult Emergency 01 hr 22 min Children's Emergency Foothills Medical Centre 64 Main Street Calgary Alberta 4B 3K7 Get directions in Google maps Open 24 hours For all patients Results as of 11:31 AM View all locations EMERGENCY : For those who are seriously ill or injured, with potentially life-threatening conditions. URGENT CARE : An option for unexpected, but non-life threatening health concerns. Your health is a journey Learn about different aspects of your health journey Prevention and healthy living Treatment and management Continuing care End of life planning and care What is happening in Alberta Recent news, advisories and stories _2025 Feature Stories,_Feature Story,Calgary - Feature Story,Central - Feature Story,Edmonton - Feature Story,North - Feature Story,South - Feature Story,listing-home-featured | December 17, 2025 Nutrition screening boosts care for trauma patients at Royal Alex ‘What’s powerful is how something this small can improve the care journey’ _Health Advisory,North - Health Advisory,listing-home-advisory | December 23, 2025 Boil water advisory issued for Hilltop Estates _2025 News Release,_News Release,North - News Release,listing-home-news | December 22, 2025 Virtual Emergency Physician program comes to Smoky Lake _Health Advisory,Edmonton - Health Advisory,listing-home-advisory | December 22, 2025 Confirmed case of measles prompts public alert to potential exposures in Edmonton _Health Advisory,North - Health Advisory,listing-home-advisory | December 22, 2025 Confirmed case of measles prompts public alert to potential exposures in Grande Prairie and Valleyview Categories News Health advisories Stories Find the latest health advisories in your community Northern Area Edmonton & Area Calgary & Area Central Alberta Southern Area Not sure where you are located? Find your area here 811 HEALTH LINK For health advice 24/7 phone 811 a free health information service. You have options to speak with a variety of health professionals. More about Health Link 811 SEND US YOUR FEEDBACK Alberta Health Services values your input. Your feedback will help us continuously improve the quality of Alberta's healthcare system. Submit feedback ONLINE PAYMENTS Online payment is available for hospital stays, food handling permits, ambulance services, courses, parking citations, and parking permits. Make a payment About this site DATA & REPORTING EMS Response Times Publications & Transparency Public Health Inspection Reports Wait Times Reporting CONNECT WITH US Contact Us Facebook YouTube X Important numbers Donate Our work takes place on historical and contemporary Indigenous lands, including the territories of Treaty 6, Treaty 7 & Treaty 8 and the homeland of the Métis Nation of Alberta and 8 Metis Settlements. We also acknowledge the many Indigenous communities that have been forged in urban centres across Alberta. © 2025 Alberta Health Services | Terms & Conditions | Privacy