Skip to content
Notifications

Non-urgent government operations are closed December 24 to January 1, reopening January 2. View available services during this period.

Notifications

Government mail service may be affected by the Canada Post labour disruption. Learn about how critical government mail will be handled.

Alberta.ca
Search Alberta.ca
Alberta.ca Account
Menu
Acute Care Action Plan

Addressing immediate pressures in Alberta’s hospitals and emergency systems while laying the foundation for long-term improvements.

Learn more
Find the Alberta government services and information you need
About government
Agriculture
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
Business and economic development
Culture
Driving safety
Education and training
Emergency preparedness, disaster response and public safety
Employment
Energy
Environment
Family and social supports
Fish and wildlife
Health
Housing
Indigenous relations
Infrastructure
Justice
Moving to Alberta
Municipalities
Non-profit and charitable organizations
Tax information
Tourism, sport and outdoor recreation
Initiatives
Schools Now

Building more classrooms now for Alberta’s growing communities.

Download the app

Get information about emergencies, including critical emergency alerts as well as information alerts to help you be aware and be prepared. Download the app today.

Cutting red tape

We're cutting red tape to reduce costs, speed up approvals and make life easier. Have an idea? We want to hear it.

Refocusing health care in Alberta

A refocused health care system will improve health outcomes for Albertans and empower health care workers to deliver quality care across the province.

Active emergency updates

Updates on major active emergencies and recovery information in Alberta.

Care-first auto insurance

Better benefits, faster care for injured people and more stability for drivers and insurers.

See all initiatives
Featured news
December 10, 2025
Growing Alberta’s fresh food future
A new program funded by the Sustainable Canadian Agricultural Partnership will accelerate expansion in Alberta greenhouses and vertical farms.
December 10, 2025
Revitalizing Alberta’s iconic ski resorts
Castle, Fortress and Nakiska have been designated as Alberta’s first all-season resort areas, making it easier for people to stay and play year-round.
December 9, 2025
Rock solid reforms for sand and gravel
Alberta’s government is acting fast on 15 recommendations delivered by the Sand and Gravel Task Force report to modernize private land sand and gravel pit regulation.
See all news
Premier of Alberta

Danielle Smith was sworn in as Alberta's 19th Premier on October 11, 2022. Find out more.

Alberta.ca
Footer
Ministries
Jobs
Contact government
Staff directory
About Links
Using Alberta.ca
Disclaimer
Privacy
Accessibility
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
© 2025 Government of Alberta
Back to top