Features  Budgeting Genius Help Log in Sign up Sign up Sign up Features  Budgeting Genius Help About ⸱ Careers Get started Download the app Introducing Genius . Your personal financial assistant. Budget, save, invest, and shop smarter with a financial assistant who gets money and things done. Get started Download the app Albert sees your full financial picture. 📊 Budget 🏦 Accounts 💳 Bank 💰 Save 📈 Invest 🛡️ Protect Create a custom budget, track spending, monitor bills, and find savings. Learn more Unlock the full power of Albert with Genius . 📊 Financial plan 🛍️ Shopping 🛟️ Assistant 🗺️ Experiences 🔔 Alerts 🗄️️ Vault Your financial planner Build budgets, track spending, and get insight into your financial innerworkings. Genius gives you a monthly report on your spending. Learn more Discover Genius in action   Budgeting with Genius Genius automatically creates your budget to help you track spending, monitor bills, and find savings. Move money instantly Easily move money and make transfers between your accounts with Genius. Shop within your budget Find products and deals. Genius helps you choose options that fit within your budget. Travel agent Genius can create full travel itineraries. It'll find places to stay, things to do, and how to get there. Keep documents safe Securely store important documents. Genius can even break down insurance policies and other financial data. Fully customizable alerts Get notified when you hit financial goals, spending limits, and so much more with Genius. Know where your money’s going Monitor your spending and cash flow, track your bills, and find savings. Learn more 📊 Auto categorization Smart categorization automatically categorizes your transactions. 💸 Monitor spending Stay on top of your spending and monthly cash flow. 🗓️ Track bills and subscriptions We detect recurring bills and subscriptions, then help you lower or cancel them. Do less — and get more from your money — with Genius. Genius identifies small amounts of money you can afford to set aside, and then moves that money to your savings account for you. Learn more Bank, save, and invest seamlessly . Albert is not a bank. Banking services provided by Albert’s bank partners. See disclosures  💳️ Banking Cash back on spend. Get paid early. Fee-free ATMs. Learn more 💰 Saving Save automatically. Create your own savings goals. Learn more 📈 Investing Invest in stocks, ETFs, and strategies managed by Albert. Learn more Protect your accounts Guard your identity and financial accounts 24/7. Protect yourself against threats and fraud. Learn more 🛡️ Identity protection Albert secures your identity and accounts with 24/7 monitoring for signs of fraud. 💻 Dark web monitoring Detect and remove your personal details online to protect your privacy and reduce scams and fraud. 🎯 Credit report alerts Get notified to potential fraud, accounts opened with your identity, and credit inquiries. 🚨 Spot fraud Catch early signs of financial fraud with alerts of suspicious financial activity. 🛟 Online data privacy Automatically remove your private information online. 💼 ID theft insurance Get up to $1M of ID theft insurance to cover eligible losses and fees. Over 20 million customers trust Albert . 200K+ 5-star app reviews $2B+ Saved and invested $13B+ Budgeted, tracked, and managed Get started Download the app Sign up in minutes and see what Albert can do for you. Get started Download the app Company About Careers press@albert.com Support Help support@albert.com Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Disclosure Library Your Privacy Choices  Privacy options When you visit the Albert website, we may track information related to you or your device. This information may be shared with third parties to optimize your experience with Albert and to market our services. To limit the use of your sensitive personal information or opt out of sharing, toggle your settings below. If you’re logged in on this browser, this will change your preference for your Albert account. If you’re not logged in on this browser, this will only change your preferences for this browser. To opt out of sharing for your Albert account, you can visit the app and go to the Profile tab > Settings > Security > Information sharing. Or, go here to enter your account information and opt out of sharing. To learn more about your privacy choices, visit our Privacy Policy . Manage consent preferences Allow sharing and selling  Information sharing Enter the phone number associated with your Albert account to opt-out of information sharing. If we’re able to locate an account with your phone number, this will turn off sharing for your account. Submit App Albert is not a bank. Banking services provided by Sutton Bank and Stride Bank, N.A., Members FDIC. Albert Savings accounts are held for your benefit at FDIC-insured banks, including Wells Fargo, N.A. The Albert Mastercard® debit card is issued by Sutton Bank and Stride Bank, N.A., pursuant to a license by Mastercard. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. Funds in Albert Cash are held in a pooled account at Sutton Bank and Stride Bank, N.A. Funds in Savings accounts are held at Wells Fargo, N.A. Cash and Savings account funds are eligible for up to $250,000 in FDIC insurance on a pass-through basis should the bank holding your funds fail. Your FDIC insurance is subject to specific conditions being satisfied. Albert subscription plans range from $14.99/mo to $39.99/mo. Try your plan for 30 days before you're charged. Your plan will auto-renew until canceled or your Albert account is closed. Cancel in the app. See Terms of Use for more details. Albert Genius is an AI-powered financial assistant. Genius can make mistakes. Information or recommendations by Genius are provided “as is” and may be inaccurate. Albert makes no representation or warranty as to any of the information or recommendations provided, in whole or in part, including with respect to their accuracy, reliability, timeliness, or content. The Instant Advance is available to you at Albert’s discretion. There is no credit check, late fees, or interest. An Albert subscription is not required to use Instant Advance. Transfer fees may apply. Limits range from $25-$1,000, subject to eligibility. Not all customers will qualify and few will qualify for $1,000. See app and Terms of Use for details. Instant Loans may be issued by FinWise Bank, a Utah chartered commercial bank, Member FDIC, or Albert, pursuant to licenses in Utah and Florida. To check the rates and terms you may qualify for, Albert conducts a soft credit pull that will not affect your credit score. However, if you choose to continue your application, we will request your full credit report from one or more consumer reporting agencies, which is considered a hard credit pull and may affect your credit. Loans start at $1,000, and are subject to eligibility criteria and review of creditworthiness and history. An Albert subscription is not required to apply for or maintain an Instant Loan and has no impact on eligibility. To transfer to an external account within minutes, a transfer fee may apply. Not all customers will qualify for an Instant Loan. Terms apply. See app and Terms of Use for details. Early access to direct deposit funds depends on the timing of the payer’s submission of deposits. We generally post such deposits to Albert Cash accounts on the day they are received which may be up to 2 days earlier than the payer’s scheduled payment date. Cash back rewards are subject to terms. See the app and the Terms of Use for more details. For High Yield Savings accounts, interest rates are variable and subject to change at any time. These rates are current as of 1/1/2026. There is no minimum balance requirement. You must have an eligible subscription tier to access High Yield Savings. Fees to use Albert may reduce the earnings on your account. Investment advisory services are provided by Albert Investments, LLC, a Registered Investment Advisor. Brokerage services are provided by Albert Securities, LLC, Member FINRA / SIPC . Securities products are not FDIC insured or bank guaranteed, not a deposit, and may lose value. Albert Genius is not a financial advisor. Additional disclosures available here . Credit score calculated on the VantageScore 3.0 model. Your VantageScore 3.0 from Experian® indicates your credit risk level and is not used by all lenders, so don't be surprised if your lender uses a score that's different from your VantageScore 3.0. Click here to learn more. The Identity Theft Insurance is underwritten and administered by American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, an Assurant company. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions. Review the Summary of Benefits. All displayed trademarks and logos are for illustrative purposes only and are not a recommendation, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security. Any displayed trademarks or logos are the property of their respective owners and do not represent endorsements of any kind. Please see our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for more details. Albert The all-in-one money app. Get the app Albert | Your personal financial assistant