alby: The Customer Experience Agent for Retail Platform AgentOS Support Integrations Case Studies Launches Experiences Product Advisor In-Session Context Recommendations Playbooks Resources Jam Sesh Blog Watch Demo Book Demo Start for Free The Customer Experience Agent for Retail A unified AI agent for sales and support, fine-tuned for ecommerce brands and how their customers shop today. Start for Free Get Demo Learn Why We work with brands of all sizes Make every part of shopping easier alby guides your shoppers from discovery to conversion to post-order support. Compare products, make recommendations, resolve support issues and so much more. Watch Demo Support Fast, reliable support. Your agent handles questions about orders, returns, and policies on the spot. Discovery & Research Whether shoppers have a vague idea or need inspiration, your agent asks the right questions to guide them to the right products. Consideration When shoppers leave to research, you lose them. Keep them on your site with instant answers, clear comparisons, and quick review summaries. Your most valuable customer data is already in the chat alby doesn’t just help shoppers, it learns from them. Every interaction is a chance to build a more complete, evolving profile that powers smart marketing, better personalization, and higher LTV. alby is dramatically increasing revenue per session on our site. Working with alby has been nothing short of amazing. Nathan Decker Director of Ecommerce, evo alby Helps evo Shoppers Find the Right Gear for Them From beginner bikers to expert skiers, evo’s AI agents power instant product research and recommendations. 85 % customer satisfaction $ 3 M+ in annual incremental revenue 2 X+ conversion rate 30 x+ ROI Read Case Study We’ve tried a lot of AI tools in the last 6 months, but alby has consistently been one of the easiest to deploy with a high value add. Erik Stephens Director of Ecommerce, Denali Denali Electronics Turns Technical Shopper Questions into Revenue Discover how the motorcycle accessory manufacturer addresses complex compatibility questions to drive customer satisfaction and boost conversions. 80 % customer satisfaction 5000 monthly answered questions 90 x ROI Read Case Study We’ve now seen almost 5,000 product questions answered, lower bounce rates and higher customer engagement, which only helps our SEO rankings. Michael Hughes Founder & CEO PlushBeds Builds Customer Confidence with alby’s 24/7 Product Expertise Mattress retailer boosts engagement with alby’s AI Shopping Assistant, offering 24/7 personalized product expertise and unique shopper insights. 14 % engagement rate 6000 monthly answered questions 95 % questions asked with predictive buttons Read the case study Have alby questions? Ask alby! Experience it for yourself by asking any questions you have about the alby platform. Unify Sales & Support One AI agent for your entire customer experience. alby helps you drive more sales and deliver faster support — all while staying on brand and in control. Explore Agent OS Sales Predict the questions that drive shoppers to buy. Answer detailed product questions Recommend products and compare options Summarize reviews and personalize advice Support Resolve requests without human escalation. Track orders, returns, and exchanges Answer FAQs like warranty, and sizing Route complex requests to your team in real time Scale with safety and your unique brand voice. Your agent is an extension of your brand. alby protects your company and helps your customers at the same time. Set Guardrails Easily set up guardrails and rules to keep responses accurate and cut down on hallucinations. Audit Agent Responses Monitor shopper conversations in real time and refine your agent’s role, tone, and limits to stay true to your brand values. Lead with Transparency Your agent isn’t a black box—alby clearly shows how responses are generated, building trust with every interaction. Experiment without risk. Start your free trial. Talk to Us 44 W 18th Street New York, NY 10011 Product Login AI Chatbots alby for Shopify Integrations Resources Watch Demo Case Studies Blog Knowledge Base Careers ©2025 alby. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions