Alcoa -- Home AA $53.14 (-1.24) Company Products Sustainability Careers Investors News Locations Company Products Sustainability Careers Investors News Locations Alcoa Turns Raw Potential into Real Progress Experience Alcoa Building a Legacy of Excellence for Future Generations Inspired by our vision and guided by our values Creating Impact Our vision is to build a legacy of excellence for future generations. We’ll realize this vision by running the safest and most reliable operations in the industry while growing our people and shaping the future. We're turning today's work into a stronger future - not just for Alcoa, but for the industry and world we help build. LEARN MORE video Please enable targeting cookies to watch videos. You can enable targeting cookies on our Cookie Policy page . Our Commitment Every day, you’ll find us striving to protect the safety and health of our global workforce and our environment. We actively engage with our stakeholders in the communities where we operate.  We are focused on not just today, but tomorrow as well - for the people and communities who come next. LEARN MORE Our People From purposeful career development and inclusive and diverse work teams, Alcoa employees turn raw potential into real progress. Today, we continue to channel the determination that first launched an industry. We’re leading with the same boldness that shaped our history - and setting a new standard that others will look to for generations. LEARN MORE Alcoa Worldview Community Impact Campaign Delivers Global Reach, Deep Local Impact The Alcoa Foundation is proud to highlight the outcomes of its 2025 Community Impact Campaign, a global volunteer and grantmaking initiative mobilizing Alcoans to deliver support, solidarity and sustainable impact in their communities around the world. Read More Alcoa, Aurizon on Track for Battery-Electric Train Trial in Western Australia READ MORE Collaborating for Inclusion: Alcoa Foundation Reflects on 2025 IG Impact Fund Progress READ MORE View All Stories Latest Corporate Press Releases - English Only Thursday, December 18, 2025 4:10 pm EST Alcoa Schedules Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Earnings Release and Conference Call Read More Tuesday, November 25, 2025 4:25 pm EST Alcoa Corporation Announces Intention to Redeem in Full $141 Million of Outstanding 5.500% Notes Due 2027 Read More Wednesday, November 19, 2025 8:30 am EST Alcoa to Participate in Citi’s 2025 Basic Materials Conference Read More View All Press Releases Our Products Light. Strong. Infinitely Recyclable. Versatile. Innovative. Sustainable. Sustainable Manufacturing We’re on a mission to build a better future, one where aluminum will play an even larger role in solving challenges in a carbon-constrained world. Our products and break-through technologies are what’s needed to address a variety of customer challenges, including helping lower the carbon footprint of end products by using responsibly produced aluminum. Sustana® Alcoa has the industry’s most extensive portfolio of low-carbon products in our Sustana brand. With active operations across the full upstream aluminum industry, we take a comprehensive view from the mine to metal. VIEW PRODUCTS Elysis® An Alcoa joint venture is ramping up a technology that eliminates all greenhouse gases (GHGs) from the traditional process used to make aluminum. The ELYSIS process generates pure oxygen, replacing all GHGs. LEARN MORE Our Core Materials Aluminum Our aluminum segment includes smelting, casting and select energy assets. More than 75 percent of our smelting portfolio runs on renewable energy. LEARN MORE Alumina We are the world's largest third-party producer of alumina. With installed refinery capacity of 17 million metric tons per year, we currently operate six refineries in Australia, Brazil and Spain, supplying the world with alumina for smelters and for non-metallurgical purposes. LEARN MORE Bauxite Alcoa has ownership in seven active bauxite mines globally and operates four of them, making us among the world’s largest bauxite producer. LEARN MORE VIEW ALL PRODUCTS We’re changing the aluminum industry Our world needs more efficient, sustainable approaches, and Alcoa is uniquely positioned to deliver the solutions. We are consistently recognized with inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, and we have global certifications from the Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, the industry’s most comprehensive third-party system to validate responsible production practices. With an unrelenting focus on consistent improvement, we are working to show the world what a sustainable aluminum company truly looks like. READ OUR SUSTAINABILITY REPORT We’re changing the aluminum industry Our world needs more efficient, sustainable approaches, and Alcoa is uniquely positioned to deliver the solutions. We are consistently recognized with inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, and we have global certifications from the Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, the industry’s most comprehensive third-party system to validate responsible production practices. With an unrelenting focus on consistent improvement, we are working to show the world what a sustainable aluminum company truly looks like. READ OUR SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Our Global Workforce We call ourselves 'Alcoans' LEARN MORE Our Culture At Alcoa, we know that when we tap the ingenuity inside each of us, we can unleash moments of brilliance that can change the world. That’s why we’re deliberate about creating a culture where everyone can do their best work and bring their authentic selves to work. Our Alcoa Values drive every decision we make. As an Alcoan, you’ll find a culture that’s inclusive and welcoming. Discover your element of possibility within our company. JOIN US Built to Succeed through Market Cycles Delivering essential products Our strategic priorities of Excel Today, Continuously Improve and Invest for Tomorrow make Alcoa a strong company, allowing us to succeed throughout the commodity cycles and innovate for a sustainable future. Today, we are the right company at the right time. Aluminum is an essential element in powering a global, sustainable economy. We are ready for what’s ahead. We have best-in-class bauxite mining practices. Our global refining system has the lowest average carbon dioxide intensity on the planet. And we are creating game-changing innovations in aluminum smelting. And as a recognized leader in Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices, we actively work with industry partners, governments, associations, and communities to maximize our value. RESOURCES FOR INVESTORS Contact Us Legal Notices Privacy Cookie Policy Accessibility Alcoa Foundation Customers Suppliers Integrity Line Copyright ©2026 Alcoa Corporation