Unrivaled Managed Security Services | Alert Logic Fortra.com Contact Us Company About Alert Logic Leadership Newsroom Awards Careers Support Support Center Product Documentation Knowledge Base Release Notes Community Product Training Submit a Ticket Login MDR and Managed WAF Login Partner Login Request Demo Managed Services Managed Security Services Alert Logic delivers unrivaled managed security for any environment, delivering industry-leading extended detection and response (XDR), managed detection and response (MDR), and web application firewall (WAF) solutions. Fortra XDR Managed security coverage across every layer of your environment – endpoint, network, identity and cloud. Alert Logic MDR The platform, processes, and people to detect, respond to, and reduce your organization's security threats. Fortra Managed WAF Hassle-free, expert managed web application and API protection. Our Expertise = Your Peace of Mind Schedule A Demo Request a Quote Why Alert Logic Why Alert Logic Our cloud-native technology coupled with an experienced team of experts gives your organization the most comprehensive 24/7 security coverage. Cloud Leadership Unrivaled expertise in cloud-based security 24/7 Threat Detection Global SOC experts continuously monitor your systems Customer Experience Our managed approach provides exceptional customer service Comprehensive Coverage Coverage throughout your technology stack Automated Response Rapidly detect and respond to threats Simple, Scalable Pricing Pricing options based on your precise needs A trusted leader in detection & response Read the Report Use Cases Use Cases Achieve your security posture goals with comprehensive, around-the-clock threat protection and security expertise. Detection & Response Security Operations Center (SOC) Threat Hunting Visibility & Monitoring Incident Response Endpoint Protection Application Security Client-side Protection API Security SaaS Vendor Security Cloud Security AWS Azure Container Security Network Security Intrusion Detection Vulnerability Scanning Asset Discovery & Inventory On-Prem Security Hybrid Security Compliance PCI HIPAA GDPR SOC 2 NIST HITRUST ISO Log Management Log Sources & Integrations Resources Resources Get a look into how our award-winning platform, cutting-edge threat intelligence, and expert defenders all work together for you. Demos XDR Interactive Tour 8-Min MDR Demo Videos 30-Min MDR Demo Video Schedule a Live Demo Top Blog Posts How Does NDR Work? Beyond Good and Eval() The Cost of a Data Breach View all Blog Posts Free Assessments 2-Minute Cloud Security Assessment TCO Calculator Solution Briefs Fortra XDR Alert Logic MDR Alert Logic Built for AWS Alert Logic WAF View all Solution Briefs By Type Blog Case Studies Solution Briefs Guides & White papers Industry Reports Webinars View all Resources Pricing Request Demo Fortra.com Contact Us Company About Alert Logic Leadership Newsroom Awards Careers Support Support Center Product Documentation Knowledge Base Release Notes Community Product Training Submit a Ticket Login MDR and Managed WAF Login Partner Login Request Demo Select Page With 20+ years providing managed security services, we deliver. Alert Logic's trusted, proven solutions break the attack chain. Discover Alert Logic Schedule a Demo Unrivaled Managed Security 24/7 Global SOC monitoring 20+ Years securing IT environments​ 97% Customer satisfaction score​ 7 Minutes mean time to detect (MTTD) Accelerate your security goals with our managed security solutions — powered by 20+ years of expertise, 24/7 threat defense, and comprehensive coverage across any environment. Comprehensive Detection & Response Fortra XDR and MDR solutions offer the most comprehensive visibility across public cloud, hybrid, and on-premises environments. Learn More Web App & API Protection Fortra Managed WAF is designed to thwart web app and API attacks through advanced threat protection, optimized by our security experts. Learn More Compliance Simplified Our managed security solutions empower you to achieve your security compliance goals more efficiently. Learn More 24/7 SOC Expertise Our global SOC is on the forefront of our customers’ defense, providing expertise that measurably improves security posture. Learn More Award-Winning Managed Security Solutions FEATURED REPORT G2 Enterprise Grid® Report for Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Learn why G2 users rank Alert Logic as a top MDR choice. Download the Report Pioneering Cloud Security with AWS Since 2011, Alert Logic has been a trailblazer in cloud security, forging a strategic alliance with AWS to deliver real-world protection for customer workloads. As a founding member of the Amazon Partner Network (APN) and a proud participant in the ISV Accelerate Program, we’ve helped organizations worldwide achieve stronger security outcomes through deep, purpose-built integration with AWS services. Recognized as an AWS Level 1 Managed Security Service Provider (MSSP), we hold specialized designations in Modern Compute and Digital Forensics & Incident Response. Our expertise spans key AWS services — including AWS WAF, Amazon GuardDuty, AWS Control Tower, AWS CloudTrail, and AWS Container Services — making us a trusted partner in critical areas of cloud security. SECURE YOUR AWS ENVIRONMENT See Why Security Leaders Choose Alert Logic “With automated alerting, potential problems affecting app availability are caught before they impact users. We’d have to double our staff to do the same kind of alerting Alert Logic does for us.” Max Graupner , VP of Security and Audit, RunBuggy “Our current team would have to be twice the size to be able to give ourselves the kind of coverage that we’re getting with Alert Logic.” Cheng Zou , Director of Site Reliability Engineering, Iodine Software “I deal with a lot of companies of a similar size or bigger or smaller and as far as I’m concerned, Alert Logic is as good as it can get.” Ian Whitwell , Assistant Director of Business Transformation and Technology, Muir Group Blog Latest from Alert Logic Staying Compliant While Using AI: What CISOs Need to Know Dec 30, 2025 Learn how CISOs can stay compliant while adopting AI by establishing governance, access controls, data protection, and monitoring to manage risks, navigate evolving regulations like the EU AI Act, and safeguard sensitive information in AI deployments. Cybersecurity Risks During a Government Shutdown Dec 19, 2025 Discover key cybersecurity threats during a government shutdown and the steps organizations should take to strengthen protection and reduce risk. Defending the Identity Layer in the Age of AI Dec 15, 2025 Protect your organization from AI-era identity threats with modern IAM, least-privilege access, and continuous monitoring. Explore Our Blog Experience the Managed Security Advantage Discover the peace of mind that comes with trusted, around-the-clock security support. Connect with us today to learn more. EXTENDED DETECTION AND RESPONSE Managed security coverage extended to all potential points of compromise – endpoint, network, and cloud – so you can achieve your desired security outcomes and strengthen your security posture. REQUEST A DEMO or Request Pricing MANAGED DETECTION AND RESPONSE Delivering peace of mind from threats by combining 24/7 SaaS security with visibility and detection coverage wherever your systems reside. REQUEST A DEMO or Request Pricing MANAGED WEB APPLICATION FIREWALL Block attacks targeted at your web applications and APIs with advanced threat protection, optimized by our team of web security experts. REQUEST A DEMO or Request Pricing Alert Logic delivers unrivaled security for any environment, delivering industry-leading managed detection and response (MDR), extended detection and response (XDR), and web application firewall (WAF) solutions. 1.877.484.8383 44 (0) 203 011 5533 [email protected] Request A Quote Managed Services Fortra XDR Alert Logic MDR Fortra Managed WAF Request Demo Why Alert Logic Why Alert Logic Overview Cloud Leadership Incident Response Customer Experience Comprehensive Coverage 24/7 Threat Detection Simple, Scalable Pricing Company About Alert Logic Leadership Newsroom Awards Careers Resources Resources Center Webinars Blog Case Studies Industry Reports White Papers Solution Briefs Support Product Documentation Knowledge Base Release Notes Community Product Training Submit a Ticket Cookie Policy Privacy Statement CCPA Do Not Sell My Personal Information Legal Copyright © Fortra, LLC and its group of companies. Fortra®, the Fortra® logos, and other identified marks are proprietary trademarks of Fortra, LLC.