Sign In
Alexa+
Shop Echo & Alexa
Alexa+ at your fingertips

Once enabled, Alexa+ will be on all of your compatible devices. When you see the blue light, you can keep talking without having to repeat Alexa’s name.

All-in-one planning

Get help turning your ideas into action with visuals and clear steps.

Pick up where you left off

Move smoothly between your browser and devices. Alexa keeps it all in sync.

Discover and do

Ask about any topic, and have Alexa take action.

A new way to experience Alexa

Now you can access Alexa+ on your browser. Dive deep into topics and pick up conversations anytime, everywhere. Alexa keeps the context across your devices like Echo and Fire TV.

All-in-one planning

Alexa+ can provide inspiration for your next event or party, create checklists, help write invitations, and more—all right from your browser.

Pick up where
you left off

Start and continue conversations from anywhere. Research topics on your computer, type or talk on the Alexa app, and pick conversations back up on Echo, Fire TV, and other compatible devices.

From your browser

Use Alexa+ on your browser to dive deeper into topics like planning a vacation.

To the Alexa app

Continue conversations on-the-go to add events to your calendar, browse tickets, and more.

To your devices

Keep the conversation going on other Echo and Fire TV devices. Alexa+ keeps the context.

Discover and do

Get answers on any topic, then have Alexa+ turn that knowledge into action—from scheduling and meal-prepping to booking services and more.

All part of Alexa+

The new Alexa unlocks more than just access from anywhere. With natural conversation, you can use just your voice to tackle daily to-dos, plan ahead, and hear recos tailored to you. Learn more about accessing the new Alexa.

Talk naturally

Say anything, then flow right into other requests or topics.

Watch the talk naturally video
 
Jump right in

If you need to interrupt the conversation, Alexa adapts.

Watch the jump right in video
 
Pivots welcome

Change the topic halfway through your chat. Alexa keeps the context.

Watch the pivots welcome video
 
Uniquely yours

Alexa remembers your preferences, and gives you customized answers.

Watch the uniquely yours video
Explore more
Get Alexa+

The new Alexa is smarter, more conversational, and free
with Prime.

Learn more about the
new Alexa

Echo Devices

Chat with Alexa across devices at home, or on-the-go.

Learn more about Echo Devices

Trust & Privacy

Built-in protections to safeguard your privacy and keep you in control.

Learn more about trust and privacy

Frequently asked questions


1. How do customers get early access to Alexa+?

To learn more about Alexa+ Early Access, click here. We are rolling out Alexa+ Early Access to US customers who own or purchase a compatible Echo or Fire TV device. If you want access sooner, you can purchase a new eligible Echo, Fire TV or Fire Tablet device which will come with Alexa+ Early Access when you set up your device. Certain refurbished or used devices do not qualify. Learn about Alexa+ set up with your device purchase here. Customers can also request Alexa+ access when they sign up with their personal email account. Customers will be notified via email and through device notifications once access is granted. We will expand Early Access to more customers over time. Once you join Alexa+ Early Access, Alexa+ will start working across all your compatible Echo devices, Fire TV, Fire tablets and the Alexa app.



2. What devices are compatible with Alexa+?

Alexa+ Early Access will work across various Echo devices, Fire TV and Fire tablets, including certified refurbished and used devices. Learn more about what device you have here.

Alexa+ will work on most Echo devices. Certain older generation Echo devices will continue to use the original Alexa and include Echo Dot 1st Gen, Echo 1st Gen, Echo Plus 1st Gen, Amazon Tap, Echo Show 1st Gen, Echo Show 2nd Gen, and Echo Spot 1st Gen.
Compatible Fire TV devices include Fire TV Cube (3rd Gen), Fire TV Stick 4K Max (2nd Gen), and Fire TV Stick 4K (2nd), Fire TV Omni Mini-LED Series, Fire TV Omni QLED Series, Fire TV 4-Series, Fire TV 2-Series, Panasonic W95, Panasonic Z85A, Panasonic Z95A, Panasonic Z95B, and Hisense U6.
Fire tablets running Fire OS 8 or higher are compatible with Alexa+, including Fire HD 8, Fire HD 8 plus 12th Gen, Fire HD 10, 13th Gen, and Fire Max 11, 13th Gen. Please note that Alexa+ is not available in Kids mode on Fire tablets.
Currently, Alexa+ is not supported on Amazon Astro, but we look forward to expanding to additional devices in the future.



3. What languages is Alexa+ available in?

Alexa+ is currently only available in English for customers in the US. Device language must be set to “English United States” to use Alexa+ on your device. To change your language settings, go to the Alexa app, or on-device by going to Settings > Device options > Device Language.



4. Can my child access Alexa+ on their web browser?

No. Child profiles are not currently supported on the browser version of Alexa+. Parents can give their children access to Alexa+ experiences for kids by turning on Amazon Kids or enabling a Voice ID on their Kids Edition Echo devices or other compatible Echo devices.



5. Can I use my voice to talk to Alexa+ on my browser?

At this time, you can type to Alexa+ on your browser, but you cannot use your voice to talk. If you prefer to use your voice, you can talk to Alexa on your compatible Alexa-enabled devices or in the Alexa app.



6. Does Alexa+ on browser have the same features as on device?

Alexa+ on browser is in Early Access and features will be released on a rolling basis. Playing Music and Smart Home features are not supported with Alexa on your browser at this time. Alexa may not get everything right, and we value feedback from everyone who participates. Just say “I have feedback” in the chat bar.



7. What is the cost of Alexa+ on your browser?

Alexa+ on your browser is available to customers using Alexa+. Alexa+ will be free during Early Access. After Early Access ends, you will not be automatically charged and Alexa+ will be free with your Prime membership. For non-Prime customers, you can sign up for Alexa+ for $19.99/month.

