Alfresco | Open Source Content, Process & Governance Management| Hyland Skip to content Community Contact us English EN Português PT English EN Français FR Deutsch DE 日本語 日本語 Español ES Search Toggle mobile navigation Search PLATFORM PLATFORM Platform Content Intelligence Content Capture & Processing Process Automation Content Management Governance Application Development Systems Integrations Collaboration Cloud PLATFORM Content Innovation Cloud™ Harness the power of a unified content, process and application intelligence platform to unlock the value of enterprise content. Learn more Content Intelligence Content Capture & Processing Process Automation Content Management Governance Application Development Insert your title here Systems Integrations Collaboration Insert your title here Cloud Close menu SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS Solutions Overview By Industry By Department Services Technical Support All Products SOLUTIONS Intelligent document processing Automate your document-centric processes with AI-powered document capture, separation, classification, extraction and enrichment. Learn about Hyland IDP By Industry Industries Overview Healthcare Financial Services Government Insurance Education Media & Entertainment Manufacturing CPG & Retail Other Industries Industries It's your unique digital evolution … but you don't have to face it alone. We understand the landscape of your industry and the unique needs of the people you serve. Overview of industries By Department Departments Overview Accounting & Finance Human Resources Legal Departments Countless teams and departments have transformed the way they work in accounting, HR, legal and more with Hyland solutions. Overview of departments Services Services Overview Education Services Implementation Services Managed Services Consulting Services Data Conversion Services Document Imaging Services Services We are committed to helping you maximize your technology investment so you can best serve your customers. Overview of services Technical Support Insert your title here All Products Close menu CUSTOMERS CUSTOMERS Customers Overview Case Studies CUSTOMERS Customers Discover why Hyland is trusted by thousands of organizations worldwide. Hear from our customers Case Studies Close menu PARTNERS PARTNERS Partner Program Become a Partner Find a Partner Partner Resources PARTNERS Partners Our exclusive partner programs combine our strengths with yours to create better experiences through content services. Overview of partners Become a Partner Find a Partner Partner Resources Close menu RESOURCES RESOURCES Resources Overview Analyst Reports Articles Downloads Events Product Releases Terminology Resource Center RESOURCES Get monthly insights Join The Shift newsletter for the latest strategies and expert tips from industry leaders. Discover actionable steps to stay innovative. Register now Analyst Reports Articles Articles Downloads Events Product News Terminology Resource Center Close menu COMPANY COMPANY Overview of Hyland About Why Hyland? Newsroom Careers COMPANY Company Hyland connects your content and systems so you can forge stronger connections with the people who matter most. Learn about Hyland About About Overview History Corporate Responsibility Acquisitions Executive Team Locations Awards and accolades Why choose Hyland? With our modern, open and cloud-native platforms, you can build strong connections and keep evolving. Dig deeper Why Hyland? Newsroom Careers Close menu Request a demo Home Solutions All products Hyland Alfresco Hyland Alfresco Intelligently activate processes and content to accelerate the flow of business. Start your free trial Visit the Alfresco Hub Features How it works Integrations Documentation Case studies Resources Reviews Key features Alfresco delivers an open, scalable, cloud-native content, process and governance management suite. Take a look at some of the key features that make it such a powerful addition to any organization. Document management With Alfresco, you can quickly find and access the exact information you're looking for from anywhere on any device using web-based viewing tools. Intelligent process management Tightly integrated process and content services capabilities streamline content-centric processes and enable faster, more informed decision making. Enterprise collaboration Teams can seamlessly extend the benefits of Microsoft 365 and Google Docs, supercharging productivity with enterprise collaboration tools . Information governance Alfresco Governance Services automates the information life cycle with little intervention by users, reducing business risk and strengthening compliance. Intelligence and analytics Alfresco delivers a scalable way to automatically enrich content and metadata and providing key insights by automatically extracting valuable information. Extend and integrate Built on open standards and APIs, Alfresco is easy to integrate and customize to meet your business needs. How it works Get a quick look into the full scope of tools and control Alfresco can provide your organization. Integrations Seamless integration with leading applications Consistent data across all systems Easy configuration to meet your needs Alfresco integrations Leverage information from your key applications to improve capture and automate processes in Alfresco, keeping data in sync across all systems — empowering better business decisions. View integrations Documentation Alfresco technical documentation Visit the site Let's connect Visit Hyland Connect Customer support Log in to the portal Case studies Liberty Mutual Insurance Global insurer saves $21 million over five years with assistance from Hyland. RBC Capital Markets Leading investment bank modernizes operations with Hyland's Alfresco platform. Cisco World networking leader runs faster and more efficiently with Hyland Alfresco. Trust Bank Singapore Bank reimagines workflows and delivers faster, more intuitive customer experiences with Hyland Alfresco. View all case studies Resources Five drivers for modernizing enterprise content management Download e-book What DOD 8180 means for information governance How Hyland can help Forrester Study: The Rise of Content Intelligence – A New Era of Innovation in ECM Insights from the 6th Annual Content Services Pulse Study, 2025 Edition Explore how modern content services solutions unlock content intelligence to streamline workflow, strengthen governance and drive better business outcomes. Get practical insights on AI readiness, content intelligence adoption and workforce transition strategies. Access the report Empower your people to deliver their best with Hyland Connect with an expert Get in touch Thank you! We have received your message and will be in contact shortly. Thank you! We have received your message and will be in contact shortly. Be more informed, empowered and connected through every interaction
          and in every relationship with everyone you serve. Contact us Why Hyland Case Studies Analyst Reports Insights Integrations Discover & Learn Resource Center Terminology Downloads Product Updates All Pages Hyland Services Implementation Managed Consulting Data Conversion Document Imaging About Hyland Careers About Partners Corporate Responsibility Newsroom Connect Community Events Training Documentation Tech Support Start your shift to a new era of content innovation. Get monthly insights Follow Us ©2025 Hyland. All rights reserved. Hyland, the H design, and Hyland product names are registered and/or unregistered trademarks of Hyland and its affiliates in the United States and other countries. Privacy Cookie Policy Manage Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Terms of Use Security and Compliance Legal and Compliance