Alida | Community-Centered Research Platform Discover new audiences, scale your reach, and bring compelling insights to life in minutes with Alida AI. Learn More toggle site search click to toggle site search EN FR DE Solutions Solutions By Role UX Research Market Research Product Research Customer Experience By Industry CPG Financial Services Healthcare Media & Entertainment Retail Technology Travel & Tourism Platform Platform Platform Alida AI Audience Management Feedback & Research Insights Technology Request Pricing Customers Partners Resources Resources Resources Overview Blog Resource Library Company Company Who we are Join the Team Alida Impact Newsroom Events Partner with us Connect with us Learn More Who We Are Join the Team Newsroom Events Connect with us Support Policies & Legal Policy Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Terms of Use Alida is a customer experience management and customer insights platform. Collect valuable customer feedback and voice of employee data through your insight community powered by Alida. Solutions By Role UX Research Market Research Product Research Customer Experience Watch a Demo By Industry CPG Financial Services Healthcare Media & Entertainment Retail Technology Travel & Tourism Platform Overview Access core audiences, gather feedback at scale. Alida AI Drive efficiency, scale, and faster time-to-insight with embedded AI Audience Management Confidently recruit, profile, and segment with secure end-to-end audience management Feedback & Research Quickly build and execute activities to reach your audience wherever they are. Insights Generate and analyze insights to inform your strategy. Technology Trust that your customer data is secure with the highest level of privacy and governance controls. Professional/Managed Services Enjoy effortless administration and seamless integration. Customers Resources Library Blog Partners Company Who We Are Join the Team Alida Impact Newsroom Events Connect With Us Support Login Support Get a Demo The Easier & Faster Way to Gain Actionable Insights Test marketing campaigns Refine user experiences Build better products With the leading community-centered research platform. Request a demo Virtual Event Learning from 25 Years of Insights and Looking to the Future Ahead Watch on-demand Whitepaper The Best of Both Worlds Maximizing the Value of Communities and External Sample Download Now Product Showcase Alida Product Showcase Webinar: What’s New (and Next) in the Alida Platform Introducing AI Research Assistant & Figma Integration Watch on-demand Go from data to decisions in an instant with Alida AI. Learn more Virtual Event Activate Better Insights with Real Users More Methods. More Research. All in One Platform Watch on-demand eBook Why the strongest insight programs have communities at the core Download now Research Essentials Guide Series UX Best Practices for Research Teams Download now Test marketing campaigns Delta Award Winning Story J.Crew Group Read the story Intelligent research assistance at your fingertips Query, visualize, and share customer insights like never before with Alida AI. Get real-time guidance to improve data interpretation and analysis, easily summarize and share findings, and surface trends and opportunities. Get to Know Alida AI See it in action The Alida Research Platform The Community Difference To stay competitive, build lasting relationships, and drive business value, companies need a research and insights platform that delivers fast and reliable customer feedback at scale. Alida’s community-centered approach to research delivers: Access & Quality Always-on access to opted-in sample with 25-60% response rates. Speed Recruit and iterate faster, remain agile, improve speed to insight. Scale Test and validate with representative audiences without constraints. Operational Efficiency Break down data silos, consolidate research activities, and reduce cost. Learn more A Single Platform to Support Every Phase of Your Research Program Alida AI Drive efficiency, scale, and faster time-to-insight with embedded AI Learn more Audience Management Access audiences that matter most & build meaningful relationships. Learn more Feedback & Research Gather feedback at scale across multiple methods and channels. Learn more Insights Dig deep into your data to extract insights that matter. Learn more One Platform. Limitless Potential. Democratize research across your organization with a single platform for all teams. From recruitment to building and executing activities, to analyzing and sharing results with key stakeholders - Alida’s centralized research platform has you covered. Get a demo We get a lot of emotional responses from customers. Panelists feel it is very meaningful that they can share their insights. They know and value that a real person is reading the verbatims and open ends. ~ Sofia Gomez Garcia Executive Director of Innovation UX & Product Teams Understand user behaviors, needs, and pains to inform product design/development and ensure what you build meets customer expectations. Read the story Our executives need to maximize programs and know the what, why and interest level of key loyal segments. The community gives us a direct channel to consumers... ~ Rhian Foley Manager of Customer Research Researchers Confidently recruit, segment, and engage with the audiences that matter most using the tools and methodologies that fit the needs of your program. Learn more As a customer focused company, we work together with our members to better understand their experiences, needs and challenges so we can consistently deliver value in the innovation and solutions we create for their businesses and industries... ARC Research Ops Team Research Operations Streamline execution, scalability, and governance of research programs and ensure every team has the data they need to make informed decisions. Learn more The Most Innovative Brands Use Alida 176 million people globally have shared their insights through Alida's Community Platform to inform over 60,000 customer experiences and initiatives. Read more customer stories See the power of community-centered research in action Watch a demo Alida is a Community Research platform that helps the world's biggest brands create highly engaged research communities to gather feedback that fuels better customer experiences and product innovation. Company Who We Are Join the Team Newsroom Connect with us Support Policies & Legal Policy Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Terms of Use Stay informed Sign up to receive updates on our latest events, content, and other key resources Subscribe Form Linkedin Icon Instagram Icon ©2025  Alida. All Rights Reserved.    | Do Not Share (for California residents) | Cookie Settings