Business Networking Platform | Alignable Home Features Alignable Platform Alignable 360 About Us Testimonials Resources Advertise Find Networking Events Alignable University Help Center Blog Learning Center Log in Join Now Your Network Has Untapped Referrals Partners Potential Customers Join the business networking platform trusted by 10 million business owners Get Started Now — Free Membership Your Network Has Untapped Referrals Partners Potential Customers Join the business networking platform trusted by 10 million owners Get Started Now — Free Membership Your Network Has Untapped Referrals Partners Potential Customers Join the business networking platform trusted by over 10 million business owners Get Started Now — Free Membership Discover why millions of business owners trust Alignable as their networking platform. 100% built for entrepreneurs 25% of total US business owners 9 Million members in North America 140 Million relationships formed Discover why millions of business owners trust Alignable as their networking platform. 100% built for entrepreneurs 25% of total US business owners 9 Million members in North America 140 Million relationships formed Discover why millions of business owners trust Alignable as their business networking platform. 100% built for entrepreneurs 25% of total US business owners 10 Million members in North America 140 Million relationships formed FEATURED IN Discover New Opportunities from Existing Contacts Because business networking isn't just about who you know — it's about who they know Our technology connects you to your existing contacts, and shows you the opportunities their networks can give you. Your next best customer could be just one introduction away. Join now to unlock the power of your connections! Join for Free Grow Your Network Meet business owners who'll help you reach your goals Alignable is the go-to network for over 9 million business owners. These are the people who become clients, customers, and partners — or who introduce you to them. Unlock Growth GROW YOUR NETWORK Join groups relevant to your business Meet like-minded business owners in networking groups that range from industry and location-based, to people who share your background or interests. Unlock Growth GROW YOUR NETWORK Make real connections Join high quality networking events where you can start building meaningful relationships, rather than navigating sales pitches and small talk. Unlock Growth Grow Your Business Discover untapped business potential in your network Experience the power of precision networking on Alignable. Our technology takes your specific business goals, and helps you connect with the most valuable people. And our AI tools help you make personalized introductions at scale. Join for free to see for yourself! Sign Up Gain a Competitive Edge Keep developing your skills as a business owner to set yourself apart From industry-specific to broader business operations, we have articles, videos, and events led by experts to learn from. Elevate your knowledge today! Join for Free Your Business Problems, Solved Get professional support from fellow small business owners Use our technology dedicated to finding personalized solutions for your specific business needs. Whether you want to use a DIY tool or hire a trusted professional, we can point you in the right direction. Try It Now Grow your business here. Unlock business opportunities in over 35,000 communities across North America. Join Now "Alignable's been amazing! It's all about real connections, and it's seriously boosted my Growth Agency. I've grown my client base, met incredible people, and truly believe Alignable is the "Sleeping Giant" every business needs. So thankful for the growth!" —Jannery Michelle, StrongFoundation Marketing Trustpilot Frequently Asked Questions About Us Alignable is the networking platform for businesses. We’re rewriting the rules of networking by creating genuine opportunities and encouraging meaningful relationships. That way, business owners can grow a network of trusted, authentic connections, without the sales pitches and small talk. What to expect Networking looks different here, thanks to quality events, smart introductions, and our authentic community of business owners. Whether you want to meet genuine people to do business with, or to connect with like-minded people for advice or support, we’ll help make it happen. Who we are Alignable was founded with a clear mission: to empower businesses by creating a vibrant, supportive, and interconnected business ecosystem across North America. We understand the challenges and opportunities that businesses face, and since 2014 our team has been dedicated to providing the tools and resources needed to overcome these challenges and succeed. What makes Alignable different from other social media platforms? Alignable is not your average social media. In fact, we don’t consider it one. Alignable is the only professional space where business owners can connect with other entrepreneurs at a local level. We have put policies in place to keep our members' conversations productive and professional- intentionally geared to drive value for our members. Say goodbye to spam and solicitation and say hello to Alignable! What are the benefits of being a premium member? Premium membership unlocks powerful resources for growing your network and business. Premium membership includes: Greater access to your ideal customers. List your services on Alignable’s Marketplace where thousands of local business owners go to find vendors and solutions. Receive reports showing who’s viewed your profile. Gain higher visibility on your posts across discussion groups and events. Access to your ideal referral partners. Receive monthly connection credits which allow you to introduce yourself to potential partners. Smart Connect technology will connect you with the types of businesses owners you prefer to meet Establish yourself as an expert. Lead local or topic related groups and discussions. Participate in educational events. Your contributions to discussions will be highlighted above non-premium members. What makes Alignable valuable for my business? The opportunities are endless! Alignable directly connects you with local business owners in a way that no other platform can. By using these connections, you can spark conversations and find value through the relationships you form. If networking isn’t all that you’re looking for, we have endless discussions and learning opportunities to fine tune your business. We help you stick to what you’re good at, while empowering you with resources and support to succeed at the rest. Sign Up Help Center About Us Learn Careers Business Tools Our Communities How to Build a Powerful Business Network Why Business Networking is Essential Advertise Business Networking News Find Networking Events What is Alignable? Join 9+ Million Members Join © Copyright 2025 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Cookie Policy © 2025