Breaking News, World News and Video from Al Jazeera Skip links Skip to Featured Content Skip to Content Feed Skip to Most Read Al Jazeera , link to home page play Live Sign up Show navigation menu Navigation menu News Show more news sections Africa Asia US & Canada Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East Explained Opinion Sport Video More Show more sections Features Economy Human Rights Climate Crisis Investigations Interactives In Pictures Science & Technology Podcasts Travel play Live Click here to search search Sign up Navigation menu caret-left Trending Tracking Israeli ceasefire violations Russia-Ukraine war Sudan war Donald Trump caret-right Featured Content ‘Ruthless’: Israeli ban on aid groups to have ‘horrific’ outcomes in Gaza blinking-dot Live updates Live updates, list 1 of 10 live-orange Published 13 minutes ago 13m ago Israeli forces start demolishing 100 homes in Nur Shams camp list 2 of 10 live-orange Published 19 minutes ago 19m ago Gaza death toll rises list 3 of 10 live-orange Published 28 minutes ago 28m ago Israel’s NGO ban intends to ‘disappear’ Palestinians, breaches international law list 4 of 10 live-orange Published 43 minutes ago 43m ago Israel deployed multi-tonne truck bombs in Gaza City: Report What being a woman in Gaza means in this genocidal war? Mothers starving to feed children, surgeries without anaesthesia and loss of privacy define female experience in Gaza. What being a woman in Gaza means in this genocidal war? Mothers starving to feed children, surgeries without anaesthesia and loss of privacy define female experience in Gaza. EXPLAINER How many countries has Trump bombed in 2025? EXPLAINER How many countries has Trump bombed in 2025? Leaked calls reveal plot by al-Assad regime officers to destabilise Syria EXPLAINER Which aid groups is Israel banning from Gaza now – and what will it mean? German thieves steal up to $105m in ‘Ocean’s Eleven’ heist: What we know Turkiye arrests 125 ISIL suspects in new raids that mark widening crackdown How Pakistan’s Asim Munir became Trump’s ‘favourite field marshal’ Saudi Arabia reveals details of Yemen bombing, as UAE set to withdraw Must Reads From the US to China, 2025 a blockbuster year for stock markets An A-Z list of 2025’s biggest stories After the floods of 2025, can we keep 2026 above water? More headlines Iran prosecutor pledges ‘decisive response’ if protests create insecurity War in Sudan: Humanitarian collapse, fighting, deadlock, December 2025 Huge crowds for Khaleda funeral as Bangladesh bids farewell to ex-leader Opinion As the world welcomes a new year, we, in Gaza, dread what it will bring quotes Opinion by Qasem Waleed Qasem Waleed Here is to a quarter century of US military havoc quotes Opinion by Belén Fernández Belén Fernández Watch Latest Videos Content Feed Featured EXPLAINER Bulgaria set to adopt the euro – why is this causing controversy? Some in the country are worried about loss of identity following the switch from the Bulgarian lev to the euro. Published On 31 Dec 2025 31 Dec 2025 EXPLAINER Trump bombs Venezuelan land for first time: Is war imminent? US president says strike in Venezuela targeted a dock allegedly used to load boats with narcotics. Published On 30 Dec 2025 30 Dec 2025 EXPLAINER Have Russian claims of Ukraine attack on Putin home ended hopes for peace? Ukrainian President Zelenskyy denies that Kyiv attacked the Novgorod residence of Russian President Putin. Published On 30 Dec 2025 30 Dec 2025 Khaleda Zia, Bangladesh’s first woman PM: A life of power and resistance The 79-year-old fought to restore democracy after military takeover in 1980s, but corruption claims tainted her legacy. Published On 30 Dec 2025 30 Dec 2025 LONG READ The Ukrainian man fighting Russian ‘lies’ with his front-line newspaper Once a week, Myroshnyk Vassyl Savych delivers much-needed news to remote, exposed villages on the Russian border. Published On 30 Dec 2025 30 Dec 2025 See full coverage Displacement camps swell with people fleeing Sudan’s war-ravaged el-Fasher Satellites show one camp spanning 500,000 square metres near the city of al-Dabba, as tens of thousands seek refuge. aj-logo aj-logo aj-logo Most popular Which countries will start using the euro in 2026? Saudi Arabia reveals details of Yemen bombing, as UAE set to withdraw ‘Ruthless’: Israeli ban on aid groups to have ‘horrific’ outcomes in Gaza How Pakistan’s Asim Munir became Trump’s ‘favourite field marshal’ Iran prosecutor pledges ‘decisive response’ if protests create insecurity Mali, Burkina Faso ban US citizens in response to Trump travel bans A Filipino tribe fights to stay as a ‘Smart City’ rises on a former US base Leaked calls reveal plot by al-Assad regime officers to destabilise Syria Khaleda Zia, Bangladesh’s first woman PM: A life of power and resistance Iran warns of ‘severe’ response in wake of Trump’s new strikes threat aj-logo Advertisement Your browser does not support the audio element. audio-rewind audio-previous audio-play audio-next audio-forward 0 audio-volume-mute close About About Show more About Us Code of Ethics Terms and Conditions EU/EEA Regulatory Notice Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences Accessibility Statement Sitemap Work for us Connect Connect Show more Contact Us User Accounts Help Advertise with us Stay Connected Newsletters Channel Finder TV Schedule Podcasts Submit a Tip Paid Partner Content Our Channels Our Channels Show more Al Jazeera Arabic Al Jazeera English Al Jazeera Investigative Unit Al Jazeera Mubasher Al Jazeera Documentary Al Jazeera Balkans AJ+ Our Network Our Network Show more Al Jazeera Centre for Studies Al Jazeera Media Institute Learn Arabic Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights Al Jazeera Forum Al Jazeera Hotel Partners Follow Al Jazeera English: facebook twitter youtube instagram-colored-outline rss © 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network