Home | What If Media Group Platform Intelligent Targeting Omnichannel Customer Activation Solution Customer Acquisition Political Advocacy Insights Blog Research Reports Press How We Do It Company About Us Team Company Culture What If Cares Upcoming Shows & Conferences Careers All Inbox Client Login Contact Us ⟶ Select Page It’s Not Rocket Science, It’s Data Science. What If you could partner with a performance marketing company you trust? With our secure, proprietary media and marketing channels, we drive consumer acquisition through a combination of AI, first-party data and insights to deliver you more new customers, faster, and at scale. Get Results Trusted by Brands You Know Complete Performance One Size Fits No One We build custom performance marketing campaigns to get you results. Customer acquisition is personal. We start each campaign by assessing your goals, and then we help you get there. By using a combination of proprietary media, first party data, and ARIA, our homegrown AI platform, we drive incredibly powerful experiences for consumers and results for your business. Consumer Ad Interactions / Month database Email List registrations / month OmniChannel What If multi-channel drove performance? We use a broad spectrum of proprietary marketing channels and data to identify new customers and drive performance. Your customers aren’t in one place, so why should your offers and ads be? Find Them INTELLIGENT TARGETING WHAT IF INTELLIGENCE DROVE RESPONSE? We don’t guess what consumers want. We know what they want. With over 1 billion ad interactions per month, ARIA , our proprietary AI platform, ingests infinite terabytes of self-reported, behavioral, and other data to deliver the right offers, to the right people, at the right time, and through the right channels and devices. Get Smart CUSTOMER ACTIVATION WHAT IF INTENT DROVE RESULTS? From opt-in email messages and phone calls, to push notifications and text messages, we precisely orchestrate and personalize every interaction at scale to create marketing campaigns that drive consumers to take the actions you want in order to achieve your critical business objectives. Drive Response Data Science Meet Aria Our Proprietary AI Platform Leveraging AI-driven lookalike modeling, content clustering and collaborative filtering, ARIA instantly analyzes consumer behavior to send the right offers to the right people at the right time — in the channels they use most — in order to drive trust, response, and results. Meet ARIA What If You Could Get These Results: GOAL Get customers to switch to Sprint from other competitors. RESULTS What If Media Group acquired TCPA consent to send opt-in SMS messages, which resulted in thousands of consumers making the high consideration decision to switch phone carriers and become new Sprint customers. GOAL Sign up a mass volume of new drivers, at or below aggressive CPA threshold. RESULTS Acquired tens of thousands of new drivers, 33% below CPA target, resulting in massive ROI. GOAL Build a mobile-first campaign to generate business leads for local insurance agents. RESULTS Campaign was ROAS positive within 1 month, resulting in millions of dollars worth of sales at a 100%+ margin within less than a year from launch. THE KIND OF COMPANY THAT ISN’T AFRAID TO ASK ‘WHAT IF?’ We deliver the most cost effective and highest performing marketing campaigns for our customers, but we’re more than that. We’re a company that thrives on service and collaboration. We attract top talent and have created a culture of respect and trust, which translates into the best possible business outcomes for the partners we work with. Learn More INSIGHTS Check out our latest news, articles and events. More Insights What If Media Group Named One of The Americas’ Fastest-Growing Companies 2025 by The Financial Times FORT LEE, NJ  — What If Media Group, an award-winning performance marketing company, has once again been recognized by the Financial Times as one of... Boosting Precision: WIMG’s Machine Learning Evolution with Neo4j What if smarter data could deliver dramatically lower ad costs? At What If Media Group, it just did—with a 33% drop in spend, thanks to graph... Modernizing AdTech with Real-Time Data: What If Media Group’s Kafka Evolution We pride ourselves on pushing the boundaries of what’s possible in AdTech at What If Media Group. Whether it’s accelerating product development,... What Can We Help You Achieve? Let us show you how leveraging our proprietary media, AI, data science and our highly custom campaigns are redefining performance marketing and generating outstanding customer acquisition for brands. Let's Connect What's Up With What If Media Group (SIGN UP FOR OUR EMAIL LIST) Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow PLATFORM Intelligent Targeting Omnichannel Customer Activation SOLUTIONS Customer Acquisition INSIGHTS Blog News Research Reports COMPANY About Us Team Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy Careers Press Contact Us INC 5000 - 2024 • 2023 • 2022 • 2021 • 2020 • 2019 • 2018 • 2017 FT THE AMERICAS' FASTEST-GROWING COMPANIES 2025 • 2024 • 2021 CRAINS’S FAST 50 - 2020 • 2019 • 2018 © 2024 What If Media Group. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy - Terms & Conditions - Accessibility Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset