All About Jazz Music, Musicians, Bands & Albums Essential Links About Get App Advertise Album Reviews Articles Born Today Musicians News Photos Radio & Podcasts Similar Artists Song of the Day Videos + More... EXPLORE SEARCH GO Advanced Search Jazz Near You Sign In Up Donate Celebrating jazz twenty-four seven Featured ¡Viva la resistencia! Cafe Central, Madrid By Leo Sidran | Profile December 26, 2025 The old saying "wherever you go, there you are" is one of those deceptively simple adages that never lets you down. And yet, the longer I've lived with it, the more I've come to believe that there are certain times and places when a person is just a little more where they are. Featured Ralph "Bigfoot" Hamilton: The Lost Legend Behind Two Guitar Pioneers By Kyle Simpler | Groove Orbit December 26, 2025 Nowadays, every move we make is recorded in some way, and wherever a person goes, whatever they do or say is often captured. Of course, this has not always been the case, and in fact, many details concerning historical events frequently rely on... Featured Vince Guaraldi’s Christmas Sauce: Adding Spice to Charlie Brown Vanilla By Arthur R George | History of Jazz December 21, 2025 It's not simply that pianist Vince Guaraldi slipped jazz past the unsuspecting in composing A Charlie Brown Christmas , the evergreen "Peanuts" animation and soundtrack that has become inescapably part of the holiday. Featured Have A Holly, Jazzy Christmas By Kurt Ellenberger | Jazz in Long Form December 21, 2025 In my music history classes, particularly in November and December, students have 
often asked me about the relationship between jazz and Christmas: "Why are so many 
popular Christmas songs so jazzy?" It is a good question—indeed, many of the most 
popular secular Christmas music does have a jazz flavor, while a few are actually jazz. Featured The Ten Best  Jazz Christmas Albums Of All Time By Peter J. Hoetjes | Top Ten List December 20, 2025 As temperatures drop and days grow short, Winter is once again upon us. For those looking to listen to the sounds of the season without resorting to December's relentless slew of glossy, generic cash-grabs, jazz can be a breath of fresh, wintry air. Today Book Review The Philosophy Of Jazz by Ian Patterson Year in Review Carl Medsker's Best Jazz Albums Of 2025 by Carl Medsker Year in Review Maurizio Zerbo's Favorite Jazz Albums of 2025 by Maurizio Zerbo Song of the Day Subdivide and Conquer by Nick Freer Born Today Jonah Jones December 31 Album Reviews Dark Days Noah Preminger Together Ray Barretto It's All in Your Head Julius Gawlik Prove You're Not a Robot Alex Skolnick Trio Articles Live Review In the Mood for Love (Songs): The Red Pavilion Jazz Band at... by Tamara Yadao Year in Review Ben Boddie On Jazz 2025 by Benjamin Boddie Profile ¡Viva la resistencia! Cafe Central, Madrid by Leo Sidran Groove Orbit Ralph "Bigfoot" Hamilton: The Lost Legend Behind Two Guitar... by Kyle Simpler Radio & Podcasts NORTH STAR SOUNDS Charles Tolliver's Music Inc., Late 60's/mid 70's... with Jon Greenbaum MONDO JAZZ Bill Ware, The Jazz Passengers, Csaba Palotai, Rosa... with Ludovico Granvassu ONE MAN'S JAZZ Thomas Strønen, Gard Nillsen, Things Of This Nature... with Maurice Hogue A BROAD SPECTRUM Holiday Music By Nicole Zuraitis, Darius de Haas,... with Mary Foster Conklin Tune in daily to hear the internet's top jazz programs including Mondo Jazz, Jazz Bastard, The Tonearm, Liner Notes, World of Jazz, Allston Boylston, One Man's Jazz, The Outer View, Neon Jazz, A Broad Spectrum, Bitches Brew and more. View our program schedule and check this week's JazzWeek Radio Chart . Program Guide: A Broad Spectrum Allston Boylston Backstage Bay Area Ben Boddie On Jazz Bitches Brew Caminhos Do Jazz Exploration Injazz Jazz Bastard Jazz Connections Jazz Crumbs Jazz First Jazz Odyssey Jazz On The Tyne Liner Notes Mondo Jazz Neon Jazz North Star Sounds One Man's Jazz Situation Fluxus Strictly Jazz Sounds Talk About Jazz The First Instrument Jazz Show The Jazz Disturbance The Outer View The Third Story The Tonearm World of Jazz Go Engage Publisher's Desk Cool Yule Read on ... All Blog Posts | Latest Newsletter Contest Giveaways One sec... We'll be back with another contest giveaway soon. Contest Guidelines Surveys & Polls Have You Used Bandcamp's Listening Party Service? All Surveys | All Polls Musicians Jennifer Roberts vocals //// bc Joel Miller saxophone //// bc Cassio Vianna composer / conductor //// bc Eric Roberts guitar //// bc Get featured—learn how here News Website All About Jazz & Jazz Near You Improvements: 2025 All About Jazz Performance / Tour Gio Guido Announces Live Composition Project For Upcoming Solo Guitar Album Gio Guido Recording The Beatroot Road Champion Post-genre Music, Unite Artists From Across The Globe On 'Humanimal' Independent Music Promotions Recording Elizabeth Naccarato Creates Musical Alchemy On Powerful 'Salonnières' Album Independent Music Promotions Recording Benjamin Dean Wilson Releases Cinematic Musical 'Until The House Falls' Independent Music Promotions Performance / Tour Charisa The Violin Diva In First Sunday Blues And Blessings At Mt Zion Ame Millburn NJ on January 4 Gregory Burrus Festival The 2nd Annual Bradley Beach Jazz Festival 2026 Announces Five Days Of World‑class Music Across The... Gregory Burrus Performance / Tour Announcing February 2026 Line-up At Smoke Jazz Club Including Joe Lovano, Miguel Zenón, Theo Croker... AMT Public Relations Born Today Jonah Jones December 31 Also born on this day Lewis Nash December 30 Also born on this day Danilo Pérez December 29 Also born on this day Earl Hines December 28 Also born on this day Discover who was born today or view our Birthday Calendar page . If you're a musician, add your birth month and day along with your photo to your musician page, and we'll include you too. Join the celebration and embed Jazz Birthday content on your website or blog. Learn more . Song of the Day Subdivide and Conquer Nick Freer Patchouli Dré Matsumoto Sydney Jazz Toby Wren Red Tara Dan Blake Get more of a good thing! Our weekly newsletter highlights our top stories, our special offers, and upcoming jazz events near you. SIGN ME UP! Connect About Welcome Our
                                Staff Join
                                Us More Access Get Apps Newsletter Content Plug-Ins RSS Feeds For Musicians Get Reviewed Primer Toolkit Dashboard Advertise The Platform Advertising
								Tips Rates and Options Place Order 2025 All About Jazz . All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Install All About Jazz iOS Instructions: To install this app, follow these steps: Tap the share button (the square icon with the up arrow) in the tab bar below. Scroll down and tap Add to Home Screen . Close All About Jazz would like to send you
            notifications Notifications include timely alerts to content of interest, such as articles, reviews, new features, and
            more. These can be configured in Settings. Accept Close × Join Our Community or Welcome Back! Member? Sign in Sign Up Email address Password Forgot it? Reset it . Click the eye icon to show your password. Sign in Email address Reset Password Now × One moment, you will be redirected shortly. × Welcome to All About Jazz! We sent a confirmation message to . Look for it, then click the link to activate your account. If you don’t see the email in your inbox, check your spam, bulk or promotions folder. Thanks for joining the All About Jazz community! × Explore All About Jazz & Jazz Near You Home Jazz Albums Album Reviews Articles Jazz Musicians Jazz News Contest Giveaways Jazz Pictures Polls Radio & Podcasts Song of the Day Video of the Day Home About Concerts Livestreams Venue / Clubs Directory Venue Finder Musician Finder Teacher Finder Events By City Weekly Newsletter Welcome! Getting Started Advertise Search Staff Help Wanted FAQ Contact Us Our weekly newsletter highlights our top stories and includes a local jazz events calendar. SIGN ME UP! × × Notification