KnowledgeWorks Global Ltd | Home Skip to content Toggle Navigation Solutions Scholarly Associations Peer Review Workflows Consulting Services Research Integrity and Image Forensics Association and Meeting Management See All Commercial STM Publishers Smart Review High-Speed Copyediting Production See All Educational Publishers K-12 Higher Education Accessibility Education Bridge See All Content Providers of All Types Book Solutions Magazines Design & Media See All Workforce Learning Digital Transformation​ Skill Enhancement​ Learning Immersion​ See All Safeguard Research Integrity Learn More Smart Publish with KGL Learn More Meet Your DEI Goals Learn More Create Born-Accessible Content Learn More Engage Learners with Immersive Experiences Learn More Scholarly Associations Commercial STM Publishers Educational Publishers Content Providers of All Types Technology Smart Publish Smart Review™ PubFactory Artificial Intelligence Accessibility Image Forensics Author Billing eLearning Resources Resources Blogs Case Studies Events In the News Reports & Sheets Customer Support View All Resources Latest in Our Blog Upheaval, Integrity, and the Human-AI Balance: Collective Reflections from the 2025 STM Innovator Fair Read More Expanding Journal Reach with Social Media, Email and Webinars Learn More STM Innovation and Integrity Days December 9–10, 2025 London Meet Us Latest News Dr. Hong Zhou Joins KGL as Vice President, Product Management Learn More Editorial Management Systems Benefits of performing focused editorial audits to ensure optimized workflows, system configurations, and system evaluation and selection Download Report Digital Art Support Learn More Latest in Our Blog Building Resilient Publishing Programs: a Conversation with Three Society Publishers Read More How We Helped AMS Drive eBook Collection Sales Through Targeted Telemarketing Learn More London Book Fair March 10–12, 2026 London Learn More Latest News ARVO Selects KGL PubFactory for Journal Hosting and Publishing Platform Learn More Librarian Survey Report 2025 Insights on how librarians are negotiating agreements, advising researchers, and managing budgets that now increasingly include OA options. Learn More Meridian Online Support Learn More Blogs Case Studies Events In the News Reports & Sheets Customer Support About About KGL Careers Sheridan Print Search for: Contact Us Contact Us KnowledgeWorks Global Ltd | Home admin 2025-05-22T15:54:42+00:00 Discover. Drive. Deliver. KnowledgeWorks Global Ltd. supports every stage of the content life cycle. Whether you publish books, journals, magazines, catalogs, directories, or eLearning courses, we set the standard for turning information into knowledge. Learn More Content Solutions, Reimagined Future-Proof Your Society Discover expert professional and management services for scholarly publishers and associations to continue thriving in a changing world. Learn More Scale Your Commercial Enterprise Unburden staff and automate routine publishing operations to better serve your stakeholders and remain competitive in an evolving market. Learn More Empower Educators with Authority Develop advanced preK-12, higher ed, and adult learning solutions with an industry-leading team of seasoned instructional and eLearning specialists. Learn More Bring All Kinds of Information to Life Deliver print and digital trade publications, books, magazines, catalogs, and directories to your customers and readers with full-service, born-accessible workflows. Learn More Transform Potential into Performance Train your teams and increase your organization’s productivity with custom learning solutions and immersive experiences for the modern workforce.​ Learn More Events 10 Mar 2026 to 12 Mar 2026 London Book Fair 2026 KGL and Sheridan are are excited to reconnect with you at #LBF26. Schedule a meeting and discover transformative solutions for every stage of the publishing life cycle. Read More 9 Dec 2025 to 10 Dec 2025 STM Innovation & Integrity Days 2025 Join KGL’s Adrian Stanley and Marion Morrow at STM Innovation & Integrity Days 2025 in London to explore smarter peer review, research integrity, and the future of scholarly publishing. Read More 19 Nov 2025 to 20 Nov 2025 CSE Fall Virtual Symposium KGL is proud to be a Gold Sponsor of the CSE Fall Virtual Symposium from November 19 and 20,. Read More View More Latest Insights 23 Dec 2025 Ninushka Dcunha to KGL Accucoms End-of-Year Round-Up 2025: Insights from our Regional Teams As 2025 comes to a close, the KGL Accucoms teams from around the world have reflected on the major trends, challenges, and opportunities shaping conversations with libraries and publishers this year. Read More 17 Dec 2025 Mike Groth to Upheaval, Integrity, and the Human-AI Balance: Collective Reflections from the 2025 STM Innovator Fair Integrity is no longer a downstream activity. It is becoming an upstream expectation that requires coordinated people, workflows, and technology working in concert. Read More 11 Dec 2025 Ninushka Dcunha to Building Resilient Publishing Programs: a Conversation with Three Society Publishers At this year’s ALPSP Conference, KGL’s Director of Consulting, Kevin Lomangino, chaired a candid discussion with three society publishing leaders, each of whom shared what they’ve tried, what they’ve learned, and how they are working to build more resilient and responsive journal programs for the future. Read More View More Smart Publish ® Intelligent Automation For Publishers, Evolved The next evolution in intelligent automation for publishers can take manuscripts from acceptance to author proofs in 24 hours, with online publishing in less than a week. Learn More A flexible, configurable, and scalable hosting platform delivering journals, books, databases, and videos along with powerful publishing and analytics tools. Learn More KGL PubFactory More Attention. Better Service. Elevate Your Platform. KGL Accucoms Our local teams Your global strength The leading provider of sales and marketing services to academic and professional publishers worldwide. Learn More what our Customers say about us Loading... Will Mars Vice President, Tire Society We love our new logo. We work hard behind the scenes to make the Tire Society stronger every year, but members don’t always see that right away. The new logo expresses our core identity and immediately communicates that we are staying fresh. Industry Involvement Certifications Accessible Vendor Benetech Certified ISO 9001:2015  Quality Management ISO 27001:2013  Data Security SA8000 Social Accountability Subscribe to Newsletter × Subscribe To Our Newsletter Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates First Name Last Name Email Subscribe Solutions Commercial STM Publishers Scholarly Associations Educational Publishers Trade, Magazines, Catalogs & Directories Workforce Learning Technology Smart Publish PubFactory Artificial Intelligence Research Integrity & Image Forensics Accessibility About Events Blog Resources Careers Search Contact Headquarters 301 Concourse Blvd., Suite 210 Glen Allen, VA 23059 USA Contact Us © 2025 KnowledgeWorks Global Ltd . All Rights Reserved. CJK Group GDPR Privacy Policy Sustainability Supplier Code of Conduct Federal Transparency in Coverage Rule Page load link Go to Top