Real Estate & Properties for Sale | Allhomes Domain Media Logo Domain Commercial Real Estate Buy Rent Sold New Homes Commercial Sell Find agents Research News Happy holidays, Canberra Browse ACT Browse listings in NSW VIC QLD TAS SA NT WA Buy Property of the Week By Negotiation 154 Woodgrove Close, Wallaroo NSW 2618 9 Bedrooms 8 Bathrooms 20 Parking Property of the Week $4,900,000+ 31 Tasmania Circle, Forrest ACT 2603 4 Bedrooms 4 Bathrooms 2 Parking Suburb profiles and past sales Looking for suburb profiles and past sales information? Explore suburb profiles North Canberra View district profile Median house price $1,297,500 Median unit price $594,999 Gungahlin View district profile Median house price $970,000 Median unit price $608,000 South Canberra View district profile Median house price $1,900,000 Median unit price $683,750 Property news & advice Canberra advice Historic Good Hope Resort near Yass listed for sale for the first time in more than a century The 56-hectare holding offers sweeping water frontage and development upside. Prime industrial blocks on offer in Queanbeyan's newest commercial gateway The remaining blocks range from about 5000 square metres to 12,500 square metres. This bespoke Lyons residence is head and shoulders above the rest The property boasts high-end finishes and open, light-filled spaces. Pass or fail? Property expert Amy Lunardi rates her home renovating decisions As a busy buyer’s advocate, Amy Lunardi has inspected her fair share of houses. She has also renovated three of her own and has learned a lot about what works and what doesn’t. Thinking of making your commercial investment residential? Here's what to consider It depends on the building itself, but there are some key factors experts suggest weighing up. How to spot a bad floor plan Perfectly staged homes look appealing, but some disguise a fault than can be hard to fix. Dream homes Pearce , ACT 4 4 8 View property Mawson , ACT 4 3 2 View property Allhomes introduces the 'Build-to-Rent' category Build-to-Rent properties may offer a more stable lease than other rentals because they are not intended to be individually sold. They may also come with great amenities and services, making them a turn-key opportunity, whilst giving tenants more housing choices. See 1 Build-to-Rent development We're even better on mobile We love seeing you here, but we can show you an even better time on your mobile. Download the app for a better experience, with more mobile-only features. Contact Help About Careers Mobile List to Rent List to Share Advertise with us States ACT NSW Northern Territory Queensland South Australia Tasmania Victoria Western Australia Capital Cities Canberra real estate Sydney real estate Darwin real estate Brisbane real estate Adelaide real estate Hobart real estate Melbourne real estate Perth real estate Capital Cities - Rentals Canberra rental properties Sydney rental properties Darwin rental properties Brisbane rental properties Adelaide rental properties Hobart rental properties Melbourne rental properties Perth rental properties Popular Areas Kingston, ACT Belconnen, ACT Harrison, ACT Deakin, ACT Kambah, ACT Yarralumla, ACT O'Connor, ACT Kaleen, ACT Allhomes Past Sales Data New Homes Find an Agent Digital Editions More Agency Registration Community Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Tracking and Targeting Sitemap Commercial © 2026 , CoStar Group Inc. Allhomes acknowledges the Ngunnawal people, traditional custodians of the lands where Allhomes is situated. We wish to acknowledge and respect their continuing culture and the contribution they make to the life of Canberra and the region. We also acknowledge all other First Nations Peoples on whose lands we work. "With open hearts and minds, together we grow." artwork by David Williams of Gilimbaa .