AllMovie | Movies and Films Database | Movie Search, Ratings, Photos, Recommendations, and Reviews AllMovie relies heavily on JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to use the site fully. AllMovie New Releases In Theaters New to Stream Discover Genres › Themes › Collections › Action-Adventure Comedy Drama Comedy Horror Thriller Drama Science Fiction Romance Documentary Fantasy Children's Crime Western Mystery-Suspense All Genres Back To School King Arthur Alfred Hitchcock Summer Love Movies Universal Monsters Disney-Pixar Animations John Grisham The Muppets The Studio Ghibli Christmas Baseball Batman Dreamworks Animation National Lampoon All Collections Coming of Age/Teen Mind-Bending Supernatural/Monsters Justice Cult Violent Literary Art/Music True Stories Myths/Legends/Magic LGBTQ Martial Arts Comics/Heroes Space/Aliens All Themes Articles Features Reviews Lists Watch Online News All Posts Recommendations Advanced Search Featured Director The Films of James Cameron Get ready to travel back to the floating islands of Pandora by revisiting James Cameron's filmography including the blockbusters The Terminator, Aliens, The Abyss, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, True Lies, and of course Titanic  and Avatar. Get ready to travel back to the floating islands of Pandora by revisiting James Cameron's filmography including the blockbusters The Terminator, Aliens, The Abyss, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, True Lies, and of course Titanic  and Avatar. Collections The Wizard of Oz Collection Get ready for the onslaught of Wicked for Good by revisiting the movies in our Wizard of Oz collection. Put on the original 1939 classic, or return to the 1985 sequel featuring Fairuza Balk. Alternately, you can explore the poppy field fever dreams of 20th Century Oz, The Wiz, and the stylized Sam Raimi interpretation Oz the Great and Powerful. Follow your own yellow brick road. Get ready for the onslaught of Wicked for Good by revisiting the movies in our Wizard of Oz collection. Put on the original 1939 classic, or return to the 1985 sequel featuring Fairuza Balk. Alternately, you can explore the poppy field fever dreams of 20th Century Oz, The Wiz, and the stylized Sam Raimi interpretation Oz the Great and Powerful. Follow your own yellow brick road. In Memoriam Diane Keaton, 1946-2025 A celebrated and beloved actor whose career spanned decades and will be remembered for her roles in The Godfather, Annie Hall, Marvin's Room, Baby Boom, Something's Got to Give, and dozens of others. A celebrated and beloved actor whose career spanned decades and will be remembered for her roles in The Godfather, Annie Hall, Marvin's Room, Baby Boom, Something's Got to Give, and dozens of others. Feature A Fine Line Between Stupid and Clever: The Origins of Spinal Tap Back in the '80s, before the internet, Spinal Tap fans could only speculate at the real-life inspirations for the many unforgettable scenes and set pieces in the film. Now, at last, we can reveal the truth. Here are the stories behind some of the finest moments in Spinal Tap. Back in the '80s, before the internet, Spinal Tap fans could only speculate at the real-life inspirations for the many unforgettable scenes and set pieces in the film. Now, at last, we can reveal the truth. Here are the stories behind some of the finest moments in Spinal Tap. An Evolving AllMovie If you are an avid user of AllMovie, you may have noticed some recent changes to the site (or as Bill and Ted would say, "Strange things are afoot at the Circle K"). We've moved to a different data provider and some of the features and functions on the site are evolving. If you are an avid user of AllMovie, you may have noticed some recent changes to the site (or as Bill and Ted would say, "Strange things are afoot at the Circle K"). We've moved to a different data provider and some of the features and functions on the site are evolving. Become a Subscriber to Support AllMovie & Remove Ads Consider supporting AllMovie and improving your browsing experience by becoming a subscriber. Consider supporting AllMovie and improving your browsing experience by becoming a subscriber. Previous slide Next slide New and Upcoming All
                            Movies in Theaters Avatar: Fire and Ash James Cameron Release Date - Dec 12, 2025 Zootopia 2 Byron Howard / Jared Bush Release Date - Nov 26, 2025 Anaconda Tom Gormican Release Date - Dec 25, 2025 Greenland 2: Migration Ric Roman Waugh Release Date - Jan 9, 2026 Marty Supreme Josh Safdie Release Date - Dec 19, 2025 28 Years Later: The Bone Temple Nia DaCosta Release Date - Jan 16, 2026 Five Nights at Freddy's 2 Emma Tammi Release Date - Dec 5, 2025 Wicked: For Good Jon M. Chu Release Date - Nov 21, 2025 Now Playing in
                                        Theaters Near You Check out the latest movies now playing in theaters on AllMovie. Browse showtimes of
                                    theaters near
                                    you and buy movie tickets. « Previous Next » In Memoriam Brigitte Bardot, 1934-2025 Famous for portraying sexually emancipated personae with hedonistic lifestyles, Bardot was one of the best known sex symbols of the 1950s and 1960s. Working frequently with one-time husband Roger Vadim, Bardot was the face of such films as ...And God Created Woman, Contempt, The Truth, and A Very Private Affair. Box Office Avatar: Fire and Ash $64.0 million Zootopia 2 $20.0 million Marty Supreme $15.6 million The Housemaid $15.4 million Anaconda $14.6 million David $12.7 million The SpongeBob Movie: Search for SquarePants $11.2 million Song Sung Blue $7.6 million Wicked: For Good $5.3 million Five Nights at Freddy's 2 $4.4 million New To Stream All New Streaming Movies Ash 2025 Barron's Cove 2025 Grand Prix of Europe 2025 Staff Pick of the Day Cold Mountain Directed by Anthony Minghella - Rated R - 154 Minutes - 2003 Cold Mountain is a 2003 epic period war drama film written and directed by Anthony Minghella. The film is based on the bestselling 1997 novel by Charles Frazier. The film tells the story of a wounded deserter from the Confederate army close to the end of the American Civil War, who journeys home to reunite with the woman he loves. Advanced Movie Search All Filters Genres & Subgenres Decade Released Select an option 2010s 2000s 1990s 1980s 1970s 1960s 1950s 1940s 1930s 1920s pre-1920s AllMovie Rating Select an option 5 Stars 4½ Stars 4 Stars 3½ Stars 3 Stars 2½ Stars 2 Stars 1½ Stars 1 Star Movie Themes AllMusic | SideReel | Celebified About | FAQ | Copyright Policy | Advertise | Privacy Notice | Terms of Service | Remove Ads ©2025 AllMovie, Netaktion LLC | All Rights Reserved