Alpaca - Developer-first API for Stock, Options, Crypto Trading Want to trade using AI? We launched Alpaca's MCP Server to help you trade with natural language. Learn more Want to trade using AI? We launched Alpaca's MCP Server to help you trade with natural language. Learn more × Alpaca http://alpaca.markets/ Products Broker API Overview End-to-end brokerage platform Resources Webinars, eBooks, and guides Broker API Reference Code snippets, use cases, and more Trading API Overview Execute your trading algorithms TradingView Best-in-class charting and trading platform Market Data Real-time stock market and crypto data Business Account Optimized access to Alpaca products Elite Low-cost, advanced algorithmic trading MCP Server Execute trades powered by AI insights Trading API Reference Code snippets, stories, and more Connect Overview Connect your app with live trading QuantConnect End-to-End Quant Trading Platform Asset Classes US Stocks & ETFs Options Cryptocurrency Platform Industry best cyber security practices Use Cases Fintech Startups Digital Wallets Broker-Dealers Hedge Funds & Prop Firms Algorithmic Traders Robo Advisors Tokenization Platforms Crypto Exchanges Your New Project Developers Tools & Resources Full API Reference Getting Started SDKs and Tools Alpaca-Py Broker API Resources Learn API Status Community Slack Forum Github Enablement Partners Resources About About Alpaca We're Hiring Blog Support Frequently Asked Questions API Status Learn Broker API Resources Community Forum Community Slack Contact Us Speak to Sales Login and Signup Login Trading API Broker API Sign Up Trading API Broker API Navigation Button API for Stock, Options, and Crypto Trading Alpaca's easy to use APIs allow developers and businesses to trade algorithms,
              build apps and embed investing into their services. Trade with algorithms, connect with apps, and build services with
              our easy to use APIs. Sign up for Free A Unified Platform All-Inclusive suite for investing, brokerage, custody and
              post-trade processing. Trading Integrations Brokerage Infrastructure Community Start Trading Start
              Building Proven Leader in Fintech 2025 2025 Fintech 100 List 2024 Best Broker for Sophisticated Traders 2024 Best API 2023 Best API Solution 2023 Top Private Companies List 2022 Best Automated Trading Software 2022 Top Companies List 2022 Fintech 250 List Simple Modern API Leverage our highly flexible suite of Broker APIs, helping you
              build end-to-end embedded trading and
              investing products. Commission Free API Building with the Alpaca API can make stock trading
                    commission-free OAuth Integration Exposing your API info is tired—use OAuth to keep your key
                    private Alpaca Securities Alpaca Securities LLC is a member of FINRA and SIPC Margin and Short Selling A wide array of advanced investing and trading strategies
                    are supported Testing Environment We've got your back—test your work before deploying to
                    production Inclusive API SDKs are available in Python, .NET/C#, Go, Node, and
                    more ! Commissions Disclosure Try API Alpaca Securities Alpaca Securities LLC is a member of Financial Industry
              Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). You can check
              the background of Alpaca Securities on FINRA's BrokerCheck. Alpaca
              Securities is also a member of SIPC -
              securities in your account are protected up to $500,000. For
              details, please visit www.sipc.org . Alpaca is Backed By Latest Product Launches Funding Wallets for Broker API Allow your end-users to deposit and withdraw funds in their local
      currency using local rails for faster
      settlement. Furthermore, each of your end-users will receive a unique
      funding wallet number, ensuring precise
      allocation to brokerage accounts. Documentation Read Blog Commission-free Options Trading Trade multi-leg options for US-listed equities and ETFs. Fill orders, monitor your trading history, and access additional features. Now available to everyone on Trading API. Documentation Learn More Local Currency Trading API For App Localization Alpaca's Local Currency Trading API allows your customers to see
      the value of stock prices, trades,
      performance, and statements in their local currencies. Documentation Read Blog Left Right We chose to partner with Alpaca for many reasons. Still, we
        want to highlight Alpaca's ability to
        differentiate as an API-first company and provide an unparalleled
        brokerage as a service to InvestSky. We
        appreciate the support we get from all Alpaca teams ranging from Sales
        to Customer Success. We also really
        appreciate how supportive Alpaca's leadership is towards partners." - Turki Alshaikh, Co-Founder of Investsky ! Testimonials Disclosure Alpaca has been a great business partner. One of the reasons
        we chose Alpaca is due to their Local
        Currency Trading API. We believe this offering will simplify the trading
        experience for Japanese investors by
        providing access to US stocks in local currency without having to
        convert to the US dollar at any point." - Brian Yun, Co-Founder at Woodstock ! Testimonials Disclosure Alpaca's Broker API has everything needed to build a
        full-fledged trading application out of the box.
        Building our backend infrastructure on top of Broker API was easier than
        expected, given their extensive
        documentation, ready-to-test sandbox environment, and professional
        support." - Abdulrahman Al Kharafi, CEO of Zad App & Head of Fintech Securities House ! Testimonials Disclosure Before Alpaca, companies like ours would likely have undergone
        the grueling, complex process to become a
        broker themselves, taking up a significant amount of time, dev
        resources, and legal resources. Alpaca is one of
        the most important companies in our stack, and has made it significantly
        easier for companies to bring their
        product to market." - Som Mohapatra, CIO and Co-founder at Quantbase ! Testimonials Disclosure Alpaca has been a great business partner. The Broker API team
        has been highly responsive and
        professional throughout our integration and launching journey. They have
        helped us significantly in decreasing
        time-to-market by having a well-documented process." - Saleeh Alaqeel, Cofounder and COO at Abyan Capital ! Testimonials Disclosure The testimonials, statements, and opinions presented on the
              website are
              applicable to the specific individuals. It is important to note
              that individual
              circumstances may vary, and may not be representative of the
              experience of others.
              There are no guarantees of future performance or success.
              The testimonials are voluntarily provided and are not paid,
              nor were they provided with free products, services or any other
              benefit
              in exchange for said statements. Developers Trading API Docs Broker API Docs Market Data API Docs OAuth Docs Slack Forum Support Learn SDKs & Libraries GitHub API Status Security About Us Story Blog Contact We're hiring Disclosures Disclosure Library Form CRS Form CRS Responses to Conversation Starters Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions X / Twitter LinkedIn GitHub Slack Alpaca http://alpaca.markets/ © 2025 Alpaca Securities LLC All rights reserved. © 2025 Alpaca Crypto LLC All rights reserved. © 2025 AlpacaDB, Inc. All rights reserved. Securities brokerage services are provided by Alpaca Securities LLC
        ("Alpaca Securities"), member FINRA / SIPC , a wholly-owned subsidiary
        of AlpacaDB, Inc.
        Technology and services are offered by AlpacaDB, Inc. Options trading is not suitable for all investors due to its inherent
        high risk,
        which can potentially result in significant losses.
        Please read Characteristics and Risks of
          Standardized Options before investing in options. Cryptocurrency services are made available by Alpaca Crypto LLC
        ("Alpaca Crypto"), a FinCEN registered money services business (NMLS #
        2160858), and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Alpaca Crypto
        is not a member of SIPC or FINRA. Cryptocurrencies are not stocks and
        your cryptocurrency investments are not protected by either FDIC or
        SIPC. Cryptocurrency is highly speculative in nature, involves a high degree
        of risks, such as volatile market price swings, market manipulation,
        flash crashes, and cybersecurity risks. Cryptocurrency regulations are
        continuously evolving, and it is your responsibility to understand and
        abide by them. Cryptocurrency trading can lead to large, immediate and
        permanent loss of financial value. You should have appropriate knowledge
        and experience before engaging in cryptocurrency trading. For additional
        information, please click here . Disclosures Brokerage services are provided by Alpaca Securities,
          member FINRA / SIPC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of
          AlpacaDB, Inc. Technology and services are offered by AlpacaDB, Inc. Brokerage services are provided to customers who can write
          automated
          investment code and self-direct their own investments.
          Alpaca
          brokerage services are only provided to customers who agree
          to
          electronically sign agreements and agree to receive
          messages,
          confirmations, and statements electronically. Is Alpaca
            right for me? This is not an offer, solicitation of an offer, or advice to
          buy or
          sell securities or cryptocurrencies, or open a brokerage
          account or
          cryptocurrency account in any jurisdiction where
          Alpaca Securities or Alpaca Crypto respectively, are not
          registered or licensed, as applicable. The Paper Trading API is offered by AlpacaDB, Inc. and does
          not
          require real money or permit a user to transact in real
          securities
          in the market. Providing use of the Paper Trading API is not
          an
          offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, securities
          derivative or futures products of any kind, or any type of
          trading
          or investment advice, recommendation or strategy, given or
          in any
          manner endorsed by AlpacaDB, Inc. or any AlpacaDB, Inc.
          affiliate
          and the information made available through the Paper Trading
          API is
          not an offer or solicitation of any kind in any jurisdiction
          where
          AlpacaDB, Inc. or any AlpacaDB, Inc. affiliate
          (collectively, "Alpaca") is not authorized to
          do business. You should know that the use or granting of any third party
          access
          to your account information or place transactions in your
          account at
          your direction is solely at your risk. Alpaca does not
          warrant
          against loss of use or any direct, indirect or consequential
          damages
          or losses to you caused by your assent, expressed or
          implied, to a
          third party accessing your account or information, including
          access
          provided through any other third party apps, systems, or
          sites. Market prices, data and other information available through
          Alpaca
          are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are
          subject to
          change without notice. System response and account access times may vary due to
            a
            variety of factors, including trading volumes, market
            conditions,
            system performance, and other factors. A more complete description of the impact these factors may
          have can
          be found in our risks of
            automated trading systems section . All investments involve risk and the past performance of a
          security,
          or financial product does not guarantee future results or
          returns.
          Keep in mind that while diversification may help spread risk
          it does
          not assure a profit, or protect against loss, in a down
          market.
          There is always the potential of losing money when you
          invest in
          securities, or other financial products. Investors should
          consider
          their investment objectives and risks carefully before
          investing. There are risks unique to automated trading algorithms that
          you
          should know about and plan for. You should setup a method or
          system
          of continuous monitoring or alerting to let you know if
          there is a
          mechanical failure, such as connectivity issues, power loss,
          a
          computer crash, or system quirk. You should also monitor for
          instances where your automated trading system experiences
          anomalies
          that could result in errant, missing, or duplicated orders.
          A more
          complete description of these and other risks can be found
          in our FAQ section. Conditional orders may have increased risk as a result of
          their
          reliance on trigger processing, market data, and other
          internal and
          external systems. Such orders are not sent to the market
          until
          specified conditions are met. During that time, issues such
          as
          system outages with downstream technologies or third parties
          may
          occur. Conditional orders triggering near the market close
          may fail
          to execute that day. Furthermore, our executing partner may
          impose
          controls on conditional orders to limit erroneous trades
          triggering
          downstream orders. Alpaca Securities may not always be made
          aware of
          such changes to external controls immediately, which may
          lead to
          some conditional orders not being executed. As such, it is
          important
          to monitor conditional orders for reasonability. Conditional
          orders
          are “Not Held” orders whose execution instructions are on a
          best
          efforts basis upon being triggered. Furthermore, conditional
          orders
          may be subject to the increased risks of stop orders and
          market
          orders outlined above. Given the increased potential risk of
          using
          conditional orders, the client agrees that Alpaca Securities
          cannot
          be held responsible for losses, damages, or missed
          opportunity costs
          associated with market data problems, systems issues, and
          user
          error, among other factors. By using conditional orders the
          client
          understands and accepts the risks outlined above. Alpaca
          Securities
          encourages leveraging the use of Paper accounts to become
          more
          comfortable with the intricacies associated with these
          orders. ETFs can entail risks similar to direct stock ownership,
          including
          market, sector, or industry risks. Some ETFs may involve
          international risk, currency risk, commodity risk, and
          interest rate
          risk. Trading prices may not reflect the net asset value of
          the
          underlying securities. All accounts are opened as limited purpose margin accounts.
          You should know that
          margin trading involves interest charges and risks,
          including the
          potential to lose more than deposited or the need to deposit
          additional collateral in a falling market. Before using
          margin,
          customers must determine whether this type of trading
          strategy is
          right for them given their specific investment objectives,
          experience, risk tolerance, and financial situation. For
          more
          information please see Alpaca's
            Margin Disclosure Statement and Margin Agreement. These disclosures contain information on Alpaca Securities's
          lending policies,
          interest charges, and the risks associated with margin
          accounts. Any fee you pay is based on the specific transaction and not
          the value of your account.
          In general, we do not charge a commission for trades.
          However, certain arrangements
          with authorized business partners may preclude commission
          free trades by Alpaca Securities.
          If your account is established via an authorized business
          partner,
          please refer to the fee schedule provided through your
          authorized partner’s website or platform.
          Customers of Alpaca Securities should refer to the Alpaca
            Securities Brokerage Fee
            Schedule .
          Please ensure you review the fees and costs identified on
          any confirmations and statements you receive. Cryptocurrency is highly speculative in nature, involves a
          high
          degree of risks, such as volatile market price swings,
          market
          manipulation, flash crashes, and cybersecurity risks.
          Cryptocurrency
          is not regulated or is lightly regulated in most countries.
          Cryptocurrency trading can lead to large, immediate and
          permanent
          loss of financial value. You should have appropriate
          knowledge and
          experience before engaging in cryptocurrency trading. For
          additional
          information please click here. Cryptocurrency services are made available by Alpaca Crypto,
          a FinCEN registered money services business (NMLS #
          2160858),
          and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AlpacaDB, Inc. Alpaca
          Crypto
          is not a member of SIPC or FINRA. Cryptocurrencies are not
          stocks and your cryptocurrency investments are not protected
          by
          either FDIC or SIPC.
          Please see the Disclosure Library for more information. © 2025 Alpaca Securities LLC All rights reserved. © 2025 Alpaca Crypto LLC All rights reserved. © 2025 AlpacaDB, Inc. All rights reserved. Commissions Disclosure Commission-free trading is available to Alpaca's retail customers. Commission-free trading means that there are no commission charges for Alpaca self-directed individual cash brokerage accounts that trade U.S.-listed securities and options through an API. However, certain arrangements with authorized business partners or the use of the Elite Smart Router as part of the Alpaca Elite offering may preclude commission free trades by Alpaca Securities. Please refer to the Brokerage Fee Schedule for more information. Relevant regulatory fees may apply.  Alpaca reserves the right to charge additional fees if it is determined that order flow is non-retail in nature. Alpaca and selected third parties use cookies on this website as specified
    in the cookie policy . You accept the use of these cookies or other identifiers by pressing
    'Accept', closing this notice, or logging into your account. Accept