Alpha Group | Financial Solutions for Corporates & Institutions Alpha Group Menu Language: English Español Italiano Français Nederlands Deutsch Home Page Client Login FX Risk Management Login Alternative Banking Login Security & Regulation Firm Offer Announcement Contact Us Home Client Login FX Risk Management Alternative Banking Contact Us Home About us Who we are Careers Latest news Contact us Corporates Overview Partner with us Currency management Interest rate hedging Global accounts Mass payments Multi-bank connectivity Integrate with us Private Markets Overview Currency management Interest rate hedging Global accounts Fund finance Payments Multi-bank connectivity Integrate with us Insights from The Line Our team About Us Who we are Careers Latest news Contact us Corporates Overview Partner with us Currency management Interest fate hedging Global accounts Mass payments Multi-bank connectivity with Cobase Integrate with us Private Markets Overview Our team Currency management Interest rate hedging Global accounts Fund finance Payments Multi-bank connectivity Integrate with us Insights from The Line Firm offer announcement Security & Regulation Firm Offer Announcement We are Alpha – half fintech, half consultancy, wholly different. Scroll to find out more Read more Both fintech and consultancy. At Alpha, we combine expert consultancy with cutting-edge technologies to solve the financial challenges of some of the world’s most respected organisations. As a team, we pride ourselves on making a meaningful and lasting difference to our clients through a comprehensive suite of cash and risk management solutions – all available in one place. Both David and Goliath. Alpha Group is part of Corpay, Inc. – a Fortune 1000 company and S&P 500 member firm listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: CPAY). We combine the financial strength of an established public company, with the agility and client focus of a specialist firm. Transacted per annum (Corpay, Inc.) Both global and local. As part of Corpay, our team work with clients across the world from 30 international offices. We are also partnered with 100+ correspondent banks and counterparty trading institutions, and can process transactions to more than 200 countries in 145+ currencies. International Offices. Both professional and personal. Whilst banks and foreign exchange providers need clients to transact to generate revenue, if it’s not in your interest or we don’t think we’re right for your business, we’ll tell you. Creating the best possible outcomes for you and your long-term success working with us is something that is both professional and personal. Employees To find out more about what we do and how we can support your business, choose from the options below. Corporates Private Markets About Us Alpha Group Regulatory Information Alpha Group International trades through its wholly owned subsidiaries Alpha FX Limited (Company Registration No. 05108142 ) and Alpha FX Europe Limited (Company Registration No. C 96623 ). Alpha FX Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide regulated products and services (Registration No. 770377 ) and authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority as an Authorised Electronic Money Institution (Registration No. 900849 ). It is also registered with FINTRAC in Canada (Registration No. M18265420 ), registered with the Revenu Quebec as a Money-Services Business (Licence No. 12675 ), and licensed by ASIC, the Australian Securities and Investment Commission (AFS Licence No. 541102 ). Alpha FX Europe Limited is authorised and regulated by the Malta Financial Services Authority to provide investment services in terms of the Investment Services Act (Cap. 370 of the Laws of Malta) and for the issuing of electronic money and provision of payment services under the Financial Institutions Act, (Cap. 376 of the Laws of Malta). For more information on Alpha FX Europe Limited please click here . Security & Regulation Legal Notice Privacy Cookies Cookie Settings Modern Slavery Fraud Awareness Live Rates Contact Us Alpha FX Europe Developer Hub Confirmation of Payee Verification of Payee Credits Credits © 2026 Alpha Group International.