Homepage | Alstom Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to search Alstom Alstom Company Leading the way to greener and smarter mobility, worldwide. Our ambition is to accompany all transportation stakeholders in meeting tomorrow’s mobility challenges. We strive to provide them with the most efficient and digital mobility systems, while further improving the environmental friendliness of our solutions. Smart innovation for sustainable mobility Follow us on Key figures Commitments Sustainable mobility Sustainable Procurement Health and safety Environmental footprint Local communities Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Ethics Innovation at Alstom Innovation is a collective state of mind At Alstom, we innovate not only to deliver operationally today, but to transform mobility at large, by pioneering smarter and greener mobility solutions for all. Learn more Corporate governance Alstom Governance documentation Solutions Rolling stock Rolling stock We offer products from the broadest portfolio range in the rail industry. Our innovation focus is on green and smart solutions. Continue to Rolling stock Light rail People mover & monorail Metro Commuter trains Regional trains High-speed trains Locomotives Alstom's green traction solutions: sustainable solutions for non-electrified railways More Cybersecurity for safe & secure mobility More Signalling Signalling Our state-of-the-art signalling solutions allow operators to ensure the highest standards in safe, seamless travel with urban and mainline solutions that meet the specific needs of each operation environment. Continue to Signalling Urban signalling Mainline signalling Freight & mining signalling Autonomous transportation Learn more Signalling & Infrastructure Services More Components Components With the widest components portfolio in the rail industry, Alstom offers the best solution available to original equipment manufacturers, operators and asset owners, for increasingly safe and environmentally-friendly travel. Continue to Components Bogies Traction Dampers Train control & information systems Interiors Friction brakes Switchgear Making trains smarter: how Alstom’s components are changing the game Learn more Alstom's green traction solutions: sustainable solutions for non-electrified railways More Infrastructure Infrastructure We offer a complete range of sustainable solutions for tracklaying, electrification and the supply and installation of electromechanical material along the entire track, in stations and depots. Continue to Infrastructure Tracklaying & track solutions Catenary free & ground feeding solutions Electrification Electromechanical equipment Innovating along the track Learn more Hesop: Saving energy and costs in a single solution More Digital rail Digital rail We provide solutions to deliver security and fluidity to passengers and operations, by optimising real-time performance in signalling and multimodality, by offering connectivity and automating driving. Continue to Digital rail Passenger experience and Connectivity Data and Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity for safe & secure mobility More Services Services We offer a complete range of customised services including maintenance, modernisation, parts & repairs and support. All of which ensure operators the highest level of availability for their fleets, infrastructure and signalling systems. Continue to Services Rail maintenance services Parts, repairs & overhauls Refurbishment & modernisation Operations & maintenance Digital solutions Signalling & Infrastructure HealthHub - The intelligent way to improve maintenance More Keeping locomotives running across the world More Turnkey Turnkey Drawing on our complementary business lines, we offer bundled and fully integrated systems that include rolling stock, signaling, infrastructure and services. This turnkey approach optimises project execution and transport system performance. Continue to Turnkey APM systems Monorail systems Tram systems Metro systems Mainline systems The Monorail story for greater Cairo More The AlUla tram project in Saudi Arabia More Discover our solutions Follow us on Newsroom Newsroom Find the latest Alstom press releases and news, press kits, your regional press contacts and more! Enter the newsroom Follow us on Press releases and news Alstom Journeys Media library Press enquiries Events Finance The one stop shop for all relevant information for investors and shareholders Access our financial & share information, our financial calendar and results, regulated information, shareholders' meetings and investors' contacts & presentations. See more Follow us on Financial & Share information Alstom Share Dec 23, 2025 — 10:14 CET €24.70 -0.64% Volume: 39,817 Financial calendar 20 Jan 2026 Add to calendar Add to calendar Select the agenda platform you whish to add the event on : Outlook Google Yahoo Add via ical × FY 2025/26 – 3rd quarter orders & sales Financial results Investors presentations PDF - 6.01 MB Alstom Equity Story Alstom Equity Story PDF - 8.2 MB Universal Registration Document 2024/25 including the annual financial report Universal Registration Document 2024/25 including the annual financial report Shareholders Shareholders' meetings Regulated information PDF - 8.2 MB Universal Registration Document 2024/25 including the annual financial report Universal Registration Document 2024/25 including the annual financial report Careers You know we make trains move. Discover how we move the world. At Alstom, we value curious and innovative people who are passionate about working together to reinvent mobility, making it smarter and more sustainable. We are building an agile, inclusive, and responsible culture, where diverse people are offered opportunities to learn, grow and advance in their careers, with options across functions and geographies. Learn more Follow us on Job search Join Alstom We are constantly looking for the right talents to solve real-world mobility challenges and invent the transport systems of tomorrow. Visit our career website to search our job openings or to create an account in our candidate database. Browse jobs The Alstom Experience The Alstom Experience At Alstom, we value curious and innovative people who are passionate about working together to reinvent mobility, making it smarter and more sustainable. Learn more Your career at Alstom Alstom's united community Alstom’s community creates an environment promoting and encouraging teamwork, dialogue and cooperation, across all levels of hierarchy and all geographical areas. We are a group of passionate, dedicated people who love working together as problem-solvers and trouble-shooters. We go on a challenging journey, but we do it as a community. Learn more Students & Graduates Students & Graduates Alstom has a long history, but today, we want the world, and especially younger generations, to know the real Alstom. We are a vibrant company with ambitious goals. Learn more Alstom University Alstom University Alstom University is a learning powerhouse sharing knowledge and a means for its employees to continuously upgrade themselves, their skills and competencies. Learn more Candidate data privacy I am Choosing one of the options will trigger an automatic update of the page's in the selected category. I am Customer Investor Supplier Media Passenger Talent Language en fr Menu Company Solutions Newsroom Finance Careers Company Overview Key figures Commitments Innovation at Alstom Corporate governance Key figures Commitments Overview Sustainable mobility Sustainable Procurement Health and safety Environmental footprint Local communities Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Ethics Sustainable mobility Sustainable Procurement Health and safety Environmental footprint Local communities Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Ethics Innovation at Alstom Corporate governance Overview Alstom Governance documentation Alstom Governance documentation Solutions Overview Rolling stock Signalling Components Infrastructure Digital rail Services Turnkey Rolling stock Overview Light rail People mover & monorail Metro Commuter trains Regional trains High-speed trains Locomotives Light rail People mover & monorail Metro Commuter trains Regional trains High-speed trains Locomotives Signalling Overview Urban signalling Mainline signalling Freight & mining signalling Urban signalling Mainline signalling Freight & mining signalling Components Overview Bogies Traction Dampers Train control & information systems Interiors Friction brakes Switchgear Bogies Traction Dampers Train control & information systems Interiors Friction brakes Switchgear Infrastructure Overview Tracklaying & track solutions Catenary free & ground feeding solutions Electrification Electromechanical equipment Tracklaying & track solutions Catenary free & ground feeding solutions Electrification Electromechanical equipment Digital rail Overview Passenger experience and Connectivity Data and Artificial Intelligence Passenger experience and Connectivity Data and Artificial Intelligence Services Overview Rail maintenance services Parts, repairs & overhauls Refurbishment & modernisation Operations & maintenance Digital solutions Signalling & Infrastructure Rail maintenance services Parts, repairs & overhauls Refurbishment & modernisation Operations & maintenance Digital solutions Signalling & Infrastructure Turnkey Overview APM systems Monorail systems Tram systems Metro systems Mainline systems APM systems Monorail systems Tram systems Metro systems Mainline systems Newsroom Overview Press releases and news Alstom Journeys Media library Press enquiries Events Press releases and news Alstom Journeys Media library Press enquiries Events Finance Overview Financial & Share information Financial calendar Financial results Investors presentations Shareholders Regulated information Financial & Share information Financial calendar Financial results Investors presentations Shareholders Overview Shareholders' meetings Shareholders' meetings Regulated information Careers Overview Job search The Alstom Experience Your career at Alstom Students & Graduates Alstom University Candidate data privacy Job search The Alstom Experience Your career at Alstom Students & Graduates Alstom University Candidate data privacy I am Passenger Customer Media Investor Talent Supplier Follow us on Australia Austria Azerbaijan Belgium Brazil Canada China Czech Republic Denmark Egypt Finland France Germany Hungary India Italy Kazakhstan Mexico Morocco Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland UK USA Explore Alstom in the world Search Close search bar 1 04 Building high-speed trains, fast-tracking community development Read more Next The future (of rail) is digital 2 04 The future (of rail) is digital Read more Next Autonomous mobility: The future of rail is automated 3 04 Autonomous mobility: The future of rail is automated Read more Next Alstom's green traction solutions: sustainable solutions for non-electrified railways 4 04 Alstom's green traction solutions: sustainable solutions for non-electrified railways Read more Next Building high-speed trains, fast-tracking community development Highlights Press releases 26 Dec 2025 Alstom to supply 47 trains and associated maintenance for new rail corridors in Mexico Press releases 22 Dec 2025 Alstom to supply 23 electric Coradia Stream trains with 10-year associated maintenance to Hellenic Train in Greece Press releases 18 Dec 2025 Alstom awarded 1.0 billion euro share of Suburban Rail Loop East Line Contract in Melbourne, Australia Press releases 01 Dec 2025 Alstom delivers Australia’s first brownfield CBTC installation for Melbourne’s Metro Tunnel Project Press releases 17 Nov 2025 Alstom will deliver 55 electric locomotives to Ukrainian Railways Press releases 13 Nov 2025 Alstom’s first half 2025/26: Excellent commercial momentum, sales ahead of plan, ready for a solid second half Press releases 12 Nov 2025 Alstom signs landmark deal to build 42 Coradia Max trains for PKP Intercity, a new era for Polish rail travel All news and press releases A complete range of mobility solutions Rolling stock Signalling Components: Broadest portfolio serving all trains Infrastructure Digital rail The undisputed leader in rail services Turnkey Upcoming Events Jan 20 FY 2025/26 – 3rd quarter orders & sales Alstom will announce its orders & sales for the third quarter of the fiscal year 2025/25 on January 20, 2026. Agenda 06:00 pm (CET) : Publication of press release 06:30 pm (CET) : Live webcast of the conference call with the analysts 20 January 2026 (evening) : Replay of the webcast Conference Call To participate in the conference call, please register here . You will then receive all necessary information by e-mail. We strongly advise to connect at least 10 minutes in advance. Read more 20 Jan FY 2025/26 – 3rd quarter orders & sales Financial results 16 Feb 5 days India AI Impact Summit 2026 New Dehli, India Conference 06 May 2 days Asia Pacific Rail 2026 Bangkok, Thailand 20 May 2 days The Rise of IoT, AI & Data in Rail 2026 , Germany Conference 09 Jun 3 days EUMO - European Mobility Expo 2026 Paris, France Exhibition 22 Sep 4 days InnoTrans 2026 Berlin, Germany Exhibition See all events Investor relations Access our investors section Alstom Share Dec 24, 2025 — 14:00 CET €24.96 +0.65% Volume: 136,076 Addressing the challenges of tomorrow’s mobility in a responsible way Our commitments Instagram alstom 5 months 2 weeks ago This beautiful train bagged the prestigious @reddotdesignaward 2025, a true recognition of our commitment to combining design, technology and sustainability. 

Our Avelia Stream Nordic X80 has been specifically engineered to perform reliably in harsh Scandinavian climates, withstanding temperatures from –40 to +35 °C. It is equipped with energy-efficient systems, including regenerative braking and a low-drag aerodynamic profile. The train accommodates 270 seated passengers and includes multifunctional areas for bicycles, strollers and wheelchairs. Its pressure-tight carbody ensures a quiet and smooth ride even at high speeds and the train has the ability to run through 80 cm of snow. 

#Design #Award #Sustainability Instagram alstom 5 months 2 weeks ago Have you ever wondered what it's like to work as an engineer at Alstom? Get to know Javier, a Signalling Safety Engineer at Alstom Spain.

Javier is  a graduate in Mechanical Engineering from @universidadcarlosiiidemadrid and started his professional career at the beginning of 2024 through our YoungTalent programme, which we developed in collaboration with @fue_es. Today, he works full-time at our engineering site in #Madrid. 

Watch the video to learn about Javier's multinational experience, his colleagues, his passion for rail, and how every day is an opportunity to contribute to more #sustainable mobility for passengers around the world. Instagram alstom 5 months 3 weeks ago Today, the livery of @velvet.train’s high-speed trains designed with Team Alstom has been unveiled!

We are also happy to announce the beginning of the manufacturing of these Avelia Horizon high-speed trains at our La Rochelle site in France. 🚅🇫🇷 Instagram alstom 6 months ago A contract worth almost €1.7 billion in France! We are delighted to supply SNCF Voyageurs with 96 additional RER NG trains for the RER D line on the Île-de-France Mobilités network.

This train has been designed, both in terms of architecture and interior design, to optimise capacity and passenger flow.

Read more about the contract in our latest story! Instagram alstom 6 months ago 🚄 At Alstom, we’re not just moving trains - we’re moving forward!

We are harnessing the power of AI and digitalisation to build trust, adapt, and put people first.

As digitalisation transforms mobility, cybersecurity remains our top priority, ensuring rail stays the safest mode of transport. Our Digital Depot approach for instance uses real-time data to troubleshoot faster, minimize delays, maximise train availability and ultimately enhance customer satisfaction. 

Team Alstom had a wonderful time in Hamburg at UITP Summit ❣️ Instagram alstom 6 months ago Here’s the very first train for the future line 18 of the @grand_paris_express, from our Metropolis range! 🚇

For this project, Alstom provides a complete metro system, including our innovative signalling system which will provide a seamless passenger experience, with a 90-second interval between each train.

See you in the last quarter of 2026! 👋 Instagram alstom 6 months 1 week ago The train that thinks for itself is here💡

Meet Alstom’s Urbalis Fluence – a quiet yet groundbreaking shift in urban transit. 🌆 Instagram alstom 6 months 1 week ago 🚆 At the UITP Summit in Hamburg, we caught up with Alix Porto to learn how Alstom is setting a new benchmark in CBTC with Urbalis Fluence. Its train-centric architecture is more than a technical upgrade - it’s improving operations, maintenance, and the passenger experience.
 
🌱 Véronique Andriès shared how sustainability drives our strategy. From sustainable procurement to a new partnership with Outokumpu for low-carbon stainless steel, we continue to take bold steps to decarbonize our trains.

Watch the video to learn more! Instagram alstom 6 months 1 week ago What if trains could talk to each other?
No more rushing - just smooth, seamless journeys. 🚆✨

In Hamburg, we met with Valérie Lefebvre to explore Alstom’s cutting-edge train-to-train communication system, enabling metro arrivals as frequent as every 60 seconds.

Inside the train, Augustin Grillet shared our new approach to flexible capacity management, tailored to meet the dynamic needs of modern urban mobility.

Which of these innovations is the most inspiring to you? Instagram alstom 6 months 1 week ago Did you know that Alstom is also an operator? 🚉

With over 40 years of experience providing operations and maintenance, we move millions of passengers every day on over 25 transport systems.

Swipe through the photos above to see where we’re operating around the world! 🚆🌍

More info on where we’re operating:
1: GO Transit & UP Express, Canada - over 60 million rail boardings per year
2: Edmonton Transit Service Valley Line Southeast LRT, Canada - 3 million rides in the first year
3: SunRail, USA - 1.2 million riders in 2024
4: Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, Spain - Over 10 million passengers per year
5: Dubai International, UAE - up to 200,000 passengers per day Your journey with Alstom continues here I am Selecting one of the options will initiate a page reload to display the chosen page category I am Passenger Customer Media Investor Talent Supplier Company Solutions Finance Newsroom Careers Follow us on Job search Alstom Foundation Customer portal StationOne Alert procedure Language English Français © Alstom SA 2025 Accessibility Site map Cookie Policy Legal Notice