Search for:
About us
Solutions
Who we serve
Resources
Support
Sign In
Contact us
Your influence. Tracked. Explained. Visualized.

Altmetric’s interface tracks online engagement to reveal how and where your research is making a difference.

Request a demo
Publishers
Academic
Nonprofits
Researchers
Medical Affairs
Corporate R&D
Reveal online attention to research at speed

Thousands of conversations about research happen online every day. Altmetric tracks and captures a range of online attention sources to published research across social media, news outlets, policy and more. We collate this activity, to help you monitor, report and showcase the attention surrounding the research you care about.

Request a demo
1
4
3
5
6
8
Discover some of our solutions for online attention tracking
Uncover the wider influence of published research
Altmetric Explorer

Access and compare online attention to research, as Altmetric tracks thousands of online mentions across social media, mainstream media, policy, patents and more all in one platform.

Learn more
Showcase research influence
Altmetric Badges

Quickly view and understand the dissemination of research at a glance.

Complement traditional citation analysis with Altmetric Badges. Each badge compiles and consolidates online attention to research, so you can instantly visualize and interpret online attention.

Learn more
Flexible data as you need it
Altmetric API

Leverage Altmetric data in the way that works best for your organization.

Conduct more complex searches, ask granular questions, build custom visualizations and merge your own data with the Altmetric API.

Learn more
Custom insight to meet your needs
Altmetric Consultancy

Have your questions answered, as our team creates customized and accurate dashboards in the way you need it.

Tell us your needs and our friendly data analysts can help you create a solution based on your exact requirements. They can even help you uncover solutions you hadn’t thought possible.

Learn more
Transform your approach to engagement tracking

Move beyond citations and listen in on the conversation

Request a quote
Find out more
What our customers say about us

“Altmetric has the potential to change the way we understand the impact that research has within academia and more importantly the wider impact that it has in society.”

SAGE Publications

Latest insights
View all
 
Understanding attention with sentiment in Medical Affairs

For Medical Affairs teams, “impact” has often been measured by volume: how many times a…

Read more
Beyond the journal: Inside the Altmetric Top 25 NTRO…

For decades, journal articles have been the gold standard of scholarly communication. And while they…

Read more
The institutional dilemma: Assessing impact vs. miti…

For academic research administrators and institutional leadership, the core mandate is twofold: drive high-value, real-world…

Read more
Measuring what matters in Medical Affairs

Do Medical Affairs professionals have access to the technology needed to effectively measure the real-world…

Read more
On-demand webinars
View all
 
Altmetric Update: A Year of New Features

In this webinar, we’ll highlight the major updates introduced over the past year, including new…

View event
12 Months That Changed a Year: New Ways Altmetric Is Helping You Capture the Dissemination of Research Online

The Altmetric doughnut has long been a recognisable staple in the research landscape – helping…

View event
Business School Accreditation With Altmetric: BI Norwegian Business School

In this session from our Academic User Day, we were joined by Craig Aaen-Stockdale. Craig…

View event
Using Altmetric for Impact Analysis at VU Amsterdam

In this session from our Academic User Day, we were joined by Matthijs de Zwaan,…

View event
The Research Radar: How Altmetrics Shape Academic Strategy

The final webinar in our Research Impact User Stories series. Altmetrics offer more than just…

View event
Altmetric & Dimensions Academic User Day 2025

An exciting, content-rich virtual event where our team highlighted what sets Altmetric and Dimensions apart.…

View event
On Impact and Career Trajectories of Scientists: Using Altmetrics, Bibliometrics, and Administrative Data in Research

The third webinar in our Research Impact User Stories series. Watch our compelling webinar that…

View event
Promoting Research Impact: Rolling Out and Supporting Altmetric at the University of Bristol

The second webinar in our Research Impact User Stories series, we were joined by Frankie…

View event
Understanding Publication Impact and Engagement with Data and AI-Driven Solutions

Join us for this interactive session where Dr Carlos Areia delved into practical strategies and…

View event
Keyword Impact Assessment Through Altmetric Indicators

The webinar with guest speaker, Ashraf Maleki (University of Turku) focused on keyword impact assessment,…

View event
Demonstrating Impact Beyond Metrics: How Lancaster University Uses Altmetric To Support Its Researchers

The first webinar in our Research Impact User Stories series. This session explored how Altmetric…

View event
Explore the latest Altmetric features for publishers

Discover the latest updates to the Altmetric Explorer and Badges in this 30-minute webinar. Join…

View event
Let’s stay in touch

 Subscribe to our newsletter to receive updates on the latest developments in citation tracking.

About us
Contact us
Support
Get in touch
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Bluesky
Audience

Altmetric for Publishers

Altmetric for Institutions

Altmetric for Researchers

Altmetric for Nonprofits

Altmetric for Corporate

Altmetric for Medical Affairs

Products

Altmetric Explorer

Altmetric Badges

Altmetric API

Altmetric Books

Altmetric Consulting Services

Free Tools

Resources

Blog

News

Case studies

Whitepapers / Reports

Use cases

Terms of use | Privacy Policy | Security | Accessibility | System Status Cookie settings

© Copyright 2025 Altmetric. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies for analytics, improving your on-line experience and enabling third party features. By using this website, you are agreeing to the use of cookies. To find out more and manage your preferences, click on “Cookie settings”.
OK
Cookie settings