MDaemon Technologies, Ltd. x Need Help? US : 1.866.601.2586 International : +1.817.601.3222 Request Support English Chinese (Simplified) English French German Italian Japanese Russian Spanish Vietnamese ... 0 My Account Log in Create account New - Free Training Available Now! Technical Training Webinar For Our Award Winning Email Security Platform Click for Details Email Threat Protection, Archiving & Compliance for Microsoft 365, Microsoft Exchange & other Email Platforms Windows and macOS Email Client for MDaemon Now integrated in MDaemon version 24.5.1 and higher A fully-featured desktop and mobile email client for companies of all sizes, with productivity tools far beyond email. Learn More Data Query Service (DQS) Real-Time Threat Intelligence Layer for MDaemon® Email Server Sign Up For A Free Trial For information on our upcoming U.S. holiday business closures, please visit our Contact Us page. Important Announcements and Updates (Click To View) Support for MDaemon 21.x, Connector for Outlook 6.x, and Security Gateway 7.x ends on March 1, 2026 New 2025 Releases Available Now: MDaemon Email Server | SecurityGateway ⚠️ April 15, 2025 Critical Update for all supported versions of MDaemon Email Server. Click here for details. MailStore 25.1 and hiqher requires an update to Firebird4. Click here to learn more. We have revised our renewal pricing for some products. Click here to learn more. MDaemon ® Email Server Control and privacy of your email that is easy to manage and trusted by businesses in over 140 countries. TRUSTED EXCHANGE ALTERNATIVE Email Security and Encryption Clustering and High Availability Email Archiving Included Collaboration tools On-Premises, Virtual or Hosted Deployment Learn More SecurityGateway ™ for Email Protect any mail server from inbound and outbound threats of Spam, Phishing, Malware and Data Leaks SECURE EMAIL GATEWAY Microsoft 365, Exchange Email Protection Compare to Barracuda, Mimecast, & Others Easy Set-up and User Management Email Quarantine, Archiving and More On-Premises, Virtual or Hosted Deployment Learn More Easy to Use Email, Collaboration and More Take a Quick Tour of the Most Popular Features Why IT Professionals Use Our Software McKenzie Medical Center - 14 Years and Going Strong! "We have been with MDaemon for 14 years. It has proven to be a stable and reliable platform. The content filters are very flexible. I have an email server that stops most junk and malicious emails from reaching my users. The Instant Messaging  is an integral part of our internal communications.  It has Calendaring, Tasks, Notes, all configurable. It's a very affordable alternative to more expensive systems." Read the full review County of Cheshire - Comprehensive Mail, Management and Value! "MDaemon gives us visibility into our email usage and control over the service we present to our users. Designed to be customizable, MDaemon presents us with the flexibility we need to make email work the way we need it to. The logs are comprehensive and make diagnosing email problems in a reasonable time possible." Read the full review Eron Law - We've Been Using MDaemon for 7 Years! I would say the most helpful thing has been the cost. We turned to MDaemon when noticing the cost of the Microsoft Exchange Server. We run a busy law firm and this product fits the bill perfectly. Read the full review ALWITCO - Best Email Security Solution Hands Down! Very easy to customize to fit our requirements. Most other email security software is a one size fits all type of product. Unfortunately, every company has different requirements, Security Gateway makes an extremely flexible package. That is easy to use and set up. Read the full review Trusted by Brands Around the World Are You Ready to Learn More? We offer a personalized demo to answer your specific questions. It's quick and easy and you can see how our products can make your job easier. Get Started Today Enter Invalid Password Have a question? sales@help.mdaemon.com +1.817.601.3222 Mon-Fri  7 AM - 4 PM CT Facebook YouTube Linkedin unsite@mdaemon.com About Us Company Contact Us Resources Blog Find A Partner Become a Partner Support Options Request Support Legal | Other EULA Refunds Terms of Service Data Privacy GDPR AI Policies Legal Notice Copyright © 1996-2025 MDaemon Technologies, Ltd. All trademarks are property of their respective owners. Price : Availability : Quantity : - + Subtotal : Add to Cart Loading Compare Products Loading Error Product successfully added to your shopping cart Translation missing: en.products.wishlist.added_to_wishlist Qty: There are item(s) in your cart Continue shopping View Cart English Chinese (Simplified) English French German Italian Japanese Russian Spanish Vietnamese