Alternative Press Magazine Latest Music Style Culture Podcast APTV Shop Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Youtube Visit us on TikTok Alternative Press Magazine 50 best albums of 2025 Music In conversation with Wicca Phase Springs Eternal and Golden Apples The duo go long on meditation, songwriting goals, and their respective albums, both released this year. Neville Hardman 14 artists on their 2025 soundtrack The Linda Lindas, Bert McCracken, Provoker, and others tell us their favorites from the past 12 months. Alternative Press Magazine AP A-sides: 10 songs you need to hear Our favorite new songs, updated weekly. Alternative Press Magazine Fan poll: 5 most underrated albums of 2025 See which ones made the list. Alternative Press Magazine See Amyl and the Sniffers’ raucous new concert film Live at Ally Pally The footage from Alexandra Palace captures their biggest headline show yet. Kelsey Barnes On the road with Home Front Behind the scenes of their Watch It Die shows in California. Alternative Press Magazine Load More Style The best gifts for music lovers Including Scowl plushies, Linkin Park skate decks, and Patti Smith’s latest memoir. Alternative Press Magazine Deryck Whibley debuts new clothing line Walking Disaster The surprise announcement at Warped Tour prompted a performance of Sum 41’s “The Hell Song.” Kelsey Barnes Nick Holiday’s streetwear is for Abercrombie and Hot Topic emos alike Nostalgia, hand in hand with emotion, is in the very bones of his brand Anna Zanes Travis Barker and Vans team up for shoe partnership The collab comes alongside the brand’s bespoke shoe for American Football, where Vans threw a house party in Urbana, Illinois to celebrate. Kelsey Barnes Jerks™ founder Matt Sloane curates his vintage finds like a record store The South Londoner details his beginnings, rarest discoveries, and why he’s drawn to nostalgia. Anna Zanes T.U.K.: The festival shoe And check out AP’s When We Were Young playlist. Alternative Press Magazine Load More Culture See skate-punk legends in Intense Energy: The Sounds of Skateboarding The short film includes insights from Zack de la Rocha, Ian MacKaye, and Steve Caballero. Kelsey Barnes Hole and the Smashing Pumpkins bassist Melissa Auf der Maur announces ’90s rock memoir Even The Good Girls Will Cry: A ’90s Rock Memoir will recount an essential decade of alternative culture. Kelsey Barnes Creeper’s 13 favorite horror movies Guitarist Ian Miles curates a Halloween list to mark the release of their new album, Sanguivore II: Mistress of Death. Alternative Press Magazine Oliver Niño to join Joel Madden on Ep. 138 of Artist Friendly Here’s what to know about the new episode. Alternative Press Magazine See Green Day’s first trailer for new film New Years Rev, soundtracked by “Holiday” Green Day call it their “love letter to road trip movies, ’90s nostalgia, and chasing the dream no matter how ridiculous it gets.” Amanda Hatfield Chris Rivers falls into the cosmos The artist and former Heaven’s Basement drummer takes us through his new The Zodiac Universe exhibit in London. Steven Loftin Load More Around Our Network Invisible Oranges – The Metal Blog Transilvanian Dream: “Opus Diabolicum” By Moonspell + Classical Music Recommendations (Interview) BrooklynVegan 33 Best Metal Albums of 2025 Invisible Oranges – The Metal Blog Doug Never Sleeps (Interview) BrooklynVegan 25 Best Rap Albums of 2025 THE AP STORE IS NOW OPEN EXCLUSIVE VINYL, COLLECTIBLES, MERCH + MORE Features Features In conversation with Wicca Phase Springs Eternal and Golden Apples Music 14 artists on their 2025 soundtrack News AP A-sides: 10 songs you need to hear Features Fan poll: 5 most underrated albums of 2025 Alternative Press Information Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Follow Us Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Youtube Visit us on TikTok © 2025 Alternative Press magazine. All rights reserved.