alwaysdata, the European Cloud Home Plans Environment Domains Marketplace Documentation Contact Français Login The European Cloud 🇪🇺 Fully managed and all-inclusive hosting, without unexpected expenses. Unlimited databases, mailboxes and websites. Test for free They trust us The ideal solution for Web agencies Large groups Startups SaaS Public services 100% human customer service Our team responds quickly and efficiently to all your questions during office hours or 24/7 if you have a Max offer. Pricing: no unpleasant surprises Master your budget with a suitable solution, instantly scalable, and with clearly displayed costs. See our offers . Responsible company We adopt an energy policy commensurate with our means: from choosing our partners to carbon offset. Multi-language, multi-version PHP, Python, Java, Node.js, Ruby... you choose which language and version you prefer, for each site. Unlimited mailboxes and aliases With us it's simple: no quota on the number of your mailboxes and aliases. Filtering rules, anti-spam, autoresponder, webmail... everything is there! Automatic backups Your peace of mind is our priority, which is why you have access to your backups (files, emails and databases) in 2 clicks and at no extra cost. Managed databases MariaDB (MySQL) and PostgreSQL (multiple extensions available): here again no limit to the number of your databases. Scheduled services and tasks Execute all your programs on demand, scheduled or in the background (daemon). Complete SSL support Free and automatic, with Let's Encrypt or custom certificates. Compare offers Free Registration without credit card Valid without time limit Personal use All features of the Plus offer Transition to other offers with one click 0 € for life See details Any questions? Contact‑us! Plus Unlimited sites, mailboxes and databases Multi-language and multi-version SSH access included Instant capacity modification Simplified transition to Max offer Starting from 5 € VAT excl./mo Choose your offer Any questions? Contact‑us! Max 24/7 support Personalized support Complete managed services for private servers Isolation and guaranteed performance GTI, GTR and unbeatable availability rates Starting from 369 € VAT excl./mo Start configuring Any questions? Contact‑us! Follow us on social networks LinkedIn X Mastodon Bluesky Our recommendations Trustpilot Google Ecosystem Administration API Status Changelog Documentation Support us About Environment Open source Legal notices Transparency Academic Cloud (AAC) Cookies management Join us Bug Bounty Report abuse