Alzheimer's Society Skip to main content Shop Contact us Dementia professionals Dementia Support Line Search (required) Search Donate About dementia What is dementia? Do I have dementia? Dementia symptoms checklist Dementia diagnosis Types of dementia Alzheimer's disease Vascular dementia Alcohol-related brain damage Frontotemporal dementia Young-onset dementia Stages and symptoms Stages of dementia Later stages of dementia Changes in behaviour Changes in perception Memory loss Cause and prevention Reduce your risk of dementia Treatments and medications Is dementia hereditary? Dementia support Our dementia services Find support near you Dementia support line Join our online community Publications and factsheets Support for professionals Living with dementia After a dementia diagnosis Eating and drinking Toilet problems and continence Driving Washing and dressing Support for carers Looking after yourself Supporting a person with dementia Considering care homes Adapting the home End of life care Legal and financial Paying for dementia care Care assessments Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards Lasting power of attorney Benefits and exemptions Get involved Donate Make a monthly donation Leave a gift in your Will Ways to give in memory Play the Lottery Philanthropy Other ways to donate Events and fundraising Join an event Organise your own fundraising Fundraising support Corporate partnerships Support our work Become a Dementia Friend Campaign with us Take part in our research Reimagine Christmas Win the Omaze London house Volunteer Ways to volunteer Join our dementia services Share your lived experience What we do Our research Take part in dementia research For researchers Research news Our innovation programmes Dementia support Our support services Dementia support line Living with dementia Support for carers Influencing change Our position on key issues Facts about dementia in the UK Local dementia statistics How your money helps News and media Our dementia blog Dementia together magazine Latest news Video and podcast About us Who we are Our strategy How your money helps Cymru (Wales) Northern Ireland Our people Leadership team Ambassadors Vice-Presidents and Patrons Trustees Working for us Current vacancies Our values Our benefits Get to know our teams See menu Support line Search See menu Contact us Search About dementia Back About dementia What is dementia? Back What is dementia? Do I have dementia? Dementia symptoms checklist Dementia diagnosis Types of dementia Back Types of dementia Alzheimer's disease Vascular dementia Alcohol-related brain damage Frontotemporal dementia Young-onset dementia Stages and symptoms Back Stages and symptoms Stages of dementia Later stages of dementia Changes in behaviour Changes in perception Memory loss Cause and prevention Back Cause and prevention Reduce your risk of dementia Treatments and medications Is dementia hereditary? Dementia support Back Dementia support Our dementia services Back Our dementia services Find support near you Dementia support line Join our online community Publications and factsheets Support for professionals Living with dementia Back Living with dementia After a dementia diagnosis Eating and drinking Toilet problems and continence Driving Washing and dressing Support for carers Back Support for carers Looking after yourself Supporting a person with dementia Considering care homes Adapting the home End of life care Legal and financial Back Legal and financial Paying for dementia care Care assessments Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards Lasting power of attorney Benefits and exemptions Get involved Back Get involved Donate Back Donate Make a monthly donation Leave a gift in your Will Ways to give in memory Play the Lottery Philanthropy Other ways to donate Events and fundraising Back Events and fundraising Join an event Organise your own fundraising Fundraising support Corporate partnerships Support our work Back Support our work Become a Dementia Friend Campaign with us Take part in our research Reimagine Christmas Win the Omaze London house Volunteer Back Volunteer Ways to volunteer Join our dementia services Share your lived experience What we do Back What we do Our research Back Our research Take part in dementia research For researchers Research news Our innovation programmes Dementia support Back Dementia support Our support services Dementia support line Living with dementia Support for carers Influencing change Back Influencing change Our position on key issues Facts about dementia in the UK Local dementia statistics How your money helps News and media Back News and media Our dementia blog Dementia together magazine Latest news Video and podcast About us Back About us Who we are Back Who we are Our strategy How your money helps Cymru (Wales) Northern Ireland Our people Back Our people Leadership team Ambassadors Vice-Presidents and Patrons Trustees Working for us Back Working for us Current vacancies Our values Our benefits Get to know our teams Shop Contact us Dementia professionals Banner modal mobile image Banner modal desktop image The Omaze Million Pound House Draw, London Enter the draw Enter now for your chance to win this house in London worth £5,000,000, along with £250,000 in cash. Get dementia support Alzheimer’s Society provides vital support to help people navigate the daily challenges of life with dementia. From personalised support to expert advice and a community that understands, we help people cut through the fear and isolation. Get support Dementia is the UK's biggest killer, it affects us all and it devastates lives. Every 3 minutes someone in the UK develops dementia. 1 in 3 people born in the UK today will go on to develop dementia in their lifetime. Banner modal desktop image Help a family reimagine Christmas Donate now Donate today to help provide the support and advice families need to reimagine a Christmas that works for them. Donate now Get dementia support Tag: . Dementia support services If you need support, as a carer or someone with dementia, we're here to help. Tag: . Dementia symptoms checklist Helping you describe possible dementia symptoms to a GP or health professional. Tag: . Find support near you Find local dementia support services and activities near to where you live. Dementia news and real stories Tag: . How to support a person with dementia at Christmas Christmas for people affected by dementia it can be more difficult. Here are eight ways you can support people with dementia at Christmas. Read more Tag: . How I accepted my dementia diagnosis and tried to move forward Sue Beeson talks about life before her dementia symptoms and how she's determined to stay active and creative since her diagnosis. Read more Tag: . Our partnership with the Daily Mail to defeat dementia Find out how you can help us defeat the UK's most urgent health and social care issue. Read more Dementia Support Line 0333 150 3456 Our dementia advisers are here for you. Dementia Support Forum Online community Visit our online community to get advice, share experiences, connect. Sign up for dementia support by email Our regular support email includes the latest dementia advice, resources, real stories and more. Email (required) First name (required) Last name (required) You can change what you receive at any time and we will never sell your details to third parties. Here’s our Privacy Policy . Useful links Contact us Working for us Privacy policy Dementia support services Publications and factsheets Information in your language Legal information Cookies Accessibility statement Facebook X Instagram Youtube All content © 2025 Alzheimer's Society. Alzheimer's Society is a registered charity in England and Wales (296645) and the Isle of Man (1128). A company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales company number 2115499. Isle of Man company number 5730F. Registered office: 43-44 Crutched Friars, London EC3N 2AE.