American Marketing Association | AMA Skip to Content Skip to Footer Search AMA Login Join AMA Join the AMA Learning and Certification Find learning by topic Free learning resources for members Credentialed Learning Training for teams Why learn with the AMA? Events Publications Marketing News Academic Journals Guides & eBooks Job Boards Marketing Job Board Academic Job Board About the AMA About AMA AMA Foundation Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Collegiate Resources Volunteer Awards and Scholarships Get Help Sponsorship Opportunities Strategic Partnerships Search AMA Icon image We noticed that you are using Internet Explorer 11 or older that is not support any longer. Please consider using an alternative such as Microsoft Edge, Chrome, or Firefox. Dismiss notification The Essential Community for Marketers The AMA is a community of future marketers and dedicated professionals who work, teach and study in the field. Together we will advance the field of marketing. Explore Membership 2026 AMA Summer Academic Conference: Call for Papers Submit research on marketing scholarship, teaching effectiveness, or professional development. Join colleagues strengthening their academic careers in Denver. Deadline: January 21. SECURE YOUR SPOT Training to Drive Growth Keeping pace with the shifting landscape of marketing is challenging. Change minds, improve lives and impact the world for good with training developed to sharpen your skills. Training & Events certification Shaping Future Leaders Volunteer opportunities support the growth of future leaders, equipping them with experience to create positive change in the world. Volunteering Undergrad Hub Bringing Marketers Together We’re the largest community-based marketing association in the world. Thousands gather and connect at our various community events throughout the year. Events Recognizing Marketing Visionaries Shining a light on the incredible work of academic, professional and undergraduate marketers through competitions, top-tier journals and hundreds of awards. Awards Undergrad Awards Job Boards Make a Contribution Explore Free Learning Volunteering With AMA Training AMA Training gives your career a momentum boost. You’ll be ready to take on any challenge that comes your way. Start learning Certification Gain confidence and prove you have the skills to make an impact by becoming a Professional Certified Marketer® GET STARTED Academic Journals The AMA is home to five industry-leading journals full of peer-reviewed research to advance our industry. SEE RESEARCH Events 2026 AMA Winter Academic Conference February 13 February 9, Virtual | February 13-15, Madrid, Spain Feb 5 Connect with Younger Generations through Meaningful Marketing Online | 2 Hours Mar 3 Community Building Beyond Content Marketing Online | 2 Hours Mar 5 Balancing Human Creativity with AI Efficiency Online | 2 Hours Jun 17 How to Write a Marketing Plan Online | 2 Hours | Beginner All Upcoming Events News Stand Original Research The Skills Marketers Need in 2025 and Beyond The 2025 AMA Marketing Skills Report identifies the skills required to thrive as a marketer today and in the future. Based on a survey of 1,200+ marketers, over 450 job postings and interviews with industry experts, this report lays out the new realities shaping the field of marketing—including the AI transformation, shifting consumer expectations and […] More Vivid=More Effective? How Saturated Colors Impact Consumer Behavior—And Waste What Marketers Would Do with an Extra $1 Million Does Automated Lead Nurturing Really Work? A New Study Challenges the Hype Memes in Marketing: Act Fast or They'll Backfire How and When "Work–Life" Messaging in Marketing Can Backfire Marketing to End War, Create Peace, and Enhance Sustainable Well-Being The Brandification of Private Labels: Beyond Budget From Our Partners sponsor Article Where Credibility Meets Culture: The Future of Local Influence Authenticity drives modern marketing. Learn how brands can earn influence by connecting credibility and culture where it matters most. Atlanta has always known a little something about influence. It’s the city where culture and commerce meet on Peachtree Street, where creators become movements, and where local pride shapes global trends. From trap music to tech […] sponsor Article 15 Influencer Marketing Trends to double your Affiliate Sales Discover the top influencer marketing trends: best-performing formats, key sectors-industry, and partnership types to drive Affiliate sales. Discover the most comprehensive affiliate marketing study powered by real Instagram affiliate data. This report reveals 15 top insights every e-commerce brand should know, from the rise of social commerce to optimizing content mix, tracking performance, and understanding […] sponsor Article How AI and Plagiarism Threaten Media Integrity and Profitability Combat the dual threats of AI-generated content and plagiarism that are eroding audience trust and exposing your brand to financial and legal risks. Download the essential new Copyleaks guide to learn how to safeguard your intellectual property, protect revenue streams from piracy, and implement an enterprise-ready content solution for authenticity and reputation protection. In today’s […] Advertisement Resources Professional Maintaining Your PCM® Tools & Templates Volunteering Marketing News Jobs AMA Marketing / And Podcast Academic ELMAR Academic Events SIGs Academic Articles Jobs Collegiate Collegiate Hub Competitions Collegiate Events Free Graduating Membership Awards & Scholarships “To the American Marketing Association, I extend my heartfelt thanks. Your commitment to providing such a wonderful event is commendable. This experience has rejuvenated my marketing strategy and revitalized my skills. My confidence has soared, and I now feel armed with cutting-edge strategies that will propel me to new heights in my company and career.” Parissa Burton Marketing Manager | Brand Strategist LinkedIn | Instagram Join AMA About AMA Contact Us Get Help Terms of Use Privacy Policy Code of Conduct FAQ Media Kit Certification Portal Toolkits Job Boards Marketing Services Search Strategic Partnerships Media facebook twitter linkedin © 2025 American Marketing Association. This site content may not be copied, reproduced, or redistributed without the prior written permission of the American Marketing Association or its affiliates. By continuing to use this site, you accept the use of cookies, pixels and other technology that allows us to understand our users better and offer you tailored content. You can learn more about our privacy policy here Got it Dismiss notification The owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. This site uses the WP ADA Compliance Check plugin to enhance accessibility.