Alexa+ Skip to Main content Keyboard shortcuts Search opt + / Cart shift + opt + C Home shift + opt + H Orders shift + opt + O Show/Hide shortcuts shift + opt + Z To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows. .us Deliver to Republic of Korea All Select the department you want to search in All Departments Arts & Crafts Automotive Baby Beauty & Personal Care Books Boys' Fashion Computers Deals Digital Music Electronics Girls' Fashion Health & Household Home & Kitchen Industrial & Scientific Kindle Store Luggage Men's Fashion Movies & TV Music, CDs & Vinyl Pet Supplies Prime Video Software Sports & Outdoors Tools & Home Improvement Toys & Games Video Games Women's Fashion Search Amazon EN Hello, sign in Account & Lists Returns & Orders 0 Cart All Today's Deals Prime Video Registry Gift Cards Customer Service Sell Disability Customer Support Amazon Devices Echo & Alexa Fire Tablets Amazon Fire TV Kindle Home Security Device Deals Accessories Certified Refurbished Device Support Manage Your Content and Devices Get Alexa+ Try Alexa+ for free during Early Access All customers get Alexa+ Early Access when they buy an eligible device. When Early Access ends 1 , Alexa+ will stay free for Prime members or cost $19.99/month as a stand-alone subscription. Learn more about Alexa+ Early Access . Already have an eligible device ? Just ask Alexa to get started or request Alexa+ above. Easy to talk to Chat naturally and flow effortlessly between topics and requests. Gets more done Put Alexa to work across thousands of services and your smart home. Tailored to you Enjoy a personalized experience based on your preferences. Ready where you are Say the word, and Alexa's there for you across Echo, Fire TV, and more. Jump to: Alexa Capabilities Eligible devices FAQs Top Go to Top Capabilities Eligible devices FAQs Buy a device, get Alexa+ Start enjoying Alexa+ when you buy an eligible device below. Simply opt in to Alexa+ Early Access during or after device setup and all your compatible devices will have Alexa+. New Devices Smart Displays Smart Speakers Fire TVs Smart Home Bundles On-the-go Kids Tablets Item added to cart successfully Placeholder Previous page Currently unavailable We don't know if these items will be back in stock Next page Page 1 of 1 Designed for Alexa+ From crystal-clear sound to cutting-edge smart home features, our newest devices merge thoughtful hardware with the ambient intelligence of Alexa+, creating a customizable, connected experience. Conversations that flow Previous page Brainstorm like Pete Watch how Pete Davidson goes deep on big decisions with Alexa. Watch how Pete uses Alexa+ Talk naturally Say anything, then flow right into other requests or topics. Watch the talk naturally video Jump right in If you need to interrupt the conversation, Alexa adapts. Watch the jump right in video Pivots welcome Change the topic halfway through your chat. Alexa keeps the context. Watch the pivots welcome video Uniquely yours Alexa remembers your preferences, and gives you customized answers. Watch the uniquely yours video Next page Gets more done Connect Alexa+ to your favorite add-ons, then Alexa can do so much for you-from booking tickets with Ticketmaster, to making dinner reservations with OpenTable, to reserving a ride with Uber, and more. Explore and connect add-ons in the Alexa+ Store. Learn more. All yours Alexa remembers your preferences to make the experience feel tailored to you. Find the name of that song you love, discover new favorite shows or recipes, have Alexa create unique bedtime stories, and more. 2 Your Alexa home makes it happen Create a home that learns and adapts to you. Alexa+ delivers personalized highlights, suggests helpful routines, and proactively manages your home while keeping you informed of what matters most. You can keep an eye on your home from Echo Show and Fire TV. Keep tabs on what matters From your pets to security, Alexa+ can show you customized highlights. 3 Speak your routines to life “Alexa, wake me up with lights and coffee at 7 AM.” It's that simple. Stay one step ahead Alexa+ learns your patterns and will let you know about unexpected changes, like unlocked doors. Bring your home together With Alexa+ and Ring, watch and control your home from your Fire TV 4 or Echo Show. Everywhere. Anytime. With the new Alexa, you can start conversations on one device, then pick up right where you left off on another. Chat at home or on-the-go, keep conversations going on Echo devices around your home, and type to chat with Alexa on your browser. Learn more about availability across devices. Previous page Echo devices Start a conversation on your Echo device. Pick it back up anywhere. Alexa app Pick up where you left off on-the-go. Just chat with Alexa on mobile. Fire TV Ask Alexa to find music or a movie 3 that fits your mood. Fire Tablets Continue shopping or planning a trip wherever inspiration strikes. Next page Alexa+ at your fingertips Continue conversations from Echo or Fire TV right on your Mac or PC. Dive deep into topics, have Alexa summarize lengthy emails or documents, draft messages, create images, plan trips, and more. Access to Alexa+ will be available from most web browsers. Learn more about access to Alexa+ on your browser. And so much more Explore Alexa’s new set of helpful capabilities. And with more surprisingly delightful uses to come, we're just getting started. Trust is built into Alexa+ by design Learn more about Alexa+ Trust & Privacy Private Alexa+ is designed with built-in protections to safeguard your privacy and keep you in control. Secure Layers of security help keep your experience safe and your data secure. Trusted Alexa+ is built and tested to deliver a trusted experience. Frequently asked questions How do customers get early access to Alexa+? To learn more about Alexa+ Early Access, click here . We are rolling out Alexa+ Early Access to US customers who own or purchase a compatible Echo or Fire TV device. If you want access sooner, you can purchase a new eligible Echo, Fire TV or Fire tablet device which will come with Alexa+ Early Access when you set up your device. Certain refurbished or used devices do not qualify. Learn about Alexa+ set up with your device purchase here .  Customers can also request Alexa+ access when they sign up with their personal email account. Customers will be notified via email and through device notifications once access is granted. We will expand Early Access to more customers over time. Once you join Alexa+ Early Access, Alexa+ will start working across all your compatible Echo devices, Fire TV, Fire tablets and the Alexa app. Alexa+ on your browser is coming soon to customers with Early Access. What devices are compatible with Alexa+? Alexa+ Early Access will work across various Echo devices, Fire TV and Fire tablets, including certified refurbished and used devices. Learn more about what device you have here . Alexa+ will work on most Echo devices. Certain older generation Echo devices will continue to use the original Alexa and include Echo Dot 1st Gen, Echo 1st Gen, Echo Plus 1st Gen, Amazon Tap, Echo Show 1st Gen, Echo Show 2nd Gen, and Echo Spot 1st Gen. Alexa+ will not work on Echo Buds 1st Gen. Compatible Fire TV devices include Fire TV Cube (3rd Gen), Fire TV Stick 4K Max (2nd Gen), and Fire TV Stick 4K (2nd), Fire TV Omni Mini-LED Series, Fire TV Omni QLED Series, Fire TV 4-Series, Fire TV 2-Series, Panasonic W95, Panasonic Z85A, Panasonic Z95A, Panasonic Z95B, and Hisense U6. Fire tablets running Fire OS 8 or higher are compatible with Alexa+, including Fire HD 8, Fire HD 8 plus 12th Gen, Fire HD 10, 13th Gen, and Fire Max 11, 13th Gen. Please note that Alexa+ is not available in Kids mode on Fire tablets. Alexa+ will soon be available on 2021 to 2025 Samsung TVs with Alexa Built-in. To enjoy Alexa+ on your Samsung TV, ensure you’re logged in to the Alexa App on your TV and running the Alexa TV App latest version. We’re continuously working to bring Alexa+ to more Alexa Built-in devices. What languages is Alexa+ available in? Alexa+ is currently only available in English for customers in the US. Device language must be set to “English United States” to use Alexa+ on your device. To change your language settings, go to the Alexa app, or on-device by going to Settings > Device options > Device Language. Can my child access Alexa+ on their Kids Edition Echo devices? Yes. Alexa+ is an assistant for the whole family. Parents can make the Alexa+ Kids experience available to their kids on their Kids Edition Echo devices or by creating and enabling a child profile with Verifiable Parental Consent (VPC). Parents can set up a device to run Alexa+ Kids exclusively, or, if the device is shared by members of the household, parents can also set up a voice ID for their kids, so the device will turn on Alexa+ Kids when an enrolled child is recognized. When an enrolled child profile is recognized or on a device with Amazon Kids enabled, our GenAI content moderation extends the multi-layered controls for a general audience with additional guardrails that are purpose-built for children. Will Amazon Kids+ work with Alexa+? Alexa+ is compatible with Amazon Kids+. With Alexa+ and an Amazon Kids+ subscription, you'll have access to new Amazon Kids+ features like Stories with Alexa and Explore with Alexa. If you don't already have Amazon Kids+ and are eligible for a free trial, you can try Amazon Kids+ for free for 30-days during Alexa+ Early Access. What will Alexa+ cost? Alexa+ will be free during Early Access. After Early Access ends, you will not be automatically charged and Alexa+ will be free with your Prime membership. For non-Prime customers, you can sign up for Alexa+ for $19.99/month. Will the original Alexa still be available? We're positive you'll love all that Alexa+ has to offer - greater intelligence, more conversation and a striking array of new, proactive capabilities. However, if you prefer using the original Alexa, it will remain available on your devices. 1 Free Early Access to Alexa+ for non-Prime customers will be available through at least January 2026. When Early Access ends, Alexa+ will stay free for Prime members or be available as a stand-alone subscription for $19.99/month. Some features represented are in development and will be released in future updates. 2 Amazon Kids+ subscription required (sold separately). Alexa+ Early Access includes access to a 1-month free trial of Amazon Kids+ (terms apply). 3 Certain content, apps, and services may require separate subscriptions. 4 Compatible Ring subscription required (sold separately). For customers in Illinois: Smart Video Search is not available on Ring devices due to specific state legislation. 5 Available initially on Echo Show 15 and 21. Shop Discover Help Amazon Devices deals Get Alexa+ Alexa+ Devices Alexa+ Store Get the App Back to top Get to Know Us Careers Blog About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices Amazon Science Make Money with Us Sell products on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us Host an Amazon Hub › See More Make Money with Us Amazon Payment Products Amazon Business Card Shop with Points Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter Let Us Help You Amazon and COVID-19 Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Help English ₩ KRW - South Korean Won United States Amazon Music Stream millions of songs Amazon Ads Reach customers wherever they spend their time 6pm Score deals on fashion brands AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy Sell on Amazon Start a Selling Account Veeqo Shipping Software Inventory Management Amazon Business Everything For Your Business AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services Audible Listen to Books & Original Audio Performances Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital & Print Publishing Made Easy Prime Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands Woot! Deals and Shenanigans Zappos Shoes & Clothing Ring Smart Home Security Systems eero WiFi Stream 4K Video in Every Room Blink Smart Security for Every Home Neighbors App Real-Time Crime & Safety Alerts Amazon Subscription Boxes Top subscription boxes – right to your door PillPack Pharmacy Simplified Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure Your Ads Privacy Choices © 1996-2025, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates