Amazon Web Services  -  The World Leading Cloud Computing Services Provider - Operated by NWCD and Sinnet Skip to main content Filter: All English Global Website Contact Us Documentation ICP Record My Account Search Filter: All Sign in Create Account 1 / 5 Solutions Start the new year with proven cloud solutions, built for real business and industry needs Explore solutions Free Tier Sign up for an Amazon Web Services account to enjoy 40 core cloud services for free, up to 12 months Get started for free Getting Started Start the new year by getting to the cloud faster, with guided steps to build, deploy, and run applications in minutes Get started Data Security Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL introduces dynamic data masking: enables secure generative AI on real business data Learn more Hybrid Cloud Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP now supports Amazon S3 access - power AI and analytics with S3 file data directly View details Free Tier Gain low-cost, high-performance experience with cloud-based products and services Always free These free tier offers do not automatically expire. Learn more » 12 months free These free tier offers are available for 12 months to new Amazon Web Services customers. Learn more » Free Trial These free tier offers are available within a limited period of time after you activate the services. Learn more » Explore our products Satisfy different technology preferences and business requirements Explore more cloud-based products » Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Explore our solutions Help enterprises implement efficient operations and business growth. Learn more solutions » Automotive Redefine the value chain of the automotive industry and create new core competencies for automotive enterprises with vehicle-cloud integration. Learn more » Manufacturing In the era of Industry 4.0, intelligent solutions enable manufacturing enterprises to unleash new quality productive forces. Learn more » Retail and FMCG Revolutionize traditional retail and expedite digital transformation of enterprises. Learn more » Healthcare and life sciences Accelerate the lab-to-practice digital innovation process with high reliability, paving the way for a future of smart healthcare. Learn more » Games Provide fully managed solutions to maximize the player lifetime value and accelerate the globalization of games. Learn more » Media and entertainment Revolutionize content creation methods by offering six types of media and entertainment application solutions. Learn more » Powering customer innovation Provide replicable and referenceable use cases for customers View all use cases » Training and certification Amazon Web Services offers systematic courses and practical demonstrations to help developers learn how to use cloud services and continuously enhance their knowledge. Getting Started The comprehensive courses guide you in gaining hands-on experience with using cloud services. Explore now Advanced Tutorials Offering various documentation to help you deploy services and features. Explore more Certification Authoritative certification and training will facilitate breakthroughs in your career development. Get certified now 3rd-party apps to drive growth Security Prisma Access from Palo Alto Networks Comprehensive security capabilities are integrated into a single service to significantly reduce attack surfaces. Learn more Security ImmunityOne SaaS system from Asiainfo-SEC You can perform multi-tenant management on this cloud native platform to implement 'one detection and whole network immunity'. Learn more Security DBAPPSecurity from DAS Security DBAPPSecurity, integrated with auto maintenance features, supports comprehensive operations and maintenance management and risk control of various assets. Learn more Security Fortinet FortiGate, a next-generation firewall Fortinet FortiGate, with NGFW, VPN, and SD-WAN capabilities, is a unified solution for security protection. Learn more Business Applications TextIn from INTSIG TextIn covers diverse OCR scenarios, enabling you to achieve an OCR accuracy of 100% with the man-machine combination system. Learn more Business Applications Coohom for product displays Coohom offers efficient 3D digital production tools to help merchants save up to 90% on product photography costs. Learn more Global pioneer of cloud computing Amazon Web Services has a reputation for its innovation, services, and broad usage. Learn more » Play One-stop service community 37 37 geographic Regions, and each Region includes multiple AZs 700+ 700+ CloudFront POPs and 13 Regional Edge Cache locations 117 117 AZs 245 Serving 245 Countries and Regions Analyst Reports Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Global and local compliance and security certificates DJCP | TRUCS | CSA | CyberGRX | ISO 9001 | ISO 27001 Learn more » Next steps Free tier Free Tier offers of 40+ high-performance cloud services Activate now Getting Started 4-phase getting started courses on cloud computing Learn now Contact us Multi-domain cloud experts providing professional supports Contact us Analyst Reports Reports from Gartner, IDC, Frost & Sullivan, and other analyst firms View now Create a Free account About Us What is Amazon Web Services? Amazon Web Services in China Products/services Updates Analyst Reports Amazon Web Services China Blog Customer Success What is Cloud Computing? What is Big Data? What is Cloud Storage? What is AI? What is a Data Lake? What is a Vector Database? What is a VPS? Products & Solutions All Products Compute Storage Database Network & Content Delivery Management Tools Security, Identity & Compliance Analytics Application Services Messaging Internet of Things Solutions Resources & Support Developer Tools Pricing Calculator Support Plans Support FAQs Amazon Health Dashboard Documentation Cloud Computing Articles ICP Record Support MLPS Manage Your Account Management Console Billing & Cost Management Personal Information Payment Method Security Credentials Request Service Limit Increases Contact Us English Back to top Amazon Web Services in China: We're committed to providing Chinese software developers and enterprises with secure, flexible, reliable, and low-cost IT infrastructure resources to innovate and rapidly scale their businesses. 'AWS' is an abbreviation of 'Amazon Web Services', and is not displayed herein as a trademark. Explore China customer stories Site terms Privacy Legal Compliance Reminder Sitemap Links Cookie Preferences 宁公网安备 64050202000147号 | 宁ICP备17000743号