Virtual Private Server and Web Hosting–Amazon Lightsail—Amazon Web Services Skip to main content Filter: All English Contact us AWS Marketplace Support My account Search Filter: All Sign in to console Create account Amazon Lightsail Overview Features Pricing Getting Started Resource Center More Products › Compute › Amazon Lightsail 3 months free on select bundles with the AWS Free Tier Amazon Lightsail Build applications and websites fast with low-cost, pre-configured cloud resources Get started for free Why Amazon Lightsail? Amazon Lightsail offers easy-to-use virtual private server (VPS) instances, containers, storage, databases, and more at a cost-effective monthly price. Benefits Create a website fast Create a website or application in just a few clicks. Automatically configure networking, access, and security environments. Scale easily Easily scale as you grow or migrate your resources to the broader AWS ecosystem, such as Amazon EC2. Security and reliability Leverage the security and reliability of the world’s leading cloud platform. Use cases Launch simple web applications Use pre-configured development stacks like LAMP, Nginx, MEAN, and Node.js. to get online quickly and easily. Create custom websites Build and personalize your blog, ecommerce, or personal website in just a few clicks, with pre-configured applications like WordPress, Magento, Prestashop, and Joomla. Build small business applications Launch line-of-business software such as file storage and sharing, backups, financial and accounting software, and more. Resell instance plans Offer hosting solutions to your customers without the hassle of managing your own hardware infrastructure. Learn more about Lightsail resellers How to get started Getting started Try Lightsail free for 3 months Learn more about pricing Feature Click-to-launch OS and apps See all supported options Did you find what you were looking for today? Let us know so we can improve the quality of the content on our pages Yes No Create an AWS account Learn What Is AWS? What Is Cloud Computing? What Is Agentic AI? Cloud Computing Concepts Hub AWS Cloud Security What's New Blogs Press Releases Resources Getting Started Training AWS Trust Center AWS Solutions Library Architecture Center Product and Technical FAQs Analyst Reports AWS Partners Developers Builder Center SDKs & Tools .NET on AWS Python on AWS Java on AWS PHP on AWS JavaScript on AWS Help Contact Us File a Support Ticket AWS re:Post Knowledge Center AWS Support Overview Get Expert Help AWS Accessibility Legal English Back to top Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age. x facebook linkedin instagram twitch youtube podcasts email Privacy Site terms Cookie Preferences © 2025, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.