Skip to
Main content
Keyboard shortcuts
Search
opt
+
/
Cart
shift
+
opt
+
C
Home
shift
+
opt
+
H
Orders
shift
+
opt
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
opt
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Deliver to
Republic of Korea
All
All Departments
Arts & Crafts
Automotive
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
Boys' Fashion
Computers
Deals
Digital Music
Electronics
Girls' Fashion
Health & Household
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage
Men's Fashion
Movies & TV
Music, CDs & Vinyl
Pet Supplies
Prime Video
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Video Games
Women's Fashion
EN
Hello, sign in
Account & Lists
Returns
& Orders
0
Cart
We're showing you items that ship to South Korea. To see items that ship to a different country, change your delivery address.
Dismiss
 
Change Address
All
Today's Deals
Prime Video
Registry
Gift Cards
Customer Service
Sell
Disability Customer Support
Help & Customer Service

Find more solutions

Digital Services and Device Support  › 
Amazon Device and Digital Services Terms, Warranties, and Notices  › 
Kindle E-Reader and Fire Tablet Terms, Warranties, and Notices  › 
Amazon Silk FAQs

What is Silk?

Silk is a web browser available on compatible Amazon devices, such as Fire tablets, Fire TV devices, and Echo Show devices, that allows you to quickly and easily access your favorite websites. With Silk, you can get the latest news, check your e-mail, shop at your favorite store, and more.

What personal information does Silk collect and what are my options for managing how that personal information is used?

Silk collects personal information about your use of the app and its features in order to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that Amazon offers our customers. Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of Silk, to understand our privacy practices. Below are examples of the types of personal information Silk collects, along with a description of some of the ways Amazon uses that information and your options for managing its use.

Silk stores a history of the websites you’ve visited on a particular device, to allow you to easily find the websites you visit most or to search for a particular web page you previously visited. This browsing history is stored locally on your device. You can view, search, and clear some or all of your browsing history from your Hisprtvory tab. You can also enable Private Browsing in the Silk menu. See the FAQ on Private Browsing below for more information.
Silk sends logs or crash reports to Amazon when Silk encounters an issue to help us troubleshoot the browser and improve its performance. These logs or reports include the URL where Silk ran into an issue or recent browsing history and may contain identifiers such as IP addresses or device ID.
To support the search experience, Silk sends a truncated URL of the web page where you perform a search (e.g., www.bing.com/search) to Amazon. This truncated URL does not include your search query (e.g., https://www.bing.com/search?q=cats for a search for “cats”) and may be associated with your Amazon account. We collect this truncated URL for troubleshootng and analytics purposes. For example, we may use this information to ensure that search pages load quickly.
Silk sends browsing data (e.g., URLs visited, timestamps) to Amazon for additional troubleshooting, product improvement, and analytics purposes. For example, we may use this information to ensure that websites load properly, or we may use this data to improve our products and services. Outside of the logs and crash reports collected when Silk runs into an issue and the truncated search URL described above, we do not store URL information associated with your Amazon account. You can control whether this domain data is used for product improvement and analytics purposes within the Silk Privacy settings by visiting Settings > Privacy and security > Data sharing.
If you enable the optional customized recommendations feature available on some Fire tablets, Silk sends your browsing history to Amazon to help you find content (such as articles or websites) that you might like based in part on your browsing activity, such as the websites you visit and how long you spend on each webpage. We do not store this information associated with your Amazon account. You can control this feature by visiting Settings > Privacy and security > Customized Recommendations.
If you choose to summarize a web page, Silk will use artificial intelligence to summarize available text. Silk will also collect the URL from the web page you choose to summarize for troubleshooting and product improvement purposes. The web page content, summary, and URL will not be associated with your Amazon account. For publishers that don't want Silk to offer summarization on paywalled articles for non-subscribers, we recommend adding "silk:is-user-entitled" markup for paywalled pages. See our Developer Guidance for more information.

What information is shared with third parties when I use a search engine in Silk’s address bar?

The text you enter in Silk's address bar or search bar is sent to a third-party search engine so that it can provide you with search-related features, such as suggesting relevant search terms or providing results in response to your search query. To personalize these features, the search engine may store a cookie on your device and access this cookie when you use the address bar or visit its websites. Amazon Silk selects the initial search engine to which text in the address bar is sent, and we may change the search engine in the future without notice to you. In the Silk settings, you can change your search engine, enable or disable the personalization of suggested search terms, or clear cookies stored by websites. The search engine’s privacy policy applies to information that it collects.

What is Private Browsing?

When you use Private Browsing, pages you view when using a Private tab will be removed from your Silk browsing history after the tab is closed. Any files you download or bookmarks you create will be kept. As is true for most web browsers, in Private Browsing, your activity might still be visible to your internet service provider or the websites you visit (including websites affiliated with Amazon). To enable Private Browsing, select the “New Private Tab” option in the Silk menu.

What about cookies?

Cookies are a small file that websites may store on your device to keep you signed in, remember your site preferences, or provide you with relevant content. The privacy policy of a third-party website applies to the information that is collected when you visit it. In the Silk Privacy settings, you can clear cookies stored on your device by websites. For information about cookies, pixels, and other technologies on Amazon-affiliated websites, see our Cookies Notice.

Does Silk offer a way to sync or backup my bookmarks in the Amazon cloud?

Yes. On Fire tablets, you can back up your Silk settings, including your bookmarks, to the Amazon cloud by enabling the Backup and Restore feature. For more information, see the Backup and Restore FAQ.

You can also use the Silk Bookmarks extension (plug-in) available for the Google Chrome browser to save a copy of your Chrome bookmarks to your Amazon account, so that they’re available when you use Silk on your Fire tablet. For more information, see our help page.

Was this information helpful?

Yes
 
No
‹ All Help Topics
Kindle E-Reader and Fire Tablet Terms, Warranties, and Notices
Kindle E-Reader and Fire Tablet Terms
Amazon Silk FAQs
Amazon Maps Terms of Use
Additional Notices for Kindle Fire
Activity Center FAQ
Unlimited Cloud Storage for Photos on Fire Tablets
2G and 3G E-Reader Network Support FAQ
IEEE 1725 Battery Safety Statements
Declarations of Conformity for Kindle E-Reader Devices and Accessories
Declarations of Conformity for Fire Tablet Devices and Accessories
Amazon Maps: Other Terms and Notices
Location Services FAQ
Firefly FAQ
Backup and Restore FAQ
Navigate to Your Country
Kindle Device Safety and Compliance Information
Fire Tablet Safety and Compliance Information
Kindle Store Terms of Use
Kindle Unlimited Terms of Use
comiXology Unlimited Terms of Use
Content Viewer Terms of Use
Send to Kindle and Third-Party Services Legal Information
Kindle Rewards Beta Terms of Use
Kindle for iPad/iPhone Legal Notices
Kindle for Android Legal Notices
Content Viewer Legal Notices
Kindle for Windows Phone Legal Notices
Kindle for PC Legal Notices
Kindle Cloud Reader Legal Notices
Kindle for Windows 8 Legal Notices
Kindle for Mac Legal Notices
Kindle for Blackberry 10 (Kindle for Android) Legal Notices
Kindle for webOS Legal Notices
Kindle for Blackberry Legal Notices
Quick solutions
	

Devices & Content

Deliver books, apps to your device

	

Digital Purchases

View purchased books & apps

	

Your Subscriptions

Edit payment info

	

1-Click Settings

Change your address

	

Digital & Device Forum

Ask the community

Contact Us
Back to top
Get to Know Us
Careers
Blog
About Amazon
Investor Relations
Amazon Devices
Amazon Science
		
Make Money with Us
Sell products on Amazon
Sell on Amazon Business
Sell apps on Amazon
Become an Affiliate
Advertise Your Products
Self-Publish with Us
Host an Amazon Hub
›See More Make Money with Us
		
Amazon Payment Products
Amazon Business Card
Shop with Points
Reload Your Balance
Amazon Currency Converter
		
Let Us Help You
Amazon and COVID-19
Your Account
Your Orders
Shipping Rates & Policies
Returns & Replacements
Manage Your Content and Devices
Help
 
English  ₩KRW - South Korean Won United States
Amazon Music
Stream millions
of songs
Amazon Ads
Reach customers
wherever they
spend their time
6pm
Score deals
on fashion brands
AbeBooks
Books, art
& collectibles
ACX
Audiobook Publishing
Made Easy
Sell on Amazon
Start a Selling Account
Veeqo
Shipping Software
Inventory Management
Amazon Business
Everything For
Your Business
AmazonGlobal
Ship Orders
Internationally
Amazon Web Services
Scalable Cloud
Computing Services
Audible
Listen to Books & Original
Audio Performances
Box Office Mojo
Find Movie
Box Office Data
Goodreads
Book reviews
& recommendations
IMDb
Movies, TV
& Celebrities
IMDbPro
Get Info Entertainment
Professionals Need
Kindle Direct Publishing
Indie Digital & Print Publishing
Made Easy
Prime Video Direct
Video Distribution
Made Easy
Shopbop
Designer
Fashion Brands
Woot!
Deals and
Shenanigans
Zappos
Shoes &
Clothing
Ring
Smart Home
Security Systems
 
eero WiFi
Stream 4K Video
in Every Room
Blink
Smart Security
for Every Home
Neighbors App
Real-Time Crime
& Safety Alerts
Amazon Subscription Boxes
Top subscription boxes – right to your door
PillPack
Pharmacy Simplified
 
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure
Your Ads Privacy Choices
© 1996-2025, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates