Amazon Game Studios Skip to main Content Games News Careers Support Games News Careers Support Unleashing the Power of Play 20 KB Discover Our Worlds 731 KB 347 KB Play Big. Change the Game. From sprawling MMO worlds to captivating single-player adventures, creativity and technology collide at Amazon Game Studios to create extraordinary gaming experiences. 270 KB 93 KB News March of Giants 97 KB March of Giants Dec 15, 2025 An Update on March of Giants Ubisoft announced that it is acquiring the rights to March of Giants from Amazon. Read More Tomb Raider 136 KB Tomb Raider Dec 11, 2025 Amazon Game Studios and Crystal Dynamics Unveil Two Thrilling Tomb Raider Adventures at The Game Awards Legendary heroine Lara Croft returns in Tomb Raider: Catalyst, the all-new major entry in the Tomb Raider series, and Tomb Raider: Legacy of Atlantis, a reimagined version of her iconic debut—both games coming to PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X|S and Steam Read More Amazon Game Studios 39 KB Amazon Game Studios Dec 11, 2025 Amazon Celebrates The Game Awards with Exclusive Deals for US Prime Members Cue the trailers, the world premieres, and the “one more thing…” moments. The Game Awards are here and Amazon is celebrating in a big way! Read More All News Let's Work Together Passionate and love games? We want to meet you! About Amazon Game Studios 168 KB 557 KB Must-play games included with Prime 3 KB Prime members get access to a library of must-play games across your favorite genres on Luna, including new GameNight party and social games. All included with Prime at no additional cost. Discover More 707 KB Stay in the Loop Follow Amazon Game Studios on Facebook , X , and LinkedIn . 8 KB 516 KB 279 KB Loading . . . Games | News | Careers | Support Legal | Privacy Notice | Cookie Notice | Your Ads Privacy Choices | © 2019-2025, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Deutsch (DE) English (AU) English (CA) English (IN) English (UK) English (US) Español (ES) Español (LATAM) Français (CA) Français (FR) Italiano (IT) 日本語 (日本) Polski (PL) Português (BR)