Amazon Science homepage Close Close Research Research Research areas Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability Our scientific contributions Publications Research from our scientists and collaborators. Conferences Our experts present and discuss cutting-edge research at scientific meetings globally. Research areas Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability Our scientific contributions Publications Research from our scientists and collaborators. Conferences Our experts present and discuss cutting-edge research at scientific meetings globally. News & blog News & blog The latest from Amazon researchers Amazon Science Blog Technical deep-dives and perspectives from our scientists. News Research milestones and recent achievements. The latest from Amazon researchers Amazon Science Blog Technical deep-dives and perspectives from our scientists. News Research milestones and recent achievements. Collaborations Collaborations Amazon Research Awards Overview Call for proposals Latest news Research stories Recipients Amazon Nova AI Challenge Overview Rules FAQs Teams Research collaborations Overview Carnegie Mellon University Columbia University Hampton University Howard University IIT Bombay Johns Hopkins University Max Planck Society MIT Tennessee State University University of California, Los Angeles University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign University of Southern California University of Texas at Austin Virginia Tech University of Washington Amazon Research Awards Overview Call for proposals Latest news Research stories Recipients Amazon Nova AI Challenge Overview Rules FAQs Teams Research collaborations Overview Carnegie Mellon University Columbia University Hampton University Howard University IIT Bombay Johns Hopkins University Max Planck Society MIT Tennessee State University University of California, Los Angeles University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign University of Southern California University of Texas at Austin Virginia Tech University of Washington Resources Resources Code and datasets AGI Labs Meet the team building useful AI agents. Amazon Nova Try Amazon’s frontier foundation models. Code and datasets AGI Labs Meet the team building useful AI agents. Amazon Nova Try Amazon’s frontier foundation models. Careers Careers Careers Explore our open roles. Amazon Scholars Faculty research opportunities on industry-scale technical challenges. Postdoctoral Science Program Early-career research opportunities alongside experienced industry scientists. Careers Explore our open roles. Amazon Scholars Faculty research opportunities on industry-scale technical challenges. Postdoctoral Science Program Early-career research opportunities alongside experienced industry scientists. Social twitter instagram youtube facebook linkedin github rss Menu Research Research areas Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability Our scientific contributions Publications Research from our scientists and collaborators. Conferences Our experts present and discuss cutting-edge research at scientific meetings globally. Research areas Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability Our scientific contributions Publications Research from our scientists and collaborators. Conferences Our experts present and discuss cutting-edge research at scientific meetings globally. News & blog The latest from Amazon researchers Amazon Science Blog Technical deep-dives and perspectives from our scientists. News Research milestones and recent achievements. The latest from Amazon researchers Amazon Science Blog Technical deep-dives and perspectives from our scientists. News Research milestones and recent achievements. Collaborations Amazon Research Awards Overview Call for proposals Latest news Research stories Recipients Amazon Nova AI Challenge Overview Rules FAQs Teams Research collaborations Overview Carnegie Mellon University Columbia University Hampton University Howard University IIT Bombay Johns Hopkins University Max Planck Society MIT Tennessee State University University of California, Los Angeles University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign University of Southern California University of Texas at Austin Virginia Tech University of Washington Amazon Research Awards Overview Call for proposals Latest news Research stories Recipients Amazon Nova AI Challenge Overview Rules FAQs Teams Research collaborations Overview Carnegie Mellon University Columbia University Hampton University Howard University IIT Bombay Johns Hopkins University Max Planck Society MIT Tennessee State University University of California, Los Angeles University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign University of Southern California University of Texas at Austin Virginia Tech University of Washington Resources Code and datasets AGI Labs Meet the team building useful AI agents. Amazon Nova Try Amazon’s frontier foundation models. Code and datasets AGI Labs Meet the team building useful AI agents. Amazon Nova Try Amazon’s frontier foundation models. Careers Careers Explore our open roles. Amazon Scholars Faculty research opportunities on industry-scale technical challenges. Postdoctoral Science Program Early-career research opportunities alongside experienced industry scientists. Careers Explore our open roles. Amazon Scholars Faculty research opportunities on industry-scale technical challenges. Postdoctoral Science Program Early-career research opportunities alongside experienced industry scientists. Search Submit Search The 10 most viewed blog posts From quantum computing breakthroughs and foundation models for robotics to the evolution of Amazon Aurora and advances in agentic AI, these are the posts that captured readers' attention in 2025. Read the list The 10 most viewed publications From foundation model safety frameworks and formal verification at cloud scale to advanced robotics and multimodal AI reasoning, these are the most viewed publications from Amazon scientists and collaborators in 2025. Read the list The 10 most viewed blog posts The 10 most viewed publications Customer-obsessed science Research areas Automated reasoning Cloud and systems Computer vision Conversational AI Economics Information and knowledge management Machine learning Operations research and optimization Quantum technologies Robotics Search and information retrieval Security, privacy, and abuse prevention Sustainability From the blog View all Technical deep-dives and perspectives from our scientists. View all Dialogue Boost: How Amazon is using AI to enhance TV and movie dialogue December 10, 2025 5 min read New audio-processing technology is making entertainment more accessible for millions of viewers. Conversational AI Amazon Nova Forge: "Open training” paradigm that empowers everyone to build their own frontier AI December 8, 2025 8 min read Conversational AI AutoGluon assistant: Zero-code AutoML through multiagent collaboration December 5, 2025 6 min read Machine learning AI-native 6G: From networks to intelligence fabrics December 1, 2025 8 min read Cloud and systems Using LLMs to improve Amazon product listings November 28, 2025 4 min read Conversational AI View all Featured news 2026 Amazon Nova AI Challenge: Trusted Software Agents track Challenge pushes teams to demonstrate measurable gains in secure-coding performance while building AI agents that advance real-world utility and reliability at scale. Spring 2025 ARA recipients Meet the 63 Amazon Research Award (ARA) recipients, who represent 41 universities in 8 countries. Amazon launches $68 million AI PhD Fellowship program Initiative will fund over 100 doctoral students researching machine learning, computer vision, and natural-language processing at nine universities. David Chang/Getty Images/iStockphoto Amazon AGI SF Lab Led by David Luan and Pieter Abbeel, the lab will focus on developing new foundational capabilities for enabling useful AI agents. Publications View all View all CausalFusion: Integrating LLMs and graph falsification for causal discovery Alessandro Casadei , Sreyoshi Bhaduri , Pavan Mullapudi , Ankush Pole , Raj Ratan , Rohit Malshe AAAI 2026 2026 Causal discovery is central to enable causal models for tasks such as effect estimation, counterfactual reasoning, and root cause attribution. Yet existing approaches face trade-offs: purely statistical methods (e.g., PC, LiNGAM) often return structures that overlook domain knowledge, while expert-designed DAGs are difficult to scale and time-consuming to construct. We propose CausalFusion, a hybrid framework Conversational AI Beyond grey-box assumptions: Uncertainty-guided example selection for black-box language models Egor Krasheninnikov , Zainab Afolabi , Giuseppe Mascellaro , Salvatore Radosta AAAI 2026 Workshop on Assessing and Improving Reliability of Foundation Models in the Real World 2026 In-context learning (ICL) with Large Language Models has been historically effective, but performance depends heavily on demonstration quality while annotation budgets remain constrained. Existing uncertainty-based selection methods like Cover-ICL achieve strong performance through logit-based uncertainty estimation, but most production LLMs operate as black-box APIs where internal states are inaccessible Conversational AI Temporal-consistent video restoration with pre-trained diffusion models Hengkang Wang , Yang Liu , Huidong Liu , Chien-Chih Wang , Yanhui Guo , Hongdong Li , Bryan Wang , Ju Sun AAAI 2026 2026 Video restoration (VR) aims to recover high-quality videos from degraded ones. Although recent zero-shot VR methods using pre-trained diffusion models (DMs) show good promise, they suffer from approximation errors during reverse diffusion and insufficient temporal consistency. Moreover, dealing with 3D video data, VR is inherently computationally intensive. In this paper, we advocate viewing the reverse Computer vision Domain-specific LLM adaptation: Bridging personalization and efficiency through synthetic data and optimization Iman Abbasnejad , Brett Tully , Wei Zhou , Tomal Deb , Sheldon Liu , Xuefeng Liu , Warren Wei AAAI 2026 2026 Large Language Models (LLMs) have demonstrated exceptional capabilities but face two critical deployment challenges: high computational costs and scarcity of personalized domain training data. We address these dual challenges through a comprehensive framework that combines synthetic data generation with inference optimization techniques. Our approach employs LLMs for zero-shot and few-shot synthetic dataset Machine learning Neural codec language model for controllable timbre transfer in music synthesis Sheldon Liu , Tianyu Liu , Deepak Dalakoti , Adithya Suresh , Yueying Teng , Xuefeng Liu , Atanu Roy , Randeep Bhatia , Daniel Hatadi , Prabhjeet Ghuman AAAI 2026 2026 Neural codec language models have revolutionized speech synthesis but face significant challenges when adapted to music generation, particularly in achieving precise timbre control while preserving melodic content. We introduce Neural Code Language Model for Controllable Timbre Transfer (NCLMCTT), a novel architecture that enables zero-shot instrument cloning through direct audio conditioning without explicit Conversational AI Load more Collaborations View all Whether you're a faculty member or student, there are number of ways you can engage with Amazon. View all Gretchen Ertl Amazon Research Awards The program offers unrestricted funds and other resources to support research at academic institutions and non-profit organizations in areas that align with our mission. Amazon Nova AI Challenge A global university competition to drive secure innovation in generative AI technology, which focuses on responsible AI and large language model coding security. Credit: Wolfram Scheible Research collaborations We partner with particular academic organizations across the world for deep and sustained collaborations in multiple research areas of mutual interest. Courtesy of Pai-Ling Yin Amazon Scholars We hire world-class academics to work on large-scale technical challenges, while they continue to teach and conduct research at their universities. View all Work with us See more jobs See more jobs Senior Data Scientist - Data and Machine Learning, WWPS ProServe US, VA, Herndon Application deadline: Applications will be accepted on an ongoing basis Are you excited to help the US Intelligence Community design, build, and implement AI algorithms, including advanced Generative AI solutions, to augment decision making while meeting the highest standards for reliability, transparency, and scalability? The Amazon Web Services (AWS) US Federal Professional Services team works directly with US Intelligence Community agencies and other public sector entities to achieve their mission goals through the adoption of Machine Learning (ML) and Generative AI methods. We build models for text, image, video, audio, and multi-modal use cases, leveraging both traditional ML approaches and state-of-the-art generative models including Large Language Models (LLMs), text-to-image generation, and other advanced AI capabilities to fit the mission. Our team collaborates across the entire AWS organization to bring access to product and service teams, to get the right solution delivered and drive feature innovation based on customer needs. At AWS, we're hiring experienced data scientists with a background in both traditional and generative AI who can help our customers understand the opportunities their data presents, and build solutions that earn the customer trust needed for deployment to production systems. In this role, you will work closely with customers to deeply understand their data challenges and requirements, and design tailored solutions that best fit their use cases. You should have broad experience building models using all kinds of data sources, and building data-intensive applications at scale. You should possess excellent business acumen and communication skills to collaborate effectively with stakeholders, develop key business questions, and translate requirements into actionable solutions. You will provide guidance and support to other engineers, sharing industry best practices and driving innovation in the field of data science and AI. This position requires that the candidate selected must currently possess and maintain an active TS/SCI Security Clearance with Polygraph. The position further requires the candidate to opt into a commensurate clearance for each government agency for which they perform AWS work. Key job responsibilities As an Data Scientist, you will: - Collaborate with AI/ML scientists and architects to research, design, develop, and evaluate AI algorithms to address real-world challenges - Interact with customers directly to understand the business problem, help and aid them in implementation of AI solutions, deliver briefing and deep dive sessions to customers and guide customer on adoption patterns and paths to production. - Create and deliver best practice recommendations, tutorials, blog posts, sample code, and presentations adapted to technical, business, and executive stakeholder - Provide customer and market feedback to Product and Engineering teams to help define product direction - This position may require up to 25% local travel. About the team About AWS Diverse Experiences AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying. Why AWS? Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses. Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences and inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness. Mentorship & Career Growth We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional. Work/Life Balance We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why flexible work hours and arrangements are part of our culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud. Applied Scientist Intern, International Technology, 2026 Beijing CN, 11, Beijing 职位：Applied scientist 应用科学家实习生 毕业时间：2026年10月 - 2027年7月之间毕业的应届毕业生 · 入职日期：2026年6月及之前 · 实习时间：保证一周实习4-5天全职实习，至少持续3个月 · 工作地点：北京朝阳区 投递须知： 1 填写简历申请时，请把必填和非必填项都填写完整。提交简历之后就无法修改了哦！ 2 学校的英文全称请准确填写。中英文对应表请查这里（无法浏览请登录后浏览）https://docs.qq.com/sheet/DVmdaa1BCV0RBbnlR?tab=BB08J2 如果您正在攻读计算机，AI，ML或搜索领域专业的博士或硕士研究生，而且对应用科学家的实习工作感兴趣。如果您也喜爱深入研究棘手的技术问题并提出解决方案，用成功的产品显著地改善人们的生活。 那么，我们诚挚邀请您加入亚马逊的International Technology搜索团队改善Amazon的产品搜索服务。我们的目标是帮助亚马逊的客户找到他们所需的产品，并发现他们感兴趣的新产品。 这会是一份收获满满的工作。您每天的工作都与全球数百万亚马逊客户的体验紧密相关。您将提出和探索创新，基于TB级别的产品和流量数据设计机器学习模型。您将集成这些模型到搜索引擎中为客户提供服务，通过数据，建模和客户反馈来完成闭环。您对模型的选择需要能够平衡业务指标和响应时间的需求。 Applied Scientist Intern, 2026 Shenzhen CN, 44, Shenzhen 职位：Applied scientist 应用科学家实习生 毕业时间：2026年10月 - 2027年7月之间毕业的应届毕业生 · 入职日期：2026年6月及之前 · 实习时间：保证一周实习4-5天全职实习，至少持续3个月 · 工作地点：深圳福田区 投递须知： 1 填写简历申请时，请把必填和非必填项都填写完整。提交简历之后就无法修改了哦！ 2 学校的英文全称请准确填写。中英文对应表请查这里（无法浏览请登录后浏览）https://docs.qq.com/sheet/DVmdaa1BCV0RBbnlR?tab=BB08J2 如果您正在攻读计算机，AI，ML领域专业的博士或硕士研究生，而且对应用科学家的实习工作感兴趣。如果您也喜爱深入研究棘手的技术问题并提出解决方案，用成功的产品显著地改善人们的生活。 那么，我们诚挚邀请您加入亚马逊。这会是一份收获满满的工作。您每天的工作都与全球数百万亚马逊客户的体验紧密相关。您将提出和探索创新，基于TB级别的产品和流量数据设计机器学习模型。您将集成这些为客户提供服务，通过数据，建模和客户反馈来完成闭环。您对模型的选择需要能够平衡业务指标和响应时间的需求。 Applied Scientist - AI/ML , Decision Intelligence team LU, Luxembourg Join our team as an Applied Scientist II where you'll develop innovative machine learning solutions that directly impact millions of customers. You'll work on ambiguous problems where neither the problem nor solution is well-defined, inventing novel scientific approaches to address customer needs at the project level. This role combines deep scientific expertise with hands-on implementation to deliver production-ready solutions that drive measurable business outcomes. Key job responsibilities Invent: - Design and develop novel machine learning models and algorithms to solve ambiguous customer problems where textbook solutions don't exist - Extend state-of-the-art scientific techniques and invent new approaches driven by customer needs at the project level - Produce internal research reports with the rigor of top-tier publications, documenting scientific findings and methodologies - Stay current with academic literature and research trends, applying latest techniques when appropriate Implement: - Write production-quality code that meets or exceeds SDE I standards, ensuring solutions are testable, maintainable, and scalable - Deploy components directly into production systems supporting large-scale applications and services - Optimize algorithm and model performance through rigorous testing and iterative improvements - Document design decisions and implementation details to enable reproducibility and knowledge transfer - Contribute to operational excellence by analyzing performance gaps and proposing solutions Influence: - Collaborate with cross-functional teams to translate business goals into scientific problems and metrics - Mentor junior scientists and help new teammates understand customer needs and technical solutions - Present findings and recommendations to both technical and non-technical stakeholders - Contribute to team roadmaps, priorities, and strategic planning discussions - Participate in hiring and interviewing to build world-class science teams Senior Applied Scientist, Distributed SQL US, CA, East Palo Alto Amazon Aurora DSQL is a serverless, distributed SQL database with virtually unlimited scale, highest availability, and zero infrastructure management. Aurora DSQL provides active-active high availability, providing strong data consistency designed for 99.99% single-Region and 99.999% multi-Region availability. Aurora DSQL automatically manages and scales system resources, so you don't have to worry about maintenance downtime and provisioning, patching, or upgrading infrastructure. As a Senior Applied Scientist, you will be expected to lead research and development in advanced query optimization techniques for distributed sql services. You will innovate in the query planning and execution layer to help Aurora DSQL succeed at delivering high performance for complex OLTP workloads. You will develop novel approaches to stats collection, query planning, execution and optimization. You will drive industry leading research, publish your research and help convert your research into implementations to make Aurora DSQL the fastest sql database for OLTP workloads. AWS Utility Computing (UC) provides product innovations — from foundational services such as Amazon’s Simple Storage Service (S3) and Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), to consistently released new product innovations that continue to set AWS’s services and features apart in the industry. As a member of the UC organization, you’ll support the development and management of Compute, Database, Storage, Internet of Things (Iot), Platform, and Productivity Apps services in AWS, including support for customers who require specialized security solutions for their cloud services. Key job responsibilities Our engineers collaborate across diverse teams, projects, and environments to have a firsthand impact on our global customer base. You’ll bring a passion for innovation, data, search, analytics, and distributed systems. You’ll also: Solve challenging technical problems, often ones not solved before, at every layer of the stack. Design, implement, test, deploy and maintain innovative software solutions to transform service performance, durability, cost, and security. Build high-quality, highly available, always-on products. Research implementations that deliver the best possible experiences for customers. A day in the life As you design and code solutions to help our team drive efficiencies in software architecture, you’ll create metrics, implement automation and other improvements, and resolve the root cause of software defects. You’ll also: Build high-impact solutions to deliver to our large customer base. Participate in design discussions, code review, and communicate with internal and external stakeholders. Work cross-functionally to help drive business decisions with your technical input. Work in a startup-like development environment, where you’re always working on the most important stuff. About the team Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge-sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects that help our team members develop your engineering expertise so you feel empowered to take on more complex tasks in the future. Diverse Experiences AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying. About AWS Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses. Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences. Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness. Work/Life Balance We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve in the cloud. Mentorship & Career Growth We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional. Data Scientist, Region Flexibility US, CA, Sunnyvale The Region Flexibility Engineering (RFE) team builds and leverages foundational infrastructure capabilities, tools, and datasets needed to support the rapid global expansion of Amazon's SOA infrastructure. Our team focuses on robust and scalable architecture patterns and engineering best practices, driving adoption of ever-evolving and AWS technologies. RFE is looking for a passionate, results-oriented, inventive Data Scientist to refine and execute experiments towards our grand vision, influence and implement technical solutions for regional placement automation, cross-region libraries, and tooling useful for teams across Amazon. As a Data Scientist in Region Flexibility, you will work to enable Amazon businesses to leverage new AWS regions and improve the efficiency and scale of our business. Our project spans across all of Amazon Stores, Digital and Others (SDO) Businesses and we work closely with AWS teams to advise them on SDO requirements. As innovators who embrace new technology, you will be empowered to choose the right highly scalable and available technology to solve complex problems and will directly influence product design. The end-state architecture will enable services to break region coupling while retaining the ability to keep critical business functions within a region. This architecture will improve customer latency through local affinity to compute resources and reduce the blast radius in case of region failures. We leverage off the sciences of data, information processing, machine learning, and generative AI to improve user experience, automation, service resilience, and operational efficiency. Key job responsibilities As an RFE Data Scientist, you will work closely with product and technical leaders throughout Amazon and will be responsible for influencing technical decisions and building data-driven automation capabilities in areas of development/modeling that you identify as critical future region flexibility offerings. You will identify both enablers and blockers of adoption for region flex, and build models to raise the bar in terms of understanding questions related to data set and service relationships and predict the impact of region changes and provide offerings to mitigate that impact. About the team The Regional Flexibility Engineering (RFE) organization supports the rapid global expansion of Amazon's infrastructure. Our projects support Amazon businesses like Stores, Alexa, Kindle, and Prime Video. We drive adoption of ever-evolving and AWS and non-AWS technologies, and work closely with AWS teams to improve AWS public offerings. Our organization focuses on robust and scalable solutions, simple to use, and delivered with engineering best practices. We leverage and build foundational infrastructure capabilities, tools, and datasets that enable Amazon teams to delight our customers. With millions of people using Amazon’s products every day, we appreciate the importance of making our solutions “just work”. Research Scientist, Intelligent Talent Acquisition, Global Hiring Science US, VA, Arlington Do you want a role with deep meaning and the ability to have a global impact? Hiring top talent is not only critical to Amazon’s success – it can literally change the world. It took a lot of great hires to deliver innovations like AWS, Prime, and Alexa, which make life better for millions of customers around the world. As part of the Intelligent Talent Acquisition (ITA) team, you'll have the opportunity to reinvent Amazon’s hiring process with unprecedented scale, sophistication, and accuracy. ITA is an industry-leading people science and technology organization made up of scientists, engineers, analysts, product professionals, and more. Our shared goal is to fairly and precisely connect the right people to the right jobs. Last year, we delivered over 6 million online candidate assessments, driving a merit-based hiring approach that gives candidates the opportunity to showcase their true skills. Each year we also help Amazon deliver billions of packages around the world by making it possible to hire hundreds of thousands of associates in the right quantity, at the right location, at exactly the right time. You’ll work on state-of-the-art research with advanced software tools, new AI systems, and machine learning algorithms to solve complex hiring challenges. Join ITA in using cutting-edge technologies to transform the hiring landscape and make a meaningful difference in people's lives. Together, we can solve the world's toughest hiring problems. Within ITA, the Global Hiring Science (GHS) team designs and implements innovative hiring solutions at scale. We work in a fast-paced, global environment where we use research to solve complex problems and build scalable hiring products that deliver measurable impact to our customers. We are seeking selection researchers with a strong foundation in hiring assessment development, legally-defensible validation approaches, research and experimental design, and data analysis. Preferred candidates will have experience across the full hiring assessment lifecycle, from solution design to content development and validation to impact analysis. We are looking for equal parts researcher and consultant, who is able to influence customers with insights derived from science and data. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to design new hiring solutions and experiment with measurement methods intended to precisely define exactly what job success looks like and how best to predict it. Key job responsibilities What you’ll do as a GHS Research Scientist: • Design large-scale personnel selection research that shapes Amazon’s global talent assessment practices across a variety of topics (e.g., assessment validation, measuring post-hire impact) • Partner with key stakeholders to create innovative solutions that blend scientific rigor with real-world business impact while navigating complex legal and professional standards • Apply advanced statistical techniques to analyze massive, diverse datasets to uncover insights that optimize our candidate evaluation processes and drive hiring excellence • Explore emerging technologies and innovative methodologies to enhance talent measurement while maintaining Amazon's commitment to scientific integrity • Translate complex research findings into compelling, actionable strategies that influence senior leader/business decisions and shape Amazon's talent acquisition roadmap • Write impactful documents that distill intricate scientific concepts into clear, persuasive communications for diverse audiences, from data scientists to business leaders • Ensure effective teamwork, communication, collaboration, and commitment across multiple teams with competing priorities A day in the life Imagine diving into challenges that impact millions of employees across Amazon's global operations. As a GHS Research Scientist, you'll tackle questions about hiring and organizational effectiveness on a global scale. Your day might begin with analyzing datasets to inform how we attract and select world-class talent. Throughout the day, you'll collaborate with peers in our research community, discussing different research methodologies and sharing innovative approaches to solving unique personnel challenges. This role offers a blend of focused analytical time and interacting with stakeholders across the globe. Applied Scientist, AGI Information US, WA, Seattle We are looking for a researcher in state-of-the-art LLM technologies for applications across Alexa, AWS, and other Amazon businesses. In this role, you will innovate in the fastest-moving fields of current AI research, in particular in how to integrate a broad range of structured and unstructured information into AI systems (e.g. with RAG techniques), and get to immediately apply your results in highly visible Amazon products. If you are deeply familiar with LLMs, natural language processing, computer vision, and machine learning and thrive in a fast-paced environment, this may be the right opportunity for you. Our fast-paced environment requires a high degree of autonomy to deliver ambitious science innovations all the way to production. You will work with other science and engineering teams as well as business stakeholders to maximize velocity and impact of your deliverables. It's an exciting time to be a leader in AI research. In Amazon's AGI Information team, you can make your mark by improving information-driven experience of Amazon customers worldwide! Economist, Prime Science US, WA, Seattle Amazon Prime is looking for an ambitious Economist to help create econometric insights for world-wide Prime. Prime is Amazon's premiere membership program, with over 200M members world-wide. This role is at the center of many major company decisions that impact Amazon's customers. These decisions span a variety of industries, each reflecting the diversity of Prime benefits. These range from fast-free e-commerce shipping, digital content (e.g., exclusive streaming video, music, gaming, photos), and grocery offerings. Prime Science creates insights that power these decisions. As an economist in this role, you will create statistical tools that embed causal interpretations. You will utilize massive data, state-of-the-art scientific computing, econometrics (causal, counterfactual/structural, time-series forecasting, experimentation), and machine-learning, to do so. Some of the science you create will be publishable in internal or external scientific journals and conferences. You will work closely with a team of economists, applied scientists, data professionals (business analysts, business intelligence engineers), product managers, and software engineers. You will create insights from descriptive statistics, as well as from novel statistical and econometric models. You will create internal-to-Amazon-facing automated scientific data products to power company decisions. You will write strategic documents explaining how senior company leaders should utilize these insights to create sustainable value for customers. These leaders will often include the senior-most leaders at Amazon. The team is unique in its exposure to company-wide strategies as well as senior leadership. It operates at the research frontier of utilizing data, econometrics, artificial intelligence, and machine-learning to form business strategies. A successful candidate will have demonstrated a capacity for building, estimating, and defending statistical models (e.g., causal, counterfactual, time-series, machine-learning) using software such as R, Python, or STATA. They will have a willingness to learn and apply a broad set of statistical and computational techniques to supplement deep-training in one area of econometrics. For example, many applications on the team use structural econometrics, machine-learning, and time-series forecasting. They rely on building scalable production software, which involves a broad set of world-class software-building skills often learned on-the-job. As a consequence, already-obtained knowledge of SQL, machine learning, and large-scale scientific computing using distributed computing infrastructures such as Spark-Scala or PySpark would be a plus. Additionally, this candidate will show a track-record of delivering projects well and on-time, preferably in collaboration with other team members (e.g. co-authors). Candidates must have very strong writing and emotional intelligence skills (for collaborative teamwork, often with colleagues in different functional roles), a growth mindset, and a capacity for dealing with a high-level of ambiguity. Endowed with these traits and on-the-job-growth, the role will provide the opportunity to have a large strategic, world-wide impact on the customer experiences of Prime members. Senior Applied Scientist, Security Issue Management US, WA, Seattle We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Seattle, WA, USA Are you interested in building Agentic AI solutions that solve complex builder experience challenges with significant global impact? The Security Tooling team designs and builds high-performance AI systems using LLMs and machine learning that identify builder bottlenecks, automate security workflows, and optimize the software development lifecycle—empowering engineering teams worldwide to ship secure code faster while maintaining the highest security standards. As a Senior Applied Scientist on our Security Tooling team, you will focus on building state-of-the-art ML models to enhance builder experience and productivity. You will identify builder bottlenecks and pain points across the software development lifecycle, design and apply experiments to study developer behavior, and measure the downstream impacts of security tooling on engineering velocity and code quality. Our team rewards curiosity while maintaining a laser-focus on bringing products to market that empower builders while maintaining security excellence. Competitive candidates are responsive, flexible, and able to succeed within an open, collaborative, entrepreneurial, startup-like environment. At the forefront of both academic and applied research in builder experience and security automation, you have the opportunity to work together with a diverse and talented team of scientists, engineers, and product managers and collaborate with other teams. This role offers a unique opportunity to work on projects that could fundamentally transform how builders interact with security tools and how organizations balance security requirements with developer productivity. Key job responsibilities • Design and implement novel AI/ML solutions for complex security challenges and improve builder experience • Drive advancements in machine learning and science • Balance theoretical knowledge with practical implementation • Navigate ambiguity and create clarity in early-stage product development • Collaborate with cross-functional teams while fostering innovation in a collaborative work environment to deliver impactful solutions • Design and execute experiments to evaluate the performance of different algorithms and models, and iterate quickly to improve results • Establish best practices for ML experimentation, evaluation, development and deployment You’ll need a strong background in AI/ML, proven leadership skills, and the ability to translate complex concepts into actionable plans. You’ll also need to effectively translate research findings into practical solutions. A day in the life • Integrate ML models into production security tooling with engineering teams • Build and refine ML models and LLM-based agentic systems that understand builder intent • Create agentic AI solutions that reduce security friction while maintaining high security standards • Prototype LLM-powered features that automate repetitive security tasks • Design and conduct experiments (A/B tests, observational studies) to measure downstream impacts of tooling changes on engineering productivity • Present experimental results and recommendations to leadership and cross-functional teams • Gather feedback from builder communities to validate hypotheses About the team Diverse Experiences Amazon Security values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying. Why Amazon Security? At Amazon, security is central to maintaining customer trust and delivering delightful customer experiences. Our organization is responsible for creating and maintaining a high bar for security across all of Amazon’s products and services. We offer talented security professionals the chance to accelerate their careers with opportunities to build experience in a wide variety of areas including cloud, devices, retail, entertainment, healthcare, operations, and physical stores Inclusive Team Culture In Amazon Security, it’s in our nature to learn and be curious. Ongoing DEI events and learning experiences inspire us to continue learning and to embrace our uniqueness. Addressing the toughest security challenges requires that we seek out and celebrate a diversity of ideas, perspectives, and voices. Training & Career Growth We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, training, and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional. Work/Life Balance We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why flexible work hours and arrangements are part of our culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve. See more jobs About Research areas Blog Publications Conferences Code and datasets Academia Amazon News Amazon Developer Amazon Web Services Awards and recognitions Newsletter Careers FAQs Get more from Amazon Science Subscribe to our monthly newsletter Amazon.com | Conditions of Use | Privacy | © 1996-2026 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates Social twitter instagram youtube facebook linkedin github rss