Amber Weather - accurate pinpoint weather forecast Features Benefits Screenshots Testimonials Stay tuned Download Your personal weather station with accurate & detailed report. Download for Apple iOS Download from Google Play WE ARE YOUR LIFE HELPER Provide real-time weather and forecast based on your current location or any location in the world. Accurate & Detailed Amber Weather provides pinpoint weather information and 7x24 forecasts for users to better plan a day. Convenient Offer weather widgets, notifications and live wallpapers, so that you can check weather info with a glance without opening the app! Personalized Offer weather widgets, notifications and live wallpapers in different styles and themes. There must be one satisfying your customization need! Life Helper Based on local weather conditions, Amber Weather provides weather tips in a simple and informative weather card for you to better plan daily routines and travels. ACCURATE & DETAILED Weather Forecast: Offer hourly, daily, monthly and yearly  weather forecast. Detailed Weather Info: current temperature, wind speed & direction, humidity, UV, atmospheric pressure, air quality index (AQI), dew point, visibility, and etc. CONVENIENT WEATHER WIDGETS Download and apply weather widgets to your Home Screen to get weather info after you unlock your phone. NOTIFICATION THEMES Enable Notification option in Amber Weather to get local weather info by checking your notification list. WEATHER LIVE WALLPAPER Live Wallpaper changes according to real-time weather conditions, showing you weather details by double-tapping it. PERSONALIZED Weather Widgets More than 100 weather and clock widgets in different themes for you to choose from. Multi-language support Amber Weather has been translated into over 30 languages. Amber Weather Video Screenshots 40000000+ Downloads 200000+ Top Rates 50000+ Likes Why Do People Love Us Accurate Forecast Nice widgets with accurate weather info. But it could been the best weather app if these are taken care (1) percent of chances of precipitation on hourly forecast (2) detailed weather summary in seven day forecast. Thank you anyway for a great app like this! shubham sharma From Google Play Best Weather App!! :) It's the best weather app which keeps me updated with the weather condition of my city. It has a great UI & can be customized according to my will!! :) Marz Tang From Google Play Better than any stock app. The widget is the biggest plus of this app. The quick action is really useful and looks awesome with the transparent skin. Smart alert is awesome! Ashly From Google Play The best. This is the best weather app ever... I really mean that. You guys just nailed it. It offers everything a user might need. And the best part about it is that it does everything and still keeping it... The themes are just awesome. You guys deserve it and thanks dev team. For this app. Just don't make it worse by updates as many others do. 😊😉 Shawn From Google Play Stay tuned If you have any advice or suggestions, please send your feedback to support@amberweather.com. Your feedback will be fully appreciated. We are looking forward to improving our product with your help. Download App Download for Apple iOS Download from Google Play © 2016-2020 Amber Weather™ All right reserved by AMBER MOBILE LIMITED 京ICP备19020609号 × × Contact