AMC | Watch TV Shows & Movies Online | Stream Current Episodes Schedule AMC Talk AMC SHOP GET AMC+ Binge Season 1 Talamasca: The Secret Order This series follows Guy Anatole as he joins the clandestine world of the Talamasca, an international spy agency for the immortal universe, as he searches for answers to his family's own part in the supernatural world. Explore Episodes Latest Episodes S1, E25 Show Me More Go behind-the-scenes of Talamasca, featuring stars Nicholas Denton, Elizabeth McGovern and more. S1, E6 Talamasca: The Secret Order In the wake of Jasper's actions against the Maida Vale, Ridge takes suspects into police custody. Helen discovers something important about her past. The truth of the 752 comes to light. S1, E5 Talamasca: The Secret Order Jasper and Guy come head to head at the London Mother House. Helen's motives are questioned. Guy and Doris become closer. Loren and Ridge are on the verge of discovering an important revelation. S1, E4 Talamasca: The Secret Order Guy breaks from his undercover identity and comes face to face with Jasper. Jasper puts Guy on a mission to find the Seven Five Two in the hotel of a local vampire coven. Helen continues to investigate her past. S1, E3 Talamasca: The Secret Order Guy questions his trust in Helen and the Talamasca in the wake of a dangerous mission. Helen tells Guy the story of the Seven Five Two and its place in the history of the supernatural world. New information comes to light. S1, E2 Talamasca: The Secret Order Guy joins the Talamasca, leaving his old life as a lawyer behind. Helen trains him on the ins and outs of undercover work. Guy is sent to London on his first mission - to follow a mysterious hit man. S1, E1 Talamasca: The Secret Order Guy is recruited to join a top-secret spy organization for the supernatural world. He must choose between his old life in the ordinary world and a new life as an undercover spy. Helen deals with trouble at the New York Mother House. S1, E24 Show Me More Norman Reedus, Melissa McBride and show creators offer a behind-the-scenes look at the making of Season 3. Featured Shows Premieres January 15 TNA iMPACT! TNA Wrestling stars compete each week inside the ring for pride and glory - and championship belts. The non-stop action features pro wrestling legends, such as The Hardys and Nic Nemeth, and rising stars such as Leon Slater. Limited Series Event Premieres February 1 Rise of the 49ers This epic docuseries chronicles the San Francisco 49ers’ rise from overlooked underdogs to legendary champions in the ‘80s and early ’90s. Featuring rare archival footage, behind-the-scenes clips, and interviews with Hall of Fame icons, it offers an intimate look inside the Bill Walsh-led dynasty that revolutionized modern football. Binge Season 1 Talamasca: The Secret Order This series follows Guy Anatole as he joins the clandestine world of the Talamasca, an international spy agency for the immortal universe, as he searches for answers to his family's own part in the supernatural world. Show Me More An exclusive backstage pass to AMC's hit shows, featuring never-before-seen footage, access to favorite cast and show creators, and sneak peeks of what's to come. New Series Coming in 2026 The Vampire Lestat Resentful of the perfunctory portrayal in the trashy bestseller “Interview with the Vampire,” the Vampire Lestat (Sam Reid) sets his story straight in a way only he can — by starting a band and going on tour. New Season Coming in 2026 — Catch Up on AMC+ Interview With The Vampire From the executive producer of Breaking Bad & Better Call Saul, this dark, sumptuous retelling of Anne Rice’s iconic novel follows an epic story of love, blood, and immortality. Catch Up On AMC+ Nautilus Nemo steals a formidable prototype submarine and escapes into the Indian ocean with a ragtag crew, determined to enact revenge against the ruthless East India Mercantile Company. Catch Up On AMC+ The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon Daryl Dixon and Carol Peletier confront old demons in their fight to reunite with each other halfway around the world and protect the people they love. Watch All Seasons on AMC+ The Walking Dead: Dead City Maggie and Negan travel to post-apocalyptic Manhattan – a crumbling city filled with the dead and denizens who have made it a world full of anarchy, danger, beauty, and terror. Watch Seasons 1 and 2 on AMC+. Watch on AMC+ The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live The love story of Rick and Michonne is changed by a changed world. Can they find each other and who they were in a situation unlike any they've ever known? Watch All Seasons on AMC+ Mayfair Witches Based on Anne Rice’s bestseller, this dark drama follows a neurosurgeon who learns she is heir to a family of witches. Starring Alexandra Daddario (The White Lotus) and Harry Hamlin (Mad Men). Watch All Seasons on AMC+ Dark Winds A thrilling Southwestern Noir from George R.R. Martin and Robert Redford that follows Lieutenant Joe Leaphorn and his Navajo Tribal Police deputies as they investigate a series of crimes. Watch Seasons 1 and 2 on AMC+. The Walking Dead: Best of Maggie Rewatch Maggie's greatest moments with a collection of her iconic episodes from The Walking Dead. The Walking Dead: Best of Negan Look back at Negan's biggest moments with a collection of his iconic episodes from The Walking Dead. The Walking Dead: Best of Daryl Relive Daryl's legendary moments with a collection of his most iconic episodes from The Walking Dead. The Walking Dead: Best of Carol Relive Carol’s best moments with a collection of her most iconic episodes from The Walking Dead. Fear the Walking Dead: Best of Alicia Relive Alicia's best moments with a collection of her iconic episodes from Fear the Walking Dead. Fear the Walking Dead: Best of Madison Relive Madison's best moments with a collection of her iconic episodes from Fear the Walking Dead. Fear the Walking Dead: Best of Strand Relive Strand's best moments with a collection of his iconic episodes from Fear the Walking Dead. Fear the Walking Dead: Best of Troy Relive Troy's best moments with a collection of his iconic episodes from Fear the Walking Dead. Watch Free Fear the Walking Dead: Dead in the Water Riley (Nick Stahl) is serving as a weapons officer aboard the USS Pennsylvania near the Gulf of Mexico when a mysterious outbreak forces the crew to strategize a way off the sub before it becomes their tomb, in this prequel to Fear the Walking Dead. Watch Free Bottomless Brunch at Colman's Each week, Fear the Walking Dead's Colman Domingo will send a couple of friends all the mixings for a cocktail of choice, have them make something delicious and invite them to brunch, and he's inviting you too. Watch Free You Are Here YOU ARE HERE is a travel memoir series hosted by award-winning actor, playwright and director Colman Domingo, who takes us on an intimate tour of the cities, places and hidden spots that hold special meaning in his life story. Watch Free The Althea Tapes In this digital companion series, Al interviews survivors and reveals why her interviews are so important. Watch Free Generation Dead: The Walking Dead Fan Documentary This documentary follows a father and son as they visit the real-life locations of the show they love - The Walking Dead. Plus, diehard fans of TWD express the deep connections they feel for the characters and the difficulty in saying "goodbye." Obsessed with The Vampire In this "Interview With The Vampire" after-show, host Cameron Esposito is joined by a panel of celebrity fans, show talent, and vampire aficionados as they sink their teeth into all things "Vampire." Watch Free Better Call Saul Presents: Slippin' Jimmy Before Saul Goodman, a criminal lawyer, before Jimmy McGill, a lawyer you can trust, there was: Slippin' Jimmy! He's a sly young slickster trying to make it through Catholic school without landing himself and his best pal Marco in detention again. Watch Free Better Call Saul Employee Training In this Emmy-winning web series, Gustavo Fring, Mike Ehrmantraut and Kim Wexler share tips for how to excel in the modern workplace, whether you're managing a fast food franchise, running corporate security or maintaining legal ethics. Watch Full Episodes Comic Book Men AMC's new unscripted series Comic Book Men follows the antics in and around master fanboy Kevin Smith's New Jersey comic shop where staff and customers geek out over pop culture artifacts and the legends behind them. Watch Free The Broken and the Bad Hosted By Giancarlo Esposito Hosted by Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul star Giancarlo Esposito and inspired by the Better Call Saul and Breaking Bad universe the docuseries focuses on the real-world stories that mirror the fictional worlds of both shows. AMC Shop Interview With The Vampire Lestat Roadie Tote Bag $32.95 Interview With The Vampire Armand Pillow $36.95 Anne Rice's Interview with the Vampire Lestat Large Logo T-Shirt $26.95 Anne Rice's Interview With The Vampire Family Portrait Poster $39.95 Interview With The Vampire Lestat Pillow $36.95 Shudder Logo Hoodie $49.95 Shudder Logo All Over Print Joggers $83.95 Anne Rice's Interview With the Vampire Theatre Des Vampires Bomber Jacket $97.95 Anne Rice's Interview With The Vampire Love Wins Adult T-Shirt $26.95 Turn: Washington's Spies Logo Adult Short Sleeve T-Shirt $26.95 Featured Extras The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon Finale Scene Carol and Daryl have made it this far, but the past still keeps them up at night. The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon season finale drops Sunday, 10/19 on AMC & AMC+. The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon | Greetings from the Season 4 Set Say hello to the cast and crew of The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon live from set in Spain! The fourth and final season is coming to AMC & AMC+. Talamasca: The Secret Order: Just How Much Does Daniel Molloy Know? Who exactly is Anna Leamas and why would the Talamasca have put her name in Molloy's book? The first two episodes of Talamasca : The Secret Order premiere October 26 on AMC and AMC+. A First Look Behind-the-Scenes of Talamasca: The Secret Order Cast and show creators offer a taste of what’s to come in Anne Rice’s Talamasca: The Secret Order, featuring exclusive interviews with stars Nicholas Denton, Elizabeth McGovern, William Fichtner and more. AMC Talk Watch the Season 4 Teaser For Critically-Acclaimed Noir Thriller Dark Winds December 22, 2025 Watch The Official Trailer for Rise of the 49ers Narrated by Tom Brady December 4, 2025 AMC Networks Is Now the Exclusive Home of TNA Wrestling's Flagship Show, "Thursday Night iMPACT!" December 2, 2025 Rockstar Lestat Is Ready For His Close-Up In New BTS Teaser November 7, 2025 Anne Rice’s Talamasca: The Secret Order Q&A — Nicholas Denton’s Guy Refuses to Get Played November 4, 2025 The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon Q&A — Norman Reedus on the Real Theme of Season 3 October 15, 2025 Shop TWD Universe The Walking Dead 15th Anniversary Trucker Hat $29.95 The Walking Dead 15th Anniversary Comfort Colors T-Shirt Character Mashup $27.95 The Walking Dead 15th Anniversary Badge Trucker Hat $29.95 The Walking Dead Hoodie 15th Anniversary Resurrected $49.95 The Walking Dead T-Shirt 15th Anniversary Resurrected $26.95 The Walking Dead Rocks Glass 15th Anniversary Peach Schnapps $18.95 The Walking Dead Pint Glass 15th Anniversary Peach Schnapps $26.95 The Walking Dead Tote Bag 15th Anniversary Hot Diggity Dog $32.95 The Walking Dead Raglan Shirt 15th Anniversary Hot Diggity Dog $29.95 The Walking Dead Ringer Tee 15th Anniversary Hot Diggity Dog $30.95 Popular Movies The Holiday Two women meet on the internet and swap houses for the Christmas holiday discovering that a change of address really can change your life. Scrooged High-spirited high jinks on Christmas Eve put Frank Cross (Bill Murray) in a ghostly time warp in this hilarious take-off of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol." White Christmas Bob and Phil became a top-notch musical comedy team after the war and are now the toast of Broadway. While on the road in Florida, Bob and Phil become involved with two aspiring singers. The Christmas Shoes A workaholic attorney rediscovers the true meaning of love and the holiday season after he crosses paths with a boy. Deck the Halls A new neighbor sets out to put so many Christmas lights on his house that they'll be seen in space. March of the Wooden Soldiers Ollie Dee and Stanley Dum try and fail to pay-off Mother Peep's mortgage and mislead his attempts to marry Little Bo. Enraged, evil Barnaby's Bogeymen are set on Toyland. Love the Coopers A chaotic Christmas gathering of four generations leads to a rekindling of family ties and the magic of the holiday season in this heartwarming romantic comedy. Santa Claus: The Movie Santa (David Huddleston) and elf (Dudley Moore) foil a New York toy manufacturer's (John Lithgow) scheme to get rich off Christmas. follow AMC quick links All Shows All Movies All Episodes Schedule AMC Talk AMC Shop TWDU Shop ways to watch iOS App Android App Apple TV Fire TV Roku AMC+ need help? FAQs Advertise Press Careers TV Parental Guidelines Privacy Cookies Terms & Conditions Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Copyright © 2010-2026 AMC Networks Entertainment LLC. All rights reserved.