Boost your business' efficiency
The most agile and robust process management platform, designed to optimize and automate your business' processes.
Login to start working
Plan. Monitor. Automate. Deliver.
Start Today
Core Platform
A multi-organization cloud solution with web and mobile intuitive interfaces allow multiple working groups internal and external to collaborate over a solid workflow engine under a user-friendly environment. TechInsights performs millions of actions over tasks, milestones, notifications, reports and dashboards in a quick and efficient way.
Workflow Management
A solid workflow engine that allows companies to automate their most challenging business processes and provides a robust set of tools, to accomplish human and automation tasks, while measuring and improving through extensive process analytics.
Reports & Analytics
An advanced embedded reporting system comprising widgets and real-time dashboards is available and fully manageable by project administrators. Complete transparency with process, teams and users performance analytics available and personalized for different stakeholder roles.
Notifications
A high-level system with custom, scheduled and on-demand actions as well as instant, personalized notifications over a variety of channels (email, SMS, push-notifications) is applicable. A whole automated proactive system is by default set up to help every user avoid missing SLA obligations.
Task & Milestone Management
More efficient work assignment is organized with tasks for reaching goals, group collaboration and knowledge sharing, while a parallel process with record tracking flows mainly used on financial information progresses visibility in terms of meeting predefined milestone's goals and conditions.
Automations
TechInsights module Crosslink is microservice platform enables RPA, ML and AI automations, to boost process efficiency. Unified task management empowers a smooth transition from human tasks to zero-touch automations.
Industries & Services

TechInsights allows enterprises to quickly build and evolve projects to meet their customer and employee needs
and drive digital transformation on a business scale.

Telecommunications
Communication Service Providers
Site Survey
Site Integration
Site Audit
Alarm & KPI Validation
Drive (SSD/SSV) & Driverless Test
Site Compliance & Acceptance
Site Optimization
Construction Management
Inventory & Stock Management
Change Management
Device Compliance
Other
Power & Utilities
Financial Services
Wealth Management
Communications
Limitless Αccess from Εverywhere

TechInsights dedicated team of experts work with clients to provide customized solutions
based on the business processes, workflows, existing systems and reporting requirements.

People Experience Share With Us
“With automated TechInsights tasks and fully custom configured workflows, we managed to reduce valuable time up to 30% of rote manual work in our field operations and streamline our data tracking processes.”
Major Carrier
Field Engineering Manager
“TechInsights has made tracking the mod work extremely manageable! Prior to this, we were facing a significant challenge keeping records of multiple emails, from multiple parties. With PAG now, it’s all centralized.”
Major Carrier
Operations Manager
“Clients around the world having active digital business transformation plans find in TechInsights a powerful ally helping them to move into zero-touch automations through platform's continuous evolution.”
Amdocs
Software Services Business Leader
“With automated TechInsights tasks and fully custom configured workflows, we managed to reduce valuable time up to 30% of rote manual work in our field operations and streamline our data tracking processes.”
Major Carrier
Field Engineering Manager
“TechInsights has made tracking the mod work extremely manageable! Prior to this, we were facing a significant challenge keeping records of multiple emails, from multiple parties. With PAG now, it’s all centralized.”
Major Carrier
Operations Manager
“Clients around the world having active digital business transformation plans find in TechInsights a powerful ally helping them to move into zero-touch automations through platform's continuous evolution.”
Amdocs
Software Services Business Leader
“With automated TechInsights tasks and fully custom configured workflows, we managed to reduce valuable time up to 30% of rote manual work in our field operations and streamline our data tracking processes.”
Major Carrier
Field Engineering Manager
A recognized leading software and services provider to the world’s most successful communications and media companies, Amdocs purpose is to enrich lives and progress society with creativity and technology. TechInsights in line with that purpose, empowers enterprise digital transformation and operational efficiency.
Links
About
5G Fast Catalog
Datasheet
News
Why Amdocs
All Locations
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Contact Us

47 Agiou Konstantinou Marousi, Attica 15124, Greece

Sector-21, Old Delhi-Gurgaon Road Dundahera, Gurgaon 122001, India

2301 N Greenville Ave Richardson, TX 75082, USA

© 2025 Amdocs. All rights reserved