Home - American Gaming Association Advocacy Our Impact Research Overview State of Play Map Revenue Trends Responsibility Overview Responsible Play Play Smart from the Start Have A Game Plan Membership News Events Overview G2E Search We are the united commercial gaming tribal gaming gaming supplier sports betting casino gaming industry ensuring legal gaming thrives About Our Members Growing economies Creating opportunity Fostering diversity Learn about Membership Responsible Gaming Empowering players Meeting high regulatory standards Advertising responsibly Learn about Responsible Gaming Sports Event Contracts Fighting sports event contracts Defending state regulatory authority Protecting consumers and sports integrity Learn the Facts About Gaming The gaming industry has an expansive impact on the U.S. economy — providing stable jobs and generating billions of dollars in tax revenue. Learn about Gaming 46 states with legal gaming operators and suppliers 1.8M jobs supported $329B annual economic impact Learn about Gaming State of Play Explore more state-by-state details on gaming across the U.S. Explore more details on gaming across the U.S. by clicking on a state in the dropdown menu below. States National Overview National Overview Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Dakota Tennessee Texas Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Legal (47) Not Legal (4) Economic Impact $328.6 Billion Jobs Supported 1.8 Million Tax Impact & Tribal Revenue Share $52.7 Billion Legal Landscape as of Feb. 27, 2025 For a list of legal sports betting operators, click here. Did you know? Sports betting is live and legal in 38 states and D.C. Did you know? There are 1,011 casinos across 46 states. The Latest Read the latest on gaming’s vital role as an economic engine and community partner. Commercial Gaming Revenue Tracker NATIONWIDE COMMERCIAL GAMING FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE DATA

Topline Trends
October Revenue Rebounds After Soft September: U.S. commercial gaming revenue grew 17.0% year-over-year in October, reaching $6.81 bill... View Resource National Human Trafficking Prevention Month 2026 January is National Human Trafficking Prevention Month and the gaming industry is committed to combating human trafficking in all its forms.
The AGA is taking the lead to provide tools for the gaming industr... View Event Responsible Gaming Committee Meeting The Responsible Gaming Committee provides a forum for industry leaders to discuss and develop industry practices and strategies around responsible gaming, corporate social responsibility, diversity and inclu... View Event Contact Careers Staff Have a Game Plan G2E Privacy Policy Terms of Use AGA Newsletter Hear the latest on advocacy, research, and industry updates by signing up. " * " indicates required fields First Name * Last Name * Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Submit 2026 American Gaming Association, All Rights Reserved. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.