America Magazine - Catholic news and analysis Close Subscribe Log in My Account Search for: Search Politics Open dropdown menu Opinion Editorials International U.S. Politics Culture Open dropdown menu Books Film TV Ideas Faith Open dropdown menu Faith in Focus Faith and Reason Prayer Spirituality Jesuitical Podcast Vatican Open dropdown menu Vatican Dispatch Vatican News Pope Leo XIV Inside the Vatican Podcast Scripture Open dropdown menu Scripture Reflections The Word The Good Word Preach Podcast Podcasts Open dropdown menu The Spiritual Life Jesuitical Inside the Vatican Preach Hark! All Podcasts Magazine Open dropdown menu All issues Donate Sections Politics Faith Culture Vatican Scripture Podcasts More from America Podcasts Video Newsletters Events Voices YouTube Mobile App About Us Careers Contact Us Print Edition January 2026 Past Issues January 2026 Current Issue Facebook X YouTube Instagram Close Sections Politics Faith Culture Vatican Scripture Podcasts More from America Podcasts Video Newsletters Events Voices YouTube Mobile App About Us Careers Contact Us Print Edition January 2026 Past Issues January 2026 Current Issue Facebook X YouTube Instagram Skip to content Menu Donate America Magazine The Jesuit Review Subscribe Log in My Account Open Search Search for: Search Subscribe Menu Politics Open dropdown menu Opinion Editorials International U.S. Politics Culture Open dropdown menu Books Film TV Ideas Faith Open dropdown menu Faith in Focus Faith and Reason Prayer Spirituality Jesuitical Podcast Vatican Open dropdown menu Vatican Dispatch Vatican News Pope Leo XIV Inside the Vatican Podcast Scripture Open dropdown menu Scripture Reflections The Word The Good Word Preach Podcast Podcasts Open dropdown menu The Spiritual Life Jesuitical Inside the Vatican Preach Hark! All Podcasts Magazine Open dropdown menu All issues Home Faith in Focus The ministry that serves Catholic singles Dating in one’s 30s, 40s and beyond can bring its own challenges, especially while juggling a full-time career. And for many, the dating apps simply are not working. by Anna Keating News As a year of two popes ends, Catholics and the world watch as Leo takes charge by Claire Giangravé – Religion News Service Catholic Book Club Another year over, a new one just begun: ‘America’ on N.Y.E. by James T. Keane A beautiful spectacle, staged in the heart by Terrance Klein A Jesuit Navy chaplain witnesses the healing power of sacraments for military personnel with PTSD by Christopher Krall, S.J. Why is New Year’s Day a holy day of obligation? by Jenna Marie Cooper There is room for Jesus: a Christmas homily on what Luke’s Gospel really says by Preach Sign up for America Today Your daily guide to the most important stories from the church and the world— delivered to your inbox every day. See more newsletters . Sign up Magazine Past issues January 2026 Read Deeply. Reflect Faithfully. Enjoy unlimited access to every article in America across print and digital Subscribe Podcasts See all Roundtable: Pope Leo’s first Christmas address to the Vatican Curia by Inside the Vatican O Little Town of Bethlehem: written for children in the aftermath of war, then and now by Hark! The stories behind our favorite Christmas carols Quiz: Christmas Carol History (Part 4) by Hark! The stories behind our favorite Christmas carols Saint baby names and the best pilgrimage sites: Your questions for Jesuitical, answered by Jesuitical Donation America is more than a magazine. It’s a Catholic community built on faith, thought and dialogue. Help us carry it forward. Donate More from America See all An Epiphany for all by Gina Hens-Piazza December 30, 2025 December 30, 2025 Vatican says close to 3 million people saw Pope Leo at the Vatican in 2025 by Cindy Wooden December 30, 2025 December 30, 2025 How to become God’s dream for you by Terrance Klein December 30, 2025 December 30, 2025 In ‘La Grazia,’ an Italian president faces a moral test on euthanasia by Ryan Di Corpo December 30, 2025 December 30, 2025 Man Ray and the spiritual power of surrealist art by Nick Leeper S.J. December 30, 2025 December 30, 2025 Recommended for you News Czech archdiocese welcomes pioneering ‘3D church’ by Jonathan Luxmoore – OSV News News Faith leaders who died in 2025: Pope Francis, theologians and activists by Adelle Banks – Religion News Service News As Holy Doors close, cardinals emphasize God’s arms are always open by Cindy Wooden – Catholic News Service News Nigerian Catholic Church leaders give mixed reaction to US airstrikes by Fredrick Nzwili – OSV News and Ngala Killian Chimtom – OSV News Most Popular Where is God in the liturgy? A way forward for reform and renewal The Constitution does not enforce itself. Pope Leo in Christmas address to Vatican officials asks: ‘Is it possible to be friends in the Roman Curia?’ The ministry that serves Catholic singles Faith leaders who died in 2025: Pope Francis, theologians and activists Videos See all Podcast Trailer | Hark! The Stories Behind Our Favorite Christmas Carols What Pope Leo XIV’s speedy election means for the Catholic Church May 10, 2025 Sign up for America Today Your daily guide to the most important stories from the Church and around the world – delivered to your inbox each morning. See more newsletters Sign up Cover Story Art To see as Mary sees: Marian art in an age of distraction Marian art shows that distractability is itself a form of attention, one that is essential to living a Christian life. by Jonathan Malesic Podcasts See all Jesuitical See latest episodes Inside the Vatican See latest episodes The Spiritual Life with Fr. James Martin, S.J. See latest episodes Hark! The stories behind our favorite Christmas carols See latest episodes Preach: The Catholic Homilies Podcast See latest episodes Events and Webinars See all Community Join us: A Journey into the Heart and Soul of Ireland September 2, 2025 September 2, 2025 Community Conclave Debrief, Continued: Answering Your Questions June 6, 2025 Community VIDEO | Pope Leo’s first month: Your questions answered On June 9, America Media’s team of experts hosted an exclusive, subscriber-only event to answer your specific questions about Pope Leo XIV, the conclave and this historic time in our church. June 10, 2025 CURRENT ISSUE • Vol. 233 / No. 5 December 2025 See current issue Subscribe Featured Articles What we’ve lost by abandoning international aid I found the heart of Christmas in the remains of an old English cathedral The Mass is a constant. But we experience it differently over time. Lessons from Catholics who have faced great suffering—but remained pilgrims of hope More stories Pope Leo and valuing the work of women in the church See more > Vatican hosts prisoners for final Jubilee Year event More Videos See all Vatican hosts prisoners for final Jubilee Year event December 18, 2025 December 18, 2025 Preaching (and living) Advent without rushing to Christmas December 16, 2025 December 16, 2025 Scripture Reflections Treasuring our Christmas memories A Reflection for the Nativity of the Lord, Christmas Mass at Dawn, by Sam Sawyer, S.J. by Sam Sawyer, S.J. More from Scripture Treasuring our Christmas memories See more > Vatican Dispatch Open your hearts to baby Jesus and one another, Pope Leo says on Christmas In celebrating the morning liturgy publicly, Pope Leo restored a tradition that had lapsed for 30 years. by Cindy Wooden – Catholic News Service Madwoman or prophet? ‘The Testament of Anne Lee’ presents a radical and threatening faith by John Dougherty ‘Marty Supreme’ review: Timothée Chalamet’s passage into cinematic adulthood by John Anderson America Today Your daily guide to the most important stories from the Church and around the world - delivered to your inbox each morning. See more newsletters Sign up January 2026 Faith. Culture. Perspective Support a trusted Catholic voice at the intersection of the Church and the world. Subscribe Politics See all Mass deportation, immigration and foreign aid chaos: the most-read stories in 2025 At Christmas, a reminder of Ireland’s persistent homelessness crisis Chicago Catholics seek to bring Communion to detained migrants on Christmas, ICE stays silent Faith See all Archbishop Lori: Lessons from the Jesuits for the United States at 250 The ‘Lone Ranger’ Jesuit up for sainthood: Pre-Vatican II Catholic or radical in a Roman collar? Pope Leo declares St. John Henry Newman a doctor of the church and co-patron of Catholic education Culture See all Rob Reiner’s gift: Finding humanity—both on and off the screen Review: The U.S. church today—and tomorrow Review: Slavery and American Jewish history Vatican See all Pope Leo in Christmas address to Vatican officials asks: ‘Is it possible to be friends in the Roman Curia?’ Pope Leo picks Chicago-born Ronald Hicks to follow Dolan in New York Church altar featuring homeless man goes on display near his grave at the Vatican Scripture See all Now is the time for preachers Different kinds of John the Baptists Our unexpected blessings Podcasts See all The First Noel: Why shepherds heard the Good News first Quiz: Christmas Carol History (Part 3) Evangelist or Catholic influencer? Spreading the Gospel in the digital age. Sections Faith Culture Scripture Politics Vatican Podcast About America About Us Careers Writing Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us Jesuit Vocations More Donate Subscribe Advertise Classifieds Marketplace America Today Your daily guide to the most important stories from the Church and around the world - delivered to your inbox each morning. See more newsletters Sign up Facebook X YouTube Instagram © 2025 America Press Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Powered by Newspack Donate Gift this article Close Link Copy link Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website