American Banker | Banking & Financial News & Analysis | American Banker Author Subscribe Log In Banking Commercial Consumer Community Industry & People News M&A Small Business Earnings Bank Industry Data Commercial Consumer Community Industry & People News M&A Small Business Earnings Bank Industry Data Policy Politics & Policy Regulation & Compliance Federal Reserve CFPB News & Analysis Fraud Politics & Policy Regulation & Compliance Federal Reserve CFPB News & Analysis Fraud Payments Intelligence Tech Technology Digital banking Fintech Cryptocurrency Digital Payments Cyber security Artificial intelligence Tech Exchange Technology Digital banking Fintech Cryptocurrency Digital Payments Cyber security Artificial intelligence Tech Exchange Credit Unions Credit Unions Opinion Credit Unions Opinion BankThink Events ON-CHAIN Executive Summit Payments Forum Digital Banking Small Business Banking Women in Banking All Events ON-CHAIN Executive Summit Payments Forum Digital Banking Small Business Banking Women in Banking All Events Resources Research Webinars & Whitepapers Podcasts Magazine Research Webinars & Whitepapers Podcasts Magazine Follow Us youtube twitter whatsapp linkedin facebook © 2025 Arizent. All rights reserved. Sections Subscribe Log In Show Search Search Query Submit Search Banking Commercial Consumer Community Industry & People News M&A Small Business Earnings Bank Industry Data Policy Politics & Policy Regulation & Compliance Federal Reserve CFPB News & Analysis Fraud Payments Intelligence Tech Technology Digital banking Fintech Cryptocurrency Digital Payments Cyber security Artificial intelligence Tech Exchange Credit Unions Credit Unions Opinion BankThink Events ON-CHAIN Executive Summit Payments Forum Digital Banking Small Business Banking Women in Banking All Events Resources Research Webinars & Whitepapers Podcasts Magazine Artificial Intelligence Cryptocurrency Earnings Regulatory Trump LEADERS On-Chain Finance Report Latest American Banker Market Intelligence Stablecoins will be a key element of banking infrastructure in 2026 American Banker OCC moves to limit toughest standards to megabanks American Banker The coming year will be pivotal for the Federal Reserve American Banker Mobile wallet trends for banks to watch in 2026 Call for Nominations American Banker The Most Powerful Women in Banking 2026: Call for nominations for Banking, Finance and Top Teams American Banker Apply for 2026 The Most Powerful Women in Banking and Finance NEXT ranking American Banker How to apply for the Best Places to Work in Fintech 2026 American Banker How to apply for The Most Innovative People in Finance American Banker How to apply for American Banker's Innovation of the Year 2026 Earnings American Banker Illinois community bank hopeful after year of restructuring American Banker BMO details strategy to improve US profitability American Banker TD has completed 'majority' of US AML remediation Regulatory American Banker Virginia's top bank cop for 28 years leaves national legacy American Banker It's all on the line for the CFPB in 2026 American Banker 2025 was a big year for a smaller FDIC National Mortgage News OCC proposing interest on escrow preemption moves PAYMENTS American Banker Top 10 payment stories of 2025 American Banker Visa, Fiserv boost agentic AI; UK tackles cash, card regs American Banker PNC adds tech from Extend to support virtual cards BANKTHINK Dave Martin Don't underestimate the marketing might of 'kid stuff' Gregory Schneider Congress must create legal clarity for decentralized blockchains Wayne Rushton In a welcome trend, banking supervision is coming back into balance RESEARCH American Banker Card and check schemes dominate bankers' fraud woes: Report American Banker Bankers intensify anti-fraud efforts as concerns grow American Banker Banks, credit unions turn to AI for customer service boost: Report American Banker Exclusive research Bankers predict 2026 will bring surprise advances in AI, crypto American Banker Exclusive research Bankers forecast 2026 upheaval in cybersecurity, regulation RESOURCES Online onboarding with 20 U.S banks: security vs usability Sponsor Content from iProov White Paper Smart pricing, strong margins: Using analytics to win the deposit game Partner Insights from Abrigo Guide Nacha 2026 fraud monitoring rules Partner Insights from Abrigo Web Seminar Built to compete: How commercial banks will win in 2026 Partner Insights from Alkami Web Seminar Predictions 2026: What will shape the next era of banking Partner Insights from Jack Henry CFPB News & Analysis Judge blocks effort to allow CFPB funding to run out U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson said the administration must request funds from the Federal Reserve, rejecting a Trump DOJ legal theory. By Ebrima Santos Sanneh 5h ago 3 Min Read SHARE THIS STORY Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Branch banking From cafés to Pokémon Go, banks rethink physical spaces Merger and acquisition activity between banks sprang back to life in 2025 after several years of muted dealmaking due to economic pressure, the fallout of an industry crisis and political uncertainty. By Nathan Place December 30 M&A OceanFirst to buy Flushing Financial, raise $225M from Warburg Pincus New Jersey-based OceanFirst Financial slid in its planned $579 million acquisition of Flushing Financial just before the end of the year. The private equity firm Warburg Pincus is also participating in the transaction. By Catherine Leffert 3h ago Credit unions 5 trends that shaped the credit union industry in 2025 Credit unions hit new highs in membership, deposits and loans in 2025. But it was also a chaotic year for the industry's governing body, and the sector faced renewed attacks by banks. By John Reosti 5h ago Earned Wage Access 2025 was a big year for earned wage access The year was marked with six state regulations, new entrants, product and market expansion from existing EWA providers and buy-in from investors. By Joey Pizzolato 7h ago IPOs Top 5 fintech IPOs of 2025 The fintech IPO drought ended this year with several large public exits by firms such as Chime, Klarna and Circle. By Melinda Huspen 8h ago BankThink Banks can fight back against stablecoins encroaching on payments There is a narrow window of opportunity for banks to position tokenized deposits as an alternative to stablecoins for customers seeking the convenience of cheap, blockchain-enabled payments. 9h ago James White Best Banks to Work For Employee relations Best Banks to Work For 2025 Best Banks to Work For These banks rely on their cultures to navigate thorny issues Pinnacle and Peapack-Gladstone have sought to preserve their corporate cultures during periods of major change. By John Reosti November 14 6 Min Read Community banking Best Banks to Work For 2025 Best Banks to Work For Best Banks to Work For 2025: More than $10B of assets Banks with more than $10 billion of assets made up 12% of American Banker's 2025 Best Banks to Work For list. By Allissa Kline November 14 2 Min Read Community banking Best Banks to Work For 2025 Best Banks to Work For Best Banks to Work For 2025: $3B to $10B of assets Of the 90 honorees on American Banker's 2025 Best Banks to Work For list, 28 had between $3 billion and $10 billion of assets. By Allissa Kline November 13 3 Min Read The Most Powerful Women in Banking Conference Blockchain On-Chain Finance Technology BNY 2025 Most Powerful Women in Banking BNY sees blockchain as future of finance infrastructure BNY's Carolyn Weinberg believes blockchain technology could be the key to an always-on operating system for the New York-based custody bank. By Melinda Huspen October 23 3 Min Read Technology Stablecoin 2025 Most Powerful Women in Banking How banks are finding business use cases for stablecoins Speakers at the Most Powerful Women in Banking conference Tuesday shared several scenarios in which banks will benefit from dollar-pegged cryptocurrency. By Melinda Huspen October 21 3 Min Read Career advancement 2025 Most Powerful Women in Banking Want to move on from banking? Build 'portable skills' At American Banker's Most Powerful Women in Banking Conference in New York City, former Most Powerful Women in Banking honorees said to build skills that you can take with you outside of a big bank, and that banks should reward risk-taking and building over incremental change. By Claire Williams October 21 2 Min Read Citi Consumer banking Credit cards 2025 Most Powerful Women in Banking Citi has 'moved on' from credit card complaints, exec says Some customers reportedly complained about getting locked out of their accounts after signing up for the bank's new Strata Elite credit card. "We feel like we have done the right thing for all of our good customers," Pam Habner, Citi's head of U.S. branded cards, said Tuesday. By Nathan Place October 24 4 Min Read Women in Banking 2025 Banking Women in Banking 2025 Most Powerful Women in Banking The Most Powerful Women in Banking: performance, resilience and the changing dynamics of leadership The 23rd annual ranking of women leaders in the banking industry. By Chana Schoenberger, Holly Sraeel October 7 5 Min Read Citi Women in Banking 2025 Most Powerful Women in Banking The Most Powerful Women in Banking's Life Time Achievement Award: Julie Monaco Public sector banking doesn't have a line on Citi's income statement. But Monaco's global influence is threaded throughout the bank's work with government finance ministries, central banks and other sovereign entities. By John Engen October 7 3 Min Read 2025 Most Powerful Women in Finance Women in Banking The Most Powerful Women in Finance Our annual list of the 25 top leaders in finance include three newcomers this year. By Mary Ellen Egan October 1 2 Min Read 2025 Most Powerful Women to Watch Women in Banking The Most Powerful Women in Banking's Women to Watch Our annual ranking of women in banking and finance includes five community bank CEOs. By Mary Ellen Egan September 24 1 Min Read 2025 Most Powerful Women in Banking Top Teams Bank of America U.S. Bank Ally Bank Women in Banking 2025 The Most Powerful Women in Banking Top Teams Each year, American Banker chooses five teams that embody the spirit of collaboration and illustrate how teamwork can have a substantial impact on a bank's top and bottom lines. By Mary Ellen Egan September 17 1 Min Read Most Powerful Women in Banking NEXT 2025 Women in Banking The Most Powerful Women in Banking NEXT 2025 For the first time, this list of banking's rising stars aged 40 and younger is presented in ranked order, highlighting the depth and performance of the industry's top talent. By Chana Schoenberger September 10 1 Min Read Top Performing Banks Commercial banking 2025 Top-Performing Banks The top-performing banks with more than $50B of assets Big banks with the strongest financial performance varied in asset size, geographies and services. By Catherine Leffert August 14 1 Min Read Commercial banking 2025 Top-Performing Banks Fee income Big banks show there's not just one recipe for success Each of the top-performing banks with more than $50 billion of assets used their own mix of revenue streams to drive performance. By Catherine Leffert August 14 4 Min Read Community banking Regional banks Commercial lending 2025 Top-Performing Banks The 10 top-performing banks with $10B to $50B of assets Growing loans was a tall order in 2024, but banks that could do just that were able to outperform their peers. By Catherine Leffert July 24 1 Min Read CEO pay Diversity and equality C-suite Corporate governance Industry News Compensation Banks back away from using DEI in determining executive pay The 5-year-old experiment of tying executive compensation to achieving diversity goals appears to be ending. The abrupt shift comes amid the Trump administration's crackdown on DEI. By Allissa Kline June 4 6 Min Read Regional banks M&A Compensation Recruiting Why smaller bank CEOs got bigger pay hikes in 2024 The CEOs of smaller regional banks received fatter bonuses last year than their big-bank counterparts, possibly thanks to low performance expectations at the smaller banks after the 2023 banking crisis. By Nathan Place June 2 3 Min Read C-suite Industry News Compensation These bank CEOs got the biggest pay raises last year The OCC's approval of SmartBiz buying a bank opens the door to other fintech M&A deals for accessing bank charters, which can help a fintech stay in business. By Catherine Leffert May 28 7 Min Read Innovation of the Year 2025 Fintech Bank technology Innovation of the Year 2025 Meet the honorees The 10 winning innovations span categories from AI and payments to risk and compliance. An overall winner will be announced at American Banker's Digital Banking event on June 2. By Penny Crosman May 6 12 Min Read Fintech Payments Technology Innovation of the Year 2025 Nubank's Under-18 accounts teach kids financial basics The Brazilian neobank expanded its bank accounts for minors with new features in 2024 by adding high-yield savings "boxes" and expanding parental controls. By Melinda Huspen May 28 5 Min Read Real-time payments Payments Technology Innovation of the Year 2025 United Bankers Bank brings real-time payments to small banks As real-time payments become more common, UBB's partnership with fintech Pidgin offers a roadmap for smaller banks to stay relevant. By Carter Pape May 27 6 Min Read Litigation Fraud Technology Innovation of the Year 2025 Western Alliance co-created tech blocks class action fraud As the class action lawsuit settlement industry became overwhelmed with fraud, a bank and a fraud scoring company teamed up to fight back. By Carter Pape May 23 5 Min Read Fraud in Banking Artificial intelligence Fraud Technology Data breaches Most-read technology articles of 2025 Stories about data breaches, fraud and one neobank were reader favorites this year. December 29 7 Min Read Fraud Credit unions Fraud prevention Technology Michigan credit union blocks fraud with deepfake detection Michigan State University Federal Credit Union avoided $2.57 million in fraud exposure through blocking AI deepfake fraud calls with Pindrop products. By Melinda Huspen December 23 5 Min Read Law and legal issues Fraud Technology Regulation and compliance St. Louis man sentenced to six years for check-fraud scheme Terron T. Brown used stolen mail and social media recruits to defraud banks such as PNC and Bank of America of millions, highlighting a rising industry threat. By Carter Pape December 22 6 Min Read The Most Influential Women in Payments Fintech Career planning Digital payments Payments Women in Payments Visa What experienced payment execs can pass to a new generation Most Influential Women in Payments honorees say the dramatic expansion in technology presents new opportunities and challenges as employers evolve away from traditional business models. By John Adams January 14 6 Min Read Artificial intelligence Blockchain Digital payments Payments Women in Payments Top payments execs on how to manage tech buzz Honorees from American Banker's Most Influential Women in Payments discuss spotting tangible uses for innovation, rather than buying into hype. By John Adams January 10 5 Min Read Payments Women in Payments The Most Influential Women in Payments, 2025 Each year, American Banker recognizes the women who are advancing the payments industry in banking, retail, acquiring, processing and more. By Editorial Staff January 9 1 Min Read Leadership 'Optimism is a moral duty': Paul Achleitner The former Deutsche Bank chair and Goldman Sachs partner shares some of the leadership principles in his new book. Sponsored by IntraFi Fintech Digit founder Ethan Bloch's new gig: AI for managing money The founder of Digit explains how he got into fintech and why he built an AI-meets-personal-finance app that launched in November. Sponsored by IntraFi More from American Banker M&A The 5 biggest bank M&A deals of 2025 Bank merger and acquisition activity rebounded this year, led by Fifth Third's $10.9 billion proposed purchase of Comerica. Huntington, PNC and Columbia were involved in some of the other biggest deals announced in 2025. By Catherine Leffert December 26 Cyber security The seven largest banking data breaches of 2025 From credit bureaus to software providers, 2025 saw attackers bypass bank defenses by targeting the supply chain and using social engineering. By Carter Pape December 26 Secondary markets FHLB borrowing share stayed range-bound in 2023 for most Fewer than 1% of members reported surges relative to total assets outside the normal range, making Silvergate's experience unusual, according to the GAO. By Bonnie Sinnock December 26 Politics and policy 5 times politics impacted banking in 2025 Banks typically prefer to steer clear of politics. But in 2025, politics would not steer clear of banks By Nathan Place December 25 Artificial intelligence How Brian Peret went from inmate to AI academy director CodeBoxx Academy is filling a void for banks and other companies that desperately need AI experts. Peret's time behind bars uniquely informed how he runs the school, he says. By Penny Crosman December 25 Opus CEO on the Power of AI in Redefining Payments and the Industry Outlook for 2024 Partner Insights from Opus Advances in Tech Orbipay Payments Hub Partner insights from Alacriti Transactional Intelligence partner insights from KlariVis AI in Banking Generative AI is Revolutionizing How Banks Approach Customer Experience Partner insights from Dell Technologies with NVIDIA Banking on Generative AI to Build Better Digital Experiences Partner insights from Dell Technologies with NVIDIA Transforming financial services with AI and edge computing Partner Insights from Dell Technologies with NVIDIA 23RD ANNUAL THE MOST POWERFUL WOMEN IN BANKING Meet The Most Powerful Women in Banking 2025, our annual ranking of the executives at the pinnacle of the industry. Download the American Banker app Follow Us googlenews twitter youtube applenews whatsapp facebook linkedin Subscription Options Enterprise Subscriptions Newsletters My Membership The Magazine RSS Feed Banker's Glossary Events About Us Privacy Policy AI Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services Resources Help Center Contact Us © 2025 Arizent. All rights reserved. © 2025 Arizent. All rights reserved.