Greeting Cards, Ecards & More | Try for Free | American Greetings Skip to content Start Free Trial Member Benefits Reminders New Year's Birthdays Trending Now Belated Birthdays Celebrities Peanuts Funny Birthday Personalized Popular Songs Cat Ecards Dog Ecards Seasonal Tones Funny Heartfelt Cute Inspirational Religious Romantic Spiritual Browse all Birthday For Her For Granddaughter For Daugther For Mother For Grandma For Aunt For Niece For Sister For Wife Browse all For Her For Him For Grandson For Son For Father For Grandpa For Uncle For Nephew For Brother For Husband Browse all For Him For Anyone For Family Members For Co-Workers For Friends For Kids Spanish Astrology Interactive Games & Quizzes Browse all For Anyone Collections Birthday Ecards Birthday SmashUps™ Birthday Creatacards Kathy Davis Talking SmashUps™ Type Any Name Occasions Popular Occasions Happy Birthday Belated Birthday Anniversary Thank You Thinking of You Wedding & Engagement Browse all Ecards Other Occasions Pet Sympathy Sorry Belated Birthday Encouragement Goodbye & Good Luck Friendship Get Well Soon Love You I Miss You Just Because Sympathy Say Congrats New Pet New Baby & Gender Reveal New Job Graduation New Home Work Anniversary Bar & Bat Mitzvah First Communion & Confirmation Retirement Browse all Congrats Collections SmashUps™ Creatacard™ Postcards JustWink Peanuts Dolly Parton Kathy Davis Browse all Ecards Browse our newest ecards! Holidays All the New Year wishes. One easy send. Pawty Like It’s 1999 with our New Year cards! While you’re here… spread the love! Upcoming Holidays Kwanzaa (12/26-1/1) Happy New Year (1/1) Día de los Reyes (1/6) MLK Day (1/19) Valentine's Day (2/14) Chinese New Year (2/17-3/3) Celebrate the Date | National Days Browse all Holidays Celebrities Just provide a name, and Rob Lowe will literally deliver a hilarious birthday wish. Pick a name and age, and let Kevin do the rest! Celebrities Kevin Bacon Rob Lowe Kevin Nealon Lainey Wilson Donny Osmond Martin Short Weird Al William Shatner Meghan Trainor Marlee Matlin Dolly Parton Cookie Monster Ice T Michael Bolton Idina Menzel Christina Aguilera Alicia Keys Ross Mathews Browse all Celebrities Gifts Gift Cards Songfinch Virgin Gifts More Digital Gifts Gipht Cameo Peanuts Advent Calendar Christmas Village Advent Calendar Browse all Digital Gifts Apps Sign In Sign In Celebrating Made Easy 4,000+ ecards $6.99 a month Unlimited sends Try 7 Days Free Happy New Year Birthdays Browse all Birthday Birthday for Her Birthday for Him Birthday SmashUps Birthday Creatacards Celebrities Popular Songs Birthday for Anyone Belated Birthday Funny Birthdays Heartfelt Birthday Cute Birthday Seasonal Birthdays Personalized Birthday Ecards Type Any Name Interactive & Games Talking Birthday SmashUps Birthday Ecards with Dogs Birthday Ecards with Cats Occasions Browse all Ecards Happy Birthday New Ecards Anniversary Thinking of You Thank You Belated Birthday Wedding & Engagement Pet Sympathy Sorry Encouragement Good Bye and Good Luck Friendship Get Well Love I Miss You Just Because Sympathy Congrats Categories Holidays Browse all Holidays Kwanzaa (12/26-1/1) Happy New Year (1/1) Día de los Reyes (1/6) MLK Day (1/19) Valentine's Day (2/14) Chinese New Year (2/17-3/3) Celebrate the Day | National Days Celebrities Rob Lowe Kevin Bacon Dolly Parton Ice T Donny Osmond Lainey Wilson Martin Short Alicia Keys Weird Al Christina Aguilera Cookie Monster Idina Menzel Kevin Nealon Marlee Matlin Meghan Trainor Michael Bolton Ross Mathews William Shatner Gifts Gift Cards Virgin Gifts Cameo Songfinch Gipht Brands Browse all Ecards SmashUps™ Creatacard™ Disney Peanuts Kathy Davis How It Works Calendar & Reminders Download the App Try 7 Days Free Browse all For Her For Wife For Sister For Niece For Aunt For Grandmother For Mother For Daughter For Granddaughter Browse all For Him For Husband For Brother For Nephew For Grandfather For Father For Son For Grandson Congratulations Browse all Congrats New Baby & Gender Reveal New Job Graduation New Home Bar and Bat Mitzvah Communion & Confirmation Happy Retirement New Year. More Cards. More Connection. Unlimited ecards for every occasion, birthday, holiday, and everything in between. Explore Cards New Year. More Cards. More Connection. Explore Cards Moments You’ll Never Miss Again Birthdays Happy New Year Thank You Anniversary Kwanzaa Get Well New Thinking of You Sympathy Congrats Miss You Wedding Retirement New Baby Birthdays Happy New Year Thank You Anniversary Kwanzaa Get Well New Thinking of You Sympathy Congrats Miss You Wedding Retirement New Baby Our Most-Loved Cards Birthday Happy New Year Preview 'Jungle Boogie' Birthday Smashup (Personalize) Preview Kevin Bacon Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) new foil Preview Your New Era Birthday Preview Prairie Dog Birthday Song (Personalize Lyrics) Preview 'I'm Into Something Good' Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Preview Dolly Parton Birthday Time Song (Personalize Lyrics) Preview Rob Lowe Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Preview 'It's Your Thing' Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Preview Happy Bark-day to You (Personalize) Preview Whoomp! (There It Is) Birthday SmashUp Preview Shout (Famous Song) (Personalize) Preview Birthday Cupcake Sparkles Preview Weird Al Yankovic Birthday SmashUp Preview Martin Short Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Preview Lainey Wilson 'Smell Like Smoke' Birthday SmashUp foil custom song Preview Your Day to Shine Browse all Birthday Preview I Like to Moooov It New Year Ecard (Famous Song) Preview The Beauty and the Wonder Preview Make It Great! Ecard Preview 2026 Happy New Year Ecard (Interactive) Preview New Beginnings, New Year animated music choice Preview New Year, New Beginning Preview Best New Year Ever Ecard Preview A Year that Sparkles and Shines Ecard (Famous Tune) Preview Bright & Beautiful Wishes Preview A New Year of Dreams Come True Ecard Preview Midnight Cheers for New Years (Interactive) Browse all Holidays Get One Week of Unlimited Sending On Us First time members can get started with a 7-day free trial. Cancel anytime. $6.99 a month Start your Free Trial Most Popular 1 Year |  $29.99 $2.50 a month Start your Free Trial Best Value 2 Years |  $39.99 $1.66 a month Start your Free Trial Your Favorite Characters & Celebrities From iconic classics to today’s most-loved personalities, find cards that they'll love. More Moments With 4,000+ ecards for birthdays, holidays and everything in between, an American Greetings membership makes it easy to celebrate every moment. From the big milestones to the everyday connections, you’ll always have the perfect card at your fingertips. Browse ecards More Moments More Convenient Unlimited access means you can send greetings anytime, anywhere. Schedule ahead, set reminders and send in just a few clicks—no stamps, no stress. Just simple and thoughtful connection. Try 7 Days Free More Convenient More Surprises Delight your friends and family with more than cards. From digital Advent calendars to eGift cards and other interactive experiences, membership gives you fun and unexpected ways to brighten someone’s day. Learn about gifting More Surprises What Our Members Are Saying “I love my American Greeting ecards! I can always send out timely cards to my friends and family. The designs are great! No matter the mood or occasion, I can always find just the right card! It's the one subscription that I will never cancel.” “Great way to avoid post office. These are so cute and saves trees. Also saves money on postage. The cost of the membership pays for itself.” “I have had my American Greetings Account for 15+ years and love making people smile when they receive a card.” “I love these cards. I can always find one that fits my feelings and the occasion. Don't change anything... but you are missing out if you don't have this program!” “American Greetings Ecards are great ways to let people know you care.” “ I love Ecards! Lots of choices for all kinds of occasions.” “I never thought I would get a monthly subscription for ecards - but my friend turned me onto it and it is the best kept secret.” “I absolutely LOVE this company! The cards are SO funny, clever, and different!” “All my friends, relatives just absolutely LOVE getting cards from me.” See How Easy It Is To Send A Card Choose Your Ecard With a membership, you have access to 4,000+ ecards. We have any occasion or holiday you are looking for. Personalize It We offer tons of customizations from name and age to adding videos, photos and custom messages. Email, Text or Share Instantly spread happiness. Plus, you can attach a gift card or any of our digital gifts too! See How Easy It Is To Send A Card Choose Your Ecard Personalize It Text, Share on Social or Email As Featured On Why Millions Choose Us Unlimited Sends No limits. Send as many cards as you want — anytime. 4,000+ Ecards Every style, every mood, every moment. Reminders Never forget a birthday or anniversary again. Schedule Ahead You schedule everything else in your life, why not schedule your birthday cards too? Every Holiday & Occasion From major holidays to tiny just-because moments. Personalization Add messages, photos, signatures & more. Last-Minute? No Problem. Download the American Greetings ecards app for festive cards and gifts on the go. Because the best surprises don’t need perfect timing. Last-Minute? No Problem. Frequently Asked Questions Can I send an ecard without becoming a member? American Greetings does offer a limited selection of free ecards. To locate them, type the word "free" in the search field at the top of the AmericanGreetings.com website. The word "free" will display with the title for each free card. You can also send any of our ecards for free when you sign up for a 7-day free trial membership . How do I send an ecard? Once you are signed in to AmericanGreetings.com, please follow the steps below to send an ecard: 1. Select an ecard. 2. Select "Personalize and Send." Note: If you do not see the "Personalize and Send" button or if the button is inactive, you may need to personalize the ecard first. 3. Add a personalized note for your recipient(s) in the text area on the next screen. You can adjust the font, size and color of your message by highlighting the text you wish to change or make your style selections before adding your message. 4. Select "Preview" to preview your message and ecard. To exit preview mode, select "close" at top right-hand corner. 5. Select "Share or Send" then select "Send By Email or Text." 6. Add your recipient(s) name and email address or phone number. You can also add this from your Address Book. 7. You can change the delivery date by pressing the calendar icon to the right of today's date. 8. Learn more about how to add a gift card to your ecard here . 9. Select "Send" to send your ecard. Congrats! You just made someone's day! How much does a membership cost? As a paid member, you can send as many ecards, SmashUps ™ and Creatacards from our extensive collection as you would like. All memberships include access to great benefits like: Send your ecards to any social platform Include gift cards with your ecard Personalize and print store-quality cards from home with Creatacard™ Member tools such as AI Messaging, Address Book, Reminder Service and prescheduled ecards PLUS much more! A membership can be purchased for $29.99 per year or just $39.99 for two years. Monthly memberships are also available for $6.99 each month. Taxes may apply. To sign up for our membership, please click “ Start Your Membership ” at the top of our website. You can also register for an account to send free cards. For more information about membership, please see our Member Benefits page. How does your 7-day free trial work? In order to allow our customers an opportunity to try our Products and Services, occasionally we offer a free trial during which customers register for Membership and enjoy many of the Membership benefits. If you sign up for a trial period and cancel during such trial period the payment information provided will not be billed. If you do not cancel during the trial period we will automatically charge your credit card the Subscription fee. About American Greetings For more than 100 years, American Greetings has helped the world become a more thoughtful and caring place. American Greetings has ecards , SmashUps™ and Creatacards you can email or print from home . All ecards and Creatacards are customizable and even free with your no-risk trial! Don't wait — join American Greetings to print out all the Christmas cards you need to mail, schedule birthday ecards for all your friends and much, much, more! The best part is that you can personalize and send any of our digital greetings for free with a 7-day trial membership . Subscribe to our emails for inspiration and new ideas, behind the scenes, what to write in a greeting card and free app downloads. American Greetings is here to help you make a meaningful connection with ecards and Creatacards for holidays, birthdays and everyday. Sign up for American Greetings Emails First Name Last Name Email (required) Sign Up By clicking "Sign up", you agree to receive emails from AmericanGreetings.com and accept our Terms of Service , Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy . Connect With Us! Download the App! Top Categories Ecards Birthday Ecards SmashUps™ Creatacard™ Digital Gifts Gift Cards Occasions Holidays Resources CA Residents - Privacy Notice Code of Business Conduct & Ethics Giveaways Inspiration Blog Member Benefits Order Status Promo Codes Our Company Corporate Home About Us Careers News Our Friends Bluemountain.com Peanuts Advent Calendar Contact Us FAQs Terms of Service Policies Do Not Sell or Share My Info Email Protection AmericanGreetings.com is a service of American Greetings Corporation. Copyright © 2025 AGC, LLC. All rights reserved. Search Member Benefits As low as $1.99 a month for unlimited sends and access to over 1,000 greetings! Create custom greetings with names, ages, occasions, messages and more. AI messaging assistance so you never have writer's block again. Access to all our apps! Learn more about the apps available with your membership. Get reminders for important dates and schedule cards up to a year in advance. Immediately attach a gift card from a wide variety of retailers. Welcome to American Greetings! Sign In with your email: Forgot Password? Enter your email address tied to your account below and we will email you instructions for creating
                a new password. If you no longer have access to the email address associated with your account, contact us for help. Email Password Show Forgot Password? Forgot Password? Remember me everytime I visit SIGN IN or Sign In with Google Sign In with Apple Not a member? Start your Free Trial Reset Password Choose a Card Pick a greeting below and your AI-generated message will be
                                                            attached
                                                            to the
                                                            card. Your AI Message Preview See your personalized message paired with your card below. Your AI Message Select Card Reminders calendar-star Today is Upcoming Holidays Happy New Year Jan 1 Día de los Reyes Jan 6 MLK Day Jan 19 Valentine's Day Feb 14 Chinese New Year Feb 17 Join or Sign in to create and view your birthday or anniversary reminders. Start your Free Trial Already a member? Sign In Attach a Gift to Your Card Choose from a variety of gift options to send with your ecard. Easily attach one after you personalize your card. Welcome to American Greetings Your Free Account Thank you for creating your free account. With this account, you have access to a limited amount of digital greetings for top occasions. If you would like to access premium offerings like SmashUps™ and Creatacard™, become a member today. Browse Free Cards or Become a member Free Member Celebrity SmashUps™ AI Messaging Schedule Ahead Add Gift Cards Join Now