Skip to main content
Skip to Find An Advisor
Navigate to Contact Us
Skip to footer
security
Online security guarantee
Customer Service
Find an Advisor
Log In
Home
What We Do
Products
Financial Goals & Priorities
News & Research
Search
Not all financial firms are the same

Could your financial life use a fresh perspective? Ameriprise Financial is here to help you reach your goals with greater confidence. 

Get started


Log in to your account

User ID
Password
Show
Log In
New User

Remember User ID


Forgot User ID or Password
Switching to Ameriprise

How does your current financial advisor compare? Discover what you might be missing with an initial complimentary consultation from an Ameriprise financial advisor.

Changing Financial Advisors
How a financial advisor can help you

Are you wondering what a financial advisor does and how they can help? Learn more about financial planning services and the benefits and value of working with a financial advisor.

Learn How a Financial Advisor Can Help
Top ratings in the investment industry

Ameriprise Financial is a longstanding leader in financial planning and advice. We've been recognized as one of the top financial advisor companies in the industry.

Award-winning service with a focus on clients
Recognized as a top workplace
Nationally recognized, top-tiered advisors

RETIREMENT PROFILES QUIZ

How do you envision your dream retirement?

Will you travel? Will you take up a new hobby? The Ameriprise® Retirement Profiles experience is a quick, enjoyable way to identify what's most important to you in retirement. 

Take our 3-minute quiz
Industry-leading insights and valuable financial planning resources
Insights
Online Access
Security

Two minutes on the Investment Research Group

When you work with Ameriprise, you and your financial advisor are backed by the Ameriprise Investment Research Group – a team of professionals that carefully watches market conditions, evaluates the impact to investments and provides guidance as developments occur. (2:00)

Play Video
Play
Mute
Current Time 
0:00
/
Duration 
2:00
Loaded: 0.00%
 
1x
Playback Rate
Captions
Quality Levels
Fullscreen
Our team of investment professionals provide objective research, actionable investment strategies and ongoing market and economic analysis. Read more insights.
Our financial advisors know that trust is a matter of work, not words.
Search for a financial advisor by ZIP Code
Enter 5-digit ZIP Code
Find my location
Search

Or, request an appointment online to speak with an advisor. 

Background and qualification information is available at FINRA's BrokerCheck website.

The Confident Retirement® approach is not indicative nor a guarantee of future financial results.

Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and its affiliates do not offer tax or legal advice. Consumers should consult with their tax advisor or attorney regarding their specific situation.
The initial consultation provides an overview of financial planning concepts. You will not receive written analysis and/or recommendations.
Ameriprise Financial cannot guarantee future financial results.
Investment products are not insured by the FDIC, NCUA or any federal agency, are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed by any financial institution, and involve investment risks including possible loss of principal and fluctuation in value.
Investment advisory products and services are made available through Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC, a registered investment adviser.
Securities offered by Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC. Member FINRA and SIPC.