AmerisourceBergen | United in our responsibility to create healthier futures menu toggle Manufacturer Solutions Provider Solutions Animal Health Solutions Distribution Careers Contact us Manufacturer Solutions Health Economics, Market Access & Regulatory Consulting Patient Access, Affordability & Adherence Services Global Storage, Transport & Outsourced Logistics Channel Strategy & Distribution Provider & GPO Experience DSCSA Provider Solutions Quality Care & Patient Experience Operational & Financial Performance Access & Purchasing Careers Animal Health Solutions Consulting & Education Veterinary Practice Optimization Livestock Management & Optimization Sourcing & Distribution Veterinary Client Engagement Technology Insights Newsroom Pharmaceutical Distribution The Sophisticated Supply Chain The Value of Distribution Fighting the Opioid Epidemic About Us Our Purpose Our People Our History Our Network Investors Foundation Advancing Public Policy Responding to Covid-19 Contact us Careers Facebook X LinkedIn Manufacturer Solutions Health Economics, Market Access & Regulatory Consulting Patient Access, Affordability & Adherence Services Global Storage, Transport & Outsourced Logistics Channel Strategy & Distribution Provider & GPO Experience DSCSA Provider Solutions Quality Care & Patient Experience Operational & Financial Performance Access & Purchasing Careers Animal Health Solutions Consulting & Education Veterinary Practice Optimization Livestock Management & Optimization Sourcing & Distribution Veterinary Client Engagement Technology Insights Newsroom Pharmaceutical Distribution The Sophisticated Supply Chain The Value of Distribution Fighting the Opioid Epidemic About Us Our Purpose Our People Our History Our Network Investors Foundation Advancing Public Policy Responding to Covid-19 Contact us Careers Facebook X LinkedIn As we continue to evolve our brand to Cencora, you will continue to see visual changes. We will be sunsetting amerisourcebergen.com over time and are actively moving content and information over to cencora.com. Please visit cencora.com if you can't find what you are looking for here. Visit Cencora We are now Cencora. Our shared identity unites us. Cencora brings the companies and services of AmerisourceBergen together under one new name. Meet Cencora Marketplace gives pharmacies access to thousands of uniquely curated front-of-store products We’re reimagining the procurement process by enabling pharmacies to source all the products they need from front to back through one convenient platform. Learn more We are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. As we pursue our purpose, we make a positive impact on the health of people and animals around the world. Pharmaceutical distribution solutions Our wholesale and specialty distribution services ensure that crucial medications efficiently, reliably and securely reach their destinations every day. Learn more Manufacturer solutions In addition to distribution and logistics, we help pharmaceutical manufacturers bring their products to market – and assist with each step from pre-commercial and clinical trial to broad market availability and patient adherence. Learn more Provider solutions Our solutions power patient care for pharmacies, physician practices, hospitals and health systems. Learn more Animal health solutions We deliver distribution, technology and innovation for veterinarians, livestock producers and manufacturers to make a meaningful difference in their businesses and the health of animals. Learn more In the news Read the latest press releases and media mentions. Explore newsroom Insights Access the newest in thought leadership. Explore insights Careers with purpose With a global presence and 44,000+ team members strong, AmerisourceBergen is committed to making a difference in the future of health. Explore careers Privacy Terms and Conditions Data Subject Request Careers LinkedIn X Facebook Instagram Contact us Copyright ©2025 AmerisourceBergen Corporation. All Rights Reserved. brand="Cencora" culture="EN"
        env="Production" tracker="False"