American Thinker Follow Us On American Thinker December 30, 2025 Login Subscribe Politics Immigration Foreign Policy Culture Economy HealthCare Religion Cartoons Submissions About Donate Trending: December 30, 2025 Login Subscribe Follow Us On Advertisement Articles A Nation of Englishmen, Actually Matt O'Brien | A woke new thesis claiming that the U.S. is a blank slate of origins and defined by different ethnic groups, is nonsense. Stop Apologizing For Being White Steve McCann | This Marxist-born racial attack bears no relationship to how American whites have fought for centuries to overcome racism and achieve equality. The Front Line of the Code War Julio Rivera | Cybercrime isn’t just about breaking systems anymore. It’s about breaking people. How Trump Can End the Ukraine War by Distancing from Zelensky and the EU Jerome R. Corsi | The EU is pushing for more war to try to prop up its economy, but Putin’s gains cannot be pushed back short of going nuclear (literally). The Racial Injustice of Sports Streaming Christopher Chantrill | What oppression in the world could match the oppression of not being able to watch your favorite team over the Christmas holidays as it battles towards the playoffs? Stossel Exposes the Five Biggest Lies of Socialistic Slavery D. Parker | Getting people to enslave themselves has always taken outright gaslighting and lies. John Stossel has the top five. American Thinker Blog Canard about illegals committing fewer crimes than other Americans gets blown apart from DHS data By Monica Showalter | Writing at the New York Post, John Lott shows how data are skewed to make illegals look like sweet little daisies. Piers Morgan shamelessly repeats a debunked falsehood about President Trump, again By Rajan Laad | Some may think that it’s time to move on because President Trump won an emphatic reelection last year, which proves voters are no longer deceived by these lies; but that is simply not good enough as it is a resignation to the premise set by the Democrats. The Democrats’ ‘party’ may finally be over By Andrea Widburg | With government funding drying up, grotesque corruption exposed, and conservative states figuring out jerrymandering, are the Democrats done? In Minnesota, they also steal votes By Joe Fried | Registration via “vouching” in the land of 10,000 lakes. Advertisement A word to the worried about our site redesign By Andrea Widburg | The first upgrade to the site’s appearance in almost 23 years wasn’t just a whim; it was a necessity. Illegal alien imam with substantial history of defrauding taxpayer coffer dies in ICE detention, and the left bemoans the loss By Olivia Murray | On the contrary, this is what I voted for. Study: When you omit all the welfare the Somalians use, they contribute more than they take By Olivia Murray | Yes, this is the “study” the Democrats used to justify third world migration. Blue bastions, not Trump’s GOP, fuel the affordability crisis By Joseph Ford Cotto | Regardless of blue rhetoric, the facts are in, and they show that red—not blue—creates green. Do audiobooks count as reading? By M. Walter | So I asked Google AI ... Divine design, not competitive equality By Christian Vezilj | Rediscovering the power of complementarity between the two sexes. Using tax law to accelerate deportations By Bradley Steffens | The Trump administration has had great success, but now it’s time to move on from the carrot to the stick. Officer Alexander Krohnfeldt, the face of Minnesota nice By Bill Ponton | There are many things to say about Nick Shirley’s report on the Somali fraud, but let’s talk about the cop who tried to chase him off. Woman charged again with silently praying near U.K. abortion facility By Eric Utter | If a person’s unspoken words, meaning, thoughts, can be grounds for punishment, it is game over for freedom and liberty. Hanson's warning By J.R. Dunn | Somebody has been producing and posting elaborate and well-made AI-generated videos purporting to originate from Victor Davis Hanson. If it's Sunday in Chicago By Silvio Canto, Jr. | What's another deadly weekend anyway? CBS Reporter: Press Calling SCOTUS corrupt is ‘false,’ ‘dangerous’ By Greg Richter | The Supreme Court has faced relentless criticism in recent years from many legacy media outlets and leftist activists. Remembering the iconic and iconoclastic Brigitte Bardot By Rajan Laad | She always marched to the beat of her own drum. 'Battle of the Sexes' another blow against feminism and 'transgender' lunacy By Selwyn Duke | The point about why men shouldn’t be in women’s sports is better made by citing 14-year-old boys beating the best female athletes. Is it finally quittin' time for the Iran's detested mullahs? By Monica Showalter | Big protests across Iran have the mullahs on their backfoot. MiGs and farmer's markets By Mike McDaniel | Today, I'm only thinking about my family, about how many people didn't even have a plate of food to eat, how they spent Christmas without electricity, without water, without motivation, and without hope. Christmas is Christian, White House tells Washington Post By Greg Richter | The Trump White House is defending its religious-focused Christmas greetings following criticism from The Washington Post. Marxists and Muslims: Defrauding Americans By Eric Utter | No one can honestly say 2025 was boring. Nor unimportant. However, it was not filled with sanity. High-speed rail: California tells off the Feds By Mike McDaniel | Perhaps California can turn all that pseudo-railroad construction into bike paths? CNN and MS NOW totally ignore the growing Minnesota fraud scandal involving Somali immigrants By Peter Barry Chowka | The blackout curtain is in full force on two of the nation’s mainstream news channels VIEW MORE Cartoons Click on image to enlarge ↑ VIEW MORE @ AMERICAN THINKER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Trending Advertisement Previous Articles The Good Year of 2025 Ben Voth | One of the most serious problems America and the world faces in the 21st century is an epistemic crisis where truth tellers cynically refuse to share the good news of humanity. Polling Signals Trouble for Democrats -- and Opportunity for Republicans Brian C. Joondeph | Polls show big trouble for Democrats. But polls are just signals, not guarantees. The GOP must not become complacent. How Jobs Become ‘Jobs Americans Just Won’t Do’ Douglas Flint | I’m seeing it happen in real time. Tucker Carlson: Pro-Islam, Anti-American, And Toxic For Republicans Joseph Ford Cotto | This is a man seething with resentment over the fact that his once-powerful WASP class no longer rules in America. We Can Call The NFL The ‘No Fidelity League Will O'Toole | NFL teams are constantly hunting for greener pastures and abandoning the fans and taxpayers who once supported them. The Founders’ Understanding Of The Phrase ‘Natural Born Citizen’ Button Gwinnett | For the Founders, only the children of citizens are themselves “natural born citizens.” Christmas Ends the Right’s Messy Week Clarice Feldman | The contretemps at TPUSA and Heritage are less significant than the Democrats’ legal and economic challenges. ‘Mental Health’ or ‘Evil’? Jack Kerwick | The murder of Rob Reiner and his wife puts in stark relief the dissonance between a mental health paradigm and an accountability paradigm. A Christmas Win for Parental Rights Charles J. Russo | Educators in the guise of activists, whether in California or elsewhere, however well-intentioned they may be, must honor the primacy of parental rights. Gold Alert: Stormy Times Ahead Thomas Kolbe | The gold price is racing from one all-time high to the next. That’s good news for friends of the precious metal and bad news for anyone still hoping for a stabilization of global debt dynamics. Mr Zelensky Goes to Washington (Again) J.B. Shurk | War may be a boon to politicians and bankers, but it is life-or-death for everyone else. SSRIs and Youth: The Chicken, the Egg, and the Prescription Pad Renée Kohanski | Untangling medication effects from the chaos young people already carry. Just Call It Islam John Steinreich | Separating ‘Islam’ from ‘Islamism’ is a fool’s errand by credulous Westerners. The Crossing: The Revolution at the River’s Edge Charlton Allen | At Christmas 1776, the American Revolution was on the verge of collapse. George Washington chose to act. Prepare Now for Gavin Mania Todd Gregory , Erik Gregory | If Republicans want Obama politically reincarnated, they can feel free to sleep through the short time leading to 2028. J. D. Vance Puts a Foot Wrong Michael C. Hurley | At AmericaFest, Vance missed the moment, failed to learn from Trump’s success, and made a rare unforced error. VIEW MORE Around the web Advertisement HOME ARCHIVES CARTOONS SUBMISSIONS ABOUT RSS SYNDICATION PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT DONATE FOLLOW US ON © American Thinker 2025