Home | Amherst College Skip to primary navigation Skip to section menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Amherst College Consistent Navigation Arts & Museums Athletics Library Visit College Store Give Amherst College Main Navigation About Amherst show submenu for "About Amherst" After Amherst: Student Outcomes Arts & Humanities at Amherst Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Facts & FAQs Literary Amherst Science at Amherst Sustainability President & College Leadership Academics show submenu for "Academics" Departments & Majors Our Faculty Course Catalog Experiential Learning Global Learning Student-Faculty Research Academic Advising & Support Academic Calendar Admission & Financial Aid show submenu for "Admission & Financial Aid" Affording Amherst Diversity Outreach Programs Meet Our Students Tours & Information Sessions Apply to Amherst Office of Financial Aid Join Our Mailing List Campus Life show submenu for "Campus Life" Career Advising & Services Health, Safety & Wellbeing Housing & Dining Our Community Student Government Town & Valley News & Events show submenu for "News & Events" Calendar of Events News Stories Amherst Magazine Amherst in Pictures Amherst in Videos Faculty Spotlight Gateways Gateways My Amherst Alumni Parents & Families Directories Campus Directory Alumni Directory Main Contacts Offices & Departments Tools & Resources Tools & Resources Log In AIM Change/Manage Passwords Course Catalog Daily Mammoth Dining Menu Dropbox Gmail Google Apps / G Suite Library Search Moodle My Amherst Website Help Workday Zoom Search Search Amherst Search Search For: Search Menu Tools PAUSE VIDEO PLAY VIDEO Link to textual description of video Home An Amherst Education Prepares You for the World Our rigorous liberal-arts education empowers you to explore ideas freely, create novel connections, and advance knowledge for the greater good. Amherst fosters innovative and critical thinking and prizes curiosity, a foundation that prepares our students for fulfilling careers, service to society, and a lifetime of intellectual engagement. Amherst Facts More Facts 80% Percentage of Amherst alumni who report that they have attended graduate or professional school 88% Percentage of Amherst courses that have fewer than 30 students Amherst in Pictures Winter brings a beauty of its own to our New England campus, with a mix of snow and bright, sunny days. See more in our slideshows. Meet Our Mammoths More Videos Take Courses That Inspire You Our approach to education is simple: Take courses that excite and inspire you. With no core educational requirements, you choose the courses that matter to you. Our open curriculum means your classes will be filled with inquisitive, engaged classmates who are committed to the topic. Academics Distinctive Courses Our open curriculum lets you choose among interesting classes taught by exceptional faculty. Arts Humanities Science & Math Social Sciences Our Majors Arts course in Art and the History of Art Art and Technology since 1960 Description Explore how artists have incorporated new technologies and analyze art’s intersections with television, teletype machines, video, the Internet, VR, AR, and AI, among other novelties. Niko Vicario Course Description Humanities course in Philosophy; Environmental Studies Environmental Philosophy Description Do animals have rights we ought to respect? Is nature intrinsically valuable or merely a bundle of utilities for our benefit? Is there even a stable notion of “what is natural” that can be deployed in a workable environmental ethic? Hakan Salwen Course Description Humanities course in AAPI; English Introduction to Asian American Literature Description What is the canon of Asian American literature? How do anthologies and reading lists influence our understandings of whose voices count — and whose voices are left out — in the making of a literary canon? What is the role of literature and canonization in shaping Asian American racial subjectivity? Nozomi Nakaganeku Saito Course Description Science & Math course in Physics and Astronomy Exploring the Cosmos Description What is the shape of the universe? How do stars die? What happens when galaxies collide? Explore questions such as these through an introduction to modern galactic and extragalactic astronomy. Kate Follette Course Description Social Sciences course in Anthropology and Sociology Anthropology and Science Fiction Description How can anthropology help us understand the cultural assumptions, empirical knowledge, and causal and interpretive theories underlying science fiction and related genres such as fantasy, magical realism, and social science fiction? Vanessa L. Fong Course Description Social Sciences course in Law, Jurisprudence, and Social Thought Legal Institutions and Democratic Practice Description Examine the relationship between legal institutions and democratic practice. Supreme Court doctrine will be analyzed in the light of a continuing effort to articulate a compelling justification for the practice of judicial intervention in the normal operation of a constitutional democracy. Emma G. Brush Lawrence R. Douglas Course Description Become a Mammoth What Are Mammoths Made Of? Every Amherst College student arrives with unique skills, insights, creativity, and passion. At Amherst, you’ll thrive individually, and you’ll make the herd stronger. So what exactly are Mammoths made of? You’re curious about people, places, and everything else. Our students lead with an inquisitive nature, exploring and embracing the unknown. You pull things apart to find your own answers. Amherst students start by knowing something. Then they brainstorm, make new connections, and put everything back together in surprising ways. You care about the world and about each other. Mammoths are a supportive bunch, whether forging a path or working together toward the greater good. More Spotlights Faculty Spotlight Ashley Carter, Physics & Biochemistry and Biophysics Ashley Carter, professor of physics and program chair of biochemistry and biophysics, will receive the 2026 PUI Faculty Award from the Biophysical Society in February. Faculty Profile Angus McLeod, American Studies & Education Studies Angus McLeod IV, assistant professor of American studies and education studies, was awarded the Claude A. Eggertsen Dissertation Prize by the History of Education Society for his dissertation, “Unequal by Design: School Finance and State Development in Texas.” Faculty Profile Lloyd Barba, Religion Lloyd Barba, assistant professor of religion, has been named a fellow of the American Council of Learned Societies. Faculty Profile All News News “Thrive”: TEDx Talks at Amherst Rural Delivery: How Amherst Is Reaching Small-Town Students All Events Events Jan 29 Aliki Perroti & Seth Frank Lyceum, CHI Think Tank Thu, 29 Jan 2026 18:30:00 -0500 Maladies of Empire: How Colonialism, Slavery, and War Transformed Medicine 5:00 PM - 6:30 PM Feb 7 Alumni Gym Sat, 07 Feb 2026 14:30:00 -0500 National Girls and Women in Sports Day 11:30 AM - 2:30 PM Feb 21 Buckley Recital Hall Sat, 21 Feb 2026 21:00:00 -0500 M@A Presents: The Danish String Quartet 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM Feb 25 Johnson Chapel Wed, 25 Feb 2026 17:30:00 -0500 HOPE! Amherst College's Speaking Competition 2026 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM You have what it takes to be a Mammoth. Now take the next step. Explore Visit Apply Nondiscrimination Statement Amherst College does not discriminate in admission, employment, or administration of its programs and activities on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, color, religion, sex or gender (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender expression and gender identity), age, disability, genetic information, military service, or any other characteristic or class protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Amherst College complies with all state and federal laws that prohibit discrimination, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, Title IX, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Equal Pay Act and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act. Inquiries should be addressed to the Chief Equity and Inclusion Officer, Amherst College, P.O. Box 5000, Amherst, MA 01002-5000. Amherst College Amherst, MA 01002 Contact Info (413) 542-2000 Contact Info Map & Directions Social Links Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn Flickr YouTube TikTok More Navigation A-Z Index Calendars College Store Majors Tuition & Fees Employment Apply Give Emergency Accessibility Title IX Copyright Terms & Conditions Jump to top of page Permalink https://www.amherst.edu/ About Amherst Academics Admission & Financial Aid Campus Life News & Events Arts & Museums Athletics Library Visit College Store Give Search Search For: Search Gateways My Amherst Alumni Parents & Families Directories Campus Directory Alumni Directory Main Contacts Offices & Departments Tools & Resources Log In AIM Change/Manage Passwords Course Catalog Daily Mammoth Dining Menu Dropbox Gmail Google Apps / G Suite Library Search Moodle My Amherst Website Help Workday Zoom