Ammyy Admin - Free Zero-Config Remote Desktop Software, Remote Desktop Connection and Remote Access Software Remote Desktop Software and Remote Desktop Connection Contacts About us Press-room Main Solutions Buy Support Products Ammyy Admin Features Screenshots / First run Security Our clients Zero-Config Remote Desktop Software Ammyy Admin. The easiest way to establish remote desktop connection. You can easily share a remote desktop or control a server over the Internet with Ammyy Admin . No matter where you are, Ammyy Admin makes it safe and easy to quickly access a remote desktop within a few seconds. Ammyy Admin is used by more than 80 000 000 personal and corporate users. Remote desktop connection becomes easy with Ammyy Admin. » Doesn't require installation or admin rights. » First Run step-by-step guide ATTENTION! Please read this before giving UNKNOWN people access to your computer Ammyy News 03/12/2019 Ammyy Admin v3.9 released. 01/22/2019 Ammyy Admin v3.8 released. 08/18/2018 Ammyy Admin v3.7 released. 07/05/2017 Ammyy Admin v3.6 released. System Administration You can manage network computers and servers remotely without complicated NAT settings adjustments or Firewall problems. Assist your colleagues with remote access software and be confident all the transmitted data is reliably secured. Using Ammyy Admin as a tool for remote desktop connection and control is the best way to save time and money. Remote office You will have quick and easy access to your remote office PC desktop via the Internet from anywhere, at any time. Remote desktop access makes it easy to retrieve necessary documents and files from your work PC or activate specific software installed on the office computer. Ammyy Admin is also a perfect solution for enabling employees to work offsite from a remote location. On-line presentations/distance education With Ammyy Admin it's easy to arrange on-line presentations or hold virtual classes for distance education. You can host your presentation featuring class materials right in the remote desktops of meeting participants or students in the virtual classroom , communicating with them via real-time voice chat. Learn more about remote system administration Learn more about remote office Learn more about on-line presentations and distance education Why Ammyy Admin? No installation required To start remote desktop control session with Ammyy Admin you don't have to download and install massive remote desktop software which brings dozens of files and records to user's and system folders or system registry. All you have to do is to download a tiny (0.5 Mb) Ammyy Admin exe file, start it and enter a computer ID  which you want to connect to. It's really the simplest way to establish  a connection to a remote PC avoiding tedious settings adjustments. It will take no longer than 20 seconds from the moment you download Ammyy Admin to the moment of the first remote session launch. Learn more about  features How to use remote desktop control with Ammyy Admin Highest level of data transfer security Ammyy Admin offers its users a sophisticated set of authentication settings providing options to grant access manually, by predefined computer IDs or by password. All these work in combination with advanced hybrid encryption algorithm (AES+RSA). The encryption standards that we've used in our software are well-known for their reliability and are used by national Governments. Learn more about security Works behind NAT and transparent for firewalls This means you're able to establish access to a remote machine  from any PC that is connected to the Internet, no matter if it has real IP adress or is behind NAT in Local Area Network. This option provides opportunity to access remote office or home PC from all over the world keeping up with high level of data transfer security. Learn more about  features Built-in voice chat and file manager You can use Ammyy Admin not only as a tool for remote desktop connections and control but also as a free tool for voice communication with your relatives and partners over the Internet. Moreover Ammyy Admin offers a convenient file manager which makes it easy and quick to retrieve files from remote PC. Learn more about  features Control of unattended computers Ammyy Admin allows its users to administer a remote unattended server or PC with the use of Ammyy Admin Service feature. This includes option to restart computer remotely, log in/log off or switch users. Present feature is the most actual among system administrators. Learn more about unattended server control What is remote desktop access and how does it work? The term implies secure remote access to a distant PC via remote desktop sharing software. The remote desktop software processes the image on the display of remote computer and brings it to the local computer . The essence of this procedure lies in copying the remote PC display and redrawing it on the local machine. Keyboard inputs and mouse moves are also communicated to the remote computer, where the machine interprets them as if they had been inputted by a person sitting right in front of the local PC. All the information to be send during the session is compressed to achieve productive operation for both high and low-bandwidth connection. Learn more about remote access software features What benefits does remote desktop sharing offer? Remote desktop connection let's you have access to all of remote PC applications and data. Common features included with remote control software are file transfer, voice chat and remote PC control itself. Remote desktop connection technology offers wide range of benefits for corporate and private users who want to stay mobile , travel across the world and at the same time have full access to remote computers they need for work or private use. Nowadays use of free remote access software for computer control and all the benefits it offers became more than just convenience but rather necessity for most businesses. Tech support, remote system administration, corporate webinars are the most applicable realms of remote computer control software. Learn more about remote desktop software solutions Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions EULA Copyright © 2020 Ammyy. All rights reserved. Google Chrome and FireFox don't support downloading this file. Please use another browser (like Internet Explorer, Edge, Opera) for downloading this file. Sorry for inconvenience, Ammyy LLC ! cancel