Home Skip to main content Home Who We Are What We Do Get Involved Log In Donate Accessibility Close Text size All popular browsers allow zooming in and out by pressing the Ctrl (Cmd in OS X) and + or - keys. Or alternatively hold down the Ctrl key and scroll up or down with the mouse. Line height Increased Default Contrast High contrast Default Home Who We Are What We Do Get Involved Donate End the Prosecution of Peaceful Protestors in the UK Police have made 2300+ arrests under terrorism laws in the UK for protesting peacefully against the banning of Palestine Action. This cannot go unchallenged. 41,554 Help us get to 50,000 Add my name We are people from across the world standing up for humanity and human rights. Support us I would like to help today and donate Every month Just once £ Donate £ Donate Take Action View All Action Poverty is a political choice: Stop the Cuts 2,942 Help us get to 5,000 add your name Action Send a solidarity message to Chow Hang-tung 7,039 Help us get to 9,998 Send message Action Defend our Human Rights – Tell Your MP to Back the ECHR 8,688 Help us get to 10,000 Email my MP now Action Poverty is a political choice: Stop the Cuts 2,942 Help us get to 5,000 add your name Action Send a solidarity message to Chow Hang-tung 7,039 Help us get to 9,998 Send message Action Defend our Human Rights – Tell Your MP to Back the ECHR 8,688 Help us get to 10,000 Email my MP now View All Latest Learn More Amnesty Shop Branded products, ethical holiday gifts & sustainable everyday items. Donate New BBC Series 'Prisoner 951' and its relevance to our work protecting the rights of British citizens. Learn More Impact Report 2024: Challenging human rights abuses and holding power to account. Read report Amnesty Shop Branded products, ethical holiday gifts & sustainable everyday items. Donate New BBC Series 'Prisoner 951' and its relevance to our work protecting the rights of British citizens. Learn More Impact Report 2024: Challenging human rights abuses and holding power to account. Read report Learn More Get Involved Get Involved Fundraising Sign up to a Challenge Event or Volunteer with us Learn More Events Explore our diverse array of events happening throughout the year. Explore Press Releases Our responses to breaking human rights news from the UK and around the world. Read more Join Our Movement Local, Student & Youth groups, & networks for activists. Connect Education Human rights education for teachers and activists of all ages. Teach | Learn Governance AIUK is comprised of the Charitable Trust & the UK Section, two organisations working together. Learn More Fundraising Sign up to a Challenge Event or Volunteer with us Learn More Events Explore our diverse array of events happening throughout the year. Explore Press Releases Our responses to breaking human rights news from the UK and around the world. Read more Join Our Movement Local, Student & Youth groups, & networks for activists. Connect Education Human rights education for teachers and activists of all ages. Teach | Learn Governance AIUK is comprised of the Charitable Trust & the UK Section, two organisations working together. Learn More Get Involved Join our email list Join our email list Sign up About this site Terms And Conditions Cookies Statement Cookies settings Privacy Notice Community Rules Get in touch Contact Us Work for Amnesty Events Find Our Office Quick links Urgent Actions Amnesty Shop Governance Media Centre Education And Training Safeguarding Other Resources Follow us Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram LinkedIn YouTube TikTok Follow us About this site Terms And Conditions Cookies Statement Cookies settings Privacy Notice Community Rules Get in touch Contact Us Work for Amnesty Events Find Our Office Quick links Urgent Actions Amnesty Shop Governance Media Centre Education And Training Safeguarding Other Resources © Amnesty International UK 2024. Amnesty International UK Section Charitable Trust. A company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales (03139939) and a charity registered in England and Wales (1051681) and Scotland (SC039534). Amnesty International United Kingdom Section. A company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales (01735872). Registered office 2nd Floor, Peter Benenson House, 1 Easton Street, London, WC1X 0DW. © Amnesty International UK 2024