Among Us | Innersloth - Creators of Among Us and The Henry Stickmin Collection! Games Among Us Among Us VR Henry Stickmin Dig2China More Among Us Show Outersloth News About Inside Innersloth Support & FAQ Contact Us Press Kit Merch Learn more 🔎 New Detective and Viper Roles are OUT NOW! Learn More Among Us is a party game of teamwork and betrayal. Crewmates work together to complete tasks before one or more Impostors can kill everyone aboard. Recent Game Updates More News Among Us dev log December 12, 2025 Happy End of 2025, Crewmates! 🎉 Year End Recap Among Us dev log December 3, 2025 Ad Rewards – v17.1.1 📱 Among Us merch November 25, 2025 New Merch! T-Shirts, Plushies, and More 🎁 More News Get official merch From Among Us & more Shop now Kid’s Choice Award for Favorite Video Game 2021 The Game Award for Best Multiplayer Game 2020 The Game Award for Best Mobile Game 2020 Mobile Game Awards for Best Indie Developer 2021 Webby Breakout of the Year Award 2021 Golden Joysticks Breakthrough Award 2020 App Store Award for Trend of the Year: Connection 2021 Game Accessibility Award for House Rules 2020 GAMEPLAY SCREENSHOTS How to Play Prepare for departure but beware the Impostor! Play with 4-15 players online or via local WiFi as you attempt to hold your spaceship together and survive , but be careful. One or more random players among the crew are Impostors bent on killing everyone! Objective: Fill the group task bar or eject the Impostors Complete all the tasks on the ship or eject Impostors to win. Call emergency meetings if you see any dead bodies or suspicious behavior. Check the Admin map and Security cameras to keep tabs on other Crewmates. React quickly to undo the Impostor’s sabotages. Make sure you have your alibi ready in case you’re falsely accused. Vote to eject suspected Impostors. Hope you guessed correctly! Objective: Kill off the crew Kill Crewmates and frame innocent bystanders. Pretend to do tasks to blend in with the Crewmates. Sneak through the vents to quickly move around. Sabotage tasks to cause chaos and confuse the crew. Close doors to trap victims and kill in private. Do everything you can to convince the crew that you’re one of them. Have a question about Innersloth, merch, or fan art? See FAQs Be the first one to know when we launch new stuff. Email Address Subscribe Games Among Us Among Us 3D Henry Stickmin Dig2China About About Innersloth Press Kit Game News Outersloth Among Us Show Support Help & FAQ Fan Creation Policy Modding Policies Contact Contact Innersloth Partnership Inquiries Merch Licensing English © 2015-2025, Innersloth LLC Privacy Policy Terms of Use - Websites Terms of Use - Games Terms of Use (Among Us 3D) Code of Conduct Merch Policy Modding Policy Fan Creation Policy Light Mode Dark Mode Website made with 💙   by Jessica Tate & Sam Alexander Our website uses cookies, both our own and from third parties, to improve our content and your experience on the site. For more information, please read the cookie section of our Privacy Policy. I understand Privacy Policy