AMP for WordPress – Official AMP Plugin for WordPress Skip to content AMP for WordPress Menu Showcase Ecosystem Documentation Blog Support About Download Expand search form Search Expand search form Homepage Success with WordPress, powered by AMP. Great Page Experiences Higher User Engagement Improved ROI Get started Who is the plugin for? Independently of the role you play on your site, performance matters to your success. And therefore, you need to learn about the challenges of providing consistently good performance and which tools are available to you to help you achieve great performance for your site. Developers and Implementers If you are a developer or implementer, the plugin provides you with powerful and effective developer tools to help you build AMP Compatible ecosystem components (i.e. plugins, themes), as well as full sites and ecosystem solutions. Content Creators If you are not a developer, the AMP plugin allows you to assemble fully AMP compatible sites with different configurations taking advantage of AMP compatible components, and helping you to cope with validation issues by removing offending markup in cases where it is possible, or suppressing all together the execution of any AMP incompatible plugin in the context of AMP pages. Site Owners If you are a Site Owner , or you are responsible for deciding the technical direction for your site, AMP provides cost-effective tools to address the performance and usability aspects your site needs to succeed in the web, with low levels of resource investment, enabling a higher ROI. What is in the box AMP’s capabilities, and the control mechanisms it imposes, allow you to take advantage of the openness and flexibility of WordPress while minimizing the amount of resources to be invested in developing and maintaining sites that perform consistently well. The AMP plugin enables you to do this via the following functional pillars. Automation The AMP plugin automates as much as possible the process of generating AMP-valid markup, letting you to follow workflows that are as close as possible to the standard workflows on WordPress you are used to. CSS Tree Shaking The AMP plugin provides support to make it easier for site owners to keep the total amount of CSS on pages under the 75KB limit. This is done by “shaking the tree” of CSS for a page, that is, automatically removing as much unused CSS as possible. Optimized Serving The AMP plugin supports the efficient serving of AMP pages on Origin, making it easier for site owners like you to take advantage of mobile redirection, AMP-to-AMP linking, minimization of AMP validation issues to surfaced in Search Console, and generation of optimized AMP pages by default. Validation Tools The AMP plugin provides effective validation tools to help you in dealing with AMP incompatibilities when they happen, including the aspects of identifying errors, contextualizing them, and reporting them accurately. 3 Ways to AMPlify The plugin provides three different configuration options to bring AMP content publishing to your sites. These configuration options are called Template Modes, and each of them brings its own value proposition and serves the needs of different segments of the large and diverse WordPress ecosystem. Follow the guidance in this Section to get started with any of the modes. Standard In Standard mode your site uses a single theme and there is a single version of your site: the AMP version. Standard mode is a good and easy choice for sites where all components used in the site (themes and plugins) are fully AMP compatible, or if you have resources to do custom AMP development and/or fix validation issues. Transitional In Transitional mode your site uses a single theme and there are two versions of your site: an AMP version and a non-AMP version. Transitional mode is a good choice if the site uses a theme that is not fully AMP compatible, but the functional differences between the AMP and non-AMP versions are acceptable. Reader In Reader mode, your site uses two themes and there are two versions of your site: an AMP version and a non-AMP version. You may select Reader mode if your site is using a theme that is highly incompatible with AMP. It is also a good choice if you are not technically savvy, or simply do not want to deal with incompatibilities and prefer a simplified workflow to get AMP experiences to your users. Get started Showcases There are many sites leveraging the capabilities of the official AMP plugin for WordPress to bring great user experiences to their users. Here you can browse a subset of them to get a sense of what is possible. Punch Transitional RankTis Standard Thisterm Standard Precise Future Standard Represent Classical Standard View all showcases Ecosystem The ecosystem of AMP-compatible components is growing every day. This means that there are many themes and plugins that work well with AMP. And there are also experts in the ecosystem that know AMP development well. Themes Many popular themes, including all WordPress default themes, support AMP out of the box. Check existing AMP-compatible themes to get a sense of what is possible with AMP themes. See all themes Plugins Many popular plugins choose to take user experience to next level, and provide full AMP compatibility. Others are moving progressively towards AMP compatibility. Check this list of AMP compatible plugins. See all plugins AMP Experts If you need custom development or want support with your AMP content strategy, it may be a good idea to get help from freelance developers or development agencies. Here is a list of some of them to get you started on your search. See all AMP experts Support and Development AMP for WordPress plugin is actively developed on GitHub. It is also hosted & supported via the WordPress.org plugin directory. We are available at both places to answer your questions and concerns. WordPress.org GitHub Repo Read FAQ Blog Don’t want to miss any of the great stuff that happens around AMP and the AMP plugin? Then don’t forget to check our blog for the lates stories and news! See all stories Guest Post How to Add Push Notifications to your AMP WordPress site May 19, 2022 AMP Plugin AMP Plugin 2.2 Stable Release February 2, 2022 AMP Plugin Introducing Extensions and Mini-Plugins January 17, 2022 Of course, this site is using this official AMP for WordPress plugin in Standard mode. Showcase Ecosystem Documentation Blog Support About Showcase Ecosystem Documentation Blog Support About © OpenJS Foundation and AMP Project contributors. All rights reserved. The OpenJS Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of the OpenJS Foundation , please see our Trademark Policy and Trademark List . Trademarks and logos not indicated on the list of OpenJS Foundation trademarks are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. The services available at cdn.ampproject.org are provided by Google and the respective privacy policy applies. Privacy Policy Terms of service Scroll to Top