AMP - a web component framework to easily create user-first web experiences - amp.dev AMP About AMP Websites Create flawless web experiences Web Stories Snackable Stories for everyone AMP Ads Super fast ads on the web AMP Email Next gen email How AMP works Vision & Mission Use cases Success Stories Documentation Get Started Guides & Tutorials Get started with AMP Components The complete AMP library Examples Hands-on introduction to AMP Courses Learn AMP with free courses Templates Ready to use Tools Begin building Community Contribute Roadmap Governance Working Groups Events AMP Fest 2020 AMP Roadshow Blog Support Help FAQ EN DE FR AR ES IT ID JA KO PT RU TR ZH PL VI AMP is a web component framework to easily create user-first experiences for the web. AMP Websites Easily create websites with a great page experience out-of-the-box using AMP’s ready-to-go web components. Get started All about AMP Websites Web Stories Immerse readers in visual and tappable stories they can share anywhere on the open web. All about Web Stories AMP Emails Send emails of the future with personalized dynamic content and interactive elements that engage readers. All about AMP Emails AMP Ads Serve lightning fast and secure eye-catching creatives. All about AMP Ads The latest news Don't want to miss any of the great stuff that happens around AMP? Then always be first in line and subscribe to our newsletter! Subscribe Subscribe Stories Web Story Forms unlock more ways to engage your audience February 28, 2022 Bento Introducing Bento December 8, 2021 Stories Web Stories call to action buttons get an upgrade September 15, 2021 Websites Easy TikTok embedding with the new amp-tiktok September 13, 2021 Stories Richer interactions in Web Stories August 26, 2021 Stories Better video performance in Web Stories August 24, 2021 Explore AMP success stories Don’t take our word for it - read case studies from industry success stories and see how AMP has produced positive results. See all success stories websites AMP helps the Washington Post increase returning users from mobile search by 23% publishers websites Teads brings AMP'd mobile video inventory to nearly 100 publishers advertisers websites Carved increases conversion rate by 75% with AMP and PWA e-commerce websites WompMobile consistently improves e-commerce clients’ conversion rates with AMP sites e-commerce Of course, this site is made with AMP! Follow us Overview AMP Framework Use Cases Success stories Functionality Docs Get Started Guides and Tutorials Components Examples Design Templates Tools Community Platform and Vendor Partners Contribute Roadmap OpenJS Foundation The OpenJS Foundation OpenJS Foundation Bylaws Trademark Policy Trademark List Events AMP Conf 2020 AMP Contributor Summit 2019 AMP Brand Materials Styleguide Logos Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © OpenJS Foundation and AMP Project contributors. All rights reserved. The OpenJS Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of the OpenJS Foundation , please see our Trademark Policy and Trademark List . Trademarks and logos not indicated on the list of OpenJS Foundation trademarks are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. The services available at cdn.ampproject.org are provided by Google and the respective privacy policy applies. We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies and privacy policy . Got it!