Skip to main content
Sign in 
MathSciNet
Bookstore
My Cart 
Help 
	
	
Publications
Membership
Meetings & Conferences
News & Outreach
Grants & Awards
Learning & Careers
Government Relations
Giving
About the AMS
Advancing research.
Creating connections.

We are a mathematics society dedicated to advancing research, promoting learning, and supporting careers.

Together we can do more to elevate mathematics.

Become a Member
30k
Members
125
Countries
27
Journals
4M+
Items on MathSciNet
From Our Journals
 
FEATURED FROM NOTICES
Short Stories: Numerical Conformal Mapping
Lloyd N. Trefethen

Most conformal maps cannot be found analytically, so when computers began to appear in the 1950s and 1960s, the field of numerical conformal mapping was born. The availability of so many tools for numerical conformal mapping may suggest that the problem is easy, but in fact there are challenges. Continue reading 

NOTICES
Remembering Elbert Frank Cox, PhD (1925), a Century Later, “The First Black Person to Earn a PhD in Mathematics”

December 2025

NOTICES
Evolution of Stacks and Moduli

December 2025

BULLETIN
Problems on infinite sumset configurations in the integers and beyond

October 2025

Newsroom
View all news 
News

Lawson to Receive 2026 Leroy P. Steele Prize for Lifetime Achievement

News

Taylor to Receive 2026 Steele Prize for Mathematical Exposition

News

The Mathematical and Statistical Sciences Annual Survey Reopens

View all Feature Stories 
Upcoming Events
January 4-7
Field of Dreams at 2026 JMM
January 4-7
Joint Mathematics Meetings 2026
March 7-8
Spring Western Sectional
March 28-29
Spring Eastern Sectional
AMS peer-reviewed journals have published mathematical research of the highest quality since 1891.
Explore all Journals
We're here for every phase of your mathematical life.

Whether you're a student or a professional, the AMS can help you further your mathematical pursuits.

High School

Undergraduate

Graduate

Early-Career

Mid-Career and Beyond

Friend of Math

American Mathematical Society · 201 Charles Street Providence, Rhode Island 02904-2213 · Contact Us

     

© Copyright 2025 American Mathematical Society · View Our Privacy Statement · Terms of Use · Accessibility

AMS, American Mathematical Society, the tri-colored AMS logo, and Advancing research, Creating connections, are trademarks and service marks of the American Mathematical Society and registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.