Analytics Vidhya | The ultimate place for Generative AI, Data Science and Data Engineering Enterprise Building Next-Generation AI Professionals Unlocking knowledge, skills & opportunities through in-depth blogs, world class courses, exciting hackathons & a thriving community Login/Register 100 M+ People Benefited 4 M+ Community Members 500 K+ Program Enrollments 1000 + Events Organised Fuel your AI journey Supercharge Your AI Expedition with our excellent resources Discover Explore the fascinating world of AI with our unlimited knowledge library Upskill Level up your career with our comprehensive industry leading programs Engage Elevate your AI skills by learning, competing & networking with our thriving community Contribute Make an impact on our community by sharing your knowledge & perspective Experience the Analytics Vidhya difference Reap the benefits of our deep domain expertise & extensive industry connections for exponential growth in your career DISCOVER Explore the fascinating world of AI with our unlimited Knowledge Library UPSKILL Level up your career with our comprehensive industry leading programs ENGAGE Elevate your Al skills by learning, competing & networking with our thriving community CONTRIBUTE Make an impact on our community by sharing your knowledge & perspective DISCOVER Explore the fascinating world of AI with our unlimited Knowledge Library In-depth Blogs Breaking complex topics into simple, easy to follow articles Blogs Expert Sessions Learn from the wisdom of industry experts through live enriching sessions Expert Sessions Learning Paths Take the confusion out of your learning by following our expert’s curated learning paths Learning Paths Comprehensive Guides Learn the fundamental topics of AI and Data Science with our Comprehensive Guides Guides UPSKILL Level up your career with our comprehensive industry leading programs Free Courses Start your AI journey for free by enrolling in our Comprehensive Course Courses Agentic AI Pioneer Program Enhance your AI skills by building your own AI Agents in the mentor-driven Agentic AI Pioneer Program Explore AI Agents AI & ML BlackBelt Plus program Take your AI game to the next level with our mentor driven comprehensive BlackBelt Plus program BlackBelt Plus GenAI Pinnacle Plus Program Master the future of AI by building your own AI Agents, a mentor-driven journey into Generative AI and Agentic AI. GenAI Pinnacle Plus Program ENGAGE Elevate your Al skills by learning, competing & networking with our thriving Community Thriving Community Learn, ask, network with like-minded folks to expand knowledge and foster meaningful connections Community Challenging Hackathons Compete, foster collaboration with fellow innovators, and constantly evolve your skills to secure impressive wins Hackathons Exciting Events Be a part of the most exciting AI events in the industry for an unforgettable experience Events Leadership Podcasts Listen to AI leaders and learn from their perspective Podcasts CONTRIBUTE Make an impact on our community by sharing your knowledge & perspective Become an Author Inspire learners by publishing your original ideas, tutorials, and experiences Become an Author Become a Speaker Showcase your expertise to our thriving community Become a Speaker Become a Mentor Make in difference in a life of learners by sharing your knowledge & perspective Become a Mentor Become an Instructor Share your knowledge and expertise through our programs & clients deliveries Become an Instructor Personalised Industry leading programs for you Embark on a learning journey with our comprehensive industry leading personalised programs 150 Hours 16 Courses Agentic AI Pioneer Program ₹59,999 AI Agents RAG Langchain AutoGen CrewAI Enroll Now 300 Hours 41 Courses GenAI Pinnacle Plus Program ₹59,999 LLMs Diffusion Models Reinforcement Learning AI Agents RAG CrewAI Enroll Now 150 Hours 15 Courses Agentic AI Pioneer Program ₹59,999 AI Agents RAG Langchain AutoGen CrewAI Enroll Now 200 Hours 24 Courses 5 GenAI Pinnacle Program ₹59,999 LLMs Diffusion Models Reinforcement Learning Enroll Now 500 Hours 27 Courses 4.8 Certified AI & ML BlackBelt Plus Program ₹69,999 Data Science AI ML Enroll Now Hear from Our Community Impressive Talent Discovery with Analytics Vidhya's Hackathons I've had the pleasure of witnessing the exceptional talent nurtured by Analytics Vidhya's hackathons. Sylvia Plath Senior HR Executive BlackBelt Plus Program: Paving the Path to Success at American Express" Thanks to the BlackBelt Plus program, I landed my dream job at American Express. The comprehensive training and mentorship were invaluable. I'm grateful for this life-changing opportunity Sylvia Plath Senior HR Executive Community Feedback - #1 Platform for AI Learning Hear directly from learners how our products and courses helped them scale their careers and master AI! View All Flagship Programs GenAI Pinnacle Program GenAI Pinnacle Plus Program AI/ML BlackBelt Program Agentic AI Pioneer Program Free Courses Generative AI DeepSeek OpenAI Agent SDK LLM Applications using Prompt Engineering DeepSeek from Scratch Stability.AI SSM & MAMBA RAG Systems using LlamaIndex Building LLMs for Code Python Microsoft Excel Machine Learning Deep Learning Mastering Multimodal RAG Introduction to Transformer Model Bagging & Boosting Loan Prediction Time Series Forecasting Tableau Business Analytics Vibe Coding in Windsurf Model Deployment using FastAPI Building Data Analyst AI Agent Getting started with OpenAI o3-mini Introduction to Transformers and Attention Mechanisms Popular Categories AI Agents Generative AI Prompt Engineering Generative AI Application News Technical Guides AI Tools Interview Preparation Research Papers Success Stories Quiz Use Cases Listicles Generative AI Tools and Techniques GANs VAEs Transformers StyleGAN Pix2Pix Autoencoders GPT BERT Word2Vec LSTM Attention Mechanisms Diffusion Models LLMs SLMs Encoder Decoder Models Prompt Engineering LangChain LlamaIndex RAG Fine-tuning LangChain AI Agent Multimodal Models RNNs DCGAN ProGAN Text-to-Image Models DDPM Document Question Answering Imagen T5 (Text-to-Text Transfer Transformer) Seq2seq Models WaveNet Attention Is All You Need (Transformer Architecture) WindSurf Cursor Popular GenAI Models Llama 4 Llama 3.1 GPT 4.5 GPT 4.1 GPT 4o o3-mini Sora DeepSeek R1 DeepSeek V3 Janus Pro Veo 2 Gemini 2.5 Pro Gemini 2.0 Gemma 3 Claude Sonnet 3.7 Claude 3.5 Sonnet Phi 4 Phi 3.5 Mistral Small 3.1 Mistral NeMo Mistral-7b Bedrock Vertex AI Qwen QwQ 32B Qwen 2 Qwen 2.5 VL Qwen Chat Grok 3 AI Development Frameworks n8n LangChain Agent SDK A2A by Google SmolAgents LangGraph CrewAI Agno LangFlow AutoGen LlamaIndex Swarm AutoGPT Data Science Tools and Techniques Python R SQL Jupyter Notebooks TensorFlow Scikit-learn PyTorch Tableau Apache Spark Matplotlib Seaborn Pandas Hadoop Docker Git Keras Apache Kafka AWS NLP Random Forest Computer Vision Data Visualization Data Exploration Big Data Common Machine Learning Algorithms Machine Learning Google Data Science Agent Company About Us Contact Us Careers Discover Blogs Expert Sessions Learning Paths Comprehensive Guides Learn Free Courses AI&ML Program Pinnacle Plus Program Agentic AI Program Engage Community Hackathons Events Podcasts Contribute Become an Author Become a Speaker Become a Mentor Become an Instructor Enterprise Our Offerings Trainings Data Culture AI Newsletter Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Privacy Policy Cookies Policy © Analytics Vidhya .All rights reserved. AI Battlefield MCQ Based Skill Test 8th - 18th March Win upto INR 1,00,000* Participate Now *Terms and conditions apply Login now to continue Continue with Google Continue with Email Forgot your password? I accept the Term & Conditions I have read the Privacy Policy Receive updates on WhatsApp Enter email address to continue Email address Get OTP Enter OTP sent to Edit Enter the OTP Resend OTP in 30 s Verify OTP We use cookies essential for this site to function well. Please click to help us improve its usefulness with additional cookies. Learn about our use of cookies in our Privacy Policy & Cookies Policy . Show details Accept all cookies Use necessary cookies Powered By Allowed and not customizable Necessary Not allowed All Cookies Manage Cookies Powered By Consent Details About Cookies This site uses cookies to ensure that you get the best experience possible. To learn more about how we use cookies, please refer to our Privacy Policy & Cookies Policy . Necessary (2) Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Analytics Vidhya (4) learn more about analytics vidhya privacy brahmaid It is needed for personalizing the website. Expiry: Session Type: HTTP csrftoken This cookie is used to prevent Cross-site request forgery (often abbreviated as CSRF) attacks of the website Expiry: Session Type: HTTPS Identityid Preserves the login/logout state of users across the whole site. Expiry: Session Type: HTTPS sessionid Preserves users' states across page requests. Expiry: Session Type: HTTPS Google (1) learn more about google privacy g_state Google One-Tap login adds this g_state cookie to set the user status on how they interact with the One-Tap modal. Expiry: 365 days Type: HTTP Statistics (4) Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Microsoft (7) learn more about microsoft policy MUID Used by Microsoft Clarity, to store and track visits across websites. Expiry: 1 Year Type: HTTP _clck Used by Microsoft Clarity, Persists the Clarity User ID and preferences, unique to that site, on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP _clsk Used by Microsoft Clarity, Connects multiple page views by a user into a single Clarity session recording. Expiry: 1 Day Type: HTTP SRM_I Collects user data is specifically adapted to the user or device. The user can also be followed outside of the loaded website, creating a picture of the visitor's behavior. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP SM Use to measure the use of the website for internal analytics Expiry: 1 years Type: HTTP CLID The cookie is set by embedded Microsoft Clarity scripts. The purpose of this cookie is for heatmap and session recording. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP SRM_B Collected user data is specifically adapted to the user or device. The user can also be followed outside of the loaded website, creating a picture of the visitor's behavior. Expiry: 2 months Type: HTTP Google (7) learn more about google privacy _gid This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected includes the number of visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form. Expiry: 399 days Type: HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics, to store and count pageviews. Expiry: 399 Days Type: HTTP _gat_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry: 1 day Type: HTTP collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry: Session Type: PIXEL AEC cookies ensure that requests within a browsing session are made by the user, and not by other sites. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP G_ENABLED_IDPS use the cookie when customers want to make a referral from their gmail contacts; it helps auth the gmail account. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP test_cookie This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP Webengage (2) Learn more about webengage privacy _we_us this is used to send push notification using webengage. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP WebKlipperAuth used by webenage to track auth of webenagage. Expiry: session Type: HTTP LinkedIn (16) learn more about linkedin privacy ln_or Linkedin sets this cookie to registers statistical data on users' behavior on the website for internal analytics. Expiry: 1 day Type: HTTP JSESSIONID Use to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP li_rm Used as part of the LinkedIn Remember Me feature and is set when a user clicks Remember Me on the device to make it easier for him or her to sign in to that device. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP AnalyticsSyncHistory Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP lms_analytics Used to store information about the time a sync with the AnalyticsSyncHistory cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP liap Cookie used for Sign-in with Linkedin and/or to allow for the Linkedin follow feature. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP visit allow for the Linkedin follow feature. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP li_at often used to identify you, including your name, interests, and previous activity. Expiry: 2 months Type: HTTP s_plt Tracks the time that the previous page took to load Expiry: Session Type: HTTP lang Used to remember a user's language setting to ensure LinkedIn.com displays in the language selected by the user in their settings Expiry: Session Type: HTTP s_tp Tracks percent of page viewed Expiry: Session Type: HTTP AMCV_14215E3D5995C57C0A495C55%40AdobeOrg Indicates the start of a session for Adobe Experience Cloud Expiry: Session Type: HTTP s_pltp Provides page name value (URL) for use by Adobe Analytics Expiry: Session Type: HTTP s_tslv Used to retain and fetch time since last visit in Adobe Analytics Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP li_theme Remembers a user's display preference/theme setting Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP li_theme_set Remembers which users have updated their display / theme preferences Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Preferences (0) Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Marketing (4) Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google (11) learn more about google privacy _gcl_au Used by Google Adsense, to store and track conversions. Expiry: 3 months Type: HTTP SID Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP SAPISID Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP __Secure-# Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP APISID Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP SSID Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP HSID Save certain preferences, for example the number of search results per page or activation of the SafeSearch Filter. Adjusts the ads that appear in Google Search. Expiry: 2 years Type: HTTP DV These cookies are used for the purpose of targeted advertising. Expiry: 6 hours Type: HTTP NID These cookies are used for the purpose of targeted advertising. Expiry: 1 month Type: HTTP 1P_JAR These cookies are used to gather website statistics, and track conversion rates. Expiry: 1 month Type: HTTP OTZ Aggregate analysis of website visitors Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP Facebook (2) learn more about facebook privacy _fbp This cookie is set by Facebook to deliver advertisements when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising after visiting this website. Expiry: 4 months Type: HTTP fr Contains a unique browser and user ID, used for targeted advertising. Expiry: 2 months Type: HTTP LinkedIn (6) Learn about linkedin policy bscookie Used by LinkedIn to track the use of embedded services. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP lidc Used by LinkedIn for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry: 1 day Type: HTTP bcookie Used by LinkedIn to track the use of embedded services. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP aam_uuid Use these cookies to assign a unique ID when users visit a website. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP UserMatchHistory These cookies are set by LinkedIn for advertising purposes, including: tracking visitors so that more relevant ads can be presented, allowing users to use the 'Apply with LinkedIn' or the 'Sign-in with LinkedIn' functions, collecting information about how visitors use the site, etc. Expiry: 6 months Type: HTTP li_sugr Used to make a probabilistic match of a user's identity outside the Designated Countries Expiry: 90 days Type: HTTP Microsoft (2) Learn more about microsoft privacy. MR Used to collect information for analytics purposes. Expiry: 1 year Type: HTTP ANONCHK Used to store session ID for a users session to ensure that clicks from adverts on the Bing search engine are verified for reporting purposes and for personalisation Expiry: 1 day Type: HTTP Unclassified (0) Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cookie declaration last updated on 02/01/2025 by Analytics Vidhya. Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies, we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third-party services that appear on our pages. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us, and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy . Accept all cookies Use necessary cookies