Anaplan Introduces Role‑Based AI Agents to Advance Industry-Leading Scenario Planning and Analysis Platform
Learn more
Support
Contact
Login
English
Products
Customer Success
Resources
Company
Get a demo
Get a personalized demo
Right decisions, right now®

Anaplan is the only scenario planning and analysis platform built with AI at the core, so you can make decisions with confidence.

Watch our video
Experience Anaplan AI
Play video
Make silos a thing of the past

Our AI-driven platform surfaces actionable insights, removes barriers, and builds connections and collaboration to align strategic, financial, and operational plans across your business.

Finance
Sales and marketing
Supply chain
HR and workforce
Finance

Ignite exceptional performance with AI-driven solutions for scenario planning, analysis, financial consolidation, and reporting.

Outpredict, outplan, and outperform with Anaplan Intelligence

Drive productivity, faster decision-making and smarter planning with prescriptive, predictive, generative, and agentic AI — built for real-world complexity.

Break down silos. Enable enterprise-wide planning.
Drive efficiency. Optimize productivity.
Uncover hidden trends. Outpace the market.
Accelerate time to insights. Act with precision.

Always-on access to a full suite of AI products infused throughout the Anaplan platform:

Predictive & generative AI
Intelligent role-based agents
Autonomous agents
Custom agents
Learn more
Solutions tailored to your industry

Your business is unique. That’s why Anaplan offers purpose-built solutions for your greatest challenges.

Financial services
Manufacturing
Energy
Retail and consumer
Healthcare and life sciences
Professional and business services
Technology, media, and telecommunications
Public sector and higher education
Financial services

Move at market speed with agile, collaborative planning, forecasting, and reporting, and break down silos to minimize risk and drive growth.

Banking
Capital markets
Insurance
What are top analysts
saying about Anaplan?
Explore all research

Anaplan is recognized as a 9X Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Financial Planning Software

Learn more

Anaplan named a leader in IDC MarketScape Worldwide Supply Chain Planning Overall Vendor Assessment

Learn more
Report
Be a leader, not a lagger. Boost shareholder return by 14%.
Research shows that eliminating enterprise silos leads directly to improved decision-making — which leads to a dramatic increase in total shareholder return. Discover the pivotal role of connectedness in driving decision performance and unlocking superior financial outcomes.
Read the report
Over 2,500 of the world’s best brands plan with Anaplan. Be the next.
See how your industry-leading peers achieve significant results with Anaplan.
Hear from customers
Discover the platform industry leaders trust. Be the next.
Request a demo
Contact us
QUICK LINKS
Decision Excellence
Customer Stories
Anaplan Connect
Connected Planning
Anaplan Academy
AI Role-Based Agents
PLATFORM
Platform Overview
Anaplan Intelligence
Data Management & Integrations
Modeling & Scalability
Planning Experience
Security & Administration
Anaplan Applications
SOLUTIONS
Solutions Overview
Finance
Sales & Marketing
Supply Chain
HR & Workforce
RESOURCES
Resource Library
Blog
Live Events & Webinars
Customer Success Program
Support Center
Community
Documentation
Knowledge Base
COMPANY
About Us
Leadership
Values
Newsroom
Partners
Careers
ESG
UK Gender Pay
UK Tax Strategy
Contact Us
ALSO OF INTEREST
Groups
Supply Chain Management Solution
Sales Forecasting Methodology & Guide
What is Supply Chain Management?
English

© 2025 Anaplan, Inc. All rights reserved.

Privacy statement
Cookie Settings
Terms of service
This site uses cookies and related technologies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze traffic. By clicking "Accept", you agree to the sharing of information about your use of our site with our affiliates & partners as described in our Privacy Statement. You can manage your preferences and consent or learn more about the use of these technologies in Manage Settings.https://www.anaplan.com/privacy-statement/
Cookie Settings
Decline Accept