Anarchy Online | Funcom Toggle Menu PLAY FOR FREE Support Account Download Download Toggle Install Try New Engine Uninstall Updates Community Community Toggle Forums People of Rubi-Ka Archive ARK Membership News World's First & Longest Running Sci-fi MMO Try for free: base game & booster pack 20 years of exquisite world design PLAY FOR FREE The Future in your hands New engine - open beta available Open World PVP & Tower Defense Expansive Character Progression Community Control Rubi-Ka Control Rubi-Ka 2019 Anarchy Online also offers a completely unprecedented amount of content geared specifically toward players who don't just want to fight and loot all the time. It's even open-ended enough to let creative players stage all sorts of social events, including fashion shows, rave dance parties, arts-and-crafts trade shows, and more. Andrew Park @ Gameplay An Immense Universe Your adventure begins on the massive planet Rubi-Ka, where you join the Omni-Tek corporation, the rebellious Clans or stay Neutral . You can also venture into the enormous Shadowlands to fight legendary monsters, or defend the world against a brutal Alien Invasion . Decide your Destiny Unique and Deep Game Systems Enhance your body with high tech implants and powerful nanotechnology before putting on the gear you want. Equipping gear is based on stats instead of levels , so you can create an intricate ladder of gear, perks, implants and buffs to reach incredible heights of power! Join the Battle Battle for the Future Fight for dominance on Rubi-Ka by controlling Tower Fields . Defend your faction's territory and wage war across the land. Join brutal fights aboard the Battlestation and earn your place among the stars, or take on the Tarasque Player versus Player Dungeon challenge! Choose your Faction Over 20 years of amazing sci-fi content PLAY FOR FREE No subscription is required to play Anarchy Online & Notum Wars booster pack. Rules of Conduct Terms of Service Credits Uninstall Privacy Policy Video use policy © 2007-2019, "Anarchy Online"™ is a registered trademark of Funcom Oslo AS. All rights reserved. All logos, characters, names and distinctive likenesses thereof are intellectual property of Funcom Oslo AS unless otherwise noted. All other trademarks are the property of their respected owners.