   
MEMBERSHIP
HISTORY AI
ENCYCLOPEDIA
EDUCATION
MEDIA
CONTRIBUTE
SUPPORT US
ABOUT
LOGIN
World History Encyclopedia
Year-End Giving
World History Encyclopedia exists because of you. This year, your support will help us decide what comes next! Every donation is also a vote. Help us choose the next topic our writers will bring to life.

$10120 / $15000
❤ DONATE
FEATURED DEFINITION
Definition
Magi
The Magi are the visitors who came to Bethlehem to worship the newly-born Jesus of Nazareth in the gospel of Matthew (2:1-2). 'Magi' is a transliteration...
 
FEATURED IMAGE
Image
Preparing the Yule Log
The Christmas tradition of preparing the Yule log at Hever Castle, to be burnt over the twelve days of Christmas, painting by Robert Alexander Hillingford...
Free for the World, Supported by You

World History Encyclopedia is a non-profit organization. Please support free history education for millions of learners worldwide for only $5 per month by becoming a member. Thank you!

BECOME A MEMBER   DONATE
Collection
Events and People of the Texas Revolution - The War That Made America
The Texas Revolution (1835-1836) is one of the most important events in American history as it established the Texas Republic, leading to the annexation...
 
Article
Siege of Petersburg - Trench Warfare in the US Civil War
The Siege of Petersburg (June 1864 to April 1865), or the Richmond-Petersburg Campaign, was among the last military operations of the American Civil...
 
Definition
Kellogg-Briand Pact - When 63 States Signed Up for Peace
The Kellogg-Briand Pact was an agreement signed in August 1928 by 63 countries, which all promised, after the horrors of the First World War (1914-18...
 
Article
The Death of the Harpe Brothers - Murder and Retribution in Colonial America
Daily life in Colonial America was hard, and travel was dangerous. One could easily be robbed or killed by any number of outlaws or people simply driven...
 
Article
Civil War Generals in the Mexican-American War - Friends Who Became Enemies
In 1846, graduates of West Point Military Academy were deployed to fight in the Mexican-American War (1846-1848). Less than 20 years later, many now...
 
Article
8 Innovative Weapons of World War I - How New Tech Transformed 20th-century Warfare
The First World War (1914-18) has a close association with static trench warfare dominated by heavy artillery and machine guns, but the conflict witnessed...
 
Article
Harpe Brothers - America's First Serial Killers
Colonial American history has many 'firsts' – Harvard University, the first institution of higher learning (1636), Bacon's Rebellion (1676), the first...
 
Collection
12 Events That Changed History - How the World as We Know it Came to Be
Many events can be said to have changed history, and not everyone might agree with all of those chosen for this collection, but – undeniably – these...
 
Definition
Locarno Pact - The Treaty that Won the Nobel Peace Prize
The Locarno Pact, actually a group of seven treaties (hence its other name: the Locarno Treaties), was signed on 1 December 1925 with the aim that peace...
 
Definition
Our Lady of Guadalupe - Patroness of the Americas
Our Lady of Guadalupe, also known as the Virgin of Guadalupe, is a title for a particular image of Mary, Mother of Jesus, as she appeared in the New...
 
Definition
Overland Campaign - Throwing Men Into the Meat Grinder of the US Civil War
The Overland Campaign (4 May to 12 June 1864) was a major Union offensive into Virginia, launched during the final year of the American Civil War (1861-1865...
 
Article
Key German Weapons of World War I
Superior weapons can win wars, and during the First World War (1914-18) all sides attempted to gain an advantage over the enemy by producing more and...
 
Article
Battle of Yellow Tavern - The Death of J. E. B. Stuart
The Battle of Yellow Tavern (11 May 1864) was a pivotal engagement of the American Civil War (1861-1865), not so much for any grand strategic reason...
 
Article
How Queen Victoria Celebrated Christmas - The Festive Traditions in the Royal Household
The way Queen Victoria (reign 1837-1901) and her family celebrated their Christmases became familiar to the public over the years, thanks to the intense...
 
Article
Battle of Cold Harbor - The 20-Minute Assault That Caused 7,000 Union Casualties
The Battle of Cold Harbor (31 May to 12 June 1864) was the final major engagement of the Overland Campaign, the large-scale Union offensive into Virginia...
 
Article
A Brief History of Genetics - How Genetics Transformed Medicine and Identity
Genetics is the study of how genes are transmitted across generations, which includes the genetic information that produces an individual's traits...
About Us

We are a non-profit organization publishing the world's most read history encyclopedia.

Our mission is to engage people with cultural heritage and to improve history education worldwide.

LEARN MORE
Media Library

Explore our Media Library with 22,148 images, videos, and 3D models.

VIEW MEDIA LIBRARY
Awards
     

History delivered to you once a week:

Are you a...?

History Enthusiast
Teacher
Student
Librarian
Statistics

2,898	definitions
1,689	articles
19,148	illustrations
2,588	videos
412	3D images
12,799	translations
1,230	contributors
36,371	registered users

What in the world was happening in the 14th century? Violence, uprisings, power struggles, wars, climate change, an epidemic, extensive trade networks – a new world order was emerging, one that fundamentally shaped the societies we see across the globe today.

LEARN MORE

 

REMOVE ADS

Numerous educational institutions recommend us, including Oxford University. We have been reviewed for educational use by Common Sense Education, Internet Scout (University of Wisconsin), Merlot (California State University), OER Commons, the School Library Journal and Teach Magazine. Please note that some of these recommendations are listed under our former name, Ancient History Encyclopedia.

Our Mission Our mission is to engage people with cultural heritage and to improve history education worldwide.
Follow Us      
About • Contact • Blog • Sponsorship • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use • Partners • Supporters • Newsletter • Settings

World History Foundation is a 501(c)3 charity registered in the United States.
World History Publishing is a non-profit organization registered in the United Kingdom.
World History Foundation is a non-profit organization registered in Québec, Canada.

Some Rights Reserved (2009-2025) under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike license unless otherwise noted.

The World History Encyclopedia logo is a registered trademark.

Featured Partner 