News | Ancient Origins Skip to main content Today is: My Account Sign Out Sign In Subscribe Why Subscribe? Main menu News General History & Archaeology Science & Space Evolution & Human Origins Mysterious Phenomena Origins Science Religions Folklore History Ancient Traditions Famous People Important Events Artifacts Ancient Technology Ancient Writings Other Artifacts Myths Europe Asia Americas Australia Africa Places Europe Asia Americas Australia & Oceania Africa Antarctica Unexplained Weird Facts Premium Articles Magazines SCRIBE Ebooks SCHOLAR & SAGE Ebooks Webinars Talk to An Expert Videos Virtual Tours Heritage Broadcasting Films Free Virtual Tour SHOP Search Breaking news Byzantine Pilgrims' Flask Mold Reveals Ancient Souvenir Industry Posted on: December 30, 2025 Rare Medieval Flail Weapon Discovered Near Battle of Grunwald Site Posted on: December 30, 2025 Bronze Age Burial Reveals Ancient Chinese Red Rice Wine Recipe Posted on: December 29, 2025 Ancient Horse Bone Skates Reveal Winter Innovation Posted on: December 28, 2025 Ancient Art Therapy? Chinchorro Mummification as Emotional Healing Posted on: December 27, 2025 Latest Articles Post on Dec 30, 2025 Rare Medieval Flail Weapon Discovered Near Battle of Grunwald Site Ancient Technology , Artifacts Post on Dec 29, 2025 Bronze Age Burial Reveals Ancient Chinese Red Rice Wine Recipe Ancient Technology , Artifacts Post on Dec 28, 2025 Ancient Horse Bone Skates Reveal Winter Innovation News , History & Archaeology Post on Dec 27, 2025 Ancient Art Therapy? Chinchorro Mummification as Emotional Healing Sign Up for Premium Ads-FREE Content News 0 Comments News Byzantine Pilgrims' Flask Mold Reveals Ancient Souvenir Industry Continue Reading Featured News NEWS Rare Medieval Flail Weapon Discovered Near Battle of Grunwald Site Post on: Dec 30, 2025 Amateur detectorists exploring the historic fields near Gietrzwałd, Poland, have unearthed a remarkably rare medieval flail weapon known as a kiścień - onl NEWS Bronze Age Burial Reveals Ancient Chinese Red Rice Wine Recipe Post on: Dec 29, 2025 NEWS Ancient Horse Bone Skates Reveal Winter Innovation Post on: Dec 28, 2025 NEWS Ancient Art Therapy? Chinchorro Mummification as Emotional Healing Post on: Dec 27, 2025 New research examining 7,000-year-old mummies from Chile's Atacama Desert has reveal Premium Articles Ancient Priests Hacked Consciousness With Sound Dec 25, 2025 Alchemy, Angels, and the Rosicrucian Shadows in Rudolf II's Court Post on Dec 23, 2025 In the shadowy halls of Prague's imperial court, where the boundaries between science, magic, and divine revelation blurred, Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II gathered the era's most enigmatic minds Anomalous Biological and Geological Phenomena in the Antarctic Interior Caligula’s Sisters in the Plot of the Three Daggers Inside the Ancient Egyptian Scheme to Strip Royal Tombs Human Origins 0 comments The Enigmatic Origins of Cro Magnon: Europe's First Humans (Video) May 24, 2024 Human Origins , Folklore Human Origins According to Ancient Greek Mythology Post on Jul 08, 2020 Every culture has an explanation about how we got here. The ancient Greeks were no different. The dramatic story of the origins of humanity in Greek mythology involves love, pain, and a hefty dose of Top Ten Myths about Neanderthals The Nephilim: Giant Offspring of the Sons of God and the Daughters of Man? The human skull that challenges the Out of Africa theory History 0 comments The Mysterious Thracians: Unveiling Their Unique Culture and Legacy Aug 05, 2024 History , Ancient Traditions The Therapeutae and the Secrets of Ancient Monastic Life Post on Jul 16, 2024 The Therapeutae are an ancient Jewish ascetic community, shrouded in mystery and truly obscure. Much of what we know about them comes from the writings of Philo of Alexandria, a Hellenistic Jewish Battle of Jaxartes, 329 BC - Alexander's Best Battle? Ninja and Shinobi: Fact vs. Fiction (Video) King Charles III Artifacts 0 comments The Swan Helmet of Tintignac, the Pinnacle of Gaulish Elegance Nov 18, 2024 Artifacts , Ancient Writings Infancy Gospel of Thomas Post on Jun 13, 2024 The earliest manuscript of the Infancy Gospel of Thomas, dating to the 4th-5th century, has been discovered, with implications for early Christian studies. Six Things That Made the Colosseum Unique (Video) Pompeii's Graffiti: An Ancient Form of Social Media (Video) The Piraeus Lion of Venice: Runes and Roaming from Greece to Italy Recent Shorts Myths & Legends 0 comments Lovelock Cave: A Tale of Giants or A Giant Tale of Fiction? Jan 18, 2022 Myths & Legends , Africa Roman Historian’s Cleopatra’s Pearl Story: Is It Fact or Fiction? Post on Sep 01, 2021 “Cleopatra’s Pearl” is a story told by the Roman author Pliny the Elder in his famous long-read book Natural History. According to this tale, the last Ptolemaic ruler of Egypt, Cleopatra VII, drank a Myth of the Minotaur: The Making of a Monster Hidden in Plain Sight: The Pterodactyl of New Guinea Was There Ever a Trojan War? Ancient Places 0 comments Ollantaytambo: The Inca Fortress That Defied Conquistadors May 31, 2024 Africa Underwater Military Ship and Burials Found at Thonis-Heracleion, Egypt Post on Jul 20, 2021 The island-city of Thonis-Heracleion and its famous Temple of Amun was located in Egypt’s Abu Qir Bay, just north of Alexandria, Egypt. Greeks later settled in Thonis-Heracleion during the late Fort Ross – When Russians Colonized North America The Argead Dynasty and the Founding of the Kingdom of Macedonia The Lupanare: Prostitution and Houses of Pleasure in Ancient Pompeii Unexplained Phenomena 0 comments Experts Crack How Maya Astronomers Accurately Predicted Solar Eclipses Oct 27, 2025 News , Science & Space , Unexplained Phenomena UFO Activity Near Nuclear Sites Gains Peer-Reviewed Validation Post on Oct 27, 2025 Scientists have published groundbreaking peer-reviewed research establishing a statistical connection between mysterious aerial objects and Cold War-era nuclear weapons testing. The study represents a A Journey Into Chattanooga's Ghostly Supernatural Underground Use of Quantum Interferometry at Megalithic Sites: Turning to Quantum Physics The Mysterious Roman Dodecahedrons: What the Heck Are These Things? Weird Facts of History 0 comments Did Oliver Cromwell Really Ban Mince Pies in England? Dec 19, 2025 Artifacts , News , History & Archaeology 10 Weird Archaeological Facts That Will Blow Your Mind Post on Feb 22, 2025 Archaeology isn’t just about dusty ruins and ancient pottery—it’s full of bizarre discoveries that challenge what we think we know about the past. From mysterious artifacts to unusual burial practices Romans Are Said to Have Ingested Fish Brains That Caused Hallucinations The Gruesome Goat’s Tongue: Greatest Torture of All Time? Podcast: History Fuzz: Episode 06: Dr. Robert Weiner. Anasazi ceremonial ways and the Mount Wilson Meridian Popular Articles News , Evolution & Human Origins Ancient Humans Bred with Completely Unknown Species Artifacts , Ancient Writings , News The Sumerian King List Reveals the Origin of Mesopotamian Kingship News , Human Origins , Folklore The Origins of Human Beings According to Ancient Sumerian Texts News , Evolution & Human Origins Initial DNA analysis of Paracas elongated skull released – with incredible results Human Origins , Science The human skull that challenges the Out of Africa theory SUBSTACKS Ancient Civilisations Greek Mythology Norse Mythology Ancient Egypt Ancient Rome Ancient Mesopotamia Recent Videos Ancient Origins 1 Riverwood Timolin Kildare R14CK30 Ireland Copyright © 2013 - 2025 Ancient Origins. A project of Stella Novus Disclaimer - Terms of Publication Privacy Policy & Cookies - Advertising Policy Recent comments News , Evolution & Human Origins شركة تنظيف بالمملكة العربية السعودية News , Evolution & Human Origins شركة تنظيف بالمملكة العربية السعودية News , Evolution & Human Origins I was diagnosed with… Ancient Origins Galleries Footer menu About us Meet the Team In the Media Expeditions Premium Membership FAQ Submissions Contact Copyright © 2013 - 2025 Ancient Origins. A project of Stella Novus