ANDRITZ GROUP Skip to main content en English Deutsch Site directory ANDRITZ GROUP Menu Search en English Deutsch Site directory ANDRITZ GROUP Menu Search Our technologies and solutions enable the green transition Read more ANDRITZ GROUP ANDRITZ GROUP Newsroom Careers Sustainability OUR BUSINESS AREAS PULP & PAPER METALS HYDROPOWER ENVIRONMENT & ENERGY MORE ANDRITZ SOLUTIONS Automation Cyber security Metris - Digital Solutions Environmental solutions Feed & Biofuel Marine Offshore Nonwoven and textile Panelboard Power-to-X Pumps Recycling Separation Thermal power ANDRITZ Ventures Our technologies and solutions enable the green transition Read more Search No video available. Creating Growth that Matters With our commitment to sustainable industrial transformation, innovation and investments in decarbonization, we create growth that matters. Watch the video HydroNews No. 39 Power and the river of life Energy, economy, and diversity — why rivers are more than just water. Read the story About us ANDRITZ as a company A globally leading supplier of process technologies, equipment, plants and automation Read more about us Subscribe Newsletters Explore the latest news from your industry by subscribing to our newsletters See more and subscribe Comprehensive portfolio Leading solutions to the pulp & paper, metals, hydropower and environment & energy sectors Global presence 30,000 employees, 280 locations, and 80 countries worldwide Green technologies A recognized pioneer in innovative, economically viable solutions for green transition The world of ANDRITZ The world of ANDRITZ Product finder Explore the world of ANDRITZ Find out more and discover the offering of our businesses. PULP & PAPER METALS HYDROPOWER ENVIRONMENT & ENERGY Automation Clean air technologies Feed & Biofuel Marine/Offshore Nonwoven and textile Panelboard Power-to-X & green hydrogen Pumps Recycling Separation Thermal power Service solutions Discover our solutions Solutions and services for different industries and end-markets all over the world. Select industry Select process Select product group View products or Search by keyword Search Sustainability We contribute to a more sustainable world with our technologies and activities at our locations Sustainability has always been an integral part of our corporate strategy – because WE really CARE. That is where our ESG program’s name comes from. Find out how we at ANDRITZ take responsibility for the environment, people & society, and our business partners and which products and solutions we provide to enable the green transition. More about sustainability Mar 25, 2025 Suzano's groundbreaking pulp mill in Brazil The world’s largest single-line pulp mill transforms wood into renewable power and pulp, pushing new limits in sustainable production. Read more Mar 25, 2025 The story behind the landmark Yusufeli hydropower project For centuries, the Çoruh River in Türkiye was known as an untamable force of nature. Harnessing the river’s energy seemed an insurmountable challenge – until now. Read more Mar 25, 2025 The liquid that fuels Texas's industrial boom As Texas is building its first major semiconductor plant, the quiet work of water treatment plays a central role in sustaining progress. Read more Jan 17, 2025 ANDRITZ hydropower technology for Greenko In India, pumped storage technology plays an important role in ensuring grid stability and coping with volatile solar and wind power supplies. Read more Jan 17, 2025 SANKO. Fundamentally Changing the Textile World. With a history of responsible business stretching back 118 years, SANKO TEXTILE is a cornerstone of SANKO HOLDING, one of Turkey’s strongest and best-known family enterprises. Read more Jan 26, 2025 UPM Paso de los Toros pulp mill At almost 3.5 billion US dollars, UPM Paso de los Toros is the biggest capex project by one of the biggest forestry companies in the world. The technologies deployed by ANDRITZ delivered on the dedication to sustainability. Read more Cases and insights Success stories Discover our most recent articles and case stories across industries. Dec 18, 2025 HydroNews 39 (EN) Read more Dec 19, 2025 ThioKraft: Sodium sulfur balance in control with major chemical savings ANDRITZ SulfoLoop™ sulfur recovery plant uses ThioKraft technology, a new and clear example of what can be achieved at a pulp mill to control the sodium-sulfur balance, at the same time as enabling significant savings in chemical use. Read more Dec 12, 2025 Wood chip side streams from sawmills: With pulp mills facing rising demand for high-quality wood chips along with constrained log supply in some regions, sawmills are well positioned to capitalize on wood chip byproducts as a valuable revenue stream. ANDRITZ has all the dedicated solutions for sawmill operators to optimize production, ensuring consistent delivery of premium wood chips to meet pulp industry needs. Read more Dec 19, 2025 ThioKraft: Sodium sulfur balance in control with major chemical savings ANDRITZ SulfoLoop™ sulfur recovery plant uses ThioKraft technology, a new and clear example of what can be achieved at a pulp mill to control the sodium-sulfur balance, at the same time as enabling significant savings in chemical use. Read more Dec 12, 2025 Wood chip side streams from sawmills: With pulp mills facing rising demand for high-quality wood chips along with constrained log supply in some regions, sawmills are well positioned to capitalize on wood chip byproducts as a valuable revenue stream. ANDRITZ has all the dedicated solutions for sawmill operators to optimize production, ensuring consistent delivery of premium wood chips to meet pulp industry needs. Read more Dec 19, 2025 Optimizing wood chip quality: Big savings and a leap in pulp production ANDRITZ’s deep knowledge of woodyard operations combined with its state-of-the-art processing technology enables pulp producers to achieve remarkable financial results when it comes to reducing wood loss, improving chip quality, and optimizing fiberline performance Read more Mar 25, 2025 Forging the future: How ArcelorMittal and ANDRITZ reinvented automotive manufacturing A partnership between ArcelorMittal and ANDRITZ has revolutionized how vehicle components are made, combining innovation with precision to deliver lighter, safer, stronger, and more sustainable parts. Read more Jan 7, 2025 Final acceptance at AMAG Rolling GmbH, Austria The new surface treatment line for high-quality aluminum surfaces has been handed over to the customer. This line produces a wide range of special and decorative surface products for applications in architecture, consumer electronics, and the automotive industry, including trim parts and tread plates. Read more Oct 3, 2024 Baoti rolling mill system upgrading ANDRITZ Metals has recently celebrated a remarkable achievement with the successful upgrade of the Baoti rolling mill system for Baoji Titanium Industry Co., Ltd. in Baoji, China. The project entailed a comprehensive update of the Human-Machine Interface (HMI) project migration to a new Industrial PC (IPC) with Windows 10, inclusive of all necessary licenses, and a level 2 systems upgrade to Windows 10 on new IPCs. Read more Dec 18, 2025 HydroNews 39 (EN) Read more Jul 2, 2025 HydroNews Africa (EN) Read more Sep 30, 2025 Powering Türkiye's future: The story behind the landmark Yusufeli hydropower plant The story behind the landmark Yusufeli hydropower plant Read more Oct 9, 2025 Striving for the 1.5°C – Biogenic CO₂ is what’s been missing from the renewable fuel industry To restrict global warming to a maximum of 1.5°C as stated in the Paris Agreement, the global emissions would need to be reduced by 43% by 2030 and net zero reached by 2050. We at ANDRITZ see that reaching this goal calls for more than just promises. It requires resilient infrastructure, strong investments, and robust industrial execution. Only through these actions can solutions, like capturing biogenic CO₂, be turned into profit and become true game changers in reaching the climate targets. Read more Jun 27, 2025 The Hydrogen Backbone Why Europe’s pipeline infrastructure is the key to scalable, low-cost green energy. Read more May 16, 2025 Modernizing Waste-to-Energy Plants for a Decarbonized Future When looking to increase the availability and sustainability of its waste-to-energy plant located in north-east Bavaria, Germany, the Zweckverband Müllverwertung Schwandorf association turned to ANDRITZ for its expertise in flue gas cleaning technology. As well as the increased performance of the plant, the environmental factors have now also measurably improved. Read more Newsroom Latest press releases See all news Dec 19, 2025 Yanpai expands nonwovens capacity with two new ANDRITZ needlepunch lines Zhejiang Yanpai Filter Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Yanpai”) has placed an order with international technology group ANDRITZ for two high-performance needlepunch lines. Read more Dec 16, 2025 Guangxi Botare Yuantrove Paper selects ANDRITZ to supply a lime kiln plant for its new pulp mill in China Guangxi Botare Yuantrove Paper has awarded international technology group ANDRITZ an order to supply a state-of-the-art lime kiln plant for its new pulp mill in Yugui Industrial Park, Guigang City, China. Read more Dec 12, 2025 ANDRITZ starts up sludge drying plant at Eldorado Brasil Celulose International technology group ANDRITZ, which supplied the technology and developed the new biological sludge drying plant for Eldorado Brasil Celulose’s pulp mill in Três Lagoas, Brazil, celebrated the plant’s successful start of operations. Read more Dec 12, 2025 Statkraft selects ANDRITZ to refurbish Svartisen hydropower plant in Norway Statkraft Energi AS has selected international technology group ANDRITZ to refurbish key components of the Svartisen hydropower plant in Norway. Read more Dec 9, 2025 Tata Steel awards ANDRITZ order for acid regeneration plant Tata Steel has awarded international technology group ANDRITZ an order to supply an acid regeneration plant for its steel production facility at Port Talbot Works, Wales, UK. Read more Dec 9, 2025 ANDRITZ to supply flue gas treatment systems for TVA power plant in the US The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) has awarded international technology group ANDRITZ a contract to supply advanced flue gas treatment systems for the Shawnee Fossil Plant in Paducah, Kentucky, USA. Read more Dec 2, 2025 Paper Corea starts up ANDRITZ shoe press with record line load for packaging paper in South Korea Paper Corea Inc. has successfully started up a Prime Press X shoe press supplied by international technology group ANDRITZ at its paper mill in Gunsan, South Korea. Read more See all news Andritz worldwide Our locations ANDRITZ operates over 280 sites worldwide. Please obtain contact details of our global locations below. Select continent Select country Select city View locations Didn't find what you were looking for? Popular topics, downloads and key information about ANDRITZ Start your career at ANDRITZ Careers & open jobs Company presentations Download presentations Financial & sustainability reports Explore reports ANDRITZ in brief ANDRITZ at a glance A brief summary of key ANDRITZ information CREATING GROWTH THAT MATTERS ANDRITZ creates growth that matters — for the business, the people and our planet. With a passion for innovative technologies, we drive the green transition by helping industries worldwide enhance efficiency, reduce waste and minimize emissions. We help our customers achieve their sustainability and business goals, whether driving decarbonization, accelerating digitalization or strengthening customer service. ANDRITZ GROUP International technology group headquartered in Austria, with around 30,000 employees and over 280 locations in more than 80 countries. Supplies plants, equipment, automation, and services for pulp and paper, metals, hydropower, and environment & energy sectors. Founded in 1852, ANDRITZ has grown into a global leader known for engineering excellence and long-term customer partnerships. A balanced market presence globally and diversified customer base. Purpose-driven to make a lasting impact by enabling sustainable solutions for the industries of the future. OUR BUSINESS AREAS Pulp & Paper: Technologies and services for producing pulp, paper, tissue, and board — including automation, recycling, and decarbonization solutions. Metals: Equipment and turnkey lines for metals processing and forming, serving industries like automotive, steel, and battery manufacturing. Hydropower: Electromechanical systems, services, and digital solutions for new and existing hydropower plants supporting renewable energy generation. Environment & Energy: Sustainable technologies such as carbon capture, P2X and green hydrogen, separation, recycling, and pumps for various industrial sectors. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS AND SHARE Revenue of €8.3 billion, EBITA of €713 million, and order intake of €8.3 billion in 2024. Listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange (ticker: ANDR / ISIN: AT0000730007). View the current share price › Subscribe to our newsletters SUBSCRIBE Follow us Open Sidebar Icon Your Contact Contact Element Icon Icon Close ANDRITZ AG ANDRITZ AG ANDRITZ GROUP Headquarters Stattegger Strasse 18 8045 Graz +43 316 6902 0 welcome@andritz.com Get in contact Locations Locations Element Icon Scroll to Top Icon ANDRITZ as a company Industries Service solutions Suppliers and procurement Sustainability Careers Compliance Contact Products PULP & PAPER METALS HYDROPOWER ENVIRONMENT & ENERGY Automation Cyber security Digital Solutions – Metris Environmental solutions Feed & Biofuel Marine Offshore Nonwoven and textile Panelboard Power-to-X & green hydrogen Pumps Recycling Separation Thermal power Investors Financial calendar Annual, financial & sustainability reports Share chart ANDRITZ worldwide Austria Brazil Canada China Finland Germany United States All ANDRITZ locations ANDRITZ as a company Industries Service solutions Suppliers and procurement Sustainability Careers Compliance Contact Products PULP & PAPER METALS HYDROPOWER ENVIRONMENT & ENERGY Automation Cyber security Digital Solutions – Metris Environmental solutions Feed & Biofuel Marine Offshore Nonwoven and textile Panelboard Power-to-X & green hydrogen Pumps Recycling Separation Thermal power Investors Financial calendar Annual, financial & sustainability reports Share chart ANDRITZ worldwide Austria Brazil Canada China Finland Germany United States All ANDRITZ locations © ANDRITZ 2026 Sitemap Imprint Data privacy declaration Cookies policy Media policy Tax policy Terms of use Trademarks Patents Accessibility