Angelo State University Skip to Main content En Español welcome home Angelo State University Search Toggle Search Form Apply Toggle Main Menu Apply Get Info Give Academics Academic Programs Departments Colleges Courses Academic Advising Academic Calendar About ASU History Core Values News Traditions About San Angelo Welcome from the President Mission Statement Admissions & Aid Apply to ASU Admitted Students Request More Information Visit Angelo State University Paying for College Life on Campus Live Play Lead Work Explore Community ASU Mayer Museum Alumni Association Small Business Development Center West Texas Collection Natural History Collections Kay Bailey Hutchison Institute Laura W. Bush Institute for Women’s Health Arts at ASU Planetarium Stephens Chapel Ranch and Meat Market ASU Ticket Office Summer Camps and Conferences Give to ASU Make a Gift Signature Events Join Athletics Quick Links RamPort Library Bookstore Events Public Health Updates Administration Research Mental Health Services Title IX/Incident Report En Español Information For Current Students Faculty & Staff Admitted Students Military Parents & Families Alumni Visitors School Counselors Online Students In this section Angelo State University Academics Academic Programs Departments Colleges Courses Academic Advising Academic Calendar About ASU History Core Values News Traditions About San Angelo Welcome from the President Mission Statement Admissions & Aid Apply to ASU Admitted Students Request More Information Visit Angelo State University Paying for College Life on Campus Live Play Lead Work Explore Community ASU Mayer Museum Alumni Association Small Business Development Center West Texas Collection Natural History Collections Kay Bailey Hutchison Institute Laura W. Bush Institute for Women’s Health Arts at ASU Planetarium Stephens Chapel Ranch and Meat Market ASU Ticket Office Summer Camps and Conferences Give to ASU Make a Gift Signature Events Join Athletics Home / Angelo State University Your journey starts here. Academic Programs Discover what you love through our variety of academic offerings . Life on Campus Connect with your Ram Family and get plugged into campus life . Paying for College We’re committed to helping you graduate with as little debt as possible . Visit Us Explore our beautiful campus in person! Or take a virtual tour from the comfort of your own home. We’re with you every step of the way. Because that’s what family does. Our commitment to helping you succeed runs deep. Academic and Student Support Services Pride and Power. Turn passion into impact. “It’s important to give back, because ASU feels like home. Ram Fam is not just a slogan, it’s the culture of this campus. Everyone gives back and is always trying to help others.” Jarret Lujan , Class of 2016, 2017 Give Back Live a #RAMFAM life. Campus Events Campus News A Culture Based on Values Values are at the center of all we do, and each member of the Ram Family is part of our journey as we build a values-based culture. Angelo State Core Values 50% of ASU students graduate debt-free while at Angelo State. Financial Aid “If you are looking for a place to get a high-quality education at a moderate price and are serious about a career when you graduate, ASU is the place for you.” Corey Owens Class of 2005 and 2007 “ASU prepared me for my career by teaching me how to problem solve. Specifically, how to approach a large problem in small achievable steps. If you don’t give up, and you learn as you go, you can accomplish anything.” Travis Barnett Class of 2012, CEO, Centerline Engineering & Consulting “When I applied to ASU I was hoping for the ultimate college experience, little did I know that graduating debt free would be included as well!” Beth Simmons Class of 2019 “The faculty at ASU knew my worth before I saw it in myself. They helped pave a way for me.” Thalia Hernandez Class of 2020 “I’m very proud of the education I got at ASU and how I’ve been able to use it to help get me where I am today.” Shayne Brown Class of 1996, B.B.A. in Marketing “Not only does ASU support their students financially, but throughout the entire campus, from the AMAZING professors to thriving organizations. I couldn’t have chose a better university.” Beth Simmons Class of 2019 “This little campus appears innocuous due to its size and location, but it is teeming with brilliant professors, dedicated staff, and a real family atmosphere.” Heidi Moyer Doctor of Physical Therapy, Adjunct Professor, Class of 2016 “Angelo State is a place where people go to grow, develop and learn.” Henry Jackson President, Buckner Children Family Services, Class of 1994 “The first time I was ever on campus, I was already registering for classes. I’ve been so grateful to be a part of the Ram Fam. This is a place where you can be yourself and grow.” Hannah Cooper Classes of 2020 and 2021, Animal Science “The professors and staff know me by name and believe in me; something I wouldn’t get at another university.” Emily Richardson Class of 2026 “You’re getting a good education when you come to ASU.” Reilly Amsler Education, Early Childhood - 6 Generalist with ECH-12 Special Ed, Class of 2026 “The fact that ASU is more affordable than many universities offers an incredible opportunity to gain a quality learning experience at a great value.” Emily Hendryx Class of 2012 “I had a lot of options for undergrad, but not a day goes by that I’m not glad I came to Angelo State University!” Megg Dudley Class of 2021 “I couldn’t be in a more comfortable environment anywhere else. Angelo State is a second home to me.” Coulter McWilliams Music Education “I love our Core Values - they don’t disregard anyone. Anyone is welcome, and I really admire that.” Reilly Amsler Class of 2026 “As an international student I wanted to attend a trustworthy university with a verifiable legacy and hometown feeling in a suburban location. ASU ticked all the boxes!” Matthew Mbanga CEO of Foundations for Farming, Class of 2003 “Angelo State is the best option as far as the lower cost and the education you receive.” Marcus Jasso Class of 2024, Nursing “Angelo State was the first college that I actually felt at home at. I had a prior degree before Angelo State, but when people ask me – I’m a Ram.” Brian Gilbert Class of 1998 “I wish every college student could have the opportunity to experience what I had at Angelo State!” Jennifer Hendryx Parsons Class of 2009 “I chose ASU because it feels like a home away from home that will always support me throughout my future endeavors.” Sawyer Wright Management, Class of 2025 “Through the help of the Angelo State staff and faculty, I landed in a field that I never knew I would love. ASU’s faculty and staff got me to where I am today.” Brit Raley Class of 2019 “The opportunities available to me at, and because of, ASU were too good to not take advantage of.” Glenn Revell Class of 2016, M.Ed. in Coaching, Sport, Recreation and Fitness Administration “The opportunities I’ve been given have gone far beyond anything I ever imagined. Dream big, there’s so much more out there than even your best dream!” Kimberly Alvarez Class of 2026 80 Individual National Titles Athletics 5 National Championships Athletics 33 Lone Star Conference Championships Athletics If you want to go fast, go alone. But if you want to go far, go together. Go as a Ram. Apply Visit Us Request Info 2601 W. Avenue N San Angelo, TX 76909 1-800-946-8627 Campus Map Contact ASU University Directory RamPort Jobs at ASU Facebook X Instagram YouTube ©2025 Angelo State University All Rights Reserved Editor Login Scroll to Top TTU System Texas Tech University TTU Health Sciences Center TTUHSC El Paso Midwestern State University Institutional Résumés ASU Privacy Policy Weather and Emergency Notifications Mental Health Services Title IX/Incident Report State of Texas Statewide Search Texas Homeland Security Texas Veterans Portal State Auditor’s Office Fraud Prevention Site Policies