AngularJS — Superheroic JavaScript MVW Framework ﻿ Learn Tutorial FAQ Videos Case Studies Develop Developer Guide API Reference Error Reference Contribute Seed App project template GitHub Download Discuss Blog Twitter Feature & Bug Tracker Mailing List IRC Gitter AngularJS support has officially ended as of January 2022. See what ending support means and read the end of life announcement . Visit angular.io for the actively supported
              Angular. AngularJS Try the New Angular New Download AngularJS AngularJS support has officially ended as of January 2022. See what ending support means and read the end of life announcement . Visit angular.io for the actively supported
              Angular. View on GitHub Follow @angular Why AngularJS? HTML is great for declaring static documents, but it falters when we try to use it for
            declaring dynamic views in web-applications. AngularJS lets you extend HTML vocabulary
            for your application. The resulting environment is extraordinarily expressive, readable,
            and quick to develop. Alternatives Other frameworks deal with HTML’s shortcomings by either abstracting away HTML, CSS,
            and/or JavaScript or by providing an imperative way for manipulating the DOM. Neither of
            these address the root problem that HTML was not designed for dynamic views. Extensibility AngularJS is a toolset for building the framework most suited to your application
            development. It is fully extensible and works well with other libraries. Every feature
            can be modified or replaced to suit your unique development workflow and feature needs.
            Read on to find out how. The Basics Watch as we build this app Add Some Control Data Binding Data-binding is an automatic way of updating the view whenever the model changes, as
          well as updating the model whenever the view changes. This is awesome because it
          eliminates DOM manipulation from the list of things you have to worry about. Controller Controllers are the behavior behind the DOM elements. AngularJS lets you express the
          behavior in a clean readable form without the usual boilerplate of updating the DOM,
          registering callbacks or watching model changes. Plain JavaScript Unlike other frameworks, there is no need to inherit from proprietary types in order to wrap the
          model in accessors methods. AngularJS models are plain old JavaScript objects. This makes your code easy to
          test, maintain, reuse, and again free from boilerplate. Watch as we build this app × AngularJS Todo Tutorial Create Components Directives Directives are a unique and powerful feature available in AngularJS. Directives let
          you invent new HTML syntax, specific to your application. Reusable Components We use directives to create reusable components. A component allows you to hide complex
          DOM structure, CSS, and behavior. This lets you focus either on what the application
          does or how the application looks separately. Localization An important part of serious apps is localization. AngularJS's locale aware filters and
          stemming directives give you building blocks to make your application available in all
          locales. Locale: US Locale: SK Navigation, Forms and Backends Deep Linking A deep link reflects where the user is in the app. This is useful so users can bookmark
          and email links to locations within the app. Round trip apps get this automatically, but
          AJAX apps by their nature do not. AngularJS combines the benefits of deep linking with
          desktop app-like behavior. Form Validation Client-side form validation is an important part of a great user experience.
          AngularJS lets you declare the validation rules of the form without having to write
          JavaScript code. Write less code, go have beer sooner. Server Communication AngularJS provides built-in services on top of XHR as well as various other backends
          using third party libraries. Promises further simplify your code
          by handling asynchronous return of data. Testability Built-in Injectable The dependency injection in AngularJS allows you to declaratively describe how your
          application is wired. This means that your application needs no main() method which is usually an unmaintainable mess. Dependency injection is also a core to
          AngularJS. This means that any component which does not fit your needs can easily be
          replaced. Testable AngularJS was designed from ground up to be testable. It encourages behavior-view
          separation, comes pre-bundled with mocks, and takes full advantage of dependency
          injection. It also comes with end-to-end scenario runner which eliminates test flakiness
          by understanding the inner workings of AngularJS. Back to top Super-powered by Google ©2010-2021 Code licensed under the The
          MIT License . Documentation licensed under CC BY 4.0 .