Home
 
Movies
 
TV Series
 
Most Popular
 
Top Airing
Top search:
Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba - The Movie: Infinity Castle - Part 1: Akaza Returns
One Piece
One-Punch Man Season 3
Gachiakuta
Spy x Family Season 3
Chainsaw Man the Movie: Reze Arc
Overflow (Uncensored)
Black Clover
Bleach
Attack on Titan
View Full Site 
Share AniWatch

to your friends

270k
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Share
AniWatch.to - The best site to watch anime online for Free

Do you know that according to Google, the monthly search volume for anime related topics is up to over 1 Billion times? Anime is famous worldwide and it is no wonder we've seen a sharp rise in the number of free anime streaming sites.

Just like free online movie streaming sites, anime watching sites are not created equally, some are better than the rest, so we've decided to build AniWatch.to to be one of the best free anime streaming site for all anime fans on the world.

1/ What is AniWatch.to?

AniWatch.to is a free site to watch anime and you can even download subbed or dubbed anime in ultra HD quality without any registration or payment. By having only one ads in all kinds, we are trying to make it the safest site for free anime.

2/ Is AniWatch.to safe?

Yes we are, we do have only one Ads to cover the server cost and we keep scanning the ads 24/7 to make sure all are clean, If you find any ads that is suspicious, please forward us the info and we will remove it.

3/ So what make AniWatch.to the best site to watch anime free online?

Before building AniWatch.to, we've checked many other free anime sites, and learnt from them. We only keep the good things and remove all the bad things from all the competitors, to put it in our AniWatch website. Let's see how we're so confident about being the best site for anime streaming:

Safety: We try our best to not having harmful ads on AniWatch.
Content library: Our main focus is anime. You can find here popular, classic, as well as current titles from all genres such as action, drama, kids, fantasy, horror, mystery, police, romance, school, comedy, music, game and many more. All these titles come with English subtitles or are dubbed in many languages.
Quality/Resolution: All titles are in excellent resolution, the best quality possible. AniWatch.to also has a quality setting function to make sure our users can enjoy streaming no matter how fast your Internet speed is. You can stream the anime at 360p if your Internet is being ridiculous, Or if it is good, you can go with 720p or even 1080p anime.
Streaming experience: Compared to other anime streaming sites, the loading speed at AniWatch.to is faster. Downloading is just as easy as streaming, you won't have any problem saving the videos to watch offline later.
Updates: We updates new titles as well as fulfill the requests on a daily basis so be warned, you will never run out of what to watch on AniWatch.
User interface: Our UI and UX makes it easy for anyone, no matter how old you are, how long have you been on the Internet. Literally, you can figure out how to navigate our site after a quick look. If you want to watch a specific title, search for it via the search box. If you want to look for suggestions, you can use the site's categories or simply scroll down for new releases.
Device compatibility: AniWatch works alright on both your mobile and desktop. However, we'd recommend you use your desktop for a smoother streaming experience.
Customer care: We are in active mode 24/7. You can always contact us for any help, query, or business-related inquiry. On our previous projects, we were known for our great customer service as we were quick to fix broken links or upload requested content.

So if you're looking for a trustworthy and safe site for your Anime streaming, let's give AniWatch.to a try. And if you like us, please help us to spread the words and do not forget to bookmark our site.

Thank you!

 

Trending Posts
#General 15 hours ago
0
unable to export my list to mal
it shows error 404 while trying to export list to MAL any suggestions on what to do ?
Devil
#Question 3 days ago
0
All servers Down
Guys non of the servers are working, what's the problem, is it due to the ban, it is there a buggy update happening?
Raleon
#Discussion 5 days ago
2
Get Head ummm WHAT!!!
Soo was watching an anime for whatever reason it refreshed and went back to the aniwatch page said GET HEAD ON THE WHITEPAGE LOL BRO WHAT
AnimePanda
#Feedback 5 days ago
4
2025-2026 Shows
i need new stuff to watch like stuff that came out in 2025 and that is coming out in 2026
Antwoine
#Question 5 days ago
2
Continue Watching to Watch List
How can I add the animes from "continue watching" to "watchlist" ? Is there a process that could make the work easier than opening every single anime from continue watching and manually clicking and adding them ? Do help me out on this one.
 ARITRA BAKSHI Dolphin
#Question 7 days ago
24
is there any good anime left?
allow me too explain ive watched anime for a long time and ive seen my fair share of good and bad anime ive seen over 500 anime and i swear im having a hard time finding good anime other then the ones i already have watched i would even go so far to say ive seen every genre of anime and every popular anime in those genres i am completly dry could i get some serious recomandations. now i know this is a near impossible task i dont wanna have too resort to doing random and just praying i find smth good pls help
Jeppe
Read more

© AniWatch.to. All rights reserved.