Ankama:Discover all our games, series, animated movies, graphic novels, novels, artbooks, figurines, and goodies. Support Sign in FR EN ES PT Ankama Games Animations Publications Boardgames Sign in FR EN ES PT FR EN ES PT Support WAVEN // ONLINE GAME The tactical RPGs revival is coming! Go to the Site Dofus // Online Game An epic adventure is waiting for you Go to the Site Wakfu // Online Game The strategic MMORPG with a real environmental and politic system Go to the Site Cosmobot // Mobile Jumper Planet Radiant // Manga The first French manga published in Japan Go to the Site Krosfighter // Premium Game Check out Krosfighter, Ankama's new party game! Go to the Site Our Company about careers press Our Creations games // dofus DOFUS is an RPG in which your strategy makes all the difference between victory and defeat! This free online game offers tactical turn-based combats. DOFUS is a massively multiplayer online role playing game ( MMORPG ) to download or play in your browser. In this strategic PC game , work in up to three of the 19 possible professions (hunter, alchemist, etc.). Earn "kamas" in exchange for your services or resources. Go to the Site board games // monster slaughter Flip the script and lead a family of monsters (werewolves, vampires, zombies, or golems) as they hunt down and slay insufferable college kids who have taken refuge in a cabin in the woods! Go to the Site MOBILE // NINDASH Smash through more than 90 levels and beat iconic bosses Go to the Site ANIMATION // ABRACA Two children with opposite characters, a rational geek and an impulsive righter of wrongs, will form an unusual team to help fairy-tale creatures solve their many problems. Go to the Site PUBLICATIONS // RADIANT Seth is an aspiring sorcerer from the Pompo Hills region. Like all sorcerers, he's an Infected, one of the rare living things to have survived contact with the Nemeses, creatures from the sky that contaminate and decimate everything they touch. His apparent immunity led him down a path he seemed destined to follow: to become a hunter and fight the Nemeses, but most of all, to find Radiant, where they supposedly came from. Go to the Site News © 2025 Ankama . All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions of Use - Privacy Policy - General Conditions of Sale - Legal Notice - Manage Cookies This website uses cookies to compile visit statistics and offer you videos, social media sharing buttons, personalized ads, and a chat service. We keep your choice for six months. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the "Manage Cookies" button at the bottom of each page on our website. Find out more about our cookie policy customize my choices reject all accept all Some of this website's features (content sharing on social media, direct viewing of videos) rely on services provided by third-party sites. These features use cookies that notably allow these sites to track your navigation. These cookies are only placed if you allow it. You may learn more about the type of cookies used, and allow them or reject them either in entirety for the entire website and services, or on a service-by-service basis. All Preferences for All Services All Allow Forbid Audience and Ads Audience cookies make it possible to collect information relating to the connection and behavior of visitors for statistical purposes. All Allow Forbid Facebook Tracker Allow Forbid Google Analytics Allow Forbid Other Allow Forbid Social Media Social media make it possible to enhance site conviviality and help promote the site through sharing. All Allow Forbid Facebook Allow Forbid Google Plus Allow Forbid Twitter Allow Forbid Discord Allow Forbid Powr Io Allow Forbid Media Media services make it possible to enhance the site with multimedia content and increase its visibility. All Allow Forbid YouTube Allow Forbid Twitch Allow Forbid Giphy Allow Forbid Other Cookies to Enhance User Experience All Allow Forbid Google Maps Allow Forbid