AnnounceKit · Announcement App & Software for Product Updates Product Features Powerful features for any use case Integrations Automate Product Workflow with Zapier Integrations Widgets Eye-catching notifications inside your app Use Cases Keep a changelog Interactive changelog for your product Publish release notes Get your release notes noticed Announce product updates Manage product updates from a single place Manage feature requests Let customers request new features NPS Collect NPS from customers Announcements for mobile apps Announce product updates inside mobile app Audience segmentation Announce product updates inside mobile app Customer analytics Understand customer trends Customer feedback Collect customer feedback Wordpress plugin Easily integrate with Wordpress See all use cases Pricing We have a plan that works for you Partners Earn more revenue Updates See our widget in action. Login Start Free Announcement App for Product Updates & Software Updates AnnounceKit helps companies communicate product updates and news to their customers, increase feature adoption, and build customer trust. Start for free or Book a demo 4.8/5 based on 100+ reviews Effectively engage with customers with our announcement board software Manage your product announcements from a single place and easily distribute them across multiple channels. Increase feature adoption, user engagement and spread awareness about the updates. Impress potential customers with your progress and build customer trust. Product updates inside your app Get the perfect opportunity with eye-catching notification widgets to highlight your product announcements, updates, improvements, and news while your customers are using your app. Click to preview Standalone changelog for your product Keep a historical record of your progress by sharing product updates and release notes on a standalone public page. Impress visitors with your progress over time, build trust and turn them into customers. Click to preview Centralize all feature requests Collect feature requests from your customers and store them in one place. Users can vote on what they want to see you build as well. Reach out across multiple channels Reach your customers through all available communication channels. With Slack, email, and mobile notifications, you can ensure your customers are constantly in the loop, even if they don't visit your website regularly. Automate with AI Writing Assistant Spend less time on writing product announcements, and release notes. Just give a few keywords and some context, and Our AI-powered writing assistant will come up with a beautiful solid outline for your product announcement. Get Started for free with AnnounceKit! Inform your users about product updates and increase feature awareness. GET STARTED Get started in 10 seconds. No credit card required. What our customers are saying about us... Founders, product managers, marketers, and entrepreneurs love AnnounceKit. “We use Announcekit basically to communicate news to our users, both within our web app and in the blog that is created automatically with all entries. It is a process that we carry out in a very fast and efficient way with this tool.” Isabel Dimas Manager @ Gesforma “Started using it a number of months back as a marketing tool to promote news, blog posts, etc. on our homepage. Watched the numbers pretty closely and it kinda blew our mind with how effective it was. Highly recommend.” Gregg Blanchard VP of Marketing @ Inntopia “AnnounceKit has helped us bring more clarity to our website visitors, and educate our users about everything new at Waydev. Users get a collective page where they get to search and check if we have the right features that they need.” Mike Dums COO @ Waydev Took 2 mins to get setup and going. Really flexible in content and formatting. We include videos, gifs, and links in our release notes. It's also been great so that everyone on the team and easily have one place to track and see all our major releases. Philippe H. VP of Product How Waitwhile team announce their product updates easily and quickly Read case study I love a good customer journey. Shout out to announcekit Setup in minutes, Had a quick support q, heard back in <5 minutes, Setup custom domain & purchased in <30 minutes. Now we have a change log and it integrates with @intercom Mike Preuss Founder & CEO @ Visible See how AnnounceKit has become a big part of Sleeknote’s product marketing process Read case study Besides being easy to use and extremely flexible the absolutely best part of AnnounceKit is their support. It doesn't matter how good a solution is if the company behind it does not provide good and responsive support Ezra W. CTO Using AnnounceKit was just what we needed to simplify our release notes and other communications with our users. And it integrates right into our Intercom Messenger. Scott Fitzgerald Product Manager Read more reviews Supercharged product announcement tool We have many strong features to make your product change communication outstanding Boost important announcements There are always some updates that your users shouldn’t miss. So grab the attention of your visitors by enabling Boosters for important announcements. Send targeted notifications Segment your users depending on any property, such as their role, location, prior events, or anything else. Send announcements to just the users who are relevant depending on their segments. Publish in multiple languages If your audience speaks multiple languages, so can AnnounceKit. Create posts in multiple languages, easily publish translations and provide a completely localized. Collect user feedback See how users feel about new updates. Then, allow them to respond by clicking on emoji or send a comment directly. Let them know that their voices are being heard. Easy setup options Use code libraries and plugins to install notification widget in few clicks. Advanced design customization Customize appearance of widget and changelog to align with your brand. Hundreds of integrations Integrate with Slack, Microsoft Teams, Segment, Twitter, Linkedin and hundreds of other tools. Enterprise-grade security for business’ of any size Whether you have hundreds of employees or ten, you always have the same security Security Audits We continuously monitor our security and policies to align with industry security standards. GDPR Ready We think privacy is super important, no matter where you’re located. Single Sign-on No more passwords. Login with your company’s credentials to AnnounceKit. Access Control Set roles and give different level of permissions to your team members and viewers. Need more information? Book a demo with us. AnnounceKit Has Many Valuable Use Cases See various uses for how people use AnnounceKit Changelog Software Let your customers know what you've changed. Product Announcements Announce new features and news to your customers from a single place. Feature Request Tool Let customers request features and upvote what they want you to build. Release Notes Our tool helps you efficiently deliver product updates. Customer Feedback Centralize all your customer feedback in one place. Customer Analytics Easily track how customers engage with your updates. Email Newsletter Email your user base regularly to keep them up-to-date on your product releases. Product Roadmap Share your product roadmap with your customers so they know what to expect. Get Started for free with AnnounceKit! Inform your users about product updates and increase feature awareness. GET STARTED Get started in 10 seconds. No credit card required. The best way to announce product updates and news to your users ©2025 AnnounceKit LLC PRODUCT Widgets Features Integrations Pricing Partners USE CASES Changelog Tool Release Notes Tool Product Updates Tool Mobile Announcements Audience Segmentation Customer Analytics Customer Feedback Feature Requests Wordpress Plugin All use cases RESOURCES Documentation Help Center Product Updates Blog POPULAR ARTICLES Release Notes Example Product Release Management Changelog Example Keep a Changelog COMPANY Reviews Security Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us