We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only and will be stored in IABGPP_HDR_GppString cookie for 13 months. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
MORE OPTIONS
REJECT ALL
ACCEPT ALL

Publishers

Advertisers

Products

Hub

Press Coverage

Book a Demo
AI-driven marketing for incremental outcomes

Anonymised is an AI-driven data platform that helps publishers and advertisers understand, reach and measure incremental audiences at scale for better marketing outcomes.

Audience Targeting

Reach incremental audiences across web, mobile, social and CTV

Customer Discovery

Discover the profile and behaviour of your customers and prospects to guide your campaign decisions

Measurement

Drive and measure incremental conversions and incremental sales

Audiences are waning.
Budgets are shifting.
ROAS is decreasing.

To stay ahead, you need to find new, high value customers where your competitors are not looking. But your buying platforms all compete for the same inventory.


Anonymised gives you access to untapped audiences and inventory.

Anonymised connects publishers who want to better monetise their audiences and advertisers who want to increase marketing performance. Our cutting-edge, proprietary technology gives you scale, targeting accuracy and privacy compliance that you never thought was possible.

Target your audiences with accuracy

Deliver campaigns at scale across all channels using interest and intent data.

Measure and Optimise for real outcomes

Leverage dedicated AI agents to measure incremental conversions and optimise performance

Monetise 100% of your audiences

Push the boundaries of addressability: monetise all your audiences with cross-site data processed at the edge

Up to 50%

Incremental reach and conversions

Up to 40%

Higher ROAS

3 trillion

Untapped ad opportunities

Infinite

Segments available to marketers

Zero

Personal data disclosed

Think different. Stay ahead.
Book a Demo
Subscribe

©  Anonymised 2025

Book a Demo
For Publishers
View RSS Feed
For Advertisers
Data Account
Hub
Manage Consent Preferences
Privacy Policy
Press Coverage