Documentation
Galaxy
Forum
Resources
Ansible Automation Platform
Ansible Collaborative
A gathering space to build automation skills and success

Welcome to the Ansible® Collaborative, a destination for Ansible users, customers, partners, and vendors to learn and share automation content.

Join the Ansible forum
Looking for the enterprise product?

Learn about Red Hat® Ansible Automation Platform.

What is Ansible?

No matter your role, or your automation goals, Ansible can help you connect teams and deliver efficiencies.

Ansible is an open source IT automation engine that automates provisioning, configuration management, application deployment, orchestration, and many other IT processes. It is free to use, and the project benefits from the experience and intelligence of its thousands of contributors.

Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform combines more than a dozen upstream projects into a unified, security-hardened enterprise platform for mission-critical automation. It builds on the foundation of the open source project to create an end-to-end automation experience for cross-functional teams.

How Ansible works
Automate Policy as Code for consistency and compliance

Ansible’s automated Policy as Code capabilities will help you automate compliance and policy enforcement across the full operational life cycle that now includes AI—from creating automation to managing IT processes at scale. Join the Ansible Policy as Code advocacy group to learn best practices, share your ideas with others, and help to shape this technology as it develops.

Customers
Partners
Learn Ansible skills
Documentation
Introduction to Ansible
Start automating with Ansible
Create a playbook
Explore Ansible concepts
Build an inventory
Interactive labs
Writing first Ansible playbook
Intro to Ansible automation controller
Get started with ansible-navigator
Get started with ansible-builder
Get started with Event-Driven Ansible and Ansible rulebooks
Explore Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform learning materials and tools
Ready to move from patchwork to platform?

You already know the benefits of upstream Ansible tools. But if your organization is ready to take automation to the next level, it's time to consider Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform. It delivers more capabilities-like event-driven automation and generative AI-that reduce manual effort and increase efficiency, as well as enhanced security and end-to-end technical support.

Get the details

Ansible collections

With Ansible Galaxy, you can jump-start your automation with pre-packaged roles and collections. Use this content in Ansible Playbooks to automate your work faster and improve productivity.

Featured collections
middleware_automation

Build, deploy, and manage multi-cloud application infrastructure at scale by automating Kafka, WildFly, Infinispan, Keyclock and more with the Ansible Middleware Collections.

Learn more
kubernetes.core

Automate the provisioning and maintenance of Kubernetes and OpenShift clusters as well as the management of applications with the kubernetes.core Collection.

Learn more
community.vmware

Manage all your VMWare infrastructure, including vSphere, the Datacenters, Clusters and your Virtual Machines with the Ansible community.vmware Collection.

Learn more
Explore all collections on Ansible Galaxy
Automation adoption

Expanding automation in your organization requires expertise in both technology and culture. Red Hat excels in creating and supporting successful communities, and we can help you build yours.

Learn how to build a CoE
Ansible ecosystem

The projects in the Ansible collaborative let you expand automation to an unlimited set of use cases.

Ansible Core

Learn about the Ansible programming language, automation tooling, and architectural framework.

Read the docs
Event-Driven Ansible

Subscribe to event sources to scale automation and deliver more efficient IT operations.

Read the docs
Developer tools

Use tooling to develop and test Ansible content for consistent, trusted automation.

Read the docs
View all projects

© 2025 Red Hat

About Red HatPrivacy statementTerms of useAll policies and guidelinesDigital accessibility Cookie preferences

Sponsored by 