Home \ Anthropic Skip to main content Skip to footer Research Economic Futures Commitments Initiatives Transparency Responsible Scaling Policy Trust center Security and compliance Learn Learn Anthropic Academy Use cases Engineering at Anthropic Developer docs Company About Careers Events News Try Claude Try Claude Try Claude Learn more about Claude Products Claude Claude Code Claude Developer Platform Pricing Contact sales Models Opus Sonnet Haiku Log in Claude.ai Claude Console EN This is some text inside of a div block. Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Download app Download app Download app Research Economic Futures Commitments Initiatives Transparency Responsible Scaling Policy Trust center Security and compliance Learn Learn Anthropic Academy Use cases Engineering at Anthropic Developer docs Company About Careers Events News Try Claude Try Claude Try Claude Learn more about Claude Products Claude Claude Code Claude Developer Platform Pricing Contact sales Models Opus Sonnet Haiku Log in Claude.ai Claude Console EN This is some text inside of a div block. Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Download app Download app Download app AI research and products that put safety at the frontier AI will have a vast impact on the world. Anthropic is a public benefit corporation dedicated to securing its benefits and mitigating its risks. Claude Opus 4.5 Introducing the best model in the world for coding, agents, computer use, and enterprise workflows. Read announcement Read announcement Read announcement Learn more Introducing Claude Opus 4.5 Advanced tool use on the Claude Developer Platform Model details “ When you’re talking to a large language model, what exactly is it that you’re talking to? At Anthropic, we build AI to serve humanity’s long-term well-being. ‍ While no one can foresee every outcome AI will have on society, we do know that designing powerful technologies requires both bold steps forward and intentional pauses to consider the effects. That’s why we focus on building tools with human benefit at their foundation, like Claude. Through our daily research, policy work, and product design, we aim to show what responsible AI development looks like in practice. Core Views on AI Safety Learn more about our views on AI Safety Learn more about our views on AI Safety Anthropic’s Responsible Scaling Policy Learn more about our Responsible Scaling Policy Learn more about our Responsible Scaling Policy Anthropic Academy: Learn to build with Claude Access Anthropic Academy Access Anthropic Academy Featured Introducing Haiku 4.5 Announcements Oct 15, 2025 Introducing Sonnet 4.5 Announcements Sep 29, 2025 Anthropic Economic Index Economic Research Sep 15, 2025 Claude Opus 4.1 Announcements Aug 05, 2025 Project Vend Policy Jun 26, 2025 Agentic Misalignment Alignment Jun 20, 2025 Tracing the thoughts of a large language model Interpretability Mar 27, 2025 Want to help us build the future of safe AI? See open roles See open roles See open roles Speak with sales Speak with sales Speak with sales Footer © 2025 Anthropic PBC Products Claude Claude Code Claude in Chrome Claude in Excel Claude in Slack Max plan Team plan Enterprise plan Download apps Pricing Log in to Claude Models Opus Sonnet Haiku Solutions AI agents Code modernization Coding Customer support Education Financial services Government Life sciences Nonprofits Claude Developer Platform Overview Developer docs Pricing Regional Compliance Amazon Bedrock Google Cloud’s Vertex AI Console login Learn Blog Claude partner network Connectors Courses Customer stories Engineering at Anthropic Events Powered by Claude Service partners Startups program Tutorials Use cases Company Anthropic Careers Economic Futures Research News Responsible Scaling Policy Security and compliance Transparency Help and security Availability Status Support center Terms and policies Privacy choices Cookie Settings We use cookies to deliver and improve our services, analyze site usage, and if you agree, to customize or personalize your experience and market our services to you. You can read our Cookie Policy here . Customize cookie settings Reject all cookies Accept all cookies Necessary Enables security and basic functionality. Required Analytics Enables tracking of site performance. Off Marketing Enables ads personalization and tracking. Off Save preferences Privacy policy Responsible disclosure policy Terms of service: Commercial Terms of service: Consumer Usage policy © 2024 Anthropic PBC