Antstream Arcade | Play 1,300+ Retro Games Online top of page This Week's Tournament Boogie Wings Button Play Now Free Play Test Login or Subscribe Editions & Pricing The Home of Retro Games The Worlds Largest Official Retro Gaming Platform Click to Buy Click to Buy Button Buy & Download on PlayStation Store From 32.99* for an Annual Pass Buy & Download on PC/ Mac/Mobile Prices from 3.99* for a Monthly Pas s ​ Buy & Download  now on Xbox Store Prices from 32 .99* for an Annual Pass ​ ​ Click to Buy ​ Antstream Arcade is the world’s largest, fully licensed library of over 1,300 retro games, featuring iconic titles from Atari © , Bandai Namco © , Taito © , LucasArts © , IREM © , and more, faithfully optimised for modern play on PC, Mac, mobile, console and Smart TV's. Whether you’re a fan of SNES™, SEGA™, PS1™, Game Boy™, ZX Spectrum™, Amiga™, Amstrad™, or even coin-op Arcades, Antstream gives you unlimited access to an ever-expanding video game library packed with nostalgia.  With curated weekly tournaments, exclusive challenge modes and leaderboards, compete with your hi-scores against the global community or take on your friends in couch co-op classics. ​ Play Disney Games Disney’s The Lion King ™, Disney’s The Jungle Book ™, Disney’s Aladdin ™, and now Disney's The Little Mermaid ™, Disney's Goof Troop ™, and Disney's Bonkers ™ are now available on all platforms for instant play on Antstream Arcade. Filled with iconic characters, unforgettable soundtracks, and nostalgic, arcade gameplay, jump back in and experience some of the best titles from the 16-bit era with Disney games brought to you in their original formats from SNES , SEGA Genesis / Mega Drive , Game Boy and more. ​ ​ ​​​ Blizzard Arcade Collection Out Now L atest game drop -  Weds 12th November ​ Play Blackthorne, Rock & Roll Racing, The Lost Vikings 1,2 & 3 and RPM Racing. Play over 70 retro titles from Activision and Blizzard now available on Xbox Game Pass - powered by Antstream Arcade. LEARN MORE > MINI GAME CHALLENGES COUCH CO-OP COMMUNITY GAMES WORLD TOURNAMENTS DAILY CHALLENGE Join the millions already playing and start your retro journey with Antstream Arcade today. Editions & Pricing Click to Download  & Play Button Button Button Button Button Button Play Now Button Button Button Play Online Disney's Aladdin Play Online Strikers 1945 Play Online The Lion King Play Online Pinball Dreams: Nightmare Play Online PAC-MAN Play Online Rastan Play Online Ninja Gaiden Play Online Space Invaders Play Online GALAGA Play Online Bubble Bobble Play Online Reshoot R Play Online ROLLING THUNDER Play Online Mr. Do! Play Online R-Type Play Online Gunbird Play Online Exerion Discover More Page 1 of 78 Full Games Library Movers & Shakers Retro Evolved: Game Challenges Experience Your Favourite Games in a Whole New Way At Antstream, we don’t just preserve the classics—we evolve them. Our Challenges  feature is our unique twist on retro gaming, breathing new life into the titles you know and love. We’ve taken legendary games and modified them to create bite-sized, intense mini-challenges. Whether you are looking for a quick five-minute fix or a hardcore competitive session, our challenges transform standard gameplay into a battle for global Antstream Arcade: Features That Stand Out Step into a world where classic gaming meets modern convenience! Antstream Arcade is your ticket to reliving the golden age of video games with a fresh twist. Revolution “Shadow & Steel” Compilation Launches in Partnership with Antstream Antstream announces the launch of Revolution Software’s Shadow & Steel compilation, now available for purchase and download on Steam and coming soon to GoG. Termination of Contract with SNK This post serves as a notice of the termination of the contract agreement between SNK and Antstream Arcade which requires all SNK games are to be removed from the Antstream platform by the end of July, 2025. Click for the Antstream Blog ©2024 Disney, All Rights Reserved, Disney Entertainment. ©Antstream Ltd.  All trademarks, logos, and copyrights are the property of their respective owners. * Local pricing & availability may vary by market. Does not require Xbox Game Pass membership. Does not require PS Plus Membership. PlayStation Subscription services require a Credit Card for registration. Please visit the PlayStation Support Website for details. Please consult Editions &  Pricing  for compatibility. GameList Contact Us    | Support    | Health & Safety    | Privacy Policy    | Cookie Policy    | Terms of Use Media Kit   | Careers   | Partner Program Copyright © 2025 Antstream Ltd. bottom of page