Proper Email Security for Enterprises | Anubisnetworks Email Security Email Security Solutions We're fully dedicated to Email Security For Enterprises Anubis' Email Security Cloud and on-premises platforms for Enterprises in need of an advanced Email Security layer For Service Providers The Carrier-grade Email Security Platform used by Telcos and by Hosted service Providers, leveraging our Platform to provide their customers with top-of-class security. Technology Technology Systems Our Email Security integrates is augmented by integrating own and third party systems. Dynamic Malware Analysis A premium add-on to our Email Security solution, integrating our solution with Check Point's leading Malware Sandbox solution Mailspike RBL The World renown MailSpike Reputation blocklist, as a small-volume free verification service Integrations Our Email Security integrates seamlessly with both MS Office 365 and Google G-Suite, providing their much needed added security, robustness, email integrity, and control over mail flow. Office 365 Integration A (quick and free) integration will ensure your emails flow between Anubis, O365, and the internet Integration with Google Workspace A (quick and free) integration for protection of your corporate Gmail Partnerships Partner programs Anubis nurtures a Reseller and Integrator Partner with full support and no associated costs Technology Partnerships Our Platforms and Services stand on partnerships with leading global companies Resources Resources Take a look at our resources, to know more about our Products and Technology, as well as get some tips on how to take care of your Email Ecosystem Email Security Blog Customer Case Studies Product Datasheets White Papers Videos Company About the Company Anubisnetworks exists since 2006 it's a brand of MailSpike Technologies and it's all about Email Security Data Policies Contact Us Careers Go to Anubis' Mail Protection Cloud Go to Customers' Support Portal It's a Go! Get a Demo We’ll set up a conf call, and show you how it works Free Trial No costs. Redirecting your traffic to our system takes minutes to setup! How to Buy ...our product. Transparently Email Security THE CRITICAL LAYER OF SECURITY AGAINST EMAIL FRAUD AND MALWARE Start your free trial here A TRUE LAYER OF SECURITY FOR YOUR EMAIL ECOSYSTEM. STAND ABOVE THE TIDE. Is the standard (and stranded) Exchange protection enough for your organization? Our Email Security Platform is designed for complex organizations in need for a robust security system with a high level of operationalization, traffic routing, and compliance regulations -  The type of security and control levels you cannot obtain from the traditional Exchange / Microsoft 365 environments. Our Platform is available for Enterprises and for MSSPs / Telcos as a Cloud Service or as OnPrem machine(s).  The configuration is simply about routing the Email DNS records. It integrates seamlessly with any email system, including O365 and G Suite platforms, as well as many other Email systems, such as SIEMs,  and Archiving systems. Email Security for Enterprises Email Security for Service Providers SEE HOW OUR EMAIL PROTECTION CAN HELP YOU A Video ABOUT US A Datasheet on OUR CLOUD SERVICE ALL OUR TECHNOLOGY IS CONVERGED FOR SUPERIOR EMAIL SECURITY Our Threat intelligence ensures real time propagation of new defences Our Platforms stand below a powerful mesh of systems for Global Threat Intelligence, constantly evaluating and synchronising Network reputation, Malware signatures, and Bad email fingerprints.  This ecosystem supports all our platforms in real-time. Integration with Microsoft 365 and every other Email System Our Platforms integrate and add superior functionality to standard exchange platforms, such as Microsoft 365 and Google Workspace, and with the most demanding network architectures, including multiple relaying. A great set of Security Features, able to keep up the pace against evolving threats Our Platforms use sophisticated mechanisms such as Anti-fraud, DLP, Anti-spoofing, Sandbox-based Malware Analysis, and Authentication analysis on DMARC, MTA-STS, DANE, DKIM, SPF. 3rd Party Threat Intelligence fully integrated into our product We use 5 third party AntiMalware systems, such as Avira, Sophos, Bitdefender, and Check Point, as well as over a dozen different threat intelligence sources on reputation and spam analysis, all combined into an advanced Machine Learning mechanism for accurate results. Complete operationalization and control With several Admin role types, inheritable settings, and complete customisation of everything, including ways for your employees to act upon quarantined messages, our platforms are designed for organizations with complete control in mind. Email Critical Availability All messages can be made available in a backup, redundant solution , with a fully featured webmail (login via SSO) - Just in case your Exchange is down. Data Protection and Governance Every user action in our systems is audited, every message is logged. No emails are kept for any time (except quarantined ones), and each analysis comes with CSIRT-grade datasets. “The Email is still the most widely used means of communication by organizations between employees, customers, and partners. Well, this means it is essential that it works properly and that the flow of messages is fast and effective as it streamlines the entire business process“ Nuno Pereira  |  Information Systems Department at Casa da Música GET THIS Case Study We're trusted by the best See all case studies OUR LATEST CONTENT See more Ready to see how we can secure your business? Request a demo Claim your free trial Contact us × × × All our solutions MPS Email Security For Enterprises MPS Email Security for Service Providers Dynamic Malware Analysis for MPS MPS with Microsoft 365 MPS with G Workspace Resources Anubisnetworks' Blog Whitepapers Videos Case Studies Datasheets anubisnetworks About Mailspike Contacts and Addresses How to Buy Data Protection Quality system (PT) Programmes PT2030 (PT) Other resources Support Portal (Customers only) Mail Protection Cloud.EU Service Mailspike.io © AnubisNetworks 2026 • [EN] Privacy Policy • [PT] Política de Privacidade • Cookie Policy