Improve Campaign Performance With Ad Fraud Protection | Anura Skip to content NEW ULTIMATE GUIDE TO AD FRAUD Get It Now Have Questions? 888-337-0641 Product Accuracy Guarantee Why Anura? Client Journey Integration Plans & Pricing Solutions Features Channels Threats Industries Ad Fraud Detection Ad Tag Protect Search & Social Protect Affiliate Marketing Clicks Lead Generation Programmatic Search Arbitrage Account Takeover Bots Invalid Traffic Lawsuits Surveys TCPA Insurance Healthcare Financial Services Media & Entertainment Home Service Providers eCommerce Streaming & Gaming Travel & Hospitality Legal Resources Articles Downloads Tools Videos Ad Fraud Guide Blog Fraud Tidbits In The News Comprehensive Guide Case Studies Collateral eBooks One Pagers Reports White Papers Ad Fraud Calculator CPI & CPM Calculator CTR Calculator FAQ Glossary What is Anura? Popular Recent Videos Webinars Case Studies Podcasts Playlists Company About Clients Events Careers Contact Search Search Product Accuracy Guarantee Why Anura? Client Journey Integration Plans & Pricing Solutions Features Ad Fraud Detection Ad Tag Protect Search & Social Protect Channels Affiliate Marketing Clicks eCommerce Lead Generation Programmatic Search Arbitrage Threats Account Takeover Bots Invalid Traffic Lawsuits Surveys TCPA Industries Insurance Healthcare Financial Services Media & Entertainment Home Service Providers eCommerce Streaming & Gaming Travel & Hospitality Legal Resources Articles Ad Fraud Guide Blog Fraud Tidbits In The News Downloads Ad Fraud Guide Case Studies Collateral eBooks One Pagers Reports White Papers Tools Ad Fraud Calculator CPI & CPM Calculator CTR Calculator FAQ Glossary Videos What is Anura? Popular Recent Videos Webinars Case Studies Podcasts Playlists Company About Clients Events Careers Contact Fraud and Bot Detection 5 / 5 Based on 32 reviews Maximize Performance by Filtering Out Bots and Fraud The world’s most accurate fraud solution protects your web assets by eliminating bots, malware and human fraud, ensuring your content is seen by real people. GET FREE TRIAL Why Anura? Trusted by over 2 million domains Recognized as a leading expert in ad fraud technology What is Anura? The ad fraud solution that accurately identifies bots, malware and human fraud. As the world’s most accurate fraud solution, Anura protects your web assets by eliminating bots, malware, and human fraud, ensuring your content is seen by real people. Anura’s accuracy, thoroughness, and analytics are unmatched in the industry. Increase Campaign Performance Correctly identifying fraudulent activity provides a truer perspective on your campaign performance. Making data-driven decisions based on accurate data will drive more conversions and ultimately increase ROAS (return on ad spend). Reduce Wasted Ad Spend Reduce wasted ad spend by eliminating fraudulent activity. Free up your sales team to spend more time with real prospects and less time chasing fake visitors that won't convert. Save the wasted ad spend or reinvest it in real people to see a boost in ROI. Protect Your Brand Reputation Brand reputation takes years to build and moments to destroy. Anura protects against fraudulent activity that can destroy your brand reputation, cause future sales loss, waste company resources, and decrease company morale. Unmatched Accuracy 99.999% accurate when identifying visitors as bad Learn More Actionable Analytics Gain insights with our in-depth dashboard Learn More Integration Flexibility Hands-on guidance with unparalleled customer service Learn More Anura guarantees 99.999% accuracy when identifying visitors as bad. New Release Download our Ultimate Guide to Ad Fraud eBook New Release Download our Ultimate Guide to Ad Fraud eBook Anura Solutions Regardless of your industry or marketing channel, Anura is the solution for all. Affiliate Marketing On average, 45% of all affiliate traffic is fraudulent. Fraudulent affiliate activities cheat your business and legitimate affiliates out of earned commissions. Learn More Brands Your reputation is an invaluable resource. It takes years to build a strong reputation and just minutes to lose. Anura protects and improves your brand reputation and value by guarding your site against fraudulent traffic and the negative impact that results. Learn More Clicks Protect against bots, competitor fraud, and click farms that drain your advertising budget leading to poor conversion rates and wasted marketing resources. Learn More eCommerce Chargebacks are a risk to your merchant account and can damage your reputation. Chargeback processing takes significant time, causing financial loss, payment of commissions to illegitimate affiliates and even loss of inventory. Learn More Lead Generation Lead generation fraud is caused by invalid traffic (IVT) using bots, malware, and human fraud farms to fill out forms using real information to bypass detection. Identify bad leads BEFORE you call them. Learn More Programmatic Programmatic advertising has the highest rate of fraud at 40-50% on average. Fraudsters take advantage of non-human involvement and deploy sophisticated methods to steal your marketing dollars. Learn More Search & Social Automatically hide ads from fraudulent visitors on popular platforms and social media sites. No need to apply for refunds because your ads are only shown to real people. Learn More TCPA The #1 driver to TCPA class litigation is directly related to bad leads. Reduce TCPA risks by eliminating fraudulent leads. Learn More Integration Anura works with any platform Integrating Anura into your web assets is a smart move that can help minimize the risk of fraud, no matter where you install our solution or what platform it integrates with. It's simple and flexible - giving you instant responses to the source and amounts of fraud. Trusted by over 2 million domains Aided by Anura Solutions, QuinStreet was able to apply existing brand spend more productively; conversions increased 20-25% with no change in budget allocation. This led to further increases in QuinStreet’s branded wallet share. Marty Collins Chief Legal and Privacy Officer 20-25% Increase in Conversions Anura doesn’t just mitigate ad fraud, it grows your company. Since making the switch to Anura, our clients have seen a 100% improvement in the quality of traffic and increased their spend with us. Anura is boosting our ROI along with helping our company grow; no other ad fraud solution has ever done that for us. Joe D'Aloia Director of Campaign Operations 100% Improvement in Quality of Traffic Our number one priority is to protect the quality of leads that we send to our advertisers. To that end, an essential component of our analytics platform is Anura. Unlike other fraud detection solutions that we've tried, Anura avoids false positives and gives us the insights that we need to navigate an always challenging affiliate landscape. Joey Lin President and Founder Anura Avoids False Positives Beyond the easy-to-use analytics dashboard, BriteBox trusts in the accuracy of Anura's identification of fraud, both in the pre-bid and post-click analysis. After processing over 18 million visitors and yet to see a false positive, BriteBox sees the long-term benefits of having accuracy in their ad fraud vendor. Penny Lee Former Head of Sales 18 Million Visitors, No False Positives Picture Anura and other ad fraud solutions like a Venn Diagram. There is a section that overlaps that both Anura and other solutions catch, but then there is the other area. We find that the Anura system catches a lot of stuff the others didn't, and overall, paints a better picture of what is actually happening. Compliance Team 200-300% More Fraud Found Anura and their team have been instrumental in our efforts to maintain high-quality traffic to our site while growing our network audience. Their platform aligns with our mission to deliver high intent users to our carrier partners, and we've been pleased with the overall results. Lev Barinskiy Co-Founder and CEO Delivered High Intent Users to Our Carrier Partners Previous Next Industry Leaders Anura has been leading the industry since 2015 Benchmarked against validated conversion data since 2005. Led by an industry expert with 30 years of experience. No numerical scoring: Anura gives definitive responses. Proprietary decision science is exclusive to Anura. All fraud data is processed in-house to ensure accuracy and security. Learn how Anura helped Launch Potato protect clients from fraud that is pervasive in their promotions, in the gaming and sweepstakes verticals. Get Case Study Learn how Anura helped VPP Technologies grapple with the challenges of ad fraud and the limitations of traditional fraud detection solutions. Get Case Study Learn how Anura delivered a 90% reduction in fraud for Closed Loop by detecting fraudulent leads and eliminating false positives for clients in paid search campaigns. Get Case Study Learn how Anura delivered a 90% reduction in fraud for Closed Loop by detecting fraudulent leads and eliminating false positives for clients in paid search campaigns. Get Case Study Learn how Randall-Reilly recovered ad spend from traffic providers, improved the quality of service to their customers, reduced their risk footprint, and proactively stopped ad fraud. Get Case Study Previous Next Our Clients Discover How Anura Transforms Businesses and Amplifies Success Our mission is to increase our client’s growth and improve their marketing results through accurate and effective ad fraud mitigation. We do this by providing our clients with the accuracy, thoroughness, and analytics to increase their growth and protect their assets. We give you the transparency to control your marketing budget. Resources Blog Articles Fraud Tidbits eBooks White Papers One Pagers Dec 26, 2025 6 min read How Do I Get Fake TikTok Followers from Following My Company? Dec 22, 2025 27 min read Bot Farms: What They Are & How They're Used Dec 17, 2025 6 min read Top Marketing Challenges in Digital Marketing Today Dec 16, 2025 23 min read How to Spot Social Media Bot Followers Dec 10, 2025 5 min read 6 Best Affiliate Marketing Niches Dec 5, 2025 18 min read What Is a Bot? Dec 30, 2025 4 min read Brand Safety vs. Brand Suitability: What You Need to Know Dec 26, 2025 11 min read Programmatic Ad Fraud: How It’s Stealing Your Ad Budget Dec 25, 2025 5 min read Ad Optimization: Maximizing Revenue While Blocking Fraudsters Dec 19, 2025 10 min read How to Tell If Your Ads Are Being Clicked by Bots Dec 12, 2025 19 min read What is Data Harvesting? Definition, Risks, and Prevention Dec 11, 2025 8 min read What Is PII Theft and How Does It Threaten Your Ad Funnel? The Ultimate Guide to Ad Fraud: A Complete Guide This guide is for both seasoned marketers and new advertisers. Ad fraud may seem simple but is ... Download Now Affiliate Marketing Fraud 101 This eBook provides key insights into the ad fraud threats facing affiliate marketing campaigns, ... Download Now Programmatic Fraud 101: The Complete Beginner's Guide Programmatic Fraud 101 provides an overview of ad fraud in programmatic marketing, detailing its ... Download Now Lead Generation 101 This is a beginner's guide providing marketers insights into common lead generation fraud ... Download Now What Are Bots: 101 This eBook offers a detailed insight into bots' capabilities and potentially harmful effects on ... Download Now Ad Fraud 101 This is an introductory guide offering marketers a comprehensive overview of the complex ad ... Download Now Russian Invasion Causes Sharp Decline in Online Ad Fraud Download Now The Rise of Affiliate Marketing Fraud Download Now What Lead Generation Fraud Costs You Download Now False Positive Costs Download Now Competitor Comparison Chart Download Now Anura's Differentiators Download Now Search and Social Protect Download Now Lead Generation Fraud Download Now Affiliate Fraud Download Now eCommerce Download Now Gaming and Ad Fraud Download Now Ad Fraud and TCPA Compliance Download Now GET FREE TRIAL Take a closer look and take control . Want to learn more? We’re here to help. Contact us for a 15 day free trial to: Discover how much invalid traffic you have. Pinpoint your sources of fake traffic. Learn how to remove fraud. Contact Us (888) 337-0641 114 Sandhill Drive, Suite 104, Middletown, DE 19709 Support Get Help Quick Links Ad Fraud Detection Bot Detection CAPTCHA Brand Protection Ad Tag Protection Resources Blog In The News Platform Documentation Ad Fraud Laws Glossary FAQs Ad Fraud Calculator Case Studies eBooks White Papers Company About Us Events Branding Contact Us Partnerships Become a Strategic Partner Become a Referral Partner Register a Lead Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2025 Anura Solutions LLC Return to Top