Intermedia AnyMeeting Video Conferencing Solution Provider | Intermedia × 1.800.379.7729 | Support: 3 | Sales: 2 | Partner: 1 Get Quote Search Find a Solution Provider USA UK CA NL DE IT BE IE Support Login Customer Login Partner Portal AccessLine Services USA UK CA NL DE IT BE IE Products UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS Intermedia Unite Business Phone System Team Chat & SMS Video Conferencing AI for Unite File Management Company Messaging Toll Free Calling SIP Trunking CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE Intermedia Contact Center Omni-Channel Communications Intelligent Routing AI Agent Assist AI Supervisor Assist AI Interaction Insights AI Agent Evaluator Reporting & Analytics PRODUCTIVITY & EMAIL Microsoft 365 Copilot Backup for Microsoft 365 Exchange Email Outlook Backup Email Protection Email Encryption INTELLIGENT PLATFORM Intermedia AI Intermedia for Teams Intermedia Archiving Integrations APIs Intermedia Unite Company Messaging Toll Free Calling SIP Trunking Intermedia Contact Center Microsoft 365 Copilot Backup for Microsoft 365 Exchange Email Outlook Backup Email Protection Email Encryption Intermedia AI Intermedia for Teams Intermedia Archiving Integrations APIs Solutions BY AUDIENCE Small Business MSPs & VARs Service Providers & Carriers By INDUSTRY Healthcare Legal Services Financial Services Automotive Retail Education The Intermedia Blog Read our latest insights and information about intelligent communications, business productivity, and more, on the Intermedia blog. Discover Our Blog BLOG Healthcare Industries Mobile Technology in Healthcare: Trends and Benefits Discover how mobile tech benefits patient care, enhances efficiency, and supports digital transformation. Rob Oscanyan Intermedia Read the post Small Business Healthcare Legal Services Financial Services Automotive Retail Education About Us Our Story Who We Are Newsroom Analysts Careers Contact Us Intermedia Legal Our Worry-Free Experience™ Overview Security Reliability Onboarding Support Compliance Reviews & Awards BROCHURE Take your business to the next level with fully integrated unified communications With Intermedia Unite ® , a full office communications suite goes wherever you go. Learn more Intermedia Earns 9th J.D. Power Award for Customer Satisfaction Recognized for excellence in cloud communications and customer support for the 9th year in a row. See Award Who We Are Newsroom Analysts Careers Contact Us Intermedia Legal Security Reliability Onboarding Support Compliance Reviews & Awards Partners Partners Overview MSPs & VARs Service Providers & Carriers Distribution ALREADY A PARTNER? Log in to Partner Portal Log in BLOG Partners Why Add a White-Label VoIP App? "A white-label VoIP app gives you a fast, cost-effective way to expand your business offering while keeping full control over your brand…" Mark Sher Intermedia Read the post How Partners Elevate Customer Experience "AI-driven integration is helping us deliver a more seamless customer experience across unified communications and contact center." Robert Handel Senior Vice President of Cloud Strategy, LDI View Partner Story Overview MSPs & VARs Service Providers & Carriers Distribution Resources Explore Blog Customer Stories Partner Stories Demos App Downloads Reviews & Awards Content Library Connect Contact Us Support Center Partner Program Find a Solution Provider Useful Topics Unified Communications Contact Center VoIP Business Phone Moving from On-Premises to the Cloud Email Hosting and Security Becoming a White Label VOIP Reseller AI in Business Communication The Intermedia Blog Read our latest insights and information about intelligent communications, business productivity, and more, on the Intermedia blog. Discover Our Blog Blog Customer Stories Partner Stories App Downloads Reviews & Awards Find a Solution Provider Guide: Unified Communications Guide: Contact Center Guide: VoIP Business Phone Guide: Moving from On-Premises to the Cloud Guide: Email Hosting and Security Guide: Becoming a White Label VOIP Reseller Guide: AI in Business Communication Get Quote INTERMEDIA ® UNITE ANYMEETING Intelligent Video Meetings Get the most out of your meetings with AI-driven meeting experiences AI-powered meetings deliver insightful post-meeting summaries, action items and transcripts AI Meeting Recap Automatically receive transcripts, summaries, and action items for recorded meetings - ideal for follow-ups and accountability. Effortless Setup & Workflows Get started quickly with intuitive mobile and desktop apps, no heavy IT lift or training needed. Easily embed your meetings into everyday tools. Meet Anywhere Host and join meetings wherever you go with our convenient desktop and mobile apps. Meet Securely Encryption features help enable compliance with HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA, and other regulations. Get AnyMeeting as part of Intermedia Unite ® , our robust unified communications platform that combines business phone service with video conferencing, chat, contact center, business SMS, file management, and more. Learn More Powerful Video Conferencing for All Businesses HD Video Meetings Host high-quality video meetings with support for up to 100 video participants designed to scale with businesses of all sizes. Seamless Audio Connectivity Join meetings via computer or phone using dedicated call numbers and secure PINs for flexible access. AI Meeting Recap Automatically receive transcripts, summaries, and action items for recorded meetings—ideal for follow-ups and accountability. Interactive Screen Annotation Highlight key points in real time during screen sharing to drive engagement and clarity in collaborative sessions. Unlimited Storage Record all or selected meetings with unlimited cloud storage and easy sharing—never miss a moment. Custom Branding Elevate your brand with personalized meeting backgrounds and logo placement for a professional look. Smart Integrations Launch or join meetings directly from your go-to platforms like Outlook, Google Workspace, Slack, Microsoft Teams, and more. Chats & Notes Chat with meeting participants and take quick notes during a meeting. Why Customers Choose Intermedia Trustpilot Intermedia Unite Plans and Pricing AnyMeeting Video Conferencing is included within Intermedia Unite, our premier cloud communications solution for businesses of all sizes. See our Unite plans and pricing today to learn more about offering your customers a more engaging meeting experience. See Unite pricing All About Intermedia's Unite Video Meetings Is AnyMeeting the same as the video meetings feature in Intermedia Unite? Yes. AnyMeeting is the video meetings feature within Intermedia Unite, our award-winning unified communications platform. Along with video meetings, Unite users get a business phone system, chat/SMS, contact center features, and file management in one easy-to-use solution. How do I use video meetings in Intermedia Unite? Intermedia Unite is a simple-to-use video meetings software solution. Download the Unite app on Desktop, mobile or web and login to your Unite account. After that you can access Intermedia Unite in the "Meetings" tab within the app you want and start an unscheduled video meeting or view your meetings for the day when synced to your calendar. Your unique video conference meeting url is also accessible whenever you want to send a link to attendees. No onboarding or training required. Start and join a high-quality face-to-face video call in seconds. Is there a Unite app? The AnyMeeting app is now integrated into our unified communications app "Unite". The Intermedia Unite app is available on desktop, mobile devices, and web. There, you will be able to access video conferences and video calls from anywhere. This makes it an excellent solution for remote work. Is Intermedia Unite HIPAA compliant? Yes, Intermedia Unite is a HIPAA-compliant video meetings software for webinars, video meetings, and more. Can I send my Intermedia Unite meeting link in a text? Yes, you can! You can send a meeting link or if you are the host, your personal conference room URL multiple ways - over chat messaging, text, or email. Simply copy the meeting URL or use the "Copy info" button either in or out of a meeting and send the link to whomever you like. Can I download Intermedia Unite? Yes, to access Intermedia Unite, download the Unite app on desktop, mobile or web. There you will be able to access Intermedia Unite at any time. How do I set up a paid webinar with Intermedia Unite? Setting up a webinar is simple. Once you have purchased Intermedia Unite Webinar, you can access it in the "Webinars" tab in the Unite app. Once there you can see upcoming or past sessions as well as schedule a new webinar. Edit the details for your new webinar, hit "Schedule New" and you are all set. Then you can grab the webinar details and invite attendees via your preferred messaging platform, such as Microsoft Teams, or email. Are accounts required for all Intermedia Unite attendees? No, they are not! The host must be an account holder to host a meeting, but attendees can simply click on the meeting info and join the meeting. Attendees can also be sent meeting notes when a meeting is finished. How many users can Intermedia Unite hold? Depending on the Unite license purchased, Intermedia Unite can hold up to 200 participants for both high-quality HD video and audio in a video meeting or conference room setting. You can even collaborate using built-in features like whiteboards for brainstorming sessions or sales demos, leverage breakout rooms for internal collaboration, or streamline file sharing by using the integrated notes tab. Does Intermedia Unite offer AI-generated meeting recaps? Yes! Intermedia Unite now includes AI-powered Meeting Recaps with Intermedia AI, helping users save time and boost productivity. After a meeting ends, you can access a summary of key takeaways, action items, and conversation insights—perfect for follow-ups and team alignment. Is AnyMeeting the same as the video meetings feature in Intermedia Unite? Yes. AnyMeeting is the video meetings feature within Intermedia Unite, our award-winning unified communications platform. Along with video meetings, Unite users get a business phone system, chat/SMS, contact center features, and file management in one easy-to-use solution. How do I use video meetings in Intermedia Unite? Intermedia Unite is a simple-to-use video meetings software solution. Download the Unite app on Desktop, mobile or web and login to your Unite account. After that you can access Intermedia Unite in the "Meetings" tab within the app you want and start an unscheduled video meeting or view your meetings for the day when synced to your calendar. Your unique video conference meeting url is also accessible whenever you want to send a link to attendees. No onboarding or training required. Start and join a high-quality face-to-face video call in seconds. Is there a Unite app? The AnyMeeting app is now integrated into our unified communications app "Unite". The Intermedia Unite app is available on desktop, mobile devices, and web. There, you will be able to access video conferences and video calls from anywhere. This makes it an excellent solution for remote work. Is Intermedia Unite HIPAA compliant? Yes, Intermedia Unite is a HIPAA-compliant video meetings software for webinars, video meetings, and more. Can I send my Intermedia Unite meeting link in a text? Yes, you can! You can send a meeting link or if you are the host, your personal conference room URL multiple ways - over chat messaging, text, or email. Simply copy the meeting URL or use the "Copy info" button either in or out of a meeting and send the link to whomever you like. Can I download Intermedia Unite? Yes, to access Intermedia Unite, download the Unite app on desktop, mobile or web. There you will be able to access Intermedia Unite at any time. How do I set up a paid webinar with Intermedia Unite? Setting up a webinar is simple. Once you have purchased Intermedia Unite Webinar, you can access it in the "Webinars" tab in the Unite app. Once there you can see upcoming or past sessions as well as schedule a new webinar. Edit the details for your new webinar, hit "Schedule New" and you are all set. Then you can grab the webinar details and invite attendees via your preferred messaging platform, such as Microsoft Teams, or email. Are accounts required for all Intermedia Unite attendees? No, they are not! The host must be an account holder to host a meeting, but attendees can simply click on the meeting info and join the meeting. Attendees can also be sent meeting notes when a meeting is finished. How many users can Intermedia Unite hold? Depending on the Unite license purchased, Intermedia Unite can hold up to 200 participants for both high-quality HD video and audio in a video meeting or conference room setting. You can even collaborate using built-in features like whiteboards for brainstorming sessions or sales demos, leverage breakout rooms for internal collaboration, or streamline file sharing by using the integrated notes tab. Does Intermedia Unite offer AI-generated meeting recaps? Yes! Intermedia Unite now includes AI-powered Meeting Recaps with Intermedia AI, helping users save time and boost productivity. After a meeting ends, you can access a summary of key takeaways, action items, and conversation insights—perfect for follow-ups and team alignment. Interested in talking to sales? Call us to start the conversation. 1.844.221.2395 Are you a Reseller or Service Provider? Explore Our Partnership Models Request a Call Back empty Products Intermedia Unite ® Company Messaging Toll-Free Calling AnyMeeting ® Video Conferencing Intermedia for Microsoft Teams Contact Center Intermedia Archiving SIP Trunking Microsoft 365 Copilot Exchange Email SecuriSync ® Backup for Microsoft&nbsp365 Outlook Backup Email Encryption Email Protection Why Intermedia Intermedia AI Security Reliability Onboarding Support Compliance Industry Solutions Partners Overview MSPs & VARs Service Providers & Carriers Distribution Partners Overview MSPs & VARs Service Providers & Carriers Distribution About Us Who We Are Analysts Careers Contact Us Newsroom Legal Agreements Vulnerability Disclosure Support Support Home Support Support Home Resources Blog Customer Stories Partner Stories Demos App Downloads Reviews & Awards Content Library Find a Solution Provider Intermedia Unite, SecuriSync, VoIP Scout, AnyMeeting and HostPilot are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Intermedia.net, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Intermedia has been recognized by J.D. Power for providing “An Outstanding Customer Service Experience” for its Assisted Technical Support. J.D. Power 2025 Certified Assistance and Technical Support Program™ recognition is based on successful completion of an evaluation and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions for its technology service and support operations. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/awards . Users of this site agree to be bound by the Intermedia Service Agreement, Service Level Agreement and Acceptable Use Policies. Legal | AUP | Privacy Policy Copyright © Intermedia.net, Inc. 1995 — 2025. All Rights Reserved.