AnyViewer: Secure, Fast and Easy-to-use Remote Desktop Software Products Individual Access work laptop and
                                                gaming
                                                computer from PC/Mac/phone
                                                from
                                                anywhere for free Business All-in-one secure remote
                                                work and support for
                                                teams,
                                                organizations, and
                                                enterprises Platforms For
                                                    Windows For macOS For
                                                    iOS For
                                                    Android Solutions Remote Desktop Access remote desktop at
                                                once Remote Access Access your computer from
                                                anywhere Remote Support Offer customer IT support
                                                remotely Remote Work Work remotely like in your
                                                office Screen Mirroring Mirror phone to computer wirelessly Remote Gaming Connect to games from anywhere Pricing Partners Search Download Login Account AnyViewer Free, Secure, and Fast Remote Desktop Software Access and control remote desktop, or laptop from any device
                and anywhere for quick remote support and
                fast remote work. For Individual For Business Download on the App Store GET IT ON Google Play Download AnyViewer Download AnyViewer on Windows, macOS, iOS, and Android Recommended by Your High-Performance Remote Desktop AnyViewer cares about everything that matters to our users
                during remote sessions. High-speed connection
                with high-quality image & low latency are ensured by the
                latest and advanced technologies. Low Latency The streaming protocols ensure an efficient and
                        reliable data transfer with minimal delay. Fast Connection The latest screen capture technology with high-speed
                        and low CPU consumption. High Quality Efficient motion images encoding and decoding
                        techniques ensure Super-Hi Vision. Provide Reliable Solutions for IT Technical Support and
                Remote Access Remote Support Remote Access Remote Game Remote File Transfer Mobile Access Mirror Screen Quick Support from Remote Locations Control multiple computers
                                    simultaneously for one-to-many support. Instant Chat enables effective
                                    communication between two ends. Easy access to reboot, CMD, Task
                                    Manager, etc., facilitating the fixing
                                    process. Use multiple screens in separate windows to support users remotely. Use Remote Mouse to operate with the mouse of the controlled terminal; while the
                                    console synchronously displays the controlled terminal mouse action in real time. Explore More Zoey Professional IT
                                    Technician " AnyViewer provides an easy
                                way for technical support. I send a remote
                                control request to my client and assist him
                                quickly solve issue with chat function in
                                remote session." Secure Remote Access to Work Computer Access unattended workstation computer
                                    with one click or security code. Access & transfer files and
                                    documents between the remote and the
                                    local computer. Quickly connect to work PC and
                                    seamlessly use apps on it with low
                                    latency. Maintain stable remote connections from global servers for seamless collaboration across countries. Use blacklist and whitelist to set remote access permissions via account or device
                                    ID to improve device security further. Use smart frame rate to save bandwidth and enhance connection stability
                                    intelligently. Explore More Brain Employee of
                                    Design Company " Thanks to AnyViewer. I don't
                                have to stay at office and wait others to
                                complete their tasks. I can go home and
                                access the work PC to check out the content.
                                " Play Game Anywhere with Local Device High FPS (up to 60FPS) in remote desktop
                                    sessions offers a smooth gaming
                                    experience. High-quality image allows you to view
                                    game visuals intuitively and clearly. Instant respond enables you to
                                    operate game devices accurately and
                                    obtain real-time
                                    feedback. Game Mouse offers 3D rotation of the first-person view to bring back the local
                                    gaming experience. Explore More Linda Steam game lover " I love AnyViewer so much!
                                It offers fast speed and high frame rate;
                                thus, I can play my favorite PC game with my
                                iPhone 14 seamlessly. There is almost no
                                delay! " Fast File Transfer between two Remote
                                Computers High speed file transfer (up to 10MB/s)
                                    move files to target place quickly,
                                    saving
                                    your time. Great file transfer compatibility to
                                    transfer a wide range of file types and
                                    sizes
                                    (up to 1TB). Strict security measures preventing
                                    files from being accessed by
                                    unauthorized
                                    persons. Explore More Joe English Teacher " Thanks to file transfer
                                feature in AnyViewer, I don't need to worry
                                about forgetting my important files and
                                documents. I can quick access and transfer
                                them
                                wherever I'm." Mobile Access Remote Computer The remote session window can be
                                    vertically or horizontally to perfectly
                                    match
                                    device screen. Set commands to a shortcut key on
                                    Customized keyboard to execute tasks
                                    quickly
                                    easily. One-click unlock locked Windows screen
                                    from local mobile device without
                                    inputting
                                    password. Explore More Daisy Manager of IT
                                    department " With AnyViewer mobile
                                access, I can remote into my remote computer
                                and
                                keep productive whether I'm at a coffee or
                                during a trip." Mirror Mobile Screen to Computer Scan the QR code to mirror iOS or
                                    Android screens on the office computer
                                    for
                                    professional presentations. Sign your mobile device and PC to the
                                    same AnyViewer account to quickly view
                                    the
                                    mobile screen from your PC. Experience high-definition screen
                                    casting with minimal latency. Explore More Mark Product Manager “I've been using AnyViewer to
                                project my mobile screen onto my PC during
                                our team meetings, and it has significantly
                                improved how I present our app prototypes.” Provide Reliable Solutions for IT Technical Support and
                Remote Access Quick Support from Remote Locations Control multiple computers
                                    simultaneously for one-to-many support. Instant Chat enables effective
                                    commutation between two ends. Easy access to reboot, CMD, Task
                                    Manager, etc., facilitating the fixing
                                    process. Explore More Secure Remote Access to Work Computer Access unattended workstation computer
                                    with one click or security code. Access & transfer files and
                                    documents between the remote and the
                                    local
                                    computer. Quickly connect to work PC and
                                    seamlessly use apps on it with low
                                    latency. Explore More Play Game Anywhere with Local Device High FPS (up to 60FPS) in remote desktop
                                    sessions offers smooth gaming
                                    experience. High-quality image allows you to view
                                    game visuals intuitively and clearly. Instant respond enables you to
                                    accurately operate game devices and
                                    obtain
                                    real-time
                                    feedback. Explore More Fast File Transfer between two Remote
                                Computers High speed file transfer (up to 10MB/s)
                                    move files to target place quickly,
                                    saving
                                    your time. Great file transfer compatibility to
                                    transfer a wide range of file types and
                                    sizes
                                    (up to 1TB). Strict security measures preventing
                                    files from being accessed by
                                    unauthorized
                                    persons. Explore More Mobile Access Remote Computer The remote session window can be
                                    vertically or horizontally to perfectly
                                    match
                                    device screen. Set commands to a shortcut key on
                                    Customized keyboard to execute tasks
                                    quickly
                                    easily. One-click unlock locked Windows screen
                                    from local mobile device without
                                    inputting
                                    password. Explore More Mirror Mobile Screen to Computer Scan the QR code to mirror iOS or
                                    Android screens on the office computer
                                    for
                                    professional presentations. Sign your mobile device and PC to the
                                    same AnyViewer account to quickly view
                                    the
                                    mobile screen from your PC Experience high-definition screen
                                    casting with minimal latency. Explore More Always Keep Your Data Safe AnyViewer value your computers and data safe
                & privacy
                with strong measures. Asymmetric ECC 256-bit
                        end-to-end encryption GDPR compliant Two factor authentication Blacken screen and disable remote input Auto-lock screen Interface Lock Testimonials from Our Users "AnyViewer is installed for us in less than
                                five seconds and has a really
                                simple user interface that's easy for anyone
                                to understand right off the bat.
                                completely free of charge." "AnyViewer is a straightforward piece of
                                software, packing lots of
                                functionality in what might look like a
                                minimal interface, thus making it a
                                worthwhile
                                choice for remote desktop connections." "AnyViewer ist eine Remote-Desktop-Software,
                                mit der Sie einfach einen
                                anderen PC fernsteuern können, um
                                beispielsweise Ihrer Familie, Freunden oder
                                Kunden bei
                                Windows-Problemen zu helfen." "AnyViewer is easy, secure, and free to use
                                on Windows, iOS, and Android
                                devices. It enables PC-to-PC and
                                Mobile-to-PC remote control. It provides a
                                wide range
                                of capabilities, such as unattended remote
                                access, file transfer, multiple sessions,
                                and
                                chat functionality." "AnyViewer is a high-performance remote
                                desktop access software that help
                                us
                                to connect PCs in a simple way. It is
                                stable, high quality, and it is easy to use.
                                Its
                                low latency brings us a great remote control
                                experience." Widely Applies to Different Industries Information & IT Services Through unattended remote access, employees can
                            securely and conveniently access official
                            resources, collaborate in real-time, manage
                            remote devices and provide support from any
                            location, ensuring the information technology
                            services smooth and effective. International Business AnyViewer enables seamless overseas operations by allowing businesses to remotely manage
                            worldwide offices, global servers, and international clients. Its secure, high-speed
                            connections ensure real-time collaboration and sustained productivity across borders. Education AnyViewer bridges the geographic gaps and
                            enhance educational reach. With it, students can
                            connect to their dedicated desktops and access
                            course materials from remote areas where
                            physical appearance was not feasible. Government In the realm of government operations, AnyViewer
                            empowers employees with seamless
                            collaboration and high efficiency with secure
                            and effective remote access solutions to
                            critical systems and resources. Media and Entertainment Remote desktop software, AnyViewer, has
                            revolutionized the way professionals collaborate
                            and
                            create captivating content with high performance
                            (60FPS and low latency) and mobile access
                            computer support. Finance Use AnyViewer, you can access remote desktops
                            securely and manage QuickBooks or access
                            accounting software without arriving at the
                            scene to reduce cost and improve productively. Design With powerful remote access app, users can
                            remotely connect to apps on remote computer with
                            high-quality image to use specialized design
                            tools from anywhere, keeping productivity and
                            creativity. Rapidly Increasing Number of Users 1000% As a standout remote control product, AnyViewer has gained a significant number of users
                        worldwide, increasing by 1000% in the past 4 years. This surge is not only due to the excellent
                        products but also to AnyViewer’s safe, reliable, quick remote desktop connection across all
                        devices and multiple excellent servers around the world. Free, Secure and Fast Remote Desktop Software Always keep connectivity and productivity Get Started Now Download on the App Store GET IT ON Google Play Download AnyViewer English Deutsch Français Italiano Español Portuguese 日本語 繁體中文 简体中文 Product For
                                    Windows For macOS For
                                    iOS For
                                    Android Price Download Solutions Remote
                                    Desktop Remote
                                    Access Remote
                                    Support Remote
                                    Work Screen
                                    Mirroring Remote
                                    Gaming For
                                    Individual For
                                    Business Support Support
                                    Center Help
                                    Guides Articles About
                                    Us Reviews Security System
                                    Status © 2025 AnyViewer. All rights reserved Privacy
                            Policy | Terms
                            of Use