Skip to main content
Skip to log on
Personal
Business
Agribusiness
Institutional
Banking with ANZ
Find ANZ
Contact
Search
Log in

Branch holiday hours

Branch opening hours may be different over the Christmas and New Year holidays. Check your local branch's opening hours: Find an ANZ branch or ATM.

We Do How

See how we could help you on your journey to financial wellbeing.

Start your journey
Financial wellbeing
Personalise your Visa Debit card
KiwiSaver
Foreign exchange rates
Term Deposits
Interest rates, fees, terms and conditions
Home Loans

Whether you’re looking to buy your first home, your next home or pay off your loan faster, we can help with practical tools, guides and great rates.

1 year fixed-rate special*

Rate is unavailable

%
P.A
All fixed term home loan rates

2 year fixed-rate special*

Rate is unavailable

%
P.A
All fixed term home loan rates

Floating rate

Rate is unavailable

%
P.A
Floating rate home loans

*Special interest rate requires minimum 20% equity and an ANZ transaction account with salary direct credited, otherwise standard rate applies. Not available with package discounts.

ANZ lending criteria, terms, conditions, and fees apply. Interest rates and fees are subject to change.  

Calculate your mortgage repayments
Help to manage your home loan
ANZ Good Energy Home Loan
Scams are on the increase

Scams keep getting more complex, sophisticated, and harder to spot. Learn how to recognise scams and fraud, and help protect yourself, your family and your money from them in our new Scams and Fraud Guide. 

How we can help with financial wellbeing
Two-minute quiz to check your financial wellbeing

Six easy questions to see where you’re at with your money (just for you, we won't peek).

We’ll show you how you compare to others your age. You’ll also get tailored tips and tools to try out.

Get your score
Get your savings off the ground

Start with microsavings – putting aside a bit of money each payday – and build up to a goal.

Start saving
Pay off your home loan faster

It's all about small changes, like how you structure your loan, or how you repay it, it all adds up. See how ANZ and our Home Loan Coaches can help.

Pay off your home loan faster
Personalise your ANZ Visa Debit card

Stand out from the crowd with an ANZ MyPhoto card. It’s easy, free to create and fun – just choose one of our gallery images or upload your own photo—. 

You must be 13 years or over to apply for an ANZ Visa Debit card.

Upgrade to an ANZ MyPhoto card
How we make banking easier

We have lots of ways for you to manage your money anytime, anywhere, with the ANZ goMoney mobile app, Internet Banking and Automated Phone Banking—.

Whether that's checking your balance, moving money between accounts or making payments, you can do your banking where and when it's convenient for you.

Ways to bank with ANZ
Depositor Compensation Scheme

The Depositor Compensation Scheme acts as another protective layer for our personal and business customers.

How the scheme protects your money
Important information

This material is for information purposes only. We recommend seeking financial advice about your situation and goals before getting a financial product. To talk to one of our team at ANZ, please call 0800 269 296, or for more information about ANZ’s financial advice service or to view our financial advice provider disclosure statement see anz.co.nz/fapdisclosure

We're here to help
Contact us
Find out how to contact us
Find us
Find an ATM or Branch
Help and guides
Guides to banking with ANZ

About ANZ

About us and ANZ news

Careers

Investor information

Economics and markets research

Complaints and Banking Ombudsman Scheme

Fair Conduct Programme

Privacy at ANZ

Website terms of use

Disclosure statements

Terms and conditions

Rates, fees and agreements

© ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited. All rights reserved.