Architect of the Capitol | Serve, Preserve, Inspire Skip to main content Navigate to Homepage Search Main navigation Explore the Capitol Campus Art Buildings & Grounds Capitol Hill Facts Visitor Resources Our Blog What We Do Areas of Expertise Programs & Ceremonies Projects Publications Strategic Objectives About Us Who We Are History of the AOC News & Notices Organizational Structure Partnerships & Recognition Work With Us Search Architect of the Capitol Preserving the Historic Buildings that Inspire Our Nation What We Do Our Work A Tradition of Ingenuity Our work inspires a nation. We are the artisans, historians, and craftspeople who preserve and maintain the landmark buildings, monuments, art and grounds of the Capitol campus. Buildings & Grounds The Capitol campus is made up of more than 18.4 million square feet of facilities, and 570 acres of grounds. Discover the Campus Projects We ensure every visitor to Capitol Hill experiences the grandeur of these historic treasures at their very best. Our Work Art & Artists We are responsible for the care of thousands of works of historical art. View the Collection Stories New & Noteworthy Delve deeper into the stories behind the people, art, history and grounds that make up the Capitol. Public Notice FY 2024 Performance and Accountability Report Available Online The PAR offers an assessment of the priorities, accomplishments and financial accountability for fiscal year 2024. Capitol Highlights, infographics, charts, tables and photographs provide additional insight into the AOC's mission and performance. History & Discoveries Around the Clocks All eyes are on the clocks as we countdown on New Years Eve. These clocks around the Capitol campus also get plenty of attention throughout the rest of the year. Public Notice Barbara Rose Johns Statue Unveiled The statue, given by Virginia to the National Statuary Hall Collection, was dedicated in the U.S. Capitol Visitor Center's Emancipation Hall. History & Discoveries 1825 Library Fire Inspires Changes on the West Front A potential disaster from centuries ago results in Capitol Building improvements we still see today. Public Notice Announcing the Interactive Capitol Christmas Tree Experience For the first time, the Architect of the Capitol brings the holiday magic of the West Front to you via 360-degree, interactive panoramas. More Stories Image Expertise Skillful Craftmanship We serve in diverse roles applying both modern techniques and historical tradecrafts in the care and preservation of the Capitol campus. Areas of Expertise Serve. Preserve. Inspire. Accountability AOC Staff Resources Hill Staff Resources Contact Us Utility Privacy Policy Image Terms of Use Inspector General U.S. Botanic Garden U.S. Capitol Visitor Center Facebook Twitter Flickr YouTube Threads Instagram Subscribe Back to Top