Academy of Management (AOM) Publications Close Menu AOM Publications Home Journals Latest In-Press Articles Journal Workshops AOM Today AOM Insights Author and Reviewer Resources Publishing Policies and Ethics Subscriptions and Permissions Communities Close Menu Communities Home Divisions and Interest Groups Connect Communities Volunteer with AOM Affiliated and Associated Societies Community Accelerator Program Career Services Close Menu Career Services Home Find a Job Post a Job Career Resources Events Close Menu Events Home Annual Meeting Division and Interest Group (DIG) Events Journal Workshops All Events Sponsor an Event About AOM Close Menu About AOM Home AOM News and Media Directories Our Members Awards and Recognition Governance and Leadership Ethics Membership Toggle Mobile Navigation Toggle Search Search Search Sign in Season’s Greetings from the Academy of Management! Please note the Academy’s office will be closed Wednesday, 24 December through Thursday, 1 January 2026. If you require assistance during this period, please submit a help ticket so our team may respond once the office reopens. Home Connecting Scholars Advancing Science The Academy of Management (AOM) is the leading professional association for management and organization scholars. With over 21,000 members across 120 countries, our community includes professors, doctoral students, and practitioners advancing knowledge and its real-world impact. Become a Member Sign in Rejoin The world’s leading association for management scholars. The Academy of Management (AOM) is the leading professional association for management and organization scholars worldwide. AOM’s community is built on the exchange of rigorous and relevant knowledge that advances research, teaching, and practice in the field of management. With members at every stage of the academic life cycle, AOM provides a global platform for professional development, collaboration, and dissemination of cutting-edge scholarship. Through our journals, conferences, and volunteer-driven initiatives, we bring together diverse perspectives — from individuals and teams to organizations and societies — to strengthen the future of management science. Learn more about us 1936 Year AOM was founded 23k Peer-reviewed articles published in AOM’s leading academic journals 21k Number of AOM members spanning more than 120 countries READY TO JOIN AOM? Become part of our global community and help shape the future of management research, teaching, and practice. Build connections, advance knowledge, and elevate your professional journey . Become a Member AOM Publications Improving Management, Scientifically. AOM articles meet strict academic and industry standards, delivering high-quality, reliable research. Stay current with the latest management and organization findings from our top-ranked journals. Explore AOM Publications Publish with AOM On the Right Track? Studying the Use of Biometric Data to Manage People in Organizations Academy of Management Discoveries Vol. 11, No. 2 Downie et al. Falling Off the Unicorn: The Maintenance of Unrealistic Startup Labor Narratives Academy of Management Journal Vol. 68, No. 4 Canales et al. A Multilevel Perspective of Organized and Intentional Corporate Social Irresponsibility Academy of Management Perspectives Vol. 39, No. 3 Sinha et al. Good Fun or Laughingstock? How CEO Humor Affects Infomediaries’ Social Evaluations of Organizations Academy of Management Review Vol. 50, No. 3 König et al. Stop Devaluing My Degree! Stakeholder-Led Stigmatization to Save Business School Status Academy of Management Learning & Eductation Vol. 24, No. 2 Kettunen et al. Creating New Industries: The Generative Role of Heterogeneous Actors Academy of Management Annals Vol. 19, No. 2 Agarwal et al. Organizational Improvisation Theory: Integrating Knowledge on Management in the Face of the Unexpected Academy of Management Collections Vol. 4, No. 3 Abrantes et al. Previous Next Connect, collaborate, and contribute. Engage with peers, expand your professional network, and contribute to advancing knowledge. Participate in Division and Interest groups, online communities, or volunteer opportunities to make a difference throughout your career. Divisions and Interest Groups (DIGs) DIGs connect members with shared interests across 26 management disciplines, fostering collaboration and professional growth. AOM Communities Stay connected with members worldwide through dynamic online communities. Volunteering with AOM Shape the future of AOM—volunteer to connect, contribute, and grow at every career stage. Learn more about becoming a member of AOM, including benefits, opportunities, and membership types. Explore AOM Membership Annual Meeting Join us at the Academy’s Annual Meeting—the leading global event for scholarly exchange, and the largest gathering of management and organization experts worldwide. Learn more TAKE PART IN AOM 2026 The Submission and Reviewer Centers are open. Submit your proposal for the 2026 Annual Meeting. Sign up to review submissions. Submission Information Reviewer Information Advertisement AOM has been incredibly valuable for my career trajectory. It has provided a strong foundation for research, and the camaraderie with other researchers and professors is invaluable. Uzonna Olumba Tecnológico de Monterrey, Member since 2015 Stay Informed and Inspired. Explore the latest AOM research featured in media outlets worldwide and see how it’s shaping management and organizational leadership today. Releases Community Accelerator Program: Building Bridges 2025-11-12 Member Spotlights Leading AOM into the Future: A Conversation with President Tammy L. Madsen 2025-10-03 News in Depth Forbes: 3 Things The ‘Murdoch Succession’ Proves About Billion-Dollar Family Dynamics 2025-09-18 Subscribe to AOM newsletters Keep up with what’s new across AOM—from cutting-edge research to member milestones. Learn more Advertisement Information About AOM Branding Join AOM Sponsoring Contact Info 100 Summit Lake Drive Suite 110 Valhalla, NY 10595, USA +1 (914) 326-1800 FAQ / Support Follow Us Stay connected for latest updates and events from the Academy of Management community. YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Facebook X Threads RSS Feed The Academy of Management is the preeminent professional association for management and organization scholars
				with members from around the world. Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 Academy of Management