AOP Christian Homeschooling Curriculum | 4 Brands, 1 Trusted Name Skip to content AOP Christian Homeschooling +1 800 622 3070 No U.S. Shipping Fees. Just Great Curriculum! → Student Access Log In / Create Account Shop Our Curriculum How to Homeschool Community & Support Rewards New 0 0 / $0.00 Consent Required to Continue Thank you for beginning the sign-up process with Monarch! We are excited for you to get started. To provide our product and services, we require certain pieces of personal information from you and the student(s) you enter, such as your name and email address, and the student’s name and grade level. To provide your consent to us and proceed with the sign-up process, please click below. We take data privacy seriously and respect your rights concerning your personal information. We require your consent to collect and use your personal information, including the personal information of any student(s) you enter hereafter, to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA) and other laws. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to understand how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information. Please note that you cannot proceed with the sign-up process without providing your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by following the instructions provided in our Privacy Policy . Provide Consent Add a New Student Students are easy to add at any time from the My Account section. First Name * Last Name * Username * Username must be unique. Use any combo of letters and numbers (e.g., User789). Special Characters not allowed. Password must be at least 8 characters long. Password * Retype Password * Add Student Student Added You may complete your purchase now, or add additional students. Add Another Student I’m all done! Take Off Strong. Soar Higher Every Year. From PreK to 12th grade, AOP is with you all the way, offering faith-based curriculum, flexible options, and an accredited online school to support academic growth, spiritual development, and homeschool success. Find Your Fit Faith-Centered Learning Curriculum that develops knowledge, character, and faith. Academic Excellence Expert-developed curriculum with rigorous standards. Flexible Options Multiple formats and pacing to fit your schedule. Family Partnership Responsive support through every step of your homeschool journey. Explore our education brands by format: Online Print Homeschool Teacher Guided Explore our education brands by format: Select format Online Print Homeschool Teacher Guided Explore Monarch Explore Explore LIFEPAC Explore Explore Horizons Explore Explore Ignite Explore Not sure which is right for you? Take Quiz MAKING HOMESCHOOLING MORE AFFORDABLE Cut Costs with State Education Funds Take advantage of Education Savings Accounts (ESAs) and digital wallet platforms to make homeschooling more budget-friendly. Our team is here to guide you through
funding options so you can invest more in your child’s education. Learn More Discover Why Families Love AOP Inspiration for  your homeschool journey. @aopchristianlearning AOP has been the leader in award-winning, Christian homeschooling for more than 45 years! Subscribe to Our Mailing List Subscribe to Our Mailing List Access free lessons, printable activities, exclusive subscriber discounts, and more. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy and consenting to receive marketing communications. BRANDS BRANDS Ignite Christian Academy Monarch LIFEPAC Horizons CUSTOMER CARE CUSTOMER CARE Contact Appointment Returns FAQs RESOURCES RESOURCES Monarch Support Brochures Blogs Placement Tests 2024 AOP. All Rights Reserved. 2025 AOP. All Rights Reserved. | Cookie Settings | Privacy Policy Terms of Service Rewards Terms Careers Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. ×