The Associated Press | Video, Photo, Text, Audio & Data News Agency Skip to content FOLLOW AP AP Customer Zone Content Formats Video Live video Photos Graphics Text Services Data Solutions Audio Topics Breaking news Sports Business and finance Entertainment Lifestyle Climate and environment Religion and faith Politics Health Science Winter games 2026 Archive Partners and contributors Solutions Platforms AP Verify AP Newsroom Media API AP Stylebook AP StoryShare APNews.com Services Global Media Solutions AP Productions Branded content and advertising Learning Workflow Solutions Artificial intelligence Elections Our role Services Formats By industry Get in touch Intelligence Who we serve Media Workflow Solutions Local Investigative Reporting Program Metadata services AP Planner AP Daybooks AP Stylebook Government Education Finance AI, Tech and Data Insights News Highlights About Awards and recognition Media center The Definitive Source News values Supporting AP Corporate archives Careers AP Customer Zone Contact us Advancing the power of facts News and services that expand the reach of factual reporting Discover the latest world’s news in all formats and topics Access our news highlights Discover our solutions Helping news, media, brands and institutions leverage our world-class content and cutting-edge services to drive value to their audiences and business. Request a Demo 1,260 stories per day 80,000 videos per year 1.27M photos per year 2M video clips in archive News highlights Latest stories FILE – French actress Brigitte Bardot poses with a huge sombrero she brought back from Mexico, as she arrives at Orly Airport in Paris, France, on May 27, 1965. (AP Photo/File) Spotlights Photos remembering Brigitte Bardot, iconic French actor and activist DEC. 28, 2025 Brigitte Bardot, the French 1960s sex symbol who became one of the greatest screen sirens of the 20th century and later a militant animal rights activist, has died. She was 91. Read more FILE – Men dressed as former President Abraham Lincoln attend a mock funeral for the penny, which was discontinued earlier this year, Saturday, Dec. 20, 2025, in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson, File) Spotlights Week in Pictures DEC. 27, 2025 This photo gallery, curated by photo editor Leslie Mazoch, highlights some of the most compelling images worldwide published by The Associated Press in the past week. Read more Children ride a carousel at the Christmas fair decorated for Christmas and the New Year festivities in Red Square in Moscow, Thursday, Dec. 25, 2025, with the Spasskaya Tower in the background. (AP Photo/Alexander Zemlianichenko) Spotlights Photos of Christmas celebrations around the world DEC. 25, 2025 From Bethlehem to Beijing, people around the world are celebrating the Christmas season. A polar bear mascot boards an elevator during holiday revelry. Swimmers plunge into frigid waters off Northern Ireland for a charity event. Singers fill a stadium in Indonesia. Read more Police cordon off an area at Bondi Beach after a reported shooting in Sydney, Sunday, Dec. 14, 2025. (AP Photo/Mark Baker) Best of AP — First Winner AP’s speed shines in coverage of mass shooting at a Jewish festival on Australia’s Bondi Beach DEC. 19, 2025 When two men opened fire at a Jewish festival on Sydney’s Bondi Beach, AP’s Australia team responded with speed, coordination and precision — producing dominating all-formats coverage that outpaced major competitors at every turn. Freelance photographer Mark Baker’s dramatic images, edited quickly by Rick Rycroft, were the first to reach digital customers — beating the […] Read more Onyeka Chieme, a student of St. Mary’s Catholic School, abducted by gunmen and later released, poses for a photograph at his house in Papiri, Nigeria, Wednesday, Dec. 10, 2025. (AP Photo/Afolabi Sotunde) Best of AP — Second Winner Dramatic storytelling gives a child’s eye-level view of Nigeria school abduction DEC. 19, 2025 Abuja-based freelance photojournalist Afolabi Sotunde was the first journalist to reach Papiri, Nigeria, after hearing that abducted school children had been freed. Determined to document their experience firsthand, he made a grueling nine-hour drive to the remote village — then spent hours speaking with locals and, through a priest’s introduction, was taken to the home […] Read more Former Chinese official Li Chuanliang walks between buildings in the Mayflower Church community, in Midland, Texas, Jan. 19, 2025. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell) Best of AP — Honorable Mention AP report shows exclusively how Chinese surveillance stretches around the globe DEC. 19, 2025 China’s campaign to track down its own officials overseas — through programs like “Operation Fox Hunt” and “Sky Net” — has quietly extended into more than 100 countries, including the United States. But as Dake Kang’s investigation revealed, a surprising engine behind this global surveillance operation is software built with American technology. The Beijing-based correspondent […] Read more Abdul Salam, center, and his son Ahmad Sodais shop for sweet treats inside of an Afghan grocery store in Carmichael, Calif., Friday, Dec. 5, 2025. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez) Best of AP — Honorable Mention AP documents increased immigration arrests of Afghans after National Guard shooting DEC. 19, 2025 In the wake of a high-profile shooting involving an Afghan man and subsequent immigration crackdowns announced by former President Donald Trump, AP reporters across the country mobilized to document a sharp increase in immigration arrests targeting Afghans. Seattle reporter Martha Bellisle began tracking arrests after noticing patterns in local court records and immigration filings. She […] Read more Nancy Shine at her home in Los Altos, Calif., on Nov. 21, 2025. Shine is a scientist who donated blood plasma that is used to create the treatment for infant botulism. (AP Photo/Terry Chea) Best of AP — Honorable Mention Joy, wonder and discovery story shows how scientists’ blood is helping babies overcome botulism DEC. 19, 2025 As a rare but alarming outbreak of infant botulism linked to contaminated baby formula spread across the U.S., Health Writer JoNel Aleccia delivered the only national story explaining the lifesaving treatment at the heart of the response: BabyBIG — a plasma-derived IV therapy made from the blood of a small group of scientists and volunteers. […] Read more Malian refugees fleeing violence in Mali, sit in a makeshift camp where they found refuge in Douankara, Hodh El Chargui Region, Mauritania, Nov. 9 2025. (AP Photo/Caitlin Kelly) Best of AP — Honorable Mention Girls and women fleeing Mali describe sexual violence by Russian forces DEC. 19, 2025 While interviewing Malian refugees about alleged abuses by Russia’s newly deployed Africa Corps military unit, West Africa correspondent Monika Pronczuk and freelancer Caitlin Kelly encountered a teenage girl lying on the ground in a tent, visibly ill and barely responsive. Her family said she had been raped by Africa Corps fighters — and hadn’t received […] Read more Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani shares a laugh with his translator during an interview with The Associated Press in Pasadena, Calif., Wednesday, Nov. 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) Best of AP — Honorable Mention Shohei Ohtani is the AP’s Male Athlete of the Year for record-tying 4th time DEC. 19, 2025 After Shohei Ohtani won the AP Male Athlete of the Year award for the third time in 2024, Los Angeles-based sports reporter Beth Harris began working to secure what had eluded the AP — a sit-down interview with the famously private baseball superstar. While Ohtani’s team declined that year, Harris continued to build the relationship, […] Read more FILE – A tent is reflected in water at a makeshift camp for displaced Palestinians where a woman washes clothes on the beach in Gaza City, Tuesday, Dec. 16, 2025. (AP Photo/Abdel Kareem Hana, File) Spotlights Week in Pictures DEC. 18, 2025 Read more FILE – A person carries a shopping bag in Philadelphia, Dec. 10, 2025. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) Spotlights What Americans think about giving cash as holiday gifts, according to a new AP-NORC poll DEC. 17, 2025 Welcome to exhausted America 2025: Most adults are more than a little fine with doling out cash as gifts, and many plan to be asleep before midnight on New Year’s Eve, according to a new AP-NORC poll. About 6 in 10 Americans say cash or gift cards are “very” acceptable as holiday presents, but they’re much less likely […] Read more How we can help your business Engage your audiences with world-class content and cutting-edge services World-class journalism Access a wealth of content covering all formats and all topics produced by our network of outstanding journalists worldwide, including news as it breaks and stories from our vast multimedia archive. EXPLORE CONTENT Professional services Tap into AP’s expertise to create content for your brand, cover worldwide events, and access full production and editorial solutions with AP’s unrivaled network of studios and temporary facilities. Find Services Media solutions When the world’s leading journalists and today’s innovative technologies converge, it gives the best-in-class tools. Advance your business with outstanding news production system and editorial planning solutions. Find Solutions 2025: Year in review War, political upheaval and extreme weather defined 2025, alongside rare moments of resilience and global attention. This is 2025. Watch more News Highlights Media center Corporate announcements from The Associated Press Press Releases AP introduces AP Verify to strengthen, streamline online content verification DEC. 15, 2025 The Associated Press today introduced AP Verify, a verification dashboard combining AI-powered features with established digital verification tools to transform the way newsrooms authenticate online photos, videos and other digital content. The unified web-based interface features: “In an era of rampant misinformation and digitally altered content, verification is more essential than ever,” said Gianluca D’Aniello, […] Explore content AP in the News AP and Trump administration argue access case before federal appeals court; no ruling yet NOV. 24, 2025 WASHINGTON (AP) — The Associated Press and the Trump administration renewed their argument Monday over a president’s ability to limit media access to journalists he disagrees with, resuming a courtroom dispute with potential First Amendment implications that began last winter when the president announced that he had renamed the Gulf of Mexico. President Donald Trump restricted the […] Explore content AP in the News Donations to APFJ allow expansion of program providing resources to local and state newsrooms NOV. 20, 2025 NEW YORK (AP) — Donations of more than $30 million will allow the AP Fund for Journalism to significantly expand its program that provides news and resources from The Associated Press to state and local nonprofit newsrooms, the organization announced Thursday. Started last year, the program supports nearly 50 news organizations, including Outlier Media in […] Explore content Press Releases AP Fund for Journalism secures over $30 million to bring AP content to local US newsrooms NOV. 20, 2025 AP Fund for Journalism today announced significant commitments from several organizations, including the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, Lilly Endowment Inc. and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, that will help power its first-of-its kind local news program to support the U.S. local news ecosystem. The combined investment of more than […] Explore content Press Releases AP, Frontline documentary ‘2000 Meters to Andriivka’ to premiere on PBS and begin streaming online NOV. 13, 2025 On Tuesday, Nov. 25, 2025, Frontline, the PBS documentary series produced at GBH in Boston, and The Associated Press will present the U.S. broadcast and streaming premiere of “2000 Meters to Andriivka”: a stunning and immersive portrayal of the men fighting on the frontlines of the war in Ukraine. From the Oscar®-winning team behind “20 […] Explore content Press Releases AP debuts global data and intelligence offering NOV. 6, 2025 AP Intelligence, a new offering from The Associated Press, fills a critical gap in the world’s data infrastructure, leveraging the global news organization’s factual, eyewitness journalism as structured, verified data to power the information sources of the future.   The data offering will help enable organizations across a wide range of sectors to enrich their models, deepen their analysis and make sharper decisions in a rapidly changing information ecosystem.   “For nearly 180 years, The […] Explore content We work with organizations of all sizes across a broad spectrum of industries From news and media to global brands and institutions, we have the content, services and tools businesses like yours rely on. News and media Broadcasters, digital publishers, newspapers, production houses, OTT. Brands and agencies Local and global brands (finance, technology, travel, health, pharma), creative agencies. Institutions Governments, NGO’s, researchers, universities and colleges. AI, Tech and Data AI, Data and Technology companies. Our recent awards and prizes The outstanding work of our journalists has been recognized with numerous awards. These include 59 Pulitzer Prizes, more than any other news organization in the categories for which we can compete. 2024 Pulitzer Prize In 2024, we won the Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography for our compelling, multi-country photojournalism showing migration from Central America to the United States. 2024 Academy Awards “20 Days in Mariupol,” the feature documentary from The Associated Press and PBS documentary series Frontline won the Oscar for Best Documentary Feature Film at the 96th Academy Awards®. 2024 BAFTA film awards In 2024, “20 Days in Mariupol,” the feature documentary from The Associated Press and PBS “Frontline” earned a 2024 EE BAFTA Film Award in the Best Documentary category. Get in touch To find out more about how our content and services can help your organization Multimedia Content Video Text Photos Data Audio Archive Services and media solutions AP Newsroom APNews.com Artificial intelligence AP 360 AP Productions More from AP Metadata services AP Planner AP Daybooks AP StoryShare Workflow Solutions Site About Media center Careers Our story Our causes Our people AP support Privacy policy Terms and conditions Modern slavery statement No surprises act notice FOLLOW AP All contents © copyright 2025 The Associated Press . All rights reserved. Cookie Preferences Content Back Formats Back Video Live video Photos Graphics Text Services Data Solutions Audio Topics Back Breaking news Sports Business and finance Entertainment Lifestyle Climate and environment Religion and faith Politics Health Science Winter games 2026 Archive Partners and contributors Solutions Back Platforms Back AP Verify AP Newsroom Media API AP Stylebook AP StoryShare APNews.com Services Back Global Media Solutions AP Productions Branded content and advertising Learning Workflow Solutions Artificial intelligence Elections Back Our role Services Formats By industry Get in touch Intelligence Who we serve Back Media Back Workflow Solutions Local Investigative Reporting Program Metadata services AP Planner AP Daybooks AP Stylebook Government Education Finance AI, Tech and Data Insights News Highlights About Back Awards and recognition Media center Back The Definitive Source News values Supporting AP Corporate archives Careers AP Customer Zone Contact us FOLLOW AP You are now entering the English version This page is not available in your selected language. You are now viewing the English version. Continue