Skip to main content
Best Data Recovery Software
Get App
Log In
Expand user menu
r/DataRecoveryHelp
Create Post
Community highlights
Data Recovery Posting Guidelines:
What is the best 5 data recovery software for Mac & Windows in 2024 (Free/Paid)
Megathread
Discount & Coupon codes for Disk Drill, Stellar, EaseUS Data Recovery software
Hard Drive not showing up on multiple PCs
u/ajthornton22
•
2 days ago
Hard Drive not showing up on multiple PCs
Hard Drive not showing up on multiple PCs
r/Seagate
•
2 days ago
Hard Drive not showing up on multiple PCs

I have a 1TB Seagate HD, was just using my on Mac today and an hour later it’s now not showing up after being properly ejected. 

Tried plugging it in every way possible, both ports, and even on my brother’s PC that runs Windows. Tried accessing the disk management on Windows and to see if it traceable but nothing will show up. 

When I plug it in, everything is normal. Light comes right on, and I can hear the click and little fan come on inside. I tried a different cord (that plugs into the HD) but that didn’t make a difference. 

Really at my wits end atm cause I have all my music DAW files on this… Anything else I could try?

3 comments
u/Fuzzy_Show_2767
•
Promoted
Boost your render farm power this holiday season. Get double the credits for faster and more efficient rendering on our state-of-the-art cloud render farm!
foxrenderfarm.com
Raw Drive Data Recovery
u/nuuno2000
•
3 days ago
Raw Drive Data Recovery
Pc won't boot - "Reboot and Select proper Boot device"
r/pchelp
•
6 days ago
Pc won't boot - "Reboot and Select proper Boot device"

Update after Connecting the disk with a SATA to USB adapter: 

Although the disk manager showed the disk as "Raw" once, it seems to have some problem detecting it as most of the time it shows up on "My PC" but not on the disk manager, and once I try to refresh either program or right click the disk in "My PC" all windows become slow and eventually stop responding. 

Does this mean hardware damage? Is there any way to recover the data? 

Any help is greatly appreciated.

1 upvote · 3 comments
Attempting to retrieve unbacked up data
u/Kitchen_Confusion76
•
4 days ago
Attempting to retrieve unbacked up data

My iphone says iphone unavailable- but the clock is still working it is just behind. And my phone wallpaper is still there- issue is that i havent backed up anything on that phone. Can i get through to it or even get the data of that phone? Need it urgently. Also the phone locked due to glitchy screen password attempts….the version is ios 18.6.2 and a iphone 12 pro..

Created Nov 6, 2023
Public
43K74
COMMUNITY BOOKMARKS
Best Data Recovery
R/DATARECOVERYHELP RULES
1
No Excessive Advertising or Spam
BEST DATA RECOVERY SOFTWARE

Compare the best data recovery software for Mac and Windows, both free and paid, with detailed pros and cons.

Best Data Recovery Apps
Best Data Recovery Apps
MODERATORS
Moderator list hidden. Learn More
View all moderators
Reddit Rules
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Accessibility
Reddit, Inc. © 2025. All rights reserved.
Collapse Navigation
RESOURCES
About Reddit
Advertise
Developer Platform
Reddit Pro
BETA
Help
Blog
Careers
Press
Communities
Best of Reddit
Reddit Rules
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Accessibility
Reddit, Inc. © 2025. All rights reserved.