American Public Health Association Support APHA by making a year-end gift to shape a healthier, more resilient future in 2026 and beyond. Donate today! Show more Click here to donate to APHA . Join APHA Search About APHA APHA LEAD MyAPHA Account Shop Donate Renew Login Search Public Health Topics Public Health Topics Public Health Topics and Issues Climate Change COVID-19 Environmental Health Gun Violence Health Equity Maternal and Child Health Public Health Under Threat Racial Equity Vaccines View All Topics and Issues>> How can APHA help? What is public health and why is it important? How can I advocate for public health policy changes? What resources does APHA provide for public health professionals? How do I join APHA and what are the benefits of membership? Resources Resources Tools & Resources Policy Briefs Books Fact Sheets Research & Data That’s Public Health Videos Public Health Buyers Guide Public Health and Equity Resource Navigator (PHERN) FAQs Professional Development Public Health Jobs Professional Development APHA Now Courses Public Health Careers Internships & Fellowships Networking Opportunities Awards & Honors Publications American Journal of Public Health The Nation's Health Publications Public Health Newswire Publication Resources Join Generation Public Health Generation Public Health is a growing movement of people, organizations and communities working together to create the healthiest nation in one generation. Advocacy Advocacy APHA Advocacy Advocacy for Public Health Advocacy Priorities Action Alerts Letters to Congress Testimony, Comments and Briefs Be a Public Health Advocate Speak for Health Policy Policy Briefs Policy Brief Database Policy Brief Development Process Policy Brief Archiving Process Proposed Policy Briefs Legislative Updates APHA members can view legislative updates here. Initiatives Initiatives Initiatives National Public Health Week Generation Public Health Get Ready Public Health Thank You Day Centers & Programs Centers & Programs Climate Center Campaign for the Public's Health Center for Public Health Policy Center for Public Health Practice & Professional Development Alliance for the Public's Health What's new with APHA? How can I stay up-to-date with the latest news from APHA? What upcoming public health events can I take part in? How is APHA speaking out in the media about public health issues? News & Events News & Events Events Upcoming Events Annual Meeting Policy Action Institute Event Recordings News News & Media News Releases APHA in the News Podcasts Brand Guidelines Media Resources APHA 2025 — Making the Public's Health a National Priority Life expectancies have been declining since before the COVID-19 pandemic exposed the need to prioritize public health. Research has shown that public health efforts to prevent disease are more cost effective - and humane - than treating chronic health conditions, so now is the time to invest in our nation’s health. We need to prepare for the next pandemic, improve data collection to track and analyze diseases, conduct research on effective prevention and treatment methods and enact policies that promote better health for all people in all communities. Health is a human right; let’s make it a national priority. Membership Membership APHA Membership Information Membership Types Agency Membership Member Benefits Member Communities APHA LEAD Online Community Member Journey Member Directory Join APHA Renew Membership Gift a Membership Learn about APHA Membership The American Public Health Association is more than a professional association. We're a community. Our members work in every discipline of public health, in every U.S. state and in countries across the globe. And we're all united by a common goal: To promote optimal, equitable health and well-being for all. Join APHA. Together, we really can make a difference. Join APHA Championing optimal, equitable health and well-being for all. Speaking out for public health issues and policies for over 150 years. Stay informed and sign up for our newsletter Public Health Under Threat Proposed policies jeopardize critical public health systems and risk worsening health inequities. APHA 2025 Annual Meeting Thanks for joining us at APHA 2025! Relive the excitement with Annual Meeting Wire coverage, APHA TV videos, and more. Support for fired public health workers Reference this list of public health organizations and resources that provide job listings, professional development and networking opportunities in the public health sector. Who We Are Learn about who we are and what we're achieving What We Advocate We're the primary voice for public health. What is Public Health? Explore more about public health and why it matters. Upcoming Events Get more involved and make a difference in public health. Join APHA Become a part of our public health community. You can make a difference in public health We need your support to advocate for health equity and racial justice, educate decisionmakers on the benefits of access to affordable health care, and foster the next generation of public health leaders. Donate Events Calendar Register for upcoming events from APHA and a host of public health organizations, schools, programs and groups. View all events . Population Health Spotlight Speaker Series: Dr. Manganello Webinar January 21, 2026 This Population Health Spotlight Speaker Series event will feature Jennifer Manganello, PhD, MPH, professor at the University at Albany School of Public Health. Nutrition & Supplementation in Clinical Care Conference Conference January 29, 2026 The Nutrition & Supplementation in Clinical Care conference brings together leading experts in integrative and functional medicine to provide practical, evidence-informed strategies through lectures, workshops, and panel discussions covering a range of conditions and emerging trends. Population Health Spotlight Speaker Series: Dr. Gerberding Webinar March 11, 2026 This Population Health Spotlight Speaker Series event will feature Julie Louise Gerberding, MD, MPH, President and CEO of the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health. SCPHA Annual Conference Conference March 16, 2026 The SCPHA Annual Conference presents an exceptional opportunity for Public Health professionals and their allies from across the state to collaborate, network, and advance their knowledge. Maternal Mental Health FORUM Conference March 17, 2026 You won’t want to miss the 2026 Maternal Mental Health (MMH) FORUM, where cross-sector change agents will gather to drive change in maternal mental health. Policy Action Institute Conference June 9, 2026 Through panels, hands-on workshops and networking sessions with top public health policymakers, attendees learned how to navigate funding cuts, influence policy to drive change and secure critical resources for their initiatives. 🎙️ Listen to our public health podcasts Want to take in public health information while you're on the go? Download one of APHA's podcasts. Stay in the know with can't-miss updates featuring public health experts, researchers and other insiders. Learn about our podcasts News releases See what APHA has to say about key public health policy issues. APHA Joins Dozens of Public Health and Policy Experts to Urge DHS to Withdraw Proposed Public Charge Rule December 19, 2025 Leading Public Health Scholars Warn New Rule Would Cause Millions to Lose Essential Health and Nutrition Benefits. Leading Medical and Public Health Groups Request Transparency, Evidence Behind Changing ACIP Recommendations in Court Hearing December 17, 2025 A group of medical professional societies, led by the American Academy of Pediatrics, today argued in federal court that the changes to vaccine recommendations by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP), and other actions by HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. violate the Administrative Procedure Act (APA) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA). APHA urges bipartisan effort to extend ACA subsidies after Senate rejects three-year extension December 11, 2025 It is completely unacceptable that Congress is neglecting its duty to improve the health of the American people. ACIP decision to roll back universal Hepatitis B vaccine schedule recommendations will leave children vulnerable to unnecessary exposure and preventable illness December 5, 2025 The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices’ decision to change the universal Hepatitis B vaccine guidance increases the risk of infection for babies. This recommendation will leave children vulnerable to unnecessary exposure and preventable illness. Dive deeper into public health topics. APHA works to improve access to care, bring about health equity and support public health infrastructure. Public health is a broad field. We focus on the most important problems and solutions of our time. Check back often to see what topics and issues we're working on. Explore all health topics Vaccines Vaccines support our health at every stage of life, helping us stay healthy so we can work, learn, care for others and enjoy the moments that matter. Climate, Health and Equity APHA is committed to making sure the nation knows about the effects of climate change on health. Public Health Under Threat Proposed policies jeopardize critical public health systems and risk worsening health inequities. Gun Violence Gun violence is a leading cause of premature death in the U.S. and results in nearly 85,000 non-fatal injuries annually. Immigrant Health APHA supports policies that encourage positive health behaviors and promote access to health services, regardless of an individual’s citizenship status. Health Equity Creating health equity is a guiding priority and core value of APHA. By health equity, we mean everyone has the opportunity to attain their highest level of health. Extreme Heat resource hub Discover actionable steps you can take to address the challenges of extreme heat, from raising public awareness and strengthening healthcare system preparedness to advocating for heat-resilient communities. We serve as a convener, catalyst and advocate to build capacity in the public health community We champion equitable health and well-being for all. We speak out for public health issues and policies backed by science. Contact Us 150 years of service. We are the only organization that combines a 150-year perspective, a broad-based member community and the ability to influence federal policy to improve the public's health. Investing in public health means investing in America's future. Investing in public health improves our quality of life, helps children thrive, reduces human suffering and saves money. Connecting public health professionals for a better tomorrow. Our members represent over 25,000 public health professionals who are committed to creating the healthiest nation in one generation. Contact Us Learn more about APHA membership The American Public Health Association is more than a professional association. We're a community. Our members work in every discipline of public health, in every U.S. state and in countries across the globe. And we're all united by a common goal: To promote optimal, equitable health and well-being for all. APHA membership information Membership Perks More than 25,000+ public health professionals are engaging with the amazing benefits APHA membership provides! Membership Types and Rates APHA membership categories represent the professional stages of a person's career. All categories receive APHA's core benefits, including award-winning publications, networking opportunities and career services. Gift Membership Give the gift of APHA membership! Agency Membership Organizational membership with APHA is an easy, affordable way for public health professionals to get involved with amazing APHA benefits. Special Member Savings Enjoy discounts on car, health and life insurance and entertainment from AMBA, Gallagher and Hertz. Support Public Health 800 I Street, NW Washington, DC 20001 202-777-2742 About Us Strategic Plan History Board & Staff Centers and Programs Governance Financial Statements Careers at APHA Get Involved Join Participate Follow Advocate Pledge Learn Donate Our Sites American Journal of Public Health The Nation's Health APHA Press Public Health Buyers Guide Get Ready CareerMart Join our newsletter! Copyright © 2025 Privacy Policy Back to top We use cookies to improve your experience and for advertising. By clicking 'Accept', you agree to our use of cookies. View our privacy policy at www.apha.org/privacy. Accept