American Petroleum Institute | API About Membership Events Webstore API Portal Contact Issues Energy Insights News Products + Services Issues Learn how we engage with policy makers to ensure safe, reliable, and affordable energy for the future as demand continues to grow. Access & Production Trade & Global Markets Fuels & Refining Infrastructure & Permitting Tax Policy Climate Policy Industry Safety Energy Insights API's Energy Insights Hub provides updated statistics, data visualizations, timely analysis, and in-depth reports on all aspects of the oil and natural gas industry. Charts & Analysis Industry Explained Studies Statistics Global Industry Services API’s Global Industry Services drives safety and efficiency within the oil and gas industry through standards, certifications, assessments, training and more. Request a Quote Certifications Directories Worldwide Representatives Standards Process Safety Site Assessment Program Pipeline SMS Assessment Program Pipeline SMS Contractor Assessment Program Center for Offshore Safety (COS) Individual Certification Programs (ICP) Training API Monogram and APIQR API Repair and Remanufacture Program 19B Perforator Program Engine Oil (EOLCS) Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) The Workforce Behind America’s Energy Leadership America’s Energy Story Takes the Spotlight in Paramount+ Hit Series Landman America Builds. America wins. Without reform, America risks falling behind. The moment for action is now. Informing the Future of American Energy API Standards, Certifications, Assessment and Training To protect stakeholders and improve efficiency. The Real-Life ‘Landman’ Permitting Reform Stay Informed Cultivating a Safety Culture The Workforce Behind America’s Energy Leadership With the return of the Paramount+ hit series Landman, API has launched a new national strategic campaign grounded in the growing, practical understanding of America’s energy needs, spotlighting the real-life landmen whose commitment to safety, opportunity and genius is powering America’s energy future. Learn More America Builds. America wins. Building new infrastructure allows energy to flow faster and more easily which could make energy more affordable for consumers. Learn More Informing the Future of American Energy Stay informed with the latest news, analysis, and commentary from the American Petroleum Institute. Explore updates on energy policy, industry innovation, and the people driving America’s energy future — all from the nation’s leading voice for the oil and natural gas industry. API Standards, Certifications, Assessment and Training API’s Global Industry Services (GIS) division is responsible for standards setting, certification, training, events, publications, and safety programs for industry operations. GIS works with leading industry subject-matter experts to develop and maintain more than 800 Standards and Recommended Practices for the natural gas and oil industry that drive safety, environmental protection, and sustainability across industry operations. Read More Issue Advocacy Access & Production Trade & Global Markets Tax Policy Infrastructure & Permitting Fuels & Refining Climate Policy News Joint Statement from U.S. Trade Groups on ISO-GHGP Partnership December 19, 2025 Read More API Applauds Bipartisan House Passage of SPEED Act December 18, 2025 Read More See More News API Releases New Recommended Practice for the Safe Transport of CO2 by Pipeline December 17, 2025 Read More Energy Economics API conducts or sponsors analysis and research in support of free markets, inform cost-effective regulation, and promote economic growth. API also collects, maintains, and publishes statistics on all aspects of industry operations. Together, this analysis, research, and statistics provide facts, context, and insights for policy makers, media, and the public. Visit Energy Insights to Learn More Events SEE ALL EVENTS January 26 - 30, 2026 2026 Winter Exploration and Production Standards Meeting Hyatt Regency Austin – Austin, Texas Learn More January 27 - 30, 2026 2026 API/AGA Joint Committee on Pipeline Welding Practices Hyatt Regency Austin – Austin, Texas Learn More March 09 - 13, 2026 2026 Spring Committee on Petroleum Measurement Standards Meeting Hyatt Regency Denver – Denver, Colorado Learn More Become an Energy Citizen Energy Citizens is a movement focused on keeping America #1 in energy production and
                                putting America's national security first. We are a diverse community of Americans who
                                strongly believe that, in order to have a better future, we need affordable, reliable,
                                and safe energy. Register Now X Feed Follow Us About Careers Contact Stay Connected API Energy Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on X Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on YouTube API Global © Copyright 2025 - API. All Rights Reserved. | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Privacy & Cookies Notice Terms & Conditions