Skip to content Get started Log in Product Back Start here! Get data with ready-made web scrapers for popular websites Browse 12,023 Actors Apify platform Apify Store Pre-built web scraping tools Actors Build and run serverless programs Integrations Connect with apps and services MCP Give your AI access to Actors Anti-blocking Anti-blocking Scrape without getting blocked Proxy Rotate scraper IP addresses Open source Crawlee Web scraping and crawling library Solutions Back MCP server configuration Configure your Apify MCP server with Actors and tools for seamless integration with MCP clients. Start building Web data for Enterprise Startups Universities Nonprofits Use cases Data for generative AI Data for AI agents Lead generation Market research View more → Consulting Apify Professional Services Apify Partners Developers Back Documentation Full reference for the Apify platform Get started Code templates Python, JavaScript, and TypeScript Web scraping academy Courses for beginners and experts Monetize your code Publish your scrapers and get paid Learn API reference CLI SDK MCP Crawlee Publish tools on Apify and win big prizes Join the challenge Resources Back Help and support Advice and answers about Apify Actor ideas Get inspired to build Actors Changelog See what’s new on Apify Customer stories Find out how others use Apify Company About Apify Contact us Blog Live events Partners Jobs We're hiring! Join our Discord Talk to scraping experts Pricing Contact sales Build Win big in $1M Challenge Get web data. Build automations. Apify Actors scrape up-to-date web data from any website for AI apps and agents,
 social media monitoring, competitive intelligence, lead generation, and product research. Try it now TikTok Scraper clockworks / tiktok-scraper Extract data from TikTok videos, hashtags, and users. Use URLs or search queries to scrape TikTok profiles, hashtags, posts, URLs, shares, followers, hearts, names, video, and music-related data. Export scraped data, run the scraper via API, schedule and monitor runs or integrate with other tools. Clockworks 110K 4.7 Google Maps Scraper compass / crawler-google-places Extract data from thousands of Google Maps locations and businesses, including reviews, reviewer details, images, contact info, including full name, email, and job title, opening hours, prices & more. Export data, run via API, schedule and monitor runs, or integrate with other tools. Compass 236K 4.7 Instagram Scraper apify / instagram-scraper Scrape and download Instagram posts, profiles, places, hashtags, photos, and comments. Get data from Instagram using one or more Instagram URLs or search queries. Export scraped data, run the scraper via API, schedule and monitor runs or integrate with other tools. Apify 161K 4.7 Website Content Crawler apify / website-content-crawler Crawl websites and extract text content to feed AI models, LLM applications, vector databases, or RAG pipelines. The Actor supports rich formatting using Markdown, cleans the HTML, downloads files, and integrates well with 🦜🔗 LangChain, LlamaIndex, and the wider LLM ecosystem. Apify 94K 4.7 Amazon Scraper junglee / free-amazon-product-scraper Gets you product data from Amazon. Unofficial API. Scrapes and downloads product information without using the Amazon API, including reviews, prices, descriptions, and ASIN. Junglee 9.5K 4.7 Facebook Posts Scraper apify / facebook-posts-scraper Extract data from hundreds of Facebook posts from one or multiple Facebook pages and profiles. Get post URL, post text, page or profile URL, timestamp, number of likes, shares, comments, and more. Download the data in JSON, CSV, and Excel and use it in apps, spreadsheets, and reports. Apify 41K 4.8 TikTok Scraper clockworks / tiktok-scraper Extract data from TikTok videos, hashtags, and users. Use URLs or search queries to scrape TikTok profiles, hashtags, posts, URLs, shares, followers, hearts, names, video, and music-related data. Export scraped data, run the scraper via API, schedule and monitor runs or integrate with other tools. Clockworks 110K 4.7 Google Maps Scraper compass / crawler-google-places Extract data from thousands of Google Maps locations and businesses, including reviews, reviewer details, images, contact info, including full name, email, and job title, opening hours, prices & more. Export data, run via API, schedule and monitor runs, or integrate with other tools. Compass 236K 4.7 Instagram Scraper apify / instagram-scraper Scrape and download Instagram posts, profiles, places, hashtags, photos, and comments. Get data from Instagram using one or more Instagram URLs or search queries. Export scraped data, run the scraper via API, schedule and monitor runs or integrate with other tools. Apify 161K 4.7 Website Content Crawler apify / website-content-crawler Crawl websites and extract text content to feed AI models, LLM applications, vector databases, or RAG pipelines. The Actor supports rich formatting using Markdown, cleans the HTML, downloads files, and integrates well with 🦜🔗 LangChain, LlamaIndex, and the wider LLM ecosystem. Apify 94K 4.7 Amazon Scraper junglee / free-amazon-product-scraper Gets you product data from Amazon. Unofficial API. Scrapes and downloads product information without using the Amazon API, including reviews, prices, descriptions, and ASIN. Junglee 9.5K 4.7 Facebook Posts Scraper apify / facebook-posts-scraper Extract data from hundreds of Facebook posts from one or multiple Facebook pages and profiles. Get post URL, post text, page or profile URL, timestamp, number of likes, shares, comments, and more. Download the data in JSON, CSV, and Excel and use it in apps, spreadsheets, and reports. Apify 41K 4.8 Browse 10,000+ Actors Trusted by global technology leaders Not just a web scraping API Marketplace of 10,000+ Actors Apify has Actors for scraping websites, automating the web, and feeding AI with web data. Visit Apify Store Build and deploy your own Have a new use case? Start building new Actors with our code templates and extensive guides. Start building Or we can build it for you Rely on our experts to deliver and maintain custom web scraping solutions for you. Learn more Easily integrate Zapier GitHub Google Sheets Pinecone any app Airbyte MCP clients Google Drive Slack Zapier with Actors Browse integrations View SDKs Build and deploy reliable scrapers Open-source tools Proxies Unblocking Cloud deployment Monitoring Data processing We love open source Apify works great with both Python and JavaScript, as well as Playwright, Puppeteer, Selenium, Scrapy, and Crawlee - our own web crawling and browser automation library. JavaScript Python 1 import { PuppeteerCrawler , Dataset } from "crawlee" ; 2 3 const crawler = new PuppeteerCrawler ( { 4 async requestHandler ( { request , page , enqueueLinks } ) { 5 await Dataset . pushData ( { 6 url : request . url , 7 title : await page . title ( ) , 8 } ) ; 9 await enqueueLinks ( ) ; 10 } , 11 } ) ; 12 13 await crawler . run ( [ "https://crawlee.dev" ] ) ; LlamaIndex Langchain Playwright Puppeteer Cheerio Selenium Scrapy BeautifulSoup Learn. Web Scraping Academy Classes for beginners and experts. Learn about web scraping and automation with our free courses. Visit Academy Code. Code templates JavaScript, TypeScript, and Python templates to quick-start your web scraping projects. Get started Connect. Discord community Get help from the Apify developer community of more than 11,500 members. Join community Publish Actors. Get paid. Reach thousands of new customers Building and running a SaaS is hard. Building an Actor and selling it on Apify Store is 10x easier. Get users from day one. Learn more No upfront costs Publishing your Actor is free of charge—the customers pay for the computing resources. New creators get $500 free platform credits. Rely on Apify infra Actors scale automatically as you gain new users. You don’t need to worry about compute, storage, proxies, or authentication. Billing is on us Handling payments, taxes, and invoicing is a painful part of running a SaaS. Apify does all that and sends you a net payout every month. Enterprise-grade solution Secure and reliable web data extraction provider for any scale. 99.95% uptime. SOC2, GDPR, and CCPA compliant. Contact sales Learn more We looked at several providers, and Apify was the most complete, reliant solution we found. It was miles ahead of everything else we reviewed. Pranav Singh Engineering Manager at Intercom We selected Apify because of their vast experience with web data collection to empower our sales team with fresh, unique leads. Filip Popovic COO at Groupon Our collaboration with Apify proves that advanced IT tools leveraging AI can be the key in detecting infringements of consumer protection legislation. Marie-Paule Benassi Consumer Affairs Director at EU Read more customer stories Apify Professional Services Our experienced team can help you design, implement, and successfully execute your web scraping project. Learn more It's time to run 
your first Actor. Get started Get a demo Product Apify Store Integrations Proxy MCP Crawlee Developers Documentation Code templates API reference Get paid on Apify Consulting Professional Services Apify Partners Support Help & Support Submit your ideas Forum Spotlight APIs What is web scraping? Best web scraping tools Python web scraping libraries Scrapers Company About Apify Contact us Events Blog Become an affiliate Customer stories Changelog Jobs We're hiring! Brand Impressum Socials Security Reviews Loading status... Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookies © 2025 Apify Apify: Full-stack web scraping and data extraction platform