Skip to main content

developers.google.com uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks
Products
Developer Program
Solutions
Events
More
/
Sign in
Meet Gemini 3 Flash

Frontier intelligence that scales with you. Available across many of our products, APIs and throughout the ecosystem.

Start building
Trending news
Meet Google's new agentic developer platform
Introducing Google Antigravity, evolving the IDE to elevate all aspects of development.
Learn more
Introduce Chrome DevTools MCP to your AI agent
Use Chrome DevTools MCP to have your AI agent run performance traces, inspect the DOM, and debug pages.
Learn more
Android Studio Otter is now available
Take advantage of the newest features by downloading the latest version of Android Studio.
Download now
Notes from Google Play
Your innovation fuels our commitment to make Play more rewarding. See how we evolved the store, added powerful new tools to save you time, and worked with you to build a safer ecosystem in 2025.
Watch now
Start building today

Android

Modern tools to help you build experiences that people love across every Android device.

Chrome

Build apps faster, make smarter business decisions, and connect people everywhere.

Google Play

Grow your business, improve app quality, engage your audience, and earn revenue.

Google AI Studio

Build generative AI applications quickly with Gemini in Google AI Studio.

Firebase

Google's mobile and web app development platform that helps developers build apps and games that users will love.

Flutter

Build, test, and deploy beautiful web, mobile, desktop and embedded apps from one codebase.

Google Antigravity

An agentic development platform, evolving the IDE into the agent-first era. Build with agents elevating all aspects of software development.

Gemini API

Build and deploy production ready generative AI experiences, enhanced by Gemini models. Get started for free!

Gemini CLI

Free and open source, Gemini CLI brings Gemini directly into your terminal — with unmatched access for individuals.

Gemini Code Assist

Gemini 2.5 in your IDE, with code-aware chat and completion.

Google Cloud

Build apps faster, make smarter business decisions, and connect people everywhere.

Colab

Colab notebook is an intelligent partner for your data analysis, model experimentation, and rapid prototyping.

View all developer products
Sharpen your AI skills
Invest in your development journey with exclusive benefits and resources designed to help you learn, build, and grow with Google.
Learn more
Explore accelerator programs
Accelerators empower startups, developers, and nonprofits to better solve the world's biggest challenges.
Learn more
Find an event
Grow your knowledge through online and in-person developer events.
View events
Join a community
Meet a diverse network, no matter where you are on your developer journey.
Explore communities
Follow Google for Developers

YouTube

Subscribe to join a community of creative developers and learn the latest in Google technology.

Bluesky

Stay updated with the latest developer news, tips, and community highlights.

Instagram

Follow and discover developer resources, community events, and inspirational stories.

LinkedIn

Join a community of creative developers and learn how to use the latest in technology.

X

Join the conversation to discover the latest developer tools, resources, events, and announcements.

Connect
Blog
Bluesky
Instagram
LinkedIn
X (Twitter)
YouTube
Programs
Google Developer Program
Google Developer Groups
Google Developer Experts
Accelerators
Google Cloud & NVIDIA
Developer consoles
Google API Console
Google Cloud Platform Console
Google Play Console
Firebase Console
Actions on Google Console
Cast SDK Developer Console
Chrome Web Store Dashboard
Google Home Developer Console
Android
Chrome
Firebase
Google Cloud Platform
Google AI
All products
Terms
Privacy
Manage cookies
Info
Chat
API