AppDynamics joins the Splunk Observability portfolio | Splunk Deutsch Francais 日本語 한국어 中文 繁體中文 Search Search Platform Back platform Products Cloud Platform Leverage a flexible data platform offered as a service Enterprise Unify security and observability with a data platform Splunkbase Explore 2,000+ Splunk apps and add-ons Platform overview Use Cases Data Optimization Manage critical data, storage, and costs IT Modernization Maximize IT impact with AIOps IT Service Health Analyze service health from one view View all use cases Build digital resilience with Splunk AI Learn more See Splunk Cloud Platform in action Explore the product tour Security Back security Products Enterprise Security Unify TDIR with the AI-powered SecOps platform Security overview Capabilities SIEM Power your SOC with market-leading SIEM SOAR Accelerate and automate response workflows UEBA Alert on anomalies and unusual behavior Attack Analyzer Automate threat analysis and enhance forensics Asset and Risk Intelligence Reduce risk with continuous asset discovery Use Cases Advanced Threat Detection Uncover sophisticated threats and malicious insiders Automation and Orchestration Boost SOC productivity and reduce manual tasks Compliance Access easy auditing and reporting Security Monitoring Centralize data for complete visibility View all use cases Boost SOC productivity with Splunk AI Learn more See why Splunk is an 11-time Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for SIEM Read the analyst report Observability Back observability Products Observability Cloud Gain real-time visibility across any environment IT Service Intelligence Protect service performance with AIOps AppDynamics Optimize apps with full-stack insight Observability overview Use Cases Alert Noise Reduction Prioritize alerts to lower MTTD/MTTR Cloud Monitoring Optimization Troubleshoot faster with metrics and logs End-User Experiences Detect and prevent issues impacting users Microservices Troubleshooting Diagnose root causes and debug issues View all use cases Build a leading observability practice with Splunk AI Learn more See how Splunk is a 3-time Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Observability Platforms Read the analyst report Industries Back industries Aerospace and Defense Communications and Media Energy and Utilities Financial Services Healthcare Higher Education Manufacturing Nonprofits Online Services Public Sector Retail Technology View all industries Reduce Financial Crime and Fraud in Financial Services Read the brief A Strategic Approach for AI Implementation in Discrete Manufacturing Download now See Across Every System to Maximize Network Resilience Read the e-book Resources Back resources Get Started Get Started with Splunk Splunk Lantern Community and User Groups Customer Success Resource Center Learn Training and Certification Documentation Product Tours Blogs Events .conf26 Why Splunk Why Splunk Awards and Recognition Customer Stories Splunk vs. the Competition Partners Pricing Search Support Back Support Customer Support Support Portal Contact Us Splunk Answers System Status Cisco Support AppDynamics Support Product Security Updates Log In Back Log In Log In Sign Up My Dashboard Instances My Training Logout Trials & Downloads Search SPLUNK OBSERVABILITY AppDynamics joins Splunk Observability Ensure resilience with unified observability across any environment, any stack. Explore the Product Get support AppDynamics is part of the Splunk Observability portfolio Splunk AppDynamics delivers full-stack observability linked to business performance for hybrid and three-tier applications. We’re unlocking new use cases, delivering new features, and implementing integrations with other Splunk products, all powered by AI that accelerates troubleshooting and resolution across teams. Use the products that meet your requirements — no migration needed. Optimize hybrid and on-prem performance Deliver peak performance with unique AppDynamics capabilities: Application performance monitoring linked to business metrics — and every network, ISP, API, and service your applications rely on Application security linked to business risk Monitoring for SAP® Solutions Digital experience monitoring Build resilience with unified observability AppDynamics is expanding observability for hybrid and on-prem applications. Cisco is investing in observability as a key product strategy and prioritizing a streamlined, AI-powered experience for AppDynamics and the Splunk Observability portfolio. Use just AppDynamics or AppDynamics and other Splunk products. Observe your full stack Ensure ITOps, Engineering, Network, and Security teams see across: Traditional and modern applications – three-tier architectures and cloud-native apps All domains – on-prem, private cloud, public cloud Owned and unowned networks – from devices and LANs to internet dependencies like CDNs or external DNS providers Get best-in-class observability Achieve full-stack observability with unified visibility across any environment, any stack: See how problems anywhere in your environment impact your business Detect and investigate issues sooner, proactively, so you spend less time in war rooms Gain better control of your data and costs Integration of AppDynamics and Splunk will allow us to make further use of Splunk AI features to analyze our security infrastructure and application data, identify trends and generate critical action items across environments. Dan Field Director of Platform and Network Engineering, United Airlines WEBINAR Splunk + AppDynamics: The Future of Observability Troubleshoot performance and security issues faster, with less toil. Avoid negative impact on your business and customers. See how Splunk and AppDynamics unify visibility and align teams. Watch the webinar Frequently asked questions What is the future of AppDynamics? Cisco is investing in observability as a key pillar of its product strategy. AppDynamics is a critical part of our business. We’re prioritizing a unified, streamlined experience across the portfolio of AppDynamics and Splunk offerings. Cisco is combining AppDynamics, Splunk Platform, Observability Cloud, and IT Service Intelligence into a single portfolio called Splunk Observability. This portfolio combines AppD’s unparalleled visibility and business insights across 3-tier/n-tier applications with Splunk’s industry-defining log analytics and best-in-class cloud-native observability. No migration is required. What solutions are in the Splunk Observability portfolio? Splunk’s Observability portfolio consists of the Splunk platform, Splunk AppDynamics, Splunk Observability Cloud, and Splunk IT Service Intelligence. The combined portfolio is complementary: Splunk AppDynamics : Optimize three-tier and hybrid and on-prem application performance with application performance monitoring (APM), application security, AppDynamics Monitoring for SAP® Solutions, infrastructure monitoring, business analytics, digital experience monitoring (DEM) including network intelligence with ThousandEyes integration, and more. Splunk Observability Cloud : Optimize cloud-native application performance with APM, infrastructure monitoring, real-user monitoring and synthetic monitoring, and correlation with logs from the Splunk Platform for fast, codeless and in-context troubleshooting. Splunk IT Service Intelligence : Monitor service health and detect anomalies. Consolidate alerts and events from the rest of the portfolio and other monitoring tools to reduce alert noise with AIOps. Give ITOps teams visibility into business processes that cut across different application domains and IT systems. Does Cisco plan to continue investing in AppDynamics innovations? Yes! We support the continued need for business-focused observability for hybrid and multi-tier applications. For business, regulatory, and other reasons, many organizations choose not to refactor these applications to be microservices-centric. In addition to a robust individual product roadmap of features and enhancements, we are enhancing integrations between AppDynamics, Splunk platform, Splunk Observability Cloud, and Splunk IT Service Intelligence. Many integration capabilities are available now. With the acquisition of Splunk, is Cisco sunsetting AppDynamics? Nope! AppDynamics is a critical component of the Splunk Observability portfolio. It is a foundational enabler that helps our customers achieve full-stack observability for their hybrid and three-tier application environments. How does the Splunk Observability portfolio benefit AppDynamics customers? The integrations and unified experience spanning the Splunk Observability portfolio enable AppDynamics to harness the capabilities of the Splunk platform, Splunk Observability Cloud, and Splunk IT Service Intelligence. AppDynamics customers can quickly and seamlessly centralize log analytics to control costs, group related alerts from any source to reduce noise, correlate IT service health with business KPIs, and monitor and troubleshoot cloud-native environments. Additionally, unified AI-powered capabilities are coming soon across the portfolio. AppDynamics customers can streamline workflows and get even more value from their AppDynamics deployment and their overall observability investments. Why is Cisco AppDynamics now Splunk AppDynamics? We changed the name to reflect that AppDynamics is an important part of the Splunk Observability portfolio. Cisco acquired Splunk in March 2024. How are you unifying the solutions in the Splunk Observability portfolio? Integration throughout the portfolio is underway, focusing on Splunk AI and unified product experiences unified logs, metrics, and traces as well as identity and administration integrated workflows across AppDynamics and Observability Cloud integrated alerts and network telemetry from AppDynamics and other Cisco products in ITSI Available now, Log Observer Connect for AppDynamics delivers context-preserving deep linking between AppDynamics and Splunk platform. AppDynamics application alerts and metrics are already integrated into ITSI for alert noise reduction and service health. Learn about Splunk AppDynamics Optimize hybrid and on-prem application performance with full-stack observability linked to business performance. Explore the Product COMPANY COMPANY About Splunk Careers How Splunk Compares Leadership Newsroom Partners Splunk Policy Positions SURGe Why Splunk? PRODUCTS PRODUCTS Free Trials & Downloads Pricing View All Products SPLUNK SITES SPLUNK SITES .conf Documentation Investor Relations Training & Certification Splunk Store Videos View All Resources LEARN LEARN What Is SIEM? Splunk Universal Forwarder OpenTelemetry: An Introduction Metrics For The SOC What Is Observability? IT & Systems Monitoring: An Overview Reliability Metrics LLMs vs SLMs: What’s The Difference? IT & Tech Spending For 2025 View All Articles CONTACT SPLUNK CONTACT SPLUNK Contact Sales Contact Support USER REVIEWS USER REVIEWS Gartner Peer Insights™ PeerSpot TrustRadius LANGUAGES LANGUAGES Deutsch Francais 日本語 한국어 体中文 繁體中文 Splunk Global Footer Logo Twitter Facebook Linked In Youtube Instagram Legal Privacy Sitemap Cookies / Do not sell or share my personal data Website Terms of Use Modern Slavery © 2005 - 2025 Splunk LLC All rights reserved. ×