More than analytics for iOS and Android in-app subscriptions – Apphud Product Product Apphud for development Easily integrate in-app subscriptions Apphud for marketing Analyze app revenue metrics Apphud for product Win back lapsed customers, reduce churn, run A/B experiments Paywall screens (new!) Convert Figma designs into real app paywalls Flows Built web-to-web campaigns that convert - for free and without code Win back refunds add-on Streamline your refund management process and reduce revenue loss Integrations Send subscription events to third-party tools Why Apphud? Pricing Resources Resources Quickstart guide Blog Documentation Case study Installation iOS Android Free services Apple Receipt Checker Apple’s Fiscal Calendar Paywalls Gallery App Revenue Calculator System status Contact Sign in Book a demo Skyrocket your app growth with a revenue data suite Apphud covers every aspect when it comes to in-app subscriptions from integration to analytics on iOS and Android Book a demo Start for free Trusted by 14,000+ apps Real-time app revenue analytics Use robust visualizations and reports to see the big picture of the app economy down to the finest details. Cohorts and funnels Dashboard and charts Advanced filters Cohorts and funnels Measure paid users and revenue retention with 99.9% accuracy. Identify and fix bottlenecks in your app monetization funnel Dashboard and charts Get all-embracing visibility of your app MRR, ARPU, Churn, Refund rate, and 20+ more key revenue metrics to make data-driven decisions Advanced filters Get granular insights and discover your hidden revenue drivers with data segmentation by user acquisition channel, age, location, and 20+ more properties Previous Advanced filters Get granular insights and discover your hidden revenue drivers with data segmentation by user acquisition channel, age, location, and 20+ more properties Cohorts and funnels Measure paid users and revenue retention with 99.9% accuracy. Identify and fix bottlenecks in your app monetization funnel Dashboard and charts Get all-embracing visibility of your app MRR, ARPU, Churn, Refund rate, and 20+ more key revenue metrics to make data-driven decisions Advanced filters Get granular insights and discover your hidden revenue drivers with data segmentation by user acquisition channel, age, location, and 20+ more properties Cohorts and funnels Measure paid users and revenue retention with 99.9% accuracy. Identify and fix bottlenecks in your app monetization funnel Dashboard and charts Get all-embracing visibility of your app MRR, ARPU, Churn, Refund rate, and 20+ more key revenue metrics to make data-driven decisions Advanced filters Get granular insights and discover your hidden revenue drivers with data segmentation by user acquisition channel, age, location, and 20+ more properties Next Cutting-edge mobile marketing solution Seamlessly measure your ad performance and elevate your marketing strategy by relying on accurate, purified revenue data. 20+ integrations Attribution Web-to-web solution 20+ integrations Easily connect Apphud with MMPs, BI, and other tools you use. Send in-app subscription conversions, renewals, cancellations, and refunds to integrations and vastly simplify ad performance measurement Attribution Scale your Apple Search Ads (ASA) by segmenting revenue metrics to gain insights. Reduce Web-to-App campaign costs by reporting conversion events to Facebook and TikTok. Web-to-web solution Easily create custom workflows with Apphud Flow without any coding skills. Launch high-converting web-to-web campaigns in days. Analyze and optimize your results with detailed, granular data. Learn more Previous Web-to-web solution Easily create custom workflows with Apphud Flow without any coding skills. Launch high-converting web-to-web campaigns in days. Analyze and optimize your results with detailed, granular data. Learn more 20+ integrations Easily connect Apphud with MMPs, BI, and other tools you use. Send in-app subscription conversions, renewals, cancellations, and refunds to integrations and vastly simplify ad performance measurement Attribution Scale your Apple Search Ads (ASA) by segmenting revenue metrics to gain insights. Reduce Web-to-App campaign costs by reporting conversion events to Facebook and TikTok. Web-to-web solution Easily create custom workflows with Apphud Flow without any coding skills. Launch high-converting web-to-web campaigns in days. Analyze and optimize your results with detailed, granular data. Learn more 20+ integrations Easily connect Apphud with MMPs, BI, and other tools you use. Send in-app subscription conversions, renewals, cancellations, and refunds to integrations and vastly simplify ad performance measurement Attribution Scale your Apple Search Ads (ASA) by segmenting revenue metrics to gain insights. Reduce Web-to-App campaign costs by reporting conversion events to Facebook and TikTok. Web-to-web solution Easily create custom workflows with Apphud Flow without any coding skills. Launch high-converting web-to-web campaigns in days. Analyze and optimize your results with detailed, granular data. Learn more Next Powerful app growth platform Apphud is an essential tool to grow app lifetime value from day one. Supercharged with tools to find the best pricing, radically reduce churn, and recover lapsed subscribers. A/B/C pricing tests Push notifications Win back refunds A/B/C pricing tests Find the best performing combination of prices and purchase screens that maximizes your app profit Push notifications Retain and return customers with special discounts through automated Rules. Create offer screens and surveys without coding skills. Win back refunds Effectively manage refund requests on the App Store with automated processes to minimize revenue loss. Learn more Previous Win back refunds Effectively manage refund requests on the App Store with automated processes to minimize revenue loss. Learn more A/B/C pricing tests Find the best performing combination of prices and purchase screens that maximizes your app profit Push notifications Retain and return customers with special discounts through automated Rules. Create offer screens and surveys without coding skills. Win back refunds Effectively manage refund requests on the App Store with automated processes to minimize revenue loss. Learn more A/B/C pricing tests Find the best performing combination of prices and purchase screens that maximizes your app profit Push notifications Retain and return customers with special discounts through automated Rules. Create offer screens and surveys without coding skills. Win back refunds Effectively manage refund requests on the App Store with automated processes to minimize revenue loss. Learn more Next Reliable in-app subscriptions infrastructure Apphud takes care of in-app subscriptions implementation nightmare, so you can dramatically reduce dev costs and focus on the product. SDK for any platform Observer mode Revenue API SDK for any platform Lightweight open-source Apphud SDKs are designed to work seamlessly on both iOS and Android and support cross-platform apps Observer mode Use Apphud along with the existing solution to reduce release cycles, and to benefit from precise revenue tracking we provide Revenue API Enrich your BI data with the accurate API that provides App Store and Google Play tax and currency exchange rates, and proper proceeds calculation Previous Revenue API Enrich your BI data with the accurate API that provides App Store and Google Play tax and currency exchange rates, and proper proceeds calculation SDK for any platform Lightweight open-source Apphud SDKs are designed to work seamlessly on both iOS and Android and support cross-platform apps Observer mode Use Apphud along with the existing solution to reduce release cycles, and to benefit from precise revenue tracking we provide Revenue API Enrich your BI data with the accurate API that provides App Store and Google Play tax and currency exchange rates, and proper proceeds calculation SDK for any platform Lightweight open-source Apphud SDKs are designed to work seamlessly on both iOS and Android and support cross-platform apps Observer mode Use Apphud along with the existing solution to reduce release cycles, and to benefit from precise revenue tracking we provide Revenue API Enrich your BI data with the accurate API that provides App Store and Google Play tax and currency exchange rates, and proper proceeds calculation Next Book a demo Accurately predict customer lifetime value with innovative analytics LTV prediction tool is designed to provide you with invaluable insights into your customers' lifetime value, enabling you to make data-driven decisions and optimize your marketing strategies for maximum profitability Enhanced marketing strategy Level up your marketing with LTV predictions to identify high-value customers, anticipate churn, and tailor campaigns accordingly Optimal resource allocation Allocate your resources wisely by identifying which customer segments contribute the most to your revenue stream Increased revenue and ROI Maximize your return on investment by focusing on customers with the highest LTV Contact us Learn more #1 in app revenue tracking accuracy 99.9% data match with AppStore Connect and GooglePlay Console Flawless tax calculation for 176 countries User-level data With Apphud up to 0,01% of data discrepancy In-House or Other tools up to 15% of data discrepancy Read the research Let’s grow your app revenue together +21% revenue Lumos The Lumos team optimized user acquisition campaigns on trials and analized the ARPAS metric +61% CR AEZAKMI Group AEZAKMI Group doubled app revenue and increase the conversion rate to subscription by 61% with A/B experiments 9Х revenue Uplens The Uplens team increased app revenue by 900% in 9 months with Apphud’s analytics and the push notification automation tool Book a demo Powered by data. Proved by numbers. Built for scale. 150M+ Events tracked monthly $1B+ Total revenue tracked 20M+ End users monthly 99.99% Infrastructure uptime What mobile experts tell about us Speaking from experience I can tell you that Apphud is a reliable and insightful subscription infrastructure with precise app revenue tracking. Apphud takes a great deal of necessary work on itself allowing us to zero in on product development, monetization as well as user acquisition. Our team has been doing business with Apphud for 2 years and fully trusts them. Alexander Rabtsevich Founder&CEO at PlantMe Apphud helps us to focus more on development and marketing things and don’t waste time on in-house infrastructure support headaches. We can be sure that Apphud provides precise event tracking, allowing us to make the right decisions. Oleg Ivanov CEO at Bright Mobile Apps Apphud has saved us a ton of time! Convenient charts allow tracking all crucial app metrics with ease. Also, there is a cool no-code solution to win-back canceled subscribers with embedded surveys inside! Worth mentioning, that we love to use a remarkable Apple Search Ads integration for installs attribution, this helps us to measure the app campaign's efficiency. Victor Sharov CEO/Founder at My Water With Apphud, we are always up-to-date with monetization metrics and have an informative in-app subscriptions funnel. We can experiment with prices and paywalls without having to make a release. Support is always in touch, helping to solve our tricky requests. Thank you for a great product we can trust! Alexandra Vorotnikova PO at Movavi Clips Supporting reliable and secure infrastructure is a big hassle. With Apphud, we got everything we needed just out-of-the-box! Crucial points for us were infrastructure stability, data accuracy, and close to 100% uptime. Another thing we love about Apphud is that the team is always up-to-date with actual Apple and Google updates and always hearing our feature requests. Just amazing! Denis Sevastiyanov CMO at Prequel Get app growth insights on our blog Best-performing paywall examples for subscription apps Mobile App Onboarding Use Cases and Best Practices LTV Prediction Use Cases for Subscription Apps You’re one step away from the new actionable insights Are you in? Book a demo Start for free Product Apphud for development Apphud for marketing Apphud for product Paywall screens (new!) Flows Integrations Pricing Services Apple Receipt Checker Apple’s Fiscal Calendar Paywalls Gallery Subscription App Revenue Calculator Resources Blog Documentation Careers Contact us About us Compare Apphud vs in-house Apphud vs RevenueCat Apphud vs Adapty Legal Terms Privacy Data Protection Links System status Facebook Twitter Crunchbase AngelList LinkedIn GitHub For investors Copyright © 2025