isolved Talent Acquisition: Applicant Tracking System & Hiring Software isolved Talent Acquisition, formerly ApplicantPro has a new look. Read the news! See a Demo Products Applicant Tracking System Recruitment Marketing Full-Service Hiring Job Boards Career Sites Assessments Background Checks Video Interviewing Payroll Company About Us Contact Us Careers Partner with isolved Talent Acquisition Our Partnership with Indeed Resources Blog Webinars Downloads & Tools Glossary Job Ad Templates Pricing Login See a Demo We Help Companies Hire Better In this competitive and chaotic employment environment, attracting and hiring the best people can be a challenge. isolved Talent Acquisition provides customizable solutions to meet your unique hiring needs. Full-Service Hiring Offload your hiring to the experts! We'll attract and screen applicants so you can focus on running your business. Send Me Applicants Recruitment Marketing Team up with us to supercharge your talent acquisition strategy and solve your applicant sourcing roadblocks. Attract Top Talent Applicant Tracking A one-stop shop for all of your hiring needs to help your organization efficiently attract, screen and hire top talent Streamline My Hiring A New Look. The Same Seamless Experience. ApplicantPro is now fully integrated with isolved as isolved Talent Acquisition. You’ll notice a new look and updated content, but everything you rely on remains the same. Our commitment to helping you attract, hire and retain top talent hasn’t changed, just the experience is now even better. Read the News Over 9,000 Companies Use isolved Talent Acquisition Trying to compare Applicant Tracking Systems? The best software will also dramatically increase your applicant flow, speed up your time to fill, reduce your workload and improve your quality of hire. Our buyer's checklist will help you weigh all of your options! Download the Buyer’s Checklist With isolved Talent Acquisition you can... Post your jobs and push to 4,000+ job boards. Generate more qualified applicants than ever before. Seriously, ever. Efficiently screen applicants to reduce turnover. Engage candidates with quick communication. Easily collaborate with your hiring managers. Hire and retain top talent in your industry. Generate an instant ROI without breaking a sweat. Breathe easy knowing you’ve made the best hire. “...In short, it’s one of the best tools I’ve used in my HR career.” Terri B. - Vice President See a Quick Demo We're excited to announce we are an Indeed Platinum Partner! Utilize the power of Indeed's products with unparalleled access to job seekers and a robust matching engine. ATS integrations help you seamlessly manage applicants and remove barriers between systems. Learn More From Cost Center to ROI Generator “It’s often true that you get what you pay for, but in the case of isolved Talent Acquisition , you get a great deal for a great price.” Gretchen M. Sr. HR Generalist “Our agency went from a turnover rate of between 65%-70% to 17%-32% , within 1 year of implementing isolved Talent Acquisition. Saving us over $100,000 a year per cost of hiring.” Elizabeth V. Operations/HR Manager See your pricing today. Get a Price Quote How we can help. Powerful Job Posting & Applicant Sourcing We’ll ensure your jobs are being seen by top talent to increase qualified applicant flow and decrease your time spent hiring. High Conversion Applications Our adjustable and unique two-step application increases your apply-rate and maximize your applicant flow. Fully Branded Careers Page Increase engagement with a customized branded career site that job seekers can explore on any device and easily apply. Convenient Communication Easily manage conversations with candidates through text and email to keep qualified applicants engaged. Automated Screening Save time by auto-filtering applicants with customizable screening questions. Candidate scoring prioritizes the best-fit applicants. Streamlined Scheduling Got a busy schedule? Minimize the back and forth between you and your applicants to avoid frustration, headaches, and no-shows. Product Integrations Streamline HR processes with fully Integrated background checks, assessments and onboarding. “One of our goals in HR is to be seen as advisors and facilitators, and isolved Talent Acquisition absolutely enables me to be the 'good guy' in the eyes of nearly every manager I work with. Our managers appreciate the responsiveness of getting jobs posted so quickly, and being more involved in the selection process. Now that we use isolved Talent Acquisition, our process has improved by being able to get a job 'live' within a matter of minutes - speed and ease. isolved Talent Acquisition is perfect for anyone who wants to maximize their efficiency in time and effort spent recruiting. ” Bradley Creer Recruiting Manager for New Age “The investment in isolved Talent Acquisition was one of the smartest decisions I think that I've made very early on in working here. It has just made the process for hiring so much easier and taken the guesswork out of it. isolved Talent Acquisition frees up so much time and is a tool that continues to evolve and get better every year and I just love that there's so many tools that I'm able to use for that candidate experience. ” Staci Heard Sr. Director of HR for Xyngular “Before isolved Talent Acquisition we were only getting applicants that knew to come directly to our website. With the job push feature in isolved Talent Acquisition we are attracting candidates from Indeed, CareerBuilder and other websites. ” Wendy Herzog HR Director for Thanksgiving Point No gimmicks. No pressure. Just solid advice, best practices and unmatched qualified applicant flow. 20 Years In Business 9,000+ Happy Clients 1.5+ Million Monthly Job Seekers Unlock your hiring potential. First
                    Name * Last Name * Work Email * Learn More Products Applicant Tracking System Recruitment Marketing Full-Service Hiring Background Checks Assessments Onboarding Video Interviewing Company About Us Contact Us Careers Blog Partner with isolved Talent Acquisition Customer Reviews Refer a Friend Getting Started Schedule a Demo Get Pricing Downloads & Tools Webinars Client Login I'm a Job Applicant 888.633.9269 ©1999-2026 isolved Talent Acquisition - All rights reserved. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy . Terms of Service apply. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Credits Login User: × I'm a Job Seeker I'm a Client User Close