Recruiting Software for Small Business | JazzHR Contact Sales: 8am-8pm (ET) (888) 885.5299 hello@jazzhr.com Support Log-in JazzHR Products Products Candidate Sourcing Applicant Tracking Software Recruiting Software Capabilities Candidate Experience White-Label Interviews & Assessments Offers & eSignatures Compliance & Reporting Check Out Our Product Guide See Product Guide Solutions Resources Learn Blog Hiring & Recruiting Resources Connect Events & Webinars 2025 Recruiter Nation Report Get the Report Company Company Why JazzHR Partner Integrations Careers Join our team! See a demo Pricing Trying to apply for a job? Click Here ! Recruitment Software for Straightforward Hiring Needs Set Up Today, Start Hiring Now When hiring cannot wait, JazzHR’s AI-powered recruitment platform gets the job done fast, easily, and without breaking the bank. Get a Demo Recognized by the Best in the Biz Applauded by analysts. Loved by customers. Trusted by teams everywhere. Praised by the People Who Matter Most “ I love the simplicity of JazzHR and the functionality, they make everything extremely user friendly, visually appealing and attractive, and overall great outcomes with the quality of candidates we pull in." – Sasha B. HR Recruiter “ I like JazzHR mainly because of how easy it is to use. It also allows for you to customize your recruiting workflows to automate many stages with the use of workflow helpers. You can automate communications at that point, which saves a lot of time!" – Cody H. People & Culture Business Partner “ I've used JazzHR at two small(ish) employers. It's made hiring as a small HR team a breeze. There's tons of adaptability for your unique hiring process and we've gotten up and running in a manner of days." – Shira W. Director, People Operations “ I can not say enough on how JazzHR has been instrumental in our growth." – Greg B Chief Talent Officer Ready to see how easy hiring can be? Stop juggling spreadsheets and experience the power of ready-made recruiting software designed for your busy schedule and budget. Get a Demo 2025 RECRUITER NATION REPORT Recruiting Realities: What’s Shaping TA Today 1,200+ talent leaders revealed what’s really happening in hiring. Get the insights and action plans you can move on now! Get the Report BEYOND AUTOMATION The True AI Revolution in Talent Acquisition Employ’s approach to building people-centric, always-auditable, everything-explainable AI for the future of talent acquisition. Get the Whitepaper ANALYST REPORT The Hackett Group® Recognizes JazzHR as a Top Performer The Hackett Group® recognizes JazzHR as a Top Performer in its 2025 Talent Acquisition Digital World Class® Matrix™ for delivering critical capabilities to the talent acquisition function, including Analytics, Implementation Services, Time to Hire, and  UI Quality / Experience. Get the Report 2025, Wrapped Relive the connections you built, the benchmarks you smashed, and the innovations you inspired throughout the year. Close JazzHR Recruiting Software FAQs: Everything You Need to Know What are the core JazzHR recruiting software features? JazzHR software offers a robust JazzHR applicant tracking system (JazzHR ATS) with key JazzHR recruiting software features that includes tools like automated resume parsing, customizable workflows, interview scheduling, candidate evaluations, and reporting. These features help HR teams manage job postings, track applicants, collaborate with hiring managers, and make data-driven recruiting decisions. How affordable is JazzHR compared to alternatives like Greenhouse or Team Tailor? JazzHR pricing is designed to be budget-friendly, especially for small to mid-sized businesses, while still offering essential features. While other platforms provide extraneous feature sets for more complex pricing, JazzHR provides a solid ATS with reporting, integrations, and recruiting tools at a lower cost. User reviews often highlight JazzHR as a strong value. What integrations does JazzHR support? JazzHR integrations are extensive: you can connect with payroll and HR systems (e.g. BambooHR, UKG, and more), employer branding integrations, sourcing platforms like LinkedIn Recruiter , productivity tools, background check services, and more. These integrations help streamline hiring workflows across the recruiting lifecycle. What do users say in JazzHR reviews? Across multiple sources—G2, Software Advice, OutSail—JazzHR reviews praise its intuitive interface, ease-of-use, and strong applicant tracking system functionality. Users like its simplicity in posting jobs, tracking candidates, and collaborating with hiring teams. Products Capabilities Applicant Tracking Software Candidate Experience Candidate Sourcing Collaborative Hiring Compliance & Reporting Employer Branding Interviews & Assessments Offers & eSignatures White-Label Explore Pricing Request A Demo Events & Webinars Blog Franchise Hiring Marketplace Compare & Choose JazzHR vs Greenhouse Top Recruiting Tools and Features for Small Businesses Best Hiring Platforms for Small Businesses Recruiting Metrics Guide Guide to Data Driven Recruitment Company Company Careers Customers JazzHR Blog Press Events Contact Us Support Hiring Resources Support Center Training Materials API & Developer Tools FAQs Connect with Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Security ©2025 Employ Inc. All rights reserved. Employ, JazzHR, Lever, and Jobvite are registered trademarks of Employ, Inc. Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice. By accessing and using this page, you agree to Terms and Conditions.