Apple
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
Entertainment
Accessories
Support
0
+
Apple Account
Sign In
Sign In
Create Your Apple Account
Create Your Apple Account
FAQ
FAQ
One account for everything Apple.

A single Apple Account and password gives you access to all Apple services.
Sign in to manage your account.

Sign In
You’re in control

Review or update important information like your name, password, and security details. See how others can reach you, check your payment information, and manage the devices connected to your account.

Private and secure

Privacy and security are built in. With account security features like two-factor authentication, Apple helps keep your account secure, protects your privacy, and keeps you in control of your information.

What is Apple Account?

An Apple Account is the personal account you use to access Apple services like the App Store, iCloud, Messages, the Apple Online Store, FaceTime, and more. It includes the information you use to sign in, as well as all the contact, payment, and security details that you’ll use across Apple services.

What is the difference between an Apple ID and an Apple Account?

With the releases of iOS 18, iPadOS 18, macOS Sequoia, and watchOS 11, Apple ID is renamed to Apple Account for a consistent sign-in experience across Apple services and devices, and relies on a user’s existing credentials.

When do I use my Apple Account?

Any time you set up a new device, make a purchase, or use any Apple service, you will be asked to sign in with your Apple Account email or phone number and password. Once signed in you’ll have access to the service and all the personal information in your account. Use the same Apple Account everywhere you sign in to ensure that all your Apple services and devices work together seamlessly and you can access your personal content from all your devices.

See All FAQ
Opens in a new window.
Apple Footer
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
United States
Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map