Swish Home Features Case Studies Pricing Docs Book a demo Menu Close Install now Book a demo The Wishlist solution for brands with ambition Trusted by some of the biggest names in eComm Fast, free and seamless setup. With our entirely free white glove onboarding service, we take care of everything in order to perfectly match the wishlist to your stores look and feel. 7k+ Stores 350+ 5 Star reviews 35m+ Items wishlisted Save throughout the customer journey 01 Product page Empower customers to build the perfect wishlist by instantly saving their preferred variant with a single click. BUY NOW ADD TO WISHLIST 02 Collection page Customers can easily add multiple items of interest to their Wishlist as they browse, without interrupting their shopping flow. 03 Save for later Transform abandoned purchases into future opportunities. Seamlessly move items from the Cart to the Wishlist with a single tap. Product page Empower customers to build the perfect wishlist by instantly saving their preferred variant with a single click. BUY NOW ADD TO WISHLIST Save for later Transform abandoned purchases into future opportunities. Seamlessly move items from the Cart to the Wishlist with a single tap. Wishlist page Customers can instantly add items to their wishlist with a single click, eliminating the need to navigate back and forth between product pages. This streamlines the shopping experience and makes it easier to compare multiple items of interest. Insightful analytics Utilise detailed analytics to gain deep insights into product demand and customer behaviour Dive deeper into customer behaviour Track Wishlist sessions and interactions to understand feature uptake and usage trends. Easily monitor total wishlist and saved item growth from one central place. Leverage data to capture more leads The Wishlist is the most compelling reason for your customers to sign in while shopping. Capture more leads and enrich your customer data while delivering a personalised shopping experience. Book a demo Saved item Login nudge Account created Welcome flow Wishist reminder Purchase Drive revenue with personalised alerts Delight customers and drive revenue with personalised Wishlist notifications for item availability, price changes and promotions Item Saved Account Created via Wishlist Wishlist Reminder Email Low In Stock Alert Item Purchased The Wishlist solution for brands with ambition Install now Book a demo Home Features Case studies Pricing Book a demo Contact Privacy policy Terms of service Company ⓒ Swish 2025