Index
Action
Adventure
Boy
Girl
Leisure
Puzzle
Shooting
Sport
Strategy
Future Warrior
Future Warrior on the FC Red and White Machine is one of TECMO's action masterpieces, depicting the peaceful days of the Holy City of ARGUS. However, one day, the Demon King Beast God led demons to invade and occupy it. As an ARGUS warrior, you are entrusted by everyone. Can you fulfill everyone's wishes, defeat the Beast God, and restore peace to the past?
Soul Douluo (American version)
Contra is a series of scrolling shooter single player games released by Konami in 1987. The story is based on the famous horror film "Alien", and the character prototype is derived from the famous movie stars Schwarzenegger and Stallone. The first Contra was born in 1987 on an arcade called Jamma. The meaning of the game name is "a person with excellent combat abilities and qualities", which is a title given to the strongest warrior. The two Contras on FC have influenced a whole generation of gamers, and at that time, they were on par with Super Mario, almost becoming synonymous with electronic games in the FC era. In addition, KONAMI also launched a ported version of the large game console with the same name on the Japanese computer MSX2 in 1989. The meaning of "Soul Douluo" is "a person with excellent combat abilities and qualities", which is a title given to the strongest warrior. Contra has become a classic, and many shooting games have become Contra games. The impact of Contra on action shooting games is immeasurable. So much so that the well-known action shooting masterpiece "Metal Bullet" was deeply influenced in design by "Contra" from that year, especially "Contra: Alien War" on SNVCS. The same level of popularity and familiar levels of the two games show that Contra led a new gaming revolution for shooting games.
Journey to the West
FC version of Journey to the West is an ARPG game designed by Japanese people using some character materials from the ancient Chinese mythological novel Journey to the West, which leans towards ACT type games. Although the plot and art style are seriously not in line with Chinese players' minds, if you ignore the plot and play it purely as a game, you will find its shining points. However, the flashpoints are not so easy to discover because the game is difficult and the enemy's attack style is somewhat rogue. A slight mistake can lead to the protagonist's infinite attack and death. At the same time, in the FC era, other games that combined with Journey to the West, such as Contra and Fantastic Billiards, were simply easy to learn. Therefore, the flashpoints of Journey to the West are not only difficult to discover, but may also be considered a very bad game. Of course, the actual situation is not so pessimistic. Even if gold is placed, it will shine. During my observation in the game hall, I found that there are always people who play popular FC games such as Contra, Super Mario, Ninja Turtle, and Water Contra instead of playing them. They specialize in playing the FC version of Journey to the West. There are probably many people who don't understand Japanese and the plot, just like me a few years ago, who would mistake the Bodhisattva like person who was finally rescued for Guanyin Sister. In fact, that is Tang Sanzang. The plot of the game is very simple. Sanzang and ten monks are kidnapped by the Bull Demon King. With the guidance and help of the Buddha, Wukong defeats many demons and monsters along the way, rescuing ten monks. Finally, he defeats the Bull Demon King at the Banana Cave and saves Sanzang.
Red Shadow Warrior (Chinese version)
NATSUME has launched a clear version clearance game in the era of red and white consoles. Due to the popularity of the "Contra" series at that time, piracy companies named this game "Water Contra" to stimulate sales. Kage's gameplay is straightforward, and although the protagonist cannot jump back and forth on the wall, he can use a hook to directly flip up the ceiling - this setting was later borrowed. The game not only has cool music, but also excellent sound effects, especially the 'HA!' emitted during each attack The sound (through digital sampling) makes people very wet. The newly added doubles mode gives you the pleasure of collaborating with friends. This version has sinicized the text on the screen.
Da Kong 3
A famous action game co starring Mario and King Kong. The background and music settings have a tropical jungle atmosphere.
Balloon Warrior (Balloon Battle)
A famous action game ported from arcade games. The character controlled by the player must break through the enemy's balloon to achieve victory.
The Bird of Fire
This game is adapted from the classic animated film of the same name, "Bird of Fire". This game is divided into three parts: Yamato, afterlife, and Taikoo. Each section has many small levels, and each time you pass, you will receive a fragment of the Firebird carving. Completing all 16 levels can complete this carving. In the game, the protagonist will launch a brick that can be used for attacks or used as a stepping block on the ground. Borrowing the brick can help the protagonist jump higher and overcome obstacles.
Male cat saves female cat
Go play now
Great Diamond
A famous action game co starring Mario and King Kong. The background and music settings have a tropical jungle atmosphere.
Da Kong 2
A famous action game co starring Mario and King Kong. The background and music settings have a tropical jungle atmosphere.
Demolition workers/demolition teams
Your task is to destroy the house, and enemies will also appear during this process. At the same time, pay attention to the path of progress.
Bini rabbit
Go play now
Journey to the West (Invincible Edition)
I haven't even cleared customs when I was a child, have I? Let's give this invincible version a try, to overcome the regret of passing the level in an hour.
Blue Navy
Go play now
Tank Battle
The Battle of 90 Tanks is a classic, it's a childhood memory for many people, and now it's time to revisit childhood.
Q-version Saruman snake
The Q-version of the Parodius game has a total of 7 levels, and there will be 4 planes for you to choose from at the beginning. It is recommended to use Octopus planes, which have a wide range of gameplay. After selection, there will be two options: the one on the left is to automatically enhance firepower, and the one on the right is to manually enhance firepower. There will be a bell in the game. Yellow will add 500 points, blue will eliminate enemies in full screen, red will show a laser beam to help you block bullets and eliminate enemies, white will add 1up, and color will make the body bigger. The small body you bring will disappear and become invincible for a period of time. The overall gaming experience is not difficult, the difficulty lies only in the small bosses in each level and some routes that are prone to death at the slightest touch.
Airwolf
Go play now
1943
Go play now
Flame Super Edition
Go play now
helicopter
Go play now
点击加载更多
Game
Privacy policy
Terms of Use
About
Copyright 2019 - 2024 playfashion.org