Mobile App Protection | Mobile API Security | Zero Trust Skip to content Approov Partners with Cloudflare Why Approov Show submenu for Why Approov RASP App Attestation Runtime Secrets Protection Real Time Threat Intelligence API Security Dynamic Certificate Pinning App Shielding Key Threats Show submenu for Key Threats Key Threats Threats Detected Threats by Category Android Threats by Category iOS Threats by Category Pricing Industries Show submenu for Industries Mobile Finance Mobile Health Automotive Retail & eCommerce Mobile Gaming & Gambling Government Testimonials Resources Show submenu for Resources Blogs Videos & Whitepapers Quickstarts Cert Pinning Generator Partners & Integrations Developer Docs Knowledge Base Podcasts Why Approov Show submenu for Why Approov RASP App Attestation Runtime Secrets Protection Real Time Threat Intelligence API Security Dynamic Certificate Pinning App Shielding Key Threats Show submenu for Key Threats Key Threats Threats Detected Threats by Category Android Threats by Category iOS Threats by Category Pricing Industries Show submenu for Industries Mobile Finance Mobile Health Automotive Retail & eCommerce Mobile Gaming & Gambling Government Testimonials Resources Show submenu for Resources Blogs Videos & Whitepapers Quickstarts Cert Pinning Generator Partners & Integrations Developer Docs Knowledge Base Podcasts Request Demo Zero Trust for Mobile Apps Cross Platform Mobile Attestation for Android, HarmonyOS and iOS View Real-Time Threats Regain Control of Your Mobile App Security Only Approov provides dynamic Runtime Application Self Protection (RASP) that verifies trust and mitigates evolving threats. Go beyond traditional passive static approaches. Approov continuously secures the device, the app, the APIs and the channel it uses all the way to the Cloud! Know your app is safe, always Approov provides real-time threat analytics that give you visibility into the security of your mobile apps. This means that you can see how your apps are being attacked, and you can take action to protect against future attacks by understanding the threat environment. Keys in-the-Cloud Approov secures your app's secrets and API keys in-the-cloud , where they can be easily managed and rotated as required. Secrets are only delivered just-in-time to your fully attested apps at runtime. The Easy Way to Secure Your Mobile Apps Approov is easy-to-use and can be integrated with CI/CD pipelines. Approov provides the only comprehensive attestation solution for mobile apps and their APIs—unified across iOS, Android and HarmonyOS. Who Protects with Approov? BMW Balancing Top-Class Security With Top-Class Customer Experience In Car Sharing. LEARN HOW SIXT We looked for a solution to authenticate API requests were coming from our mobile apps, and that’s when we came across Approov. LEARN HOW Defend Your Five Mobile Attack Surfaces Approov provides the only comprehensive run-time security solution for mobile apps and their APIs, unified across Android, iOS, and HarmonyOS. App Integrity Attest your apps to ensure only truly authentic apps are authorized to make API calls. Device Integrity Adopt comprehensive fine-grained device integrity checks enforced outside of the untrusted device environment. Channel Integrity Employ securely certificate-pinned TLS with dynamic pin update. Credential Integrity Require frequent app authentication for strong trusted user and API authorization. Service Integrity Shield your APIs from exploitation of vulnerabilities by using over-the-air updates for instant reaction to new threat intelligence. Download our Threat Labs Mobile App Security Report How Approov Protects Your Revenue Only your own mobile apps — running in safe environments and communicating over secured connections — can use your APIs and backend resources. Botnets, malicious scripts, tampered and fake apps are blocked. Identify Your mobile app automatically connects to our cloud service for "identification." Verify The "DNA" of the app and characteristics of the runtime environment "verify" that the app is genuine, security requirements are met, and communication is secure. Certify Either a short-lived token or run time secrets are provided to verified apps. The app uses this to "certify" its access to protected API services. Where Complete App & API Security is Required Mobile Finance Mobile has transformed how consumers do banking and make financial transactions. From mobile banking to investment and crypto apps, Approov protects your apps with minimal impact to development and no impact on customer experience. Learn More >> Mobile Health Healthcare providers, digital health startups, and medical systems increasingly rely on mobile apps to deliver care, manage patient records, and streamline communication. Approov protects healthcare data in mobile health apps and healthcare APIs Learn More >> Automotive Mobile apps power connected cars with remote access, diagnostics, and in-car payments— but they’re vulnerable to API abuse and data breaches. Approov secures these apps and APIs against fraud and unauthorized access. Learn More >> Retail and eCommerce Customers expect a fast and safe mobile shopping experience. Approov mobile security safeguards retail and ecommerce apps and APIS from fraud, bots, and API abuse and protects your brand, customer data, and revenue. Learn More >> Mobile Gaming and Gambling Mobile game developers and studios must stay ahead of mobile cheaters, hacks, and player emulator platforms. Approov protects your games with minimal impact to game development and no impact on game performance. Learn More >> Government Government apps must meet the rigorous security and compliance requirements. From digital identification and secure messaging to benefits management, tax filing and healthcare, Approov helps safeguard the government mobile ecosystem from cyber threats. Learn More >> Request a Demo Give us 30 minutes and our security experts will show you how to protect your revenue and business data by deploying Approov to secure your mobile apps. Request a Demo Get a Trial Approov offers a complimentary 30 day trial (no credit card necessary) to give you immediate and valuable insight into the security risks of your mobile apps and the devices they run on. Get a Trial US Headquarters 165 University Avenue Suite 200 Palo Alto, CA 94301 USA P: +1 (650) 322-5300 UK Headquarters Scotiabank House 6 South Charlotte Street Edinburgh, EH2 4AW United Kingdom P: +44 0131 655 1500 Contact Company News Events Blog Careers Support Patents Site Map Product Threats Free Trial Pricing Payment Portal Industries Mobile Finance Mobile Health Automotive Retail & eCommerce Mobile Gaming & Gambling Government Resources Videos & Whitepapers Quickstarts Cert Pinning Generator Partners & Integrations Knowledge Base Developer Docs Podcasts Approov Limited  © 2025 Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Cookie Policy