Skip to main content
	
Search type
Web People Advanced search
Current Students
Parents & Family
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
A-Z
AsULearn
AppalNet
Library
Employment
Maps
Give
Why Choose App?
Visit
Admissions
Academics
Campus Life
About
Attend App State in Hickory
Learn More
Reflections on 2025 at App State

App State’s 126th year was marked by new leadership under Chancellor Heather Norris, record enrollment, upgrades to campus infrastructure, advances in research and innovation, a continued focus on regional resilience, campus and community arts engagement, and student-athlete success. Revisit App State's defining moments of 2025.

Apply

	

Visit Us

	

Connect

	

Find a Program

News
App State earns R2 designation for high research activity and doctorate production

App State has earned a Research 2 designation through the Carnegie Classification system for high research activity and doctorate production. App State’s research expenditures in fiscal year 2023 were more than $8.4 million and, in 2022–23, the university awarded 20 doctoral degrees.

High-quality academics, innovation and value secure App State’s spot among America’s top schools for 2025–26

Six national publications — including U.S. News & World Report, The Princeton Review and Forbes magazine — have recognized App State among the best schools in the nation, and the Southeast, for 2025–26. The publications lauded the university for its academics, innovation and value, among other aspects.

UNC System Board of Governors approves App State's new Doctor of Nursing Practice hybrid program

In fall 2026, App State will launch a new Doctor of Nursing Practice program, designed to educate family practice nurse practitioners and respond to health care provider shortages, especially in rural areas. The program has been approved by the UNC System Board of Governors.

Dr. Heather Hulburt Norris named chancellor of Appalachian State University

On Feb. 27, 2025, the UNC Board of Governors elected Dr. Heather Hulburt Norris as the next leader of Appalachian State University. Norris has served as interim chancellor since April 2024. Her career has been characterized by her strong, collaborative leadership and service to both App State and the greater community, and she brings more than two decades of academic leadership, vision and expertise to her role as chancellor.

More news and features >>>

Podcasts >>>

Mountaineer Athletics >>>

App State Reflects: One Year After Helene

When Hurricane Helene damaged and disrupted Western North Carolina in Sept. 2024, it also revealed the incredible strength of our communities. Learn more about App State's role in the ongoing recovery, and discover how our community is building back stronger, together.

Find your sustainability

Sustainability and resilience are guiding principles at App State and institutionally interwoven into our strategic plan, academic mission, engagement locally and globally and day-to-day best practices. We are recognized as a national leader for our endeavors.

What's in App State's future?

We're enhancing the App State Experience with a stronger physical infrastructure and five-year goals that further empower human potential. Get the full picture by visiting the App State's Future website, which details our growth and change.

App State's School of Graduate Studies

Join a diverse and dynamic community that elevates your dreams and champions your capacity for real impact with life-changing opportunities for research and exploration.

Events
Jan
28
Internship Expo
January 28, 2026
11:00 am - 2:00 pm

Are you looking to gain experience through an internship? Come to the Internship Expo and meet large, small, non-profit, for-profit, government, local, statewide, and national organizations seeking interns. All majors and all class years are welcome.

Feb
11
Outdoor Jobs Fair
February 11, 2026
11:00 am - 2:00 pm

We invite students of all majors who thrive in outdoor activity to meet with employers who are looking to turn their passions into a profession. The annual Outdoor Jobs Fair will host top camps, conference centers, and resorts from throughout the US who are eager to make a connection and recruit for their organizations. This is a great opportunity to secure both summer and year-round employment. Internships are also available, and all majors are encouraged to attend.

Feb
13
Blood Drive for Faculty and Staff
February 13, 2026

Blood drives are sponsored quarterly by the American Red Cross. Faculty, staff, retirees, and family members can now complete their pre-reading and health history questions online by visiting redbrossblood.org on the day of their donor appointment to help reduce the time they spend at the driveby up to 15 minutes. Appointments are highly suggested. Walk-ins are welcomed but will be taken after donors with appointments.

Feb
14
Margo Price
February 14, 2026
7:30 pm

For nearly a decade, Margo Price has created a lane where independent-minded, insurgent country music can exist and thrive alongside the mainstream. Now she’s back with an exquisite, timeless album that reconnects with her roots. At its core, Hard Headed Woman is about that furious instinct to never waver — especially when our values and future are so clearly on the line. It’s country music as only Price can make it: free of rules, cherishing tradition, hard headed but with a delicate beating heart.

Feb
20
Ailey II: The Next Generation of Dance
February 20, 2026
7:30 pm

For over 50 years, Ailey II – The Next Generation of Dance – has merged the spirit and energy of the country’s finest early-career dance talent with the passion and creative vision of today’s most outstanding and emerging choreographers. Founded by Alvin Ailey in 1974, this universally renowned company embodies his pioneering mission to establish an extended cultural community that provides dance performances, training, and community programs for all people.

Feb
26
Kira Rockwell
February 26, 2026
7:00 pm

Kira Rockwell is an Atlanta-based playwright and educator, originally from the heart of Texas. She is an Artist Fellow in Dramatic Writing with the Mass Cultural Council, a recipient of the Judith Royer Excellence in Playwriting Award, second-place recipient of the Paula Vogel Playwriting Award from the Kennedy Center, three-time finalist for the O’Neill NPC, runner-up for the Princess Grace Award, and more.

Mar
3
Construction, Design & Sustainable Technology Fair
March 3, 2026
12:00 pm - 3:00 pm

The Construction, Design, and Sustainable Technology Career Fair is a targeted event specifically created to connect employers and students in this popular discipline. Serving students and alumni in the STBE department, the event is host to many organizations across the construction, design and sustainable technology industry that are ready to network with students and introduce them to valuable internship and job opportunities, while also creating a pipeline of potential future interns and new hires.

Mar
4
Internship and Job Fair
March 4, 2026
12:00 pm - 3:00 pm

The Internship and Job Fair is our largest and most comprehensive career event. Serving students and alumni of all majors and skills, the event is host to many organizations across all industry sectors that are ready to network with students and introduce them to hundreds of valuable internship and job opportunities.

Mar
5
Walker Spring Connect Career Fair
March 5, 2026
1:00 pm - 4:00 pm

Walker Spring Connect is the signature, spring recruitment event for the Walker College of Business. This is event is hosted by Business Career Services and the Brantley Risk and Insurance Center. Companies will be hiring for part-time & full-time roles as well as internships. This is a great networking opportunity for students, even those who are not looking for a role at this time.

Mar
18
Banff Centre Mountain Film Festival World Tour: Student Edition
March 18, 2026
10:00 am

The Banff Centre Mountain Film Festival World Tour’s student screening returns this season. An exciting mix of films selected for this screening will highlight a variety of themes, from adrenaline-pumping adventure to thought-provoking environmental issues facing the world today. These films will capture the essence of mountain life and culture across the globe. Presented in partnership with University Recreation.

Mar
18
Tim Earley: Craft Talk
March 18, 2026
3:30 pm

Tim Earley is the author of five collections of poems, including “Poems Descriptive of Rural Life and Scenery” (Horse Less Press, 2014), winner of the Mississippi Institute of Arts and Letters Award, and “Linthead Stomp” (Horse Less Press, 2016). He lives in Asheville, North Carolina, and teaches online courses in creative writing, Appalachian literature, British literature, and fantasy literature for the University of Mississippi.

Apr
15
to
19
Once Upon a Mattress
April 15 - 19, 2026

Many moons ago in a far-off place, Queen Aggravain decreed no couples could marry until her son, Prince Dauntless, found a bride. Princesses came from far and wide to win the hand of the prince, but none could pass the impossible tests given to them by the Queen. That is, until the “shy” swamp princess, Winnifred the Woebegone, showed up. Would she be able to pass the Sensitivity Test, marry her prince and help Lady Larken and Sir Harry to the altar? Music by Mary Rodgers, lyrics by Marshall Barer, book by Jay Thompson, Dean Fuller, and Marshall Barer

University Events >>>

Mountaineer Athletics >>>

Academic Calendar >>>

Appalachian Cares

Appalachian Cares is a place to find resources and support available for our students faculty and staff regarding student health and safety.

App State at Hickory
Accessibility
Campus Store
Contact Us
Emergency
Employment
Equal Opportunity Policy
Maps
Pay Bills
Policy Manual
Title IX
Connect
   

Connect with Appalachian's social media accounts from university programs, departments and administrative units.

287 Rivers St., Boone, NC 28608 | 828-262-2000 | Copyright 2025 Appalachian State University. All rights reserved.

Disclaimer | Privacy | Website manager: waterworthae (wycoffdn) | Website feedback