Workplace Communication & Management Software | Appspace Skip to content Appspace acquires Igloo Software, a leading modern intranet provider. Read the press release Appspace acquires Igloo Software, a leading modern intranet provider Read the press release NOW AVAILABLE Appspace Digital Signage in Zoom Rooms Learn more Platform Employee Comms Employee intranet Employee mobile app Digital Signage Video walls Kiosks Space Reservation Room booking Desk reservation Visitor Management Wayfinding Platform overview Appspace AI Content creation & publishing Integrations Reporting & analytics Security Solutions By need Frontline workers Hybrid workplace Smart workplace Culture & engagement Asynchronous communications By team Communications teams Workplace teams Facilities teams IT teams By industry Financial services Healthcare Industrial & manufacturing Retail Education Resources Customer stories Blog Guides & more Events & webinars In the news CUSTOMER RESOURCES Marketplace Services Appspace Community Knowledge Center Support Partners Our Partners Hardware & software partners Resellers & alliance partners Appspace for Microsoft Appspace for Google Partner portal Become a partner X Workplace Communications Workplace Management Intranet Employee Communications Digital Signage Software Content & Publishing Space Reservation Visitor Management Wayfinding Solutions For Communication Teams For Workplace Teams For Frontline Workers For Hybrid Teams IT Recession-Proof Better Office Experience Appspace for Microsoft Appspace for Google Appspace AI Customer Appspace Community Knowledge Center Support Product Roadmap Pricing Resources Blog Guides & More Events & Webinars Customer Stories About Us Press Partners Knowledge Center Try For Free Sign in Contact Us X Pricing Sign in Try for free Contact us NOW EVERYONE’S IN THE KNOW™ The workplace experience platform that keeps everyone in the know Get a demo Tour Appspace NOW EVERYONE’S IN THE KNOW™ NOW EVERYONE’S IN THE KNOW™ The workplace experience platform that keeps everyone in the know Get a demo Tour Appspace Connect the dots in your workplace Appspace gives organizations a new way to manage the workplace experience. With the #1 platform for everything from employee comms to space reservation and digital signage, you can finally keep everyone in the know – wherever they’re working. Employee Intranet Bring your teams together with a personalized information hub that improves collaboration, knowledge management, and company culture. Learn more Digital Signage Keep every employee in the know. Publish company news, updates, and announcements across all your digital displays with just a click. Learn more Space Reservation Help hybrid teams get more done on in-office days. Provide simple tools for hot desking, room booking, and more – plus insights to see what’s working. Learn more Visitor Management Wow your guests with a welcoming visitor experience. Manage secure guest registration, contactless check-in, and host notifications, all while tracking compliance. Learn more Bring an end to the missed memo Everybody’s trying to figure out how to make the workplace work in a rapidly changing world. Whether it’s executing a return to office, keeping frontline teams informed, or creating a sense of belonging among distributed workers, there’s too much to manage – and it’s too easy for key information to slip through the cracks. But, what if you could… Bring it all together Get a single platform for your intranet, mobile
app, digital displays, room booking, visitor
management, and more. Make it all easier Get helpful insights for admins and a consumer-like experience for users at
home, in the office, and on the go. Push it all further Get a platform that’s constantly innovating and that integrates with all your channels to reach every worker. With Appspace, we've advanced our employee communications strategy to continue strengthening our workplace culture. Employee Development and Communications Director, Costco Wholesale Read customer stories Keeping everyone in the know means no more disjointed tools Imagine workspace management software plus a workplace communication platform rolled into one. Learn how your teams can use Appspace to stay informed and connected. Check out pricing › Edit Content Internal communications teams Think of Appspace as your central hub for keeping everyone connected and in the loop. It makes employee communication much easier across the whole organization. Create your content anywhere (like SharePoint for example) and publish it to multiple channels (like your mobile app or digital signage) so no one misses out. Personalize the experience with newsfeeds that show relevant company updates to each employee. Use AI tools to speed up content creation and save time. See what’s working with built-in analytics to track engagement and measure impact. Edit Content HR teams Strengthen your company culture and create a better experience for everyone. It’s a great way to cut down on time spent searching for information and boost engagement right from the start. Deliver HR communications to specific groups across the organization, making sure the right people get the right info. Simplify onboarding with dedicated communities for new hires. Give everyone a place to share information and be heard, building a more open and transparent environment. Edit Content IT teams Point solutions that are challenging to integrate with other systems are the bane of IT teams . Appspace lets you integrate your existing tech stack, simplify managing your workplace tools, and give your teams a tech experience that just works better. Integrate with your current systems like Microsoft 365, Slack, and Google to speed up workflows and avoid information silos. Simplify management of your workplace tools, saving time and resources and reducing IT support burden. Provide a friction-free tech experience that’s secure and reliable and keeps everyone productive. Edit Content Facilities teams Keep things running smoothly. With Appspace, you can easily manage space reservations, see how your office spaces are used, and use that data to make your work environments more productive. Manage room and desk bookings with ease, optimizing space usage, and adhere to capacity limits. Get insights into how spaces are being used to make data-backed decisions on space planning and resource allocation. Create more productive and efficient work environments based on real-time data, while making sure you’re complying with health and safety policies. Edit Content Frontline workers Give your frontline team quick access to important company news and workplace safety information. With Appspace, it’s all available on their mobile devices. Provide direct access to critical updates and essential resources on mobile devices. Get your message out on factory floors or warehouses on digital signage. Access content templates covering workplace safety, performance, and corporate culture. Edit Content Remote and hybrid workers Keep your remote and hybrid teams connected. Appspace is a central platform for communication, sharing resources, and keeping everyone engaged, no matter where they’re working. Provide direct access to critical updates and essential resources on mobile devices. Get your message out on factory floors or warehouses on digital signage. Access content templates covering workplace safety, performance, and corporate culture. Internal communications teams Think of Appspace as your central hub for keeping everyone connected and in the loop. It makes employee communication much easier across the whole organization. Create your content anywhere (like SharePoint for example) and publish it to multiple channels (like your mobile app or digital signage) so no one misses out. Personalize the experience with newsfeeds that show relevant company updates to each employee. Use AI tools to speed up content creation and save time. See what’s working with built-in analytics to track engagement and measure impact. HR teams Strengthen your company culture and create a better experience for everyone. It’s a great way to cut down on time spent searching for information and boost engagement right from the start. Deliver HR communications to specific groups across the organization, making sure the right people get the right info. Simplify onboarding with dedicated communities for new hires. Give everyone a place to share information and be heard, building a more open and transparent environment. IT teams Point solutions that are challenging to integrate with other systems are the bane of IT teams . Appspace lets you integrate your existing tech stack, simplify managing your workplace tools, and give your teams a tech experience that just works better. Integrate with your current systems like Microsoft 365, Slack, and Google to speed up workflows and avoid information silos. Simplify management of your workplace tools, saving time and resources and reducing IT support burden. Provide a friction-free tech experience that’s secure and reliable and keeps everyone productive. Facilities teams Keep things running smoothly. With Appspace, you can easily manage space reservations, see how your office spaces are used, and use that data to make your work environments more productive. Manage room and desk bookings with ease, optimizing space usage, and adhere to capacity limits. Get insights into how spaces are being used to make data-backed decisions on space planning and resource allocation. Create more productive and efficient work environments based on real-time data, while making sure you’re complying with health and safety policies. Frontline workers Give your frontline team quick access to important company news and workplace safety information. With Appspace, it’s all available on their mobile devices. Provide direct access to critical updates and essential resources on mobile devices. Get your message out on factory floors or warehouses on digital signage. Access content templates covering workplace safety, performance, and corporate culture. Remote and hybrid workers Keep your remote and hybrid teams connected. Appspace is a central platform for communication, sharing resources, and keeping everyone engaged, no matter where they’re working. Share messages across channels to reach all types of workers, from the office to the frontline. Make it easy for hybrid workers to book rooms and desks when they come into the office. Create a sense of community, with online spaces to connect and collaborate. INTEGRATIONS Get more from your technology investments Appspace plugs into your favorite apps, collaboration tools, and workplace hardware for an experience that means less app jumping and more value from your tech stack. See all integrations › INTEGRATIONS Get more from your technology investments Appspace plugs into your favorite apps, collaboration tools, and workplace hardware for an experience that means less app jumping and more value from your tech stack. See all integrations › APPSPACE INTELLIGENCE AI that’s built right in for a smarter workplace We’ve built AI into the core of our platform in three main ways: Generative: Create stunning visuals, tweak your internal comms to fit a specific style or tone – and even get AI to summarize and narrate company messages. Conversational: Make Appspace your personal assistant by using AI to book rooms, find people or content, and get answers. Insights: Get real-time data that tells you how your team feels and how your workplace is used. Then use those insights to inform your comms and facilities strategies. Learn about Appspace Intelligence APPSPACE INTELLIGENCE AI that’s built right in for a smarter workplace We’ve built AI into the core of our platform in three main ways: Generative: Create stunning visuals, tweak your internal comms to fit a specific style or tone – and even get AI to summarize and narrate company messages. Conversational: Make Appspace your personal assistant by using AI to book rooms, find people or content, and get answers. Insights: Get real-time data that tells you how your team feels and how your workplace is used. Then use those insights to inform your comms and facilities strategies. Learn about Appspace Intelligence said their organization delivers inconsistent messaging across communication channels. 0 % are completely satisfied with their company’s workplace  tools and technologies. 0 % expressed challenges in connecting and collaborating with colleagues. 0 % REPORT 2025 Workplace experience trends & insights Don’t get left behind. Our 2025 report reveals critical gaps in employee experience. Learn how to innovate and thrive. Get the report Employees deserve an excellent workplace experience. What can organizations fo to support them? REPORT 2025 Workplace experience trends & insights Don’t get left behind. Our 2025 report reveals critical gaps in employee experience. Learn how to innovate and thrive. Get the report Ready to get started? Whether you’re curious about one capability or want to see how it all works together, we’re here to help. Employee Intranet Digital Signage Space  Reservation Visitor Management Get a demo G2's #1 Best Office Management Software Award winner. PLATFORM Employee Communications Digital Signage Space Reservation Visitor Management Intranet Content & Publishing Wayfinding COMPANY About Leadership Services Partners Careers Press GET THE APP HELPFUL LINKS Get Support Manage an Account Cloud Status Legal Privacy Policy Contact Linkedin Facebook Youtube Get email alerts © 2025 Appspace Inc. Appspace is a registered trademark of Appspace Inc. All rights reserved.