Trusted Technology Investment Decisions | Apptio Skip to content Contact Us Search Support Login Americas Europe & Middle East Asia-Pacific Login Americas Europe & Middle East Asia-Pacific Solutions IT Financial Management Cloud Financial Management Strategic Portfolio Management Financial Intelligence Public Sector IT View All Solutions Products IBM Apptio IBM Cloudability Cloudability Cloudability Savings Automation Cloudability MSP IBM Kubecost IBM Targetprocess View All Products Resources Explore Case Studies Resource Center Blog Kubernetes Guides Shows & Podcasts Customer Success Support Education Services Professional Services Connect Community Apptio User Groups Events & Webinars View Resources Overview Company Culture & Careers Leadership Technology Business Management Trust Partners News Locations View Company Overview Request a Demo Search Support Login Americas Europe & Middle East Asia-Pacific Solutions IT Financial Management Cloud Financial Management Strategic Portfolio Management Financial Intelligence Public Sector IT View All Solutions Products IBM Apptio IBM Cloudability Cloudability Cloudability Savings Automation Cloudability MSP IBM Kubecost IBM Targetprocess View All Products Resources Explore Case Studies Resource Center Blog Kubernetes Guides Shows & Podcasts Customer Success Support Education Services Professional Services Connect Community Apptio User Groups Events & Webinars View Resources Overview Company Culture & Careers Leadership Technology Business Management Trust Partners News Locations View Company Overview Request a Demo Search Support Login Americas Europe & Middle East Asia-Pacific Solutions IT Financial Management AI TCO & Usage Mainframe TCO Cost Transparency Hybrid IT TCO IT Planning Showback & Chargeback Cloud Financial Management FinOps for AI Cloud Cost  Management & Optimization Cloud Total Cost of Ownership Strategic Portfolio Management Strategic Planning Portfolio Budgeting Resource Management Program Management AI-Accelerated Financial Intelligence AI Investment Management AI-Powered Apptio Best Practice Frameworks Technology Business Management (TBM) FinOps Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Public Sector IT View All Solutions > Products IBM Apptio Take control of your IT investments with market-leading ITFM solutions Explore Apptio IBM Cloudability Track, analyze, and optimize your cloud spend. Explore Cloudability Cloudability Savings Automation Cloudability MSP IBM Kubecost Get the Kubernetes visibility you need Explore Kubecost IBM Targetprocess Align strategy, optimize investments, and deliver outcomes Explore Targetprocess The Financial Intelligence Layer Financial Intelligence turns islands of data into insights with AI-Powered Apptio and AI Investment Management ​ View All Products > Resources Explore Case Studies Resource Center Blog Kubernetes Guides Shows & Podcasts Customer Success Support Education Services Professional Services Connect Community User Groups Events & Webinars Analyst Report 2025 Gartner ® Magic Quadrant™ for Cloud Financial Management Tools IBM was positioned furthest in Vision and highest in Execution for IBM Cloudability on the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Cloud Financial Management Tools. Read the Report Report Guiding Technology Investments: Insights for Business Leaders Insights from over 1,000 senior technology decision makers provide a strategic framework for maximizing the ROI of tech investments. Get the Report View Resources Overview > Company Culture & Careers Leadership Technology Business Management Trust Partners News Locations Join the Apptio Team > Join the more than 1,000 Apptians across the globe. Regardless of your specialty or location, we’ve got an opportunity for you. View Company Overview > Solutions IT Financial Management Cloud Financial Management Strategic Portfolio Management Financial Intelligence Public Sector IT View All Solutions Products IBM Apptio IBM Cloudability Cloudability Cloudability Savings Automation Cloudability MSP IBM Kubecost IBM Targetprocess View All Products Resources Explore Case Studies Resource Center Blog Kubernetes Guides Shows & Podcasts Customer Success Support Education Services Professional Services Connect Community Apptio User Groups Events & Webinars View Resources Overview Company Culture & Careers Leadership Technology Business Management Trust Partners News Locations View Company Overview Request a Demo Search Support Login Americas Europe & Middle East Asia-Pacific Request Your Demo IBM named a Leader for IBM Cloudability in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™​ for Cloud Financial Management Tools for 2 consecutive years. Read the Report Financial Intelligence Speak the new language of value with AI-accelerated TBM solutions Explore the Platform Discover Our Products Transform tech spend into business value Make data-driven decisions you can trust with category-leading TBM SaaS solutions for ITFM, FinOps, and Strategic Portfolio Management. Smarter tech spend across hybrid IT portfolios... Take control of your IT investments with IBM Apptio Explore IBM Apptio ...multi-cloud environments… Track, analyze, and optimize your cloud spend with IBM Cloudability Explore IBM Cloudability ...spanning infrastructure & containers… Real-time visibility into your Kubernetes cloud costs with IBM Kubecost Explore IBM Kubecost ...so you can accelerate value delivery. Keep execution continuously aligned to strategy with IBM Targetprocess Explore IBM Targetprocess What our customers say IBM Apptio Apptio has been an indispensable tool for helping our IT leaders solve pressing issues around transparency, financial agility, and transformation. There's so many challenges IT leaders have to deal with today. Not being able to understand their financials and insights around them shouldn't be one of them. Read the case study Dickson Kasamale Second VP of IT Finance and Analytics, The Standard IBM Apptio With Apptio, our team now spends more time doing meaningful work, analyzing data instead of performing time-consuming, manual tasks. Read the case study Pierre Talevski Apptio Product Owner and Lead Business Analyst, Coles Group IBM Cloudability We went from 40% coverage to 90% coverage for RDS. Using IBM Cloudability, I can see when reserved instances are about to expire, and I can attribute upfront payments to the accounts where the RI got applied. I can be very specific and that's something I could not do before. Read the case study VP & Director Cloud Optimization FactSet IBM Cloudability Data in Cloudability gives a real-time view of what cost looks like by service type, tags, and usage pattern — the parts that are innately part of AWS-hosted solutions. Read the case study Joseph Quinto Cloud Business Operations Manager, Hyland IBM Targetprocess We don't just use IBM Targetprocess to manage work packages. Historically, our adherence to roadmap KPI was 50%-60%. After implementing SAFe and IBM Targetprocess, this KPI is consistently over 90%. Read the case study Richard Mutschler Head of Lean Agile Centre of Excellence, ETAS IBM Cloudability One great thing about Cloudability is its reporting feature. It’s very user friendly. Within minutes, you can generate a report and get answers. You don’t have to be an expert. Read the case study Puja Kosarkar Director of Cloud Financial Operations, Epsilon See All Case Studies Solution Finder Technology business management solutions help transform your tech spend into business value. Let’s get started finding the right solution for you. Explore More Solutions A problem was detected in the following Form. Submitting it could result in errors. Please contact the site administrator. I'd like to better... Understand the financial impact of my IT investments Make sure I'm not wasting cloud spend Achieve better alignment and agility business-wide Accurately determine the ROI on my AI investments Which of these is most negatively affecting your ability to determine financial impact and ROI? Application migration Forecasting and planning Business unit accountability Which of these is your biggest concern about your cloud costs? Understanding my per-unit costs Improving my overall FinOps capabilities Governing cloud costs from the start Which of these is your biggest blocker to business-wide alignment and agility? Connecting my strategy and portfolio to execution Identifying inefficiencies in teams and workflows Support for hybrid methodologies across portfolios What do you most need to avoid wasting resources in your Kubernetes and cloud environments? More granular, real-time visibility into spending Automated optimization insights that I can action Proactive alerts for anomalies or threshold breaches What is making it hardest for you to define and communicate the value of your AI investments? No visibility into total cost of ownership Can't track or allocate AI spend across cloud and infrastructure Unable to manage AI costs and catch cost spikes soon enough Application migration Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Hybrid IT TCO Get a better sense of how your application migrations affect your overall IT estate, from overall financial benefit, to TCO to unit costs Application Rationalization Explore the 6 steps to removing redundant apps with The Definitive Framework for Application Rationalization Forecasting and planning Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Essential KPIs 10 Essential KPIs for the IT Strategic Planning Process will help you deliver a competitive advantage IBM Apptio Planning Make sure your tech planning changes as fast as the market with IBM Apptio's Planning capabilities Business unit accountability Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Showback & Chargeback eBook Optimize tech costs by shaping demand. The Showback and Chargeback eBook outlines the guiding principles. Showback & Chargeback Solution Drive shared accountability by planning, tracking, and influencing consumption. Showback and chargeback tools streamline the process. Understanding my per-unit costs Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Unit Economics in IBM Cloudability Get a comprehensive view of all cloud-related costs so you can confidently calculate costs per unit Translate Costs to Value Learn the principles and strategies of unit economics, and how you can translate costs to value. Improving my overall FinOps capabilities Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! FinOps Maturity Evaluate the state of your capabilities and create a plan to increase the ROI of your FinOps program. IBM Cloudability Empower FinOps teams to track, analyze, and optimize cloud spend – wherever they are in their cloud journey Governing cloud costs from the start Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! FinOps Governance Achieve your FinOps goals by integrating proactive insights into developer workflows. Standard Taxonomy for Cloud Costs Map AWS, Azure, and GCP services to a standard taxonomy so you can better align cloud investments to business outcomes. Connecting my strategy and portfolio to execution. Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Strategic Portfolio Management eBook Explore how Strategic Portfolio Management connects strategy to execution by aligning portfolios, programs, and processes. Strategic Planning Align work, products, and portfolios to the business strategy with consolidated views of financials with Strategic Planning solutions. Identifying inefficiencies in teams and workflows Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Portfolio Budgeting Portfolio budgeting tools support quick pivots to support changing priorities and shifting from project to product funding. Project-based Funding Learn how to deliver more value in a project/product hybrid environment. Support for hybrid methodologies across portfolios Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Capacity-based Funding Learn how to accelerate value with capacity-based funding. EAP eBook Focus on the transformative power of Enterprise Agile Planning to change the way your business creates value. More granular, real-time visibility into spending Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Amazon EKS costs Get detailed cost breakdowns for Amazon EKS—by namespace, cluster, and pod—making it easier to track, allocate, and optimize Kubernetes spend. Real-time, actionable insights Improve cost precision using cloud billing integration, reconciliation, and short-term cost estimation, giving teams real-time, actionable insights. Automated optimization insights that I can action Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Cut waste Cut waste before it hits your cloud bill. Explore how Kubecost enables smarter resource allocation and real-time optimization across your Kubernetes clusters. TBD TBD Automated optimization insights that I can action Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Cut waste Cut waste before it hits your cloud bill. Explore how Kubecost enables smarter resource allocation and real-time optimization across your Kubernetes clusters. TBD TBD Proactive alerts for anomalies or threshold breaches Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! TBD TBD TBD TBD No visibility into total cost of ownership Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Manage AI costs and usage Understand and manage total costs and usage across the AI investment lifecycle Go beyond the AI hype Explore the complexities and strategic considerations businesses must think through to ensure the best return on their AI investments. Can't track or allocate AI spend across cloud and infrastructure Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Optimize spend Optimize tech spend management with AI, analytics, and automation Deliver value from AI investments How to ensure AI investments deliver value on this episode of Navigating the Tech Frontier Unable to manage AI costs and catch cost spikes soon enough Here are a few of our best ideas for solving your specific challenges. Go ahead and take the next step! Detect spend anomalies Identify unexpected cost spikes and inefficiencies across with machine learning via real-time alerts. Take control of AI investments Take control of your AI investments with strategies and features to optimize across their lifecycle A Trusted Industry Leader 1800+ Customers 60%+ Fortune 100 $650B Technology Spend Managed We are a founding member of the Technology Business Management (TBM) Council and the FinOps Foundation. Learn More About Apptio Further Reading All Resources Analyst Report Predictions 2026: Artificial Intelligence Analyst Report Predictions 2026: Tech Leadership eBook 5 IT Strategies to Cut Costs Without Losing Business Value Analyst Report The Importance of Strategic Portfolio Management and Data-Driven Planning for Modern Enterprises Analyst Report AI-Based Investments Require a New Approach to Deliver ROI Objectives Analyst Report RIA’s 2025 Vendor Selection Matrix™ for ITFM and TBM Solutions Guide How to Build Cost Awareness into DevOps Workflows Analyst Report Balance ITFM and FinOps to Optimize IT Cost Management Guide Kubernetes Best Practices for Secure, Scalable, and Cost-Efficient Deployments Analyst Report 2025 Gartner ® Magic Quadrant™ for Cloud Financial Management Tools Research Report IBM Apptio Market Report Analyst Report Forrester’s Essential Research To Manage Your IT Spend Research Report IBM Targetprocess Market Report Research Report IBM Cloudability Market Report eBook Strategic Planning for Enterprise PMOs Guide How to Quantify the Environmental Impact of Your Cloud Consumption Guide Kubernetes Taints & Tolerations Poster Mapping AWS, Azure, and GCP Services to a Standard Taxonomy Guide Rancher vs Kubernetes: It’s Not Either-Or Guide Prometheus Grafana: Best Practices with Examples Request a Custom Demo Ready to get the most value from your tech investments? Whether you want to unlock the value of your tech investments or make cloud your competitive advantage, Apptio helps you drive better business outcomes with the power of trusted, actionable insights. Connect with an Apptio expert to see a demo customized for your business needs. Or chat with us now. Linkedin-in Envelope Global – English 日本 – 日本語 Latinoamérica – Español Brasil – Português France – Français DACH – Deutsch Italia – Italiano Global – English 日本 – 日本語 Latinoamérica – Español Brasil – Português France – Français DACH – Deutsch Italia – Italiano Solutions IT Financial Management Cloud Financial Management Strategic Portfolio Management Financial Intelligence Products IBM Apptio IBM Cloudability IBM Kubecost IBM Targetprocess Resources Resource Center Blog Kubernetes Guides Shows & Podcasts Events & Webinars Company Culture & Careers Leadership Trust News Locations Founder and Technical Advisor to the TBM Council ©Copyright 2007-2025 Apptio, an IBM Company. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Cookie Settings | California Privacy Rights | Modern Slavery Act Statement Targetprocess Maximize Agile Investment Planning Apptio Targetprocess is an enterprise agile management solution that ingests and structures activity data from PPM and ALM tools with portfolio financial data to inform investment decisions, optimize resources, and track value. Built to align development work with business goals and objectives, Apptio Targetprocess enables portfolio leaders to accurately plan, track, and forecast investments for agile or hybrid delivery. Learn more IBM Apptio Analyze, Optimize & Plan IT Spend IBM Apptio Costing Apptio Costing reveals the exact costs and impacts of your tech investments, providing transparency on key spend drivers tied to business priorities, driving informed decisions in an evolving tech landscape. Learn more IBM Apptio Planning Apptio Planning streamlines the technology budgeting and forecasting process while providing the variance analysis and scenario planning capabilities to support continuous planning. Learn more IBM Apptio Billing Apptio Billing delivers an automated and reliable cost recovery solution that communicates the value of IT and technology, enables partnership with the business, and empowers business stakeholders to be better consumers of technology. Learn more IBM Apptio Benchmarking Apptio Benchmarking provides self-service peer comparisons of your technology spend over time, enabling an ongoing process for tracking performance, validating decisions, and identifying areas for improvement. Learn more IBM Cloudability Optimize Cloud & Hybrid Infrastructure IBM Cloudability Cloudability ingests, normalizes, and structures cloud billing and usage data from across your public cloud ecosystem so that you can actively manage spend and consumption to continuously improve the unit economics of cloud service. Learn more IBM Cloudability Savings Automation Cloudability Savings Automation enables organizations to run their commitment program on autopilot, freeing up critical FinOps resources and delivering savings that are not achievable with a manual approach. Learn more IBM Cloudability MSP Cloudability MSP empowers managed service providers to efficiently manage complex cloud environments and optimize costs while streamlining customer management and billing processes. Learn more