Austin Peay State University Toggle Menu Toggle Search Go back Alumni Current Students Faculty & Staff Military Parents & Families Close Search Submit Close Search A-Z Index People Search Apply Request Info Visit Give Calendar About APSU Admissions Academics Campus Life Athletics I Am... Alumni Current Student Faculty/Staff Military Parent/Family Apply Request Info Visit Give Calendar APPLY Get Started at APSU Start the admissions process and get the assistance you need to become a Gov! VISIT Tour Our Campus Tour our beautiful campus and learn about what makes our community so great! We offer
                           several tour options. REQUEST INFO We want to connect with you! Learn more and receive information about how you can begin your journey at APSU! Explore Majors and Programs At Austin Peay, we are large enough to offer you a broad range of educational and
                     social options, but small enough to treat you as an individual. That’s because we
                     provide all of the resources of a big university, with a small college feel. We serve
                     a large population of diverse students with several degree options at the associates,
                     bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral levels. Many of these degrees can be pursued on
                     campus and online . Austin Peay also is working to support the region’s economic growth with several
                     new programs that cater to the employment needs of local industries and the surrounding
                     community. Explore our academic programs College of Arts and Letters Explore College of Behavioral and Health Sciences Explore College of Business Explore Eriksson College of Education Explore College of STEM Explore College of Graduate Studies Explore Small Campus Feel. Big Opportunities. Austin Peay offers the resources of a major university with a small college feel.
                        You'll get to know people quickly — including your professors. That one-on-one communication
                        is just part of the friendliness that makes Austin Peay a comfortable place to be. Explore Your Opportunities Field Biology Creative Arts Office of Undergraduate Research International Education Honors Programs Leaders Programs Clarksville, Tennessee As Tennessee's youngest city by median age, APSU is surrounded by a thriving community,
                  named as 2019's #1 Best Place to Live in America by Money Magazine. Set against the
                  Cumberland River, Clarksville offers outdoor activities, great restaurants, and local
                  theatre. Not to mention, we're just 45 minutes from Nashville. Schedule a Campus Tour News View All News Austin Peay and the College of STEM to sponsor drone show at NYE Party For the second consecutive year, Austin Peay State University (APSU) and the College of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) will sponsor two drone shows at the New Year's Eve Party, hosted by Montgomery County Parks and Recreation at the Downtown Commons. Four-legged companions offer more than holiday cheer, APSU nursing researcher says As holiday stress rises for many Tennesseans, Austin Peay State University's Dr. Debra Rose Wilson says one of the simplest forms of relief may already be curled up on the living room floor. Craig and Ginny Gray Davis ('87) establish Virginia Rosenbalm Gray Future Educator Endowment at APSU Alumna Ginny Gray Davis and her husband Craig establish the Virginia Rosenbalm Gray Future Educator Endowment at Austin Peay State University to support education majors in honor of Davis's mother, a longtime Dickson County Schools educator. Campus Sustainability We are red, black, and GREEN! Learn about how you can be involved in helping make Austin Peay a more sustainable
                        and green campus! Get Involved Dec 23-31 Winter Break - Campus Closed Date: Dec 23-31, 2025 Time: -- Location: 
                  -- Dec 28 Women's Basketball vs Berry Date: Dec 28, 2025 Time: 2:00 p.m. Location: 
                  F&M Bank Arena Dec 28 Men's Basketball vs Fisk Date: Dec 28, 2025 Time: 4:30 p.m. Location: 
                  F&M Bank Arena Jan 01 New Year's Day - Campus Closed Date: Jan 01, 2026 Time: -- Location: 
                  -- Jan 11 Last Day of Winter Classes Date: Jan 11, 2025 Time: -- Location: 
                  -- View Full Calendar of Events Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Austin Peay State University 601 College Street Clarksville, TN 37044 (931) 221-7011 Clarksville Campus Austin Peay Center at Fort Campbell Felix G. Woodward Library Home OneStop Pathway Careers at APSU Non-Discrimination Policy Title IX ADA Emergency Management Accreditation Privacy Contact Us Copyright © 2025 Facebook Youtube Twitter Instagram ©