Skip to main content
Apply NowGive
Search
Search
What are you searching for?

Popular Searches

Financial Aid
Admissions
Programs
Tuition and Fees
Academic Calendar
Campus Tours
Library
Menu
Academics
Degrees and Programs
Academic Catalog
Academic Calendar
Schools and Colleges
Academic Support and Services
Admissions and Aid
Overview
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate and Professional Admissions
International Admissions
Transfer to APU
Cost and Aid
Visit APU
Request Program Information
Welcome Weekend
Summer Orientation
Life at APU
APU Stories
Spiritual Life
Wellness
Campus Life
Residence Life
Dining Services
Office of Commuter Life
Center for Reconciliation and Diversity
Athletics
About
Overview
What We Believe
Diversity at APU
Leadership
News and Events
Our History
University Accreditation
Info For
Current Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
Parents and Families
Request InfoVisitApplyGive

This video displays scenes of life at Azusa Pacific University, including views of the campus, students studying, and other campus activities.

Toggle video
Merry Christmas

From all of us at Azusa Pacific University, we wish you a Christmas season filled with blessed hope and incredible joy!

Watch APU‘s Christmas Film 

President Morris: Leading APU's Mission

President Morris’s top priority is for APU to be faithful to its mission to graduate students who make a difference in the world for the cause of Christ.

Watch His Film

Close announcement
Find Your Program

We’ll help you grow as a Christian leader and learn to innovate in your field.

What are you searching for?
Search

UndergraduateGraduateOnlineBrowse All Programs

Cultivating Impact
Open modal
Josh Holm ’16

Through his fashion company, Castles and Queens, Holm shares a powerful message to inspire others.

View Alumni Stories

Open modal
Bailey Wilson ’18

Wilson’s food truck company, Bondi Bowls, impacts communities by serving healthy acai bowls across more than 20 locations in seven states.

View Alumni Stories

Open modal
Erick Quintanilla ’11, MM ’13

Quintanilla loves giving back to the community by helping students grow in their musical skills as director of bands at Glendora High School.

View Alumni Stories

Stories and News
Student Spotlight: Rachel Presby ’26 Uses Knowledge as Power to Create Compelling Characters on Stage
December 18, 2025
APU Institute for Faith, Leadership, and Service Partners with Redeemed Life Church to Support the Arts
December 16, 2025
Adam Cozens ’06 Fosters Community Through Comedy
December 11, 2025
Steve Harden Named Executive Director of Strategic Partnerships for APU’s School of Business and Management
December 11, 2025
Student Spotlight: Daniel Medley ’25 Explores His Faith Through Art and Storytelling
December 10, 2025
APU Kinesiology Prepares Students to Provide Holistic Care on More Than 30 Career Paths
December 09, 2025
Students Find Their Voices in APU’s Preaching Lab
December 04, 2025

View All Stories View All News

Visit APU

Southern California offers countless opportunities, all at APU's doorstep—world-renowned destinations, teeming urban centers, and influential global economies.

Alongside our Azusa campus, just 26 miles from Los Angeles, we offer multiple campus locations throughout the region. Each hosts different programs, and all provide a high-quality, Christ-centered APU education.

Schedule Your Visit

Azusa
MAIN CAMPUS

Study near unrivaled opportunities in L.A., Hollywood, and Silicon Beach, the tech capital of SoCal.

Explore Azusa

High Desert
REGIONAL CAMPUS

Focus on healthcare, business, or education. Experience the advantages of a small-town community.

Explore High Desert

Murrieta
Regional Campus

Advance your career through programs in a fast-growing, business-friendly region.

Explore Murrieta

Monrovia
Regional Campus

Immerse yourself in a healthcare program near some of SoCal’s top hospitals.

Explore Monrovia

Orange County
Regional Campus

Learn within a thriving economy, and benefit from the coast's abundant jobs and resources.

Explore Orange County

Inland Empire
Regional Campus

Study near historic downtown San Bernardino, the economic and cultural heart of the Inland Empire.

Explore Inland Empire

San Diego
Regional Campus

Succeed in education, leadership, nursing, or psychology in a dynamic city known for innovative industries.

Explore San Diego

Our Cornerstones
Christ

Our faith in Jesus Christ is central to who we are. It guides every endeavor at APU—whether studying in the classroom, gathering in fellowship, or serving in the local community.

Learn About This Cornerstone
Scholarship

APU’s life-changing education develops you into a disciple and scholar, equipping you to succeed in your field and make a difference in the world.

Learn About This Cornerstone
Community

We are a welcoming, diverse Christ-centered community that values each person as created in the Image of God. The relationships we cultivate help students reach their full potential and enable others to do the same.

Learn About This Cornerstone
Service

We believe Christ calls us to serve others and opportunities abound at APU—locally, internationally, and academically. These experiences transform both our students and those they serve.

Learn About This Cornerstone
Events at APU
Jan 14

11:30AM

Duke Commons, West Campus, Azusa Pacific University

Summer Job Spotlights
Jan 16

11:30AM

Cougar Mall

Summer Job Spotlights
Jan 22

7:00PM

APU Alumni Virtual Workshop: Basics of Investing
Jan 24

7:00PM

Upper Turner Campus Center

Southern California Christian Schools Honor Band
Jan 28

11:30AM

Wilden Hall

School of Business & Managment Employer Spotlight
Jan 30

3:00PM

Campus Life Lawn

Campus Life Market
Jan 31

10:00AM

Wilden Hall

Honors Scholar Recognition

View All Events

Explore APU

APU’s life-changing education develops disciple-scholars, equipping you to succeed in your field and make a difference in the world.

Schedule a Visit
Request Information
Apply Now

Azusa Pacific University
901 E. Alosta Avenue
Azusa, CA 91702

Contact Us

Give to APU

University Libraries
Campus Directory
Academics
Locations
Campus Maps
Faith and Learning Community
Employment
Home Login
God First Since 1899
Back to Top

© 2025 Azusa Pacific University. All Rights Reserved.

Annual Security and Fire Safety Report
Accessibility
Site Policies
Title IX

Azusa Pacific University (APU) admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in the administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.