American Public University System - Official Site - 877-755-2787 | American Public University System (APUS) Skip Navigation Open Menu Search Campus Login About Office of the President Accreditation Mission & Vision History Fast Facts Leadership Board of Trustees Employer Relations Government Relations Newsroom APUS Vibes Career Opportunities Consumer Information Contact Us Academic Community Catalog (Undergrad/Grad) Journals Library Observatory Center for Cyber Defense Center for Space Studies Center for Teaching & Learning IntelHub Learning Outcomes Assessment Research and Creative Inquiry Institutional Review Board (IRB) Academic Resources Conferences Partnerships Blogs & Social Military & Veterans Overview Active Duty Servicemembers Veterans Spouses & Dependents Credentialing Assistance Find Your Local Military Education Manager Global Digital Journey Cassandra Havens APU Masters Graduate Online education for working adults looking to make a difference in business, healthcare, education, and government. Visit APU Flexible online education  designed for the unpredictable lives of those who serve. Visit AMU American Public University System (APUS) is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission (HLC) ( www.hlcommission.org ), an institutional accreditation agency recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Learn More Our Mission The mission of American Public University System is to provide high quality higher education with emphasis on educating the nation's military and public service communities by offering respected, relevant, accessible, affordable, and student-focused online programs that prepare students for service and leadership in a diverse, global society. APUS in Action Check out some of the exciting news happening within the APUS community! Great Place to Work® APUS earns certification, reflecting strong employee trust, pride, and culture. CECU Podcast The future of education is digital. Forbes Business Council Reflections on life’s infinite paths—and how to create your own opportunities. 2024 Global Impact Report APUS celebrates milestone year with national honors, military family support. APUS at a Glance #1 Provider of Education to U.S. Military and Veterans* 232 Degrees & Certificates 162,000+ Graduates *Based on FY 2019 Department of Defense tuition assistance data, as reported by Military Times, 2020, and Veterans Administration student enrollment data as of 2023. Data current as of September 30, 2025 At each and every step of the way, I had the support needed to move toward the ultimate goal of graduating and pursuing my career ambitions. Chanda Chann BA Management, 2013 | MBA 2015 In The News APUS Honors Veterans Through Wreaths Across America Partnership APUS Offers New Courses with MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab (CSAIL)-Powered Content on AI APUS to Host “Sport United: The Future is Now” Virtual Conference on November 6-7 View All News American Public University System 111 W. Congress Street Charles Town, WV 25414 877-755-2787 Get Connected Facebook X Instagram YouTube Social Media Center AMU Edge APU Edge Privacy Policy Terms Accreditation Career Opportunities Newsroom Mission Site Map Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CA Residents Only) American Public University System (APUS) is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission (HLC) and is a wholly owned subsidiary of American Public Education, Inc. (APEI) . Pursuant to a contractual arrangement, APEI provides certain services for the benefit of APUS, subject to APUS oversight and ultimate authority. Pursuant to a license, APEI may use APUS’s trademarks and other intellectual property in its performance of those services. American Public University System, American Public University, and American Military University are not affiliated with American University or the U.S. Military.