Apxor | World's First Digital Nudging Platform for Apps Event Alert 🚨: 'How Apxor helped a leading edtech platform's community scale to 2 million messages a day - A candid discussion with Amar' on 15th Oct 2022 - Register Now Event Alert 🚨: 'How Apxor helped a leading edtech platform's community scale to 2 million messages a day - A candid discussion with Amar' on 15th Oct 2022 - Register Now Home Solutions Nudge Solutions User Onboarding Feature Adoption Conversions App Engagement Product Experimentation User Research Data Platform Success Stories Resources Blog Guides & EBooks Webinars Glossary Pricing Company About Us Careers Contact Us Book a Demo Login Book a Demo Solutions Nudge Solutions User Onboarding Feature Adoption Conversions App Engagement Product Experimentation User Research Data Platform Success Stories Resources Blog Guides & Ebooks Webinars Glossary Pricing Company About Us Careers Contact Us Book a Demo Login Product Engagement Made Easy Your growth and product teams can launch immersive experiences within 15 minutes. No coding required. Simplify user onboarding  journey Accelerate feature adoption Boost retention and conversions Book a Demo Top companies trust APXOR to drive product engagement and growth Top companies trust APXOR to drive product engagement and growth Engagement Hooks - Nudge Variants Stories Native Cards Badges Tooltips Coachmarks In App Messages Walkthroughs Surveys PIP Videos Stories Stories, commonly popular with social media apps, are snippets of information/media shown for short span of time. As Stories transcend into all commercial apps, they are enabling guidance for complex features of the apps, and increase user engagement. Try it out Stories Stories, commonly popular with social media apps, are snippets of information/media shown for short span of time. As Stories transcend into all commercial apps, they are enabling guidance for complex features of the apps, and increase user engagement. Try it out Native Cards Native cards are interactive elements containing information and actions relevant to a specific context within the app. They typically take the form of horizontal lists containing scrollable cards, offering a visually appealing and engaging way to present content. Try it out Native Cards Native cards are interactive elements containing information and actions relevant to a specific context within the app. They typically take the form of horizontal lists containing scrollable cards, offering a visually appealing and engaging way to present content. Try it out Badges Badges are the small red dots or icons or text-labels that appear next to a UI element in an app. Badges are extremely non-intrusive. Using badges, you can influence user behaviour in the app by subtly guiding their attention to the selected features. Learn More Badges Badges are the small red dots or icons or text-labels that appear next to a UI element in an app. Badges are extremely non-intrusive. Using badges, you can influence user behaviour in the app by subtly guiding their attention to the selected features. Learn More Tooltips Tooltips are short helpful inline messages that give information to your users about a feature on your app. Deployed contextually, tooltips allow you to gently guide your users’ attention to the features that they need to discover. Try it out Tooltips Tooltips are short helpful inline messages that give information to your users about a feature on your app. Deployed contextually, tooltips allow you to gently guide your users’ attention to the features that they need to discover. Try it out Coachmarks Coachmarks are flashing indicators which grab your users’ attention. A well placed contextual coachmark strongly influence your users towards conversion. Try it out Coachmarks Coachmarks are flashing indicators which grab your users’ attention. A well placed contextual coachmark strongly influence your users towards conversion. Try it out In App Messages In-app messages are powerful banners that display your offers and discounts to your users. Personalize them in real time to thrill your users and gain repeat usage. Try it out In App Messages In-app messages are powerful banners that display your offers and discounts to your users. Personalize them in real time to thrill your users and gain repeat usage. Try it out Walkthroughs Walkthroughs are step-by-step guidance to help your users navigate to the required features. Onboard your users with  walkthroughs that guide them to activation within the app. Try it out Walkthroughs Walkthroughs are step-by-step guidance to help your users navigate to the required features. Onboard your users with  walkthroughs that guide them to activation within the app. Try it out Surveys Contextual Micro Surveys are in-the-moment user feedback gathering tools. You can get NPS ratings from your users, or capture actionable user sentiment by launching them contextually. Try it out Surveys Contextual Micro Surveys are in-the-moment user feedback gathering tools. You can get NPS ratings from your users, or capture actionable user sentiment by launching them contextually. Try it out PIP Videos Picture-in-picture Video is one of the most powerful nudging tools for onboarding and feature adoption. Apxor' s PIP Video feature allows the video to dragged, expanded,collapsed and replayed. Users can move to different screens of the app and learn to use the app while the video is playing. Try it out PIP Videos Picture-in-picture Video is one of the most powerful nudging tools for onboarding and feature adoption. Apxor' s PIP Video feature allows the video to dragged, expanded,collapsed and replayed. Users can move to different screens of the app and learn to use the app while the video is playing. Try it out What do our clients say about us? Meet some of our happy customers who are using Apxor successfully to engage their users at every point of their journey.  Our clients are able to build apps that users love, and also are building businesses that partners love. Vaibhav Kokal Vice President - Revenue “Apxor has been a game changer for us. Our feature adoption and new user onboarding improved tremendously.” Jeevant Sarma Lead Product Officier “Apxor team has done a stellar job in simplifying user onboarding and feature adoption.” Ankur Warikoo Advisor “I am now able to visualize customer journeys in, frankly, ways that I wouldn’t have been able to from a gut perspective” Apurva Shetty Product Officier "Apxor’s Nudges with the multi-language and localization capabilities are a game changer. Apxor enabled us to train and effectively activate our users." krishna Mohan gadi Cheif Product Officier "Apxor’s In-app Surveys helped us save 1crore on our sales and marketing costs. It is a must-have tool in our tech stack." Anuj Sachdev AD - Product and Strategy “Apxor’s onboarding walkthroughs helped in improving our Day 1 Retention by a whooping 14.63%.” Vamshi Velagapuri Product Officier “Apxor is one of the very few tools out there which provide real in-depth actionableinsights.” Nitish Bugalia Head of Product and Strategy “Apxor has been very helpful in very quickly transitioning our customers inmany ways.” Archana Elapavuluri Co-founder and CEO “We are always acting on the richinsights that Apxor delivers andachieving concrete results.” Pulkit Sharma Co-Founder and CEO "Apxor helped us improve our feed ranking and thereby new user retention. We love their insights." Abhilash Inumella Founder and CEO “Apxor gives holistic insights on full UX life cycle. People behind Apxor engine are top notch - no hype,  just pure tech.” Tejas Bhalerao Associate Product Officier "Apxor’s tooltips, achieved over 33.4% conversion rate. More than 41K users interacted with the Delivery Process Feedback In-app Survey." Advanced Features - Only Apxor has Dynamic Text & Script 66% users expect messaging tailored to their needs. Make API calls in real-time, leverage text on the screen, or use user/session data to dramatically enhance relevance and personalization of your messaging. Learn more Automatic View Finder No need to rely on your developers every time you want to create a nudge. Just search the UI elements you want to add nudges to, using Apxor’s Automatic View Finder. Create nudges whenever you want. Learn more Funnel Drop-off Prevention It’s nearly impossible to get users back, when they drop-off from critical steps. Apxor’s Inactivity Based Triggers help you nudge and guide users right before they drop-off and improve conversion rates by 50%. Learn more Our Solutions User Onboarding Feature Discovery Conversions App Engagement User Research User Retention Reduce time-to-value with smooth onboarding Understand user intent and craft your onboarding walkthrough to satisfy that. Experiment and iterate your flows quickly. Arrive at the best onboarding walkthrough to activate fast. Intent based onboarding increases onboarding completion rate by 75% and same session activation by 90% . Learn More Reduce time-to-value with smooth onboarding Understand user intent and craft your onboarding walkthrough to satisfy that. Experiment and iterate your flows quickly. Arrive at the best onboarding walkthrough to activate fast. Intent based onboarding increases onboarding completion rate by 75% and same session activation by 90% . Learn More Improve product adoption with contextual discoveries Features are hard to build and users are fickle. Apxor lets users discover features at the right moment and in the right context leading to higher click through rates. Contextual feature/product discovery nudges have helped apps increase revenue up to 5% . Learn More Improve product adoption with contextual discoveries Features are hard to build and users are fickle. Apxor lets users discover features at the right moment and in the right context leading to higher click through rates. Contextual feature/product discovery nudges have helped apps increase revenue up to 5% . Learn More Increase revenue and LTV with optimized conversions Identify the opportunity micro-moments and individualize your offers in the real time. Increase conversions and brand loyalty. Nudge users contextually right before they could drop-off with the right engagement hooks  - increasing funnel conversions by 24% . Learn More Increase revenue and LTV with optimized conversions Identify the opportunity micro-moments and individuaize your offers in the real time. Increase conversions and brand loyalty. Nudge users contextually right before they could drop-off with the right engagement hooks  - increasing funnel conversions by 24% . Learn More Create valuable interactions with enriched  engagement Increase session durations and in-app engagement with real-time nudging. Identify the opportunity micro-moments and individualize your offers in the real time. Increase conversions and brand loyalty. PIP Videos are creating an undeniable impact to app experience and engagement. Companies are seeing 80% upsurge in post video views engagement. Learn More Create valuable interactions with enriched  engagement Increase session durations and in-app engagement with real-time nudging. Identify the opportunity micro-moments and individualize your offers in the real time. Increase conversions and brand loyalty. PIP Videos are creating an undeniable impact to app experience and engagement. Companies are seeing 80% upsurge in post video views engagement. Learn More Understand user sentiment at scale, cost effectively Doing cost effective user research at scale, which yields near accurate user sentiment is almost impossible, except when you are using In-app Contextual Surveys. In-app contextual surveys reveal accurate user sentiment and feedback with more than 80% users completing the surveys. Learn More Understand user sentiment at scale, cost effectively Doing cost effective user research at scale, which yields near accurate user sentiment is almost impossible, except when you are using In-app Contextual Surveys. In-app contextual surveys reveal accurate user sentiment and feedback with more than 80% users completing the surveys. Learn More Reduce churn proactively with enhanced product experience Understand and iterate your product at the speed of thought. Nudge users with highly personalized nudges to guide them right when they need. Build better products and retain users longer. Dynamic nudges which change in real-time enhance user experience and make your app loved by your users. Leading apps have improved user retention using Apxor’s dynamic nudges. Learn More Reduce churn proactively with enhanced product experience Understand and iterate your product at the speed of thought. Nudge users with highly personalized nudges to guide them right when they need. Build better products and retain users longer. Dynamic nudges which change in real-time enhance user experience and make your app loved by your users. Leading apps have improved user retention using Apxor’s dynamic nudges. Learn More Our Integrations Apxor allows you to integrate deeply with your favourite tools for easier transfer of data Amplitube Mixpanal Branch Adjust Appsflyer Branch Our Integrations Apxor allows you to integrate deeply with your favourite tools for easier transfer of data Amplitube Mixpanal Adjust Appsflyer Branch Adjust Appsflyer Branch Adjust Appsflyer Branch What Product Teams are Reading Best practices Onboarding Checklist: 9 Must-Haves For The Best User Onboarding Experience A powerful onboarding checklist with 9 elements that enable you to create the most seamless and the best onboarding experience for your new users. Read More Why Apxor is the Leader in Product Engagement Reach Reliability Real-time 20 Million Users nudged everyday Complete science of nudging 25 Percentage Average increase in conversions Zero code. Styling and UI library 15 Minutes To launch a nudge Key features OTHERS Enhance user satisfaction with personalised messaging and build lasting relationships. The complete science of nudging is here. Understand whom to nudge, when to nudge and where to nudge. Server-side events that trigger Nudge campaigns in real-time and enhance product experience and conversions. Never be limited by the need for good nudge designs. Get the edge of custom html and customisable design templates. Apxor empowers you to understand the impact of your campaigns beyond goal events and correlate with long-term metrics Control who does what in the dashboard. Apxor provides you with complete control to its access. Want to create an impact? Book a Demo Want to create an impact? Book a Demo Ready to get started? Check Our Plans Ready to get started? Check Our Plans #103, First Floor, Modern Profound Tech Park, Survey No 12, Opp. Ramalayam, Laxmi Cyber City, Whitefields, Kothaguda, Kondapur, Hyderabad - 500084 sales@apxor.com Solutions User Onboarding Feature Adoption Conversions App Engagement Product Experimentation User Research Product Success Stories Pricing Data Platform Resources Blog Webinars Guides & EBooks Glossary Developer Docs Company About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright @ 2024 Apxor Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd Copyright @ 2021 Apxor Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd