Arbor Day Foundation | Tree Planting Non-Profit Skip to main content Make a year-end gift through donor-advised funds. GIVE NOW Track Your Order Search Close Main navigation Our Work Our Work By nurturing our vibrant network and championing science, we plant trees with intention at a global scale. Programs Case Studies Tree Planting Trees in Communities Trees in Forests Arbor Day Carbon Natural Disaster Recovery Elevating Our Network Recognition Conferences & Events Convening Resources & Support Alliance for Community Trees Programs Case Studies Get Involved Get Involved Whether through support or shovels, we make it possible for anyone to be a tree planter. All Ways to Get Involved Support Our Mission Corporate Partnerships Membership Give Now Planned Giving Shop Participate Become a Planting Partner Celebrate Arbor Day Visit Arbor Day Farm Stay Updated All Ways to Get Involved About Us About Us The mission of the Arbor Day Foundation is to inspire people to plant, nurture, and celebrate trees. About the Arbor Day Foundation Our Approach Perspectives Our Impact Newsroom Our Network Careers Our Values Impact Fund Annual Report FAQs Our Board & Executive Team Contact Us About the Arbor Day Foundation About Trees About Trees Planting the right trees in the right places is an effective and affordable way to take on some of today’s biggest challenges. About Trees Benefits of Trees The Value of Trees Environmental Impact Community Impact Biodiversity Impact The Need in Forests The Need in Communities Tree Education & Care Planning, Selection & Location Planting Your Tree Tree Care & Maintenance Youth Education Tools & Resources Tree Resources Tree Identification Tree Guide Hardiness Zones Video Library About Trees Shop Shop Explore nearly 200 varieties of trees and shrubs, dedicate trees to others, and shop merch that gives back to the planet we share. Shop All Products Track My Order Nursery Dedicate a Planting Merchandise Shop All Products Track My Order Search Track Your Order Join Us Donate Back SEARCH Search Join Us Donate Toggle navigation LAST CHANCE TO 2X IMPACT Time is running out to double the support for forests in need. Donate by December 31 to help life’s diversity take root, and we’ll match your gift tree for tree. 2x Trees Learn more Who we are We are a global nonprofit inspiring people to plant, nurture, and celebrate trees. Along with our network, we’ve planted more than half a billion trees — with a focus on areas where they can have the greatest impact on climate, communities, and biodiversity. Our Impact About Us How we do it Our Roots Run Deep By joining our vast and vibrant network, anyone can make a difference. We connect a spectrum of member and partner support with local organizations whose expertise guides the right trees to the right places for the right reasons. Our Approach Our Network 500M+ Trees planted and counting 60+ Countries around the globe 5.4K+ Planting partners working locally 50+ Years planting, nurturing, and celebrating Take action A better future is calling Give today to grow habitat, strengthen communities, rebound from wildfires, and plant a more hopeful future. Our work Tree Planting From concrete jungles to recovering forests, we work globally. We plant with a dedicated focus on areas where trees can have the greatest impact. Trees in Communities Trees in Forests Carbon Forestry Our Network We cannot meet this moment alone. So we never do. It’s why we elevate our community of tree planters with opportunities, recognition, and resources. Recognition Conferences & Events Resources & Support Education Growing healthy trees starts with knowing them from bark to branches. Explore resources and guides to ensure the trees you plant live long and healthy lives. Selection & Location Resources Care & Maintenance MAKE OUR MISSION GROW All Ways To Get Involved Become a Member Be part of a movement to grow a greener future. Plan a Gift Leave the legacy of a healthier world. Corporate Partnerships Meet your goals with greater purpose and impact. Planting Partners Join a vibrant network turning ambition into action. Celebrate Arbor Day Support trees all year long and find festivities near you. Shop Find trees, tees, and more in our nursery and shop. Previous Next 1/6 Related Perspectives View All Perspectives Community Honoring America’s Roots As the United States celebrates its 250th anniversary, let’s invest in the country we call home by shaping a stronger canopy. Community Tree Cities of the World Sets New Record, Showcasing the Global Power of Trees From small towns to global metropolises, cities are embracing trees as essential infrastructure for healthier, more res... Tue, 11/18/2025 - 14:43 Extreme Weather Trees Viewed as Key to Environmental Challenges A new national survey reveals strong public belief in the role of trees to protect, restore, and strengthen communities... Thu, 08/28/2025 - 16:17 Biodiversity Reforesting for the Rare: How Trees Helped Save the Kirtland’s Warbler Restoring jack pine forests helped bring one of North America’s rarest songbirds back. Mon, 07/01/2024 - 16:22 Take action A better tomorrow starts today Trees have the answers. Now they need us. Plant to slow climate change, support wildlife, and give all our neighbors access to green spaces. Donate Join 211 N. 12th Street Lincoln, NE 68508 About Us Our Impact Our Approach Careers Contact Us Quick Links Network Directory Arbor Day Carbon Campaigns & Past Projects Tree Registry FAQs Stay Updated Subscribe to get the latest news, stories, and updates on how we can plant the greatest positive impact, together. Subscribe © Arbor Day Foundation 2025. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies Accessibility Policy State Disclosures Opt Out Sitemap The Arbor Day Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit pursuing a future where all life flourishes through the power of trees.