Arc: The Economic OS for the internet Home Build Back Documentation Explore guides, APIs, and specs Faucet Get testnet USDC and EURC Explorer Inspect and analyze Arc Ecosystem Litepaper Blog Start building Home Build Back Documentation Explore guides, APIs, and specs Faucet Get testnet USDC and EURC Explorer Inspect and analyze Arc Ecosystem Litepaper Blog Read our docs Home Build Back Documentation Explore guides, APIs, and specs Faucet Get testnet USDC and EURC Explorer Inspect and analyze Arc Ecosystem Litepaper Blog Open docs Home Build Back Documentation Explore guides, APIs, and specs Faucet Get testnet USDC and EURC Explorer Inspect and analyze Arc Ecosystem Litepaper Blog Go to docs { ARC } The Economic OS for the internet Arc is an open L1 blockchain purpose-built to unite programmable money and onchain innovation with real-world economic activity. Start building Read our docs Open docs Go to docs Explore the ecosystem { Building the internet-native economy } Stablecoins proved that money can be programmable, now Arc carries that idea through to the rest of the global economy — enabling more financial infrastructure layers to become automated, customizable, scalable, and composable. Supported by global ecosystem partners, Arc is a trusted, neutral foundation where programmable money, tokenized assets, economic contracts, and onchain markets converge. And it’s open to anyone who’s ready to help build the new internet financial system. Welcome to Arc. { Discover the vision } The next epoch of the internet begins Read the blog { Features } Purpose-built to increase economic velocity Arc combines the efficiencies of blockchain with traditional finance must-haves to power onchain lending, capital markets, FX, and payments. Stablecoins as native gas Arc’s gas fees are low, predictable, and fiat-based, starting with USDC — enabling seamless, cost-effective transactions whether you’re sending $1 or $1B. Opt-in configurable privacy Native privacy tooling enables businesses and users to selectively shield sensitive financial data while preserving auditability to help remain compliant with relevant obligations. Deterministic sub-second finality Arc delivers instant settlement finality to serve the most demanding enterprise use cases and supports institutional regulatory standards for settlements 1 — powered by Malachite , a highly performant BFT consensus engine. Global liquidity hub Arc is designed to aggregate stablecoin and tokenized asset liquidity and, with CCTP and Gateway , make it composable for capital formation and value exchange across the multichain ecosystem. 2 Build on open infrastructure for open markets Arc is enterprise-grade network infrastructure that delivers the performance, reliability, and liquidity needed to meet the demands of the global internet economy. Come build with us on Arc. Start building Read our docs Open docs Go to docs FAQ What is Arc? Arc is an open Layer-1 blockchain purpose-built to unite programmable money and onchain innovation with real-world economic activity. Engineered for mass adoption, Arc features predictable dollar-based fees using stablecoins as gas, opt-in configurable privacy that supports compliance obligations, and direct integration with Circle’s full-stack platform for secure access to liquidity and powerful developer tooling. This makes Arc uniquely suited for use cases like lending, capital markets, FX, and payments. What use cases does Arc support? Arc is an open EVM-compatible network capable of supporting a wide variety of use cases. Some of the key economic activity we envision Arc being suitable for includes: Onchain credit with offchain trust Capital markets settlement and tokenized collateral Stablecoin FX Agentic commerce Cross-border payments and payouts By combining blockchain efficiency with institutional standards, Arc empowers businesses to innovate safely on a trusted, neutral foundation. How can I get started building on Arc? Arc is a public network open to anyone to permissionlessly deploy and use — from developers and fintech startups to global enterprises. There are several ways to engage with the Arc ecosystem: Developers: Visit the Arc docs to start building and join the Arc Discord to collaborate with other Architects. Businesses and institutions: Contact your Circle rep to discuss partnership opportunities. Community members: Follow @Arc on X and join the Arc Discord for roadmap updates and ecosystem news. Arc is evolving rapidly — join early to help shape the future of the internet economy. The Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures (PFMI), Principle 8, states that Financial Market Infrastructure (FMI) should provide clear and certain final settlement — preferably intraday or in real time. Circle CCTP and Circle Gateway support a range of blockchains. Home //Build Documentation Explorer Faucet //Explore Blog Ecosystem Litepaper //connect Discord X //Subscribe for updates © 2025 Circle Internet Group, Inc. All rights reserved Terms Privacy Brand Kit Arc testnet is offered by Circle Technology Services, LLC (“CTS”). CTS is a software provider and does not provide regulated financial or advisory services. You are solely responsible for services you provide to users, including obtaining any necessary licenses or approvals and otherwise complying with applicable laws. Arc has not been reviewed or approved by the New York State Department of Financial Services. The product features described in these materials are for informational purposes only. All product features may be modified, delayed, or cancelled without prior notice, at any time and at the sole discretion of Circle Technology Services, LLC. Nothing herein constitutes a commitment, warranty, guarantee or investment advice.