Arcanum For full functionality of this site (searching, viewing images, maps and pdf files) it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser . Technologies Digitization Artificial Intelligence Historical Maps The Company Contact Services Arcanum Newspapers Arcanum Reference Library Arcanum Maps Hungaricana Česky Deutsch English Magyar Română Slovensky Digitizing is our passion Arcanum is an online publisher that creates massive structured databases of digitized cultural content See our services Services #Newspapers #Journals #Encyclopedias #Books Arcanum Newspapers is Eastern Europe's largest and continuously expanding digital periodical database, which contains domestic scientific and specialized journals, encyclopaedias, weekly and daily newspapers. Search millions of pages and browse the entire table of contents for free. Subscribers can see whole documents. Open database More information #Georeferenced maps We proudly present the historical maps and large map series of the Habsburg Empire and its successor states in an innovative way. Arcanum Mapsenables us to navigate historical maps using modern in-browser technologies including 3D visualization. The ever-expanding collection features large military surveys, even cadastral and city maps. This site makes more and more content available to the world in an intuitive interface, providing opportunity for international collaboration. Open database More information #Poetry #Literature #Encyclopedias #Bible At the dawn of the Hungarian multimedia CD-ROM publishing, we released our bestseller titles “The Bible” and “Verstár” (“Poem Collection”) in 1997. Later, we published more than 300 more titles covering all aspects of the Hungarian culture: encyclopedias, bibliographies, family stories, historical monographs. More than 20 years later, we share our most valuable publications for free. Open database More information The Company #project planning #digitization #database building #publishing #content operation We are offering you our experience of 30 years and 30 million digitized and published pages, cutting-edge infrastructure and innovative software environment for complete solutions. The Company Contact Technology Digitization Digitization of newspapers and books with simple scanners to robotic scanners Newspaper segmentation Article segmentation, reading order, title, caption detection, etc. Face recognition Find illustrated pages in our whole newspaper archive Natural Language Processing Find person or location names in our whole newspaper archive Historical maps Digital geography from maps of today back to sheets from the 17-18. centuries. Customer feedback It was fascinating to read the old, original documents. It almost brings the era to life before the reader's eyes. Fanni, high school student Without Arcanum, I can hardly progress in my research work today. In fact, using the complex search engine has opened up possibilities that were previously unimaginable. Zoltán Kristóf, researcher It was fantastic to find articles about my ancestors!! Thank you so much for your work! Today I just found a nice article about my great grandfather, but I can also download a lot of valuable information about my grandfather from your site! Thank you for that! Csilla Ohrné Bedő, pharmaceutical sales assistant The editors and authors of Revizor also regularly and profitably consult, or rather browse, the Arcanum database. Searching for past theatre performances, from the Színház journal of the year before last to the first issue of the Délibáb - Nemzeti Színházi Lap, in 1853. Ferenc László, revizoronline.com We would like to congratulate and thank you very much for this fantastic opportunity. I've had a little look at the archives, and it's just incredible. One moment I'm looking at my sporting achievements from 35 years ago, then 2 minutes later I'm looking at my grandfather's admission to the bar in 1940 from 71 year-old gazette. We wish you all the best of luck with this fantastic database and archive! I immediately became a subscriber of course! :) Krisztián Erdélyi Dr., lawyer, auditor Következő Előző Arcanum is an online publisher that creates massive structured databases of digitized cultural contents. The Company Contact Press room Services Arcanum Newspapers Arcanum Reference Library Arcanum Maps Hungaricana Technologies Digitization Artificial Intelligence Historical Maps Languages Česky Deutsch English Magyar Română Slovensky