Archi - Interior Design WordPress Theme Select Preview Features Layouts Supports Buy Now #1 Selling Interior Design Theme Archi is the "Best Selling Interior Design WordPress Theme". Perfectly suited your for interior design services. Archi made for experience, not just beauty but also high performance! Archi has bunch of features to make your website stand out. Buy Archi Now Select Preview show all niche original special onepage landing page side header coming soon header bottom fullscreen masonry minisite Original Dark Original Light New: Archi Gadern New: Archi Industry New: Studio Product Landing Arts Before After Multipurpose Dark Multipurpose Light New: Portfolio Minimal Fresh Masonry Dark Masonry Light Minisite Side Header Dark Side Header Light Modern Dark Modern Light Profession Dark Profession Light Modern Dark (slider) Modern Light (slider) Minimal Dark Minimal Light Header Bottom Dark Header Bottom Light Snowy Fullscreen Landing Page Dark Landing Page Light Onepage Dark Onepage Light Coming Soon Page Coming Soon Page (video) 0 Website Powered Theme Features Free Updates Yes, that's right. Free updates to our themes once you make a purchase! Top Notch Support We care about your site just as much as you do, we love to help! Awards Winning #1 Interior Design WordPress Theme on ThemeForest Responsive Design 100% Responsive with Bootstrap 3.X, iPad and iPhone compatible Easy Customization From layouts to fonts to countless color options, custom css, Drag and Drop layout. Pixel Perfect Themes OceanThemes design highest standards of clean design and keen attention to the smallest of details Slider Revolution For create unlimited sliders, No Coding Knowledge necessary! Visual Composer Help build your site easy, Drag & Drop page buider with 30+ custom web element. Woocommerce A powerful, extendable eCommerce plugin that helps you sell anything. Beautifully. Included Plugins Visual Composer Most Popular Content Builder, $45 Revolution Slider Most Popular Slider, $25 Custom Shortcodes Easy to create any layouts with our exclusive "OT Shortcodes". Create unlimited page layouts just by clicks. Unlimited page layouts 30+ custom Visual Composer modules. Advanced Theme Options Archi equipped with advanced theme options. Change almost all website settings just by clicks. Easy Shop Archi is integrated most WooCommerce. WooCommerce is a powerful, extendable eCommerce plugin that helps you sell anything. Beautifully. One Click Import Demo Archi equipped with 'one click import demo content' feature where you can get website looks and content instantly just by one click. 
							This beautiful feature will do the theme installation job for you (worth $50 on Envato Studio) straight out of the box. Just go to Archi Options > Demo Importer, and off you go! You will get all the demos just by one click! Navigation Options Classic Bottom Left Auto show Various Header Slider Parallax HTML 5 Video Youtube Moving Image Masonry Snow Effect Countdown Portfolio Layouts 2 Columns 3 Columns 4 Columns 2 Columns (wide) 3 Columns (wide) 4 Columns (wide) 2 Columns (carousel) 3 Columns (carousel) 4 Columns (carousel) Special Pages Pricing FAQ Shop Services Alternate #1 Most Selling Interior Design Theme Why People Love Archi I am giving this Developer a 5 star for everything!!! Firstly the design is great and secondly the support is amazing! They really help you and get back to you quickly. I am so happy I purchased this theme and would recommend it to everyone :-) Schlecks The Archi theme and demos were Ideal for a new realtor client I had, and the customers support was Amazing! They even worked a few of my suggests into asap theme updates and my clients and myself luved the amazing final result! THANK YOU Ocean Theme$! Sterlingwilliam The design of this template is superb. The layout very clean and easy on the eye. The code is very easy to customise and the support is great. This style of design works very much with our typographic ethos on design. That's why we rate this template top marks Frimponged The design of this theme is stunning and i'm very surprised how easy and flexible he is. Awesome Job ! One of the best theme i ever bought here. Hedley7d This is a beatifully crafted theme, easy to use and excellent customer support. It has monthly updates so everything works flawlessly. Keep the good work. Jonathanloaiza I love this theme! If you want you could modify CSS in the theme and it's not problem! Modern design results is bone ;) Thanks for theme! Imicadio I customized quite a lot on the theme and the result is exactly as I wanted. Thanks for an amazing support. MarionMG Both design and code are nicely done! and I also really like the way it keeps releasing newer updates! :) Hasansuhaib Support You Can Trust We have dedicated support team that ready to help you. All your question will answered  up to 24 hours. Open Support Desk View Video Tutorials Read Documentation Free 6 months of support by purchase Archi theme. Constantly Theme Update We put so many efforts on Archi theme to ensure this theme run great time to time. Update is free forever by purchase of Archi theme. View Update History Customer Showcase 0 Customers 0 Pages 0 Homepages Enjoy all features above for only $59 One time purchase only, no additional fee required! Buy Archi Now or Get Extended License