Products
Collections
Programs
Blog
About
Contact Us
Log in
Built at Internet Archive
The leading service for preserving and accessing digital cultural heritage
Products
Web Archiving

Archive-It is our user-controlled, web-based service for creating curated, publicly accessible web archives and born-digital collections.

Learn about Archive-It
Text & Data Mining

ARCH is our research and data processing service that helps users easily build, analyze and study large digital collections computationally and create datasets and data visualizations.

Learn about ARCH
Digital Preservation

Vault is our low-cost, easy-to-use digital repository and preservation service to store, manage, and preserve digital files and collections.

Learn about Vault
Learn more about other products

Featured Collections

Search and browse over 10,000 curated web archive collections.

Hartford Neighborhoods

This collection focuses on Hartford's Neighborhood Revitalization Zones (NRZs) and other groups supporting the city's neighborhoods.

View collection
Business & Technology

Collection documenting the business community in Kansas City, including chambers of commerce, entrepreneurship organizations, business Incubators, coworking organizations and individual enterprises.

View collection
Nonprofit & Education

Local educational organizations, social service entities and nonprofit organizations dedicated to the public good.

View collection
NLM Blogs and Social Media

A collection of blogs and social media from the National Library of Medicine.

View collection
New Brunswick schools

Information and articles regarding New Brunswick's K-12 schools.

View collection
Digital Games

Preserving Virtual Worlds collection focusing on standalone digital games.

View collection
UCS Columns

Opinion columns written by staff at the Union of Concerned Scientists.

View collection
Texas Black Artists Collective

An online collection of web pages documenting work by Black Artists in Texas.

View collection
Niagara Falls History

A collection of websites which document the history of Niagara Falls, NY.

View collection
See more collections

Our partners

Over 1,200 organizations in more than 45 countries—including higher education institutions, libraries, archives, governments, and nonprofits—use Archive-It to build and manage collections of digital records for long-term preservation and access.

University of Minnesota

The material in the University of Minnesota web archives document and preserve valuable online resources that complement...

View collections
Marshall Lyon County Library

The Marshall-Lyon County Library is comprised of three libraries in Southwestern Minnesota. We have locations in Marshall, Balaton, and...

View collections
Lincoln Center

Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts was founded in 1956 as “an experiment in cultural democracy” to make the...

View collections
Millicent Library

The Millicent Library is a 501(c)(3) public library for the town of Fairhaven, Massachusetts. Funding for construction of the library was...

View collections
Royal Ontario Museum

Opened in 1914, the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) showcases art, culture, and nature from around the globe and across the ages...

View collections
Mennonite Church USA

The Mennonite Church USA is an Anabaptist denomination with roots in the Radical Reformation of 16th century...

View collections
Alabama State Archives

The Alabama Department of Archives and History tells the story of the people of Alabama by preserving records and...

View collections
Mike Kelley Foundation for the Arts

The Mike Kelley Foundation for the Arts advances the artist’s spirit of critical thinking, risk taking, and provocation in the arts...

View collections
See more partner organizations

The Internet Archive, a 501(c)(3) non-profit, is building a digital library of Internet sites and other cultural artifacts in digital form. Our mission is to provide Universal Access to All Knowledge.

Archive-It
Products Collections Programs Blog About Contact Us