ARC Raiders About News & Community Embark X Discord Embark Studios Buy now About News & Community Embark Available now Steam Epic Games Store PlayStation 5 Xbox Series X|S GeForce NOW Buy now Watch trailer Latest news Free Raider Deck: The Goalie December 26, 2025 Cold Snap - tips and tricks from the devs December 20, 2025 Thank you, Raiders! December 18, 2025 Patch Notes Hotfix - Dec 18 December 18, 2025 See more articles Watch trailers Previous video Next video Previous video Next video enlist. resist ARC Raiders is a multiplayer extraction adventure, set in a lethal future earth, ravaged by a mysterious mechanized threat known as ARC. Enlist as a Raider and scavenge the surface to thrive in a desolate world. But beware of the machines. Beware of Raiders preying on others. An extraction adventure. ARC Raiders blends the tension from extraction shooters with atmospheric settings from the adventure genre. Lurking threats—from deadly machines to other Raiders—create a constant ebb and flow of intensity, where every moment is charged with the thrill of high stakes. Extract valuable loot and explore the unfolding mysteries of a vibrant, lethal world. Explore an immersive world. Lethal and bold but vibrant and beautiful, ARC Raiders offers an inviting take on the post-post-apocalypse. An immersive world built using Unreal Engine 5 where the remnants of Italy's rich history blend with brutal infrastructure for space travel. While lethal machines roam the dangerous surface, the cantina below ground still has food options. Shape your raider. What are you willing to risk to get what you want? As you step into the shoes of a Raider, you'll quickly realize all choices come with a consequence. ARC Raiders offers the freedom to shape your character both in terms of identity and playstyle with versatile mechanics making for a dynamic and approachable experience. Cross-platform social play. ARC Raiders supports seamless social play across PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Play with your squad and thrive as a team, or rise in the ranks as a lone ranger. Connect, collaborate, and compete, no matter where or how you play. Available now Select your platform Steam Epic Games Store PlayStation 5 Xbox Series X|S GeForce NOW Available now Select your platform Steam Epic Games Store PlayStation 5 Xbox Series X|S GeForce NOW Frequently Asked Questions What is included in the ARC Raiders Deluxe Edition? Can I upgrade my ARC Raiders Standard Edition purchase? Will an upgrade to the Deluxe Edition after launch unlock the Astro Bundle? Embark Studios Nexon Unreal Engine Twitch Drops Embark Creator Program Press & Media Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Security User Terms Back to Top Internet connection, Embark ID user account (+13), third-party platform account, and acceptance of the Embark Terms of Service and End User License Agreement are required to play, see our user terms: https://id.embark.games/arc-raiders/support/section/user-terms. Age restrictions apply (13+). Raider Tokens are an in-game currency in ARC Raiders. Raider Tokens can be used to get raider decks, bundles, or other cosmetic items, including outfits, backpacks, charms, emotes, Scrappy outfits, etc.

ARC RAIDERS © 2025 Embark Studios AB. ARC RAIDERS and EMBARK trademarks and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Embark Studios AB. NEXON trademark and logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NXC Corporation. © 2025 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC. PlayStation, the PlayStation Family Mark, PS5 and the PS5 logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc. Microsoft, the Xbox Sphere mark and Xbox Series X|S are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. © 2025 Valve Corporation. Steam and the Steam logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2025 Epic Games, Inc. All rights reserved. Epic, Epic Games, Epic Games Store, Unreal, Unreal Engine and their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Epic Games, Inc. in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and elsewhere. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo and the GeForce Now logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.