Arctic Wolf | We Make Security Work Search Experienced a Breach? Contact Us Blog EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) Español ( Spanish ) EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) Español ( Spanish ) Platform Platform How It Works Delivering security operations outcomes. Aurora Platform Collect, enrich, and analyze security data at scale. Alpha AI Leverage the power of scale and AI expertise. Platform Integrations Ecosystem integrations and technology partnerships. Concierge Concierge Delivery Model Tailored security expertise and guided risk mitigation. Arctic Wolf Security Teams Security experts proactively protecting you 24×7. Go Inside Our SOC Meet the security experts working alongside you and your team. Incident Response In Action Learn how our IR team stops attacks and swiftly restores your organization to pre-incident operations. Journey Security Journey Build a resilient business by embracing Security Operations. Cyber Resilience Assessment Map your security posture against industry standard frameworks. EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Solutions Reduce Attack Frequency Incident360 Retainer Receive end-to-end IR coverage for one incident, no matter the incident type. Managed Security Awareness ® Engage and prepare employees to recognize and neutralize social engineering attacks. Managed Risk Discover, assess, and harden your environment against digital risks. Reduce Attack Severity Aurora Endpoint Security AI-driven prevention, detection, and response to stop endpoint threats before they disrupt your business. Managed Detection and Response Quickly detect, respond, and recover from advanced threats. Incident Response Recover quickly from cyber attacks and breaches, from threat containment to business restoration. Experienced a Breach? Transfer Risk Security Operations Warranty Stay covered at no cost with up to $3M in financial assistance for cybersecurity incidents. Cyber Insurance Increase the likelihood of insurability, and potentially lower your rates. Cyber JumpStart Access a complimentary suite of tools to reduce risk and improve insurability. Get Started View All Arctic Wolf Solutions Explore Arctic Wolf Bundles EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Why Arctic Wolf Why Arctic Wolf Industry Analysis Awards & Recognition Customer Perspectives Security Operations Warranty Arctic Wolf Labs Expertise by Topic Compliance Solutions Ransomware Explained Incident Response Timelines Ransomware Attack & Containment Business Email Compromise Expertise by Industry Financial Services Healthcare State & Local Government Manufacturing Legal View All EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Resources Resource Center Blog Case Studies Events Analyst Reports Webinars Interactive Tools Podcasts Glossary Technical Videos View All Trending Resources 2025 Arctic Wolf Threat Report The Arctic Wolf Threat Report draws upon the first-hand experience of our security experts, augmented by research from our threat intelligence team. The Arctic Wolf State of Cybersecurity: 2025 Trends Report The Arctic Wolf State of Cybersecurity: 2025 Trends Report serves as an opportunity for decision makers to share their experiences over the past 12 months and their perspectives on some of the most important issues shaping the IT and security landscape. Aurora: A New Dawn For Cybersecurity Join Arctic Wolf on an interactive journey to discover a better path past the hazards of the modern threat landscape. View All Resources Security Bulletins December 29, 2025 CVE-2025-14847: MongoBleed Information Disclosure Vulnerability Exploited in the Wild December 19, 2025 CVE-2025-20393: Threat Campaign Targeting Cisco Secure Email Gateway, Cisco Secure Email and Web Manager December 19, 2025 CVE-2025-14733: WatchGuard Firebox iked Out of Bounds Write Vulnerability Exploited in the Wild VIEW ALL View All Bulletins EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Partners Partners Solution Providers Helping Solution Providers scale their business with a comprehensive portfolio of products and services. Cyber Insurance Providers Arctic Wolf provides the Insurance Partner Program for Brokers and Carriers to support them within the Cyber JumpStart portal. Technology Alliance Partners Ecosystem integrations and technology partnerships. Managed Service Providers Grow your business and solve your customers’ cybersecurity challenges with industry-leading turnkey security operations. OEM Solutions Arctic Wolf OEM Solutions enable ISVs, MSSPs, U.S. Federal Agencies, and security companies. Become a Partner EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Company Company About Us Contact Us Leadership Customers Careers Working at Arctic Wolf Open Jobs Our Values Pack Impact Press Newsroom Press Releases Brand Partnerships BWT Alpine Formula One Team Meyer Shank Racing Minnesota Vikings Minnesota Wild Alabama Crimson Tide EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo EXPERIENCED A BREACH? REQUEST A DEMO Home We make security work. AI-driven cybersecurity for seamless protection and unmatched resilience. ARCTIC WOLF SOLUTIONS Alpha AI Arctic Wolf’s Alpha AI represents an inflection point for Security AI: autonomously preventing advanced threats and automating labor intensive workflows. Learn More Now Available Aurora Endpoint Security Transform your endpoint protection with this AI-powered solution designed to make a meaningful difference in how your organization combats cyber risk. Learn More Guide Secure Your Cloud Migration With Arctic Wolf and AWS Report 2025 Gartner® Market Guide for Managed Detection and Response Report 2025 Human Risk Behavior Snapshot Trusted by over 10,000 organizations worldwide $ 3202806040003 The 2025 projected global cost of cybercrime Cybersecurity has an effectiveness problem. Today, security isn’t working for most organizations. Despite growing investments, breaches continue to appear in the headlines every day. We believe the cause of this paradox is because operationalizing security is too hard. Our company was built to make it work. Source 70% of security leaders
report that their organization experienced at least
one “significant cyber attack” in 2024 64% of the significant cyber attacks led to a loss of productivity lasting at least three months Only 25% of security leaders can say with any confidence that their organization had not suffered a breach in the last 12 months ALPHA AI The First AI-Enabled Cybersecurity Platform To Make Security Work Delivering Customer Benefits That End Cyber Risk 90% Reduced Frequency Make the world's largest SOC work for you, delivering business context, strategic guidance, and a stronger security posture. Proactive Security 90% Reduced Severity Activate a world-class security operations for automated threat protection, response, and remediation. Reactive Security $3M Financial Coverage Leverage incident readiness and response, warranty, and insurability solutions to minimize business risk in the event of a security incident. Risk Transfer The Arctic Wolf Difference Arctic Wolf Ends Our Customers’ Cyber Risk by Making Security Work Arctic Wolf’s unique combination of technology, security expertise, and risk transfer options provide end-to-end coverage to achieve security outcomes at an unprecedented scale. How It Works The Aurora TM Platform Our open XDR platform is your foundation for unified security operations. Learn More Concierge Delivery Model Continuous, tailored guidance to respond to threats when minutes matter. Learn More Security Journey Own the last mile of security with incident readiness and response, and warranty and insurability solutions. Learn More Driving Cyber Risk Down to Zero We empower customers of virtually any size to feel confident in their security posture, readiness, and long-term resilience. By combining our solutions with warranty offerings and helping you to demonstrate your insurability, we partner with each of our customers on their unique journey to end cyber risk. LEARN MORE Cybersecurity is a Team Sport With 250 integrations, more than 1,500 MSP and channel partners, 20 alliance partners, and a community of insurance brokers, carriers and law firms, Arctic Wolf is committed to helping you bring your risk down to zero. Learn how here INTEGRATIONS 0 + MSP & CHANNEL PARTNERS 900 + ALLIANCE PARTNERS 0 + Trusted & Proven The most consistently validated team in security operations. Customers’ Choice Distinction from Gartner ® Peer Insights™ - Managed Detection and Response Market Read More Arctic Wolf Recognized as a Leader in Frost & Sullivan Managed Detection and Response Report Read More Named a Leader in 2024 IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Managed Detection and Response Services Read More Named a Grid Leader for Managed Detection and Response Services Read More “Arctic Wolf’s unparalleled expertise and cutting-edge Aurora Platform will provide us with the confidence and protection necessary to safeguard our operations at every level, ensuring we can dedicate our full attention and energy to what matters most: winning races.” Ian Pearce Operations Director, BWT Alpine Formula One Team Learn More What Our Customers Say Ready to get started? We’re here to help. Reach out to schedule an introductory call with one of our team members and learn more about how Arctic Wolf can benefit your organization. General Questions: 1-888-272-8429 Arctic Wolf Resource Library pr@arcticwolf.com © 2025 Arctic Wolf GLOBAL HEADQUARTERS Arctic Wolf Networks 8939 Columbine Rd Eden Prairie, MN 55347 1.888.272.8429 𝕏 REQUEST A DEMO Solutions Managed Detection and Response Cloud Detection and Response Managed Risk Cloud Security Posture Management Managed Security Awareness Incident Response Company Contact Us Careers Leadership Newsroom Partners Why Partner with Arctic Wolf? Resources Blog Case Studies Webinars Events Analyst Reports Newsletter © 2025 Arctic Wolf Networks Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Notice Terms of Use Cookie Policy Accessibility Statement Information Security Sustainability Statement Cookies Settings