Commodity prices, forecasts, news & market analysis | Argus Media About Argus Careers Newsletter Customer support Login Argus Direct Argus Metals Argus Data Science Studio Argus Spot Ticker Argus O.M.R English 中文 German 日本語 Português Русский Español Commodities Commodities overview Crude oil Oil products Oil products overview Road fuels Biofuels and feedstocks Marine fuels Jet fuel Base oils and waxes Bitumen / Asphalt LPG/NGL Gas and power Gas and power overview Natural gas LNG Electric power Hydrogen Carbon markets Biomass Petroleum coke Coal Net zero Net zero overview Biofuels and feedstocks Carbon markets Ammonia Hydrogen Battery materials Biomass Electric power Chemicals Chemicals overview Methanol Polymers Light olefins Heavy olefins Aromatics Octane blending Chlor-alkali Polyurethanes Oleochemicals Fertilizers Fertilizers overview Ammonia Nitrogen NPKs Phosphates Potash Sulphur and sulphuric acid Sustainable and specialty fertilizers Metals Metals overview Steel Steel raw materials Battery materials Minor metals Rare earths Alloys Scrap Pipe and tube Base metals Agriculture Industries Industries overview Freight Upstream oil and gas Oil refining and distribution Biofuels production Aviation Petrochemicals Natural gas and power distribution Power generation Mining Industrial manufacturing Automotive Agri-industry Storage terminals Solutions Solutions overview Products Commodity prices Commodity prices overview Key price assessments Methodology Market news and commentary Analytics and forecasting Analytics and forecasting overview Near term outlooks Long term analytics Forward curves Data science and machine learning Consulting projects Business intelligence reports How we deliver How we deliver overview Client portal Argus Data Science Studio Argus Open Markets Argus Spot Ticker Channel partners Events Events overview Conferences Forums Webinars Our terms Industry events News and insights News and insights overview Latest market news Energy and commodity podcasts Market insight papers Market opinion and analysis blog Video insights Market highlight newsletters Topical market themes Methodology Methodology overview Browse Argus methodologies Key commodity prices Publishing schedule Governance and compliance Data documentation Speak to a specialist Search Search Search Search Search Search Commodities Commodities overview Crude oil Oil products Oil products overview Road fuels Biofuels and feedstocks Marine fuels Jet fuel Base oils and waxes Bitumen / Asphalt LPG/NGL Gas and power Gas and power overview Natural gas LNG Electric power Hydrogen Carbon markets Biomass Petroleum coke Coal Net zero Net zero overview Biofuels and feedstocks Carbon markets Ammonia Hydrogen Battery materials Biomass Electric power Chemicals Chemicals overview Methanol Polymers Light olefins Heavy olefins Aromatics Octane blending Chlor-alkali Polyurethanes Oleochemicals Fertilizers Fertilizers overview Ammonia Nitrogen NPKs Phosphates Potash Sulphur and sulphuric acid Sustainable and specialty fertilizers Metals Metals overview Steel Steel raw materials Battery materials Minor metals Rare earths Alloys Scrap Pipe and tube Base metals Agriculture Industries Industries overview Freight Upstream oil and gas Oil refining and distribution Biofuels production Aviation Petrochemicals Natural gas and power distribution Power generation Mining Industrial manufacturing Automotive Agri-industry Storage terminals Solutions Solutions overview Products Commodity prices Commodity prices overview Key price assessments Methodology Market news and commentary Analytics and forecasting Analytics and forecasting overview Near term outlooks Long term analytics Forward curves Data science and machine learning Consulting projects Business intelligence reports How we deliver How we deliver overview Client portal Argus Data Science Studio Argus Open Markets Argus Spot Ticker Channel partners Events Events overview Conferences Forums Webinars Our terms Industry events News and insights News and insights overview Latest market news Energy and commodity podcasts Market insight papers Market opinion and analysis blog Video insights Market highlight newsletters Topical market themes Methodology Methodology overview Browse Argus methodologies Key commodity prices Publishing schedule Governance and compliance Data documentation About Argus Careers Newsletter Customer support Login Argus Direct Argus Metals Argus Data Science Studio Argus Spot Ticker Argus O.M.R English 中文 German 日本語 Português Русский Español Speak to a specialist Speak to a specialist Register and we will customize a solution that meets your exact needs. When you speak to one of our experts, you may be qualified to sample our industry-leading products on a no-cost basis. You can unsubscribe from these updates at any time. We manage your personal data in accordance with our privacy policy . Close Speak to a specialist Trusted independent energy and commodity price benchmarks provider Argus publishes more than 40,000 energy and commodity prices. Our assessments are used as trusted references in physical supply and derivative contracts all over the world. Find out more Price forecasting and forward-looking research by recognised industry experts Through fundamentals data, data science, forward-looking price outlooks and strategy reports, we bring the future into focus to help you realise your opportunities. Find out more Argus Biofuels Europe Conference & Exhibition 20-22 October 2025, London, UK Connect with 700+ peers for high-impact networking and unmatched insights into the latest developments in biofuels, including SAF, marine biofuels, and evolving EU regulations. Find out more Delivering news on events shaping global energy and commodity markets The market news and commentary we publish reveal vital insights that enable you to make stronger, well-informed decisions. Find out more Webinar: How are mandates impacting the sustainable aviation fuel market? We have gathered our global market experts to present a two-part webinar series that delivers a comprehensive market analysis and the opportunity to join live Q&A sessions. Register now Trusted independent energy and commodity price benchmarks provider Commodity prices Analytics and forecasting Events and conferences Latest market news Spotlight content Trusted independent energy and commodity price benchmarks provider Latest insights Our team of 600+ commodity market experts keep you up-to-date on the energy and commodity markets as they evolve. Explore our latest complimentary written, audio and video content. Select News Podcasts Blog Insight papers Webinars Video insights News Viewpoint: Europe’s battery-driven recovery It is easy to be pessimistic about Europe's economy. But the continent's next
economic recovery may be built on something surprisingly concrete — mass
deployment of renewable energy and batteries. Europe's supply of cheap domestic
electricity is growing and storage additions are stabilising regional grids.
Electrification has stopped being a climate project and started to look like an
economic one. Batteries are at the centre of this, turning intermittent
renewable power into reliable industrial energy, and enabling a new electrical
economy that Europe is well placed to exploit. 30/12/25 News Viewpoint: NY carbon market faces continued delays 30/12/25 News Viewpoint: Data centers set to raise east US gas prices 30/12/25 News Viewpoint: EU policy to boost Asia spec tanker demand 30/12/25 News Viewpoint: Brazil freight rates rise on record soy crop 30/12/25 View all news Biomass and REGOs: Policy shifts ahead 24/12/25 Orphan Well Projects: Market Growth, Challenges and Outlook 24/12/25 The Crude Report: USGC waterborne crude 23/12/25 View all podcasts Blog Argus Recycled Polymers 2025 round up Argus' global team of reporters highlight some of the most noteworthy events shaping markets during the past 12 months 24/12/25 Blog LPG: View of the markets - December 2025 edition 23/12/25 Blog French corn: competing for growth in a shifting market 11/12/25 Blog Will Argentina's bumper wheat harvest lack protein? 02/12/25 Blog French wheat exports challenged by global oversupply 01/12/25 View all blogs Insight papers Northwest European propane markets in 2025 This paper reviews Northwest Europe’s propane market in 2025, covering price trends, oversupply, geopolitical shocks, US–China tariffs, and petrochemical demand shifts 23/12/25 Insight papers CBAM may hit EU potash demand from 2026 18/12/25 Insight papers European oil refining: Capacity for future volatility 16/12/25 Insight papers Argus expands lithium coverage for China, Australia as market evolves 16/12/25 Insight papers Spotlight on Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil/ Renewable Diesel 11/12/25 View all market insight papers Wednesday, 14 January, 2026 Global Hydrogen Outlook 2026 Live Thursday, January 22, 2026 From Brazil to the world: Corn market insights Live View all webinars Argus Global Market Insights December 2025 23/12/25 Curbing oil market risk in 2026 19/12/25 Power Generation Fuels Market Update - Nov 2025 09/12/25 Commodities we cover From upstream production to downstream end-uses, Argus illuminates complex and opaque commodity markets through accurate and reliable price discovery and actionable insight. Crude Oil As the leading price benchmark provider for global crude oil, Argus brings transparency to naturally opaque markets to enable trade efficiency. Oil products Price benchmarks and forward looking analysis for global refined oil products, including; road fuels, jet fuel, marine fuels, base oils and more. LPG/NGLs Market-leading price assessments, news, analysis, fundamentals data and price forecasting for the global LPG and NGL markets. Gas and Power Our benchmark price assessments, news and analysis give you vital insight into the key coal markets of Europe, Asia-Pacific, the Americas and Africa. Coal Our benchmark price assessments, news and analysis give you vital insight into the key coal markets of Europe, Asia-Pacific, the Americas and Africa. Net Zero Our global network of energy and commodity experts helps you understand how to navigate each aspect of the journey to net zero. Chemicals In-depth data and analysis on the global chemical markets, to help you to understand the industry, from the wellhead to end product. Fertilizers Our price reports, near-term outlooks and long-term analysis offer the most comprehensive market intelligence on the global fertilizer industry. Metals We published over 1,300 proprietary metals prices for regional markets across the world, along with in-depth news and analysis. Agriculture Pricing, analysis and forecasts to support your business, focusing on grains, oilseeds, vegoils, livestock and organic markets. Why Argus Argus Market Highlights These free email alerts keep you ahead of the rapidly changing energy and commodity markets with the latest news and insight from Argus, sent direct to your inbox. Sign-up now How we deliver our services Our products & platforms give you access across marketplaces Our wide range of delivery methods ensures you have instant access to the information you need whenever you need it, however you want it. Client portal Argus Direct® brings to life the data, news and analysis we publish, ensuring you have the latest insights at your fingertips. Find out more Argus Data Science Studio Using new machine learning technology for probabilistic forecasting and location-based trading data, the studio integrates physical and financial commodity prices. Find out more Argus Open Markets Argus Open Markets® is a web-based electronic platform enabling registered market participants to post bids, offers and initiate commodity deals in real time on the spot market. Find out more Channel partners We work with a range of carefully selected channel partners to ensure you can access the Argus data, news and insights directly within the platforms widely used across the industry. Find out more The Argus advantage Our people Our dedicated team of industry professionals are close to local markets, so you benefit not only from precise pricing data but the breadth of market intelligence at their fingertips. Data alone – no matter how accurate – is not sufficient. Find out more Methodologies The unique market insights we deliver are founded on a deep understanding of market mechanisms. Our methodologies for price discovery are transparent and firmly based on rigorous processes and specifications developed in consultation with market participants. Find out more Heritage For over 50 years, clients have benefited from the precise market intelligence delivered by Argus experts working collaboratively across the global commodity markets. Find out more Latest events We draw upon our deep industry expertise and widespread network of well-placed industry commentators to organise events across key energy and commodity markets around the world. 26-28 January 2026 Fertilizer Latino Americano Miami, Florida, US 2-4 February 2026 Argus Biomass Asia Conference Singapore 2-4 February 2026 Argus Americas Crude Summit Houston, Texas, US 2-4 February 2026 Argus Americas Crude Summit Houston, Texas, US 2-4 February 2026 Argus Global Base Oils Conference Central London, UK 2-4 February 2026 Argus Global Base Oils Conference Central London, UK 4-5 February 2026 Argus Oil Products. Caspian and Central Asia Markets Conference Dubai, UAE 4-5 February 2026 Argus Oil Products. Caspian and Central Asia Markets Conference Dubai, UAE View all events How can we help? No matter which side of the energy commodity market you are on, we remain committed to providing you with a clear focus on the intelligence that is relevant to you Price assessments Our prices are used as trusted reference points in physical supply and derivative contracts around the world. Market news The market news and commentary we publish reveals vital insights that enable you to make stronger, well-informed decisions. Analytics and forecasting Through fundamentals data, data science and forward-looking analysis, we bring the future into focus to help you realise your opportunities. Conferences Argus conferences are researched extensively, based on input and feedback from industry participants to best meet the needs of the markets. Consulting projects Through custom consulting projects, we deliver independent advice to help you unearth the unique insights you need. Training and support Our customer success specialists are on hand to help you get the most out of your Argus subscription. Speak to our experts today Register below and we will customise a solution that meets your exact needs. When you speak to one of our experts, you may be qualified to sample our industry-leading products on a no-cost basis. You can unsubscribe from these updates at any time. We manage your personal data in accordance with our privacy policy. Sign up to our free newsletter and get regular industry updates from Argus Sign up illuminating the markets By accessing this site you agree that you will not copy or reproduce any part of its contents (including, but not limited to, single prices, graphs or news content) in any form or for any purpose whatsoever without the prior written consent of the publisher. © 2025 Argus Media group. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Trademarks Copyright policy Terms of use Modern slavery statement Careers Customer support Contact us Sitemap