Cybersecurity Analytics and Monitoring Software, AristotleInsight Skip to content Products AristotleInsight AristotleK12 Blog Resources AristotleInsight Resources AristotleK12 Resources AristotleK12 Press Releases Cybersecurity Resources Contact Us Careers Products AristotleInsight AristotleK12 Blog Resources AristotleInsight Resources AristotleK12 Resources AristotleK12 Press Releases Cybersecurity Resources Contact Us Careers Request a Demo Customer Login Aristotleinsight Providing continuous visibility from the inside out. Schedule a Demo Providing you with continuous diagnostics and monitoring for: Configurations Continuously monitor current configurations and make comparisons against standards including DISA STIGs. Track changes to Active Directory, Permissions, and Policies — determine what changed, when the change occurred, and who made the change. View metrics to answer questions such as, “Who added a workstation to a domain?” and “When did this user receive administrative privileges?” Privileged User Management Receive immediate alerts on potentially dangerous activity involving administrative accounts. Discover privilege changes in real time, and maintain an accurate record of actions to protect against breaches from outside and within. Vulnerabilities Identify risks, direct the remediation process, and document the results. Thoroughly investigate risks with Continuous Diagnostics and Monitoring and maintain a detailed ledger of actions for board meetings and audits. Asset Inventory Improve your security posture by maintaining an accurate asset inventory of both hardware and software. View which machines didn’t correctly receive updates or pose a risk to your organization. Threat Analytics Protect against insider threats and indicators of attack with real-time alerts. Receive notifications of suspicious activities including USB usage, new processes with network activity, or traffic to blacklisted IPs. AristotleInsight in Action Unique Bayesian filtering and data-linking technology allow trends, summaries, and relationships between key security metrics to be shown in the high-level L3 dashboards. These dashboards naturally filter out anomalous activity to alert security professionals of areas needing attention and enable them to quickly pivot into the detailed data to investigate. AristotleInsight’s L2 layer presents reports
that direct processes and remediation efforts.
These reports enable you to identify areas
requiring attention, direct efforts to remediate
issues, and document the results of what
was changed, when it was changed, and
who made the changes. Low-level L1 reports present traditional
detailed data for things like logs, user
behavior, forensics, and assets. Utilizing
AristotleInsight’s near-instantaneous
updating, intuitive filtering, SIEM
functionality, and infinite scroll technology,
L1 reports allow security professionals to
find the detailed data they need quickly. Want more information on AristotleInsight and how it can help your organization? View Whitepapers and Case Studies Schedule a FREE demo and one of our engineers will walk you through the technology. Ready to see AristotleInsight in action for yourself? Contact us for more information AristotleInsight and AristotleK12 give you detailed data and streamlined reporting to maintain a safe, productive, and compliant workspace. Schedule a Demo to Find Out How Sergeant Laboratories 560 Lester Ave. Onalaska, WI 54650 United States 866-748-5227 info@sgtlabs.com Navigation AristotleInsight AristotleK12 Blog Resources Contact Us Social Media ©2025 Sergeant Laboratories. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Student Data Privacy Policy Website by Pronto Products AristotleInsight AristotleK12 Blog Resources AristotleInsight Resources AristotleK12 Resources AristotleK12 Press Releases Cybersecurity Resources Contact Us Careers Request a Demo Client Portal Request a Demo " * " indicates required fields Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * First Name Last Name Organization Email * Phone * Company * Choose Demo Product * AristotleInsight AristotleK12 How Did You Hear About Us * Search Engine (Google, Yahoo, etc.) Peer Referral Social Media Blog or Publication Trade Show Other Message Δ Request a Demo " * " indicates required fields URL This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * First Name Last Name Organization Email * Phone * Company * Choose Demo Product * AristotleInsight AristotleK12 How Did You Hear About Us * Search Engine (Google, Yahoo, etc.) Peer Referral Social Media Blog or Publication Trade Show Other Message Δ Close