Skip to content
Solutions
Industries
News & insights
About us
Login
Contact us
Driving change with driving data
Mobility data and insights to power your business
The largest driving behavior dataset tied to insurance claims
Driving behavior insights on over 40M drivers
Over two trillion miles of driving data
PRODUCT UPDATE
Arity Marketing Solutions

Introducing the newly enhanced Arity Marketing Solutions:
Arity has joined forces with Transparent.ly and LeadCloud to offer an enhanced suite of marketing solutions to help companies boost profitability and productivity.


Read more
REPORT
Arity’s annual driving behavior report
Driving trends for 2025

How have post-pandemic driver behaviors shifted this year, and what does that mean for your organization?

Read our report
Our top mobility data insights
Arity’s annual holiday driving behavior report
How do driving patterns shift before, during, and after major holidays?
Read our holiday driving report
QSR strategies for the holiday retail season
How can mobility data help you turn holiday retail shoppers into loyal QSR diners?
Read our QSR driving data report
Solving the driving safety crisis
We measured the rising dangers on our roads and propose solutions for a safer future.
Read our road safety report
How AI is driving the future of the mobility ecosystem
How can mobility businesses use AI to accelerate analysis and real-time decision-making?
Read about AI and mobility
Putting driving scores in consumers’ hands
Driving behavior data is a powerful tool for insurers - but only when drivers buy in.
Read about consumer driving scores
Industries we serve
Auto insurance
Enterprise-scale solutions for insurers
Auto insurance solutions
Marketing and advertising
Reach your best customers based on how, when, and where they drive
Marketing solutions
Public sector
Because one traffic fatality is too many
Public sector solutions
Mobile apps
Becoming an essential app starts with essential data
Mobile app solutions
Retail
Use mobility insights to power repeat visits
Retail solutions
Two trillion miles of driving data collected
Trusted by companies large and small
What people are saying about us
“With over a decade’s experience and broad data coverage, Arity helps customers develop efficient strategies to improve business and revenue opportunities while reducing operational costs. Its vehicle data solutions aid the business success of insurers and automotive and transportation industry participants.”
– Jagadeesh Chandran, Industry Principal at Frost & Sullivan

“I was impressed how the score was designed to explain additional “lift” over traditional rating variables.  This is an important distinction from other scores which are not all calibrated using insurance loss costs and are not specifically designed to work in conjunction with traditional rating plans.”

– Ben Kimmons, VP of Actuary and R&D, Southern Farm Bureau Casualty Insurance Company, 2021

A new startup called Arity…is doubling down on helping insurers build out a new model based on driver behavior, not car ownership or traditional demographic factors like gender, zip code, or vehicle model.

– Fast Company
 
  
  
Arity Marketing Platform
Reach millions of validated drivers segmented by driving behaviors
Display customized ads to the customers you seek across the entire customer journey using targeting based on actual driving behavior.
Explore our platform
 
  
  
Crash Detection
Ensure your users get help when they need it most
With integrations that personalize the experience for users, apps can contact and dispatch emergency help, alert loved ones, start the process of generating an insurance claim, and more.
Explore Crash Detection
 
  
  
Mobile Telematics Experiences
Telematics, customized for your business
Launch and iterate your program in market more quickly and easily than ever.
Explore telematics solutions
News & insights
BLOG POST
New Year’s Eve driving behavior trends 2025
When can you leave to avoid risk and traffic congestion?
Read blog post
BLOG POST
Christmas driving behavior trends 2025
When should you hit the road for the Christmas holiday?
Read blog post
BLOG POST
Thanksgiving driving behavior trends 2025
What might the roads look like on Thanksgiving and Black Friday?
Read blog post
NEWS
Unexpected Bay Area route to see peak congestion during Thanksgiving…
Bay Area travelers should brace themselves for sprawling traffic next week as drivers brave the roads to make it in time…
SFGATE
Read article
Follow us
Instagram
 
Linkedin
Get in touch
PO Box 227238
Dallas, TX 75222-7238
info@arity.com
Quick links
Privacy statement
Accessibility statement
Your privacy choices 
Consumer rights under FCRA
CA Notice at Collection
©2025 Arity. All rights reserved.

Arity is a mobility data and analytics company that provides data-driven solutions to companies invested in transportation, enabling them to deliver mobility services that are smarter, safer, and more economical. Arity collects and analyzes trillions of miles of driving data to create a greater understanding of how people move. With the world’s largest driving dataset tied to insurance claims collected through mobile devices, in-car devices, and vehicles themselves, Arity derives unique insights that help insurers, developers, marketers, and communities understand and predict driving behavior at scale.

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies for analytics, advertising and other purposes as described in our privacy statement. To opt out of other non-essential cookies and other tracking technologies, select “Reject non-essential cookies.”
Continue
Reject non-essential cookies
Cookies settings