Arizona Sports 98.7: The Local Sports Leader! Close Log In/Sign Up ArizonaSports.com Home Listen Live Top Stories Watch Podcasts Dan Bickley KTAR.com Shows Bickley & Marotta Wolf & Luke Burns & Gambo Complete Lineup... Teams Cardinals Suns D-backs Sun Devils Wildcats Mercury 'Lopes Special Sections Character Counts Haboob Blog Threads Arizona Sports On-Air Schedule Arizona Sports Apps Contests and Events Newsletter YouTube Facebook Instagram X Text Alerts Everyday Strong Scoreboard KTAR NEWS ARIZONA SPORTS | Log In/Sign Up Top Stories Listen Watch Podcasts Contests Menu THE LATEST Staying or going? Cardinals head coach Jonathan Gannon 2 hours ago ASU's Kyndrich Breedlove, Duke's Landen King both ejected late in 1st half of Sun Bowl 5 hours ago Cardinals WR Marvin Harrison Jr. out; Walter Nolen III and Garrett Williams have surgery Grayson Allen out vs. Cavs; Ryan Dunn good to go Top 10 storylines of 2025 between the Cardinals, Suns, ASU and D-backs How to watch Arizona State vs. Duke in the Sun Bowl TOP STORIES Jeff Sims puts forth career effort vs. Duke but ends Sun Bowl with backbreaking interception Phoenix Suns Suns unable to finish comeback attempt in loss to Cavaliers ASU Football ASU's Jalen Moss leaps into oversized bowl of Frosted Flakes after 44-yard touchdown catch Arizona Cardinals Injury Report Cardinals-Rams injury report: Josh Sweat, Budda Baker working through injuries Casino Arizona and Talking Stick Resort Studio What's On Tonight 12:00 pm - Duke @ Arizona State Radio - ESPN 620 AM / 98.7 FM HD-2 TV - CBS 1:30 pm - Suns @ Cavaliers Radio - Arizona Sports 98.7 TV - AZ Family 3TV/Suns+ Next 7 Days Arizona Sports Poll What was the game of the 2025 calendar year in Valley sports? ASU's Peach Bowl loss Perdomo walks off LA ASU beats Texas Tech Gillespie's game-winner Loading ... Watch 8 mins Can Monti Ossenfort redeem himself this offseason? If so, how? 9 mins Arizona Sports Year in Review: Top 2025 storylines for Valley... 6 mins Can the Phoenix Suns jump the Lakers and Timberwolves in... 9 mins A Cardinals breakdown with Patrick Peterson 9 mins Could ASU sign a player who has been drafted into... 9 mins Will Arizona Cardinals head coach Jonathan Gannon be back for... 7 mins Was Mark Williams deserving of his one-game suspension? 7 mins QB or OL? What do the Arizona Cardinals need more? 10 mins How likely is a Joe Burrow trade for the Arizona... 9 mins Are the Phoenix Suns becoming Dillon Brooks' team? 16 mins Phoenix Suns postgame: Jordan Ott, Mark Williams & Jamaree Bouyea... 9 mins Could Kyler Murray end up playing AGAINST the Arizona Cardinals... 55 mins Ain't No Fang: Picking the All-21st Century Diamondbacks 12 mins Is Jonathan Gannon the problem? Patrick Peterson weighs in on... 9 mins How do Cardinals approach final two games of the season? Find us on your phone, YouTube and your inbox Download the app to listen live, receive breaking news and more Sign up for daily news, or our Cardinals and Suns coverage Watch us live or on-demand on YouTube Arizona Cardinals Bailey Leasure CBS Sports' Wilson mocks Alabama QB Ty Simpson to Cardinals in 2026 NFL Draft CBS Sports' Ryan Wilson mocked the Cardinals to take Alabama quarterback Ty Simpson in the first round of the 2026 NFL Draft. Tyler Drake Staying or going? Cardinals general manager Monti Ossenfort Changes are coming for the Arizona Cardinals. But just how high up do they start once the offseason takes hold? Tyler Drake Larry Fitzgerald a finalist for 2026 Pro Football Hall of Fame class Larry Fitzgerald on Tuesday was voted as one of 15 finalists for the Pro Football Hall of Fame class of 2026. Damon Allred Jonathan Gannon 'absolutely' expects to return as Cardinals coach in 2026 Cardinals head coach Jonathan Gannon "absolutely" believes he'll return as Arizona's lead man in 2026, he told Arizona Sports on Monday. Kevin Zimmerman Cardinals-Rams set for afternoon kickoff in NFL Week 18 schedule The Arizona Cardinals' season finale against the Los Angeles Rams will kick off at 2:25 p.m. MST on Sunday and air on FOX. Damon Allred 2026 NFL Draft names to know with Cardinals in top 5 entering last game The Cardinals are slotted into the No. 5 spot of the 2026 NFL Draft entering the final week of the regular season. Who are the top prospects at positions of need? Phoenix Suns Payne Moses Jordan Goodwin loves coaching staff's confidence in him. He's a big Rasheer Fleming fan, too Jordan Goodwin is thriving in his second stint as a Phoenix Sun and his "free will" in the team's system extends to lending a hand to rookies. Payne Moses Jalen Green hit with $25,000 fine for profanity in interrupted postgame interview Suns guard Jalen Green has been fined for using profane language during a live postgame interview on Monday following Phoenix's win over the Washington Wizards. Kellan Olson Suns keep up tireless effort on glass to beat Wizards It was more of the same from the Phoenix Suns on Monday, a win over an inferior opponent in not the most convincing of fashions. Damon Allred Ryan Dunn, Grayson Allen out for Suns; Mark Williams to serve suspension vs. Wizards Suns forward Ryan Dunn is out against the Wizards on Monday with a knee issue that also kept him out of Saturday's game at New Orleans. Kevin Zimmerman Watch the Nike Book 2 teaser trailer Devin Booker's second iteration of his Book sneaker, the Nike Book 2, will launch to the public on Jan. 2. Damon Allred Mark Williams suspended 1 game, Jose Alvarado gets 2 for fight during Suns-Pelicans Mark Williams was suspended one game and Jose Alvarado got two games for their fight during Suns-Pelicans on Saturday. Arizona State Sun Devils Associated Press Unlikely ACC champion Duke to end campaign against ASU in Sun Bowl on New Year's Eve ACC champion Duke is set to face ASU on Wednesday, as both programs attempt to cap solid seasons with key players opting in and deciding not to play. Bailey Leasure Bobby Hurley says ASU is looking into making James Nnaji-type addition ASU men's basketball head coach Bobby Hurley said the program is looking into making a move similar to Baylor's signing of 2023 NBA Draft pick James Nnaji. Damon Allred ASU bringing Sparky helmets to Sun Bowl for 1st time since 2004 matchup Arizona State will bring its traditional Sparky helmet to the Sun Bowl on Wednesday after wearing pitchfork helmets the previous three times it's been in the El Paso setting. Damon Allred Sun Bowl QB plan: How much will Jeff Sims, Cam Dyer play for ASU? Looking at how much each of Arizona State's quarterbacks, Jeff Sims and Cam Dyer, will play in the Sun Bowl against Duke, which will have its big-ticket quarterback Darian Mensah. Payne Moses Rate Bowl: Jalen Smith snatches TD to lift Minnesota over New Mexico in OT Minnesota kept its bowl game winning streak going in overtime at the Rate Bowl after receiver Jalen Smith hauled in his second touchdown to survive New Mexico. Damon Allred Kyle Whittingham reportedly to take Michigan job as Kenny Dillingham remains at ASU Michigan will reportedly fill its head coaching vacancy with former Utah coach Kyle Whittingham following Kenny Dillingham's new deal with ASU. Podcasts Listen to the Arizona Sports 98.7 show podcasts. Exclusive interviews from the Cardinals, Suns, D-backs and ASU. Bickley & Marotta 6-10 a.m. Wolf & Luke 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Burns & Gambo 2-6 p.m. Arizona Diamondbacks Payne Moses Corbin Carroll records MLB's fastest triple of 2025, Josh Naylor the slowest home run Diamondbacks outfielder Corbin Carroll not only led MLB in triples last season but registered the fastest triple time in baseball. And several times over, too. Payne Moses 2025 D-backs-Cubs game with 10-run 8th inning weaved into latest Knives Out film The 24-run April game between the Diamondbacks and Cubs served as a notable Easter egg in the latest installment of the Knives Out mystery film franchise. Payne Moses D-backs signing Alex Bregman a 'longshot' as Ketel Marte trade front is quiet The recent holiday stretch on the calendar didn't shake anything loose in regard to Alex Bregman and the Arizona Diamondbacks. Kevin Zimmerman What do the Cardinals, Suns, D-backs and Sun Devils want under the tree? If our Arizona sports teams are giddy pre-teens this Christmas Day, what gifts do the Cardinals, Suns and D-backs hope to see under the tree? Alex Weiner What relievers are left as Diamondbacks need to upgrade bullpen? To present a layout of the market, here are 10 free agent relievers still available with possible upside as the Diamondbacks look for upgrades. Alex Weiner Merrill Kelly says Diamondbacks were 'first ones in the door' to make offer this offseason Merrill Kelly credited the Diamondbacks for being the first team to offer him a contract this offseason after trading him in July. Featured Audio Shows and podcasts can be listened to on ArizonaSports.com or the Arizona Sports app. Empire of the Suns Podcast Cardinals Corner State of the Sun Devils Character Counts Damon Allred Boulder Creek senior Joshua Hyvarinen brings church background, service to the ice Boulder Creek High School senior Joshua Hyvarinen has a track record of service with his church, one that's helped him become a hockey captain. Payne Moses Peats by Dre: Koa Peat surprises teammates with Beats headphones for Christmas Spirits were already lifted high in the camp of No. 1 Arizona, and star freshman Koa Peat raised them ever so higher with some holiday gift-giving. David Veenstra Barry Goldwater junior Makena Jordan uses unique experience to empathize with others Barry Goldwater High School junior Makena Jordan has a passion for serving others and it all stems from a unique personal experience. Phoenix, Arizona USA Contact Us Contest Rules Follow on Facebook Follow on X Email Alerts Employment FCC Applications ArizonaSports.com | DenverSports.com | KSLSports.com | SacTownSports.com | SeattleSports.com AIM Digital Agency © 2026 Bonneville International. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Video Policy | Do Not Sell My Data | 
                All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report: KTAR-FM | KMVP-FM | KTAR(AM) Copyright Infringement Licensing FCC Public File: KMVP-FM • KTAR-AM | 
                FCC Station Representative: Erin Garrett • egarrett@bonneville.com • 
                602.200.2638