Skip to main content
Search
search
Resources 
I am
Select your audience
choose an option
a future student
a current student
a faculty or staff member
a parent or visitor
an alumni member
a donor
a business or partner
Go
to the page for that group

Visit

Apply

Main navigation
Admissions
Academics
Research
Student Life
About
News
Alumni
Give
Athletics
Holiday Bowl Bound

On Friday, January 2 the Wildcats will face the SMU Mustangs at Snapdragon Stadium in San Diego. Don’t miss a moment of the action – it’s been a season to remember!

Tickets & Info

Explore the Possibilities

Undergraduate Majors

Graduate Students

Admissions Overview

Tuition & Aid

 

Wishing You a Joyful Holiday Season

From all of us at the University of Arizona, thank you for being part of our Wildcat community. We’re grateful for our students, alumni, faculty, staff, and supporters. Here’s to a bright season and an inspiring year ahead.

Your Future Awaits

Find your degree program – Arizona offers more than 150 majors and programs of study in 21 different degree-granting colleges and schools. From the Eller College of Management to the state's only College of Medicine, our exceptional programs and dedicated faculty provide the foundation for your dreams to become reality. Not sure where to start? Explore your options at the A Center to help you find the perfect path.

Colleges & Schools Explore Options

$1 BILLION+

FY2024 Research
Expenditures (2024)

#1 IN THE SOUTHWEST

Times Higher Education
World University Rankings (2026)

54K+ STUDENTS

54,384 Enrolled
Students (Fall, 2025)

What's Happening at Arizona

The latest news and stories from the University of Arizona.

Image
Famous faces, balanced budgets and big ideas: Top U of A stories of 2025
Dec. 16, 2025

The University of Arizona was home to countless research discoveries, programmatic successes and other historic milestones throughout 2025.

Read more at University of Arizona News
Image
U of A College of Medicine – Phoenix and Onvida Health announce groundbreaking rural health partnership
Dec. 4, 2025

The University of Arizona College of Medicine – Phoenix and Onvida Health are partnering to launch Arizona's first rural regional medical school branch.

Read more at University of Arizona News
Image
A November to remember: Arizona Athletics sets new standard for success
Dec. 3, 2025

Arizona Athletics delivered major victories on the field, on the court and in the classroom throughout the month of November.

Read more at University of Arizona News
All News Stories

The Universe is Our Classroom

From capturing the first image of a black hole to leading asteroid sample-return missions, the University of Arizona's discoveries in space are shaping the future. We don’t just study space – we lead the missions, build the instruments, and train the minds that answer the previously unanswered questions about the universe.

Arizona's Impact in Space

Ways to Attend

Main Campus

This is Wildcat country – a true college town surrounded by mountains in Tucson, Arizona. Hundreds of degree choices; millions of opportunities.

Tucson

Online

Your education on your schedule. Earn the same degree as on-campus students. Same faculty. Same curriculum. With 100% online flexibility that helps you reach your goals.

Anywhere

Near You Network

Bringing the University of Arizona closer to you. Locations in Chandler, Douglas, Gilbert, Nogales, and Yuma that offer an Arizona education, across the state.

See Locations

International

Experience world-class education, anywhere. Flexible, online programs that create global opportunity and connections – designed for you.

International

The Arizona Impact

From creating climate solutions in the Sonoran Desert to collecting asteroid samples with NASA through ​​OSIRIS-REx, University of Arizona Wildcats are making transformational research discoveries in space, the environment, health, the human experience, and more. Arizona is a top-ranking, research-focused public institution with hands-on opportunities as early as students’ first year.

Learn About Research

Information and Resources

 

Scholarships & Financial Aid

Financial opportunities available from first-year to doctoral students.

Scholarships & Aid

Academic Calendar & Deadlines

Upcoming dates, deadlines, and things to do to add to your schedule.

Important Dates

Campus Map

How to get to where you need to go on the University of Arizona campus.

Interactive Map

See Yourself Here

Embrace the spirit of “Bear Down” – a funny phrase that Wildcats are serious about. Discover life at the University of Arizona, where hundreds of student clubs and organizations, a community that embraces the Wildcats, legendary athletics, and more help you become the best version of you.

Student Life Housing Virtual Tour

Don't Miss a Moment

Explore the latest from the Wildcats and the University of Arizona on our social media channels. 

Image
Image
FOOTER - MAIN
Employment
Emergency Information
Nondiscrimination
Campus Safety
Copyright
Campus Accessibility
Feedback
Contact Us

The University of Arizona | Tucson, Arizona 85721 | 520‑621‑2211

INFORMATION FOR
Future Students
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni & Donors
Parents & Visitors
Corporations & Businesses
TOPICS
About the University
Academics
Arts & Museums
Athletics & Recreation
Campus Store
Colleges, Schools, Departments
Environment & Sustainability
International Engagement
Health & Medical
Libraries
Research & Innovation
Purpose, Mission & Values
RESOURCES
A-Z Directory
Calendars
Campus Map
News
Phonebook
Weather
CONNECT
Facebook
X, formerly Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube

We respectfully acknowledge the University of Arizona is on the land and territories of Indigenous peoples. Today, Arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with Tucson being home to the O’odham and the Yaqui. The university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign Native Nations and Indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.

University Information Security and Privacy

© 2025 The Arizona Board of Regents on behalf of The University of Arizona.