Arkham Exchange Exchange Intel Swap New Platforms Markets Trade More Buy Crypto Markets Trade Points Program More ARKM Search / Log In Sign Up NEW CUSTOMERS EARN UP TO $100 Buy Bitcoin, ETH, SOL, and many other cryptocurrencies. Start Trading Now Start Trading Now Industry Partners Arkham Exchange Track The Chain. Trade The Chain. Transparent Proof of reserves Learn how Arkham fully backs user funds. From The Team Behind Arkham Intel We built the #1 on-chain analytics platform, used by millions of traders & investors. Trading Tutorials How to Trade on Arkham Exchange Learn how to get started trading on Arkham Exchange with these simple step-by-step guides. How to Deposit Funds How to Deposit Funds Learn how to make your first deposit now. Learn How to Deposit Funds How to Trade Spot How to Trade Spot Learn how to trade Bitcoin, Ethereum and other popular coins on Spot. Learn How to Trade Spot How to Trade Perps How to Trade Perps Learn how to trade perps responsibly with Arkham. Learn How to Trade Perps Affiliate Program Invite Your Friends to Earn Fee Commissions + Arkham Points Earn 50% of all trading fees paid by your referrals + 100 Arkham points for users who deposit to the Arkham Exchange. Invite a Friend FAQ What's the difference between Arkham Intelligence and Exchange? Arkham Intel is a blockchain analytics platform that deanonymizes the people and companies behind blockchain wallets & transactions. It shows you what top traders, hedge funds, whales and governments are buying, selling, holding and who they're transacting with. Arkham Exchange is a transparency-first, fully backed crypto exchange offering both spot and perpetuals trading for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. It's available to traders around the world, including several US states. Why do I need to pass KYC? Passing KYC (Know Your Customer) is a quick and essential step to ensure the security of your account and the Arkham Exchange. It's a simple process that'll only take a few minutes. It confirms your identity, protecting you from fraud and unauthorized access – safeguarding your assets while keeping us compliant with global regulations. How do I deposit funds to the exchange? You can deposit funds from a number of wallets directly onto the Arkham Exchange. Head over to the assets page and click Deposit on any of the available assets – set the deposit network, and Arkham will generate a unique deposit address for you to transfer your funds to, crediting your account. You can then begin trading. How can I be sure that my funds are safe? You can see a full, transparent proof of reserves of Arkham's backing of user funds at any time. We built the world's leading on-chain analytics platform used by millions of traders and investors, with a vision to raise the transparency & trustworthiness of the entire cryptocurrency market. The Arkham Exchange is built with these same principles in mind. How can I use the Arkham Intel technology to trade on the Exchange? You can use Arkham Intel to set alerts on any on-chain transaction, build custom dashboards of market and blockchain data, learn from what top traders are buying and selling, and analyze the P&L of your own, or others', wallets – alongside a number of other cutting-edge features built with traders in mind. Many of our users use Arkham Intel to do research – and then use Arkham Exchange to conveniently execute their trade ideas. Start Trading With Arkham Sign Up Connecting... Terms of service Privacy policy SUPPORT