Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer
Products
Markets
Partners
Developers
Support & Training
Company
The Future of AI is
Built on Arm

AI is transforming every major market — from the largest datacenters to the smallest personal devices.

Watch How
Arm Technology is Solving Some of the Greatest Challenges for Everyone
Advancing Healthcare

From faster diagnoses to intelligent real-time monitoring, Arm powers AI that’s transforming patient care.

Learn More
Powering Innovation

Arm powers real-time precision—turning data into faster, smarter decisions at the edge.

Learn More
Enabling Next-Gen Wearables

Arm AI enables real-time insights, improved health tracking, and always-on performance.

Learn More
Latest Highlights


Arm 2026 Tech Predictions

 

See 20 predictions to shape the next wave of AI and technology innovations in 2026.

See Predictions
 


Arm at CES 2026: Powering the Intelligent Era

 

Discover how Arm is enabling AI-ready devices and redefining compute— from silicon to smart vehicles—at the world’s leading tech event.

Explore Arm at CES
 



Tech Unheard

 

Jayshree Ullal, CEO of Arista Networks, joins host and Arm CEO Rene Haas to talk about her path from engineer to executive.

Listen to Podcast
 


35 Years of Advancing Innovation

 

Discover how decades of Arm innovation continue to deliver efficiency, scalability, and ecosystem advantages shaping the future of computing.

Explore Story
 


Rivian’s New Autonomy Platform is Built on Arm

 

Learn how Rivian’s RAP1 chip uses Arm technology to deliver the performance, safety, and efficiency required for next-generation mobility.

Learn More
 


Enhancing Mobile Experiences with On-Device AI

 

The next generation of applications is built on the Arm Lumex platform, bringing faster and more intelligent AI to every smartphone.

Discover Arm Lumex
Delivering Unmatched Scale
100%

of the connected global population
touches Arm-based products

325B+

Arm-based chips shipped
to date

22M+

Software developers
on Arm

Performance and Efficiency
that Powers AI Everywhere

Arm Compute Subsystems (CSS) help our silicon partners speed time to market, while focusing valuable design resources on building differentiated, market-customized solutions at scale.


IoT
Arm Corstone balances trade-offs between performance and energy efficiency.

Learn More

Datacenter and Cloud
Arm Neoverse CSS offers a proven, accelerated path to datacenter silicon.

Learn More

Mobile and PC
Arm Lumex CSS offers flagship on-device AI performance with unmatched efficiency and developer readiness.

Learn More

Automotive
Arm Zena CSS delivers high-performance, efficient, and scalable computing solutions for the automotive industry.

Learn More

Powering Tomorrow's
Innovation, Today

Arm technology provides high-performance, power-efficient intelligence as the foundation for advanced applications and disruptive business models.

AI
 
IoT
 
Automotive
 
Consumer Technologies
 
Infrastructure

The Future of AI is on Arm

Arm’s energy-efficient foundations and pervasive footprint from cloud to edge make us the AI platform the world can rely on, both today and in the future.

Overview
Machine Learning
Generative AI
Agentic AI
Building Scalable AI Infrastructure from Cloud to Edge

Learn how Arm cloud-to-edge blueprint helps enterprises design smarter, more efficient AI compute platforms that reduce cost, improve performance, and scale seamlessly.

Scalable Vehicle Intelligence
Arm and Volkswagen: Advancing Software-Defined Vehicles

Volkswagen is using Arm-based compute to scale AI-driven, software-defined vehicles to enable secure, efficient performance across next-generation automotive platforms.

Explore Story
Vision Intelligence
Arm and Himax: Enabling Ultra-Low Power Edge AI

Always-on, ultra-low-power vision AI from Arm and Himax is enabling smarter, more capable sensing in compact edge devices.

Explore Story
AI-Driven Mobile Experiences
Arm and Alipay: Powering Intelligent Mobile Experiences

Alipay leverages Arm technology to deliver efficient on-device AI for fast, intelligent mobile services at massive global scale.

Explore Story
Arm + Volkswagen
Arm + Himax
Arm + Alipay
Leadership and Vision
Tech Unheard Podcasts

Rene Haas in conversation with industry leaders as they discuss AI, industry trends, and more.

Listen to Podcasts
Shaping the Future

New perspectives on the future of AI, business transformation, and silicon-driven innovation.

Read Insights
Arm Newsroom

Stay up to date with the latest Arm news, blogs, and press releases.

Visit Newsroom
Stay Connected

Stay on top of the latest news and updates from Arm

Subscribe
Products
CPUs & NPUs
Mali GPUs
Security IP
Subsystem IP
System IP
Development Tools
License Arm Technology
Architecture
Learn the Architecture
CPU Architecture
System Architecture
Architecture Security Features
Partner Ecosystem
Join Partner Program
See All Partners
AI Partners
Automotive Partners
IoT Partners
Support & Training
Documentation Hub
Downloads
Contact Support
Support Forum
Training
Design Reviews
Education
Research
Company
Leadership
Investors
Arm Offices
Newsroom
Careers
Quality
Trust Center
Suppliers
 English 
Terms & Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Suppliers
Accessibility
Subscription Center
Trademarks
Modern Slavery Statement
Glossary
Copyright © 1995-2025 Arm Limited (or its affiliates). All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All Accept All Cookies