Armstrong World Industries | Armstrong Ceilings & Walls Solutions Armstrong World Industries Your browser is out of date and some functionality on this site may be not be supported. Please consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser for the best possible experience. Update My Browser AWI Expands Wood Capabilities with Acquisition of Geometrik For Commercial Spaces For the Home Company All Armstrong Solutions For Commercial Spaces For the Home Company Contact Us 1-877-ARMSTRONG Contact Us 1-877-ARMSTRONG Contact Us 1-877-ARMSTRONG Contact Us Armstrong Experience, Above All™ Main Menu Products About Us Careers Investors Press Room Building Resiliency Sustainability More More Categories Main Menu Products About Us Careers Investors Press Room Building Resiliency Sustainability Always Moving Forward From innovative products and brands, to comprehensive services that bring your design to life, we’re constantly evolving to redefine the built environment. From innovative products and brands, to comprehensive services that bring your design to life, we’re constantly evolving. See What’s New Experience, Above All At Armstrong World Industries, we imagine and enable new possibilities every day. We are redefining how the environment in which we live, work, learn, heal and play can become smarter, energy-efficient, healthier and more inspiring for all. At Armstrong World Industries, we imagine and enable new possibilities every day. We are redefining how the environment in which we live, work, learn, heal and play can become smarter, energy-efficient, healthier and more inspiring for all. Explore Our Vision A Leader in Innovation Our commitment to technology and innovation drives solutions like TEMPLOK Energy Saving Ceilings, the first in a series of products designed to cut energy use and reduce carbon emissions in the built environment. Our commitment to technology and innovation drives solutions like TEMPLOK Energy Saving Ceilings, design to cut energy use. Learn More Always Moving Forward From innovative products and brands, to comprehensive services that bring your design to life, we’re constantly evolving to redefine the built environment. From innovative products and brands, to comprehensive services that bring your design to life, we’re constantly evolving. See What’s New Experience, Above All At Armstrong World Industries, we imagine and enable new possibilities every day. We are redefining how the environment in which we live, work, learn, heal and play can become smarter, energy-efficient, healthier and more inspiring for all. At Armstrong World Industries, we imagine and enable new possibilities every day. We are redefining how the environment in which we live, work, learn, heal and play can become smarter, energy-efficient, healthier and more inspiring for all. Explore Our Vision We Bring Your Spaces to Life Commercial Solutions Where Vision Meets Function Explore Commercial Solutions PROJECTWORKS Services Elevate the Design Experience Explore PROJECTWORKS Kanopi by Armstrong Ordering and Delivery Made Simple Explore Kanopi Explore Solutions by Market Segment Office Explore > Healthcare Explore > Education Explore > Transportation Explore > Leisure & Hospitality Explore > Retail Explore > Residential Explore > Restaurant & Bar Explore > Controlled Environments Explore > A Legacy Brand Always Moving Forward See Our Family of Brands > Since 2016, Armstrong World Industries has focused on expanding our reach throughout North America with products and brands that can meet the ever-evolving design and functional needs of our customers. See Our Family of Brands > View Products Learn More View Products Learn More View Products Learn More View Products Learn More View Products Learn More View Products Learn More View Products Learn More Innovating for the Future For more than 160 years Armstrong has invested in manufacturing excellence, market-driven innovation, and strategic acquisitions that broadened our portfolio of products and solutions. This includes our innovative TEMPLOK Energy Saving Ceilings which help save on energy costs and usage. Plus, these ceilings may qualify for up to 50% in Investment Tax Credits. Explore Energy Saving Ceilings Learn About Tax Credits From Vision to Reality Every project is unique with specific requirements. From small, standard product layouts to large, custom ceiling concepts, PROJECTWORKS supports it all. Design Support for Standard Solutions As a project journeys from schematic design through material installation, there are three unique services PROJECTWORKS provides to support the customer through the various construction phases: Design Consultation, Design Service, and Pre-Construction Service. Design Support for Custom Solutions We deliver a streamlined set of deliverables that help keep custom projects on target and within budget. Start to finish, we can help oversee the execution of the design, reducing unnecessary challenges. Explore PROJECTWORKS Sustainability Building a Better Today for Tomorrow Sustainability has been part of Armstrong since our founding. A century and a half later, we are still leading a transformation in the design and building of spaces that prioritize the health of our planet. Our sustainability commitment has three pillars: Healthy and Circular Products, Healthy Planet, and Thriving People and Communities. Explore Sustainability Products pictured: 1. WOODWORKS Grille – Forté Solid 2. METALWORKS Blades 3. METALWORKS Torsion Spring Shapes 4. METALWORKS Linear - Classics 5. CALLA 6. TECTUM CREATE! Explore Solutions by Material Mineral Fiber & Fiberglass Explore > Wood Explore > Felt Explore > Metal Explore > Cementitious Wood Fiber Explore > Translucent Explore > Acoustical Drywall Alternative Explore > Architectural Forms Explore > Our Commitment to Community Service Since 1985, the Armstrong World Industries (AWI) Foundation has been actively supporting the communities where we operate. The AWI Foundation provides funding for organizations and sustainable buildings that improve the quality of life in our communities. Through these efforts, AWI Foundation has made a significant impact on the lives of people in Lancaster, Pa., where our company is headquartered, and across the country. 100s of Nonprofits Supported 35+ Years of Giving 100s of Nonprofits Supported 35+ Years of Giving Explore AWI Foundation Company About Us Contact Us Career Investors California Supply Chain Act Solutions Ceilings & Walls - For Commercial Spaces Ceilings & Walls - For the Home Energy Savings Ceilings PROJECTWORKS What Are My Buying Options Resources Downloads and Resources National Accounts Resource Center Press Room Sustainability Trademarks Cookie & Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Do Not Sell My Info © 2017-2025 AWI Licensing LLC, All Rights Reserved.