Army Times, Independent News For Soldiers | Army Times Sections News Pay & Benefits Flashpoints Pentagon & Congress Off Duty Education & Transition Veterans Military Honor Subscribe Now Opens in new window Subscribe Now Opens in new window News Your Army Air Force Times Opens in new window Marine Corps Times Opens in new window Navy Times Opens in new window Pentagon & Congress Defense News Opens in new window Flashpoints Pay & Benefits Benefits Guide Opens in new window Military Pay Center Military Retirement Military Benefits Mil Money Discount Depot Off Duty Gear Scout Opens in new window Military Culture Military Fitness Military Movies & Video Games Military Sports Spouses Education & Transition Transition Guide Opens in new window Pay It Forward Opens in new window Veterans Black Military History Opens in new window Congressional Veterans Caucus Opens in new window Military Appreciation Month Opens in new window Military History Vietnam Vets & Rolling Thunder Opens in new window Military Honor Salute to Veterans Opens in new window Service Members of the Year Opens in new window Hall of Valor Opens in new window Create an Obituary Opens in new window Opinion Editorials Commentary Medals & Misfires Special Projects Installation Guide Opens in new window Task Force Violent Battle Bracket CFC Givers Guide Videos Photo Galleries Early Bird Brief Newsletters Opens in new window Military Native IHG Long-Term Care Partners Navy Federal Digital Edition Opens in new window Installation Guide Opens in new window Top stories US forces kill, capture ’nearly 25 ISIS’ fighters in Syria operations Over a nine-day period, U.S. and allied forces conducted 11 operations that killed at least seven ISIS fighters and destroyed four weapons caches. What is Nifty Nugget? NDAA revives 47-year-old military exercise In 1978, the 21-day exercise, dubbed “Nifty Nugget,” brought two dozen military commands to bear to support a notional conflict in Europe. This company is rethinking PTSD treatment for veterans — with VR Brenden Borrowman, a retired Army veteran, founded Neurova Labs to focus on treating the physiological injury underlying conditions like PTSD and TBI. Featured Your Army A list of US military strikes against alleged drug-carrying vessels Military History How the Continental Army became the lords of Spanktown Your Army Army, NATO allies test stealth in new FPV drone warfighter competition Latest US Army’s 10th Mountain Division stands up new drone attack unit New charges for Guard shooting suspect enable death penalty talks How the Continental Army became the lords of Spanktown Army, NATO allies test stealth in new FPV drone warfighter competition SPECIAL FEATURES Submit a FREE veteran obituary Military Times has partnered with Legacy on a special online memorial where you can read through U.S. veterans’ obituaries and publish a FREE veteran obit Insurance Guide Military Times has outlined helpful information about car insurance, renters insurance, and life insurance for troops. 2025 PCS Guide Read up on tips and tricks in Military Times’ 2025 Permanent Change of Station Guide. 2025 Benefits Guide Learn how your military benefits — including health care, retirement pay and more — have changed in 2025. EDITOR'S PICKS Veterans Department of Veterans Affairs reinstates near-total ban on abortions New guidance from the Justice Department concluded that the VA lacks legal authority to provide the procedure — including in cases of rape or incest. Trump says US ‘hit’ facility where alleged drug boats ‘load up’ Trump declined to say if the military or CIA was involved or where it occurred. Soldier became the first Mexican national to earn the Medal of Honor After surviving World War II, Marcario García had another war to fight. Soldier regains sense of touch through neural-enabled prosthetic limb A U.S. Army soldier is participating in a clinical trial at Walter Reed testing a neural-enabled prosthetic limb designed to restore the sense of touch. In other news Trump says US struck Islamic State targets in Nigeria The president says the U.S. launched a “powerful and deadly" strike against ISIS forces in Nigeria, claiming the group targeted Christians. China’s military buildup makes US increasingly vulnerable, DOD says How America observed Christmas — at home and abroad — during WWII This company is rethinking PTSD treatment for veterans — with VR The real story of how NORAD began tracking Santa Claus Review: ‘In Waves and War’ shows promise of psychedelics to treat PTSD The documentary, streaming Monday, follows a group of veterans undergoing experimental treatments currently not approved for clinical use in the U.S. An enduring symbol: why troops keep naming things after reptiles From cobras to gators, reptilian mascots and call signs appear on patches, aircraft and unit logos across every branch. Why? By Clay Beyersdorfer Battlefield 6 review: the return of a war game worth fighting for After the rocky reception of Battlefield 2042, game developer DICE needed a strong comeback. The new Battlefield 6 mostly delivers, our reviewer writes. The next military shooter showdown: ‘Call of Duty’ vs. ‘Battlefield’ This fall, two video game franchises are going head-to-head, with the upcoming releases of "Call of Duty: Black Ops 7" and "Battlefield 6." Don't miss ‘The Terminal List: Dark Wolf’ cements dominance of military thrillers Country music no longer owns the troops, and that’s a good thing The National Guard, DC landscaping and the great pursuit of lethality Back-to-school, military edition: why August is also admin hell Deployment playlists, then and now: from Walkmans to wireless despair US Air Force vet charged with felony assault with a deli weapon VIDEOS The state of US hypersonic capabilities | Defense News Weekly Full Episode 12.13.25 As China and other U.S. rivals claim to field operational hypersonic missiles, where does the U.S. stand in developing its own weapons? An expert weighs in. Featured Videos Honoring accomplishment and courage: profiles of the 2023 Service Members of the Year Fireside chat with Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Daryl Caudle Kickstart Your Financial Goals This New Year — Money Minute Does the US need a ‘hypersonic czar’? Which service is leading the US hypersonics race? Trending Now US Army’s 10th Mountain Division stands up new drone attack unit Department of Veterans Affairs reinstates near-total ban on abortions Trump says US ‘hit’ facility where alleged drug boats ‘load up’ Soldier became the first Mexican national to earn the Medal of Honor Soldier regains sense of touch through neural-enabled prosthetic limb MORE STORIES China’s military buildup makes US increasingly vulnerable, DOD says The Pentagon's latest annual report on the People’s Liberation Army described China’s recent buildup as “historic.” By Tanya Noury 6 days ago New charges for Guard shooting suspect enable death penalty talks Lakanwal remains charged with first-degree murder, assault with intent to kill and illegal possession of a firearm in the Nov. 26 shooting. By J.D. Simkins 6 days ago Trump approves deployment of 350 National Guard troops to New Orleans Pentagon spokesman Sean Parnell said Tuesday that Guard members will be tasked with supporting federal law enforcement partners. 7 days ago Ode to James Ransone’s memorable portrayal of a junior enlisted Marine In just seven episodes, James Ransone churned out one of the most relatable on-screen depictions of life as a junior enlisted Marine. By J.D. Simkins 7 days ago Santa’s elves have been busy bringing cheer to military families Santa takes time for train rides with military families through Alaska, and to attend parties with gifts and treats. By Karen Jowers 7 days ago Over $13 billion in US military aid to Israel improperly tracked: IG Investigators warned that such lapses increase the risk of sensitive U.S. weapons technology falling into the hands of hostile actors. By Tanya Noury 7 days ago Ham, turkey and cigars? A look at Christmas festivities during WWII It's not too late to put Snowflake potatoes on one's Christmas day menu. By Claire Barrett 7 days ago Military recruiting off to ‘strong start’ for fiscal 2026, DOD says Overall, the services met an average of 103% of their active-duty recruiting goals for fiscal 2025, according to the Defense Department. By Karen Jowers 8 days ago DOD needs more consistent Indo-Pacific deterrence funding, GAO says An annual assessment of how DOD funds deterrence efforts in the Indo-Pacific revealed problematic inconsistencies, according to a GAO report. By Lillian Juarez 8 days ago Jordan says its air force joined US strikes on Islamic State in Syria Jordan confirmed that its air force took part in strikes launched by the United States on Islamic State group targets in Syria. 10 days ago US launches operation to ‘eliminate’ ISIS fighters in Syria: Hegseth A U.S. official said that the attack was conducted using F-15 Eagle jets, A-10 Thunderbolt ground attack aircraft and AH-64 Apache helicopters. 11 days ago Pentagon fails financial audit for 8th year in a row DOD is the only one of the government’s 24 major agencies never to pass. By Tanya Noury 11 days ago US military to stop shooting pigs and goats for medic training The move ends a practice that had been made obsolete by simulators that mimic battlefield injuries. 11 days ago Military lawyer swiftly fired after defying Trump deportation push An Army Reserve lawyer detailed as a federal immigration judge has been fired after granting asylum at a high rate. 11 days ago Raw sewage, broken AC, bugs: Report reveals squalor at border mission The visits uncovered “unsanitary conditions in bathroom facilities,” specifically “leaking raw sewage, non-functional toilets, and general disrepair..." By Eve Sampson 11 days ago America’s Dunkirk: The battle of Long Island Wars are not won by evacuation, but George Washington’s decision to evacuate Long Island in August 1776 ultimately saved the the Continental Army. By Claire Barrett 12 days ago Load More Facebook page Twitter feed RSS feed Army Times  © 2025 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Terms of Service Get Us Subscribe Opens in new window Newsletters Opens in new window RSS Feeds Opens in new window Shop Merch Opens in new window Contact Us Advertise General Contacts, Subscription Services Editorial Staff About Us About Us Careers Opens in new window Jobs for Veterans Opens in new window