Arrivalist - Media Measurement & Travel Analytics Our Products Our Clients Our Partners Our Team Insights+ Let's talk Platform Log in Our Products Our Clients Our Partners Our Team Insights+ Let's talk Log in M e d i a M e a s u r e m e n t & T r a v e l A n a l y t i c s P u r p o s e - B u i l t F o r D e s t i n a t i o n s Empowering decision makers to enhance quality of life in states and communities I'm a marketer or agency I'm a marketer or agency I'm a marketer or agency I'm a marketer or agency I’m a media provider I’m a media provider I’m a media provider I’m a media provider Explore Key Insights Explore Key Insights Explore Key Insights Unvarnished Opinion: The “Record-Breaking” 2025 Thanksgiving Travel Hype Missed the Mark. Show me the data Unvarnished Opinion: The “Record-Breaking” 2025 Thanksgiving Travel Hype Missed the Mark. Show me the data Unvarnished Opinion: The “Record-Breaking” 2025 Thanksgiving Travel Hype Missed the Mark. Show me the data Unvarnished Opinion: The “Record-Breaking” 2025 Thanksgiving Travel Hype Missed the Mark. Show me the data Game days move more than fans What happens to a college town when the team comes home? Show me the data Game days move more than fans What happens to a college town when the team comes home? Show me the data Game days move more than fans What happens to a college town when the team comes home? Show me the data Game days move more than fans What happens to a college town when the team comes home? Show me the data Customer Journey - NYC Customer Journey - Bozeman to Jackson Customer Journey - Seattle Customer Journey - NYC Customer Journey - Bozeman to Jackson Customer Journey - Seattle Customer Journey - NYC Customer Journey - Bozeman to Jackson Customer Journey - Seattle Customer Journey - NYC Customer Journey - Bozeman to Jackson Customer Journey - Seattle Examples of anonymous trips. Arrivalist aggregates real trips to provide privacy-compliant insights to destination marketers. Examples of anonymous trips. Arrivalist aggregates real trips to provide privacy-compliant insights to destination marketers. Media Measurement Media Measurement Media Measurement Prove your ads are driving incremental visitation with Arrival Lift™. An attribution model finely tuned to the tourism industry and a dynamic, panel-based methodology for reliable results. Best in class solutions to capture CTV and more, cookie-free. Learn more Prove your ads are driving incremental visitation with Arrival Lift™. An attribution model finely tuned to the tourism industry and a dynamic, panel-based methodology for reliable results. Best in class solutions to capture CTV and more, cookie-free. Learn more Prove your ads are driving incremental visitation with Arrival Lift™. An attribution model finely tuned to the tourism industry and a dynamic, panel-based methodology for reliable results. Best in class solutions to capture CTV and more, cookie-free. Learn more Prove your ads are driving incremental visitation with Arrival Lift™. An attribution model finely tuned to the tourism industry and a dynamic, panel-based methodology for reliable results. Best in class solutions to capture CTV and more, cookie-free. Learn more Travel Analytics Travel Analytics Travel Analytics Access an Always On platform with customizable visitation dashboards Gain a master view of your overnight economy. Tap into hotel and vacation rental metrics including ADR and revenue by origin market. Learn more Access an Always On platform with customizable visitation dashboards Gain a master view of your overnight economy. Tap into hotel and vacation rental metrics including ADR and revenue by origin market. Learn more Access an Always On platform with customizable visitation dashboards Gain a master view of your overnight economy. Tap into hotel and vacation rental metrics including ADR and revenue by origin market. Learn more Access an Always On platform with customizable visitation dashboards Gain a master view of your overnight economy. Tap into hotel and vacation rental metrics including ADR and revenue by origin market. Learn more Destination Expertise Destination Expertise Destination Expertise Access board-ready reports in a single pane of glass Delivering insights on visitation is our vocation. We understand the challenges facing DMOs and work with you to support your advocacy, sustainability, and planning needs. Learn more Access board-ready reports in a single pane of glass Delivering insights on visitation is our vocation. We understand the challenges facing DMOs and work with you to support your advocacy, sustainability, and planning needs. Learn more Access board-ready reports in a single pane of glass Delivering insights on visitation is our vocation. We understand the challenges facing DMOs and work with you to support your advocacy, sustainability, and planning needs. Learn more Access board-ready reports in a single pane of glass Delivering insights on visitation is our vocation. We understand the challenges facing DMOs and work with you to support your advocacy, sustainability, and planning needs. Learn more Testimonials Testimonials Testimonials Amy Zeigler IOWA TOURISM OFFICE "Arrivalist has allowed us to gain in-depth insights into visitor origin markets, length of stay, and day of arrival, which has empowered us to develop data-driven marketing strategies at a statewide level. Additionally, our partners consistently emphasize the value of the visitation data provided by Arrivalist when presenting to their boards and key stakeholders." Amy Zeigler IOWA TOURISM OFFICE "Arrivalist has allowed us to gain in-depth insights into visitor origin markets, length of stay, and day of arrival, which has empowered us to develop data-driven marketing strategies at a statewide level. Additionally, our partners consistently emphasize the value of the visitation data provided by Arrivalist when presenting to their boards and key stakeholders." Amy Zeigler IOWA TOURISM OFFICE "Arrivalist has allowed us to gain in-depth insights into visitor origin markets, length of stay, and day of arrival, which has empowered us to develop data-driven marketing strategies at a statewide level. Additionally, our partners consistently emphasize the value of the visitation data provided by Arrivalist when presenting to their boards and key stakeholders." Amy Zeigler IOWA TOURISM OFFICE "Arrivalist has allowed us to gain in-depth insights into visitor origin markets, length of stay, and day of arrival, which has empowered us to develop data-driven marketing strategies at a statewide level. Additionally, our partners consistently emphasize the value of the visitation data provided by Arrivalist when presenting to their boards and key stakeholders." Amy Zeigler IOWA TOURISM OFFICE "Arrivalist has allowed us to gain in-depth insights into visitor origin markets, length of stay, and day of arrival, which has empowered us to develop data-driven marketing strategies at a statewide level. Additionally, our partners consistently emphasize the value of the visitation data provided by Arrivalist when presenting to their boards and key stakeholders." With two of the largest investments and economic development projects in the state of Indiana, we wanted to substantiate the impact both during the construction phase, as well as when the operations are online. As such, we used Arrivalist’s cross-visitation data as a further validation of our STR report on the impact of specific hotels. Arrivalist's data helped us to see where the construction companies and those working at the sites originate, where they go in the area, and where they stay. That data helped us to better explain the estimated 33,000 room night contribution in Q1 of 2025. We are further using that information to create an economic impact report of the construction, as well as data for our board's consideration. Jeff Jarnecke VISIT SOUTH BEND MISHAWAKA With two of the largest investments and economic development projects in the state of Indiana, we wanted to substantiate the impact both during the construction phase, as well as when the operations are online. As such, we used Arrivalist’s cross-visitation data as a further validation of our STR report on the impact of specific hotels. Arrivalist's data helped us to see where the construction companies and those working at the sites originate, where they go in the area, and where they stay. That data helped us to better explain the estimated 33,000 room night contribution in Q1 of 2025. We are further using that information to create an economic impact report of the construction, as well as data for our board's consideration. Jeff Jarnecke VISIT SOUTH BEND MISHAWAKA With two of the largest investments and economic development projects in the state of Indiana, we wanted to substantiate the impact both during the construction phase, as well as when the operations are online. As such, we used Arrivalist’s cross-visitation data as a further validation of our STR report on the impact of specific hotels. Arrivalist's data helped us to see where the construction companies and those working at the sites originate, where they go in the area, and where they stay. That data helped us to better explain the estimated 33,000 room night contribution in Q1 of 2025. We are further using that information to create an economic impact report of the construction, as well as data for our board's consideration. Jeff Jarnecke VISIT SOUTH BEND MISHAWAKA With two of the largest investments and economic development projects in the state of Indiana, we wanted to substantiate the impact both during the construction phase, as well as when the operations are online. As such, we used Arrivalist’s cross-visitation data as a further validation of our STR report on the impact of specific hotels. Arrivalist's data helped us to see where the construction companies and those working at the sites originate, where they go in the area, and where they stay. That data helped us to better explain the estimated 33,000 room night contribution in Q1 of 2025. We are further using that information to create an economic impact report of the construction, as well as data for our board's consideration. Jeff Jarnecke VISIT SOUTH BEND MISHAWAKA We subscribe to the Arrivalist portfolio of products and always have found their information to be valuable to the work that we do, they’re easy to work with and responsive to our questions and needs. Maureen Morgenthien PUNTA GORDA/ENGLEWOOD BEACH VISITOR & CONVENTION BUREAU We subscribe to the Arrivalist portfolio of products and always have found their information to be valuable to the work that we do, they’re easy to work with and responsive to our questions and needs. Maureen Morgenthien PUNTA GORDA/ENGLEWOOD BEACH VISITOR & CONVENTION BUREAU We subscribe to the Arrivalist portfolio of products and always have found their information to be valuable to the work that we do, they’re easy to work with and responsive to our questions and needs. Maureen Morgenthien PUNTA GORDA/ENGLEWOOD BEACH VISITOR & CONVENTION BUREAU We subscribe to the Arrivalist portfolio of products and always have found their information to be valuable to the work that we do, they’re easy to work with and responsive to our questions and needs. Maureen Morgenthien PUNTA GORDA/ENGLEWOOD BEACH VISITOR & CONVENTION BUREAU “This is a huge leap forward…to get every single dollar working for you as hard as possible” “This is a huge leap forward…to get every single dollar working for you as hard as possible” “This is a huge leap forward…to get every single dollar working for you as hard as possible” “This is a huge leap forward…to get every single dollar working for you as hard as possible” Latest News Latest News Latest News Introducing Distance Traveled We’re excited to introduce Distance Traveled, a new addition to the Visitor Mix Insights dashboard Jacob Pewitt Yancey Joins Arrivalist Arrivalist is pleased to announce the appointment of Jacob Pewitt Yancey as Head of Analytics Arrivalist is new again. The Arrivalist brand reimagination is just the beginning. Get a free preview of your destination’s data Get a free preview of your destination’s data Get a free preview of your destination’s data No guesswork—just a personalized look at what Arrivalist can do for you. No guesswork—just a personalized look at what Arrivalist can do for you. No guesswork—just a personalized look at what Arrivalist can do for you. Get Started Today Get Started Today Get Started Today Get Started Today @2025 Arrivalist. All rights reserved. Service Status Privacy Policy & GDPR Terms of Service Cookie Settings @2025 Arrivalist. All rights reserved. Service Status Privacy Policy & GDPR Terms of Service Cookie Settings @2025 Arrivalist. All rights reserved. Service Status Privacy Policy & GDPR Terms of Service Cookie Settings @2025 Arrivalist. All rights reserved. Service Status Privacy Policy & GDPR Terms of Service Cookie Settings