artelis l Telecoms provider l Luxembourg & Germany FR DE EN cegecom Discover our activities in Luxembourg more information VSE NET Discover our activities in Saarland more information Welcome to artelis Your alternative telecommunications provider in Luxembourg and Germany Our portfolio includes the planning, construction and operation of integrated telecommunications solutions , as well as the delivery of data, Internet and communication services , particularly when it comes to high quality and bandwidth requirements. Our tailor-made solutions are mainly oriented to business customers in Luxembourg and Germany, as well as national and international telecommunications operators. Our services Telecommunications Connectivity Voice Internet Datacenter Managed Services Founded in 2006, artelis s.a. combines the activities of two telecommunications companies cegecom s.a. (operating in Luxembourg since 1999) and VSE NET GmbH (operating in Germany since 1998). Thanks to the many years of experience of both companies, the artelis Group can bring more quickly and cost-effectively new products onto the market and offer cross-border services. Our sites and datacenters are located in Luxembourg and Germany. The shareholders of artelis 90% VSE AG 10% SaarLB The management of artelis Serge Eiffes and Marc Kahabka are directors of  artelis s.a., cegecom s.a. and VSE NET GmbH „The artelis group commit to meet the needs of our customers thanks to a wide range of solutions, a fast and reliable service and by constantly listening to our customers.“ Serge Eiffes and Marc Kahabka Directors One of the most state-of-the-art telecommunications networks in Europe Across the Greater Region, artelis offers its own state-of-the-art fibre optic network, linked to the major European telecommunications centres. The key factors of our success speak for themselves Thanks to our flexibility and reliability, artelis can provide solutions that are tailor-made to your own specific needs. Many customers, such as hospitals, administrations, banks, industries, insurances, SMEs and other telecommunications providers, have been placing their trust in the high-quality services of the artelis Group for years. Focusing on core business Qualified staff Competitive prices Network of successful partners Individual solutions Extensive customer service artelis s.a. 3, rue Jean Piret L-2350 Luxembourg Phone: +352 27 60-1 Fax: +352 27 60-9699 E-mail: info@artelis.net Talk to us! Contact Follow us on ... Privacy policy Cookie policy Impressum © artelis 2025 top