Skip to main content

New

Forrester Wave Leader, Q2 2025

Access report
About us
Partners
Support
|
EN
Login
Elasticsearch
Solutions
Enterprise
Resources
Pricing
Docs
Search
Start free trial
Contact sales
Download and provision Elastic

Download Elasticsearch to get started with search, observability, and security for free. Deploy on Elastic Cloud (hosted or serverless), run it yourself on-premises, or use our official Kubernetes operator.

Elasticsearch

Store structured, unstructured, and vector data. Build AI apps with superior relevance and control. All through one flexible API.

Provision on Elastic Cloud
Download Elasticsearch
Observability

Unify your logs, metrics, traces, and profiling at scale in a single platform.

Provision on Elastic Cloud
Download APM Server
Security

Protect, investigate, and respond to threats with AI-driven security analytics — the future of SIEM.

Provision on Elastic Cloud
Elasticsearch — the most widely deployed vector database
Copy to try locally in two minutes
Copy to clipboard
curl -fsSL https://elastic.co/start-local | sh
Read docs
OR
Deploy for production
Start free cloud trial

Or, download on-prem

Open source Elasticsearch

With Elasticsearch, you can bring in data from any source, in any form. Self-manage and deploy quickly with our Docker image to start building your next search experience.

Elastic Agent

Use a single agent for logs, metrics, security data, and threat prevention.

Download
Beats
Collect, parse, and ship in a lightweight fashion.
Download
Logstash
Ingest, transform, enrich, and output.
Download
Connectors

Connect popular databases, file systems, collaboration tools, and more.

Download
Clients

Connect your apps with HTTP APIs.

Explore clients 
Open Crawler

Discover, extract, and index web content with Elastic Open Web Crawler.

Download
Didn't find what you were looking for? Try below.
Kibana
Clients connectors and more
Elastic Enterprise Search
Archived plugins
Visualize all your data
Kibana on Elastic Cloud
Deploy
Kibana on-premises
Download

General Information: The export control information provided on this Website may not reflect the most current legal or regulatory developments and Elastic does not represent, warrant, or guarantee that it is complete, accurate or up to date. It is not intended as legal advice or as an exhaustive interpretation of the export control laws and regulations. For specific guidance, you should consult with your legal counsel, export professional or relevant governmental authorities.

Export Control Classification: The Export Control Classification Number ("ECCN") for Elastic products are provided in order to help facilitate export operations. Our products and services, including encryption software, are subject to export control laws and regulations, which may include licensing requirements and restrictions on destinations, end-users, and end-uses. The ECCN and applicable controls for each product may vary. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with the relevant export control requirements.

No Elastic products or service may be sold, exported or re-exported, to an individual or entity located in an embargoed country or on any applicable government sanctions lists, including the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals, or on the U.S. Commerce Department’s Denied Persons List or Entity List. Such prohibition includes the following countries: Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, Belarus, and the Crimea, Luhansk, and Donetsk regions of Ukraine. You are responsible for obtaining all required licenses or other governmental approvals related to your use, or transfer of, any Elastic products or services. By downloading or using Elastic's products or services, you certify that you are not prohibited from using such products or services as a result of any trade or export restrictions, and you further certify that you are not located in an embargoed country or otherwise listed on any applicable government sanctions list.

By accessing and using the export control information on this Website, you agree to release Elastic from any liability related to your compliance or non-compliance with applicable export control laws and regulations.

Need a hand? We're here for you.

We offer support, consulting, training, and useful features that take your Elastic experience to a whole new level.

Contact us
FOLLOW US
ABOUT US
About Elastic
Leadership
Blog
Newsroom
JOIN US
Careers
Career portal
How we hire
PARTNERS
Find a partner
Partner login
Request access
Become a partner
TRUST & SECURITY
Legal
Trust center
Privacy
Trade Compliance
Ethics & Compliance
INVESTOR RELATIONS
Investor resources
Governance
Financials
Stock
EXCELLENCE AWARDS
Previous winners
Elastic{ON} Tour
Become a sponsor
All events
TrademarksTerms of UsePrivacySitemap

© 2025. Elasticsearch B.V. All Rights Reserved

This website and all associated content, software, discussion forums, products, and services are intended for professional use only. No consumer use of this website or its content is intended or directed.

Elastic, Elasticsearch, and other related marks are trademarks, logos, or registered trademarks of Elasticsearch B.V. in the United States and other countries.

Apache, Apache Lucene, Apache Hadoop, Hadoop, HDFS and the yellow elephant logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective owners.