EU Artificial Intelligence Act | Up-to-date developments and analyses of the EU AI Act The Act Explore the Act The AI Act Explorer The Act Texts High-level summary of the AI Act Context Institutional Context Historic Documents Historic Timeline Analyses Assessment Implementation Overview Implementation Documents Implementation Timeline Member States Tasks for Member States National Implementation Plans AI Regulatory Sandboxes The AI Office Overview: The AI Office Tasks for The AI Office Why work at The AI Office? Why join the EU Scientific Panel? Compliance Tools & Resources Compliance Checker Small Businesses’ Guide AI Literacy Programs Modifying AI Under the EU AI Act Standard Setting Whistleblowing GPAI Models Overview: Providers of GPAI Models Guidelines for GPAI Models Code of Practice Code of Practice Introduction Code of Practice Summary About us Newsletter EN FR DE ES Select Page 🔔 Alert: The Future of Life Institute (owner of this website) is hiring an EU Policy Lead to spearhead our work on AI Act enforcement and translate our outputs for non-Brussels audiences; Salary up to €135,000/yr | Apply by 30 Nov The EU Artificial Intelligence Act Up-to-date developments and analyses of the EU AI Act AI Act Explorer Browse the full AI Act text online. Search within the Act for parts which are relevant to you. Compliance Checker Discover how the AI Act affects you in 10 minutes by answering some straightforward questions. High-Level Summary Everything you need to know about the AI Act in ten minutes. Small Business Guide Everything you need to know about the AI Act for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the EU and beyond. Tasks and responsibilities: 2024-25 See an overview and visual timeline of all key tasks for the AI Office (European Commission) and EU Member States as required by the EU AI Act in 2024 and 2025, with references to the sources. Tasks: AI Office | Tasks: Member States  Let us know what resources you need We're looking for 2-minute feedback on the AI Act website, so that we can build the resources most helpful to you. We have produced many of the resources on our website in direct response to user feedback, sometimes within just 1-2 weeks. This site exists with the aim of providing helpful, objective information about developments related to the EU AI Act. It is used by more than 150k users every month. Thank you in advance for your time and effort – hopefully we can pay it back in tailored, high-quality information addressing your needs. Provide feedback (2 minutes) What is the EU AI Act? The AI Act is a European regulation on artificial intelligence (AI) – the first comprehensive regulation on AI by a major regulator anywhere. The Act assigns applications of AI to three risk categories. First, applications and systems that create an unacceptable risk , such as government-run social scoring of the type used in China, are banned. Second, high-risk applications , such as a CV-scanning tool that ranks job applicants, are subject to specific legal requirements. Lastly, applications not explicitly banned or listed as high-risk are largely left unregulated. Why should you care? AI applications influence what information you see online by predicting what content is engaging to you, capture and analyse data from faces to enforce laws or personalise advertisements, and are used to diagnose and treat cancer. In other words, AI affects many parts of your life . Like the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in 2018, the EU AI Act could become a global standard , determining to what extent AI has a positive rather than negative effect on your life wherever you may be. The EU’s AI regulation is already making waves internationally – in late September 2021, Brazil’s Congress passed a bill that creates a legal framework for artificial intelligence. How can organisations apply it? We have developed an AI Act Compliance Checker to help SMEs and startups better understand whether they might have any legal obligations under the EU AI Act or whether they may implement the Act solely to make their business stand out as more trustworthy. This tool can help give an indication about what obligations your system might face. Please note that our tool is a simplification. It is still a work in progress. Articles on the AI Act Modifying AI Under the EU AI Act: Lessons from Practice on Classification and Compliance Nov 5, 2025 This is a guest post written by legal compliance professionals Øystein Endal, Andrea Vcric, Sidsel Nag, Nick Malter and Daylan Araz (see section about authors at the end), drawing on their experience from running or consulting businesses integrating AI. For any... Whistleblowing and the EU AI Act Aug 11, 2025 This page aims to provide an overview of the EU Whistleblowing Directive (2019) and how it relates to the EU AI Act, as well as provide useful resources for potential whistleblowers. This resource was put together by Santeri Koivula, an EU Fellow at the Future of Life... Overview of Guidelines for GPAI Models Jul 30, 2025 On 18 July 2025, the European Commission published draft Guidelines clarifying key provisions of the EU AI Act applicable to General Purpose AI (GPAI) models. The Guidelines provide interpretive guidance on the definition and scope of GPAI models, related lifecycle... Overview of the Code of Practice Jul 30, 2025 The Code of Practice offers a clear framework to help developers of General Purpose AI (GPAI) models meet the requirements of the EU AI Act. While providers can choose to follow the Code, they are also free to demonstrate compliance through other appropriate methods.... Why Join the EU AI Scientific Panel? Jun 16, 2025 The European Commission has published a call for applications for a scientific panel of independent experts. The panel focuses on general-purpose AI (GPAI) models and systems. Its tasks include advising the EU AI Office and national authorities on systemic risks,... AI Literacy Programs in Europe – Supporting Article 4 of the EU AI Act May 23, 2025 As organisations across Europe navigate the implementation of the EU AI Act — including Article 4, which addresses the importance of AI literacy — there is growing interest in accessible and practical training resources. This document presents a non-exhaustive... AI Regulatory Sandbox Approaches: EU Member State Overview May 2, 2025 AI regulatory sandboxes are an important part of the implementation of the EU AI Act. According to Article 57 of the AI Act, each Member State must establish at least one AI regulatory sandbox at the national level by 2 August 2026. This post provides an overview of... Providers of General-Purpose AI Models — What We Know About Who Will Qualify Apr 25, 2025 On 22 April 2025, the AI Office published preliminary guidelines clarifying the scope of the obligations for providers of GPAI models. These outline seven topics that are expected to be covered in the final guidelines along with some preliminary answers. The... Small Businesses’ Guide to the AI Act Feb 19, 2025 Everything you need to know about the AI Act, for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the EU and beyond. Job Opportunities at the European AI Office for Legal and Policy Backgrounds Dec 16, 2024 The Commission has opened two calls for expression of interest to recruit new members for the European AI Office. Apply now as Legal or Policy Officer for an opportunity to shape trustworthy AI.The deadline for expression of interest is 15 January 2025. The salary for... The AI Office is hiring a Lead Scientific Advisor for AI Nov 19, 2024 This opportunity has now passed. A very important job opening has opened up at the European AI Office: They are hiring for the Lead Scientific Advisor for AI. Application deadline is 13 December 2024. Based on the European Union Employment Advisor, the monthly basic... Overview of all AI Act National Implementation Plans Nov 8, 2024 This post gives an overview of the national authorities to be designated under the AI Act and what we know about the national implementation plans. The AI Act: Responsibilities of the European Commission (AI Office) Aug 22, 2024 If you are unsure who is implementing and enforcing the new digital law and what the specific time frames are, you might find this post—and our post on the responsibilities of the EU Member States—very helpful. The tables below provide a comprehensive list of all... The AI Act: Responsibilities of the EU Member States Aug 22, 2024 If you are unsure who is implementing and enforcing the EU AI Act and what the specific time frames are, you might find this post—and our post on the responsibilities of the European Commission (AI Office)—very helpful. The tables below provide you with a... An Introduction to the Code of Practice for General-Purpose AI Jul 3, 2024 Last updated: 14 August 2025. As AI Act implementation gradually unfolds, it is important to understand the different mechanisms of enforcement included in the Regulation. One of the most important is the general-purpose AI Code of Practice, which was developed by the... Why work at the EU AI Office? Jun 7, 2024 It’s probably not for everyone, but there are a lot of great reasons to consider, including the potential to have an impact on AI governance worldwide, leveraging the first-mover advantage, and more. Robust governance for the AI Act: Insights and highlights from Novelli et al. (2024) May 24, 2024 In their recent publication on robust European AI governance, Claudio Novelli, Philipp Hacker, Jessica Morley, Jarle Trondal, and Luciano Floridi pursue two main objectives: explaining the governance framework of the AI Act and providing recommendations to ensure its... The AI Office is hiring Mar 22, 2024 The European Commission is recruiting contract agents who are AI technology specialists to govern the most cutting-edge AI models.  Deadline to apply is 12:00 CET on 27 March (application form).  Role This is an opportunity to work in a team within the... The AI Office: What is it, and how does it work? Mar 21, 2024 In this overview, we offer a summary of the key elements of the AI Office relevant for those interested in AI governance. We’ve highlighted the responsibilities of the AI Office, its role within the European Commission, its relationship with the AI Board, its national... AI Act Implementation: Timelines & Next steps Feb 28, 2024 In this article we provide an outline of the key dates relevant to the implementation of the AI Act. We also list some secondary legislation that the Commission might add to supplement the AI Act, and some guidelines it may publish to support compliance efforts.... High-level summary of the AI Act Feb 27, 2024 Everything you need to know about the AI Act in ten minutes. Standard Setting Dec 16, 2022 This page aims to provide an easily accessible overview of AI safety standard setting under the EU AI Act. It covers the broader context and rationale for EU AI standard setting, the standard setting process, and questions of when AI Act standards might be finished. Receive EU AI Act updates in your inbox every two weeks Subscribe to receive biweekly up-to-date developments and analyses of the proposed EU AI Act. With over 40,000 subscribers, this newsletter is the go-to resource for EU policymakers on the AI Act. See the Newsletter © Future of Life Institute, 2025 This website is maintained by the Future of Life Institute (FLI). Our EU transparency register number is 787064543128-10. Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent