Build effective training for the AI era with Articulate 360 | Articulate Skip to main content Articulate 360 Platform Our Platform Articulate 360 Overview The #1 e-learning platform Our Capabilities Create Author engaging content easily Collaborate Co-author and review seamlessly Distribute Share and track content quickly Scale Train global teams confidently Our Products AI Assistant Unlock productivity with AI Rise Create beautiful content quickly Storyline Build custom interactive content Localization Translate courses effortlessly Review Consolidate feedback in one place Reach Share & track with a frictionless LMS Solutions By Department HR Sales Customer Service IT By Use Case Onboarding Training Compliance Training Soft Skills Training Customer Training Sales Training Technical Skills Training Community E-Learning Heroes Visit E-Learning Heroes The #1 community for e-learning pros Events Events Join us at events worldwide Articuland Join us in Articuland Resources Learn What’s New Discover new features and enhancements Resource Center Browse a hub of resources Blog Check out the latest articles Training Access product training resources Case Studies Learn from real Articulate customers Connect E-Learning Heroes The #1 community for e-learning pros Events Join us at events worldwide Global Resellers Find international support Get Support Articulate 360 Support Search by topic or product name Contact Support We’re here to help Pricing Start free trial Log in Train your people to adapt in the age of AI The #1 AI-powered platform for workplace learning. Discover Articulate 360 with AI The complete AI solution for workplace training Unlock continuous learning with the world’s most trusted platform for creating and distributing training at scale. Transform concepts to courses with agentic AI Turn static material into exceptional interactive training with just a few clicks. Discover creation Work better, together Request, review, and resolve feedback throughout your training project—all in one place. Discover collaboration Cut delays out of delivery Share and track training without toggling between tools or managing complex integrations. Discover distribution Scale across language and location Translate your training into 80+ languages for effortless global distribution. Discover scale Trusted by experts. Built for everyone. Transform knowledge into custom learning experiences. Articulate 360 blends intuitive creation tools with proven learning and development principles—empowering every team to build effective training for the AI era. HR Sales Customer Service IT HR Build training that supports onboarding, compliance, and literacy with emerging tech like AI. Explore HR Sales Create enablement content that reduces ramp time, sharpens selling skills, and boosts sales effectiveness. Explore sales Customer Service Design learning that boosts product knowledge and service skills—while preparing teams to engage customers with emerging tools. Explore customer service IT Create training that drives system adoption, strengthens security, and supports governance and automation. Explore IT 1M e-learning community 133M learners 125K orgs 140M lessons created 187 countries Discover what sets Articulate apart Simple yet powerful Anyone can turn generic information into engaging training with agentic AI course creation tools. Simply upload content, review, and distribute—no coding or toggling between tools required. With Articulate, we constantly find new ways to be innovative, creative, and modular with our training to enable quick changes when needed. Angie Branum Service Education and Training Manager Quality without complexity Create engaging training with video, simulations, quizzes, and more to help your team retain critical information. Use templates or AI to quickly develop content, then customize it to fit your unique brand. Teams throughout the company ask for Articulate training for their initiatives. They’ve seen first-hand how it can produce real results. Kendra Maxwell Curriculum Manager Scalable and secure Train anyone across departments, roles, and regions with one reliable platform. With fully integrated translation and distribution tools, sharing content with global teams has never been easier. Articulate provided all of the certifications, details, data privacy, and handling processes internal teams needed to review and vet the Localization tool to ensure our data would be properly handled. Viorel Jigman Senior Learning Manager One platform. Limitless training potential. See how Articulate helps teams stay ahead with the #1 AI-powered platform for workplace learning. Discover Articulate 360 English English Spanish German Portuguese Italian French Dutch Polish Products Articulate 360 Platform AI Assistant Rise Storyline Localization Review Reach More Content Library 360 Articulate 360 Teams Articulate 360 Training What’s New Features Sales Sales Chat +82 2 6933 0115 [email protected] International Resellers Pricing Sales FAQs Support Support Resource Center Blog Glossary E-Learning Community Training Classes Sign In Company About Articulate Our Values Our Impact Accessibility Careers Contact Us Trust Center Overview Privacy Policy GDPR Terms of Use Agreement Terms of Service Connect Share Icon Share Icon Share Icon Share Icon © 2025 Articulate Global, LLC Terms Privacy Cookie Preferences