Artix Linux -
Home Home Forum Packages Wiki FAQ Contact Download Help Donate The Art of Linux Simple. Fast. Systemd-free. Artix Linux is a rolling-release distribution, based on Arch Linux. It uses real init systems, because PID1 must be simple, secure and stable. Recent news GTK2 status in Artix 2025-10-03 Arch is phasing GTK2 out of its repositories. This entails the renaming and removing packages: the newer -gtk[34] which replace old GTK2 ones drop their suffix and the latter are removed. Artix will keep GTK2 and dependent packages (for as long as they build without much patching) in [galaxy]. Notable ones are LXDE (package group lxde-gtk2 ) and hexchat . Until the rebuild operation and testing is completed, these packages shall reside in [galaxy-gremlins]. Please understand that they will not be actively supported and help in maintaining is appreciated. Please follow the GTK2 forum thread for information and updates. GNOME Desktop Environment No Longer Supported 2025-09-26 Some of you have probably seen the blog post a few months ago about how GNOME is more strongly depending on systemd . The changes mentioned there have landed into the latest stable versions of the mentioned software (GNOME 49) and do affect us. In particular, the main culprit is the removal of the non-systemd fallback code in gnome-session. This makes it currently impossible to launch gnome-shell/mutter on a non-systemd system. A fairly straightforward patch of using elogind, like what was previously done, no longer works either. Since we don't have the time or interest to write a new non-systemd codepath for gnome-session, this means that all support for gnome-based desktops has to be dropped. In particular, the affected packages would be gnome-session, gnome-shell, mutter, and gnome-settings-daemon. For now, the old versions are still in the repos but because there is so much intertwining between other gtk/gnome packages, there is no guarantee they actually work and will later be removed from our repos. Standalone gnome applications will still continue to be packaged, but it is simply not feasible anymore to support gnome desktops without systemd. Join the discussion on our forum and possibly change the fate of GNOME Desktop Environment in Artix Linux. Manual intervention required for Plasma 6.4 2025-06-22 DrKonqi shipped with Plasma 6.4 requires systemd and does not work without it. Users are adviced to remove "drkonqi" package. pacman -R drkonqi Manual intervention required for OpenRC 0.62.2 2025-05-06 OpenRC 0.62.2 requires services local, localmount and netmount to be added to runlevel default. This can be done with commands: rc-update add local default
rc-update add localmount default
rc-update add netmount default As usual, please report anything out of the ordinary to the related forum announcement thread . Fresh installation ISO images for 2025 2025-03-10 The first official installation media of 2025 are waiting their users.
As usual, please report anything out of the ordinary to the related forum announcement thread . More news... Documentation Wiki Installation Guide FAQ Community Forum Mailing Lists IRC Channels Telegram Reddit Support Sponsors Donate Merchandize Tools Servers status Artix Mirrors Mirror Status Mirrorlist generator Debuginfod Pastebin Development Packages Sources ISO Releases People Init Core Team Support Staff Contributors More Resources Wikipedia Distrowatch News Archives Logos & Artwork RSS Feed , 2017-2025 [email protected]