Home | The Art Institute of Chicago Skip to Content Primary Navigation Visit Visit Find all the information you need—plus helpful tips—to plan your visit Start planning Hours Admission Plan Your Visit Plan Your Visit Museum Map Free Daily Tours My Museum Tour What to See in an Hour Shopping and Dining Accessibility Who's Visiting? Who's Visiting? First-Time Visitors Families Members Teens Educators Group Visits Mobile App Ryan Learning Center Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Upcoming Archive Art & Artists Art & Artists Explore the works in our collection and delve deeper into their stories. Start your discovery Artworks Articles & Videos Research Research Library Archival Collections Collection Information Conservation and Science Publications Events Events Join us for a wide range of programs—there's something for visitors of all ages. Check out the calendar Calendar Daily Tours Talks Art Making Member Programs Become a Member Secondary Navigation Buy Tickets Become a Member Shop Visit Menu Welcome to the Art Institute of Chicago Plan Your Visit Today Open today 10–11 members | 11–5 public See all hours Mon 11–5 Tue Closed Wed 11–5 Thu Closed Fri–Sun 11–5 The museum is closed on December 25, for Christmas, and on January 1, for New Years Day. Welcome to the Art Institute of Chicago, home to a collection of art that spans centuries and the globe—and one of Tripadvisor’s “Best of the Best” US attractions of 2025. We look forward to your visit and invite you to explore our many exhibitions , join one of our free daily tours , or make your own tour of must-see works. 111 S Michigan Ave Buy Tickets FOLLOW US Chicago’s Home for the Holidays Nov 28, 2025–Jan 5, 2026 With the holidays in full swing, we hope you’ll join us at the Art Institute to bring the spirit of the season to life with moments of joy and discovery. We invite you and your loved ones to explore our latest exhibitions, visit your favorite pieces, and connect with creativity and each other, whether by making crafts in the Ryan Learning Center over cocoa or posing for a photo with our wreathed lions. Celebrate with us Exhibitions See all current exhibitions Closing Soon Elizabeth Catlett: “A Black Revolutionary Artist and All That It Implies” Aug 30, 2025 – Jan 4, 2026 Now Open Bruce Goff: Material Worlds Dec 20, 2025 – Mar 29, 2026 Closing Soon Strange Realities: The Symbolist Imagination Oct 4, 2025–Jan 5, 2026 Your Personal Must-See Tour Before your visit, pick the works you don’t want to miss. Choose Your Artworks Events See all upcoming events The Artist’s Studio: Brilliant Bricolage Daily | 11:00–3:00 (Closed Tuesdays) Drop-In Sketching Thursday, Jan 8 | 12:00–2:00 Member Lecture: Made in China, Sold Worldwide—Early Modern Chinese Exports Thurs, Jan 8 | 6:00–7:00 Gallery Conversation: New Galleries of European Art and Design Mon, Jan 12 | 2:00–3:00 Join our Community Join Our Community The best way to lend your support is to become a member. Become a Member The Collection Explore thousands of artworks in the museum’s collection—from our renowned icons to lesser-known works from every corner of the globe. Explore the Collection Buy Tickets New on View Discover the latest works to join our galleries. See works Articles See more article How the Lions Get Their Wreaths Our grounds manager takes you step-by-step through the process of creating the bespoke evergreen wreaths that herald the arrival of the holidays in Chicago. article Celebrities in the Galleries article A Glimpse into Bruce Goff’s Universe article Troubling the Line: Simone Leigh on Curating article Drawn Together: A Celebration of Sketching at the Museum Museum Shop Museum Shop From books and notecards to jewelry and home decor, we have something for every art lover. Explore the Shop Sign up for our enewsletter to receive updates. Email address Subscribe See all newsletters News and Exhibitions Career Opportunities Families Public Programs K-12 Educator Resources Teen Opportunities Research, Publishing, and Conservation Back to top Footer content Primary Navigation Visit Exhibitions and Events The Collection Locations Michigan Avenue Entrance 111 South Michigan Avenue Chicago, IL 60603 Modern Wing Entrance 159 East Monroe Street Chicago, IL 60603 About us Mission and History Leadership Departments Financial Reporting Support us Membership Luminary Planned Giving Corporate Sponsorship Learn with us Families Teens Educators Ryan Learning Center Follow us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Footer Links Press Careers Contact Venue Rental Image Licensing SAIC Terms From To S M T W T F S Done Reset Learn more Lorem ipsum Gallery actions Image actions Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest Email Copy link Secondary Navigation Buy Tickets Become a Member Shop Visit Primary Navigation Visit Visit Find all the information you need—plus helpful tips—to plan your visit Start planning Hours Admission Plan Your Visit Plan Your Visit Museum Map Free Daily Tours My Museum Tour What to See in an Hour Shopping and Dining Accessibility Who's Visiting? Who's Visiting? First-Time Visitors Families Members Teens Educators Group Visits Mobile App Ryan Learning Center Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Upcoming Archive Art & Artists Art & Artists Explore the works in our collection and delve deeper into their stories. Start your discovery Artworks Articles & Videos Research Research Library Archival Collections Collection Information Conservation and Science Publications Events Events Join us for a wide range of programs—there's something for visitors of all ages. Check out the calendar Calendar Daily Tours Talks Art Making Member Programs Become a Member Secondary Navigation Press Careers Contact Venue Rental Image Licensing SAIC Terms Social links Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Suggested Terms Calendar Free Admission Membership My Museum Tour What to See in an Hour Blog