The Art of Manliness | Men's Interests and Lifestyle Menu random podcast Get Style Clothing Accessories Facial Hair Ties Get Strong Fitness Health Program Review Get Social Family Fatherhood Relationships Social Skills Get Skilled How To Manly Know-How Outdoor/Survival Podcast Books Random Find more of the Art of Manliness: Instagram Feedly Facebook Twitter YouTube Search Clothing Accessories Facial Hair Ties My Favorite Fall Jacket A Man’s Guide to the Rugby Shirt 5 Ways to Wear an OCBD With Style Men Don’t Dress Like Boys The 3 Signature Fragrances Every Man Should Have The Dos and Don’ts of Applying Cologne Did Commandos Go Commando? A Man’s Guide to Fragrance: How to Choose and Wear Cologne How to Trim Your Eyebrows Your No-Nonsense Guide to Choosing the Right Beard Style How to Grow a Beard: The One and True Guide Beard Oil FAQs: Answering All Your Pressing Beardly Questions Skill of the Week: Tie a Full Windsor Necktie Knot How to Tie a Tie Skill of the Week: Put a Dimple in Your Tie Skill of the Week: Tie a Scarf 5 Different Ways Browse
 all Get Style Fitness Health Program Review The Safety Squat Bar: The Middle-Aged Man’s Secret Weapon for Leg Strength 10 Exercises You Can Do With a Medicine Ball What My Workout Has Looked Like Lately Podcast #1,086: Build Muscle Without the B.S. — A Straightforward Guide to Size and Strength Podcast #1,096: Why You Don’t Follow Through on Your Health Goals — and How to Fix It Podcast #1,092: Hercules at the Crossroads — Choosing the Hard Path That Leads to a Good Life Skill of the Week: Stop a Nosebleed Skill of the Week: Tape a Sprained Ankle The Insanely Difficult Standards of History’s Hardest P.E. Program Which Fitness Program Is Right for You? A Review of the MovNat Workshop Strengthen Your Tribe: A Report on the Atomic Athlete Vanguard Browse
 all Get Strong Family Fatherhood Relationships Social Skills Podcast #1,093: Family Culture and the Sibling Effect — What Really Shapes Who You Become 10 Rules for Raising Thriving Kids in a High-Tech World A Back-to-School Game Plan for Dads Podcast #1,056: The 80/80 Marriage — A New Model for a Happier, Stronger Relationship Podcast #1,085: The Preparation — An Adventure-Driven, Skill-Building Alternative to College for Young Men Podcast #1,072: Men Don’t Run in the Rain — And 7 Other Essential Lessons for Being a Man The Dad Instinct: How Fathers Prepare Kids for the Wider World The 4 Parenting Styles (And Which One Is Best) What Lonesome Dove Can Teach Us About the 4 Tensions of Friendship The Yearly Marriage Checkup Podcast #1,068: Building Tribe — How to Create and Sustain Communities of Men Podcast #1,060: No, There Isn’t a Loneliness Epidemic (And That May Be an Even Bigger Problem) How to Break Away From Someone at a Party Podcast #1,087: Why You Need the Good Stress of Socializing Podcast #1,070: How to Have the Manners and Charm of a Proper English Gentleman How to Flirt Like It’s 1995 Browse
 all Get Social How To Manly Know-How Outdoor/Survival How to Keep Your House Warmer (Without Cranking Up the Thermostat) How to Buy and Use a Burner Phone How to Crack a Whip Skill of the Week: Sharpen a Pocket Knife An Introduction to Lock Picking: How to Pick Pin Tumbler Locks Skill of the Week: Heel-And-Toe Shift Skill of the Week: Make a Rope Swing (And Fly Like Tarzan) Skill of the Week: Jump From a Height Into Water How to Properly Adjust Your Binoculars What to Pack in a Get Home Bag Skill of the Week: Fell a Tree With a Knife Skill of the Week: Cross a Piranha-Infested River Browse
 all Get Skilled The latest / / / Podcast #1,098: How to Use Probability Hacking to Achieve Your Goals Podcast #868: Escape the Happiness Trap The Most Popular AoM Articles and Podcast Episodes of 2025 How to Keep Your House Warmer (Without Cranking Up the Thermostat) Odds & Ends: December 19, 2025 How to Do a Fire Meditation Browse all latest / / / Will You Answer the Call of the New Strenuous Age? If you've wanted to take more action in your life -- if you've wanted to strengthen yourself in body, mind, and spirit, but haven't known where to start, then The Strenuous Life is for you. Get Character / / / Beyond “Sissy” Resilience: On Becoming Antifragile With our archives now 3,500+ articles deep, we’ve decided to republish a classic piece each Friday to ... Full article Thomas Jefferson’s 10 Rules for Life The 7 Habits: Put First Things First The Stages of a Man’s Life / / / Get Style 4 Ways to Level Up Your Casual Style Your casual clothes are the ones you wear on your own time.  It's hard to put boundaries on what pieces ... Full article How to Deal With a Bad Haircut 6 Style Tips for the Skinny Guy How to Grow a Mustache Get Strong / / / You May Be Strong . . . But Are You Tough? With our archives now 3,500+ articles deep, we’ve decided to republish a classic piece each Sunday to ... Full article The Herschel Walker Workout The 4 Rules of Bench Pressing Without a Spotter What to Do if You’re Skinny Fat / / / Get Skilled The 6 Fire Lays Every Man Should Know Every man should know how to build a fire. But every outdoor situation requires different types of ... Full article How to Survive a Plane Crash: 10 Tips That Could Save Your Life An Intro to the Military Phonetic Alphabet Skill of the Week: Measure Remaining Sunlight With Your Hands Get Ahead / / / Are You a Strategist or an Operator? In the years after World War I, longtime Army colleagues and friends George S. Patton and Dwight D. ... Full article 9 Things to Pay Top Dollar For 7 Personal Finance Goals for Your 30s Know-Nothing Investing: Index Funds For Beginners / / / Get Social 60+ Family Tradition Ideas Last week we published an article that discussed why and how to establish family traditions. Traditions ... Full article How Delaying Intimacy Can Benefit Your Relationship How to Make Small Talk Can Men and Women Just Be Friends? Get Cultured / / / How to Read More Books With our archives now 3,500+ articles deep, we’ve decided to republish a classic piece each Sunday to ... Full article Take a Homeric Bath The Ultimate Collection of Manly Last Words 3 Guitar Chords Every Man Should Know Never miss an update Subscribe to the AoM Newsletter Daily Weekly I agree to the privacy policy terms. Podcast #1,098 How to Use Probability Hacking to Achieve Your Goals Podcast #868 Escape the Happiness Trap Podcast #1,097 The Idea Machine — How Books Changed the World (and Still Matter) Podcast #1,096 Why You Don’t Follow Through on Your Health Goals — and How to Fix It View all aom podcast featured episodes Episode #214 How to Have a Good Day, Every Day Episode #581 The Tiny Habits That Change Everything Episode #168 The Value of Deep Work in the Age of Distraction Episode #644 How to Develop Greater Self-Awareness Episode #592 Being a Man in the Lousy Modern World / / / Get action; do things; be sane; don't fritter away your time; create; act; take a place wherever you are and be somebody; get action. Theodore Roosevelt The Art of Manliness Copyright © 2025 All Rights Reserved Contact Legal About All Topics Archives The Art of Manliness participates in affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links. We only recommend products we genuinely like, and purchases made through our links support our mission and the free content we publish here on AoM. × Want AoM at the top of your Google search results? Give them a bump. CLICK HERE.