Minneapolis Institute of Art Skip to main content Tickets Calendar Donate Search Exhibitions Art + Artists Visit Programs Support About Shop Mebon Reclining Vishnu, National Museum of Cambodia, Phnom Penh, Cambodia © The Royal Government of Cambodia / photo by Thierry Ollivier for the Guimet Museum. Royal Bronzes: Cambodian Art of the Divine Step into the splendor of Cambodia’s Khmer Empire. Featuring more than 200 objects, this exhibition offers an unprecedented look at Khmer bronze craftsmanship brought to light through recent archaeological discoveries. Explore SIGN UP for Mia Monthly — Catch up on the latest news, including exhibitions, programs, and behind-the-scenes buzz straight to your inbox. Coming Soon: Ice Sculptures at Mia Explore ice sculptures inspired by works from Mia’s collection, on view in the courtyard beginning January 8, 2026, until they melt. Become a Mia Member Contributions from members provide essential support to Mia and a year of valuable benefits to you! Join Mia or renew your membership today. Youth and Family Make memories every month at Family Day, get creative in studio programs, and play and learn with your toddler in the Family Center and Mini Mia. Plan Your Visit General admission is free. Special exhibitions, classes, and some talks and special events do require tickets : reservations are recommended. Monday: Closed Tuesday: 10 am –5 pm Wednesday: 10 am –5 pm Thursday:  10 am –9 pm Friday:  10 am –5 pm Saturday:  10 am –5 pm Sunday: 10 am –5 pm The museum is closed July 4, Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, and Christmas Day. Plan your visit Reserve Tickets Online Directions and Parking Frequently Asked Questions Gallery Map Policies and Guidelines Upcoming Events Royal Bronzes Member Days Thursday, January 1, 2026 10:00 am Discovery Days Wednesday, January 14, 2026 10:00 am View Calendar The Hub Welcome to the Hub, Mia’s editorial home. Dive deeper into the people, communities, and collaborations that make up Mia and our collection of more than 100,000 artworks. Find out how we’re inspiring wonder through the power of art across different areas of our work. Collection and Exhibitions Community and Partnerships People and Culture Programming and Events Sustainability and Preservation Blog Minneapolis Institute of Art 2400 Third Avenue South Minneapolis, Minnesota 55404 888 642 2787 (Toll Free) visit@artsmia.org Press Room Venue Rentals Careers Privacy Statement The Minneapolis Institute of Art is a tax exempt nonprofit. Tax identification number: 41-0693915