National Endowment for the Arts Home Page | National Endowment for the Arts Skip to main content Search Follow us on X Follow us on facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Apple store Follow us on instagram Follow us on youtube Menu Grants Grants Grants for Arts Projects Challenge America Our Town Research Awards Partnership Agreement Grants Volunteer to be an NEA Panelist Manage Your Award Recent Grants Initiatives Initiatives America250 Arts Education Partnership Blue Star Museums Creative Forces: NEA Military Healing Arts Network International Mayors' Institute on City Design Musical Theater Songwriting Challenge National Folklife Network NEA Big Read NEA Research Labs Poetry Out Loud Save America's Treasures Shakespeare in American Communities Stories Stories American Artscape Magazine NEA Art Works Podcast National Endowment for the Arts Blog Impact Impact States and Regions Research Accessibility Arts & Artifacts Indemnity Program Arts and Health Arts Education Creative Placemaking Disaster Readiness & Recovery for the Arts and Culture Sector Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) Literary Arts Media Arts Native Arts and Culture Honors Honors NEA Jazz Masters Fellowships National Heritage Fellowships National Medal of Arts News News Press Releases Upcoming Events About About NEA Chairman National Council on the Arts Leadership and Staff What Is the NEA Publications National Endowment for the Arts on COVID-19 Open Government Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Office of the Inspector General Civil Rights Office Appropriations History Make a Donation 2025 marks the 250th anniversary of the U.S. Army, Navy, and Marine Corps. Photo of the U.S. Army Blues Jazz Ensemble courtesy of the U.S. Army Band "Pershing's Own" Students watch a performance of "A Midsummer Night’s Dream" at Anser Charter School, part of the Idaho Shakespeare Festival’s Shakespeare in American Communities program. Photo by TwoBirdStudio Veterans learn basket weaving techniques at the Visual Arts Center of Richmond, a 2024 Creative Forces Community Engagement grant recipient. Photo courtesy of Visual Arts Center of Richmond 2024 Poetry Out Loud National Champion Niveah Glover. Photo by James Kegley Peniel Guerrier performs at the 2025 NEA National Heritage Fellowships events. Photo by Tom Pich Student songwriter Sydney Gray works with musicians as part of the 2024 Musical Theater Songwriting Challenge. Photo by Rebecca J. Michelson A service member performs a song written as part of the Creative Forces clinical music therapy activities at Join Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage, Alaska. Photo courtesy of Daielle Kalseth Ukrainian Bandurist Chorus of North America performs at the 2025 NEA National Heritage Fellowships events. Photo by Tom Pich What’s Happening at the NEA Apply for an NEA grant! Grants are available for arts projects of all sizes in a wide variety of artistic disciplines Next deadline: Feb. 12, 2026 Mary Anne Carter Confirmed as Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts NEA Awards 50 Grants for Arts Projects Honoring American Heroes Stories See All Stories Read 1965 in American Arts and Culture: A Creative Crossroads on the Road to America 250 Watch & Read Healing Through the Arts: How Creative Forces Supports Service Members at JBER Read America250: The Story of American Literature News See All News Nov 21, 2025 2026 NEA Jazz Masters Announced Jun 24, 2025 Creative Forces Supports Community Arts Engagement Projects for Military-Connected People Apr 02, 2025 Arts and Cultural Industries Grew at Twice the Rate of the U.S. Economy, Adding $1.2 Trillion Grants The National Endowment for the Arts awards grants to nonprofit organizations, creative writers and translators, state arts agencies, and regional arts organizations in support of arts projects across the country. Go to the Grants section » Volunteer to be an NEA panelist » Impact See the impact of the Arts Endowment on your state, and how the agency's work in research, accessibility, and other areas has had a major impact in the arts and culture of the country. Go to the Impact section » Some Facts about the National Endowment for the Arts The National Endowment for the Arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all Americans with opportunities for arts participation. Approximately 2,400 Grants Recommended for grant awards annually in all 50 states, DC, and U.S. territories. More than 60 Percent Percentage of Arts Endowment grants that go to small and medium-sized organizations (budgets up to $2 million). Approximately 34 Percent Percentage of Arts Endowment-funded activities in high-poverty communities. Some Facts from the National Endowment for the Arts These facts are based on the most recent data (2023) from the Arts and Cultural Production Satellite Account (ACPSA), which is produced jointly by the National Endowment for the Arts’ Office of Research & Analysis and the Bureau of Economic Analysis, U.S. Commerce Department. The ACPSA tracks the annual economic impact of arts and cultural production from 35 industries, both commercial and nonprofit. $1.2 trillion Amount the arts and cultural industries contribute to the U.S. economy. 4.2 Percent Percentage of the nation’s Gross Domestic Product is accounted for by arts and cultural industries. Nearly 5.4 Million Americans work in the arts and cultural industries on payroll. Some Facts about the National Endowment for the Arts The National Endowment for the Arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all Americans with diverse opportunities for arts participation. 62 Cents The Arts Endowment’s annual cost to each American. 0.003 Percent The Arts Endowment’s percentage of the federal budget. Nearly $6 Billion Amount awarded by the Arts Endowment since its beginning in 1965. Some Facts from the National Endowment for the Arts These facts are based on the most recent data (2022) from the Survey of Public Participation in the Arts (SPPA), a national survey conducted in partnership with the U.S. Census Bureau that has allowed cultural policymakers, arts managers, scholars, and journalists to obtain reliable statistics about American patterns of arts engagement. Utah The state’s percentage of adults who attended a live performing arts event (62 percent) exceeded that of the national percentage of U.S. adults (38 percent). Vermont The percentage of the state’s adults who read a literary work (60 percent) far exceeded the national average (38 percent). Wisconsin The state’s adult population created or performed any type of art at a higher percentage (73 percent) than the national average for U.S. adults (52 percent). Some Facts about the National Endowment for the Arts The National Endowment for the Arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all Americans with opportunities for arts participation. Approximately $8 million Amount of arts education funding for lifelong learning projects annually. More than 24 million Estimated number of people who attend a live arts event annually. 42 Percentage of NEA grants awarded to localities of less than a million people. Stay Connected to the National Endowment for the Arts Sign up for our newsletters and magazine Newsletter Signup Magazine Signup About Contact Us Civil Rights FOIA No Fear Act Inspector General Accessibility Privacy Policy Disclaimers Open Government USA.gov Section 508 Accessibility Scam Regarding NEA Grants 400 7th Street, SW, Washington, DC 20506 202.682.5400 Follow us on X Follow us on facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Apple store Follow us on instagram Follow us on youtube