The Mesothelioma Center: Support for Cancer Patients & Families Skip to main content Open Open navigation menu Mesothelioma Back What Is Mesothelioma? Types Pleural Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Sarcomatoid Mesothelioma Symptoms Getting Diagnosed Misdiagnosis Prognosis Life Expectancy Survival Rate Statistics Stages Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Stage 4 Causes Asbestos Asbestos Exposure Military Exposure Occupational Exposure Lung Cancer Explore All Mesothelioma Topics Treatment Back Understand Your Treatment Options Surgery Chemotherapy Radiation Multimodal Therapy Immunotherapy Clinical Trials Alternative Treatments Palliative Care Hospice Care Connect With Top Doctors Find a Treatment Center Veteran Treatment Centers Cost of Treatment Search for a Cure Connect With Our Network of Over 500 Mesothelioma Doctors Explore All Treatment Topics Financial Help Back Explore Compensation Options Asbestos Trust Funds Settlements Filing a Claim After Death Workers’ Compensation Find a Mesothelioma Lawyer File a Mesothelioma Lawsuit Help Filing a Claim Statute of Limitations on Claims Legal Information for Your State Help for Veterans Veteran Benefit FAQs Explore All Legal Topics Survivor Stories & Support Back Featured Stories of Survivors Kevin's Triumph Over Mesothelioma Navy Veteran Defies the Odds as Mesothelioma Survivor Carla's Inspiring Mesothelioma Journey Michael's Tips for Surviving Mesothelioma Wall of Hope Read Experiences From Hundreds of Mesothelioma Survivors Patient Resources Coping with a Diagnosis Diet & Nutrition Managing Mental Health Raising Awareness Family Resources Caregiver Resources Coping with Loss End-of-Life Planning Join Our Support Group Who We Are Back Our Team Patient Advocates Medical Outreach Veterans Outreach Home Health & Hospice Outreach Expert Contributors Mesothelioma News Blog Featured Stories Asbestos.com Webinars Video Library Patient Testimonials Community Partnerships How We Give Back Awards Contact Us Find a Doctor Get an Attorney Free Mesothelioma Guide Access Financial Assistance Get Exclusive Information from Medical and Legal Experts Sign Up for Our Newsletter (855) 404-4592 Live Chat Placeholder header to prevent layout shift Epifanio F. Mesothelioma Survivor Personalized Support. Expert Care. Every Step of the Way. The Nation’s Most Trusted Mesothelioma Resource A mesothelioma diagnosis changes everything. You don't have to face it alone. For nearly two decades, The Mesothelioma Center at Asbestos.com has supported thousands of families with the expertise, answers, and trusted guidance they need all in one place. Our team provides solutions for pursuing compensation, arranging care with top mesothelioma specialists, and delivering personalized support for your financial, legal, medical and emotional needs. We’re here to lead you through what’s next, every step of the way. Get Our Free Mesothelioma Guide 5/5 Based on 150+ Google reviews A + Rating BBB Accredited Business 50% of U.S. mesothelioma patients turn to us for help each year 100+ Years of combined experience on our Patient Advocate team helping mesothelioma patients 10,000+ families secured legal, financial and medical help 500+ trusted relationships with the nation’s top mesothelioma doctors and legal specialists Watch: Here’s how we can help you How We Help You After a Mesothelioma Diagnosis We know how overwhelming this can feel. That’s why our team walks you through each step directly, personally and with compassion. We know what you need, and when you need it. We’re here to make life easier during the most important moments. View All Our Patient & Family Support Resources Exclusive Content |  What Sets The Mesothelioma Center Apart The Services Families Rely on Most Get Expert Legal Help Today Every mesothelioma case is different. We know that. With decades of experience helping families, we’ve developed the expertise to direct you to the best legal and financial resolutions for you and your family. Get Help "Because of you, my mother will be financially set. " — Starr G. Get Expert Legal Help Today Every mesothelioma case is different. We know that. With decades of experience helping families, we’ve developed the expertise to direct you to the best legal and financial resolutions for you and your family. "Because of you, my mother will be financially set. " — Starr G. Find the Right Specialist Fast We partner with 500+ doctors and hospitals and can schedule an appointment, so you get seen quickly and often faster than if you called yourself. Start Now "Because of their guidance, I was able to navigate getting my mother into MD Anderson when her case got put aside by mistake." — Deanna B. Find the Right Specialist Fast We partner with 500+ doctors and hospitals and can schedule an appointment, so you get seen quickly and often faster than if you called yourself. "Because of their guidance, I was able to navigate getting my mother into MD Anderson when her case got put aside by mistake." — Deanna B. Understand Your Financial Options From asbestos trust funds and insurance claims to VA benefits, we find you every possible route to financial relief. Learn More "If I didn’t have that compensation, I’d have been in debt for the rest of my life." — Kim M. Understand Your Financial Options From asbestos trust funds and insurance claims to VA benefits, we find you every possible route to financial relief. "If I didn’t have that compensation, I’d have been in debt for the rest of my life." — Kim M. Get a Free Guide Customized for You Our mesothelioma guide helps answer all your questions after a diagnosis. It’s reviewed by medical experts, personalized for your diagnosis and shipped overnight for free. Request My Guide "The information was on my doorstep the next day. So much better than Googling." — Margie H. Get a Free Guide Customized for You Our mesothelioma guide helps answer all your questions after a diagnosis. It’s reviewed by medical experts, personalized for your diagnosis and shipped overnight for free. "The information was on my doorstep the next day. So much better than Googling." — Margie H. What Can We Help You Find? Mesothelioma Information Treatment for Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Legal Options Veterans Information Find What You Need Search Meet the People Who Will Help You Our Patient Advocate team includes nurses, doctors, lawyers and VA-accredited claims agents trained to help patients like you. They listen, answer questions and guide you step-by-step. Talk to a Patient Advocate Now Karen Selby, RN Registered Nurse and Patient Advocate. Dr. Catherine Perrault Medical Officer and Board-Certified Family Physician Snehal Smart, M.D. Medical Doctor and Patient Advocate Danielle DiPietro VA-Accredited Claims Agent Joseph Lahav, Esquire Lawyer and On-Site Legal Advisor Aaron Munz Director of Veterans Department Previous Card Next Card As Featured In Where Trusted Information Becomes Real-World Action Board-certified doctors, top mesothelioma attorneys, researchers, and licensed experts who treat and represent mesothelioma patients review our site. Their experience ensures you get the most accurate and latest information about mesothelioma. Exclusive Content Dr. David Sugarbaker: Exclusive interview with a pioneer in the mesothelioma community Meet Our Expert Team Dr. Jacques Fontaine Thoracic Surgeon Dr. W. Charles Conway Surgical Oncologist Samuel Meirowitz Mesothelioma Attorney Daniel Wasserberg Mesothelioma Attorney Stories From Survivors & Caregivers Trust is built through experience. That’s why we publish stories from survivors and caregivers who’ve walked this path, offering firsthand insight and hope when you need it most. 1:42 Patient Story |  Mesothelioma survivor Kim M. shares her story More From Survivors & Caregivers: Stories From Survivors Pastor With Mesothelioma Shares Progress and Hope Stories From Survivors A Mesothelioma Caregiver Reflects on Hospice and Support Stories From Survivors Mesothelioma Survivor Discusses Her Support Group Experience Read More Survivor Stories More From Survivors & Caregivers: ← Previous Next → Stories From Survivors Pastor With Mesothelioma Shares Progress and Hope Stories From Survivors A Mesothelioma Caregiver Reflects on Hospice and Support Stories From Survivors Mesothelioma Survivor Discusses Her Support Group Experience Read More Survivor Stories Connect With Our Community The Mesothelioma Center is home to the nation’s most active mesothelioma communities, connecting patients, caregivers, survivors, and experts through trusted news, emotional support and shared experiences. Here’s how you can get involved. Latest News & Blogs Stay informed with articles on asbestos lawsuits, treatment breakthroughs, clinical trials, and more. Real stories, practical tips, and expert insights from survivors and caregivers. Latest News Latest Blogs Featured Articles Read our exclusive content on topics that educate and enlighten you, while bringing attention to issues that shape your diagnosis and treatment. More Featured Articles Attend a Support Group Led by a licensed mental health counselor and registered nurse, our online support group gives patients and caregivers a place to connect and be heard. Attend Now Join Our Facebook Group A private, supportive space to connect with others on the same journey. Keep Up With Us View Upcoming Events Webinars, awareness campaigns and live expert Q&As. View All Events Follow Us Connect with us through our social media. Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Address 1 S. Orange Ave., Suite 301, Orlando, FL 32801 Connect with us Navigation Mesothelioma Finding Treatment Help For Veterans Legal Options Asbestos Exposure About Contact Us News Press Editorial Guidelines Monthly Newsletter Stay up-to-date on treatment, research, clinical trials, doctors and survivors Sign Up Now The information on this website is proprietary and protected.  It is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Any unauthorized or illegal use, copying or dissemination will be prosecuted. Please read our privacy policy and terms of service for more information about our website. This website and its content may be deemed attorney advertising. Prior results do not predict a similar outcome. The Mesothelioma Center’s claim as the most trusted resource is based on our more than 150 5-star Google and BBB reviews. Our organization also helps more than half of all mesothelioma patients annually diagnosed. Our Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Data Request Limit My Sensitive Information ©2025 by Asbestos.com and The Mesothelioma Center. All rights reserved. | Last Modified July 7, 2025 Diagnosed With Mesothelioma? Get Help Paying for Treatment Access Financial Help Your web browser is no longer supported by Microsoft. Update your browser for more security, speed and compatibility. If you are looking for mesothelioma support, please contact our Patient Advocates at (855) 404-4592 Close Button The Mesothelioma Center Google Reviews Dan Ransdell in the last week When we received the news my father had mesothelioma, we were shocked and really knew nothing about this cancer.  Fortunately, we quickly discovered the Mesothelioma Center and they were a wealth of knowledge for me and my family.  They were helpful as we tried to understand the medical diagnosis, treatment options, weighing the pros and cons of treatment given my father's health situation, etc.  My father was a navy veteran and they also provided helpful insight as we navigated the VA processes which were all new to us.  Last, we were not aware of the trust funds that have been established to assist families of mesothelioma and Abestos related sicknesses, and the Mesothelioma center was also very helpful in making us aware of the possible financial assistance available to victims.

Thank you Mesothelioma Center for all the information, insights and assistance that you have provided to my family! Fred Pittenger a week ago Scrambling to find answers to my brother-in-law’s abrupt shocking diagnosis of Mesothelioma quickly led me to the Asbestos Org. Danielle and the others here were fast responding and extremely helpful and supportive leading to my brother-in-law’s surgery by the best group possible at Wake Forest Babtist.
These folks are very helpful assisting you through the frightening diagnosis of Mesothelioma 85nikki96 4 months ago I have a complicated case in regard to DIC.  Have been very stressed; distressed and overwhelmed.  I found Aaron Munz online, thank God, and he is wonderful.  Informative,  knowledgeable, and the best part: patient and kind. Many complicated things going on at once in my head were simplified by him into somethihg I can handle.  I was nervous but he was calm. He cares and is very willing to help. He sincerely wants the best for us. The VA should feel very fortunate to have him. Dominiquetrix Brewer 2 months ago Aaron did a virtual training for us here at Harris County Veteran Services and it was very informative. We have since sent veterans for assistance with asbestos exposure claims. Thanks for your continued support! Tim Hutchinson 2 months ago I have had the pleasure of hearing Aaron present on Asbestos exposure related illnesses on several occasions. His presentations are always packed with the most up to date usable information. I would highly recommend his presentation and access to his organization to any entity who oversees, trains, or employs VSO's. Thank you, Aaron! Close Button Reviewed & Fact-Checked This page was  reviewed by: Fact-checked and verified content: Our fact-checking process begins with a thorough review of all sources to ensure they are high quality. Then we cross-check the facts with original medical or scientific reports published by those sources, or we validate the facts with reputable news organizations, medical and scientific experts and other health experts. Each page includes all sources for full transparency. Please read our editorial guidelines to learn more about our content creation and review process.