Ascendoor » Themes, Plugins, Support, Customizations Account Ascendoor Themes Premium Themes Free Themes Plugins Why Us? Contact Hire a Customizer Hire a Customizer Premium WordPress Themes Use our fully customizable themes to build stunning websites for your business needs. Browse Themes Recent Themes Routine News Pro Routine News Pro is a modern, streamlined WordPress theme designed specifically for news sites, online […] More Detail Recent Themes Blog Corner Pro Blog Corner Pro is a sleek, modern WordPress theme perfect for both personal and professional […] More Detail Recent Themes Headline News Pro Headline News Pro is a modern, streamlined WordPress theme designed specifically for news sites, online […] More Detail Recent Themes Expert News Pro Expert News Pro is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online […] More Detail Recent Themes Scope News Pro Scope News Pro is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online […] More Detail Recent Themes Media News Pro Media News Pro is a lightweight, minimalist, and performance-focused WordPress theme designed for news, magazine, […] More Detail Recent Themes Nova Blog Pro Nova Blog Pro is a stylish and modern WordPress theme designed for both personal and […] More Detail Recent Themes Classica Press Pro Classica Press Pro is a stylish WordPress theme with a timeless black-and-white design, perfect for […] More Detail Recent Themes Capital News Pro Capital News Pro is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online […] More Detail Recent Themes Odyssey Blog Pro Odyssey Blog Pro is a sleek, modern WordPress theme perfect for personal and professional bloggers. […] More Detail Recent Themes Detail News Pro Detail News Pro is a WordPress theme designed specifically for news, magazines, publishers, blogs, editors, […] More Detail Recent Themes News Steam Pro News Steam Pro is a sleek and modern WordPress theme tailored for news, magazine, and […] More Detail Recent Themes News Vault Pro News Vault Pro is a clean, minimalist, and performance-optimized WordPress theme built for news, magazine, […] More Detail Recent Themes Spark Blog Pro Spark Blog Pro is a top choice for bloggers seeking a fast, user-friendly experience. Designed […] More Detail Recent Themes Rapid News Pro Rapid News Pro is a WordPress theme designed specifically for news, magazines, publishers, blogs, editors, […] More Detail Themes Premium Free Routine News is a modern, streamlined WordPress theme designed specifically for news sites, online magazines, […] Routine News View Details View Demos Routine News Pro is a modern, streamlined WordPress theme designed specifically for news sites, online […] Routine News Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Blog Corner is a sleek, modern WordPress theme perfect for both personal and professional blogs. […] Blog Corner View Details View Demos Blog Corner Pro is a sleek, modern WordPress theme perfect for both personal and professional […] Blog Corner Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Headline News is a modern, streamlined WordPress theme designed specifically for news sites, online magazines, […] Headline News View Details View Demos Headline News Pro is a modern, streamlined WordPress theme designed specifically for news sites, online […] Headline News Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Expert News is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online magazines, […] Expert News View Details View Demos Expert News Pro is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online […] Expert News Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Scope News is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online magazines, […] Scope News View Details View Demos Scope News Pro is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online […] Scope News Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Media News is a lightweight, minimalist, and performance-focused WordPress theme designed for news, magazine, and […] Media News View Details View Demos Media News Pro is a lightweight, minimalist, and performance-focused WordPress theme designed for news, magazine, […] Media News Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Nova Blog is a stylish and modern WordPress theme designed for both personal and professional […] Nova Blog View Details View Demos Nova Blog Pro is a stylish and modern WordPress theme designed for both personal and […] Nova Blog Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Classica Press is a stylish WordPress theme with a timeless black-and-white design, perfect for news, […] Classica Press View Details View Demos Classica Press Pro is a stylish WordPress theme with a timeless black-and-white design, perfect for […] Classica Press Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Capital News is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online magazines, […] Capital News View Details View Demos Capital News Pro is a sleek and modern WordPress theme built for news websites, online […] Capital News Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Odyssey Blog is a sleek, modern WordPress theme perfect for personal and professional bloggers. It’s […] Odyssey Blog View Details View Demos Odyssey Blog Pro is a sleek, modern WordPress theme perfect for personal and professional bloggers. […] Odyssey Blog Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Detail News ( child theme of Macro News ) is a versatile magazine template ideal […] Detail News View Details View Demos Detail News Pro is a WordPress theme designed specifically for news, magazines, publishers, blogs, editors, […] Detail News Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos News Steam is a sleek and modern WordPress theme tailored for news, magazine, and portal […] News Steam View Details View Demos News Steam Pro is a sleek and modern WordPress theme tailored for news, magazine, and […] News Steam Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos News Vault is a clean, minimalist, and performance-optimized WordPress theme built for news, magazine, and […] News Vault View Details View Demos News Vault Pro is a clean, minimalist, and performance-optimized WordPress theme built for news, magazine, […] News Vault Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Spark Blog is a top choice for bloggers seeking a fast, user-friendly experience. Designed for professionals, […] Spark Blog View Details View Demos Spark Blog Pro is a top choice for bloggers seeking a fast, user-friendly experience. Designed […] Spark Blog Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Rapid News is a WordPress theme designed specifically for news, magazines, publishers, blogs, editors, online […] Rapid News View Details View Demos Rapid News Pro is a WordPress theme designed specifically for news, magazines, publishers, blogs, editors, […] Rapid News Pro $59.99 $38.99 Buy Now View Demos Browse More Testimonials What our customers are saying Easy To Install and Customize I give this theme five stars as it is fairly easy to install and the broad selection of widgets and blocks are easily adaptable for a variety of purposes. Support are very helpful and quick to respond, though it would be nice to have a support forum. Deborah Gabriel (CharityUp Pro user) Excellent Theme I bought this theme to overhaul my personal website and it is great for showcasing different aspects of my work. The theme is fairly easy to use and customer support excellent – fast response and solutions. Deborah Gabriel (Charity Elite Pro user) Great Theme - Easy, Bug Free and Great! Really enjoying this theme, it so simple to set up , great demo content and easy to use, bug free (Which we like!) and licensed for a couple of sites, that look very different – great work, highly recommend! Lee Kings (Newspulse Magazine Pro user) Love this theme! After trying several different themes and running into issues, I tried this one and my website came together nicely. Very satisfied. Marsha Atkins (Minimalistic Blog Pro user) Amazing support I’m so happy with the theme and the amazing support offered. Best choice ever to go with this company. Tracie V (Travellable Pro user) Perfect theme for full width I found this theme perfect for a personal blog. I had a few troubles getting it started, but I emailed the support team and they were able to help me out and even implemented a few features that I suggested. Would recommend to anyone! jarimichu (Elite Blog user) Slightly frustrating formating limitations, but unsurpassed support While the heading of this review starts with negativity, the thing I really want to stress about using the Apex News theme has been that the customer service is at a level that I haven’t ever experienced: brilliant in every way. They will design you your own CSS if the default isn’t to your liking, and they are available 24/7 with prompt response time. Brilliant, brilliant stuff Andy Corbley (Apex News Pro user) Amazing Theme was perfect for what I needed and the customer support at Ascendoor is unmatched, would 10/10 use again and recommend to others. Joe Bale (Top Charity Pro user) Wonderful theme Even though I have nothing to do with the legal profession, the Legal News Pro theme is so vey versatile and offers so many design options that my restaurant review blog looks professional with a visitor friendly ease-of-use. Though the theme is very intuitive, I’ve had a few questions that the support team responded to quickly. Gil Garduno (Legal News Pro user) Great so far, but still new to this. So far the theme installed easily and my design is going well. I still have a lot to learn and haven’t used most of the features. I hope that my continued use of this product continues to go well as I figure everything out. Danita Mayer (EducateUp Pro user) Features? 01 Fully Responsive 01 Fully Responsive 02 Easy Demo Setup 03 Developer Friendly 04 WooCommerce Compatible 05 Fully Optimized 06 Translation ready 07 Cross Browser Compatible Fully Responsive All our themes are compatible across different viewports. All our designs respond to the user’s behavior based on screen size, platform and orientation. Easy Demo Setup All our themes come bundled with an importer plugin which makes it easier for setting up the demo content. You choose the basic settings and the plugin takes care of the rest with simple clicks. Developer Friendly All the functionalities of our themes can be overwritten with the use child theme. Additionally, the functionalities are hooked so that they can be removed or modified as per your requirement. WooCommerce Compatible All of our themes are compatible with WooCommerce, following necessary guidelines which aid in the setup of an eCommerce solution for your business. Fully Optimized Our developers have built our themes considering SEO schemas and are optimized for a better loading experience. All codes are re-factorized and well structured to bring down the load time considerably. Translation ready All our themes are translation ready, that is, you can use our themes not just for English, you can translate the strings and use them for other languages as well. Additionally, all our themes are WPML compatible, so that the options are unlimited. Cross Browser Compatible Our themes are built considering most of the latest browsers and are tested for compatibility even for some older versions of different browsers. This helps in seamless view across all browser environments. Compatibility Seamless Compatibility with When we designed our theme, our focus has always been on compatibility. Our themes are now compatible with Why Us? 01. Dedicated Support Our support team are backbone of our sales. We provide response/solution within 24 hours of any issues raised to us. 02. Skilled Developers All our themes are developed by our experience team with more than 7 years of hands on experience working with numerous themes of similar stature in their professional experience. 03. Quality Dedicated support, skilled developers and unique design are some of our USPs which helps scaling the quality of our product. More About Us Get the latest updates regularly Join our Mailing List Ascendoor elevates your business needs as a one stop solution. It’s a place for themes and plugins shop. Ascendoor provides unique design themes with highly compatible plugins aided by an excellent dedicated support. Themes Why Us? Blogs My Account Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2025 Ascendoor. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie Settings Accept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT