Ashampoo® – Home of Software - Ashampoo® // Home of Software skip to main content Products Multimedia Image and video editing plus perfect sound System Backups, security, and Windows optimization Productivity Burning programs, Office and CAD solutions Security Protection and Privacy Games PC and Browser games Mobile Apps Apps for Android and iOS Knowledge and Learning Interesting Ebooks Deals % More Ashampoo ® App The whole world of software in a single platform Volume licenses Efficient B2B software solutions Who is Ashampoo? Who we are & what we stand for Marketplace partners Your software in our shop Tips & Tricks Exciting current topics and interesting insights Downloads All our free downloads on one page Support Our help desk is always there for you 1 product found products found Frequently searched Ashampoo ® PDF Pro 5 ⁠ new! The complete PDF package–fast, efficient, and intuitive Ashampoo ® WinOptimizer 28 ⁠ More control, security, and power for your PC! Ashampoo ® Snap 17 ⁠ Professional screen capturing just got even smarter my Ashampoo Log in / Sign up Log in my Ashampoo Log in E-mail * Password * Log in now Remember me Forgot password? Don't have an Ashampoo account yet? Sign up now Your cart You save Total price Go to checkout Haven't found anything yet? Take a look at our Software Deals % Products Multimedia System Productivity Security Games Mobile Apps Knowledge and Learning Deals % Ashampoo ® App Who is Ashampoo? Marketplace partners Volume licenses Tips & Tricks Downloads Support United States Light mode Dark mode Winter Sale See bargains Our recommendations for you Ashampoo ® WinOptimizer 28 More control, security, and power for your PC! Discover the next generation of system optimization! Ashampoo ® Win­Optimizer 28⁠ More control, security, and power for your PC! Ashampoo ® Driver Updater⁠ For the perfect system - always the latest drivers Ashampoo ® Backup Pro 27⁠ new! Best-in-class backups–modern, fast, reliable Ashampoo ® Snap 17⁠ Professional screen capturing just got even smarter Newest products Movavi Movavi Video Suite 2026⁠ new! Edit, convert and record your screen – all in one smart, AI-driven suite Acronis Acronis True Image 2025⁠ new! Ashampoo ® Burning Studio 27⁠ new! The classic burning software – modern, reliable, future-proof Ashampoo ® Welcome 2026 Bundle⁠ new! Four Top Tools for the price of one Always the right software Our wide range of in-house developments and partner products caters to your every need. Multimedia System Productivity Security Games Mobile Apps Knowledge and Learning Image and video editing plus perfect sound From image to video editing: Multimedia software gets it done. Discover powerful programs that bring your photos, clips, and sounds to life. Expressing your creativity and getting professional results has never been this easy! Show all products in Multimedia Backups, security, and Windows optimization Every PC needs solid system software. This category has everything you need to create backups, give your Windows a speed boost, and keep your system up to date. Back up your data and optimize your computer with the best tools on the market! Show all products in System Burning programs, Office and CAD solutions Office software is key to productivity in the workplace. Programs aimed at common office tasks, tax returns, CAD, CD and DVD burning, PDF editing, and screnshotting make your office life easier and help you to optimize your work processes. It's an essential collection for anyone who values precision and efficiency! Show all products in Productivity Protection and Privacy Security software is your bodyguard in the digital realm. It protects users against intruders with anti-virus and anti-spy programs, grants anonymous internet access with VPNs, and safely manages passwords. Play it safe and sound with verified brand-name security programs! Show all products in Security PC and Browser games Computer games provide unfettered entertainment–for PC enthusiasts and web surfers alike. Action-packed titles for adrenaline junkies, multi-faceted game collections for explorers, and classy remakes for nostalgics: It's a gamer's paradise! Show all products in Games Apps for Android and iOS Apps that make all the difference: Manage your precious photos, boost your Android experience, and instantly capture important screen contents. Everything you need to enrich your mobile life! Show all products in Mobile Apps Interesting Ebooks From Windows to photo expert: Our collection of ebooks allows you to dive deep into various fascinating topics. Become a master photographer, learn more about the intricacies of operating systems, or turn yourself into an Excel expert. And that's only a fraction of what's in store for you! Start your hands-on digital learning experience today. Show all products in Knowledge and Learning Software Deals ⁠ % Discover exciting products from various areas at unbeatable prices in our Software Deals! Ashampoo ® Anti­Spy Pro⁠ Stop the user tracking in Windows and other software! The logical complement to your anti-virus software $ 15 $ 40 −62% Ashampoo ® ZOOM #3⁠ Stunning enlargements, crystal-clear results! $ 18 $ 70 −74% F-Secure Internet Security⁠ Online protection for all devices $ 45 $ 80 −43% Abelssoft Anti­Ransomware 2025⁠ Instant protection against data hijacking – before it’s too late! $ 20 $ 30 −33% Show all Software Deals Freeware Ashampoo is known for its extensive selection of high-quality freeware for Windows. No matter what you're looking for, Ashampoo has a solution tailored to your needs. Our free software undergoes the same rigorous testing as our paid programs and also receives regular updates. This not only ensures optimal performance but also protection against potential security threats. 100% FREE Ashampoo ® Burning Studio 2025⁠ Burn, copy, and rip with great ease 100% FREE Ashampoo ® Music Studio 2024⁠ Music software for editing, organizing, and burning songs and audiobooks. 100% FREE Ashampoo ® Windows 11 Compatibility Check⁠ Check your Windows 11 compatibility 100% FREE Ashampoo ® Registry Cleaner 2⁠ Update your registry and optimize the performance of your PC Show all free downloads Four must-have applications for you! We've picked four free programs you shouldn't be without! The 4 free Must Haves for any PC! Get them for free now Apps Apps for Android and iOS Ashampoo ® Droid Commander⁠ The new file manager from the makers of Droid Optimizer Ashampoo ® Ten Seconds⁠ Ten Seconds - the tap game! The Ashampoo Blog Insights into old and new technology, developments in the digital world, and observations from everyday life. Sven Krumrey Editor-in-Chief Life The Ashampoo Blog team wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy 2026! You can’t force Christmas spirit—but sometimes you find it just outside the city. December 22, 2025 Life The walk of shame If doctors make the worst patients, computer scientists make the worst IT support cases. October 2, 2025 Life Ashampoo Blog 10 year anniversary: What changed, what remains 2015 wasn't that long ago, was it? Looking back on ten years of Ashampoo Blog, it feels very different! July 3, 2025 Show all posts // Home of Software Ashampoo has the right software for your digital life: intuitive, secure and always at a fair price. Products Multimedia System Productivity Security Games Mobile Apps Knowledge and Learning About us Who is Ashampoo? Sustainability Ashampoo Labs Jobs Contact // CRASH Building⁠ Collaborations Volume licenses Marketplace partners Become a partner Media-Center Legal About General Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie settings Payment methods Return and refund policy Support Help Desk⁠ Shop Support⁠ Insiders Deals % Downloads Ashampoo App Redeem code Tips & Tricks Service letter my Ashampoo © 1999–2025 Ashampoo GmbH & Co. KG Blog Facebook YouTube Your session has expired Please refresh the page to continue. Refresh