Ashley Madison® - Discreet Dating™ | 91 Million Like-minded Members* joined since 2002 Where Desire Meets Discretion™ Log in Where Desire Meets Discretion™ Join Now Log in English 🇺🇸 USA English 🇺🇸 USA Millions of people just like you are looking for a discreet connection. Ashley Madison ® is the world-leading dating app for discreet relationships with 91 million members * worldwide since 2002. We pioneered a revolutionary approach to online matchmaking by building an exclusive dating service specifically designed for private connections, where discretion isn't just a feature—it's the foundation of everything we do. The Importance of Discretion in Modern Dating In today's digital age, privacy in dating is more important than ever. Ashley Madison recognizes that individuals have the right to keep their personal relationships private. Whether you're single looking for dates, in an open relationship , exploring polyamory or ethical non-monogamy,  interested in casual dating, or seeking alternative dating experiences, Ashley Madison ensures that all users can connect with like-minded individuals while maintaining complete control over the level of privacy and discretion they desire. A New Chapter: Where Desire Meets Discretion™ We've replaced our old tagline, " Life is Short, Have an Affair ® " tailored to married people, with a new mantra that reflects our commitment to discretion and user trust: "Where Desire Meets Discretion." This change embodies our evolution as a platform and our recognition that modern daters value privacy above all else. From Affairs to Discreet Connections: Our Journey Ashley Madison was known as the leading married dating site since 2002. While we previously primarily catered to married women and men looking for affair dating , we've listened to our members and adapted to the changing landscape of modern dating. Today, we're proud to expand to a broader discreet dating platform for millions of individuals seeking privacy in their relationships. Our members are united in a desire to seek out real, discreet connections and Ashley Madison gives you a platform to search for what you're missing. Respect, Trust, and Community As a judgment-free space, Ashley Madison revolves around the idea that consenting adults should be able to keep their relationships private. 91 million members joined this like-minded community since 2002, inspiring us to build a platform for those seeking genuine connections based on a shared desire for discretion. Our community thrives on mutual respect, trust, and a common understanding of the importance of confidentiality. Member Experiences “I came across polyamory by chance and I haven’t looked back since. I use Ashley Madison because it connects me with other people who have similar relationship expectations and are more upfront about what they want.” Sean†, 40s, Canada “It’s been a really positive experience for me on Ashley Madison. I’ve had some genuinely engaging and enjoyable conversations and built a few meaningful connections.. Ashley Madison works for me because it feels secure." Jim†, 40s, UK "Since I’ve been a member on Ashley Madison, I’ve… never felt sexier or more desirable. For women thinking about it, they should join, they’ll have plenty of options." Liz†, 40s, UK “I came across polyamory by chance and I haven’t looked back since. I use Ashley Madison because it connects me with other people who have similar relationship expectations and are more upfront about what they want.” Sean†, 40s, Canada “It’s been a really positive experience for me on Ashley Madison. I’ve had some genuinely engaging and enjoyable conversations and built a few meaningful connections.. Ashley Madison works for me because it feels secure." Jim†, 40s, UK Get the Ashley Madison Dating App Download the app today and access comprehensive discretion-focused dating features including photo encryption, permission-based private image sharing, stealth mode for iOS devices, and anonymous billing. Connect with confidence using tools designed for your privacy. FAQ Is Ashley Madison a dating app? Ashley Madison is a dating app exclusively for making discreet connections, with 91 million members joined since 2002. It was formerly known as the leading affairs and married dating site, now transformed into a Discretion-Focused Dating App serving millions of like-minded members who are seeking a private, discreet dating experience. What charge appears on my billing statement? Statements are billed discreetly using a billing descriptor that doesn’t indicate that the payment is for Ashley Madison. Exceptions may apply as some banks or credit card companies can override our discreet descriptor on your invoice. Read more » How can I pay for Ashley Madison discreetly? We understand the importance of discretion, and offer several private payment options. PayPal, prepaid VISA/Mastercard credit cards, money orders/cashier’s checks (for U.S. and Canadian members) and region-specific private payment options are all available so you can pay anonymously if needed. Read more » Is it safe to be a member of Ashley Madison? From continued investments in security and moderation capabilities, to investigations of imposters who target the dating community, the safety and security of our members is at the forefront of everything we do. When you join the Ashley Madison community, we ensure that you have the best and safest experience on our platform. Can I browse Ashley Madison without signing up? To begin exploring Ashley Madison’s vast member base, you first need to create an account. The sign-up process is easy, discreet, and completely free. View more Models are used for illustrative purposes. * Number of Member accounts joined since launching in 2002. † Names have been changed to protect members’ anonymity. Join Now Already a member? Log in Press Affiliate Program Support Blog Terms Privacy Safety Tips Cookie Policy Sitemap © 2002 - 2025 Ruby Life Inc.