Home | Ashoka | Everyone a Changemaker Skip to content Ashoka South Korea You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Search Search Hamburger MENU Close About Ashoka Worldwide Ashoka Korea Annual Reports News Contact What We Do Our Priorities Social Entrepreneurship Empathy and Young Changemaking Organizing for Changemaking Programs in Korea Venture & Fellowship Our Impact Ashoka Fellows Get Involved Events Donate You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Search Search Location & Language Settings EN You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Select Country Andean Region Arab World Austria Bangladesh Belgium Brazil Canada Chile Conosur Este Czechia & Slovakia East Africa France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Israel Italy Japan Malaysia & Singapore Mexico Netherlands Nordic Region Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Sahel (Senegal) South Korea Southern Africa Spain Switzerland Thailand Turkey UK & Ireland United States Western Africa Select Language English 한국어 Everyone a Changemaker Ashoka builds and cultivates a community of change leaders who see that the world now requires everyone to be a changemaker. Together, we are transforming the new inequality facing societies worldwide into a world where everyone can co-lead solutions for the common good. About Ashoka Worldwide About Ashoka Korea We support leading social entrepreneurs We co-lead with more than 4,000 leading social entrepreneurs - Ashoka Fellows - across 95 countries around the world. Ashoka Fellow Next Now Everyone a Changemaker We support leading social entrepreneurs The world is defined by change and requires a new mindset. Ashoka envisions a world in which everyone is a changemaker: a world where all citizens are powerful and contribute to change in positive ways. Founded 1980 See how our story began Selected 4000+ Ashoka Fellows Fellows from 95+ Countries Employees 300+ Come join our team Ashoka Fellows Change the World Ashoka has elected 4,000+ Fellows across more than 95 countries over the last 40+ years. Together with 250+ change institutions and 300+ partners, we form a strong, diverse and vibrant ecosystem of change agents collaborating and co-leading to positively transform societies and cultures around the world. Find out more about Ashoka Fellows in South Korea , and browse our network of Ashoka Fellows around the world Kailash Satyarthi Ashoka Fellow since 
  Jun 1995 India South Asian Coalition on Child Servitude (SACCS) Jeroo Billimoria Ashoka Fellow since 
  Dec 1998 India One family foundation Jimmy Wales Ashoka Fellow since 
  Aug 2008 United States Wikipedia Foundation Inc. Facebook Twitter Mary Gordon Ashoka Fellow since 
  May 2002 Canada Roots of Empathy Facebook Funding Ashoka is rewarding because I know it will help identify and support social innovators who are changing education. Especially in the era of AI, we need to make sure that future generations can thrive. Brian Kim Chairman and Founder, Kakao The engaged global community of social entrepreneurs that Ashoka has fostered helps each one of them to have more impact than would have been possible individually. Pierre Omidyar Founder of eBay How society helps children grow up needs fundamental innovation at least as urgently as in how it produces computers. That is why Ashoka is so important. It finds, helps launch, and then links and leverages the most powerful social innovations and innovators. Carol Bellamy Former Executive Director, UNICEF Forbes knows that the story is change. No one sees that more clearly than Ashoka. It has an extraordinary ability both to envision the big, new patterns and to engineer their emergence. Forbes Contact Ashoka Korea #801, 161, Yanghwa-ro Mapo-gu Seoul 03995 South Korea (82)02-737-6977 [email protected] Facebook Instagram Youtube About Ashoka Office Locations Worldwide Learn More Public Interest Reporting Stay Connected You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. We'd love to stay in touch! Sign up below to receive updates on Ashoka's work. First Name Last Name Email Address By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your Personal Data may be transferred to and processed in countries that do not provide the same level of data protection as your home country, as described in the Privacy Policy . Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Ashoka® a trademark of Ashoka