Asia Society Skip to main content Arts Arts and Culture Asia Society Museum Our Galleries Education Chinese Language Learning Asian Diaspora Leadership Resources Policy Asia Society Policy Institute Center on U.S.–China Relations ChinaFile Our Work Multidisciplinary Asia 21 Next Generation Fellows Asian Diaspora Center on U.S.–China Relations Awards Summits Cross-media China Books Review ChinaFile Podcasts Video Gallery Our Locations New York Hong Kong Texas Australia France India Japan Korea Northern California Philippines Seattle Southern California Switzerland Washington, D.C. Events About About Asia Society What We Do Support Membership Careers Interns and Volunteers Search Donate Search Arts Arts and Culture Asia Society Museum Our Galleries Education Chinese Language Learning Asian Diaspora Leadership Resources Policy Asia Society Policy Institute Center on U.S.–China Relations ChinaFile Our Work Multidisciplinary Asia 21 Next Generation Fellows Asian Diaspora Center on U.S.–China Relations Awards Summits Cross-media China Books Review ChinaFile Podcasts Video Gallery Our Locations New York Hong Kong Texas Australia France India Japan Korea Northern California Philippines Seattle Southern California Switzerland Washington, D.C. Events About About Asia Society What We Do Support Membership Careers Interns and Volunteers Previous slide Next slide Dedicated to understanding Asia and its role in the world. Learn More China 2026: What to Watch Read the Report Celebrating the 2025 Asia Game Changer Award Honorees Read the Recap Beowulf Sheehan/Asia Society President's Forum with Secretary Hillary Rodham Clinton watch the video Elena Olivo/Asia Society Learn More Asia 21 Next Generation Fellows Meet the Class of 2025 Asia Society Navigating Shared Futures Throughout Asia and the world across policy, arts, culture, education, business, technology, climate, and public health. About Us Our Events View All Join us at our locations in Asia, the United States, and Europe for expert discussions, performances, film screenings, exhibitions, workshops, and more. Previous slide Next slide Members' Exhibition Viewing Hours Wednesday 31 Dec 2025 | 
      4       - 6       p.m.      Hong Kong Time View Details Members' Exhibition Viewing Hours Thursday 01 Jan 2026 | 
      4       - 6       p.m.      Hong Kong Time View Details Members' Exhibition Viewing Hours Friday 02 Jan 2026 | 
      4       - 6       p.m.      Hong Kong Time View Details Members' Exhibition Viewing Hours Saturday 03 Jan 2026 | 
      4       - 6       p.m.      Hong Kong Time View Details Members' Exhibition Viewing Hours Sunday 04 Jan 2026 | 
      4       - 6       p.m.      Hong Kong Time View Details Korean Language Class: Level I (Mondays, Spring 2026) Monday 05 Jan 2026 | 
      5:30       - 8:30       p.m.      Texas Time View Details Korean Language Class: Level I (Tuesdays, Spring 2026) Tuesday 06 Jan 2026 | 
      5:30       - 8:30       p.m.      Texas Time View Details Anime Screening: 'Ghost in the Shell' With HTX MADE Thursday 08 Jan 2026 | 
      7       - 10       p.m.      Texas Time View Details Groundbreaker Private Tour of the Spirit House Contemporary Art Exhibition at UW's Henry Gallery Thursday 08 Jan 2026 | 
      4       - 6       p.m.      Seattle Time View Details Members-Get Together: 10 Years Asia Society Switzerland Thursday 08 Jan 2026 | 
      5:30       - 7       p.m.      Switzerland Time View Details Elizabeth Economy on the Future of the U.S.–China Economic Relationship Thursday 08 Jan 2026 | 
      6       - 8       p.m.      Texas Time View Details A Sixth of Humanity with Arvind Subramanian and Devesh Kapur Thursday 08 Jan 2026 | 
      6:30       - 8       p.m.      India Time View Details Art Tour: 'The House of Pikachu: Art, Anime, and Pop Culture' Saturday 10 Jan 2026 | 
      1       - 2       p.m.      Texas Time View Details [MEMBERS ONLY] An Afternoon in 'The House of Pikachu': Reception and Artist Talk With Gao Hang and Emily Yong Beck Saturday 10 Jan 2026 | 
      2       - 3:30       p.m.      Texas Time View Details Half the Sky - Yin Mei Dance Sunday 11 Jan 2026 | 
      7:30       - 8:30       p.m.      New York Time View Details Half the Sky - Yin Mei Dance Sunday 11 Jan 2026 | 
      4       - 5       p.m.      New York Time View Details Duration of Mountains and Seas (穿越·山海经): Free Music Showcase Wednesday 14 Jan 2026 | 
      8       - 9:30       p.m.      New York Time View Details Batang West Side Wednesday 14 Jan 2026 | 
      5:30       - 10:30       p.m.      New York Time View Details Chairman’s Address: Trends, Challenges, and Outlook for the Future Wednesday 14 Jan 2026 | 
      6:30       - 9       p.m.      Hong Kong Time View Details Japan Macro Salon with Jesper and Bill #15 Thursday 15 Jan 2026 | 
      8       - 9       p.m.      Japan Time View Details The Latest paper / Asia Society Policy Institute Self-Strengthening for Strategic Competition: What to Watch at China’s Fourth Plenum Tuesday 30 Dec 2025 Neil Thomas, Lobsang Tsering, Shengyu Wang, and Jing Qian write about what to expect from China's Fourth Plenum. Exhibition / Texas The House of Pikachu: Art, Anime, and Pop Culture 'The House of Pikachu' explores anime's reach through the works of a diverse group of artists. It surveys the present-day, far-reaching influence of Japanese animation on contemporary art. Asia Society Policy Institute Jacob Sims on the Political Economy of Cybercrime in Southeast Asia Tuesday 30 Dec 2025 In this episode of Asia Inside Out, Rorry Daniels, sits down with Jacob Sims, a visiting fellow at Harvard University’s Asia Center and leading expert on transnational cybercrime in Southeast Asia. Current Exhibition

   / Hong Kong LEE Kuang-Yu: Sculpting the Void [EXTENDED] 20 Mar 2025 - 22 Feb 2026 Asia Society Hong Kong x LEE Kuang-Yu Outdoor Sculpture Exhibition ChinaFile ‘Mistress Dispeller’: A Q&A with Filmmaker Elizabeth Lo The new documentary feature film “Mistress Dispeller” probes the unraveling and redemption of a marriage at breathtakingly close range. Current Exhibition

   / New York Busy, Busy Towns 02 Sep 2025 - 04 Jan 2026 These video works explore how rapidly evolving cultural, political, and ecological issues have shaped urban landscapes across contemporary Asia, and in particular China, Indonesia, and Taiwan. Explore Our Publications Asia Society Magazine Chinafile Videos View All Previous slide Next slide Policy / New York What to Expect for China’s Economy in 2026? Policy / Washington, D.C. A Stress Test for Resilience: Risks and Opportunities for the U.S. Japan Alliance Current Affairs / New York Shakespeare, Tyranny, and China Arts / Australia Melbourne Asia Game Changer Awards 2025 Highlight Reel Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Spotlight Presentation by Li Shuo Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Spotlight Presentation by Bob T. Li Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Spotlight Presentation by Barclay Bram Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Spotlight Presentation by Lyle Morris Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Spotlight Presentation by Lizzi C. Lee Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Spotlight Presentation by Neil Thomas Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Closing Remarks by Gary Rieschel Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Fireside Chat between Jing Qian and Ian Bremmer Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Spotlight Presentations and Panel on Chinese Society, Global Public Health, and Climate Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Opening Remarks, Spotlight Presentations and Panel on Chinese Politics, Economy, Foreign Policy, and National Security Policy / New York [China 2026: What to Watch] Launch Event (Full Program) Arts / New York Kaili Blues: A Film Discussion Education / India Re:Orient: Fresh Perspectives on South Asia's Development Through Education, Culture, and AI Policy / New York U.S.-India 2025: Strains, Shifts, and the Road Ahead Arts / India Case in Point: Architecture, Heritage, and Public Space Arts / New York Mahsa and Marjan Vahdat: Deep Roots, Fresh Leaves [Excerpt] Policy / New York 10 Years After Paris: Todd Stern on the Future of Climate Diplomacy Our Work Through our global network across Asia, the United States, and Europe, we create a platform to educate, foster insight, and share expert voices around the world. Support Arts and Culture Presenting art of Asia and Asian diasporas and related cultural programs. Learn More Education Empowering learning and leadership through programming and resources. Learn More Policy Helping policymakers and the public understand Asia. Learn More About About Asia Society What We Do Support Membership Careers Interns and Volunteers For the Media Press Releases and News Our Locations New York Hong Kong Texas Australia France India Japan Korea Northern California Philippines Seattle Southern California Switzerland Washington, D.C. Our Pillars Arts Education Policy Initiatives Arts & Museum Summit Asia 21 Next Generation Fellows Asia Arts Game Changer Awards Asia Game Changer Awards Asia Society Policy Institute Asian Women Empowered Center on U.S.-China Relations Coal + Ice Creative Voices of Muslim Asia Global Cities Education Network Global Talent Initiatives Connect . Asia Society Facebook Account . Asia Society Twitter Account . . Asia Society Instagram Account . Asia Society LinkedIn Account . Asia Society YouTube Account Email Signup For the Media ©2025 Asia Society Privacy Accessibility Terms & Conditions Sitemap Contact Asia Society’s purpose is to navigate shared futures for Asia and the world across policy, arts and culture, education, sustainability, business, and technology. Asia Society takes no institutional position on policy issues and has no affiliation with any government. The views expressed by Asia Society staff, fellows, experts, report authors, program speakers, board members, and other affiliates are solely their own. Learn more . Connect with us