ASIC Home | ASIC Skip to main content For business and companies For finance professionals Regulatory resources ASIC portals ASIC portals I am a I am a Business name holder I want to Register a business name Renew my business name Update my details Cancel or transfer my business name Learn about ASIC's online services Information and steps on how to register a business name Register a business name To renew a business name, you will need your account number or ABN handy. Renewing your business name The ASIC Connect portal will allow you to: manage an existing business name update your business name details Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up The ASIC Connect portal will allow you to: manage an existing business name update your business name details Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Within online services for business name holders, you can: log in or sign up to ASIC's portals learn about ASIC's online services and processes access user guides read FAQs. Business name holders I am a Company officeholder I want to Register a new company Manage my company details Download my annual review statement Lodge regulatory documents Learn about ASIC's online services Information and steps on how to register a new business Register a company Manage your company details via the company officeholder portal: Update your company details Voluntarily deregister your company in the Company officeholder portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Download your company annual review statement from ASIC, which includes your annual invoice and payment details. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Lodge regulatory statements, documents and transactions in the Regulatory portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Within online services for company officeholders, you can: log in or sign up to ASIC's portals learn about ASIC's online services and processes access user guides. Company officeholders I am a Registered agent and authorised lodger I want to Update my clients details Update my agent details Learn about ASIC's online services Update your client details via the Registered agent portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Information about how you can update and/or cancel your registered agent registration. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Within online services for registered agents and authorised lodgers, you can: log in or sign up to ASIC's portals learn about ASIC's online services and processes access user guides read FAQs. Registered agents I am an AFS Licensee and AFS representative I want to Apply for and vary an AFS licence Update licence details and submit documents Appoint and update representative's details Lodge regulatory transactions Register a managed investment scheme Lodge a PDS in-use notice Learn about ASIC's online services Information and steps on how to apply for an Australian financial services (AFS) licence. Applying for and managing an AFS licence Update your AFS licence details and lodge financial document via the Regulatory portal. Changing your licence details through the Regulatory Portal Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Log in to ASIC Connect to appoint and update AFS representative's details. Financial advisers and authorised representatives Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Lodge regulatory documents and transaction in the ASIC Regulatory Portal Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up You can register a managed investment scheme using the eLicensing system (not the ASIC regulatory portal). Log in to the eLicensing system You can lodge FS88 PDS in-use notice using the eLicensing system (not the ASIC regulatory portal). Log in to the eLicensing system Within online services for business name holders, you can: log in or sign up to ASIC's portals learn about ASIC's online services and processes access user guides. AFS licensees I am a Credit licensee and credit representative I want to Apply for a credit licence Update licence details and appoint credit representatives Lodge regulatory transactions Learn about ASIC's online services Information and steps on how to apply for a credit licence. Apply for a credit licence Update your credit licence details and appoint credit representations via the Credit Licensee portal Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Lodge regulatory documents and transactions in the ASIC Regulatory portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Within online services for credit licensees and credit representatives, you can: log in or sign up to ASIC's portals learn about ASIC's online services and processes read FAQs. Credit licensees and representatives I am an Auditor I want to Apply for an auditor registration Update my details and submit statements Lodge regulatory transactions Learn about ASIC's online services Information and steps on how to apply for auditor or authorised audit company registration. Applying for an auditor registration Update your auditors details and submit annual statements via the Auditors portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Lodge regulatory documents and transactions in the ASIC Regulatory portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up log in or sign up to ASIC's portals Within online services for auditors, you can learn about ASIC's online services and processes. Auditors I am a SMSF auditor I want to Apply for and maintain my SMSF auditor registration Learn about ASIC's online services Apply and maintain your SMSF auditor registration via the Regulatory portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Within online services for SMSF auditors, you can: log in or sign up to ASIC's portals learn about ASIC's online services and processes access user guides read FAQs. SMSF auditors I am a Liquidator I want to Update and lodge administrative document Lodge regulatory transactions Learn about ASIC's online services Update your liquidator details and lodge external administration documents via the liquidator portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up Lodge regulatory documents and transactions in the ASIC Regulatory portal. Already have an account? Log in Need to create an account? Sign up log in or sign up to ASIC's portals Within online services for liquidators, you can learn about ASIC's online services and processes. Liquidators I am looking for … Search Regulatory Regulatory document search Regulatory resources by topic Finance professionals Business Pay now – Business name renewals Registering a business name Registering a company Change to company details Australian Business Registration Service Finance Professionals Financial adviser register Your obligations as an AFS licensee Do you need a credit license ASIC's Online services Search ASIC's registers Learn more about ASIC's online services ASIC Forms Regulatory portal ASIC Connect Other Newsroom Enforcement activities Reporting misconduct Popular tasks Featured topics Register a business name Renew a business name Register a company Search ASIC registers Companies and organisations Business names details Professional registers Banned and disqualified Search other registers Search regulatory resources Report issue to ASIC What to do if you've been scammed Financial adviser exam Identity theft - Moneysmart.gov.au Crypto scams - Moneysmart.gov.au Sustainability reporting Director identification number Regulatory document updates Company statistics What we do Latest news Investigations and enforcement Dealing with ASIC What we do ASIC is Australia’s integrated corporate, markets, financial services and consumer credit regulator What we do Learn more Our role We maintain, facilitate and improve the performance of the financial system and entities in it How we operate We operate under the direction of commissioners appointed by the Governor-General Our structure Our organisational structure reflects our regulatory and registry responsibilities Our people Our people are key to the ongoing effectiveness of ASIC International activities We work closely with international organisations, foreign regulators and law enforcement agencies For consumers We regulate financial services and products to protect consumers, and provide consumer education through Moneysmart Latest news ASIC announces 2026 enforcement priorities ASIC announces 2026 enforcement priorities Read the media release A roadmap for capital markets to grow our economy A roadmap for capital markets to grow our economy Read more Online options to keep you moving this festive season Manage your registrations, lodge forms and access key services online anytime, anywhere! Online options to keep you moving this festive season Read December InFocus Go to Newsroom Resources for Regulatory Guidance to help you understand how ASIC interprets the law, and when and how we use our powers Professional Information about applying for and maintaining your licence or professional registration Business and companies Information and guides to help you start and manage a business or company Services/ Registers Register with ASIC, lodge documents, update details and download company annual statements ASIC investigations and enforcement We are committed to detecting, investigating and disrupting unlawful conduct ASIC investigations and enforcement Learn more Enforcement activities Learn about some of our investigations: ALAMMC
                            Developments Ascent
                            Investments and Coaching Pty Ltd and Michael Dunjey Brite
                            Advisors First Guardian Master Fund First Mutual Private Equity Pty Shield Master Fund Youpla
                            Group (formerly Aboriginal Community Benefit Fund) View more investigations Dealing with ASIC Interacting with ASIC involves accessing regulatory guidance, lodging forms, managing company or business registrations and addressing compliance Dealing with ASIC Learn more Did you find the information on this page helpful? Yes No Thanks for your feedback! Would you like to help us further by completing a short survey? Take the survey Sorry this page wasn't helpful. Could you tell us why in a short survey? Take the survey About ASIC What we do Investigation and enforcement Enforcement activities Dealing with ASIC ASIC events Information for MPs & Senators Newsroom Media releases Speeches News Articles For journalists Inside ASIC podcast Corporate publications ASIC annual reports ASIC corporate plan Newsletters ASIC Gazette ASIC Digest Online services ASIC portals Search ASIC registers ASIC Connect Regulatory portal Careers at ASIC Contact us Top call centre questions Report issue to ASIC Reporting misconduct to ASIC Scams ASIC offices Follow us on: X LinkedIn Facebook Freedom of information Copyright Privacy Disclaimer Service availability Contact us Accessibility © 2025 Australian Securities & Investments Commission Djooroot Moort by Peter Farmer Acknowledgement of Country ASIC acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands and waters on which we live and work. We pay respect to Elders past and present as the custodians of the world's oldest continuing cultures.