ASML | The world's supplier to the semiconductor industry Skip to main content ASML Logo Saved jobs We saved your job Back Company Company overview About ASML About ASML overview ASML at a glance Vision & mission Organization History Locations Governance Governance overview Board of Management Supervisory Board Shareholders Code of Conduct How we manage risk Auditors Governance downloads Sustainability Community engagement Community engagement overview Education Culture Local outreach Careers Careers overview Search jobs Interviewing at ASML Working at ASML Working at ASML overview The Netherlands United States Taiwan South Korea China Japan Germany Technical fields Teams Students & graduates Students & graduates overview Early careers The Netherlands United States Taiwan South Korea China Technology Technology overview All about chips All about chips overview The basics How microchips are made Moore's Law Lithography principles Lithography principles overview The Rayleigh criterion Light & lasers Lenses & mirrors Mechanics & mechatronics Measuring accuracy Pushing k1 further How we innovate How we innovate overview Fellows Software Products Products overview EUV lithography DUV lithography Refurbished systems Metrology & inspection Computational lithography Customer support News News overview Press releases & announcements Stories Share buyback Media library Contact Media Relations News alerts Investors Investors overview Why invest in ASML Why invest in ASML overview Fact Sheet Financial strategy Capital return & financing Share buyback Annual reports Financial results Financial results overview Q3 2025 Q2 2025 Q1 2025 Q4 2024 Q3 2024 Q2 2024 Financial overview Shares Shares overview Share price SEC filings Analyst coverage Shareholder meetings Investor days Financial calendar Contact Investor Relations Contact us SupplierNet CustomerNet Search Changing the world, one nanometer at a time ASML gives the world's leading chipmakers the power to mass produce patterns on silicon 01 / 32 Quick Links About ASML Careers Technology Financial results We're moving technology forward In fact, we’re probably a part of the electronic device you’re using right now. Our lithography technology is fundamental to mass producing semiconductor chips. With it, the world’s top chipmakers are creating microchips that are more powerful, faster and energy efficient. See all products 2024 Annual Report Discover our 2024 Annual Report, which highlights our financial performance, technological achievements and ESG commitments in the past year. Explore more Discover computational lithography Layer by layer, chip by chip, wafer by wafer, computational lithography is enabling chipmakers to push microchip technology to new limits Learn more Enable third party cookies to play this video Disabled Enabled Enable third party cookies to play this video Below you can enable third party cookies. Your choice will be saved and the page will refresh. Disabled Enabled What's it like to be on the ASML team? In this interactive section you will hear from our employees. You’ll also discover how we foster your well-being and what our networks and clubs are like. We’ll show you how you’ll be supported to develop and upskill, and what your compensation and benefits package could include. Discover life at ASML Work at asml 60 locations, endless job opportunities Chinese mainland Read more We support both global big-name customers and fast-growing local customers with 12 customer support sites, two R&D centers, and one training center. Germany Read more Our Germany locations, such as Berlin and Dresden, specialize in optical manufacturing technology, precision manufacturing, as well as software development and customer support. Japan Read more Japan is home to tech giants and major semiconductor players, with whom ASML collaborates closely. You can help to advance technology – and your career. The Netherlands Read more ASML is headquartered in Veldhoven amid a thriving ecosystem of high-tech companies. Our headquarters is home to more than half of all our employees. South Korea Read more Our teams in South Korea work closely with Samsung and other customers and have five locations that include a global distribution center and 4 training centers. Taiwan Read more We have the largest ASML manufacturing site in Asia as well as two training centers, play an essential role in the rapidly growing e-beam market, and work closely with TSMC and major semiconductor fabs. United States Read more With 14 customer support sites, two factories, and three R&D centers, our US locations service Intel and other customers and contribute to our holistic product portfolio. Search for your future job Latest Press Releases December 18, 2025 ASML makes substantial financial contribution to improved accessibility and future-proof mobility in the Brainport region November 20, 2025 Statement relating to recent book publication October 15, 2025 ASML reports €7.5 billion total net sales and €2.1 billion net income in Q3 2025 Learn ASML at a glance History Products Technology Sustainability News Work At ASML Job search Careers Organization Locations Invest Why invest in ASML Annual report Financial results Investor days Shares Get in touch Contact information Contact Media Relations Contact Investor Relations CustomerNet SupplierNet Social Media Manage cookie settings Copyright © 2019-2025 (ASML) All Rights Reserved Terms of use Privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Accessibility