Skip to main content
Microsoft
.NET
Why .NET Features Learn Docs Downloads Community LIVE TV
All Microsoft
Home
ASP.NET Core
Missed .NET Conf 2025?
Catch up on all of the fun and educational .NET sessions, with our on-demand videos.
Watch videos
×
ASP.NET Core

Free. Cross-platform. Open source.
A framework for building web apps and services with .NET and C#.

Get started

Supported on macOS, Windows, and Linux

Build web apps fast with one stack

ASP.NET Core comes with everything you need to build web apps including Blazor, a web UI framework for quickly creating fast, secure, and robust web apps that run anywhere.

Learn about Blazor 

Web Apps

Build full stack web apps with HTML, CSS, and C#

APIs

Develop REST APIs for a range of clients, including browsers and mobile devices

Real-time

Enable bi-directional communication between server and client, in real-time

Artificial Intelligence and ML

Build smart apps with C#, OpenAI, and Azure

What is ASP.NET Core?

.NET is a developer platform made up of tools, programming languages, and libraries for building many different types of applications.

ASP.NET Core extends the .NET developer platform with tools and libraries specifically for building web apps.

Dig deeper: What is ASP.NET Core? 

Learn ASP.NET Core

Learn all about ASP.NET Core has to offer with our tutorials, video courses, and docs.

Learn front-end web development 

Learn back-end web development 

Fast and scalable

ASP.NET Core performs faster than any popular web framework in the independent TechEmpower benchmarks.

Data sourced from official tests available at TechEmpower Round 21.

Build secure apps

ASP.NET Core supports industry standard authentication protocols. Built-in features help protect your apps against cross-site scripting (XSS) and cross-site request forgery (CSRF).

ASP.NET Core provides a built-in user database with support for multi-factor authentication and external authentication with Google, X, and more.

Active community and open-source

Get quick answers to questions with an active community of developers on Stack Overflow, Microsoft Q&A, and more.

NET is open source on GitHub, with over 100,000 contributions and 3,700 companies already contributing.

Join the .NET community 

Free hosting on Azure

Get 10 ASP.NET Core websites for free with Microsoft Azure.

You can also deploy to any major cloud platform, your own Linux or Windows servers, or one of many hosting providers.

Host for free with Azure 

    

Read customer stories

You may also be interested in these free e-books
Blazor e-book

This free e-book introduces ASP.NET Web Forms developers to Blazor. It introduces Blazor concepts in parallel with analogous concepts in ASP.NET Web Forms.

Download PDF
View on the web

ASP.NET Core architecture e-book

This guide provides end-to-end guidance on building monolithic web applications using ASP.NET Core and Azure.

Download PDF
View on the web

Azure quick start e-book

In this short guide, explore Microsoft Azure services for a variety of .NET application scenarios. Quickly learn about the services that are right for you.

Download PDF

Ready to get started?

Our step-by-step tutorial will help you get ASP.NET running on your computer.

Get started

Follow us
Feedback
English (United States)
Español
Français (France)
Indonesia (Indonesia)
Italiano (Italia)
日本語
한국어
Português (Brasil)
Русский (Россия)
中文（简体）
中文（台灣）
Dark mode
Dark mode off
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Powered by .NET 10.0.1
Contact Microsoft
Support
Privacy & Cookies
Terms of Use
Trademarks
© Microsoft 2025