Home - Aspen Institute Close Navigation Aspen is a place for leaders to lift their sights above the possessions which possess them. To confront their own nature as human beings, to regain control over their own humanity by becoming more self-aware, more self-correcting, and hence more self-fulfilling. Walter P. Paepcke, Aspen Institute Co-Founder Welcome About Us Our Work Impact Areas People Support Us Events Programs Seminars Membership Store Contact Us Back Welcome Welcome to the Aspen Institute—explore our work, programs, and ideas creating new possibilities for a better world. Who We Are What We Do How We Work Back About Us We are a global convener of changemakers building a better world. Explore our history, impact, and the places that bring our mission to life. Impact History Locations International Partners People & Culture Press center Back Our Work We create real-world impact through a wide range of initiatives that connect people, spark ideas, and advance solutions. Programs Fellowships Events Seminars Centers Awards Publications Back Impact Areas Our impact areas connect the dots across programs, fellowships, and networks—linking and leveraging our strengths to take on complex, interdisciplinary challenges. Economic Opportunity Energy and Climate Leadership rising generations Societal Trust Back People The Aspen Institute is powered by people who lead with purpose: experts, leaders, and changemakers who bring curiosity, conviction, and drive to create a better world. President and CEO Board of Trustees Executive Leadership Experts Back Support Us Our work, and the impact we make on people and communities around the world, is made possible by your support. 75th anniversary campaign Aspen Society DONATE NOW Back Who We Are Our Purpose We ignite human potential to build understanding and create new possibilities for a better world. Our Heritage We were founded in 1949 as an experiment—as a place to reflect on values and lead with purpose in a complex, changing world. Our People The Aspen Institute is powered by a dedicated community of leaders working together to advance our mission with purpose and care. Back How We Work We bring people together, develop leaders, and enable solutions to today’s challenges by fostering dialogue and collaboration. Our Methodologies Facilitate Dialogue and Curate Convenings Develop Leaders and Leadership Enable Solutions Back What We Do We tackle society’s most complex challenges through programs, leadership initiatives, and convenings that turn ideas into action. Explore our Work Our Impact Areas Economic Opportunity Energy and Climate Leadership Rising Generations Societal Trust Back About Us Back Impact We convene diverse voices to explore complex challenges and spark ideas and foster relationships that lead to real-world impact. Read our Latest Impact Report Back The Latest From the Aspen Institute PRess center news releases Back History and Heritage We were founded in 1949 as an experiment—as a place to reflect on values and lead with purpose in a complex, changing world. Learn about our history and heritage Back Locations Our U.S. locations foster connection, reflection, and dialogue—serving as hubs for ideas, leadership, and impact. Explore our locations Washington D.C. (Headquarters) Aspen, Colorado New York, New York Back International Partners Our network of 13 international partners and 1 initiative advance dialogue, civil discourse, and practical solutions to important challenges within their societies. They are distinct nonprofit organizations affiliated with the Aspen Institute. Learn more about our International Partners Aspen Initiative Africa – Nairobi Aspen Institute Central Europe Aspen Institute Colombia Aspen Institute España Institut Aspen France Aspen Institute Germany Ananta Aspen Centre (India) Aspen Institute Italia Aspen Institute Japan Aspen Institute Kyiv Aspen Institute México Aspen Institute New Zealand Aspen Romania Aspen Institute UK Back People & Culture Aspen Institute employees bring diverse backgrounds and a unique blend of knowledge, skills, and experience. We value their passion, insight, and commitment as our most vital resource. Learn more about careers at the Aspen Institute Career Opportunities If you are interested in a career with the Aspen Institute, please explore our open positions. Internships The Aspen Institute offers internships that build skills, provide hands-on learning, and connect you with professionals in your field. Back Across the Institute Back Programs Our programs tackle complex challenges across policy, society, and culture, creating space for dialogue, innovation, and practical solutions. No programs found. Arts Program Ascend at the Aspen Institute Aspen Challenge Aspen Community Programs Aspen Conexión Aspen Digital Aspen Economic Strategy Group Aspen Forum for Community Solutions (AFCS) Aspen Global Innovators Group Aspen Global Leadership Network Aspen Leadership Seminars Aspen Network of Development Entrepreneurs Aspen Policy Academy Aspen Strategy Group Aspen Words Business & Society Program Center for Native American Youth College Excellence Program Community Strategies Group Congressional Program Criminal Justice Reform Initiative Economic Opportunities Program Education and Society Program Energy and Environment Program Financial Security Program Food and Society Program Health, Medicine & Society Philanthropy and Social Innovation Philosophy & Society Religion & Society Program Science & Society Shared Success Socrates Program Sports & Society Stevens Initiative Weave: The Social Fabric Project Workplace Innovation Now (WIN) Challenge Back Events From global convenings to local forums, our events bring together diverse voices to exchange ideas and explore solutions to critical issues. See Upcoming Events Past Events Wed 07 Jan 2026 Policy 101 Learn the basics of the policy process through our expansive framework for understanding policy change. Tue 13 Jan 2026 Sharing Shakespeare: King Lear, Act IV Back by popular demand, the Aspen Institute presents Sharing Shakespeare, a moderated, roundtable discussion series that takes place one night a month for 6 months. Back Fellowships Back Seminars Back Partnerships Back MyAspen Sign Up Back People Back Support Us Discover the ways you can fuel our impact and help us advance our mission. How to Support the Aspen Institute Back Seminars Our signature leadership seminars create transformative experiences that challenge participants to reflect deeply, think critically, and grow as purposeful leaders. See Upcoming Seminars Back Centers Aspen Institute Centers provide focused platforms for advancing specific fields of inquiry, public understanding, and leadership development across disciplines. Learn about our Centers Back Publications and Reports Our research, reports, and commentary share knowledge, surface insights, and inform policy and public discourse. Browse our publications and reports Back Awards We recognize and celebrate individuals and organizations making exceptional contributions to society, leadership, and the public good. See our Awards Back Fellowships We cultivate communities of high-impact leaders committed to values-driven leadership and positive change in their sectors and communities. No programs found. Africa Leadership Initiative – East Africa Africa Leadership Initiative – South Africa Africa Leadership Initiative – West Africa Ascend Fellowship Aspen President’s Fellowship Aspen Rising President’s Fellowship Aspen Strategy Group Rising Leaders Program Aspen Young Leaders Fellowship Aspen-Kern Program on Leadership and Character in Higher Education Brave Heart Fellowship Building Indigenous Communities of Hope Fellowship Central America Leadership Initiative China Fellowship Program Civil Society Fellowship Economic Mobility Fellowship Education and Career Mobility Fellowship Finance Leaders Fellowship First Movers Fellowship Food Leaders Fellowship Future Leaders Climate Fellowship Health Innovators Fellowship Healthy Communities Fellowship Henry Crown Fellowship Impact West Africa Fellowship Job Quality Fellowship Kamalnayan Bajaj Fellowship Leading Colombia 2050 Liberty Fellowship Middle East Leadership Initiative New Voices Fellowship Pahara Fellowship Remembering Our Sisters Fellowship Science and Technology Policy Fellowship SOAR Fellowship Technology Leaders Initiative The Michael D. Eisner Arts & Culture Fellowship Workforce Leadership Academies Back Energy and Climate We elevate climate solutions through practical, collective action that protects our planet and our future. Explore Energy and climate Back Economic Opportunity We advance strategies, policies, and ideas that catalyze the change needed to build an inclusive economy—one that ensures financial security, opportunity, and resilience. Explore economic opportunity Back Leadership We connect and develop leaders across sectors, geographies, and generations, creating networks of individuals committed to solving our greatest challenges. Explore Leadership Back Rising Generations We ignite the potential of young people of all backgrounds by developing their leadership, amplifying their voices, and enabling productive dialogue across differences.​ Explore Rising Generations Back Societal Trust We strengthen democracy and our social fabric by building trust and solving problems in partnership with individuals, institutions, and communities. Explore Societal Trust Back President and CEO Dan Porterfield is President and CEO of the Aspen Institute. He has been recognized as a visionary strategist, leader, and advocate for young people and purpose-driven leadership. Learn about dan Porterfield Back Board of Trustees The Board of Trustees includes distinguished leaders from the public, private, and nonprofit sectors. Trustees provide counsel to the President and CEO, oversee the management of the Institute’s assets and affairs, and guide the organization in fulfillment of its purpose and mission. Learn About the Board of Trustees Back Executive Leadership The Executive Team advises the President and CEO on strategy and operations, ensures alignment across the Institute, and advances its mission internally and externally. Members represent key programs and functions. Learn more about our Executive Leadership Back Experts Our experts focus on an array of relevant critical issues and ideas. They come from a diverse range of backgrounds and have made it their mission to further the ideals of the Aspen Institute Explore our Experts Back Planned Giving Your values-based legacy gift to the Aspen Institute can be a powerful testament to shared beliefs and provide essential support towards our impactful work. Learn more about Planned Giving Back Corporate and Foundation Partners The Aspen Institute is proud to partner with leading companies in our mission to solve the greatest challenges of our time through dialogue, leadership, and action. Learn more about Corporate and Foundation Partners Economic Opportunity Energy and Climate Leadership Rising Generations Societal Trust Aspen Institute Aspen Institute Welcome About Us Our Work Search Toggle Navigation 75 years of visionary ideas of fearless leadership of global impact 75 years of aspen institute We ignite human potential to build understanding and create new possibilities for a better world. Explore our impact Impact Areas Rising Generations We ignite the potential of young people of all backgrounds by developing their leadership, amplifying their voices, and enabling productive dialogue across differences.​ Explore Rising Generations Economic Opportunity We advance strategies, policies, and ideas that catalyze the change needed to build an inclusive economy—one that ensures financial security, opportunity, and resilience. Explore economic opportunity Energy and Climate We elevate climate solutions through practical, collective action that protects our planet and our future. EXPLORE ENERGY AND CLIMATE Leadership We connect and develop leaders across sectors, geographies, and generations, creating networks of individuals committed to solving our greatest challenges. EXPLORE LEADERSHIP Societal Trust We strengthen democracy and our social fabric by building trust and solving problems in partnership with individuals, institutions, and communities. EXPLORE TRUST Events Upcoming Past Events Leadership Science and Technology Societal Trust Policy 101 Wed Jan 7, 2026 View Event Sharing Shakespeare: King Lear, Act IV Mon Jan 12, 2026 | Aspen,  CO View Event Health and Sport Unbreakable: A Woman’s Guide to Aging with Power Tue Jan 13, 2026 View Event Leadership Science and Technology Societal Trust Informational Webinar: Science and Technology Policy Fellowship Wed Jan 14, 2026 View Event Economic Opportunity Beyond 9 to 5: Facilitating Good Jobs for People with Unpredictable Schedules Wed Jan 21, 2026 View Event Global Affairs Edlis Neeson Great Decisions: America and the World – Trump 2.0 Foreign Policy Thu Jan 22, 2026 | CO View Event Economic Mobility children and families Aspen Forum on Children and Families Wed Jan 28, 2026 View Event Arts and Culture Winter Words Speaker Series with Susan Orlean Wed Jan 28, 2026 | Aspen, CO View Event Arts and Culture 2026 Great Books – The Triad Wed Jan 28, 2026 | CO View Event Leadership Science and Technology Societal Trust Informational Webinar: Science and Technology Policy Fellowship Thu Jan 29, 2026 View Event Health and Sport The Fertility Formula: Take Control of Your Reproductive Future Wed Dec 17, 2025 View Event Future of Work Back to the Future of Work: Revisiting the Past and Shaping the Future Wed Dec 17, 2025 View Event Leadership Societal Trust Science and Technology How to Tell Governments What You Think Wed Dec 17, 2025 View Event Sharing Shakespeare: King Lear, Act III Mon Dec 15, 2025 | Aspen,  CO View Event Leadership Science and Technology Societal Trust Building Nonprofit Advocacy Capacity Dec 8 – 12, 2025 View Event Leadership Hurst Middle School Great Ideas Seminar Dec 8 – 11, 2025 | Aspen,  CO View Event Foreign Policy Global Affairs International Affairs National Security 2025 Aspen Security Forum: DC Edition Wed Dec 10, 2025 | Washington, DC View Event Socrates 2025 New Zealand Seminar Dec 8 – 10, 2025 | Queenstown View Event Economic Opportunity How Can Trump Accounts Build Wealth for Low- and Moderate-Income Households? Thu Dec 4, 2025 View Event Leadership Science and Technology Societal Trust Getting a Job in Policy Wed Dec 3, 2025 View Event See all events Previous Next A Milestone Year, A Bold Campaign Celebrating 75 years of igniting human potential, we are launching a $450 million campaign to shape what comes next. Learn More Introducing The Aspen Current The Aspen Institute’s new hub for ideas, leadership, and action — bringing together our latest videos, publications, and articles in one place. Learn More Ideas. Leadership. Action. Delivered to You. The Aspen Institute shares regular updates about our work. You’ll receive the latest information on upcoming events and popular material from our staff — including publications, blog posts, podcasts, and videos. Subscribe to our newsletters Aspen Institute Aspen Institute Aspen Institute Driving change through dialogue, leadership, and action to help solve the greatest challenges of our time. Instagram X Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Aspen Institute our purpose Statement of Principles Leadership Press center BLOG History Event Calendar Careers store Contact Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Community Agreement Statement of Standards transparency