Excellence Through Quality | ASQ Happy Holidays! ASQ offices will be closed December 25, 2025, through January 1, 2026. Online orders for membership, certification, training, and conferences will be fulfilled automatically. All book orders placed after 11 a.m. Central Time (CT) on Tuesday, December 23, through January 1, 2026, will begin to ship on January 2, 2026. Feel free to send our Customer Care Team an email at [email protected] , and we will respond upon our return on January 2, 2026. Skip to main content Hello, Guest Login Register Contact Us Become a Member Quincy AI Login Register Contact Us Become a Member Search Term Search | Cart Total: Checkout Dismiss Menu close menu ASQ - Excellence Through Quality Home Membership Individual Organizations Plan Your Career - In Beta Learning Corporate Training Specialized Credentials Learning Catalog ASQConnEx Find an Expert Certification Certification Preparation Recertification Quality Resources Conferences & Events Books & Standards Communities Quality Progress Magazine ASQ TV Find Quality Jobs About ASQ About ASQE Introducing the new ASQ Learning Library Empower Your Workforce with On-Demand Learning Learn More Quincy AI Your Trusted Guide To Excellence In Quality Learn More Lean and Six Sigma Conference Leaning into the Future February 22-24, 2026 | Phoenix, AZ Register Today Read the December QP Powering Up: ASQ Salary Survey Shows Lack of Leadership Skills Can Short Circuit Salaries Quality Progress Excellence Through Quality Every day around the globe, quality professionals help to make the world a better place. Let ASQ membership make a professional difference for you. Develop Your Skills. Expand Your Network. Advance Your Career. Learn More What Do You Want To Do? Build My Expertise Individuals Develop My Organization Organizations Learn ASQConnEx Quality Resources Learning Quality Tools Specialized Credentials Books & Standards Store Learn About Quality Quality Progress ASQ TV ASQ Research Standards Data Analysis Software Certify Certifications Explore Your Certification Career Path Certification Preparation Connect myASQ Online Community Career Center Plan Your Career Events Live Chat with ASQ Blogs Global Member Leader myASQ Community (login required) Contribute Develop Content with IoE ® Benchmarking & Tools ASQConnEx ASQE Research Organizational Membership Insights on Excellence® IoE Benchmarking Tool Develop Teams Certifications Learning Catalog Quality Resources Books & Standards Engage & Network ASQE Exclusive Events ASQ Events Develop Content with IoE ® Diamond Award Already a member? Login Register Why Become an ASQ Member? Become a member Total Digital Transformation This book demystifies Quality 4.0 and the transformative technologies it introduced, while revealing the tools and skills you’ll need for the Quality 5.0 future. Pre-Conference Courses at 2026 LSSC Kickstart your event experience with expert-led, small group training happening at the conference site just days before LSSC begins. Explore the options and save your seat! Stay Connected with myASQ Share, learn, and network with leaders and peers of the quality community.  Gain access to relevant solutions, meaningful connections, and interaction with like-minded individuals. Want to Get ASQ Certified? ASQ Certifications are designed to help you advance your career, improve your organization, and prepare you to be a more accomplished and effective quality-focused professional. Find out which Certification is right for you! All-New Innovation Management E-learning Innovation is not just a concept; it’s a way of life. Our Innovation eLearning course is designed to equip you with the skills and knowledge needed to make a significant impact and drive your organization to new heights. Have a Standards Question? Ask the Experts! Submit your technical questions about an international or American national standard to our panel of seasoned quality professionals. Explore. Engage. Experience. Featured Advertisers About ASQ Career Center Community Guidelines Contact Us Advertisers & Sponsors Newsroom Privacy & Legal Publish with ASQ Book/Publications Returns Course Cancellations/Refunds Site Map Cookie Settings With members and customers in over 130 countries, ASQ brings together the people, ideas and tools that make our world work better. ASQ celebrates the unique perspectives of our community of members, staff and those served by our society. Collectively, we are the voice of quality, and we increase the use and impact of quality in response to the diverse needs in the world. © 2025 American Society for Quality. All rights reserved.