Assembla | Merged Source Code And Collaboration Platform Save up to 25% on any Assembla plan. Use code blackfriday25 during your trial. Offer ends December 7. Apply Code Platform Features Repos Code review and Perforce, SVN & Git in one unified platform. Spaces Streamline development with integrated ticketing, sprint planning, and collaboration tools. More Security Enterprise-grade SOC 2, GDPR, and AES-256 encryption for complete peace of mind. Integrations Connect Assembla with Slack, Jira, CI/CD tools, and more to enhance your workflow. Solutions Hosting solutions Cloud hosting Managed single-tenant or multi-tenant. Self-hosted On-premises or private cloud. More Git hosting Powerful Git hosting for larger codebases SVN hosting The future of SVN cloud hosting lives here Assembla Perforce Hosting Authorized service provider of Perforce Cloud Support DevOps infrastructure support package Resources Customer Stories Product updates Blog Contact us Request a quote, book a demo or ask us a technical question. Help Center Developer API About us Referral Program Know someone who'd love Assembla? Give 10%, save 10%. Pricing Contact us Talk to sales Login Start for free Host source code, manage projects, and build with Assembla . Your hub for Perforce, SVN, and Git repositories. Powerful tools for tasks, wikis, and team collaboration. Or both. Start a free trial Book a Demo Trusted by the world’s most demanding teams. Trusted by the world’s most demanding development teams. 70% savings Up to 70% reduction in DevOps costs. 1.5M+ users Creative and technical users served. 20 years Powering innovative teams since 2005. Merge source code, projects and teams with Assembla . Your hub for Git, SVN and Perforce repositories and powerful project management. Start a free trial Book a Demo Trusted by the world’s most demanding development teams. Trusted by the world’s most demanding development teams. 70% savings Up to 70% reduction in DevOps costs. 1.5M+ users Creative and technical users served. 20 years Powering development teams since 2005. A complete platform: Repos , Spaces & Managed Hosting . Fast moving teams trust Assembla to streamline development, enhance collaboration, and cut DevOps complexity. Read on Explore managed hosting Repos Spaces repos Secure, Scalable Code Hosting & Collaboration The all-in-one repository solution with built-in code review, version control and collaboration tools. A seamless, scalable repository solution for high-performance teams. Multi-Version Control: Seamlessly manage Git, SVN, and Perforce in one secure environment. Built-in Code Review & Collaboration: Streamline workflows with inline comments, merge requests, and multi-reviewer approvals. Integrated Development & Collaboration: Unify repositories with project management for seamless workflows, visibility, and team alignment. Audit Logging & Compliance: Maintain full accountability with RBAC, audit reporting, and 60-day activity logs. Enterprise-Grade Security: SOC 2 Type II compliance, AES 256-bit encryption, 2FA, SSO, and IP allowlisting. High-Performance Cloud Hosting Optimized for speed and reliability with globally distributed infrastructure. Explore Repos Get a Demo SPACES Agile Project Management for Modern Teams Plan, track, and collaborate with powerful tools built for agile teams. Organize, collaborate, and execute projects efficiently. Planning & Tracking: Plan sprints, manage backlogs, and track goals to keep teams aligned and on schedule. Task & Project Management: Organize workflows with Kanban and Scrum boards, manage tasks, and track milestones. Collaboration & Release Management: Integrate repos with project management and align teams with shared release plans. Customization & Security: Tailor workflows with custom fields, enforce granular RBAC, and track activity with audit logs. Reporting & Insights: Use burndown charts and real-time dashboards to gain actionable insights for better decisions. Explore Spaces Get a Demo Infrastructure Complexity and Management Overload Managing Perforce infrastructure on-premises or even in the cloud can require significant resources, especially when scaling for distributed teams or global operations. How We Solve It Single-Tenant Hosting: Dedicated environments for every customer, simplifying configuration while ensuring data isolation and security. Custom Deployment and Management: Tailored setups, including custom geographic deployments and replication for global teams. Comprehensive Automation: Fully customizable checkpoints, journal rotations, and workflows reduce the burden of manual tasks. Tab Content This is a basic text element. Enterprise-grade Managed Hosting for Perforce P4, SVN & Git . Reduce DevOps burden with Assembla’s fully managed cloud solutions. Cloud cost control & seamless migration with BYOL Reduce your cloud expenses by up to 30% through optimized data transfers and storage solutions. Utilize Bring Your Own License (BYOL) for a smooth migration process and additional cost savings. Get a Free Cloud Cost Audit Global Cloud Performance with SOC-2 Security Our services are compliant with SOC 2 Type 2 and GDPR standards, and feature end-to-end encryption and advanced access controls, including SAML , SSO , and Active Directory . Explore Security High Uptime & Dedicated Support We offer a 99.9% uptime guarantee backed by a Service Level Agreement (SLA) , along with 24/5 support from Perforce DevOps to ensure your workflows remain uninterrupted. Explore Support Explore Managed Hosting security Security & compliance at the core . The all-in-one repository solution with built-in code review, version control and collaboration tools. A seamless, scalable repository solution for high-performance teams. SOC 2 & GDPR compliant Built to meet the highest security and privacy standards. Data encryption & access control AES 256-bit encryption, SAML, SSO, and RBAC permissions. Automated backups & instant recovery Continuous protection with rapid restore capabilities. 99.9% Uptime SLA Enterprise-grade reliability for uninterrupted development. Lean more about security Talk to an expert Testimonials What our customers say. "We're saving easily £30k/year with Assembla compared to bringing our own licenses and paying for most of an engineer's time." Ben Hymers Technical Director and Co-Founder of Two Point Studios “Basically, we live on Assembla & Slack. That's all we need.” John Romero Romero Games “We were in the middle of developing Republique and knew that our team was only going to be expanding. The time had come for a scalable solution and Perforce Cloud with Assembla was exactly what we needed.” Jason Casale Camouflaj "We migrated over to Assembla because 1) their pricing is super competitive and 2) they handle everything: the backups, the updates, and the maintenance of our server." Silas Talley Creative Director at Ambitious Games "The value we saw was that we had Assembla's expertise to stand up the infrastructure in AWS. But Assembla also then managed that infrastructure and we could focus on simply using Perforce in the cloud." Saham Ali Executive Vice President of Technology at Falcon’s Beyond "Being able to get a global Perforce solution on-demand and fully managed with Assembla helped the Unity team do more and go faster by freeing up internal resources." Mike Wuetherick Founder of Made with Unity Testimonials What our customers say. "We're saving easily £30k/year with Assembla compared to bringing our own licenses and paying for most of an engineer's time." Ben Hymers Technical Director and Co-Founder of Two Point Studios "We migrated over to Assembla because 1) their pricing is super competitive and 2) they take care of everything: they handle all the backups, the updates, and the maintenance of our server." Silas Talley Creative Director at Opti Games "Being able to get a global Perforce solution on-demand and fully managed with Assembla helped the Unity team do more and go faster by freeing up internal resources. We see Assembla as a trusted partner and an extension of the team” Mike Wuetherick Founder of Made with Unity "The value we saw was that we had Assembla's expertise to stand up the infrastructure in AWS. But Assembla also then managed that infrastructure and we could focus on simply using Perforce in the cloud." Saham Ali Falcon’s Beyond INtegrations Integrate instantly . Explore integrations Custom-build with abandon. Leverage the extensive Assembla API to support custom workflows and feed Assembla’s context-rich updates to other platforms essential to your software development lifecycle. Your code. Your collaboration. Your data. Get Started Now the numbers Already assembled on Assembla . 2M Git, SVN, and Perforce repositories 10M Code commits/month 1.2PB Of deeply creative output 1M Active contributors 100 Countries represented Secure your code. Scale without limits. The unified platform for secure, high-performance code collaboration. Join the teams building the future with Assembla. Start a free trial Contact sales Start free trial Platform Repos Spaces Solutions Industries Game development Entertainment Semiconductors Source code management SVN Perforce Git Project management Pricing Resources Help center Blog Customer stories Security Support Developer API Company About us Contact us Book a demo to discover how Assembla can elevate your business growth Submit Platform Repos Spaces Solutions Industries Game development Entertainment Semiconductors Source code management SVN Perforce Git Project management Pricing Resources Help center Blog Customer stories Security Support Developer API Company About us Contact us © 2025 All right reserved Privacy Policy Legal