Arkansas State University | Home of the Red Wolves Skip to content Menu Open search Search Submit Close Search Menu Open search in dialog Academics toggle submenu Explore All Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics A-State Online Library Early College Programs Classes & Registration Colleges University Centers & Locations Office of the Provost Admissions & Aid toggle submenu Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Student Admissions Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Visit A-State New Student Orientation Student Life toggle submenu Activities & Leadership Sports & Athletics Housing Dining Services Student Support Events Calendar Research toggle submenu Arkansas Biosciences Institute Institute for Rural Initiatives Research Opportunities Outreach toggle submenu Childhood Services Beck Center for Veterans History & Heritage Events & Venues RESTORE Hub Workforce & Economic Development About toggle submenu The A-State Story Living in Jonesboro Our Leadership Accreditations Campus Data & Institutional Research University News Faculty & Staff Directory Campus Offices Colleges Agriculture Neil Griffin College of Business Education & Behavioral Science Engineering & Computer Science Liberal Arts & Communication Nursing & Health Professions Beck College of Sciences & Mathematics University College Graduate School Veterinary Medicine Quick Links Canvas Pack Portal Campus Email A-State Knowledge Base Syllabi Academic Calendars Event Calendar Campus Offices Red Wolves NCAA Athletics Giving to A-State Information For Current Students Faculty & Staff High School Counselors & Parents Alumni International Students Dream. Discover. Belong. Join the Pack Programs Visit Apply Big Campus. Small Community. Big Campus. Small Community. Unmatched Opportunities At A-State, you’ll find the opportunities of a major research university with the
                        personal feel of a close-knit community. As Arkansas’s second-largest university and
                        a national leader in innovation and collaboration, A-State offers programs and experiences
                        that prepare you to make an impact. 17,926 Total Students 160+ Majors to Choose From 200+ Student Orgs on Campus Find Your Passion. Find Your Passion. Degrees Designed for What's Next Prepare for what comes after graduation with programs built for real-world impact
                                 and lifelong success. One Pack. Two Paths. In-Person Be here now. Dive into campus life where learning happens face-to-face and friendships
                                       last a lifetime. All In-Person Programs The Undergraduate Experience The Graduate Experience Online Be anywhere. Experience the same Red Wolf support and academic excellence, fully online. All Online Programs The Online Experience Find Your People. Find Your People. Where Learning Meets Living Life at A-State is more than lectures and labs. It’s experiences, friendships and
                     opportunities that shape who you’ll become. Welcome Home Student Life Activities & Leadership University Housing Sports & Athletics Living in Jonesboro Find Your Purpose. Find Your Purpose. Make a Difference Whether it’s improving communities in Arkansas or advancing solutions that reach worldwide,
                                    you’ll find opportunities to be part of something bigger at Arkansas State. Research At A-State See How We're Shaping the Future in the Delta, Thanks to a $10 million from Congress, A-State is building a cutting-edge Center for
                                    Advanced Materials & Steel Manufacturing, giving students the tools for a successful
                                    career in one of the nation’s top steel-producing regions. Read Story Thanks to a $10 million from Congress, A-State is building a cutting-edge Center for
                                    Advanced Materials & Steel Manufacturing, giving students the tools for a successful
                                    career in one of the nation’s top steel-producing regions. A-State's Freshman to Physician Pathway Start your journey from day one with our Freshman to Physician Pathway, designed to
                                       guide future doctors from their first semester to medical school. Learn More A-State's Freshman to Physician Pathway More Regional Impact Arkansas Heritage Sites Beck Center for Veterans Delta Center for Economic Development In Arkansas, A-State is here to empower every corner of our state, fueling the future through opportunity,
                                 innovation and service. Todd Shields, Chancellor College of Veterinary Medicine Planned to open in Fall 2026, the College of Veterinary Medicine will offer students
                                       the opportunity to pursue their DVM degree right here in Arkansas, preparing skilled
                                       veterinarians to serve our state and region. Learn More College of Veterinary Medicine More Statewide Impact Arkansas Biosciences Institute RESTORE Hub and Beyond. In the 1980s, there were fewer than 20 Red Wolves in the wild. But with help from
                                    A-State, they are making a comeback. Read the Story In the 1980s, there were fewer than 20 Red Wolves in the wild. But with help from
                                    A-State, they are making a comeback. Arkansas Biosciences Institute At ABI, researchers are working at the intersection of medicine and agriculture to
                                       make discoveries focused on improving human health. Learn More Arkansas Biosciences Institute More Global Impact A-State Students Selected for NASA Project International Campuses Got Questions? Connect With Us. We’re here to help you find your place and succeed. Reach out to us for help. Admissions 870-972-2782 News & Events All Events All News December 13, 2025 A-State Fall Commencement Celebrates Approximately 2,335 Graduates Read Story A-State Fall Commencement Celebrates Approximately 2,335 Graduates December 11, 2025 A-State to Host Fall Commencement on Saturday, Dec. 13 December 11, 2025 A-State Online Graduate Travels More than 1,500 Miles for Commencement Ceremony January 2 Women’s Basketball at Southern Miss January 3 Women’s Basketball at ULM January 3 Men’s Basketball vs James Madison - Branded Ice Scraper Giveaway Follow Us on Social Media Follow on Instagram Follow on Facebook Find your place here. Programs Visit Apply Contact Jonesboro, Arkansas 870-972-2782 Quick Links Maps & Directions Employment Accessibility Appropriate Use Fiscal Transparency Open Records Privacy Title IX Helpdesk File a Report Consumer Information ASU System © Copyright 2025 Arkansas State University ©