Using Artificial Intelligence (AI) on ASTM standards and related intellectual property is prohibited. Violations will result in suspension of access.
Cart 
Sign In
Home
About ASTM
Membership & Participation
Standards & Solutions
News
Help
FAQ

Helping Our World Work Better

Learn More About ASTM
New & Noteworthy
Change With Accuris Agreement

As of December 31, 2025, ASTM’s agreement with Accuris will terminate. Any of Accuris’ customer subscriptions for ASTM content, entered into during 2025, will be honored.

Learn more
Podcast: Protecting First Responders

Listen to the latest episode of “Standards Impact” to hear how standards are helping to protect those who protect us.

Listen
Introducing ASTM-PEER® for Phase I ESA Reporting

The new ASTM-PEER program provides independent, expert-led peer review of your Phase I Environmental Site Assessment (ESA) reports backed by ASTM’s trusted standards leaders and seasoned industry professionals. 

 
Learn More
Standardization News November/December 2025

Standards for electrical conductors. Training the workforce of tomorrow. Two new composting standards. And much more! Get the digital edition of ASTM's magazine.

Get Digital Edition
About ASTM

Committed to serving global societal needs, ASTM International standards positively impact public health and safety, consumer confidence, and overall quality of life... Helping our world work better.

Learn More About ASTM
Membership & Participation

Join more than 35,000 members worldwide in the development of global standards. Our 150+ technical committees and more than 2,100 subcommittees span a wide range of industries.

Learn More About Membership & Participation
Standards & Solutions

Get your standards instantly with our revolutionary subscription-based platforms, online volumes, and enterprise solutions. Learn how your entire organization can benefit from our sophisticated standards user tools and collaboration software.

ASTM Compass®

Combining 13,000+ standards with 1,500+ books and 47,000+ articles and papers plus custom workflow tools, ASTM Compass® provides you one of the most comprehensive libraries of technical information available in the world.

Learn More About ASTM Compass®
Annual Book of ASTM Standards

Download single standards, order print volumes, or subscribe to an online volume via ASTM Compass®.


Learn More
ASTM Digital Library

Get on-demand access to every ASTM book, paper, and journal article dating back to 1932.

Learn More
ASTM SpecBuilder

Use our industry-leading framework for content delivery and digital collaborating, balloting, and publishing.

Learn More
Additional Standards Publishers

Explore content from leading standards development organizations AASHTO, AATCC, API, AWWA, CGA, IES, IOGP, UNE, and UOP.

Learn More
Market Insights & Innovation

Join us in collaborating and creating partnerships that drive your industry forward. We offer the resources you need to quickly develop and implement standards for emerging technologies.

Standardization Impact Report

Providing a strategic overview of global innovation trends and the role of standards

Learn More
ASTM Xcellerate

Accelerating standards development for new innovations

Learn More
Centers of Excellence

Conducting strategic R&D for emerging technologies to enhance quality and promote commercial success

Learn More
Market Intelligence & Wohlers Reports

Covering the latest in R&D, trends, and new developments in additive manufacturing

Learn More
Learn More About Market Insights & Innovation
Laboratory Services
Comprehensive Solutions for All Your QA/QC Needs

From Accredited Proficiency Testing Programs and high-quality Certified Reference Materials to automated SQC Software, we provide cost-effective, integrated products for all types of laboratories.

Learn More About Laboratory Services
Training and Certification
Industry Leading Live and OnDemand Training

Ensure your team knows how to properly execute the important standards in your industry. From hands-on live courses held worldwide to interactive on-demand options, we have a learning solution to meet your needs.

Learn More About Training and Certification
13,000+
Global ASTM Standards

Positively impact public health and safety, consumer confidence, and overall quality of life

125
MoU Partner Countries

9,400+ citations in 100+ nations contribute to and benefit from ASTM's accepted standards

35,000+
Volunteer Members

Collaborate daily to create and update market-relevant industry standards

ASTM International offers resources for standards development and use worldwide according to individual country’s needs. 125 regional and national standards bodies partner with ASTM through its Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) program.

Learn More About Global Cooperation
Latest News
Standards and the Future of Biopharmaceuticals
The manufacture of biologics, such as gene therapies and vaccines, is a unique process with unique challenges. Standards are being developed to help.
Features

Dec 29, 2025

Protecting Our Waters with Standards
An interview with William Lipps, past chair and current vice-chair of the committee on water (D19).
Interview

Dec 28, 2025

Standards Help Protect Our Pets
Unlike the safety standards that are common in other areas of society, there are very few to protect our pets. That is changing.
Features

Dec 16, 2025

Bungee Jumping Standard Approved
The new practice is the first bungee standard approved by an international standards development organization.
Update

Dec 16, 2025

New Low Alloy Steel Analysis Standard
The standard will fill the technical gap in inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry analysis.
Update

Dec 12, 2025

Digital Human Modeling Standard for Exoskeletons
The standard will help people use exoskeletons safely, comfortably, and effectively.
Update

Dec 12, 2025

About ASTM
Governance
Global Cooperation
Corporate Citizenship
History
Regional Offices and Websites
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging
Culture & Careers
Membership & Participation
Membership
Technical Committees
Member Tools
Meetings, Symposia & Workshops
Academic Outreach
Emerging Professionals
Publish with ASTM
Consumer Participation
Standards & Solutions
Standards & Publications
Enterprise Solutions
ASTM Compass®
Digital Library
Market Insights & Innovation
Laboratory Services
Training Courses
Certification
Cement & Concrete Reference Lab
News
Standardization News
Press Releases
Podcasts
Español
Editorial Calendar and Media Kit
Help
Contact ASTM
Locations
FAQ
Policies
Privacy Policy
Logo Policy
IP Policy
Return Policy
Copyright & Permissions

Copyright © 1996 - 2025 ASTM. All Rights Reserved. ASTM International, 100 Barr Harbor Drive, PO Box C700, West Conshohocken, PA, 19428-2959 USA

Edit

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies
Welcome to astm.org

You’re about to be directed to the ASTM South Korean microsite. Would you like to continue?

Go to ASTM in South Korean microsite
Stay on astm.org