Homepage | Aston University Skip to main content Study locations: Birmingham | London | Online Find a course Search Menu Header top menu International students Applying to Aston Scholarships International Partnerships Aston students Student Portal (OneAston) New students Alumni Donate to Aston Staff Search Main navigation Courses A to Z of Courses Open Days, events and webinars Why choose Aston? Study at Aston Teaching and learning Undergraduate Postgraduate Postgraduate research International students Foundation Programmes Degree apprenticeships Online courses Work-based degrees Student life Virtual tour Fees and Finance Accommodation Student support Student Union Careers and Placements Library and Learning Services Student life at Aston Birmingham life Research Research at Aston Research Excellence Framework Impact case studies Supporting our researchers Knowledge Exchange Research and Enterprise department Research degrees Find Experts For Business Collaborate with our academics Recruitment support Start and grow your business Train your people Aston Business Hub About About Aston University News Aston Podcasts 2030 Strategy Education & Student Experience Strategy Enterprise Strategy Rankings and Awards Our history Governance and management Our commitment to our students Improving access to higher education Jobs at Aston Contact us Find a course X Find your course Search View your bookmarked courses Advanced filters Course level Foundation programmes Undergraduate degrees Degree apprenticeships Postgraduate MA/MSc courses MBA Professional courses/CPD Work-based learning Research degrees/PhD DBA Online courses Courses by subject Audiology Biosciences Business Computer Science Engineering and Physical Sciences English Language and Literature History Law Mathematics Medicine Neuroscience Nursing Optometry Pharmacy Politics and International Relations Psychology Sociology and Criminology Course type Full-time Full-time (Hons) Full-time / Part-time Full-time or part-time (Hons) Online/distance learning (Hons) Part-time (Hons) Part-time / distance learning Part-time, Online / distance learning Professional short courses/CPD Work-based degree (Hons) Part-time Online / distance learning Work-based degree Aston University London Course format Placement year (UK/abroad) Integrated placements Integrated placement year Integrated international placement Internship / overseas study Optional placement year Work-based learning Experiential learning No placements Beginner’s language routes Available through clearing - Any - True False Apply filters Clear all Gups OBE Aston leader awarded OBE in New Year Honours Find out more UCAS application support UCAS application support Looking for help with your UCAS application? Visit our step by step guide. Visit our UCAS Application Hub Big ideas. Bold action. Transformative research. Big ideas. Bold action. Transformative research. Discover Aston Breakthroughs Search our courses Browse by subject area UCAS application support Looking for help with your UCAS application? Visit our step by step guide. Visit our UCAS Application Hub Rewrite what's possible What does it feel like to find your purpose? Yazan found his - and it started at Aston. From supportive academics teaching him to rethink the rules, to a year spent in Iceland living his dream to make a difference, he is inspiring other students to write their own futures. Watch his incredible story to see how opportunities at Aston can lead to life-changing moments that spark the potential to make a lasting impact on the world. Find out more about our teaching Undergraduate courses Explore our wide range of undergraduate degrees and kickstart your future by gaining stand-out skills. Postgraduate courses Scholarships of up to £10,000 are available for postgraduate courses starting in September 2025. Scholarships We are committed to supporting the most talented and hardworking students to achieve their potential. International Students We are a diverse and friendly international community from over 120 countries. 2030 Strategy Inclusive. Entrepreneurial. Transformational. Our vision is to be a leading university of science, technology and enterprise, measured by the positive transformational impact we achieve for our people, students, businesses and the communities we serve. Find out more Outstanding Entrepreneurial University Start and Grow your business here. Support Services A helping hand through university life. Campus tour video Take a video tour of the Aston campus, located in the centre of Birmingham, with our students Yean and Akash. In the tour, we explore our on-campus accommodation, communal areas, Students' Union, study spaces, lecture halls, cafes, sports centre and more. Get a real taste of life at Aston right now. Accommodation Award-winning accommodation on our friendly campus. Aston Online Find out more about our online courses. Explore our virtual tour for a 360 degree view View our virtual tour We've been busy... It's been an exciting time at Aston University, with amazing new achievements that highlight our teaching excellence, outstanding student outcomes, and strong performance in global and UK rankings. Here are just a few highlights: University of the Year for Student Success (Daily Mail University Guide 2025) 21st in the UK (The Guardian University Guide 2025) 2nd in the Country for Social Mobility (Higher Education Policy Institute) And that’s just the beginning. Watch our video to discover more. Find out more Latest Aston University news and events NEWS - 29/12/2025 Aston University leader awarded OBE for transformative contributions to enterprise and policy Aston University leader awarded OBE for transformative contributions to enterprise NEWS - 19/12/2025 Minister for Skills launches medtech qualification co-validated by Aston University researcher Minister for Skills launches medtech qualification co-validated by Aston University researcher More news EVENTS - 03/12/2025 The Global Spread of English: What Lies Beneath? EVENTS - 25/11/2025 Leadership Matters Global: Leading People event! More events Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Youtube TSR Wechat #TeamAston Schools Aston Business School Aston Graduate School Aston Medical School Aston Pharmacy School School of Biosciences School of Engineering and Innovation School of Computer Science and Digital Technologies School of Optometry School of Psychology School of Law and Social Sciences More Information Student support services News Press office Open days Jobs and vacancies Aston Global Aston Online Report and Support Preventing and responding to harassment and sexual misconduct Freedom of speech Student Recruitment and Outreach Contact Us Aston University Birmingham B4 7ET UK +44 (0)121 204 3000 Visit us University departments Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility © Aston University Accessibility Cookies Disclaimer Publication Scheme Modern Slavery Act Privacy