Skip to main content
Report an accessibility problem
ASU Home
My ASU
Colleges and Schools
Sign In
Arizona State University
News and Events
Academics
Admission
Research
Athletics
Alumni
Giving
President
About ASU
Pause
Winning a better tomorrow

We’re ringing in the new year with optimism and hope, inspired by the research breakthroughs improving lives in Arizona and around the world. May your holiday season be light, bright and full of promise – just like our future.

Watch the video
Find my degree program
I would like to take most or all classes
In person
Online
Search by keyword
OR
Search by interest area
Select one...
Architecture & Construction
Arts
Business
Communication & Media
Computing & Mathematics
Education & training
Engineering & Technology
Entrepreneurship
Exploratory
Health & Wellness
Humanities
Interdisciplinary Studies
Law, Justice & Public Service
Science
Social & Behavioral Sciences
Sustainability
STEM
Undecided
Degree type
Undergraduate
Graduate
 
Discover what's right for me
View all rankings
I am a future
In Person
Online

First-year student

Transfer student

Graduate student

International student

Veteran student

Non-degree student

Aprender más en Español
The ASU difference:

We are measured not by whom we exclude, but by whom we include and how they succeed

— Excerpt from ASU charter
Experience world-class academics

As a comprehensive public research university, ASU is committed to providing excellence in education through the Academic Enterprise, and enables the success of each unique student and increases access to higher education for all.

Learn more
Discovery and innovation that serves the public

As ASU focuses on research and discovery of public value, the Knowledge Enterprise advances research, innovation, strategic partnerships, entrepreneurship, technology transfer and international development.

Learn more
Serving all learners at every stage of life

Assuming fundamental responsibility for the communities it serves, ASU's Learning Enterprise aims to serve all learners at every stage of life by providing high quality, accessible and affordable learning opportunities to everyone.

Learn more
Carve your path

At Arizona State University, you'll join a community that will help you explore your interests and learn new skills. Through quality academics, enrichment opportunities and support from friends and faculty, you'll graduate prepared to accomplish your goals throughout your life. Find the experience that fits you.

Visit ASU
Request information
Apply now
Stories of excellence
ASU’s business school recognized globally for excellence in research

The W. P. Carey School of Business ranks No. 3 among public U.S. universities and 17th in the world for its excellence and innovation in business research, according to the prestigious Financial Times.

From college dropout to four-star general

Everyone’s path is different. After dropping out of ASU, Shawn Bratton came back and graduated, and is now the second-highest-ranking officer in the U.S. Space Force.

ASU a top contributor to Teach for America

ASU ranks No. 2 for most graduates joining Teach for America, an organization whose members work in rural and urban communities across the U.S. to ensure that every child has an education.

A decade of supporting and educating foster youth

ASU’s Bridging Success program was launched 10 years ago to help foster youth earn a college degree, leading to higher graduation rates and life-changing outcomes.

Tackling Alzheimer’s on multiple fronts

ASU researchers are combating Alzheimer’s disease from many angles and making promising advancements in the fight against the disease.

Thunderbird again ranks No. 1 in the world for international trade education

For the fourth consecutive year, the Thunderbird School of Global Management has been recognized as the world leader in international trade education, ahead of Cambridge, Oxford and Columbia.

One university, many places
Polytechnic campus
Virtual tour
Tempe campus
Virtual tour
West Valley campus
Virtual tour
Downtown Phoenix campus
Virtual tour
Skysong
Find out more
Los Angeles
Learn more
Washington D.C.
Find out more
Media and Immersive eXperience (MIX) Center
Find out more
Reimagining education for everyone
New programs for all ages

Ambition, curiosity, creativity and passion don't fit in any one box. No matter who you are or how you learn, ASU is ready to serve learners at every stage of life. ASU for You is the first step in a larger movement — a movement that's breaking down education barriers and building up high quality, affordable and accessible learning opportunities for everyone, from K-12 to midcareer to postretirement and every individual in between.

Learn more
Maps and Locations
Jobs
Directory
Contact ASU
My ASU
Copyright and Trademark
Accessibility
Privacy
Terms of Use
Emergency
Manage my privacy settings