Contact Us
sales@asurahosting.com
Knowledgebase
Client Area
Web Hosting
Reseller Hosting 
Streaming 
VPS
Solutions 
About Us
Login
Register
Affordable Website Hosting
Easily choose between cPanel or Direct Admin
 99.9% Uptime
 Enterprise Litespeed
 NVMe  SSD Storage
 Anti-DDoS Protection
 Free SSL Certificates
 Softaculous
 Free Domain Registration
 Backups by JetBackup
View Web Hosting Plans
Other Solutions
Multiple Affordable Hosting services to suit you perfectly

Unique Web Hosting solutions to fit almost any scenario, for both first-time users and professionals.

Website Hosting

Easily host your own website

Starts At
$1.00/mo
View Plans
Reseller Hosting

Create your own accounts

Starts At
$3.29/mo
View Plans
VPS Hosting

Dedicated Resources for any project

Starts At
$7.99/mo
View Plans
Radio Hosting

Stream your own radio station

Starts At
$3.99/mo
View Plans
100,000+
Websites
Use our Infrastructure
$200+
Freely
Included premium software
10+
Years
Of Hosting Experience
20,000+
Clients
Use our Platform
OUR COMPANY
A Brief Summary of Asura Hosting

We take Web Hosting to the next level and bring a whole new perspective when it comes to affordability in the web hosting space. Not only do we bundle our hosting plans with over $200+ worth of free software, we do that at no-renewal hikes either, a strict pricing model we have been practicing for almost a decade.

Our unique approach to affordability while offering premium products and services has helped us garner the trust of thousands of Business Owners, Freelancers, Smaller Web Hosts, Communities and Bloggers who manage and host their Websites under our hosting brand.

OUR PARTNERS
Unique Partnerships

Asura Hosting is a proud partner of Cloudflare, Litespeed and a Certified PartnerNOC of cPanel. This allows us to bundle our hosting plans with the best software in the website hosting industry while staying true to our affordable pricing structure. It also gives us the ability to offer unique partner-only products and software.

Hosting Partner
Hosting Partner
Certified PartnerNOC
REWARD SYSTEM
Client Account Tiers

Be rewarded for your commitment! We award our loyal customers with our in-house developed account tier system that consists of 3 different tiers. Clients with an assigned tier get access to Exclusive products, Global lifetime recurring discounts and Instant provisioning on any product.

Awards are automatically assigned to clients who meet the requirements and do not require any manual intervention.

Security with CloudLinux

Cloudlinux offers enhanced security with its "Cage" like server environment, providing every separate account its own isolation preventing cross-account breaches while also providing you with more customization over your account.

Turbo Charged Servers

Our servers are optimized to the max, featuring Litespeed, Solid State Drives and Intel Xeon Processors. Litespeed is a drop-in replacement for Apache that is up to 6x faster at serving dynamic content and offers unique server-level caching.

FTP Access

Every hosting account comes with the ability to use FTP. You can directly access your account data with third-party applications like Filezilla.

Easily Make Payment

We support 3 different methods of payment on our platform including Bitcoin, Direct Credit/Debit card payment with Stripe and PayPal.

Upgrade at any time

Directly upgrade your account at any time within our Client Area. Upgrades are pro-rata priced, so you never lose value on the amount you have already paid. Upgrades are also instant and never put your account offline at any stage.

30-Day Refund Policy

We believe that you should get the service that you pay for or we don't deserve your money. We will refund your payment within the first 30 days if you are not happy with our product or service.

99.9% Uptime

Infrastructure supported by both leading Datacenters and Software providers, allowing us to achieve 99.9% Reliability on all our hosting services.

Optimized for Speed

Our servers are truly super-charged, featuring Litespeed, NVMe SSD Drives, and 10Gbit/s Ports our servers increase dynamic content rendering times by up to 1000%

24/7 Support

An ever-evolving Technical Support team that has an average response time of just 20 minutes with over 10,000 tickets solved to date.

Free Migrations

Coming from another web host? With thousands of migrations to date, our experienced technical team will migrate your entire web hosting account to our servers free of charge!

Free SSL Certificates

SSL Certificates have become the norm, with most websites now requiring one. All our hosting services come with the ability to install Free Unlimited SSL certificates that you can install on your domains/websites.

Install 400+ Applications

All Web Hosting and Reseller Hosting plans come freely equipped with Softaculous, an easy to use 1 click installer that allows you to install applications like Wordpress, WHMCS and 400+ other applications in seconds.

View Our Web Hosting Plans
www.
Register
Transfer
$11.99 .com
$12.49 .net
$12.99 .org
$10.99 .co.uk
$9.99 .us
$9.99 .de
Unlimited Web Hosting + Free Domain from only $47.99 /yr

Pure NVMe, Enterprise Litespeed, 99.99% Uptime and more! *Domain is included free for the lifetime of the web hosting account.

Get Started 

Over 9 years of web hosting experience, trusted by over 20,000 happy clients.

Select Country 
Our Company
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Web Hosting
Web Hosting
NodeJS Hosting
Python Hosting
NVMe Hosting
Softaculous Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Drupal Hosting
Joomla Hosting
Linux Hosting
Reseller Hosting
Cheap Reseller Hosting
Direct Admin Reseller Hosting
cPanel Reseller Hosting
WHMCS Reseller Hosting
Master Reseller Hosting
Streaming
Shoutcast Hosting
Icecast Hosting
Radio Hosting
Azuracast Hosting
Shoutcast Reseller Hosting
Clients
Client Login
Support
Affiliates
Knowledgebase
Submit A Ticket
Uptime This Month: 100%|Support Average Response Time: 27 Minutes| Trusted by over: 20,000 Happy Customers!
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Sitemap

Copyright © 2012 - 2025, Aquiryn LLC, All Rights Reserved. Asura Hosting is a subsidiary of Aquiryn, LLC.