Personal Banking | ATB Financial Skip to content Skip to Personal menu Search Sign in to online banking Sign In Personal Business Commercial Wealth Sign In Good Advice Everyday Banking Investing Borrowing Insurance Mortgages Get up to 5.20%* on a non-redeemable GIC and watch your money bloom. Invest now New to ATB? Bank on you and get up to $820* in cash & value. Learn more Explore our most popular offerings Featured chequing account Unlimited Chequing Account $15.95 monthly fee, waived with a $4,000 monthly balance Unlimited transactions (including Interac e-Transfer ® ) Open now See other accounts Featured credit card ATB Gold Cash Rewards Mastercard ® 1% unlimited cash back on all purchases No annual fee Purchase and travel insurance Apply now See other credit cards Featured savings account Springboard Savings ® Account No monthly fee and no minimum balance Open now See details Get expert advice Our team of specialists can equip you with the information you need to power your everyday. Book an appointment Discover our services Fund your first or next home Mortgages Getting a new home is exciting. Let's navigate the complexity together and discover the best mortgage option for you. Explore your options Take the next step Borrowing Borrowing can make it possible to move confidently toward major life goals. Find the best solution to achieve your goals. Explore your options Save with a strategy Investing Maximize your money and reach your savings goals with advice and investments to suit your portfolio. Explore your options Bank on your terms Everyday Banking We’ve made it simple to open your account and bank when, where and how you want. Explore your options Safeguard your future Insurance Navigate the unexpected with confidence credit protection and more. Explore your options Foster your financial literacy Good Advice Explore our library of resources to grow your financial knowledge and get one step closer to reaching your goals. Explore your options Get in touch Contact us Client feedback Find a location Book an appointment Discover ATB Capital Markets ATB Investment Management ATB Entrepreneur Centre ATB Prosper ATB Ventures Resources Current rates Digital banking help Marketing preferences Tools Fraud prevention FATCA/CRS Update Company About Accessibility Careers Community Economic insights News Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Legal Privacy & security Code of Conduct Copyright © 2025 ATB. All rights reserved.