Skip to main content
Products
Solutions
Autonomous IT
Resources
Company
Pricing
Start free trial
Contact sales
Log in
The #1 AI platform for IT management

Atera’s AI agents don’t just assist, they act. From detection to resolution, they handle incidents and requests instantly, taking your IT management from automated to autonomous.

Get started
No credit card required
Your IT essentials.
Integrated. Elevated.
Smarter workflows, leaner ops, better decisions

With AI now woven into its core, Atera centralizes your tools and boosts productivity through a modern, scalable architecture that enables faster, smarter work with less effort.

AI Copilot

AI Copilot is your intelligent IT companion, seamlessly extending your IT team’s capabilities without adding to headcount. With the power of Agentic AI, it helps technicians work faster and with greater accuracy.

Learn more
IT Autopilot

IT Autopilot, an autonomous IT agent, instantly resolves IT issues anytime, anywhere. It empowers end users to self-serve, reduces IT workload by up to 40%, and minimizes incoming tickets.

Learn more
Network Discovery

Atera’s Network Discovery tool gives IT teams complete visibility of their IT infrastructure by mapping connected devices. This real-time monitoring identifies potential vulnerabilities, ensuring effective asset management and security.

Learn more
Ticketing & Help Desk

Atera’s fully integrated, AI-powered ticketing and service desk solution provides intelligent recommendations, automated workflows, and seamless communication to streamline issue resolution and enhance IT support and customer service.

Learn more
Remote Monitoring & Management

Atera’s real-time monitoring, remote access, automated patch management, and intelligent IT automations enable IT professionals to remotely detect, diagnose, and resolve issues before they cause operational disruptions, reducing downtime and eliminating the need for on-site troubleshooting.

Learn more
Asset Management

Atera’s asset management capabilities empower IT professionals to efficiently track, manage, and audit assets through a centralized platform. With flexible custom asset fields, Atera simplifies asset tracking to enhance visibility, reduce manual effort, and improve operational efficiency.

Patch Management

Atera’s automated patch management streamlines the process of securing and optimizing IT environments. It scans, schedules, and deploys critical patches from a centralized dashboard while allowing for customizable patching policies to minimize disruptions.

Learn more
Integrations

Atera’s platform integrates with leading partners and offers built-in and add-on solutions, including security tools, backup, and MDM, to optimize performance and expand IT management capabilities.

Learn more
Enterprise-grade

Atera prioritizes security and compliance through robust protections that align with industry standards and best practices. Our AI-driven features, built on Microsoft’s Responsible AI principles empower IT teams to work efficiently while maintaining trust and compliance.

1/10
The depth of a full-stack platform with the power of AI
A better way to support work

With Autonomous IT support running in the background, employees get instant help. That means no waiting, no tickets, and no slowdown.

AI agents working for you

Atera’s AI agents work alongside your team to handle up to 40% of routine tasks autonomously.

Run your IT from one place

Atera unifies RMM, helpdesk, ticketing, and patching into a single, streamlined platform to give you full visibility and control.

IT that runs smarter,
with you or for you
Autopilot
Copilot
IT Autopilot
From automated to Autonomous IT

IT Autopilot goes beyond assistance and autonomously resolves issues on end-user devices with no hands needed.

Enterprise-grade IT support, 24/7

IT Autopilot delivers human-like assistance, not canned responses.

Context-aware intelligence

IT Autopilot taps into your knowledge base to solve issues your way.

Smarter daily workflows

IT Autopilot deploys apps, resets passwords, provides real-time insights, and more.

Request a demo
Request a demo
Recognized industry leader
Atera is on CRN’s 10 Hottest AI Tools of 2025 list
Learn more 
Atera is a G2 Market Leader in AIOps and Platforms
Learn more 
Atera named to Capterra’s 2025 Shortlist for Artificial Intelligence
Learn more 
Atera is on Software Advice’s Best Artificial Intelligence Software of 2025 list
Learn more 
Proven. Trusted. Certified.
What global IT teams are saying

“The AI copilot is like having another team member. Tickets have been reduced by 25-35% and its assisting us with knowledge base generation.”

Zack Barr

Service Desk Analyst

35%
reduction in the number of incoming tickets
100%
automated knowledge base generation
Read case study

“The role of IT is very important in our college, especially with so much of our instruction now happening online—we we don’t have the luxury of downtime. Atera has been an invaluable tool, allowing us to monitor all campus devices and ensure our systems stay up and running 24/7.”

David Johnston

Director of Information Technology

3
Geographical sites
5000
End users
Read case study

“Atera is instrumental in allowing Trapp technology to deliver world-class IT solutions to over 2500 clients and 140,000 endpoints… Partnering with Atera is gonna allow us to more efficiently grow into the future.”

Shawn Davidson 

President

30%
decrease in first reply time
+10%
annual increase in NPS
Read case study
Security-first, AI-responsible

Our platform is built with best-in-class security, data protection, and compliance standards, and our AI features are developed with transparency and governance at every step.

Works with the tools you already use

Atera integrates with your IT favorites from Microsoft Teams and Slack to Zapier and Bitdefender.

Explore all integrations
Take the leap towards Autonomous IT

Deploy your first agent in minutes. Experience the exponential impact yourself!

Start free trial
AUTONOMOUS IT
IT Autopilot
AI Copilot
AI Security
IT Autopilot savings calculator
PRODUCTS
RMM
Ticketing & Help desk
Patch management
Network Discovery
Roadmap
Integrations
LEARN
Webinars
Academy
IT glossary
What is RMM?
What is an MSP?
What is Helpdesk Software?
Best RMM software
RESOURCES
Help center
Blog
Customer stories
Reviews & comparisons
Atera Login Page
SOLUTIONS
IT departments
MSPs
Education
Healthcare
Retail
Manufacturing
Finance
Government
CONNECT
Ateraverse '25
Events
Community
CONTACT
Contact sales
Contact support
Tech partners
Business partners
COMPANY
About us
Careers
Press center

Copyright © Atera Networks Ltd. 2025

apple store app
google play app
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Atera Trust
Status
Accessibility
English
Atera on facebook
Atera on X (twitter)
Atera on youtube
Atera on linkedin
Atera on reddit
Atera community
Discord