Canada's Open University | Online learning | Athabasca University Skip to main content How AU works Previous Menu How AU works Getting started Your education your way Credit transfer and credit for experience Indigenous studies support Accreditation Programs and courses Applications and admissions Previous Menu Applications and admissions Apply to AU How to transfer credits Financial aid and awards Tuition and fees Future student information Research funding and assistance Current students Previous Menu Current students Student record Financial aid and awards Exam procedures Transcripts and grades Current student information Appeals Student support Previous Menu Student support Academic support Mental health and wellness Accessibility services Indigenous student support We are Canada’s Open University Online education Your online experience Success stories Admissions Apply to AU Future student information Transfer credit Transfer to an AU program Courses for other institutions Tuition and fees Calculate course fees Financial aid and awards Open your options with online offerings at Athabasca University more than 94 % of our alumni are satisfied with the quality of their AU education more than 92 % of AU alumni say they are in a job related to their field of study over 500 k program and course alumni from over 100 countries. What makes AU unique? Select your path At AU, we are driven by a strong commitment to empower learners worldwide. As Canada's Open University, we embrace accessibility and flexibility, delivering exceptional online and distance learning opportunities. Our affordable courses, comprehensive undergraduate and graduate degree programs, and diverse professional development options aim to unlock the barriers of traditional education, fostering lifelong growth and success. Choose the online learning path that works for you! Online undergraduate programs We offer undergraduate degree programs, diplomas, and certificates in business, health, technology, arts, and more! Find a program and schedule that fits your lifestyle and goals. Explore AU undergraduate programs Online graduate programs AU online graduate programs give you the knowledge and skills to advance your career. Earn a master's degree, doctoral degree, graduate diploma, or certificate. Explore AU graduate programs Online courses Our online undergraduate and graduate courses are designed to fit perfectly into your schedule. We have over 850 options in a variety of subject areas! Explore AU courses Online professional development Boost your continuing education with short, standalone courses or a series of courses that can be combined to earn a certificate. Explore our digital services to bring your organization's learning and development activities online. View professional development courses I chose Athabasca University for the flexibility and the ability to study from home. I have a daughter, and during the pandemic my daughter was home. So I wanted to be there for her. Shari Braun Bachelor of Science 2023 Learn more about Shari's AU experience AU News View All Upcoming events View All Visit Nukskahtowin, our Indigenous meeting place Athabasca University respectfully acknowledges that we are on and work on the traditional lands of the Indigenous Peoples (Inuit, First Nations, Métis) of Canada. We honour the ancestry, heritage, and gifts of the Indigenous Peoples and give thanks to them. Visit Nukskahtowin The word “inukshuk” means “in the likeness of a human.” For generations, Inuit have been creating these impressive stone markers on the vast Arctic landscape. Inukshuks serve several functions, including guiding travellers, warning of danger, assisting hunters and marking places of reverence. Main Site https://www.athabascau.ca/ 0803f4e00a2a55fc5964e4ff910ac36c