Governance Ops™ Software for Legal, Tax & Finance Teams | Athennian Product Platform Product overview Pricing & Packages Latest feature release Enterprise Connectivity Capabilities Entity & People Records Equity & Debt Structures Structure Charts Athennian AI Capabilities Controls & Governance Document Management Appointments/D&O Tasks & Reports Introducing AI-Powered Entity Management From smarter Structure Charts to AI-powered automation, learn more in our February Feature Release. Take A Tour Request Demo Solutions Company Type Corporate Groups Private Equity & Funds Professional Services Family Offices Teams Legal Treasury Finance Tax industries Real estate Investment Energy Financial Services Manufacturing See The Latest Product Updates and Features Enhanced capabilities that make compliance, stakeholder reporting and access management smarter and more secure. Take A Tour Request Demo Resources learn Blog Help Center Webinars Ebooks & Guides discover Governance Ops™ In Action Case Studies Global Compliance UBO Guide Compare Solutions See how we compare service & support Partners API Documentation Trust Center Tech & Security A Buyer's Guide to Modernizing Entity Management Gain a practical framework to evaluate solutions and get set for governance operations. Explore with ChatGPT Explore with Google AI Explore with Perplexity Explore with Claude Take A Tour Request Demo Company More about us About Us Careers Newsroom Leadership recent news Athennian's Companies House Integration Streamlines UK Entity Compliance Take A Tour Request Demo Book A Demo Get Started Get Started Scale Entity management With governance ops™ Unlock a complete suite of intuitive, integrated, AI-powered tools for legal, tax and finance teams operating complex corporate structures. Get Started Take A Tour Trusted by Innovative Teams For Corporate Groups Gain a single source of truth over complex global entity structures to align teams, reduce risk and boost efficiency. Learn More For Private Equity & Funds Enhance reporting and oversight of private market structures with AI-powered tools for legal, tax and finance teams. Learn More For Real Estate Investment Centralize ownership structures, accelerate investment decisions and enhance investor confidence across complex real estate portfolios. Learn More For Professional Services Deliver superior value to clients with centralized data, streamlined compliance and AI-powered governance tools. Learn More One Governance Ops ™ solution for modern entity management Entity & People Records Equity & Debt Structures Structure Charts Controls & Governance Document Management Appointments/ D&O Tasks & Reports Athennian AI Entity & People Records Record entity details, appointment, addresses, KYC, registrations and compliance details in reportable and searchable profiles. Learn More Equity & Debt Structures Manage cap tables, equity and debt transactions, records and structure across industries. Learn More Structure Charts Instantly produce dynamic charts that reflect ownership, governance and commercial relationships. Learn More Controls & Governance Control and monitor your source of truth with granular permissions, audit trails and custom fields to ensure data integrity. Learn More Document Management Store, edit and automate templates, use electronic signatures, and control access to sensitive documents. Learn More Appointments/D&O Record, link and automate any appointment such as director, officer, power of attorney or signing authority. Learn More Tasks & Reports Track compliance dates and significant events, and create custom task lists for various activities and milestones. Learn More Athennian AI Remove the cost, time and risk of manual data entry and initial onboarding, M&A and ongoing maintenance. Learn More Powerful software that’s not overpowering Athennian balances capability with usability in an intuitive, flexible, fully integrated Governance Ops ™ solution for enterprise entity management. Flexible and Integrated With configurable software, sophisticated user permissions, AI assistance and a powerful bi-directional API, Athennian aligns your operations across regions, teams and industries. Secure and Compliant Built with SOC 2, annual penetration testing, data encryption at rest and other advanced security protocols, Athennian is trusted by leading risk managers to store sensitive information. Onboarding and Support Leveraging AI, consulting partners and government-source data, Athennian builds an accurate single source of truth to quickly and successfully onboard customers. Rich Partner Ecosystem From advisory to implementation, our network of trusted partners helps you scale efficiently and reach your goals using Athennian’s proven Governance Ops™ platform. Learn More By The Numbers 0 + entities managed 0 + countries represented 0 % customer satisfaction 0 + users 0 % uptime A Fully featured entity management Solution Athennian AI Ensure accuracy, eliminate inefficiencies and save hundreds of hours annually with AI-enabled entity creation and document management. Learn More Professional Services Partners Scale your capability by tapping Athennian’s partner network for fully managed or ad-hoc services for entity formation, corporate entity management and expansion, implementation, registered agent, tax advice and more. Learn More Structure Charts Generate dynamic, real-time visualizations of ownership, governance and financing relationships across entities with clear, actionable charts that support improved decision-making and stakeholder communication. Learn More Trusted by Leading Global Organizations After a board resolution is signed, I don’t always have time to file it immediately. Now, I just forward it to Athennian, and the AI suggests the file name and stages it for review. AI has made it easier to delegate. I don’t have to manage every upload, the system gives enough context for others to do it right. — Thao Harrington Legal Counsel, Hitachi Digital We love Athennian's feature to set time limits on data access. We recently had a transaction closing at the end of January, and Athennian allowed us to grant outside counsel access to relevant data within that time frame. This keeps our legal processes secure and efficient. — Michelle Khedar Senior Law Clerk, Fengate Asset Management We were able to put all entity data into one platform. Teams didn’t have to go through different documents to find out who’s the authorized signatory or the parent entity, for example. It’s all in Athennian. We trust the data now. — Diana Hendrix Director of Legal Operations, Wellbore Integrity Solutions My favorite Athennian feature is the virtual minute book. I love that you can pull a folder, download everything and share with others—it is exactly what I was looking for. I use it all the time. — Melody Gibson Senior Paralegal Teams in other countries can go in, pull documents and do not have to wait on email responses or timezone differences. Anything they need, it's all right at their fingertips. That's a huge win. — Deanna Venello Legal Operations Manager Read the Case Studies UBO Regulations: A Global Overview A comprehensive resource for global UBO compliance, offering detailed analysis of UBO regulations across 50 key jurisdictions. Download Now Governance Ops™ software for strategic entity management Contact Us: +1 (647) 598-8739 Email: sales@athennian.com Explore AI Summary Explore with ChatGPT Explore with Google AI Explore with Perplexity Explore with Grok Explore with Claude Legal & IT Legal Portal Privacy Tech & Security Download the International NDA Download the US NDA Resources Document Coding Help Center Service Requests Branding API Documentation Content Capterra Gov Oops Company About Us Careers Hiring Paper Interactive, Inc. 2025. "Athennian" is a registered trademark of Paper Interactive, Inc. in the United States, Canada and other countries. All rights reserved.