Skip to Main Content
Contact Us
Request a Demo
Support
PRODUCTS
SOLUTIONS
PARTNERS
COMPANY
Get In Touch
Benefits
(current)
Features
(current)
Certifications
(current)
Customers
(current)
Get Demo
(current)
Resources
(current)
FAQ
(current)
Solutions
(current)
BlackBerry AtHoc
The BlackBerry® AtHoc® critical event management solution combines a secure emergency notification system with incident response tools and capabilities — so you can quickly deploy your response teams and enable them to better prepare for, respond to, and recover from critical events faster.
GET A DEMO
DOWNLOAD THE SOLUTION BRIEF 
Respond Smarter, Faster, and Better

Emergencies and business disruptions happen. It’s how you prepare and respond to them that determines their impact.

Speed
Get up and running in less than 24 hours. Quickly disseminate information—including images and video—across public and private channels.
Accuracy
Reduce the likelihood of human error under stress. Centralize communications across channels to create a single source of truth.
Accountability
Maintain accountability and compliance with an auditable record of incident communications. Confirm message delivery down to the millisecond.
Get Real-Time Visibility into Your Personnel’s Safety
AtHoc® Account streamlines the process of confirming the safety of everyone in your institution or organization, removing ambiguity during moments of crisis. Pre-set safety protocols and automated updates from your personnel’s devices gets you crucial real-time information—so you can respond quickly.
Send Secure Mass Notifications
AtHoc® Alert lets you quickly and securely notify personnel, partner organizations and the public of a critical event via multiple channels. Track responses in real time to ensure your message is getting through.
Your Crisis Communication Network
Securely coordinate your emergency response with multiple public and private organizations while overseeing who’s receiving your alerts with AtHoc® Connect.
Access Incident Data Direct from the Field
AtHoc® Collect enables your team members to securely send geo-tagged media from their devices so you can gather, manage, and direct incident data—and respond intelligently.
Leverage Your Existing Systems and Workflows
BlackBerry AtHoc integrates seamlessly and securely with your existing systems—including Microsoft Teams®, Workday® and ServiceNow®—so you can communicate and collaborate within existing workflows to reduce response times and increase message-read rates.
Prepare, Manage, and Remediate Incidents
AtHoc® Situation Response helps you prepare for impactful events by defining step-by-step incident plans with assignees and review cycles. When an incident occurs, you can execute an existing plan or create a new one, collaborating in real time via the web or the BlackBerry AtHoc app.
Discover How BlackBerry AtHoc Streamlines Crisis Response
Watch this demo video to see these powerful features in action:

Two-way communication across 19 languages

Geo-targeting and live mapping

Mass device integration (sirens, digital signs)

Real-time response tracking

Seamless partner organization alerts

WATCH THE DEMO
Find the Right Solution for You

We help organizations in all industries and at all levels of government.

Our best-in-class business continuity, emergency, and incident response experts work with you to find the critical event management solution and services for your needs.

Need more resources or expertise? Our BlackBerry® AtHoc® Managed Service enables your organization to benefit from 24x7x365 support from critical event management experts. We help you prepare with proven workflows and playbooks, and we can manage alerts, monitor your critical incidents, and send notifications for you.

CONTACT US LEARN MORE 
BlackBerry AtHoc Certifications

BlackBerry AtHoc is integrated with FEMA’s Integrated Public Alert & Warning System (IPAWS) and Canada’s National Public Alerting System (NAAD). It is also FedRAMP- and GovRAMP-authorized.

FEMA’s Integrated Public Alert & Warning System (IPAWS)

Canada’s National Public Alerting System (NAAD)

FedRAMP High-Authorized Product

GovRAMP-Authorized Product

See How BlackBerry AtHoc Customers Keep Their People Safe
READ CUSTOMER STORIES
Why BlackBerry AtHoc?

BlackBerry AtHoc is simple to use, fast, and extremely reliable. It is also one of the most configurable systems on the market and integrates easily with other systems. With BlackBerry AtHoc, users can increase: 

Speed: Activate your full emergency response in less than 10 minutes. 
Certainty: Centralize all communication and operate from one dashboard.
Accountability: Collect high-value evidence during golden hour and ensure compliance.

See the BlackBerry AtHoc Advantage

BlackBerry Is a Trusted Critical Event Management Partner
Federal Government
BlackBerry AtHoc critical event management software protects 75 percent of U.S. federal government employees, allowing a majority of U.S. agencies to meet requirements and communicate with each other and commercial entities.
LEARN MORE
State and Local Government
BlackBerry AtHoc connects state and local agencies with the communities they serve, facilitating urgent operational communications when they’re needed most.
LEARN MORE
Businesses of All Sizes
BlackBerry AtHoc helps organizations prepare for, respond to, and recover from disruptive events, getting clear and timely information to employees and reducing the event’s overall impact on operations and customers.
LEARN MORE
Resources

Blog Post

Critical Event Management in 2024: Helping Local Government Overcome Barriers to Success

READ THE BLOG 

Checklist

Checklist for Critical Event and Emergency Management Planning

Criteria for choosing a CEM platform vendor

GET THE CHECKLIST 

Solution Brief

BlackBerry AtHoc

Protecting the Public: How Local Governments Are Doing More to Keep People Safe

GET THE BROCHURE 

Blog Post

Incident Response Communications: Are Your Normal Channels Secure?

READ THE POST 

Blog Post

Extreme Weather Events and Increasing Resilience

READ THE POST 
MORE RESOURCES
Critical Event Management FAQ
What is critical event management?

Critical event management is the practice of putting business continuity and security safeguards in place to protect people and property in the event of a natural or human disaster or another emergent event. An integrated critical event management system shrinks incident response and recovery time.

LEARN MORE
Who needs critical event management?

Organizations susceptible to cyberattacks, IT outages, extreme weather, and public safety incidents that want practical solutions to prepare for emergencies should invest in critical event management.

LEARN MORE
Why use a critical event management platform?

A critical event management platform enables organizations to better prepare for, respond to, and recover from major operational disruptions, disasters, and emergencies. Automation and AI technology make it possible to automate workflows and alerts, collect data from building sensors and alarms, and provide a complete end-to-end solution to effectively manage all types of events.

LEARN MORE
How can I reduce the costs and impacts of critical events?

Invest in an integrated CEM platform that offers robust communication, coordination and incident preparation capabilities.

LEARN MORE
Is a mass notification system part of critical event management?

An emergency mass notification system is the first level of effective incident response management. It provides a way to alert employees and residents at any time, on any device. Never rely on the manual call tree system for crisis communication again.

LEARN MORE
Can a mass notification system be used for non-emergencies?

Yes. Many government agencies use their emergency mass notification system in daily operations to rapidly alert staff and residents about incidents like road closures, fires, outages, or weather disruptions. A mass notification system can also be used to streamline logistics, such as to coordinate with employees and contractors to fill an open shift.

LEARN MORE
Can a critical event management solution like BlackBerry AtHoc collect information from the field?

Yes. Public safety often relies on real-time situational awareness to streamline recovery efforts. That’s why we make it easy for on-scene personnel to take geo-tagged photos and videos, and function as the eyes and ears of the operations center.

LEARN MORE
Is a critical event management system secure? How secure is BlackBerry AtHoc?

BlackBerry AtHoc is both StateRAMP-authorized and FedRAMP High-authorized, which are U.S. government standards. BlackBerry AtHoc also delivers best-in-class availability at 99.95 percent, so you can ensure secure communications are available when you need them.

LEARN MORE
Can a critical event management automate alerts?

BlackBerry AtHoc integrates with FEMA’s Integrated Public Alert & Warning System (IPAWS) and Canada’s National Public Alerting System (NAAD) as well as other data feeds and enterprise solutions.

LEARN MORE
CONTACT US
SUPPORT
CAREERS
Corporate
Company
QNX
Newsroom
Investors
Events & Webinars
Careers
Leadership
Sustainability
Certifications
Customer Success
Developers
Enterprise Platform & Apps
BlackBerry QNX Developer Network
Blog
BlackBerry Blog
Developers Blogs
Legal
Overview
Accessibility
Patents
Trademarks
Privacy Policy
Canada Modern Slavery Act
UK Modern Slavery Act
Germany - Imprint
Languages:
English
Deutsch
Español (América Latina)
Français

© 2025 BlackBerry Limited. All rights reserved.

BlackBerry uses cookies to help make our website better. Some of the cookies are necessary for proper functioning of the site, while others are to help us understand how you use it.Learn More
Cookie Settings Accept