AI that knows your business

Connect people, knowledge, and work to move faster together

Learn more
Skip to content
Products
Solutions
Why Atlassian?
Resources
Enterprise
Sign in
The AI-powered Jira:
from 
teams
 to dreams
Get started
Software
Product management
Marketing
Project management
Design
IT
Teamwork solutions for high-performing teams
Dream it, plan it, launch it

AI-powered project management to plan, track, and deliver your biggest ideas together.

Get it free
Explore Jira

Lumen used Jira to reduce cycle time and increase throughput by 200%. Read their story.

Scale your knowledge

Instantly create and connect ideas, docs, and teammates on an AI-powered workspace.

Get it free
Explore Confluence

Dropbox uses Confluence Cloud to create a more open, collaborative way of working. Read their story.

Deliver service faster

Connect Dev and Ops teams on a single platform with customizable features and AI-powered agents.

Get it free
Explore Jira Service Management

Teams at Domino’s Pizza Enterprises Ltd use AI to boost individual and team productivity. See their story.

Record, share, collaborate

Easily record and share AI-powered video messages to reach a broader audience for better async collaboration.

Get it free
Explore Loom

"Loom has been the light of my life since you showed me it. I never tire of hearing this from folks."
- Alexis Ohanian. Founder, Seven Seven Six

Ideate faster than ever

Capture and prioritize ideas and align everyone with product roadmaps - all in one single Jira platform.

Get it free
Explore Jira Product Discovery

Doodle uses Jira Product Discovery to translate their entire process into a highly transparent workflow, connected to the work they were already doing in Jira. Read their story.

Transform teamwork with human-AI collaboration
Explore Rovo
Teams across the globe run on Atlassian

300000+

companies power team collaboration with Atlassian

200+

countries and territories have companies that use Atlassian

80%

of Fortune 500 companies use Atlassian products

Empower everyone, on every team
Software
Product management
Marketing
Project management
Design
IT
Supercharge dev productivity

Plan, track, and release world-class software with the number one software development tool for agile teams

Learn more about Software
GET STARTED WITH A TEMPLATE
Scrum

Easily plan, track, and manage work across sprints

Try it out
Bug Tracking

Seamlessly report, track, and prioritize bugs to address development issues

Try it out
DevOps

Develop, deploy, and manage applications with an open tools approach

Try it out
For teams of all sizes

Everyone from start-ups to large enterprises prefer Atlassian

Explore all customers stories

LARGE ENTERPRISE

“With Atlassian cloud, everything regarding server maintenance is done for us, and there’s less downtime and better performance.”

MEHMET SARI
Modern Collaboration Platform Team, Mercedes Benz

Read Mercedes-Benz’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“For the two teams we've already migrated from Wrike to Jira, each of those will amount to $150,000/year in savings.”

JOE COTANT
Senior Technical Program Manager, Roblox

Read Roblox’s case study

LARGE ENTERPRISE

“By leveraging Jira and Confluence for automated reporting, we’re saving over 800 hours and $500k per year in management consulting costs.”

WAIS MOJADDIDI
Director of Agile Delivery, Global E-commerce, Royal Caribbean

Read Royal Caribbean’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“We’ve been able to increase throughput by 200%, which means we’re delivering capabilities faster and increasing customer satisfaction.”

MAI LIAN SCARLETT
Former Senior Director, Agile Transformation Office, Lumen

Read Lumen’s case study

SMALL MEDIUM BUSINESS

“Jira Product Discovery translated our entire process into a highly transparent workflow. That was a mind-blowing moment.”

STEPHANIE LEUE
Former Chief Product Officer, Doodle

Read Doodle’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“The big win that we've seen through Confluence Cloud is definitely collaboration. It's a very open way of working.”

DAMIEN DAVIS
Lead Atlassian Administrator, Dropbox

Read Dropbox’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“By tracking in Jira and our developer tools, we reduced the cost to get the team set up and deliver from $2.8 million to $600,000.”

RYAN MOSLEY
Chief of Factory & Engineering Modernization, DHCS

Read DHCS’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“Full visibility and tracking is at the fingertips of all agents and customers alike. That’s the most basic and wonderful gain.”

ALISON WOOD
Director, Global Copyright Administration, Sony Music Publishing

Read Sony Music Publishing’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“Security and compliance are really critical in the financial industry… Atlassian cloud met all of the needs that we have.”

ERICA LARSON
Process Engineer, Clearwater Analytics

Read Clearwater Analytics’s case study

SMALL MEDIUM BUSINESS

“We’re a global workforce, and Atlassian helps us stay in sync while doing async work. It’s been a big win for us.”

BRIT HEIRING
Director of Communications, Kiva

Read Kiva’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“For me, migrating to the cloud has allowed us to leave all the on-premise pains. It’s been a big relief.”

RAZVAN NECHIFOR
Jira Global Team Leader, Edenred

Read Edenred’s case study

SMALL MEDIUM BUSINESS

“We trust Atlassian to take care of security, availability, and scalability, freeing up time for us to focus on more strategic topics.”

RADOSLAV DANCHEV
VP of Collaboration, Workplace, and Support, Software AG

Read Software AG’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“We’ve been getting a 4.9/5 satisfaction score, which has been fantastic. With the previous solution, we had nothing but complaints.”

ROB CROMPTON
Head of Service Management, The Very Group

Read The Very Group’s case study

ENTERPRISE

“We really have end-to-end visibility and control over our workflow…so we can see how to improve the business.”

JOHANNES SIEBZEHNRÜBL
Chief Operating Officer of MultiCloud and Infrastructure, Arvato Systems

Read Arvato’s case study
Help us shape the future of teamwork

At Atlassian, we believe the impossible is possible - together. Join us today to help us inspire teamwork anywhere and everywhere, worldwide.

Share your story
Unleash the power of 
teamwork

Join millions teaming up on their best work

Get started for free
Company
Careers
Events
Blogs
Investor Relations
Atlassian Foundation
Press kit
Contact us
PRODUCTS
Rovo
Jira
Jira Align
Jira Service Management
Confluence
Loom
Trello
Bitbucket
See all products
RESOURCES
Technical support
Purchasing & licensing
Atlassian Community
Knowledge base
Marketplace
My account
Create support ticket
LEARN
Partners
Training & certification
Documentation
Developer resources
Enterprise services
See all resources
Copyright © 2025 Atlassian
Privacy policy
Your Privacy Choices
Terms
Impressum
Language selector
English
▾
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience, perform analytics and research, and conduct advertising. To change your preferences, click Manage preferences. Otherwise, clicking Accept all cookies indicates you agree to our use of cookies on your device. Clicking Reject all cookies means you do not agree to our use of non-strictly necessary cookies on your device.Atlassian Cookies and Tracking Notice
Manage preferences Reject all cookies Accept all cookies