Atlanta Magazine | Lifestyle coverage, service journalism, & literary essays News/Culture Arts & Events Women Making A Mark Great Reads Block by Block: Stories from the streets that connect us Food & Drink 50 of the Best Cheap Eats in Atlanta 75 Best Restaurants in Atlanta 123 Things to Eat on Buford Highway 50 Best Bars 50 Best Tacos Restaurant Reviews Lifestyle Travel 50 Best Things to Do in Georgia Hidden Georgia North Georgia Mountains Health & Wellness 2024-2025 School Guide Style Buckhead Guidebook Top Doctors Top Dentists Sponsored: Physician & Dentist Profiles 2025 Give Atlanta Best of Eat Drink Do Buy Readers’ Choice Georgia Design Georgia Design Digital Editions Artists & Galleries Design Advice Design News Gardens Real Estate Neighborhoods Kitchens for a Cause Georgia Design Awards 2025 Southbound Southbound Digital Editions Southbound Newsletter GaBiz GABiz Magazine GaBiz Magazine Digital Editions Events Atlanta magazine Signature Events Atlanta Events Calendar Past Events Georgia Design Awards 2025 Atlanta Magazine’s Whiskey Festival 2025 Top Doctors 2025 Women Making A Mark 2025 GrillFest 2025 Georgia Design Awards 2024 Indulge 2024 Whiskey Festival 2024 Top Doctors Reception 2024 – Green Screen Atlanta Magazine Whiskey Festival 2022 2020 Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Designer Showhouse Event Photos Magazine About Us Subscribe Purchase Single Issues Newsletters Digital Editions Contact Us Pitch Us Advertise Custom Media Employment Careers Internships Archives Where to Find Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Create an account Privacy and Cookies Policy Sign up Welcome! Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Privacy and Cookies Policy Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Subscribe Newsletters 2027 Atlanta 500 Nominations Issue Archive Advertise Contact Us Give Atlanta Shop Submit Your Entry for Georgia Design Awards 2025 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Create an account Privacy and Cookies Policy Create an account Welcome! Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Privacy and Cookies Policy Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Atlanta Magazine News/Culture Arts & Events Women Making A Mark Great Reads Block by Block: Stories from the streets that connect us Food & Drink 50 of the Best Cheap Eats in Atlanta 75 Best Restaurants in Atlanta 123 Things to Eat on Buford Highway 50 Best Bars 50 Best Tacos Restaurant Reviews Lifestyle Travel 50 Best Things to Do in Georgia Hidden Georgia North Georgia Mountains Health & Wellness 2024-2025 School Guide Style Buckhead Guidebook Top Doctors Top Dentists Sponsored: Physician & Dentist Profiles 2025 Give Atlanta Best of Eat Drink Do Buy Readers’ Choice Georgia Design Georgia Design Digital Editions Artists & Galleries Design Advice Design News Gardens Real Estate Neighborhoods Kitchens for a Cause Georgia Design Awards 2025 Southbound Southbound Digital Editions Southbound Newsletter GaBiz GABiz Magazine GaBiz Magazine Digital Editions Events Atlanta magazine Signature Events Atlanta Events Calendar Past Events Georgia Design Awards 2025 Atlanta Magazine’s Whiskey Festival 2025 Top Doctors 2025 Women Making A Mark 2025 GrillFest 2025 Georgia Design Awards 2024 Indulge 2024 Whiskey Festival 2024 Top Doctors Reception 2024 – Green Screen Atlanta Magazine Whiskey Festival 2022 2020 Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Designer Showhouse Event Photos Magazine About Us Subscribe Purchase Single Issues Newsletters Digital Editions Contact Us Pitch Us Advertise Custom Media Employment Careers Internships Archives Where to Find Best of Atlanta Atlanta Magazine - December 17, 2025 Five “Only In Atlanta” moments from 2025 Rachel Garbus - December 17, 2025 Daddy D’z BBQ Joynt to shutter after 35 years Carly Cooper - December 10, 2025 Latest stories The Plate Sale pop-up evolves into Mule Train restaurant, opening in South Downtown in 2026 Uncategorized Carly Cooper - December 30, 2025 Inspired by family history and the legacy of Southern gathering spots, Mike and Shyretha Sheats—founders of the Plate Sale pop-up—will bring a Southern-leaning restaurant called Mule Train to South Downtown in the spring. It will find its home on Broad Street, offering both lunch and dinner, and featuring a full bar. An obituary for the AJC’s print edition, from its legendary obituary writer Kay Powell - December 30, 2025 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution print edition, 157, dies on December 31, 2025, succumbing to burgeoning digital news coverage. No service is planned. The paper’s survivors will include 40,000 Atlanta Journal-Constitution print subscribers. In lieu of flowers, readers are asked to refresh their browsers. Miss Georgia USA Savannah Miles makes her next move Carol Badaracco Padgett - December 29, 2025 The Gwinnett native and SCAD Atlanta student dishes on competing at Miss USA, her SCAD-designed pageant attire, and what’s next for the Peach State queen. 3 healthy(ish) New Year’s Eve recipes for a good and good-for-you party Virginia Willis - December 28, 2025 Welcome the new year with this trio of comfort-food–inspired hors d’oeuvres that are big on flavor and easy to prepare. Za’atar White Bean Dip, Apple Butter Roast Pork Tenderloin Crostini, and Broccoli Cheese Bites—resolutions will be easy to keep when they taste like this. Bon appétit, y’all! Bella Issakova is releasing her first album after 30 years on stage Clare S. Richie - December 26, 2025 After nearly 30 years of performing, hosting house concerts, and teaching the traditional music of Ireland, Atlanta-based musician Bella Issakova is releasing her first album. Come in from the Rain, a collaboration with multi-instrumentalist Randy Clepper, offers a fresh take on Irish dance tunes. It largely features Issakova on the fiddle and Clepper on the Irish bouzouki. Atlanta-based Moms on Call has been helping parents navigate baby care for more than 20 years Lauren Finney Harden - December 26, 2025 The saying goes that there is no manual handed to parents when they leave the hospital on how to take care of their baby. However, any devotee of Atlanta-based Moms on Call would tell you otherwise. Finding a Christmas letter from “Little Mary” Phagan CB Hackworth - December 24, 2025 In the early part of the last century, at Christmastime, the Atlanta Journal customarily encouraged children of its readers to write Santa Claus short letters and entrust the newspaper with their safe delivery to the North Pole. No suspicions were raised, apparently, when the Journal printed many of those letters a few days before the holiday. And so it came to pass that the endearing, sometimes humorous wish lists of almost 300 kids filled two full pages in the edition published on December 23, 1908. In the middle of all that gray type, hidden in plain sight and forgotten for well over a century, was one that’s historically noteworthy. Inside the “House of Blossom” in Marietta Amy Meadows - December 23, 2025 When Esther Ellard, Athens-based interior designer and founder of Effortless Designs, received a referral from a trusted realtor colleague, she realized that she had her work cut out for her. The assignment: to design the interior of a new build in Marietta that would house three generations of one family. Lesley Myrick’s “Lakeside Renewal” on Lake Sinclair Lia Picard - December 22, 2025 With a distinctive A-frame silhouette and sweeping water views, this Lake Sinclair vacation house has always had much to offer. “It has incredible architecture, but the decor was dated,... Atlanta-based Elf on the Shelf celebrates two decades of holiday magic Lauren Finney Harden - December 22, 2025 Twin sisters Chanda Bell and Christa Pitts grew up with a family tradition that is now a booming business. They, along with their mother Carol Aebersold, are the creators of The Elf on the Shelf, a worldwide holiday phenomenon that has sold millions of elves worldwide, with eyepopping annual revenue. This year, the trio celebrates 20 years of bringing holiday magic to families in Atlanta and beyond. Sponsored Find Your Winter Slowdown in Ellijay: Your New Favorite North Georgia Winter Escape Sponsored - December 22, 2025 When the still of winter settles in, there’s no better time to head to the mountains and escape to one of Georgia’s winter getaway hidden gems: Ellijay, Georgia. Georgia Democrats tap an unconventional new pipeline for 2026 campaigns: former federal workers Gray Chapman - December 19, 2025 On a November night inside a Decatur event venue, the crowd included politicians and hopeful candidates—but that evening, the stage belonged to a group of people who’d never planned to be political at all. In between sets of acoustic music about “making good trouble” and “finding our better angels,” supporters listened as former CDC workers—some wearing masquerade-style masks to protect their identities—shared their stories of finding a deep sense of purpose in their work at CDC, only to be abruptly fired en masse in April. After years of working in suicide prevention, tribal health, and other specialties, these workers now found renewed purpose in a field that they’d meticulously avoided in their former roles: politics. Load more Get Our Digital Edition Follow us Instagram Facebook Linkedin Atlanta 500 2026 NEWSLETTERS RECENT STORIES Inside the “House of Blossom” in Marietta Amy Meadows - December 23, 2025 When Esther Ellard, Athens-based interior designer and founder of Effortless Designs, received a referral from a trusted realtor colleague, she realized that she had her work cut out for her. The assignment: to design the interior of a new build in Marietta that would house three generations of one family. Finding a Christmas letter from “Little Mary” Phagan CB Hackworth - December 24, 2025 In the early part of the last century, at Christmastime, the Atlanta Journal customarily encouraged children of its readers to write Santa Claus short letters and entrust the newspaper with their safe delivery to the North Pole. No suspicions were raised, apparently, when the Journal printed many of those letters a few days before the holiday. And so it came to pass that the endearing, sometimes humorous wish lists of almost 300 kids filled two full pages in the edition published on December 23, 1908. In the middle of all that gray type, hidden in plain sight and forgotten for well over a century, was one that’s historically noteworthy. 3 healthy(ish) New Year’s Eve recipes for a good and good-for-you party Virginia Willis - December 28, 2025 Welcome the new year with this trio of comfort-food–inspired hors d’oeuvres that are big on flavor and easy to prepare. Za’atar White Bean Dip, Apple Butter Roast Pork Tenderloin Crostini, and Broccoli Cheese Bites—resolutions will be easy to keep when they taste like this. Bon appétit, y’all! Miss Georgia USA Savannah Miles makes her next move Carol Badaracco Padgett - December 29, 2025 The Gwinnett native and SCAD Atlanta student dishes on competing at Miss USA, her SCAD-designed pageant attire, and what’s next for the Peach State queen. Bella Issakova is releasing her first album after 30 years on stage Clare S. Richie - December 26, 2025 After nearly 30 years of performing, hosting house concerts, and teaching the traditional music of Ireland, Atlanta-based musician Bella Issakova is releasing her first album. Come in from the Rain, a collaboration with multi-instrumentalist Randy Clepper, offers a fresh take on Irish dance tunes. It largely features Issakova on the fiddle and Clepper on the Irish bouzouki. Atlanta-based Moms on Call has been helping parents navigate baby care for more than 20 years Lauren Finney Harden - December 26, 2025 The saying goes that there is no manual handed to parents when they leave the hospital on how to take care of their baby. However, any devotee of Atlanta-based Moms on Call would tell you otherwise. An obituary for the AJC’s print edition, from its legendary obituary writer Kay Powell - December 30, 2025 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution print edition, 157, dies on December 31, 2025, succumbing to burgeoning digital news coverage. No service is planned. The paper’s survivors will include 40,000 Atlanta Journal-Constitution print subscribers. In lieu of flowers, readers are asked to refresh their browsers. News & Culture An obituary for the AJC’s print edition, from its legendary obituary writer Kay Powell - December 30, 2025 Miss Georgia USA Savannah Miles makes her next move Carol Badaracco Padgett - December 29, 2025 Bella Issakova is releasing her first album after 30 years on stage Clare S. Richie - December 26, 2025 After nearly 30 years of performing, hosting house concerts, and teaching the traditional music of Ireland, Atlanta-based musician Bella Issakova is releasing her first album. Come in from the Rain, a collaboration with multi-instrumentalist Randy Clepper, offers a fresh take on Irish dance tunes. It largely features Issakova on the fiddle and Clepper on the Irish bouzouki. Read more Atlanta-based Moms on Call has been helping parents navigate baby care for more than 20 years Lauren Finney Harden - December 26, 2025 The saying goes that there is no manual handed to parents when they leave the hospital on how to take care of their baby. However, any devotee of Atlanta-based Moms on Call would tell you otherwise. Read more Finding a Christmas letter from “Little Mary” Phagan CB Hackworth - December 24, 2025 In the early part of the last century, at Christmastime, the Atlanta Journal customarily encouraged children of its readers to write Santa Claus short letters and entrust the newspaper with their safe delivery to the North Pole. No suspicions were raised, apparently, when the Journal printed many of those letters a few days before the holiday. And so it came to pass that the endearing, sometimes humorous wish lists of almost 300 kids filled two full pages in the edition published on December 23, 1908. In the middle of all that gray type, hidden in plain sight and forgotten for well over a century, was one that’s historically noteworthy. Read more Load more Food & Drink The Plate Sale pop-up evolves into Mule Train restaurant, opening in South Downtown in 2026 Carly Cooper - December 30, 2025 3 healthy(ish) New Year’s Eve recipes for a good and good-for-you party Virginia Willis - December 28, 2025 After 25 years, lauded pastry chef Kathryn King plans to leave Aria Carly Cooper - December 17, 2025 Kathryn King began whipping up rich, visually appealing treats 25 years ago and has never stopped. Now, the time has come to hang up her apron as she embarks on the next phase of her life. “It feels like the end of an era,” she says, pausing to sniffle and wipe her tears. Read more Peruvian tradition meets modern steakhouse at Casa Coya Carly Cooper - December 15, 2025 Casa Coya, a Peruvian-influenced steakhouse, is set to take over the former Salt Factory space at Madison Yards. “Peru is a big foodie country,” says longtime restaurateur Joseph Rosales. "We’re excited to bring upscale Latin American cuisine to Atlanta.” Read more 5 Atlanta food books to add to your holiday gift list Vené Franco - December 11, 2025 Atlanta eaters and readers had plenty to devour this year, thanks to countless authors who appeared at venues across the city—sharing food and restaurant memories, historical research, kitchen wisdom, drinking lore, and recipes. From Alton Brown to Duane Nutter, here are a few standouts. Read more Load more GEORGIA DESIGN Inside the “House of Blossom” in Marietta Amy Meadows - December 23, 2025 Lesley Myrick’s “Lakeside Renewal” on Lake Sinclair Lia Picard - December 22, 2025 Artful interiors define a custom-built home near historic Decatur Square Amy Meadows - November 21, 2025 Ashley Malone, a principal designer for boutique design firm Studio Wellington, was thrilled when her clients wanted to infuse their new custom-built, Craftsman-style home near historic Decatur Square with color. But the husband-and-wife homeowners had one caveat: no warm tones. Read more A picture-perfect Ormewood Park abode provides a cozy, creative haven for an art-loving family Colleen McNally Arnett - November 6, 2025 A photographer and bookshop owner collaborated with Hayes Little Studio to design their modern bohemian residence centered around Southern art. Read more This historic Savannah home isn’t your traditional Southern abode Lauren Finney Harden - October 13, 2025 On Jones Street in Savannah's Historic District, the 1853 Margaret Dibble House stands as a testament to how interiors can honor the past while embracing the present. Designer Linn Gresham of Leah Bailey Interiors has orchestrated multiple transformations over the years for the homeowners. The residence is a clever combination of renovation, historic preservation, and new construction. “It’s a work in progress,” she says. Read more Load more PARTNER MESSAGES Sponsored The Gift of Time Well Spent At South Seas on Captiva Island, Captiva Landing, opening December 22, offers a new holiday getaway with relaxed luxury & Gulf Coast beauty. Read more Sponsored Rising Food Costs and SNAP Cuts Leave Georgia Families Feeling the Strain As food costs rise and assistance dwindles, one Georgia chef calls on us all to help feed our neighbors. Read more Sponsored Q&A: Joint Health NBA Hall of Famer Dominique Wilkins and Wellstar orthopedic surgeon Dr. Joseph Burns talk about staying active, overcoming injuries, and living pain-free. Read more Sponsored Your Food Budget Can Build a Stronger Atlanta. How shifting a small part of your grocery spending to local Black-owned farms can stretch your dollar, nourish your family, and support Atlanta’s future. Read more Sponsored Foo Foo Festival 2025 invites you to Foo Around & Find Out Twelve years in, Pensacola’s Foo Foo Festival has mastered the art of surprise, and 2025 may be its boldest run yet. Read more Sponsored Celebrating 40 Years of Breast Cancer Awareness Genuine Parts Company Drives Impact with the American Cancer Society’s Men Wear Pink of Georgia Campaign Read more RECENT ISSUES FROM OUR SISTER PUBLICATIONS Minnesota Monthly A Cross-Country Ski Sojourn in Lanesboro Minnesota Monthly Best Bets: Dec. 22-28 Minnesota Monthly A Home for Hockey Heroes Minnesota Monthly Review: ‘Jesus Christ Superstar’ Roars Minnesota Monthly Holiday Fashion Gift Guide Minnesota Monthly Best Bets: Dec. 8-14 Minnesota Monthly The Beauty Lover’s Stocking Minnesota Monthly Review: The Phantom Mask Returns Minnesota Monthly Windows, Reopened: The Enduring Holiday Magic of Dayton’s Since 1961, Atlanta magazine, the city’s premier general interest publication, has served as the authority on Atlanta, providing its readers with a mix of long-form nonfiction, lively lifestyle coverage, in-depth service journalism, and literary essays, columns, and profiles. Most recent The Plate Sale pop-up evolves into Mule Train restaurant, opening in South Downtown in 2026 December 30, 2025 An obituary for the AJC’s print edition, from its legendary obituary writer December 30, 2025 Miss Georgia USA Savannah Miles makes her next move December 29, 2025 GREAT READS Two years after The Reserve at LaVista Walk apartment complex burned down, residents still seek answers and atonement November 26, 2025 The world’s busiest airport is where most people interact with Atlanta. In many ways, it resembles the city itself. October 21, 2025 Atlanta arts organizations are running on empty September 17, 2025 Subscribe Newsletters Issue Archive Advertise Business Forum Privacy and Cookies Policy Terms of Use General Contest Rules © 2025. All rights reserved.