AtlasPay - Future of payments in AFRICA Home About Features Project Steps News Login ATLAS Pay × Home About Features Project Steps News ATLAS Pay Future of payments in AFRICA About Us Contact More payment methods than any other integrator in Africa About Us Contact C2B/B2C Transactions C2B/B2C Transactions C2B/B2C Transactions C2B/B2C Transactions C2B/B2C Transactions About The Project AtlasPay is the largest payment integrator in Africa integrating more than 50 different payment methods across 18 countries.  It is developed as a multicurrency and multifunctional online platform with multiple functionalities that can address all needs in an ever-growing market. AtlasPay contains a unique service that allows easy integration to merchants interested in penetrating African markets, offering a state-of-the-art customizable front-end and a multi-functional platform designed for merchants to be always in control of their transactions and keep track of their accounts. Our Features Quick integration Simple JSON API, easy to use, understand and integrate read more Quick integration Simple JSON API, easy to use, understand and integrate read more Customizable payment journey Unique front-end, customizable to address any needs read more Customizable payment journey Unique front-end, customizable to address any needs read more Flexible and scalable Can support a huge amount of traffic and can serve any needs read more Flexible and scalable Can support a huge amount of traffic and can serve any needs read more Reporting module All meaningful data in meaningful reports at a glance read more Reporting module All meaningful data in meaningful reports at a glance read more Transactions archive Unlimited access to old transaction read more Transactions archive Unlimited access to old transaction read more Dashboard back-end Access all powerful features in one tool read more Dashboard back-end Access all powerful features in one tool read more Settlement engine Stress less  feature for accounting department read more Settlement engine Stress less  feature for accounting department read more Advantage of the Project 100% customizable Seamless integration Frictionless payments Large number of payment methods Scalable to any needs Adapted to African market ATLAS PAY steps Scroll Down 01. Registration On The Platform 02. KYC Verification 03. NDA and Contract Signing 04. Technical integration 05. Testing the integration 06. Go Live Latest News October 17, 2019 Online Payments and Decentralize  - Mobile Money We’re off to Decentralized 2019 to explore the new world of online payments as it relates to blockchain and digital currencies across Africa. read more October 16, 2019 KENYA - Latest Stats for Payment Providers on Mobile Phone The latest KCA report has some interesting information for multinational eCommerce companies entering the region in terms of eCommerce, read more October 07, 2019 Payments For Licensed Betting And Gambling Companies Mobile money is easier and payment via Airtel Money, MTN Mobile Money, Tigo cash and Vodafone Cash have higher conversion rates read more October 17, 2019 Online Payments and Decentralize  - Mobile Money We’re off to Decentralized 2019 to explore the new world of online payments as it relates to blockchain and digital currencies across Africa. read more October 16, 2019 KENYA - Latest Stats for Payment Providers on Mobile Phone The latest KCA report has some interesting information for multinational eCommerce companies entering the region in terms of eCommerce, read more October 17, 2019 Online Payments and Decentralize  - Mobile Money We’re off to Decentralized 2019 to explore the new world of online payments as it relates to blockchain and digital currencies across Africa. read more All News Subscribe to us! subscribe © 2018-2019 ATLAS Pay | All rights reserved. Design by ATLAS Terms of Service Privacy Policy