Atlantis Press | Atlantis Press Open Access Publisher Scientific Technical Medical  Proceedings Journals Books Proceedings Journals Books Atlantis Press Atlantis Press – now part of Springer Nature – is an open access publisher of scientific, technical and medical (STM) content founded in Paris in 2006. Our mission is to support the advancement of STM research by contributing to a more efficient and effective dissemination and exchange of knowledge both for the research community and society at large. Atlantis Press is a member of and/or works with the following organizations/platforms: Proceedings Proceedings Proceedings of conferences or workshops published as volumes in a series. All our proceedings are open access and indexed to ensure maximum visibility. View proceedings Journals Journals Peer-reviewed journals in all major STM disciplines. All our journals are open access and indexed while adhering to COPE principles and TOP guidelines. View journals Books Books Academic research monographs, edited volumes and textbooks in all STM disciplines, co-published with Springer Nature and available on the Springer Link platform. View books Atlantis Press Acquired by Springer Nature March 10th, 2021 It was announced earlier today that Atlantis Press has been acquired by Springer Nature, the largest STM open access publisher and largest STM books publisher in the world. This transaction was officially concluded yesterday on Tuesday 9 March 2021. Read full article 2019 Impact Factors and CiteScores for Atlantis Press Journals July 6th, 2020 Every year in June all STM publishing companies, societies and institutions which own STM journals eagerly await the publication of the new impact factors from Clarivate and CiteScores from Scopus. This year these show a mixed performance for the AP journals. Read full article New Partnership Journal in Intensive Care Medicine for Atlantis Press June 26th, 2020 Atlantis Press has signed a contract with the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University (FAHZU) to provide publishing services for their new journal Intensive Care Research (ICRES). ICRES will be the 2nd partnership journal from China in the AP portfolio. Read full article Atlantis Press Atlantis Press – now part of Springer Nature – is a professional publisher of scientific, technical & medical (STM) proceedings, journals and books. We offer world-class services, fast turnaround times and personalised communication. The proceedings and journals on our platform are Open Access and generate millions of downloads every month. For more information, please contact us at: contact@atlantis-press.com Proceedings Journals Books Policies Manage Cookies/Do Not Sell My Info About News Contact Search Copyright © 2006-2026 Atlantis Press – now part of Springer Nature Home Privacy Policy Terms of use