Atomic: Best Crypto Wallet Assets Bitcoin Monero Solana Ethereum Tether XRP Cardano Algorand Theta Dogecoin Near Fantom Litecoin Polygon Tezos NFT Wallet Avalanche BNB Tron Hedera Bitcoin Cash Stellar Sui All Assets Exchange BTC to ETH USDT to BTC BTC to XMR XRP to BTC BNB to BTC BTC to USDT BTC to BNB BTC to TRX BTC to LTC BTC to WBTC DOGE to USDT BTC to BCH BTC to ZEC Buy crypto Bitcoin Ethereum Tether XRP Solana Cardano Monero Dogecoin Shiba Inu Bitcoin Cash BNB USDC Litecoin Tron Hedera Pepe Kaspa Dash Uniswap Stellar Avalanche Polkadot Buy Crypto Stake & Earn Ethereum Solana Cardano Kava Polygon Near Zilliqa Cosmos Tezos Tron All Assets Products Mobile Wallet Desktop Wallet Web3 Wallet Gift Cards DApps Store Private AI Browser Secure Email AML Software Download SUPPORT Contact Support Knowledge Base Blog Academy What is a Crypto Wallet Top 10 Altcoins in 2024 6 Best Monero Wallets 2024 5 Best Solana Wallets To Stake or Not to Stake en Español Русский Dutch Deutsch Français Türkçу Italiano Português en Español Русский Dutch Deutsch Français Türkçу Italiano Português Download Crypto Wallet for Buying, Staking & Swapping Manage your Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin, USDT, and over 1000+ other coins and tokens. Your private keys and backup are encrypted and never leave your device. Secured Only you have access to your funds. Only you control your crypto. Decentralized No accounts, no verification, no KYC. No one can block your crypto. Anonymous Download Trusted by 15,000,000 users worldwide Get on App Store Get on Google Play Manage and swap your XRP! Learn More Trusted Reviews CZ Binance Adoption. Thank you for the support @atomicwallet ! Charlie Shrem Being able to exchange assets without a centralized service is awesome - atomicwallet.io John McAfee Emailed their support and received an answer within ten minutes. Problem was taken care of. Wish eveyone provided such support. Thanks Atomic. FateOfCrypto If you are looking for a Multi-Asset Crypto Wallet, look into @atomicwallet! Much Respect to the team behind it... ernesto espiritu Personal favorite multi currency wallet. Very useful Coin Swapping exchange, exchange any coin to other coin, I normally used it for swapping my high value coins against small value coins... Johan Dulst Super Multi-Wallet. if there are problems , they do fast updates to solve things, Top. great support also. Go on like that, Respect. Stake & Earn # Name APY Market Cap Price 24h % View more Manage your portfolio Manage, Swap, Buy and Stake your favorite assets. Securely hold your NFTs and 1000+ other coins and tokens. Sort your portfolio by amount and value. Instant Swap with Cashback Swap 60+ crypto pairs anonymously and receive a cash back Swap now Buy Crypto Buy Bitcoin, Ethereum, SOL, XRP, ADA, DOT, USDT, BUSD and other coins with your bank card. We accept USD, EUR, and your local currency worldwide Buy Crypto Stake and earn Get rewards on staking ETH, ADA, BNB, SOL, TRX, NEAR, XTZ, HBAR and other coins with 5-20% APR. Stake Now Secured Your private keys are encrypted and never leave your device. You fully control your funds. Anonymous No accounts, no verification, no KYC for basic features in the wallet. No one can block your funds. 24/7 live support Our support is always ready to help you. Get quick and efficient response via live chat or email. Download wallet Download wallet Supported assets Bitcoin Wallet Ethereum Wallet Tether USD Wallet USD Coin Wallet BNB Wallet XRP Wallet Cardano Wallet Dogecoin Wallet Polygon Wallet Solana Wallet Shiba Inu Wallet Litecoin Wallet Polkadot Wallet Tron Wallet Avalanche Wallet Aptos Wallet Near Wallet Monero Wallet Dash Wallet Stellar Wallet Bitcoin Cash Wallet Bitcoin SV Wallet Tezos Wallet Neo Wallet Cosmos Wallet NEM Wallet DigiByte Wallet Decred Wallet Ethereum Classic Wallet Zcash Wallet VeChain Wallet Waves Wallet Nano Wallet Bittorrent Wallet Zilliqa Wallet Ravencoin Wallet ERC20 Wallet Algorand Wallet PancakeSwap Wallet EOS Wallet Flow Wallet Theta Wallet Terra LUNA Wallet Verge Wallet Sui Wallet Hedera Wallet NFT Wallet Fantom Wallet view full list Our Team KONSTANTIN GLADYCH CEO, PhD in data science with 6 years solid experience in blockchain and cryptocurrencies, 10 years in IT. Konstantin is well-known as the co-founder and CEO of Changelly.com, biggest cryptocurrency instant exchange with over 2 millions active customers monthly and $0.5bln in monthly turnover. Konstantins interests are: decentralization, custody-free solutions, p2p exchangers. CHARLIE SHREM Strategic Advisor and Visionary, is an American entrepreneur and bitcoin advocate. In 2011 he co-founded the now-defunct startup company BitInstant, and is a founding member of the Bitcoin Foundation, formerly serving as vice chairman. The Bitcoin Foundation is a nonprofit founded in 2012 with the mission to standardize, protect and promote the use of bitcoin cryptographic money. Download Atomic Wallet Windows MacOS Ubuntu Debian Fedora Check Hashsum Videos Review the wallet's UI, get inspired and educated with Atomic Wallet videos. Subscribe to our YouTube channel and stay up to date! Our Partners Have questions about wallet? Contact us, we are always welcome to help you [email protected] How does Atomic Wallet work? Atomic Wallet is a non-custodial decentralized wallet. It means that you own your backup phrase and private keys, thus, you fully control your funds. We have no access to your wallet and your sensitive information. Your 12-words backup and private keys are stored locally on your device and strongly encrypted. Moreover, your funds are not located in the wallet itself, there are safely stored on the blockchain. Atomic Wallet connects directly to the blockchain nodes and shows the information about your balances, transaction history and everything you see in the wallet. It also allows you to perform transactions on the blockchain. Atomic Wallet also provides you with exchange and buying crypto services with the help of our partners. What is a 12-word backup? Your 12-word backup is the key to your wallet. It has essential meaning for keeping your funds safe. Think about it as a login to your bank account: whoever owns it, can access your funds. 12-word backup is a master key that is provided to you when you first create the wallet. Public and private addresses for each coin are derived with specific algorithms from your backup. If you keep your 12-word backup safe, your wallet is safe. We recommend to store it offline in two different places. Never share it with anybody, even the members of our team! Is Atomic Wallet safe? Atomic Wallet is an interface that gives you access to your funds on the blockchain. The most important information, such as your private keys and backup phrase, is stored locally on your device and is strongly encrypted. The wallet and all the operations within it are protected with a password. Atomic Wallet doesn't store any of your private data, making you the exclusive owner of your keys and funds. Answering the question, your wallet is safe if you follow these basic safety rules: Keep your device safe. If your device is compromised, the wallet can be compromised too. Never share your 12-word backup or private keys with anybody. Your backup is like a key to your wallet, whoever owns it, owns the funds. Take your passwords seriously. Make a unique and strong password for Atomic Wallet and store it in a trusted password manager. Even more cool features are coming Subscribe Subscribe and receive a gift! 60% OFF fees on your first crypto purchase Join 1,000,000 subscribers for a weekly newsletter on the biggest crypto news and Atomic updates. Subscribe [email protected] Thanks for subscribing We also have a YouTube channel with crypto video guides and news Check out our YouTube Follow Atomic Wallet on social media for future giveaways and updates Feel free to join our social media to stay in touch with Atomic Wallet! These links were created just for you Subscribe for Updates Be the first to receive the latest project updates and crypto guides Subscribe Our IOS app is temporarily unavailable on Apple Store. We are currently investigating the issue. Your funds are safe on the blockchain. Your previously downloaded version is active and should work on your device. You can always restore your funds with a backup phrase and access the wallet on another OS. Please make sure you have your backup phrase saved offline in a safe place. You can find 12 words in Settings -> Security -> Private keys & Backup page. Never share them to anyone! Subscribe [email protected] 2025 © Atomic Wallet Atomic Wallet does not provide any virtual asset services or any financial services, nor does provide any advisory, mediation, brokerage or agent services. Virtual asset services are provided to Atomic Wallet’ customers by third party service providers, which activities and services are beyond Atomic’ control. We urge all Atomic Wallet’ customers to familiarize themselves with the terms and conditions of third-party virtual asset service providers before engagement into a business relationship. We also note that Atomic Wallet is not the creator of and does not have any control over any of the virtual currencies that the Atomic Desktop and Mobile Wallet Applications allow Atomic Wallet’ customers to use. Atomic Wallet’ customers balance and actual transaction history are supported by each cryptocurrency blockchain explorer. Atomic Wallet does not collect or store any private keys, backup phrases or passwords. Further, Atomic Wallet does not hold, collect, or transfer any assets from or to its customers wallets in any form. Atomic wallet Support Assets Status Terms of service Privacy policy Cookies policy AML/KYC Policy Legal Dashboard News Press Kit Blog Academy Contact Us Testimonials & Reviews About us Sitemap Careers Buy Crypto Buy Bitcoin Buy Ethereum Buy Tether Buy Bitcoin Cash Buy XRP Buy Monero Buy BNB Buy Litecoin Buy Dogecoin Buy USDC Buy Shiba Inu Buy Tron Buy Solana Buy Kava Buy Cardano Buy Dash Assets Bitcoin Wallet Monero Wallet Solana Wallet Ethereum Wallet Tether USDT Wallet Cardano Wallet Algorand Wallet Theta Wallet Dogecoin Wallet Near Wallet XRP Wallet Fantom Wallet Litecoin Wallet Polygon Wallet Tezos Wallet NFT Wallet Avalanche Wallet BNB Wallet Tron Wallet Hedera Wallet Bitcoin Cash Wallet Stellar Wallet BNB Wallet BEP20 Wallet Aptos Wallet Vechain Wallet Hedera Wallet DASH Wallet Cosmos Wallet Sui Wallet Stacks Wallet Staking crypto Available Assets Ethereum Staking Kava Staking Polygon Staking Near Staking Cosmos Staking Tezos Staking Band Protocol Staking VeChain Staking Zilliqa Staking Cardano Staking ICON Staking Solana Staking Nibiru Staking Exchange Crypto Exchange BTC to ETH Exchange USDT to BTC Exchange BTC to XMR Exchange XRP to BTC Exchange BNB to BTC Exchange BTC to USDT Exchange BTC to BNB Exchange BTC to TRX Exchange BTC to LTC Exchange BTC to WBTC Exchange DOGE to USDT Exchange BTC to BCH Exchange BTC to ZEC Bridge Crypto Bridge ETH to Arbitrum Bridge ETH to Base Bridge ETH to BSC Bridge Ethereum to Optimism Bridge USDT to Arbitrum Bridge USDT to Optimism Bridge USDT to BSC Bridge USDT to Polygon Bridge USDT to TON Bridge USDT to Tron Bridge TRX to USDT Buy Gift Cards Buy Gift Cards with BTC Buy Gift Cards with ETH Buy Gift Cards with USDT Buy Amazon Gift Card Buy Apple Gift Card Buy Visa Gift Card Articles What is a Crypto Wallet Top 10 Altcoins in 2024 What is Solana What is Monero What is Ethereum What is Cardano Best Ethereum Wallet Best USDT Wallet Best Monero Wallet