Homepage - Atos Accept all cookies Decline all cookies Customize Privacy policy Our website uses cookies to enhance your online experience by; measuring audience engagement, analyzing how our webpage is used, improving website functionality, and delivering relevant, personalized marketing content. Your privacy is important to us. Thus, you have full control over your cookie preferences and can manage which ones to enable. You can find more information about cookies in our Cookie Policy , about the types of cookies we use on Atos Cookie Table , and information on how to withdraw your consent in our Privacy Policy . Managing your cookies X Our website uses cookies. You have full control over what you want to activate. You can accept the cookies by clicking on the “Accept all cookies” button or customize your choices by selecting the cookies you want to activate. You can also decline all non-necessary cookies by clicking on the “Decline all cookies” button. Accept all cookies Decline all cookies Toggle Neccesary Necessary cookies These are essential for the user navigation and allow to give access to certain functionalities such as secured zones accesses. Without these cookies, it won’t be possible to provide the service. Matomo privacy policy Toggle Marketing Marketing cookies These cookies are used to deliver advertisements more relevant for you, limit the number of times you see an advertisement; help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign; and understand people’s behavior after they view an advertisement. Adobe Experience Cloud Marketo Toggle Social Media Social media cookies These cookies are used to measure the effectiveness of social media campaigns. LinkedIn Policy Accept selected cookies Accept all cookies Decline all cookies Our website uses cookies to enhance your online experience by; measuring audience engagement, analyzing how our webpage is used, improving website functionality, and delivering relevant, personalized marketing content.
Your privacy is important to us. Thus, you have full control over your cookie preferences and can manage which ones to enable. You can find more information about cookies in our Cookie Policy , about the types of cookies we use on Atos Cookie Table , and information on how to withdraw your consent in our Privacy Policy . Skip to main content Contact us Global Worldwide Global EN | FR Americas Brasil - Portugues Mexico - Español United States - English Africa Africa - English Africa - Français Europe Austria - Deutsch Czech Republic - Český Hungary - Hungarian Belgium - English France - Français Germany - Deutsch Luxembourg - English Nordics - English Poland - Polski Spain - Español Switzerland - English United Kingdom & Ireland - English Middle East Middle East - English Türkiye - English View all locations EN FR Atos homepage Services Cloud and Modern Infrastructure Advisory Modern IT Infrastructure and Digital Resilience Modern Mainframe Multi-Cloud Private Cloud and Edge Sovereign Cloud Consulting and Advisory Cybersecurity Emerging Cyber Hybrid Cloud Security Identity Security OT Security Security Advisory Security testing Threat Detection Investigation and Response Data and AI AI Services Data Services Digital Applications Application Services Digital Assurance Industry 360 Intelligent Automation Internet of Things Low-code Solutions Digital Workplace Accessibility Services Engaged Employee Experience Intelligent Care Center Intelligent Collaboration Platforms Smart Platforms Salesforce SAP Services ServiceNow Sports and Major Events Sustainability View all Services > Eviden Hardware and Software Our sub-brand, Eviden, offers AI-enabled technologies across four key domains: advanced computing, mission-critical systems, cybersecurity products and vision AI. Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Products Enterprise Servers and Solutions High Performance Computing Mission-Critical Systems Quantum Computing Sustainability Industries Energy and Utilities Financial Services and Insurance Healthcare and Life Sciences Manufacturing Public Sector and Defense Retail, Transport and Logistics Telecom, Media and Technology View all Industries > Insights Newsroom Atos Group has signed a binding agreement to sell its Atos operations in South America to the Brazilian company Semantix Atos Positioned as a 'Leader' in all Four Market Segments in NelsonHall's 2025 NEAT Evaluation for Transforming Business Operations with GenAI Atos Group has signed a binding agreement to sell Ideal GRP, one of its Nordic businesses, to MAIT Group Future Makers Research Community Blog Managed SASE in 2025: From a Buzzword to a Business Imperative Self-Learning, Self-Healing, Self-Optimizing Factories: Industry 6.0 and What it Means for the Manufacturing Sector Driving Manufacturing Excellence by Unlocking the Power of MOM and MES Solutions Unlocking value for customers through mentorship and coaching in the cybersecurity community Client Stories Unlocking the power of data with project Triton Scottish Water transforms wastewater network management Data and analytics transport Talgo to the future of train operations Data powers precision policing in Sussex Events Your search did not return any results. About us Corporate Social Responsibility Environment Governance and Digital Trust Key Non-Financial Performance Indicators Social Responsibility Certifications Investors Annual General Meeting Financial calendar Financial Information Financial reports Financial Restructuring Investors Corporate Governance Regulated Information Shares Alliances and Partnerships Analysts and Advisors Leadership Scaler Worldwide Locations Who we are Join us Eviden Search Search You are here Homepage Homepage What Can AI Do for Your Organization? Turn potential into productivity with ServiceNow AI. Get your personalized AI Value Summary to boost productivity and improve your bottom line. Start the survey Unlock the full value of AI for the enterprise How do you actually make AI work at scale? In this essential Harvard Business Review white paper, industry experts uncover the challenges, the realities - and the answers. Learn more December 26, 2025 Atos Group has signed a binding agreement to sell its Atos operations in South America to the Brazilian company Semantix December 19, 2025 Atos Positioned as a 'Leader' in all Four Market Segments in NelsonHall's 2025 NEAT Evaluation for Transforming Business Operations with GenAI December 18, 2025 Atos Group has signed a binding agreement to sell Ideal GRP, one of its Nordic businesses, to MAIT Group View all press releases & news Introducing Atos Ideas and frontiers Making the difference Careers Shaping the future together At Atos, we’re helping design an AI-powered digital future. By bringing together the best people, technologies and partners, we power digital transformation every day. From mission-critical environments to cloud and cyber services, we meet clients where they are and take them where they need to go. Our technologies are seamless, secure, and built with sustainability at their core. With innovation embedded in everything we do, we’re reinventing tomorrow for our clients, our people and society at large. Together, we’re shaping the future of digital. Ideas and frontiers Dec 22, 2025 Managed SASE in 2025: From a Buzzword to a Business Imperative Dec 18, 2025 Self-Learning, Self-Healing, Self-Optimizing Factories: Industry 6.0 and What it Means for the Manufacturing Sector Dec 16, 2025 Driving Manufacturing Excellence by Unlocking the Power of MOM and MES Solutions Dec 12, 2025 Unlocking value for customers through mentorship and coaching in the cybersecurity community Dec 10, 2025 The profit shift: Six trends redefining the Global Capability Center (GCC) Dec 8, 2025 Unleash the potential of your global capability center with this guide Dive deeper Client success UEFA IOC (International Olympic Committee) UEFA EURO 2024™ An unforgettable digital experience We successfully delivered key IT services and applications to support the UEFA EURO 2024™, inviting hundreds of millions of fans worldwide to share the electrifying experience of one of the most iconic football tournaments. Read more > CPI CPI Driving sustainable pharma manufacturing with an intuitive dashboard ‘ Being supported by a digital partner like Atos is really helping us to examine energy use so we can continue to tackle the pharma industry’s Grand Challenges in a more sustainable way.’ Martin Keane, Head of Digital Innovation, CPI Read more > Paris 2024 Paris 2024 Securing the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games As athletes faced off in healthy competition at the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024, our cybersecurity experts were working tirelessly behind the scenes, providing crucial protection at every digital surface for seamless global transmission and delivery Read more > Explore our client stories Work with us Atos Careers Homepage Accessibility Statement Terms of use Integrity Line Privacy © Atos SE 2025 all rights reserved