Skip Navigation
Personal
Business
Find a store
Ver en español
Menu
Deals
Wireless
Internet
Accessories
Prepaid
Support
Account
Start of main content
AT&T Secure Family® App | AT&T Wireless

AT&T Secure Family®

Take your family’s safety to the next level

Know where your family members are in real time 

Filter and block apps and online content 

Available to all families, no matter which mobile provider you use

FREE <span class="heading-sm">for your first 30 days</span>
FREE
for your first 30 days
Use your phone or tablet to scan the QR code and download the Secure Family app. After the first 30 days, you’ll be automatically billed $7.99 each month (includes support for up to 10 family members and up to 30 devices in total). Service auto-renews every 30 days unless canceled. See details
Get 75% off Nick Academy—where fun and education meet!

Enjoy savings with your AT&T Secure Family app subscription.

Redemption req’d. After 12 mos., Nick Academy will auto-renew at then prevailing membership rate. Services billed separately. See offer details
Top safety features
Location tracking

Track family member’s devices in real-time on an interactive map, or track their location history on a breadcrumb trail map.

Availability, timeliness, or accuracy of device location not guaranteed. Coverage not available everywhere.
Control what they access

Filter or block apps and online content based on age-appropriate settings and set time limits for internet access and app usage.

Double check their online activities

View your child’s internet and app usage for the last 30 days, and temporarily halt their internet access when it’s time for homework, bed, or dinner.

Set location alerts

Get alerts when your family member enters or leaves a saved area, or schedule alerts for additional peace of mind.

Availability, timeliness, or accuracy of device location not guaranteed. Coverage not available everywhere.
Emergency alerts

One press of a button sends an alert to the whole family.