Attendance on Demand Product Product Features Time and Labor Management Employee Scheduling Compliance Time Clocks Industries Our Industries Health Care Hospitality and Events Staffing Manufacturing Retail Partnerships Resources About Us Contact Login Attendance on Demand Attendance on Demand is a cloud-based solution that fully automates employee time and labor tracking and scheduling. Solutions What Is Attendance on Demand? Powerful, Reliable Time and Labor Solutions We are committed to helping businesses that depend on their workforce meet their key goals. Our solutions enable companies to win the war for talent with collaboration and communication tools that increase employee engagement. Product Features From core essentials to innovative services, Attendance on Demand’s product offerings are designed to help you meet your business’s workforce challenges. Time and Labor Maximize your workforce while lowering labor costs. Employee Scheduling Make the scheduling process collaborative and efficient. Compliance Supporting compliance with complex, evolving labor laws. View Features × × Time Clocks Power your workforce management solution with devices designed to meet the demands of your work environment. Touchscreens Finger, Hand, and Facial Readers Badge Readers PIN Readers View All Clocks 0 + implementations 0 + employees live 0 Years in automated TLM About Us Attendance on Demand employees are driven to innovate, deliver, and support the highest-quality workforce management technology solutions. Consistently ahead of the market, our automated, human-centered products intelligently solve workforce planning challenges and integrate with the best payroll and HCM platforms. Learn More Partner With Us Integration Services Delight your customers with a seamless experience that shares data in real time and saves them time and money while ensuring accuracy. Referral Partners Provide your sales team with an enterprise-level workforce management solution that expands your payroll, HCM, or ERP offering. Reseller Partners Offer businesses a modern, intuitive, engaging user interface experience that makes work life better for their employees. Explore Partnerships The Latest From Our Blog View Blog A Look at the CMS Nursing Home Staffing Mandate In September 2023, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services issued a proposal for the first-ever federal staffing mandate for U. Long-Term Care Leaders Respond to CMS Staffing Proposal The formal comment period for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ controversial new staffing mandate closed on November 6, and the official responses from long-term care leaders have been strong. Empower Employees With a Labor Management System Employees have feelings too, and a smart manager would do their best to incorporate them into daily practices. Product Time and Labor Management Employee Scheduling Compliance Time Clocks Industries Health Care Hospitality and Events Staffing Manufacturing Retail Quick Links Partnerships Resources About Us Contact Login Newsroom Privacy Terms Copyright Consent © 2025 Attendance on Demand, All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Manage Deny Allow Necessary Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site such as providing secure login, adjusting your consent preferences, and helping to perform functions you initiate such as sharing content of this site on social media and providing feedback. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Non-Necessary Non-necessary cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with this site. They help provide metrics such as visitor numbers, bounce rate, and traffic sources. They cannot identify you personally, but may track an IP address. We do not use cookies for advertising purposes. Save preferences Allow all