American University of Beirut | AUB Main Links About AUB About AUB Founded in 1866, the American University of Beirut is a teaching-centered research university based on the American liberal arts model of higher education. AUB has over 8,000 students and 800 faculty members. The University encourages freedom of thought and expression and seeks to graduate men and women committed to creative and critical thinking, lifelong learning, personal integrity, civic responsibility, and leadership. Overview History Mission and Vision Facts and Figures Title IX AUB Leadership Office of the President New York Office The MainGate Magazine Office of Advancement Campus About Beirut and Lebanon Accreditation AUB 150 Academics Academics AUB is accredited in the US by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education and includes six faculties: Arts and Sciences, Medicine, Engineering and Architecture, Agricultural and Food Sciences, Health Sciences, and Business. AUB offers more than 130 programs leading to bachelor's, master's, MD, and PhD degrees. The main language of instruction is English. Faculties Departments and Centers Majors and Programs Search for a Course Institute for Academic Innovation and Development Graduate Council General Education Program Office of International Programs Office of the Provost Office of the Registrar Libraries Admissions Admissions Learn more about how you can join the American University of Beirut. AUB seeks applicants with a proven record of academic excellence, intellectual vitality, and civic responsibility. In accordance with its founding mission and its equal opportunity policy, the University admits students regardless of race, color, religion, gender, age, disability, or nationality. Admissions Financial Aid Tuition and Fees Calculator Visiting Student Majors and Programs Graduate Council Office of International Programs Office of Student Affairs Office of the Registrar Scholarships LEAD scholarship opportunities Research Research The vibrant and dynamic research environment at AUB enhances the educational experience for all and serves the wider communities—local and global—by advancing knowledge in a wide range of disciplines. Office of Research Research by Faculty/School Interfaculty Research Centers Research Integrity Research Facts and Figures University Research Board Medical Research Volunteer Program Undergraduate Research Volunteer Program Research Funding Research News Libraries Human Research Protection Program / Institutional Review Board Outreach Outreach Recognizing and honoring our responsibility for others has been an integral part of AUB’s mission since the earliest days. Today, AUB is at the forefront of addressing the most pressing concerns of this country, this region, and its people. Community Engagement Neighborhood Initiative Nature Conservation Issam Fares Institute iPark SAWI Transformative Education (TrEd) University for Seniors AREC Continuing Education Center Executive Education Knowledge to Policy Center AI Hub The Munib and Angela Masri Institute of Energy and Natural Resources Asfari Institute Environment and Sustainable Development Center for Public Health Practice Global Health Institute Center for Research on Population and Health Boldly Campaign BOLDLY Campaign To ensure the University can continue to inspire current and future generations of smart and able students who can rise to this challenge, we are embarking on a transformative capital campaign, BOLDLY AUB: The Campaign to Lead, Innovate, and Serve. Campaign Overview Impact Stories Campaign Objectives Ways to Support Campaign Progress Join the Campaign AUB Community A - Z Find People Libraries Alumni Public Telehealth AUBMC Give Jobs AUB Online AUB – Mediterraneo Useful Tools E-learning AUBSIS Webmail Title IX Online Training Search A - Z Find People AUBMC Libraries Jobs Alumni AUB Online AUB – Mediterraneo Telehealth Give American University of Beirut Browse our Majors and Programs Learn More Apply Now! Learn More Check the Academic Calendar Learn More February 16, 2026 Apply Now to HES! Deadline: February 16, 2026 Scholarship Read More February 11, 2026 Register Now! Admissions Read More Explore Our Online Programs Now AUB Online Read More AUB Leaps to 176th Globally in Sustainability and Remains 1st in Arab Region News Read More Learn at Your Own Convenience! AUB Online Read More December 29, 2025 Shaping the History of Arabic: Professor Ramzi Baalbaki and the Completion of the Doha Historical Dictionary News Read More Navigate AUB with the Interactive Campus Map Campus Read More Events at AUB Events Read More Student Resources for Academic and Mental Wellbeing Teaching and Learning with Technology Registrar's Announcements All News Press Clippings Press Releases Contact Us For various questions, please try contacting us via social media first! read more Privacy Statement We take data privacy seriously and adhere to all applicable data privacy laws and regulations. read more Copyright and Disclaimer Written permission is needed to copy or disseminate all or part of the materials on the AUB website. read more Title IX, Non-Discrimination, and Anti-Discriminatory Harassment AUB is committed to providing a safe and respectful environment to all members of its community. read more A-Z Admissions Admissions Applications Admissions English Requirements AUBSIS Career Portal Comptroller E-Learning Emergency AUB-EN AUB-EN Results Faculties Fees Financial Aid Find People Jobs Libraries Majors and Programs Payroll Registrar Scholarships Search Webmail