Run your fundraising events and auctions easily & smoothly Features Auctions Tickets Payments Event Website Donations & Paddle Raise Communications Reports & Analytics Raffles & Sales Sponsorship Mobile Apps See Features Pricing Learn More Discover Webinars and Demo Partners Unique Events Events Directory Resources Fundraising Articles Spotlight Freebies News Auctria Academy See All Menu Pricing Features Webinars and Demo Partners Unique Events Events Directory Fundraising Articles Freebies Spotlight News Auctria Academy All Resources Auctria is an easy to use, powerful tool to run your fundraising events Auctria runs all types of event & auction fundraisers. From the first donation to the last receipt and all the activity & bidding in between, Auctria makes it easy! Try Auctria Free Raise Money Auctria has all the features you need to run the event and auction from start to finish. Silent, Live, Online Mobile Bidding Tickets & Tables Raffles Paddle Raise Sell & Recognize Sponsorships Raise Awareness Each event has its very own website. A gallery of templates to start with. Use a themed template or start with a core template and modify from there. Brand the Website Use Images and Video to Tell Your Story Use Social Media Use QR Code for Quick Access Check visitor view Who Uses Auctria? Since 2011 , organizations using Auctria have hosted successful fundraising events and auctions. They have raised over $1.25 Billion . You can too! Plan Set up your organization details and add a few admins to help Add the donors and items Connect the credit card settings Create your own event website Run Bidders, donor, ticket buyer can then register, bid, buy and donate Bid by mobile device or paper bids sheets Text 2-register Donate Close Record any final bid and paddle raise donations Send out statements with a payment link Close out and collect payments with ease Check dashboard view We've got you covered Launch Already have Auctria license and want some more help? Let Auctria team set up your event. Learn more Level up your event and fundraising skills with Auctria Webinars April - Fundraising Just Got Sweeter Watch How to Elevate Swag, VIP, GALA Boxes, with Kind + Co Events Watch Auctria at Community Boost 2025- Event Fundraisers That Shine Watch View all webinars Want to learn more about auction and event fundraising? Get the Mega Guide to Auction & Event Fundraising. 28 pages of how to strategically choose, plan, run and close the event fundraiser. Download Mega Guide Latest from Auctria The Magic of a Paddle Raise, Your Most Profitable Moment Learn how a well-run Paddle Raise turns shared purpose into one of your event’s most powerful giving moments. 24 Dec 2025 by Auctria Read more Dessert Dash: A Delicious Way to Raise Money That Everyone Will Love A sweet revenue booster! Turn dessert into a friendly competition as tables bid, and donate 24 Dec 2025 by Auctria Read more Achieving ROI for Fundraising Events: 5 Tips and Tricks You need to spend money to make money from your fundraising event. Follow these tips to boost your return on investment and secure more funds for your cause. 3 Dec 2025 by Auctria Read more See All Blog Posts Ready to accelerate your event? Join organizations that have raised over $1.25 Billion with Auctria Try Auctria Now About Us About Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Product Features Demo Pricing Auctria Assist Auctria Launch Credit Cards Texting Event Dashboard Resources Fundraising Articles Freebies Events Directory Webinars Spotlight Unique Events Auctria Academy Partners News hello@auctria.com Mobile Bidding App Copyright @ 2011 - 2025 by Auctria