Skip to main content
Login
(opens in a new tab)
Help Center
(opens in a new tab)
Company
Partnerships
Products
Solutions
Resources
Pricing
Start Free Trial
Schedule Demo
Proven Compliance. Complete Protection.

Minimize risk and maximize compliance with a comprehensive accessibility solution that delivers 300-400% more protection than the competition.

Schedule Demo
Watch Demo

Trusted by 123,000+ leading brands and happy customers

The gold standard for digital accessibility compliance

We've spent decades helping customers get accessibility right — at scale. With best-in-class automation and a deep roster of accessibility experts, we help you save time and money while minimizing legal risk.

Up to 500% more issues detected than other automated accessibility solutions

300-400% more protection from valid legal claims, compared to other solutions

2.6K invalid legal claims debunked by our team of certified accessibility experts

20+ years of experience helping businesses get and stay compliant

FREE ACCESSIBILITY SCANNER

Check your website’s accessibility for free

Our team of accessibility experts will help you understand what the results mean for your website’s compliance.

Enter URL to find accessibility issues on your site

Start Scan

OUR SOLUTIONS

Everything you need to solve accessibility

Every accessibility journey is unique. That’s why we give you all the tools and support to streamline compliance for your organization.

Industry-leading testing & WCAG coverage

Our automated platform can reliably test 32 of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) criteria — almost double the number of tests most automated tools can perform.

Learn About Active Monitoring

Powerful automation for faster results

Our platform delivers the industry's most automated fixes, enabling us to fix up to 50% of issues detected within minutes of installation.

Learn About Automated Fixes

Custom fixes from real experts

Our certified experts can write custom, code-based fixes for your website’s unique accessibility challenges

Learn About Expert Services

Legal protection you can count on

From custom legal responses to the industry’s only real guarantee — we've got you covered.

Learn About Legal Protection

Flexible tools for your developers

Save time and avoid costly fixes by giving your teams the tools to test for accessibility issues before content goes live.

Learn About Developer Tools

Accessibility Cost Calculator

Learn what it could cost to handle accessibility yourself — and how much time and effort AudioEye can save you.

Estimate Your Cost

AUDIOEYE ASSURANCE

Guaranteed compliance, without all the fine print

Other vendors make big promises about their legal guarantees, but most are just empty pledges. At AudioEye, we've defended customers like Babylon Marine
(opens in a new tab)
 all the way to court — and offer the industry's only real guarantee for each page we certify.

Learn About AudioEye Assurance
Solutions tailored for your accessibility goals

Whether you're just starting your accessibility journey, dealing with a legal claim, or looking for tools to help your teams work smarter and faster — we can help.

YOUR GOAL

	

HOW WE CAN HELP



I want to improve my website’s accessibility
	

Detect issues in real time with 24/7 accessibility monitoring.

Automatically fix ~50% of issues detected within minutes of installation.

Get custom fixes for issues that cannot be fixed by automation alone.



I want to protect my business from legal action
	

Enjoy peace of mind with industry-leading legal protection.

Let our experts validate accessibility claims and write custom legal responses.



I want to give my team the tools to solve accessibility
	

Save time and money by testing for accessibility issues earlier in the software development life cycle.

Integrate AudioEye’s Accessibility Testing SDK into your web development tools.

4.7/5 based on 200+ reviews

Read more on G2
(opens in a new tab)

“What I like best about AudioEye is the peace of mind that as soon as it is turned on, my accessibility has already improved.”

— Keven Grasso | Partner Program Manager at Finalsite

Making digital work for all

At AudioEye, we exist to ensure the digital future is accessible. That's why we work directly with members of the disability community to test customer websites, helping us meet the highest levels of compliance and usability.

Learn About Our A11iance Team
Let’s build an accessible digital future, together
Schedule Demo
Have a question? Contact us.
Start Free Trial
Schedule Demo

Product

AudioEye Plans

Digital Accessibility Platform

Developer Tools

AudioEye Assurance

Expert Audits

Accessibility Training

App & Content Accessibility

Trusted Certification

Company

About Us

Careers

Press Center

Our Accessibility Statement

Our Trusted Certification

Investor Relations

AudioEye A11iance Team

Resources

Blog

Case Studies

What Is Digital Accessibility?

Accessible Web Design Guide

Web Accessibility Checklist

Competitor Comparisons

Partners

Partner Programs

Agency Reseller Partners

Platform Partners

Apply to Become a Partner

Compliance

WCAG 2.2 Compliance

WCAG A, AA, and AAA

ADA Compliance

ADA Compliance Checklist

Section 508 Compliance

AODA Compliance

CA State & Unruh Compliance

Help

Help Center

Login

Schedule Demo

Request Legal Support

Technical Documentation

Request Partner Support

Copyright ©2025 AudioEye, Inc. All rights reserved. AUDIOEYE is a U.S. registered trademark of AudioEye, Inc. The products of AudioEye are protected by patents. For additional information, see www.audioeye.com/ip or contact ip@audioeye.com.

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Security Commitment
Trust Center
(opens in a new tab)

System Status:

All Systems Operational