Programmatic Podcast & Audio Advertising Platform | Audiohook Speak With An Expert Scale podcast advertising, only pay for results Audiohook is the leading advertising platform for audio and podcasting. Precise Targeting Premium Inventory Verified Listens Close Loop Attribution Start a Free Campaign No Credit Card Required Performance so strong it needs a warning label* *Our CPA model consistently delivers exceptional results across industries. We collaborate closely with each client to understand their target acquisition costs and optimize campaigns to achieve - and often exceed - these goals, maximizing ROI through data-driven refinements and strategic podcast partnerships. Advertising Manager Kayse Brunell We were looking to expand our advertising channels this past year and when Audiohook reached out to us. We had been interested in audio ads, but other platforms didn't seem like the right fit. We were very impressed with Audiohooks ability to track conversions, as conversions are a good metric for overall campaign success. This was very important because it allowed us to track our main KPI, ROAS through their dashboard. Over the past few months, Audiohook has exceeded our ROAS goal by 3x and we will continue to include them in our advertising mix. From the onboarding process to the scriptwriting, Audiohook allowed us to keep our authentic brand voice while offering helpful information for a brand that is fairly new to the audio advertising space. Founder & CEO Roman Zrazhevskiy Audiohook has been great to work with, unveiling an advertising channel I never considered and proving it to be profitable. As Google Ads and Facebook become more and more crowded, audio advertising is definitely an untapped gem! Marketing Specialist Nic Politi From script writing, to targeting, to reporting, Audiohook’s expertise has made getting started with audio advertising a walk in the park. Just a few days after launching we saw an immediate bump in-store sessions and a very impressive ROAS. The team at Audiohook was also kind enough to provide us with a conversion lift analysis - showing us exactly how much of an impact these ads played in the customer journey while the campaign was running. As a brand that’s never explored audio advertising before, we were super impressed with how audio complemented our media mix and gave our new-to-brand customers that extra lift they needed. Director of Marketing Rod Pettingill We were looking for new ways to reach consumers in places where they are spending their time. Audiohook provided us that opportunity within the podcast space. We were able to work with them to greatly expand our reach and drive additional sales to our website. And they did all of this profitably, driving $5 for every $1 we spent. We are very pleased with the additional reach we got and the amount of sales we were able to drive using Audiohook. Senior Director of Branding & Marketing Sara Florin At Kerrits, we have been amazed at the results of our Audiohook ads! Programmatic audio advertising is something we had never even considered; we assumed it was too expensive, too complicated to produce, and too difficult to measure. Audiobook has the answer for all three of those roadblocks. They’ve made the pricing competitive with other digital advertising, they can take care of recording and production in a single day, and they provide a complete dashboard of metrics with orders tracked back directly to listeners of the ad. Best of all, the ROAS has been consistent with our other paid ads on Google, Facebook and Instagram. We look forward to exploring more possibilities with Audiohook in the coming year. Head of Communications Mary Wall We had a great experience working with Audiohook. In the past we had attempted to advertise on audio platforms, but consistently had issues with tracking conversions and seeing a return on our investment. Audiohook, on the other hand, has a robust platform that tracks everything you need in, as if you were advertising on Google or Facebook. We’ve now seen the data that shows audio advertising is worth it to continue investing in. Audiohook’s team is dedicated and friendly. They are easy to communicate with, and developed a successful campaign for us with a great return. If you’ve ever felt like audio advertising wasn’t worth your time, think again, and go with Audiohook to launch your next audio campaign. Podcasts, streaming, radio all in one platform Access thousands of premium podcasts across diverse categories, reaching engaged and high-intent audiences. Start a Campaign Enterprise-grade brand safety We partner with industry-leading content analysis platforms to ensure your brand appears only in suitable, brand-safe environments. Brand Safety Triple-Layer Protection We leverage three independent data partners - Barometer, Sounder, and Sonnant - for comprehensive content analysis and verification. FEATURES Real-time content monitoring Multi-layer verification process AI-powered content analysis Brand Safety All Content Filtering Advanced filtering ensures your ads only appear alongside appropriate content that aligns with your brand values and personality. FEATURES Adult & explicit content Illegal substances And other sensitive topics Harmful content Brand Safety Provide Custom Controls We tailor brand safety settings to your specific requirements and industry regulations. FEATURES Customizable safety thresholds Category-specific blocking Detailed safety reporting WARNING: High levels of ROI Side effects may include: performance spikes, CFO smiles, and unrealistic expectations for other channels. Start a Campaign Privacy safe tools In an era where privacy is paramount, Audiohook prioritizes the safety of user data. Our stringent privacy measures ensure that your advertising efforts align with the highest standards of data. Patent pending technology Experience advertising innovation like never before with Audiohook's patent-pending technology. Our cutting-edge solutions redefine the industry landscape, offering you a unique advantage in delivering impactful and memorable audio experiences to your target audience. Closed loop attribution Navigate the intricate web of advertising impact seamlessly with our Closed Loop Attribution.Understand the journey from impression to conversion,empowering your marketing strategy with insights that drive meaningful engagement and results. Transparency reporting Transparency is at the core of our commitment to you. With Audiohook's transparent reporting, gain clear visibility into the performance of your campaigns. We provide comprehensive analytics, ensuring you'realways informed and in control of your advertising endeavors. Have questions? We have answers. Schedule a Call Today Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Audiohook is trusted by thousands marketers from the world’s biggest brands. All Rights Reserved  Audiohook 2025