Audible Help English Français Sign In Audiobooks Podcasts Audible Originals Plus Catalogue Sleep View All Categories Mysteries & Thrillers Science Fiction & Fantasy History Fiction Comedy Business Best sellers New releases Coming soon Best of the year Blog Gift centre Help centre No results Suggested Searches Make reading richer with audio Embrace 'me time' without compromise. Indulge in captivating audiobooks that nourish your soul. Get Started We've got what everyone's listening to Bestsellers. New releases. That story you've been waiting for. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling The Let Them Theory Written by: Mel Robbins The Housemaid Written by: Freida McFadden Heated Rivalry Written by: Rachel Reid Project Hail Mary Written by: Andy Weir Stop Letting Everything Affect You Written by: Daniel Chidiac Atomic Habits Written by: James Clear Family Upstairs Written by: Lisa Jewell Dungeon Crawler Carl Written by: Matt Dinniman The Book Club for Troublesome Women Written by: Marie Bostwick Brimstone Written by: Callie Hart Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Quicksilver Written by: Callie Hart Alchemised Written by: SenLinYu Invisible Girl Written by: Lisa Jewell Blood of Hercules Written by: Jasmine Mas Nobody's Girl Written by: Virginia Roberts Giuffre Honeymoon for One Written by: Portia MacIntosh The Psychology of Money Written by: Morgan Housel The Long Game Written by: Rachel Reid The Correspondent Written by: Virginia Evans Game Changer Written by: Rachel Reid Carl's Doomsday Scenario Written by: Matt Dinniman The Mountain Is You Written by: Brianna Wiest The Housemaid's Secret Written by: Freida McFadden Local Woman Missing Written by: Mary Kubica The Widow Written by: John Grisham This Inevitable Ruin Written by: Matt Dinniman The Gate of the Feral Gods Written by: Matt Dinniman Harry Potter The Full Cast Audio Editions Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Explore trending categories Dive deeper into our world and discover what listeners are loving. Podcasts Originals Audiobooks Blog Plans & Pricing Plus Catalogue Bestsellers Coming Soon Only from Audible Groundbreaking Originals and exclusives from A-list celebs and emerging talent. Gifts for busy lives and curious minds Terms apply. The listening never has to stop Thousands of included titles. No cap on listening time. Mistletoe Murders Written by: Ken Cuperus Mistletoe Murders 4 Written by: Ken Cuperus A Very Inconvenient Christmas Written by: Becky Monson Miss Bennet: Christmas at Pemberley Written by: Lauren Gunderson , and others A Chance Encounter Written by: J.P. Pomare A Christmas Carol: A Signature Performance by Tim Curry Written by: Charles Dickens The Scrooge Conspiracy Written by: Anna Elliott , and others City of Gods and Monsters Written by: Kayla Edwards 10 Things I Hate About Christmas Written by: A.J. Pine Mistletoe Murders 3 Written by: Ken Cuperus How to Ruin the Holidays Written by: Becky Monson The Art of War Written by: Sun Tzu Mistletoe Murder Written by: Leslie Meier The Blackout Murders Written by: Anna Elliott , and others Mistletoe Murders 2 Written by: Ken Cuperus Game of Nines Written by: James Patterson , and others A Little Bit Wicked Written by: Melissa Foster He Who Fights with Monsters: A LitRPG Adventure Written by: Shirtaloon , and others The Holy Bible: King James Version Written by: King James Bible Chasing Ghislaine Written by: Vicky Ward Not Another Christmas Rom Com Written by: A. J. Pine Cozy for the Holidays Written by: Liz Maverick The Room Next Door Written by: Wendy Walker Diary of a Wimpy Kid Written by: Jeff Kinney Torrent Witches Cozy Mysteries Complete Box Set: Books 1-10 Written by: Tess Lake Sound Therapy: Sleep (432 Hz) Written by: Audible Sleep , and others Sleeper Agent Written by: John Birmingham Sleeper Agent: Nemesis Written by: John Birmingham Irresistibly Wicked: Zander Wicked Written by: Melissa Foster Rewire the Loop Written by: Zach Apple Prime member exclusive New Audible subscribers get 2 free audiobooks with trial. Love Books? You'll Love Audible. Transform your day Replace endless scrolling with endless listening. Chores can be fun. Listen everywhere From daily commutes to epic road trips, go with the  best in audio entertainment. Carry your entire Library Your stories go where you go. Audiobooks don’t weigh a thing. Listen and learn Discover stories that can change your mind, your well-being, and your life. Reach your reading goals Download titles to listen offline, wherever you are in the world. Find your niche WIth thousands of titles to explore, there’s something for everyone. Get Started An app designed for how you listen Find the right speed Use player controls to slow down the narration or pick up the pace. Set a timer Perfect for winding down or multitasking. Timer pauses your story for you. Listen with Car Mode Listen on the go with bigger, simplified controls and a screen that never sleeps. Listen anytime, anywhere Download titles and listen offline, wherever you are. Frequently asked questions How does the free trial work? Audible is a membership service that provides customers with the world's largest selection of audiobooks as well as podcasts, exclusive originals and more. Your Audible membership is free for 30 days. If you enjoy your Audible trial, do nothing and your membership will automatically continue. We'll send you an email reminder before your trial ends. Download the free Audible app to start listening on your iOS or Android device. You can also listen on any Alexa-enabled device, compatible Fire tablets, Kindles, Sonos devices and more. You can cancel anytime before your trial ends and you won’t be charged. There are no commitments and no cancellation fees. What is included with my Audible membership? As an Audible member, your subscription includes: Premium Plus members get credit(s) good for any titles in our premium selection (1 credit = 1 title)* Access to exclusive member sales and discounts on all additional purchases. All members can listen all they want to thousands of included audiobooks, podcasts, originals, and more in the Plus Catalog. *Number of credits varies based on your membership plan. Credits expire after one year. Are there additional benefits for Amazon Prime members? Amazon Prime members are invited to start their first Audible trial with 2 free credits (1 credit = 1 title) that can be used on any bestsellers or new releases. Returning Prime members who have previously received 2 credits with trial will only be eligible for the regular trial. A regular trial includes 1 credit. After trial, all members receive 1 credit per month. Do I have to commit for any period of time? There are no commitments. You can easily cancel your membership at anytime. All titles purchased with a credit are yours to keep forever. © Copyright 1997 - 2025 Audible, Inc Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Canada (English) Audible, Inc. | 1 Washington Park, Newark, NJ 07102 | 1-888-283-1191