Headphones, Turntables, Microphones & Cartridges | Audio-Technica This site is intended for world view, did you mean Skip to Content English  / € EUR Support magnifying-glass Search divider-line burger Menu cross Search Close Menu Headphones Turntables Cartridges Microphones Commercial Audio Accounts Support Richer, Fuller, More Expressive Audio Introducing the New AT33x Series Experience the latest evolution of the AT33 Series. With enhanced materials and technology, AT33x cartridges deliver lifelike warmth and detail across the entire spectrum—especially in the mid and low frequencies. Find Out More Always Listening Behind-the-scenes with headphone engineer, Shiwaku Nonomi For the first time in its 63-year history, Audio-Technica has invited cameras inside its headquarters in Machida, Japan to capture a day in the life of a headphone engineer. Read More Vinyl Icon Sound Burger Season Portable nostalgia  - the Sound Burger is the perfect audio accessory for the summer. With its portable design, Bluetooth connectivity and up to 12 hours battery life, it's here to  make this year's vinyl listening experiences that much more special. Shop Sound Burger - £199 All-in-One Complete Your Sound Burger Menu Want to make sure that your Sound Burger stays in great shape? The newly released Sound Burger case AT-SBC1 keeps the Sound Burger safe and sound from scratches and dust, as well as offering charging on the go. The accessory pocket has enough space for cables and other toppings, for example the AT6028 record cleaning tool. slide-arrow-left slide-arrow-right View Product Online Exclusive AT-SBC1 Sound Burger Storage Case View Product Online Exclusive AT6028 Record cleaning tool with record cover stand Want to make sure that your Sound Burger stays in great shape? The newly released Sound Burger case AT-SBC1 keeps the Sound Burger safe and sound from scratches and dust, as well as offering charging on the go. The accessory pocket has enough space for cables and other toppings, for example the AT6028 record cleaning tool. The R-Series Open-back headphones perfect for mixing and mastering With the R-Series, Audio-Technica now offers three open-back headphones with natural, expansive sound for professionals, content creators and home studios. Explore R-Series Headphones The professional flagship with refined accuracy and detail ATH-R70xa Shop Now – £299 The versatile allrounder offers a natural listening experience ATH-R50x Shop Now - £139 The entry into professional open-back headphones for producing ATH-R30x Shop Now - £85 AT-SP3X Powered Bookshelf Speakers Perfect for use with turntables, computers, smartphones or other devices, the AT-SP3X powered bookshelf speakers deliver rich, full-range audio via a wired or wireless connection. Now available in WHITE Shop Now - £169 AT-LP70XBT Automatic Wireless Turntable AT-LP70XBT - the new bluetooth, fully automatic belt-drive turntable. Equipped with Bluetooth wireless technology for simple connection to powered speakers and headphones, the AT-LP70XBT plays 33⅓ and 45 RPM records automatically at the press of a button. SHOP NOW - £219 Wireless Earbuds New ATH-CKS50TW2 Audio-Technica brings you best-in-class battery life – again. The ATH-CKS50TW2 next-generation earbuds provide all the powerful, full-spectrum sound of the originals with even greater convenience. Shop Now - £125 NEW ATH-SQ1TW2 Wireless Earbuds Smaller and lighter than the ATH-SQ1TW – yet every bit as fun – the next-generation ATH-SQ1TW2 wireless earbuds offer enhanced performance for a more versatile and convenient listening experience. Shop Now - £49 Shop Truly Wireless Headphones Enjoy superb sound and audio detailing with our Audio-Technica Bluetooth® wireless headphones and earphones Shop Now slide-arrow-left slide-arrow-right View Product ATH-CKS30TW+ Wireless Headphones View Product ATH-TWX7 Wireless Earbuds View Product ATH-TWX9 Wireless Earbuds View Product Online Exclusive ATH-SQ1TW2 Wireless Earbuds Enjoy superb sound and audio detailing with our Audio-Technica Bluetooth® wireless headphones and earphones Shop Now Premium Dual Moving Magnet Cartridges Introducing AT-VMx Cartridges The AT-VMx series brings new warmth and realism to Audio-Technica’s premium dual moving magnet (MM) cartridge line, delivering an expansive soundstage that’s alive with musical detail. Learn More Designed for Excellence The new AT-LPA2 makes its stunning debut As Audio-Technica’s finest turntable to date, the AT-LPA2 impresses with its timeless high density, fully transparent acrylic design and a AT-OC9XEN moving coil cartridge. Made for pure analogue delight. Read More ATH-SQ1TW2 Wireless Earbuds Smaller and lighter than the ATH-SQ1TW – yet every bit as fun – the next-generation ATH-SQ1TW2 wireless earbuds offer enhanced performance for a more versatile and convenient listening experience. Shop Now - £49 New - Pure Open-Back Reference Headphones Introducing R-Series R-Series open-back headphones deliver a natural listening experience with spacious, detailed sound for precise, reliable reference. Explore R-Series Headphones NEW - Cartilage Conduction Headphones ATH-CC500BT2 Good Sound All Day, Without Blocking Your Ears Unlike traditional earphones that block the ear canal, these headphones transmit sound through the ear cartilage, allowing you to listen to music or audiobooks while staying aware of your surroundings. Shop Now - £119 NEW - Cartilage Conduction Headphones ATH-CC500BT2 Good Sound All Day, Without Blocking Your Ears Unlike traditional earphones that block the ear canal, these headphones transmit sound through the ear cartilage, allowing you to listen to music or audiobooks while staying aware of your surroundings. Shop Now - £119 AT-SBC1 Every Burger needs its take away box! Every Burger needs its take away box - so does our Audio-Technica SoundBurger. And now the AT-SBC1 Sound Burger Storage Case is finally here! Available in two colours, this hard storage case will not only carry your SoundBurger safely wherever you go, but also allow you to charge and play it, while being safely tucked into its case. SHOP NOW Turntables and Speakers Effortlss Pairing for a Seamless Audio Experience The AT-LP70XBT - a bluetooth, fully automatic belt-drive turntable. Equipped with Bluetooth wireless technology for simple connection to powered speakers and headphones, the AT-LP70XBT plays 33⅓ and 45 RPM records automatically at the press of a button. Pair your turntable with the AT-SP3X bookshelf Speakers (use a wired or wireless connection) delivering rich, full-range audio for an easy-to-manage sound system that fits in any room and requires no external amplifier. Fully Automatic Wireless Belt-Drive Turntable AT-LP70XBT Buy Now - £219 Powered Bookshelf Speakers AT-SP3X Buy Now - £169 ATH-S300BT Wireless noise cancelling headphones With up to 90 hours of continuous use on full charge, you never need to worry about charging on the go. Shop Now - £99 Now Available ATH-S300BT Beige Shop Now - £99 Now Available ATH-S300BT Black Shop Now - £99 Headphone Excellence Since 1974 Audio-Technica's 50-Year Headphone Anniversary 2024 marks the 50-year milestone of this core value in its headphone production. Take a look through 5 decades of audio excellence in our timeline Shop Truly Wireless Headphones Enjoy superb sound and audio detailing with our Audio-Technica Bluetooth® wireless headphones and earphones Shop Now slide-arrow-left slide-arrow-right View Product ATH-CKS30TW+ Wireless Headphones View Product ATH-TWX7 Wireless Earbuds Enjoy superb sound and audio detailing with our Audio-Technica Bluetooth® wireless headphones and earphones Shop Now Designed by fans for fans. Limited Edition ATH-M50x LAB / ATH-M50xBT2 LAB Limited Edition ATH-M50xBT2LAB Shop Now £199 Limited Edition ATH-M50xLAB Shop Now £159 ATH-CKS30TW+ Wireless Headphones Lose Yourself In Music The true wireless earbuds that stimulate the senses with chest-thumping bass and immersive active noise-cancellation. Shop Now - £89 Vinyl Icon Sound Burger Season Portable nostalgia  - the Sound Burger is the perfect audio accessory for the summer. With its portable design, Bluetooth connectivity and up to 12 hours battery life, it's here to  make this year's vinyl listening experiences that much more special. BUY NOW - £199 Full Ambient Noise Cancellation NEW ATH-TWX7 The ATH-TWX7 truly wireless earbuds are designed to provide listeners with a high-fidelity experience and features to customise listening sessions. Shop Now - £190 The Sound of MotoGP™ With a live TV audience of over 400 million every year, capturing the array of sounds for MotoGP™ is essential to ensure fans feel the exhilaration of each race. From the mechanic’s wrench to the roar of a crowd, Audio-Technica have worked closely with Dorna Sports to provide solutions that bring fans closer to the action . Read More Audio-Technica x Manon Veenstra Meet Manon Manon Veenstra is a powerhouse on two wheels - a Dutch BMX rider known for her explosive energy, technical precision, and fearless approach to the track. Hailing from the Netherlands, Manon has carved out a name for herself in the fast-paced world of BMX racing, representing a new generation of athletes who blend competitive grit with creative expression. Beyond the bike, she's passionate about music, mindset, and pushing boundaries, making her recent collaboration with Audio-Technica a natural extension of her lifestyle. Read More About Her Story ATH-M50xSTS StreamSet™ The Professional Streaming Headset Designed for streamers and content creators, the ATH-M50xSTS StreamSet is the world’s first professional streaming headset that combines the legendary studio sound of the ATH-M50x headphones with the clarity of the iconic 20 Series microphones. From £169 - Shop Now A Comprehensive Line of Professional Products Content Creation XLR or USB? Condenser or Dynamic? Find all of the answers and options you're looking for with Audio-Technica's complete range of content creation products. Explore All Content Creation slide-arrow-left slide-arrow-right View Product CREATOR PACK Streaming, Podcasting and Recording Pack View Product AT2020USB-XP Cardioid Condenser USB Microphone XLR or USB? Condenser or Dynamic? Find all of the answers and options you're looking for with Audio-Technica's complete range of content creation products. Explore All Content Creation ATH-M50xBT2 Expanding the Limits of Audio Technology How do we improve on the original ATH-M50xBT and the same critically acclaimed sonic performance as the original ATH-M50x professional studio headphones? We expand the limits of audio technology, pursuing an ever-changing purity of sound. £169.99 - Shop Now Limited Edition M50x Ice Blue £159.99 - Shop Now Limited Edition M50xBT2 Ice Blue £199.99 - SHOP NOW Quiet, Professional Performance AT2040USB Combining the broadcast-quality performance of the AT2040 dynamic podcast microphone with plug-and-play USB functionality makes this the ideal microphone for podcasters, streamers, and other content creators to achieve professional results. Shop Now - £129 Shop Turntables New To Vinyl Shop Turntables Step Up Models Shop Turntables Audiophile Shop Turntables DJ Shop Turntables Converting Vinyl to Digital Shop Turntables All Turntables AT-LPW30BK Venture into Vinyl Featuring a plinth made from simulated teak veneer, the mid-century design of the LPW30BK makes it a perfect aesthetic addition to your home. £289.99 - Shop Now Best Selling Turntables Shop Turntables slide-arrow-left slide-arrow-right View Product AT-LP3XBT Automatic Belt-Drive Turntable (Wireless & Analog) View Product AT-LP120XUSB Direct-Drive Turntable (Analog & USB) View Product AT-LP70XBT Fully Automatic Wireless Belt-Drive Turntable Shop Turntables English  / € EUR Contact us Help & Information Accessibility Terms & Conditions About Audio-Technica Our Story Distributed Brands Commercial Audio Catalogues Social tiktok Tiktok facebook-icon Facebook twitter Twitter instagram Instagram youtube Youtube linkedin-icon Linkedin discord Discord We are secure Copyright © Audio-Technica Ltd. All rights reserved. Copyright & Legal Privacy & Cookie Policy Modern Slavery Site Map Registered in England No. 1385176. VAT No. 233011035. EEE Producer Registration Number - WEE/CD0057TS Current Location English  / € EUR Change your location United States United States English Divider SVG Español Europe United Kingdom English France Français Germany Deutsch Netherlands Nederlands Spain Español Hungary Magyar Albania English Andorra English Armenia English Austria Deutsch Azerbaijan English Belgium Français Divider SVG Deutsch Divider SVG Nederlands Bosnia & Herzegovina English Bulgaria English Cyprus English Croatia English Czechia English Denmark English Estonia English Finland English Georgia English Greece English Iceland English Ireland English Italy English Kazakhstan English Latvia English Liechtenstein English Lithuania English Luxembourg Français Divider SVG Deutsch Malta English Monaco English Montenegro English North Macedonia English Norway English Poland English Portugal English Romania English San Marino English Serbia English Slovakia English Slovenia English Sweden English Switzerland English Turkey English Ukraine English Canada Canada English Divider SVG Français Latin America Argentina Español Bolivia Español Brazil Português Chile Español Colombia Español Costa Rica Español Cuba Español Dominican Republic Español Ecuador Español El Salvador Español Guatemala Español Haiti Español Honduras Español Mexico Español Nicaragua Español Panama Español Paraguay Español Peru Español Uruguay Español Venezuela Español Africa Algeria English Angola English Benin English Botswana English Burkina Faso English Burundi English Cameroon English Cape Verde English Central African Republic English Chad English Comoros English DR Congo English Congo Republic English Djibouti English Egypt English Equatorial Guinea English Eritrea English Eswatini English Ethiopia English Gabon English Gambia English Ghana English Guinea English Guinea-Bissau English Ivory Coast English Kenya English Lesotho English Liberia English Libya English Madagascar English Malawi English Mali English Mauritania English Mauritius English Morocco English Mozambique English Namibia English Nigeria English Rwanda English Sao Tome and Principe English Senegal English Seychelles English Sierra Leone English Somalia English South Africa English Sudan English Tanzania English Togo English Tunisia English Uganda English Zambia English Zimbabwe English Asia Afghanistan English Bahrain English Bangladesh English Bhutan English Brunei English Cambodia English China 中文 Hong Kong 中文 India English Indonesia English Iran English Iraq English Israel English Japan 日本語 Jordan English Kuwait English Kyrgyzstan English Laos English Lebanon English Macao 中文 Malaysia English Maldives English Mongolia English Myanmar English Nepal English Oman English Pakistan English Philippines English Qatar English Saudi Arabia English Singapore English South Korea 한국어 Sri Lanka English Syria English Taiwan 中文 Tajikistan English Thailand English Timor-Leste English Turkmenistan English United Arab Emirates English Uzbekistan English Vietnam English Yemen English Oceania Australia English Fiji English Kiribati English Marshall Islands English Micronesia English Nauru English New Zealand English Palau English Papua New Guinea English Samoa English Solomon Islands English Tonga English Tuvalu English Vanuatu English Moldova English Back To Top arrow-up