Audiobook Free Trial | Audible Australia | Audible.com.au Help Sign In Audiobooks Podcasts Crime & Thrillers Sci-fi & Fantasy Fiction Health & Development Romance History More Categories Most popular New releases Coming soon Best of the year Audiobook series Plans & pricing No results Suggested Searches LIMITED TIME OFFER | $0.99/mo for the first 3 months Standard auto-renews at $8.99/mo after 3 months. Terms apply. Get your imagination going The best audiobooks. The most entertainment. The podcasts you want to hear. Try Standard free Automatically renews at AUD $8.99/mo after 30 days. Cancel anytime. We've got what everyone's listening to Best sellers. New releases. That story you've been waiting for. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling The Let Them Theory By: Mel Robbins The Housemaid By: Freida McFadden Heated Rivalry By: Rachel Reid Brimstone By: Callie Hart Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Atomic Habits By: James Clear Alchemised By: SenLinYu Quicksilver By: Callie Hart Stop Letting Everything Affect You By: Daniel Chidiac Nobody's Girl By: Virginia Roberts Giuffre My Friends By: Fredrik Backman Project Hail Mary By: Andy Weir Dungeon Crawler Carl By: Matt Dinniman How They Get You By: Chris Kohler The Housemaid's Secret By: Freida McFadden The Names By: Florence Knapp Fourth Wing By: Rebecca Yarros Game Changer By: Rachel Reid We Who Will Die By: Stacia Stark Gone Before Goodbye By: Reese Witherspoon , and others Throne of Glass By: Sarah J. Maas Defiance of the Fall 16 By: TheFirstDefier , and others The Ultimate Introduction to NLP: How to build a successful life By: Richard Bandler , and others The Wedding People By: Alison Espach Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Book 3 By: J.K. Rowling The Strength of the Few By: James Islington The Correspondent By: Virginia Evans Kingdom of Ash By: Sarah J. Maas Harry Potter Full-Cast Audio Editions Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Gifts for busy lives and curious minds Terms apply. Only from Audible Groundbreaking Originals and exclusives from A-list celebs and emerging talent. Trending now With thousands of titles to explore, you'll always find what you're looking for. Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling The Housemaid By: Freida McFadden Defiance of the Fall 16 By: TheFirstDefier , and others The Stepson By: D.L. Fisher The Housemaid's Secret By: Freida McFadden Ghost Stories: Stephen Fry's Definitive Collection By: Stephen Fry , and others A Wrinkle in Time Archival Edition By: Madeleine L'Engle The Names By: Florence Knapp The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring By: Richard O'Callaghan , and others Heated Rivalry By: Rachel Reid The Ickabog By: J.K. Rowling A Wrinkle in Time By: Madeleine L'Engle It By: Stephen King Eragon By: Christopher Paolini Stop Letting Everything Affect You By: Daniel Chidiac Doing Life with Your Adult Children By: Jim Burns Ph.D The Thursday Murder Club By: Richard Osman The Hobbit (Dramatised) By: J. R. R. Tolkien The Bad Beginning, A Multi-Voice Recording By: Lemony Snicket We Who Will Die By: Stacia Stark Nobody Wants Your Sh*t By: Messie Condo Forgive & Forget By: Swantje Oppermann , and others Game Changer By: Rachel Reid Atomic Habits By: James Clear Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Book 3 By: J.K. Rowling The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe By: C. S. Lewis The Correspondent By: Virginia Evans The Man Who Died Twice By: Richard Osman Murder at Martingale Manor By: Jodi Taylor Members get even more Select 1 audiobook a month Bestsellers, new releases, hidden gems - the choice is yours each month. Grow your Library Enjoy your selected titles throughout your membership. Listen anytime, anywhere Listen at home, on the go, online or offline, wherever your are. Try Standard free Automatically renews at AUD $8.99/mo after 30 days. Cancel anytime. Want more options? Find a membership that's right for you Frequently asked questions How does the free trial work? Eligible new members can sign up for a free trial anytime. During your free trial, you can enjoy the same benefits as a paying member. When your trial is over, you’ll be automatically charged a monthly subscription fee. You can cancel anytime. What do I get with an Audible membership? As a Standard member, you can select 1 audiobook a month from our entire collection. You can listen to your selected audiobooks for as long as you’re a member, and purchase additional audiobooks for the full price. As a Premium Plus member, you’ll get 1 credit a month to buy any title you like from our entire collection. This title is yours to keep, even if you cancel your membership. You’ll also get access to thousands of included titles in the Plus Catalogue, and you’ll never pay more than the regular price of membership for any additional audiobook purchase. Visit our Plans & pricing page to learn more. How much does Audible cost? As an Audible member, your subscription includes: Audible Standard is $8.99 per month. Audible Premium Plus is $16.95 per month. Both plans offer a 30-day free trial to new members. When your trial is over, you’ll be automatically charged a monthly subscription fee. Visit our Plans & pricing page to learn more. What is the Plus Catalogue? The Plus Catalogue includes thousands of select Audible Originals, audiobooks, and podcasts to stream or download in the Audible app with your monthly Premium Plus membership. You can add audiobooks in the Plus Catalogue to your Library and keep them as long as your membership is active and the title remains in the Plus Catalogue. What happens to audiobooks in my Library if I cancel? Any audiobooks you've purchased with cash or credits are yours to keep even after you cancel your membership. You lose access to titles from the Plus Catalogue and to any audiobook selections you have made as an Audible Standard member. These titles will have a lock icon on them in your Library. You will regain access to locked titles when you are in a membership. © Copyright 2026 Audible Australia Pty Ltd Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Cookies & Internet Advertising