Cookie Settings

We, AUDI AG, Auto-Union-Straße 1, 85057 Ingolstadt, Germany, alone or in cooperation with our affiliates and partners ("We", "Our"), use own and third party services that use cookies and similar technologies ("Services") on our website that help us to improve our website, analyse traffic and usage and to display content tailored to your interests, including personalised advertisements.

To use these services, we need your consent. By clicking on "Accept all", you declare your consent to the use of all cookies and similar technologies. You can also declare your consent by individually clicking on the sliders for each category of cookies and save these preferences by clicking on "Save settings and proceed". In case you do not click any of the sliders, then only the essential cookies (e.g. Ensighten Privacy Manager, our consent management tool) are used. You are not legally obligated to consent to use of cookies, but if you do not provide consent, you may not be able to use certain of our Services. You can manage your cookie preferences based on the categories of cookies listed below. You can withdraw your consent at any time, with effect from the time of the withdrawal. For withdrawal of consent, please refer to the "Cookie Settings" in the footer of the website. Your data may also be processed in third countries outside the EU such as the USA, which do not have an adequate level of data protection and where, in particular, access by local authorities may not be effectively preventable. Further information as well as specific information on how your personal data is used can be found in our Cookie Policy, our Privacy Policy and in the Legal Notice.

Essential cookies

Essential cookies are required to provide you with basic functions while using the website. These functions include e.g. the vehicle configurator, or Ensighten Privacy Manager (our consent management tool). Ensighten Privacy Manager uses cookies to store information on whether or not and if so, for which categories of cookies users have declared their consent to. More information on Ensighten Privacy Manger, as well as your rights as data subject can be found in our Cookie Policy.

Performance cookies

Performance cookies collect information about how our website is used (e.g. number of visits, duration of stay). These cookies are used to optimize the website.

Adjust settings
Accept all
Save settings and proceed
Skip to Content
Home
Menu
Up-to-Date Thanks to over-the-air

Digital lifecycle management keeps vehicles up to date

Read more
 
Current topics from the world of Audi

10/22/2025

Vehicle safety at Audi: When milliseconds count

Find out how Audi is using the latest collision technology – from sensors to crash tests. Learn more.

Read more

Audi crashes vehicles every day at the vehicle safety center. The findings are applied to passenger and pedestrian protection, among other things.

10/20/2025

Data Science and Complex Driving Systems: the Keys to Tomorrow’s Mobility

Jan Totz, data scientist specializing in autonomous driving and parking, in an interview.

Read more
Strive for clarity

The brightest moments in Audi history involved daring leaps of imagination and innovation, cutting-edge technology, and groundbreaking design. The new design philosophy "The Radical Next" builds on this legacy and is based on four principles: clear, technical, intelligent, and emotional. Through the way Audi designs its vehicles, clarity will shape the company.

Read more

The vehicle referred to is a concept car that is not available in series production.

 
Formula 1®

Audi will compete in the premier class of motorsport in 2026

Innovation
Read more
E-Mobility
Read more
Artificial Intelligence
Read more
Sustainability
Read more
Everyone pitches in
Read more
Sustainability Report 2024
Read more
Careers
Read more
Tech Stories
View all
Audi Spirit
Read more
Press releases
Audi Revolut F1 Team reveals official name and Berlin launch date
To the press release
Leadership change at Audi Communications
To the press release
Warning: scam in the used-car trade
To the press release
To the Audi MediaCenter
 
At Audi you’ll find the right vehicle for every requirement

Sporty, luxurious, or compact – at Audi you will find the right vehicle for every requirement. Discover and configure our series models now.

 
back to top
Topics
Company
Innovation
Sustainability
Careers
Audi in sport
AUDI AG
Audi Report 2024
Documents & Policies
Financial Calendar
Management
Locations
Services
myAudi
Press
Contact
Job portal

© 2025 AUDI AG. All rights reserved

Legal notice
Legal
Whistleblower System
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Consent Options
Please select country
English
Deutsch

Notice: All consumption and emission values are based on the characteristics of the German market.