Audible India | Audible.in Help Sign In View all categories Fiction Sci-Fi & Fantasy Self-Development Mysteries & Thrillers Biographies & Memoirs Business Best sellers New releases Hindi audiobooks Podcasts Audible Originals Membership Benefits No results Trending searches Make reading richer with audio Embrace 'me time' without compromise. Indulge in captivating audiobooks that enrich your life. Start your 30-day free trial ₹199 per month after 30-day trial. Cancel anytime. Renews automatically. We've got what everyone's listening to Best sellers. New releases. That story you've been waiting for. Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full-Cast Edition) Written by: J.K. Rowling Atomic Habits Written by: James Clear The Psychology of Money Written by: Morgan Housel Dopamine Detox Written by: Thibaut Meurisse How to Talk to Anyone Written by: Leil Lowndes Ikigai Written by: Héctor García , The Art of Spending Money Written by: Morgan Housel Sapiens Written by: Yuval Noah Harari Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Book 1 Written by: J.K. Rowling The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck Written by: Mark Manson Can't Hurt Me Written by: David Goggins Project Hail Mary Written by: Andy Weir The Diary of a CEO Written by: Steven Bartlett Rich Dad Poor Dad Written by: Robert T. Kiyosaki The Let Them Theory Written by: Mel Robbins The Mountain Is You Written by: Brianna Wiest Mastery Written by: Robert Greene The Hard Thing About Hard Things Written by: Ben Horowitz The Chola Tigers Written by: Amish Tripathi , Only from Audible Groundbreaking Originals and exclusives from A-list celebs and emerging talent. The listening never has to stop Thousands of included titles in the Plus Catalogue. No cap on listening time. How to Train Your Mind Written by: Chris Bailey Complete Chanakya Neeti (Hindi Edition) Written by: R.P. Jain Vikram Beetaal Written by: Ram Dinesh Sharan , Mahabharat ke 25 Aanjaan Patra Written by: Peeyush Singh George Orwell’s 1984 Written by: George Orwell , Sherlock Holmes: The Definitive Collection Written by: Stephen Fry - introductions , Too Good to Be True Written by: Prajakta Koli Do Epic Shit Written by: Ankur Warikoo Shrimad Bhagwad Gita (Hindi Edition) Written by: R. R. Varma The Art of War Written by: Sun Tzu Kama Sutra Written by: Nikita Okhade Kaali Awaazein Written by: Mantradmugdh Productions Shiv Purana Devdutt Pattanaik Ke Saath Written by: Devdutt Pattanaik Silicon Valley Written by: Chetan Bhagat , Tenali Ramakrishnan Written by: Love Singh Thakur , The Naga Warriors (Hindi Edition) Written by: Akshat Gupta Pride and Prejudice Written by: Jane Austen , Bhoot Kaal Written by: Neelesh Misra Reflections Written by: Swami Vivekananda Valmiki Ramayan (Hindi Edition) Written by: Valmiki The Mysterious Affair at Styles Written by: Agatha Christie , The Pandava Riddle Season 1 (Hindi Edition) Written by: Christopher Doyle Shrimad-Bhagavad Geeta (Hindi Edition) Written by: Om Swami One Habit a Day Written by: Ashdin Doctor The ABC Murders Written by: Agatha Christie , Thriller Factory Written by: Anurag Kashyap , The Girl in Room 105 (Hindi Edition) Written by: Chetan Bhagat How to Talk to Anyone (Hindi Edition) Written by: Leil Lowndes Heaven is No Paradise Written by: Devdutt Pattanaik Silicon Valley (Hindi Edition) Written by: Chetan Bhagat , Special Prime offer Amazon Prime members pick 2 free titles with their first Audible trial. Terms apply. Members get even more Pick 1 audiobook a month Choose any title you want from our unmatched collection - including bestsellers and new releases. This is yours to keep. Thousands of included titles Listen all you want to thousands of included audiobooks and Originals with celebs you love and emerging talent. Deals & discounts Get in on exclusive sales and deals, and use your special member discount on any title, anytime. Start your 30-day free trial ₹199 per month after 30-day trial. Cancel anytime. Now accepting UPI payment method. An app designed for how you listen Find the right speed Use player controls to slow down the narration or pick up the pace. Set a timer Perfect for winding down or multitasking. Timer pauses your story for you. Listen with Car Mode Listen on the go with bigger, simplified controls and a screen that never sleeps. Listen anytime, anywhere Download titles and listen offline, wherever you are. Frequently Asked Questions How does the free trial work? Audible is a membership service that provides customers with a huge selection of audiobooks as well as podcasts, exclusive originals and more. If you're new to Audible, you can take free membership trial for 30 days. Your membership will automatically continue for ₹199/month after the first 30 days, and you can cancel anytime. Download the free Audible app to start listening on your iOS or Android device. You can also listen on any Alexa-enabled device. What is included with my Audible Premium Plus membership? As an Audible member, your subscription includes: 1 credit a month to use on any title of your choice—yours to keep. Access to the Plus Catalogue—thousands of Audible Originals, audiobooks and podcasts, including exclusive series. In addition, you can get exclusive access to our member-only sales and deals. Are there additional benefits for for Amazon Prime members? Amazon Prime members can take a free 30-day trial and receive 2 credits that can be used on any 2 titles from of their choice. After the trial period, membership is ₹199/month for 1 credit per month. What happens if I want to cancel? You can cancel your membership at anytime at no cost. Titles added to your Library with a credit are yours to keep, even if you cancel. © Copyright 1997 - 2026 Audible, Inc Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Recurring Payment Terms India (English)