Audible Help English Español US Dollar Mexican Peso Sign in Audiobooks Podcasts Audible Originals Latino and Hispanic voices All categories Plans & Pricing Bestsellers Coming Soon New Releases Best of the Year Plus Catalog Gifts Help centre About Audible Blog Sales & Deals Accessibility No results Suggested Searches Get your imagination going Stories brought to life by captivating voices. Try Premium Plus free $14.95 a month after 30 days. Cancel anytime. We've got what everyone's listening to Bestsellers. New releases. That story you've been waiting for. The Let Them Theory By: Mel Robbins The Housemaid By: Freida McFadden Project Hail Mary By: Andy Weir The Correspondent By: Virginia Evans The Widow By: John Grisham Dungeon Crawler Carl By: Matt Dinniman Theo of Golden By: Allen Levi Brimstone By: Callie Hart Heated Rivalry By: Rachel Reid The Housemaid's Secret By: Freida McFadden Gone Before Goodbye By: Harlan Coben , and others Atomic Habits By: James Clear Alchemised By: SenLinYu Quicksilver By: Callie Hart This Inevitable Ruin By: Matt Dinniman Onyx Storm By: Rebecca Yarros The Perfect Divorce By: Jeneva Rose Local Woman Missing By: Mary Kubica Carl's Doomsday Scenario By: Matt Dinniman Atmosphere: A GMA Book Club Pick By: Taylor Jenkins Reid Harry Potter The Full Cast Audio Editions Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Explore new worlds From epic stories to self-improvement, there are audiobooks for everyone. Children Mystery & Thriller Literature & Fiction Sci-Fi & Fantasy Self Development Romance Comedy & Humour Biographies & Memoirs Health & Wellness Politics Teen LGBTQ+ Only from Audible Groundbreaking Originals and exclusives from A-list celebs and emerging talent. The listening never has to stop Thousands of included titles. No cap on listening time. My Husband Next Door By: K. L. Slater The Stepson By: D.L. Fisher Her Last Christmas By: Claire McGowan The Room Next Door By: Wendy Walker 10 Things I Hate About Christmas By: A.J. Pine Cozy for the Holidays By: Liz Maverick A Chance Encounter By: J.P. Pomare Mistletoe Murders By: Ken Cuperus Forgive & Forget By: Swantje Oppermann , and others Game of Nines By: James Patterson , and others He Who Fights with Monsters: A LitRPG Adventure By: Shirtaloon , and others A Christmas Carol: A Signature Performance by Tim Curry By: Charles Dickens Miss Bennet: Christmas at Pemberley By: Lauren Gunderson , and others The Holy Bible: King James Version By: King James Bible Not Another Christmas Rom Com By: A. J. Pine Before Us By: Jane E. James Mistletoe Murders 4 By: Ken Cuperus When Ivy Met Mr. Holiday By: Jennifer Peel Wuthering Heights By: Emily Brontë , and others The Perfect Nanny By: D.L. Fisher Prime member exclusive New Audible subscribers get 2 free audiobooks with trial Love audiobooks? You'll Love Audible. Transform your day Replace endless scrolling with unlimited listening. Chores can be fun. Reach your reading goals From daily commutes to epic road trips, go with the  best in audio entertainment. Carry your entire Library Your stories go where you go. Audiobooks don't weigh a thing. Listen and learn Discover stories that can change your mind, your well-being, and your life. Listen everywhere Download titles to listen offline, wherever you are in the world. Find your niche WIth thousands of titles to explore, there’s something for everyone. Try Premium Plus free $14.95 a month after 30 days. Cancel anytime. An app designed for how you listen Find the right speed Use player controls to slow down the narration or pick up the pace. Set a timer Perfect for winding down or multitasking. Timer pauses your story for you. Listen with Car Mode Listen on the go with bigger, simplified controls and a screen that never sleeps. Listen anytime, anywhere Download titles and listen offline, wherever you are. Frequently asked questions How does the free trial work? Audible is a membership service that provides customers with the world's largest selection of audiobooks as well as podcasts, exclusive originals and more. Your Audible membership is free for 30 days. If you enjoy your Audible trial, do nothing and your membership will automatically continue. We'll send you an email reminder before your trial ends. Download the free Audible app to start listening on your iOS or Android device. You can also listen on any Alexa-enabled device, compatible Fire tablets, Kindles, Sonos devices and more. You can cancel anytime before your trial ends and you won’t be charged. There are no commitments and no cancellation fees. How much does Audible cost? Plans start at $14.95 per month after free trial. Visit our Plans & Pricing page to learn more. What is included with my Audible membership? As an Audible member, your subscription includes: Premium Plus members get credit(s) good for any titles in our premium selection (1 credit = 1 title)* Access to exclusive member sales and discounts on all additional purchases. All members can listen all they want to thousands of included audiobooks, podcasts, originals, and more in the Plus Catalog. *Number of credits varies based on your membership plan. Credits expire after one year. Are there additional benefits for Amazon Prime members? Amazon Prime members are invited to start their first Audible trial with 2 free credits (1 credit = 1 title) that can be used on any bestsellers or new releases. Returning Prime members who have previously received 2 credits with trial will only be eligible for the standard trial. A standard trial includes 1 credit. After trial, all members receive 1 credit per month. Do I have to commit for any period of time? There are no commitments. You can easily cancel your membership at anytime. All titles purchased with a credit are yours to keep forever. © Copyright 1997 - 2025 Audible Inc. About Audible Careers Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads License Cookies Your ads privacy choices United States (English)