Audi.com – the international Audi website Skip to Content Menu Company Company Overview Strategy Profile Investor Relations Compliance & risk management Press & Media Innovation Innovation Overview Product Innovation Future technologies Design Digitalization Academic Cooperation Sustainability Sustainability Overview Sustainability Concept Sustainability Reports E – Environment & Resources S – People & Society G – Governance Careers Careers Overview Job portal Working at Audi School students Students Graduates Professionals Karriere im Autohaus Audi in sport Audi in sport Overview Audi in motorsport Audi in football Audi in winter sports Up-to-Date Thanks to over-the-air Digital lifecycle management keeps vehicles up to date Read more Current topics from the world of Audi 10/22/2025 Vehicle safety at Audi: When milliseconds count Find out how Audi is using the latest collision technology – from sensors to crash tests. Learn more. Audi crashes vehicles every day at the vehicle safety center. The findings are applied to passenger and pedestrian protection, among other things. 10/20/2025 Data Science and Complex Driving Systems: the Keys to Tomorrow’s Mobility Jan Totz, data scientist specializing in autonomous driving and parking, in an interview. Strive for clarity The brightest moments in Audi history involved daring leaps of imagination and innovation, cutting-edge technology, and groundbreaking design. The new design philosophy "The Radical Next" builds on this legacy and is based on four principles: clear, technical, intelligent, and emotional. Through the way Audi designs its vehicles, clarity will shape the company. The vehicle referred to is a concept car that is not available in series production. Formula 1® Audi will compete in the premier class of motorsport in 2026 Discover more Innovation Read more E-Mobility Read more Artificial Intelligence Read more Sustainability Read more Everyone pitches in Read more Sustainability Report 2024 Read more Careers Read more Tech Stories View all Audi Spirit Read more Press releases Audi Revolut F1 Team reveals official name and Berlin launch date To the press release Leadership change at Audi Communications To the press release Warning: scam in the used-car trade To the press release To the Audi MediaCenter At Audi you’ll find the right vehicle for every requirement Sporty, luxurious, or compact – at Audi you will find the right vehicle for every requirement. Discover and configure our series models now. back to top Topics Company Innovation Sustainability Careers Audi in sport AUDI AG Audi Report 2024 Documents & Policies Financial Calendar Management Locations Services myAudi Press Contact Job portal © 2025 AUDI AG. All rights reserved Legal notice Legal Whistleblower System Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Consent Options Please select country English Deutsch Notice: All consumption and emission values are based on the characteristics of the German market. Loading..