August Home | Smart Locks for Convenient, Keyless Entry Accessibility Statement Skip To Main Content 30-day money-back guarantee | Free Shipping in the US Products Smart Locks Wi-Fi Smart Lock $199.99 Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi Starting at $129.99 Smart Lock $199.99 Bundles Smart Door Bundles Starting at $279.99 SALE Accessories Connect Wi-Fi Bridge $79.99 Yale Keypad Starting at $69.99 NEW Matching Hardware Starting at $19.99 How It Works Works With Support Sale 0 0 Products Smart Locks Wi-Fi Smart Lock $199.99 > Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi Starting at $129.99 > Smart Lock $199.99 > Smart Door Bundles SALE Smart Door Bundles Starting at $279.99 > Accessories Connect Wi-Fi Bridge $79.99 > Yale Keypad Starting at $69.99 > Matching Hardware Starting at $19.99 > How It Works Works With Support Sale Smart Locks Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi Smart Lock Doorbell Camera Wi-Fi Smart Lock + Navis Paddle in Black Accessories Connect Wi-Fi Bridge Yale Keypad Matching Hardware Shop now your cart is empty Your Cart Your cart is empty Keep shopping Buying options Some functionalities will not be available on this option. Learn More Some functionalities will not be available on this option. Learn More Some functionalities will not be available on this option. Learn More Color options Subtotal Quantity 1 2 3 4 5 Add to cart Add to cart Out Of Stock Available payment options Be the first to know when it's back in stock. Notify Me You're on the list Entered wrong format: name@example.com Subtotal Excluding tax and shipping Proceed to checkout Available payment options Complete your smart home Navis Paddle in Black Suede Pair the Navis Paddle with any August Smart Lock f or 100% hands-free, keyless entry. Arrive at your door with auto-unlock and easily push your door open with your hip or elbow when your hands are tied. $34.99 Add to cart Yale Keypad Touch Pair the Yale Keypad Touch with your smart lock for fingerprint access and grant secure, key codes to your guests! Discover a more convenient home with August today. $109.99 Add to cart A Smarter Home for Every Season. A lock so smart, it knows how to unlock the door for you. Buy Now Access Your Home with Just Your Fingerprint Experience innovation with the Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi and Keypad Touch. Works with both August App and Yale Access App. Experience innovation with the Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi and Keypad Touch. Buy Now Learn More Smarter Protection for Your Home Smarter Protection for Your Home August smart locks seamlessly connect with ecobee Smart Security for your home. August smart locks now connect with ecobee Smart Security Buy Now Learn More Introducing Easy Smart Lock Check-In Unique door codes are automatically sent to guests directly in the Airbnb app for smoother check-in. Buy Now Learn More A Smart Upgrade for your Apartment or Home Upgrade your Apartment or Home Renter-friendly installation in minutes that fits over your existing deadbolt without replacing door hardware or keys. Renter-friendly installation in minutes that fits over your existing deadbolt. Buy Now Learn More Meet a few of our favorite smart locks FINGERPRINT ACCESS Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi + Keypad Touch $229.99 Newest smart lock with fingerprint access keypad for 100% key-free convenience. Silver Buy Now Buy Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi + Keypad Touch Now Learn More BEST-SELLER Wi-Fi Smart Lock + Keypad Touch $249.99 Our best-selling smart lock, now paired with our newest Keypad Touch for fingerprint access. Silver Buy Now Buy Yale | August Wi-Fi Smart Lock with Keypad Touch Now Learn More CUSTOM KEY CODES Wi-Fi Smart Lock + Smart Keypad $249.99 All-in-one smart lock bundled with a discreet keypad for personalized key code entry. Silver Buy Now Buy August Wi-Fi Smart Lock + Keypad Now Learn More FINGERPRINT ACCESS Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi + Keypad Touch $229.99 Newest smart lock with fingerprint access keypad for 100% key-free convenience. Silver Buy Now Learn More BEST-SELLER Wi-Fi Smart Lock + Keypad Touch $249.99 Our best-selling smart lock, now paired with our newest Keypad Touch for fingerprint access. Silver Buy Now Learn More CUSTOM KEY CODES Wi-Fi Smart Lock + Smart Keypad $249.99 All-in-one smart lock bundled with a discreet keypad for personalized key code entry. Silver Buy Now Learn More More ways to complete your smart home Add Fingerprint Access & Keycode Entry Modernize Your Hardware Easy, Hands-Free Lever Replace Your Deadbolt & Keys Explore More Bundles Discover a smarter, more convenient home Auto-Lock and Auto-Unlock It's never been easier to get in and out of your home. DoorSense Always know your home is safe and sound. Bank-level security for your home We have the strongest encryption standards so your home and data stay secure. Auto-Lock and Auto-Unlock It's never been easier to get in and out of your home. DoorSense Always know your home is safe and sound. Bank-level security for your home We have the strongest encryption standards so your home and data stay secure. Easy installation August Smart Locks easily install on the inside of your door leaving the outside of your lock untouched so you can keep your keys. Great for homeowners and renters alike. Compatibility Chart ✕ Compatibility chart Our Smart Locks work with most single cylinder deadbolts. Learn more about compatibility here. Close Say hi to keyless entry Control your door with the August app on any iOS or Android smartphone Tap to Open & Close Home or away? Simply lock or unlock your door from the app. Activity Feed Always know who comes and goes. Share Virtual Keys Grant or revoke guest access from anywhere. Customize Smart Alerts Get updates on what's happening at your door. Say hi to keyless entry Control your door with the August app on any iOS or Android smartphone Tap to Open & Close Home or away? Simply lock or unlock your door from the app. Activity Feed Always know who comes and goes. Share Virtual Keys Grant or revoke guest access from anywhere. Customize Smart Alerts Get updates on what's happening at your door. We make your smart home, even smarter Our Smart Locks with Wi-Fi fit seamlessly into your existing smart home  — from your favorite voice assistant to partners like Samsung SmartThings, Philips Hue, and more. View More Integrations A smart lock made for every stage of life Friends & Family Who’s always forgetting the keys? Smart Locks and Keypads are perfect for your kids, parents, dog-walker & more. Vacation Rental Hosts Grant access to your rental property from anywhere. Set access to the exact stay period and integrate with Airbnb. New Homeowners A must-have essential for your front door and entryways. Settle in with peace of mind from the extra security of a smart lock. Security and Safety you can trust. August is the #1 Smart Lock in the US. A Lock for Every Home Wi-Fi Smart Lock with Valdosta Lever August Smart Lock Wi-Fi Smart Lock with Valdosta Lever Smart Keypad Connect Wi-Fi Bridge Wi-Fi Smart Lock with Valdosta Lever Smart Keypad pop-up content starts Compare Smart Locks Wi-Fi Smart Lock Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi Smart Lock + Connect Wi-Fi Bridge Smart Lock Wi-Fi Built In to Lock Wi-Fi Bridge Included Remote Access (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Siri + HomeKit Works with Amazon Alexa (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Google Assistant (Requires Wi-Fi) Learn More Learn More Learn More Learn More Buy $199.99 Buy $129.99 Buy $199.99 Buy $149.99 Wi-Fi Smart Lock Wi-Fi Built In to Lock Wi-Fi Bridge Included Remote Access (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Siri + HomeKit Works with Amazon Alexa (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Google Assistant (Requires Wi-Fi) Buy $199.99 Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi Wi-Fi Built In to Lock Wi-Fi Bridge Included Remote Access (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Siri + HomeKit Works with Amazon Alexa (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Google Assistant (Requires Wi-Fi) Buy $129.99 Smart Lock + Connect Wi-Fi Bridge Wi-Fi Built In to Lock Wi-Fi Bridge Included Remote Access (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Siri + HomeKit Works with Amazon Alexa (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Google Assistant (Requires Wi-Fi) Buy $199.99 Smart Lock Wi-Fi Built In to Lock Wi-Fi Bridge Included Remote Access (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Siri + HomeKit Works with Amazon Alexa (Requires Wi-Fi) Works with Google Assistant (Requires Wi-Fi) Buy $149.99 pop-up content ends Let's stay connected. Email Submit By signing up for the August Home US and Canada email newsletter, you agree with our terms . Products Shop All Smart Locks & More Wi-Fi Smart Lock Smart Lock Yale Approach™ Lock with Wi-Fi Bundles Accessories Smarter Hosting Smart Locks for Renters Smart Cabinet Lock Company About Us Blog Careers Brand Assets Store Locations Accessibility Customers FAQ & Support Returns & Warranty August App Parts Refer a Friend Referral Dashboard *Promotions Shipping Partner August Pro Property Management Privacy Privacy Settings Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Security Center Legal Sitemap Do Not Sell My Personal Information © August Home. Designed in San Francisco, California. *Note: Our smart locks and app are for use in the US and Canada only.