Aura | Intelligent Digital Safety for the Whole Family Skip to main content For You For Parents For Business Were you a victim of the latest breach? Save up to 60% and get protection now! Were you a victim of the latest breach? ‍ Save up to 60% and get protection now! Get Help Pricing Solutions Online Safety Credit Monitoring Identity Theft Protection Identity Theft Insurance Online Data Removal VPN & Online Privacy Antivirus Password Manager & Vault Spam Call Protection Child Online Safety Parental Controls & Safe Gaming Messaging Insights Wellbeing Trend Reports AI Chat App Alerts Find Your Perfect Plan Take our simple quiz to discover the best plan for your needs. Take Quiz Just browsing? Here’s a great place to start. Resources Customer Service FAQ Help Resolution Resources Digital Security 101 Aura Reviews Is Your Data Protected? Use our free tool to see if your information has been leaked—and learn what to do about it. Run Free Scan How Aura Works About About Aura Leadership Areas of Expertise Corporate Responsibility Data Security & Privacy Digital Parenthood Newsroom Innovation Aura Intelligence Clinical Research Careers Life at Aura Join Us Raising a Connected Generation Aura’s Digital Parenthood Initiative is sparking a national conversation on healthy use of technology, giving parents the tools needed to support their kids. Explore the Community Sign In Get Help Overview Work With Us Managed Service Providers Partners and Resellers Affiliates Influencers It’s Time to Get Smarter About Online Safety Smart, simple online safety. Powered by AI. Everything you need in one easy-to-use app. Watch the Video Resources Contact Us For You For Parents For Business Sign In Start Free Trial Smart, Simple Online Safety. Powered by AI. Smart, Simple Online Safety. Powered by AI. All-in-one protection from identity theft, scams, and online threats for the whole family. Works across devices. Plans start at $10 per month. Start Free Trial What is Aura (1:10) As featured on: As featured on: Aura Parents Raise kids and teens who thrive online and off Forget everything you know about parental controls. Aura Parents is built by child psychologists and digital safety experts to help parents and kids navigate digital life together. Explore Aura Parents Our guarantees The Aura Promise $1,000,000 coverage* Every adult member gets $1M insurance to cover eligible losses and fees due to identity theft. Certified Data Security & Privacy Your data is safeguarded using the same security standards as banks and the military. Plus, we never sell your data to third parties. 60-Day Money Back Guarantee² Try Aura risk-free. Love us, or your money back. 24/7 U.S. Based Support Around the clock U.S. fraud specialists are available to help. Odds of falling victim to online crime? 1 in 4. You probably know more than a few people who have been scammed. Last year, Americans lost over $12.5 billion to online crimes with new scams emerging daily. Aura proactively protects you and your family, pushing the odds in your favor. Start Free Trial $12.5 billion was lost in 2023 Since 2020, the amount lost to online crime has nearly tripled. (FBI) $12.5 billion was lost in 2023 Since 2020, the amount lost to digital crime has more than doubled. (FBI) Digital Protection For Everything That Matters Keep your identity, finances, family, and devices safe with Aura's proactive protection. Plus, with Aura Intelligence, you’ll get expert guidance to take your online security to the next level and protect what’s truly important. ‡ Credit Monitoring With Credit Lock Identity Theft Protection Suspicious Transaction Alerts Privacy Assistant Online Wellbeing Parental Controls Cyberbullying Protection Vault Spam Call Protection VPN Antivirus Password Manager Credit Monitoring With Credit Lock When a fraudster tries to open a credit card or apply for a loan in your name, you need to act fast. Aura monitors all three major credit bureaus—Experian, Transunion, Equifax—and alerts you to potential fraud up to 250x faster than the competition 3 . Plus, instantly lock down your Experian credit file with Experian Credit Lock. Identity Theft Protection Aura alerts you to fraud by monitoring your info against billions of data points. Get alerts if your SSN, online accounts, personal info, home and auto titles have been compromised. Suspicious Transaction Alerts Add your banking and retirement accounts to Aura for an extra layer of fraud monitoring.  You’ll receive an alert if we detect any suspicious activities tied to your accounts—like unusual transactions based on your spending patterns and location. Privacy Assistant Keep your data yours and reduce spam. Aura will help remove your personal info from data brokers and people search sites that can sell your info to identity thieves, scammers, and more. Online Wellbeing Spot meaningful changes in your kid’s online routines and understand if their usage is balanced and healthy. Get personalized insights based on their online activity and unique social persona. (Family & Kids plans only.) Parental Controls Let your kids browse online safely. Filter harmful sites and easily manage how much time they spend on apps like YouTube, Roblox, SnapChat and more. (Family & Kids plans only) Safe Gaming with Cyberbullying Alerts Keep your kids safe with 24/7 in-game voice and text monitoring for over 200 of the most popular PC games. Get alerted to cyberbullying, online predators, and toxic gaming behavior. (Family & Kids Plans only) Vault Vault is your digital lockbox, protecting your data and sensitive digital files with military-grade encryption. It allows you to add info to monitor for fraud, store your most important digital files and passwords to keep secure. Spam Call Protection Block phone scams and live spam-free. Keep your text messages and calls safe with smart spam-blocking and call screening with Aura Intelligence. VPN Aura VPN (Virtual Private Network) protects your internet connection with military-grade encryption so you can shop, bank and work online privately and securely. It also blocks known scam and phishing sites for added protection. With 100+ virtual locations, you can access global content safely — whether at home or on the go. Antivirus Secure your devices from malware, including viruses, spyware, trojans, ransomware and more. Available for Android, PC, Mac. Password Manager Store and access your online passwords securely and conveniently across apps. Credit Monitoring With Credit Lock When a fraudster tries to open a credit card or apply for a loan in your name, you need to act fast. Aura monitors all three major credit bureaus—Experian, Transunion, Equifax—and alerts you to potential fraud up to 250x faster than the competition. Plus, instantly lock down your Experian credit file with Experian Credit Lock. Explore Credit Monitoring With Credit Lock Identity Protection Aura alerts you to fraud by monitoring your info against billions of data points. Get alerts if your SSN, online accounts, personal info, home and auto titles have been compromised. Explore Identity Protection Suspicious Transaction Alerts Add your banking and retirement accounts to Aura for an extra layer of fraud monitoring.  You’ll receive an alert if we detect any suspicious activities tied to your accounts—like unusual transactions based on your spending patterns and location. Explore Identity Protection Privacy Assistant Keep your data yours and reduce spam. Aura will help remove your personal info from data brokers and people search sites that can sell your info to identity thieves, scammers, and more. Online Wellbeing Spot meaningful changes in your kid’s online routines and understand if their usage is balanced and healthy. Get personalized insights powered by Aura Intelligence‡ based on their online activity and unique social persona. (Family & Kids plans only) Explore Online Balance Parental Controls Let your kids browse online safely. Filter harmful sites and easily manage how much time they spend on apps like YouTube, Roblox, SnapChat and more. (Family & Kids plans only) Explore Parental Controls Cyberbullying Protection Keep your kids safe with 24/7 in-game voice and text monitoring for over 200 of the most popular PC games. Get alerted to cyberbullying, online predators, and toxic gaming behavior. (Family & Kids plans only) Explore Safe Gaming + Cyberbullying Alerts Vault Vault is your digital lockbox, protecting your data and sensitive digital files with military-grade encryption. It allows you to add info to monitor for fraud, store your most important digital files and passwords to keep secure. Explore Vault Spam Call Protection Block phone scams and live spam-free. Keep your text messages and calls safe with smart spam-blocking and call screening with Aura Intelligence. Explore Spam Call Protection VPN Aura VPN (Virtual Private Network) protects your internet connection with military-grade encryption so you can shop, bank and work online privately and securely. It also blocks known scam and phishing sites for added protection. With 100+ virtual locations, you can access global content safely — whether at home or on the go. Explore VPN Antivirus Secure your devices from malware, including viruses, spyware, trojans, ransomware and more. Available for Android, PC, Mac. Explore Antivirus Password Manager Store and access your online passwords securely and conveniently across apps. Explore Password Manager Ready to Get Started With Aura? Start Free Trial Ready to Get Started With Aura? Start Free Trial Ready to Get Started With Aura? Start Free Trial Ready to Get Started With Aura? Start Free Trial What Does Aura Help Protect Me From? Unwanted Data Exposure Online Data Removal Aura helps remove your personal info from Google search results, people-search sites, and data brokers that sell your data to advertisers, or worse, criminals. Unsafe Websites Safe Browsing Aura blocks malicious or phishing websites before you click, keeping your browsing secure with real-time threat detection. Phishing, Scam Calls and Texts Spam Call Protection Aura uses AI to detect and block phishing attempts, scam texts, and robocalls before they reach you. Identity Theft Identity Theft Protection Aura alerts you to unauthorized use of your personal info, like your SSN and passwords. Includes fraud resolution and up to $5 million in identity theft insurance. Credit and Financial Fraud Credit Monitoring Aura monitors the major credit bureaus for suspicious activity, like new accounts or credit inquiries. Link your bank accounts for an extra layer of fraud monitoring. Account Takeovers Dark Web & Data Breach Alerts Aura scans the dark web and data breach sources for your credentials. If your email or password is exposed, Aura alerts you so you can take action. Malware and Viruses Antivirus Aura includes powerful antivirus software to protect your devices from viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software that can steal or lock your data. Cyberbullying and Online Predators Parental Controls & Safe Gaming Aura’s family and kids plan alerts you to nearby sex offenders and flags predatory or cyberbullying behavior during your kids’ online gaming. Online Safety Across Devices Works seamlessly across Windows, Mac, iOS,  Android, and popular browsers. Stay safe everywhere you connect. Aura Intelligence At Your Side With data breaches on the rise, staying safe online has never been more important—or more complicated. Aura is your simple, all-in-one digital watch guard to help keep you safe from the latest online risks. Aura Intelligence constantly monitors your online world, alerts you to vulnerabilities, and helps guide you to safety. Help Your Kids Explore—With Boundaries Our Family plan comes with Parental Controls and Safe Gaming to help you: Create a safe space for your kids by blocking harmful, inappropriate sites Teach healthy habits with screen time limits and browsing history Get alerted to cyberbullying or predators while your kids game Parental Controls available on iOS - Android Safe Gaming available on Windows PC Proven Fastest, Most Reliable Fraud Alerts With fraud, every second counts. Based on a 2022 study, Aura detected the most credit inquiries and delivered credit alerts in minutes, up to 250x faster than the competition.³ Your Aura Comes With Award-Winning Services Identity Protection Services Provider Category Leader 2024, Javelin Best Identity Theft Protection 2024,  USA Today Gold Recipient for Family Friendly Apps 2024, Mom’s Choice Awards Best Identity Theft Protection 2024, CNBC Select Aura’s Family features are powered by PTPA Award Winners Kidas and Circle “Aura sets itself apart by being a one-stop shop. While many competitors offer monitoring and account tracking, Aura goes a few steps further by providing antivirus, a password manager and VPN services as well.” “Aura stands out as an exceptional solution. Covering essential features like password management, VPN, antivirus, storage, and ID protection, Aura simplifies security with its intuitive interface.” “Professional reviewers praise Aura ID theft prevention services for their effectiveness, and some say Aura is often the first to find potentially troublesome data leaks.” pause X.X stars on Trustpilot A+ on BBB 4.5 stars on Techradar Rated #1 Identity Protection Service on Security.Org 4.7 stars on Apple App Store #1 Rated Identity Theft Protection by USNews 4.5 stars on Google Play 2022 Mom's Choice Awards X.X stars on Trustpilot A+ on BBB 4.5 stars on Techradar Rated #1 Identity Protection Service on Security.Org 4.7 stars on Apple App Store #1 Rated Identity Theft Protection by USNews 4.3 stars on Google Play 2022 Mom's Choice Awards Our Pledge A Safer Internet For Everyone 11B malicious sites blocked 176M adult sites restricted with parental controls 24M credit alerts sent 6.7M dark web alerts sent Simple to use Get Started in 3 Steps 1. Choose your plan Enjoy easy enrollment with zero fuss. Start Free Trial 2. Simple setup Once enrolled, protection is activated and features can be managed online. 3. Get notified Aura keeps you informed with updates and critical alerts. Start Free Trial Help Contact Digital Security 101 About About Aura Aura Reviews Careers For Business 833.552.2123 © Aura 2022 . All rights reserved. Legal Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Sitemap Turn off on Reduced Motion Turning this switch on will reduce motion on the site. *The Identity Theft Insurance is underwritten and administered by American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, an Assurant company. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions. The Personal Cyber Insurance is underwritten and administered by Houston Casualty Company, a Tokio Marine company. Please refer to the actual policy for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions. Review the Summary of Benefits . ** Free trial offer can only be redeemed once per customer. Full access to plan features depends on identity verification and credit eligibility. ¹ The score you receive with Aura is provided for educational purposes to help you understand your credit. It is calculated using the information contained in your Equifax credit file. Lenders use many different credit scoring systems, and the score you receive with Aura is not the same score used by lenders to evaluate your credit. ² 60-day money back guarantee is only available for our annual plans purchased through our websites (excludes Amazon) or via our Customer Support team. You may cancel your membership online and request a refund within 60 days of your initial purchase date of an eligible Aura membership purchase by calling us at 1-833-552-2123 . If you signed up for Aura through a free trial, then your membership purchase date will be the date you signed up for your free trial, and you will have 60 days from the date you signed up for your free trial to cancel and request a refund. If you switched to a new annual plan within 60 days of your initial Aura annual subscription, you may still qualify for the Money Back Guarantee (based upon your initial annual plan purchase date). ³ As compared to the competition. Results based on a 2025 mystery shopper consumer study conducted by ath Power Consulting. ath Power Consulting was compensated by Aura to conduct this study. ⁴ Child members on the family plan will only have access to online account monitoring and social security number monitoring features. All adult members get all the listed benefits. ⁵ Ranked #1 by Forbes, CNBC, and CNET. They may be compensated as a marketing affiliate of Aura, but their ratings are all their own. ⁶ cdc.gov.../getmoving ⁷ commonsensemedia.org.../new-normal ⁸ kaspersky.com.../parents-worried ⁹ Javelin 2022 Identity Fraud Study ‡ Not all features use AI capabilities. No one can prevent all identity theft or monitor all transactions effectively. Further, any testimonials on this website reflect experiences that are personal to those particular users, and may not necessarily be representative of all users of our products and/or services. We do not claim, and you should not assume, that all users will have the same experiences. Your individual results may vary. AURA SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED TO DIAGNOSE, TREAT, CURE, OR PREVENT ANY DISEASE OR MEDICAL CONDITION. THE SERVICES ARE FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND CANNOT REPLACE THE SERVICES OF PHYSICIANS OR MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS. Aura's service does not monitor for all content or your child’s behavior in real time. Alerts and/or insights may not be 100% accurate or timely. Aura does not sell your personal data for monetary consideration. Some of our uses of cookies and/or pixels, however, may be considered a “sale” under applicable state laws.