Aurora - The Network of Virtual Chains Get 50 free transactions per month with Aurora Pass, our new mobile wallet. Read more About Ecosystem Community Developers Support Blog Get Started The Network of Virtual Chains Virtual Chains are fully customizable, EVM-compatible chains that run as smart contracts on NEAR. Virtual Chains offer developers the scalability and speed they need, without the high costs and complexity of setting up a traditional L2 infrastructure. ~ 0.6 sec Avg block time ~ 1.2 sec Transaction finality ~$ 0.02 Transaction cost Launch your Virtual Chain Top crypto projects are already building on Aurora NEAR The Graph Curve Gnosis Safe Synapse Covalent Pyth TPro Network Arium Total value locked n/a Defi Llama Projects on Aurora 0 + Ecosystem AURORA token price $ 0.00 CoinGecko Apr 17, 2025 Aurora X Open Format: Powering the Next Generation of Web3 Communities Dec 17, 2024 Aurora Labs Introduces TurboChain and TurboSwap, Empowering the TURBO Ecosystem Nov 08, 2024 Aurora Flares Ambassador Program: Ignite the Sky with Us Apr 24, 2024 Bridge Abstraction: The Next Frontier in Crypto Accessibility Subscribe to our newsletter The latest news and resources, sent to your inbox. Build with Aurora. Easy to setup. Fast to deploy. Setting up your fully custom Virtual Chain and joining the Network of Virtual Chains can be as easy as setting up your Shopify Store. With a few clicks and a very short deployment time, your chain will run in the blink of an eye. Validators, oracles, onramps - all come ready to be pre-configured on your chain, freeing up your time and resources to focus on what really matters: your dApp! Get Started Join Discord Aurora is in a state of general availability, with full integrations of all infrastructure components required for a flourishing ecosystem. Block Explorer Operational Search for real-time and historical information about the blockchain. Visit Aurora Block Explorer Price Oracle Operational Consult price information about assets within or outside of the network. Browse oracles AMM Exchange Operational Automatic trading of digital assets, by using liquidity pools as a replacement for traditional buyer and seller markets. Browse exchanges Bridge Operational The Rainbow Bridge is the official bridge for transferring tokens between Ethereum, NEAR Visit Rainbow Bridge Data Index Operational Efficiently find and retrieve data that live on the blockchain. Browse indexers Full ecosystem Aurora ecosystem. The momentum is building. Here are some of the projects that have launched on Aurora and are benefitting from the first-mover advantage. RubyScore A decentralized reputation and identity protocol Jumper.Exchange Crypto’s Everything Exchange, enabling users to seamlessly bridge and swap assets across 34+ blockchains Envio Multi-chain EVM blockchain indexer for real-time and historical data. TurboSwap EggoQuest A Telegram-based gaming realm where you fight for real rewards in a Play2Earn format. CompareNodes CompareNodes provides Independent & Transparent Performance monitoring and Benchmarking-as-a-service for WEB3 infrastructure Allstake (NEAR) The first Omnichain Meshed Restaking protocol that enables cross-chain restaking and trustless security. DEXTools The gateway to DeFi, real-time charts, history and all token info from blockchain. Secret Network Decentralized Confidential Computing for all of Web3. Unlocking powerful new use-cases for dApps via smart contracts with encrypted data. Stargate A fully composable liquidity transport protocol that lives at the heart of omnichain DeFi. WhiteBIT European crypto exchange with over 4M users. StealthEX An instant custody-free cryptocurrency exchange that allows you to buy cryptocurrencies instantly without requiring any registration. SwapSpace Offers users the convenience of swiftly and securely exchanging tokens and serves as a reliable bridge between different chains Gas.Zip The fastest one-stop gas refuel bridge for over 150+ chains and counting. Changelly Exchange cryptocurrency in a fast and secure way LayerZero. An omnichain interoperability protocol designed for lightweight and trustless cross-chain messaging Dega A Web3 game developer ecosystem Quidli Solution for micro on-ramps from Web 2.0 to Web3.0 BlockWallet A self-custodial Web3 wallet focused on speed, reliability, and security ensuring users genuinely own their digital assets without technical concerns. Scamfari A crowdsourcing platform dedicated to bolstering blockchain safety and amplifying user awareness and security against cryptocurrency fraud. View all projects Jump right in Whether you’re an individual looking to use one of the projects or a developer wanting to build on Aurora, now is the time to get started. Discover Aurora+ Earn staking rewards and discover our ecosystem dApps Get started Rainbow Bridge Transfer tokens between Ethereum, NEAR & Aurora Transfer tokens Aurora Ecosystem Browse dapps that have already launched on Aurora. Browse dapps Join Discord Chat with the Aurora team and get support. Join Discord About About Aurora News & Updates Press Kit Videos Ecosystem Ecosystem Apps Tokens Ambassadors Program Partner Program Aurora DAO AURORA Token Faucet Rainbow Bridge Developers Developer Portal Documentation Block Explorer Faucet Testnet Bridge Audits AuditOne Bug Bounty HackenProof Bug Bounty Discord GitHub Support Get Help Knowledge Base Contact Discord Discord Forum Telegram X YouTube GitHub Near.Social © 2025 Aurora Privacy Policy Terms of Use This site uses cookies. Read more OK