Allied Universal | Leading Security Services & Solutions Worldwide Skip to main content Filters Apply Contact Us Login Filters Apply Login Services Back Services Security Professionals Back Security Professionals Discover unparalleled security solutions that blend service expertise with cutting-edge technology. Enhance your asset protection and ensure comprehensive site safety with our tailored services. Security Guards Government Security Services HELIAUS® AI Security​ Custom Protection Officers Vehicle and Bike Patrol Visitor and Concierge Management Weapons and Explosive Detection Armed and Cleared Security Enhanced Protection Services Back Enhanced Protection Services Discover unparalleled security solutions that blend service expertise with cutting-edge technology. Enhance your asset protection and ensure comprehensive site safety with our tailored services. Active Law Enforcement K9 Security Disaster and Emergency Response Executive Protection Intelligence as a Service Investigations Risk and Vulnerability Consulting C09237 SmartTech and CBRNE Screening Integrated Technology Services Back Integrated Technology Services Safeguard your people, assets, and reputation by leveraging a combination of trained professionals and consultants who understand the full security life cycle and the latest technology innovations. Security Lifecycle Services Security Assessments Video Surveillance Access Control Intrusion Detection Identity Management GSOC as a Service Hosted and Managed Services Fire Alarm Services Robotics and Autonomous Technology Emergency Communication Security Program Analytics by HELIAUS® Fiber Optics Event Services Back Event Services Crowd Management Event Security Staffing Event Special Services Event Unified Command Center Temporary Video Surveillance Corporate Events Red Team Audits Professional Services Back Professional Services A trusted partner that offers professional services to meet your needs, ensuring excellence and reliability in every aspect of your business operation and brand experience. Janitorial Services Facility Maintenance Services Insurance Claim Solutions Workforce Solutions Cash Inventory Management Solutions Electronic Monitoring Janitorial Services Insights and Priorities of 2,352 Chief Security Officers Download Report Industries Back Industries Aviation Biotechnology Chemical and Petrochemical Commercial Real Estate Condominium and High Rise Construction Corporate Campuses Cultural Institutions Data Centers Defense and Aerospace Distribution and Logistics​ Entertainment Financial Governmental​ Healthcare High Tech and Telecommunications Higher Education Hotel and Hospitality K-12 Education Manufacturing and Industrial Maritime and Port Nuclear Pharmaceutical Residential​ Retail Sports Complexes Transit Utility Recognize your unique vulnerabilities. Schedule Now Resources Back Resources Resources Hub eBooks Webinars Videos Tools Success Stories Articles High-Priority Security Challenges Receive a personalized demo of the Heliaus technology. Schedule Now Offices About Us Back About Us At a Glance Contact Us Story Purpose People Heroes Corporate Governance Social Responsibility Blog Media Center Insightful security blogs & resources. Explore Resources Careers Contact Us There for you® We help keep people, businesses, and communities safe, so we can all thrive together. Image 2025 World Security Report The world is increasingly polarised and security threats are more complex. We've surveyed 2,352 CSOs and 200 global institutional investors to deliver a clear picture of the risks and what organizations are doing to mitigate them. The World Security Report provides the strategic insight necessary to help protect your people and assets. Read More United in Our Vision Our vision is simple, really: Be the most trusted corporate service partner in a world of evolving risk. And when we make that promise to you, we live it out in our deeds and actions, every day. Contact Us Local Service Provider With local branches across North America, we're committed to securing your neighborhoods and communities. Find your local office here. Locations Join Our Team Come be a part of a network of skilled professionals and experts working together to make the world a safer place. Refer a friend, family member or neighbor today. Careers Scalable, End-to-End Solutions Allied Universal provides integrated security services that combine security personnel, technology, and a variety of professional services, to give our clients a flexible and scalable approach to securing their businesses. Security Professionals Enhanced Protection Services Event Services Integrated Technology Services Professional Services Janitorial Services The BMO Stadium Partnership with Allied Universal® Allied Universal® is proud to be the trusted security partner of BMO Stadium, home to LAFC and Angel City FC. Our partnership is built on collaboration, consistency, and a shared commitment to delivering safe, fan-first experiences. From front-line guest interactions to behind-the-scenes planning, Allied Universal is embedded in every aspect of stadium operations, helping ensure that every match, concert, and event runs seamlessly. Look for our event services professionals and leadership team at BMO Stadium, where security and fan experience go hand in hand. Awards and Accolades Image Image Image Image Image Image Image There's Security in our Solutions Allied Universal® provides people, equipment, and customer service you deserve. An unrelenting focus on client success and creating partnerships rooted in quality and value are at the heart of everything we do. Our client-focused, risk-based approach delivers integrated security solutions to help mitigate risk and increase compliance. The state of security today As situations change and challenges evolve, Allied Universal is staying one step ahead with new learnings and insights. Our resources are a rich source of information. View Resources Vertically focused solutions Our category-specific industry expertise allows Allied Universal to give businesses and individuals across various sectors targeted solutions to their security challenges. Industries A comprehensive risk based approach Risk360® is Allied Universal’s proprietary review tool that helps our clients evaluate their security risks. Take the first step in understanding your unique risk profile today. Risk360® Review Trust in the Moment At Allied Universal, we understand that every moment counts when it comes to safety and security. That’s why we combine the power of trusted local expertise with the unmatched strength of a national leader. With the right people, advanced technologies, and tailored security solutions, our customers trust us to help protect them in the moments that matter most – backed by an expert local team with a proved record of delivery. Image Contact us today Looking for more information? Contact one of our security and services experts to see how we can help. Contact Us All New Resources Hub Explore our Resources Hub - your central destination for industry-leading insights and expert resources. You will find the latest World Security Report, along with a collection of eBooks, success stories, webinars, and videos designed to keep you informed and empowered. Dive in and discover resources that help you stay ahead in an ever-evolving security landscape. Visit The Hub Image News & Resources View All Resources News & Resources Image News Sharp Rise in Threat of Violence to U.S. Executives, Corporate Security Chiefs and Investors Warn Read More Image eBooks This informational guide explores why physical security is one of the most strategic investments an organization can make, bolstering resilience and propelling growth. Read More Image Webinars Make smarter, faster security decisions with real-world insights from industry experts. Read More Let's work together to secure the promise of tomorrow. (866) 703-7666 Contact Us Find a Job Image There's Security in our Solutions Image Guarding Image Integrated Technology Image Risk and Vulnerability Consulting Image Canine Security Image Executive Protection and Intelligence Image Active Law Enforcement Image Weapons and Explosive Screening Image Event Security Image Investigations Image Disaster and Emergency Response Image Electronic Monitoring Image Cash Solutions Image Workforce Solutions Image Janitorial Services Also of Interest 631 jobs found for New York Allied Universal ® Acquired MSA Security ® in... Integrated Cash Management Solutions Bringing... News/Media Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Code of Ethics Speak Out Hotline Whistleblower Policy North America Supplier Code of Conduct Supplier Partnership Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Allied Universal UK Allied Universal Mexico Allied Universal Canada © 2017 Allied Universal, State Licenses: 1003458, 14417, 1025514, 0600, 1863B, 58361, 295263, ACO 7130, AC440528, C15802, C24060601, C24060801 *Licensed in some jurisdictions as Universal Protection Service, LP and Universal Protection Service, LLC.