Ausha - Advanced Tools to Grow Your Podcast Audience Try for free Product Features Get an overview of the Ausha platform and see why we’re known as the best podcast marketing solution. Ausha Intelligence (AI) Transcription Promotion Statistics Podcast Search (PSO) Hosting & Distribution Monetization Pricing Pricing Our offers are suited to independent podcasters, companies, agencies or podcast networks. Independent Enterprise Resources Education Blog Ebooks Templates Webinars Case Studies Academy Podcasts Videos Free Tools PodWars Podcast Name Generator Podcast Agencies Podcast Coaches Podcast Top Charts NEW PodWars Battle for Visibility Test PodWars, our free tool to see how visible your show is on Apple Podcasts. Try PodWars Now! Charts Enterprise en Français Español English Log in Try for free The Next-Generation Podcast Growth Platform Advanced and easy-to-use tools to distribute, promote, analyze, and rank higher on Apple Podcasts & Spotify. Ausha helps you grow from your first listeners to your next thousand. Powerful tools to distribute, promote, analyze, and rank higher on Apple Podcasts & Spotify. Try for Free No credit card required Discover Ausha PRO For media, networks & agencies Podcast Search (PSO) Charts Hosting & Distribution Ausha Intelligence Ausha Pro Boost your visibility on Apple Podcasts & Spotify. Boost your visibility on Apple and Spotify Access in-depth Apple Podcasts and Spotify Top Charts with exclusive Spotify insights. Access to Apple Podcasts and Spotify Top Charts Be heard on all podcast apps, with unlimited hosting & one-click distribution. Unlimited hosting & one-click distribution Save time publishing new episodes with AI-powered transcription, episode details, and automated promotion. Save time in episode publishing with AI-powered contents Exclusive features and expert services for media groups, networks, agencies, and brands managing advanced, multi-show podcast strategies. Advanced tools & support 4.8 on Capterra 4.9 on G2 Crowd Trusted by 20,000+ podcasts Creators, Media Companies, Networks, Agencies, and Brands all grow their podcast audience with Ausha. Stand Out Among Millions of Podcasts Publishing is just the beginning. Getting visible and heard is the real challenge. Publishing is easy. Getting heard is the real challenge. MAXIMIZE YOUR REACH Find the Best Keywords to Extend Your Reach Discover keywords the most searched for by listeners Uncover keywords that will bring additional reach with expert guidance with integrated AI Evaluate keyword competition and focus on winnable opportunities Find My Keywords Discover keywords the most searched for by listeners Uncover keywords that will bring additional reach with expert guidance with integrated AI Evaluate keyword competition and focus on winnable opportunities Find My Keywords Get personalized guidelines to improve titles and descriptions Make episodes easier to find in Apple and Spotify search Track improvements in real time to optimize your content Optimize My Episodes OPTIMIZE YOUR CONTENT Optimize Episode Notes in Real Time Get personalized guidelines to improve titles and descriptions Make episodes easier to find in Apple and Spotify search Track improvements in real time to optimize your content Optimize My Episodes MEASURE YOUR PROGRESS Track Your Rankings & Stay Ahead of the Competition See how competitors rank against you in real time Track your podcast’s progress over time Filter by platform, country, and category Check My Rankings See how competitors rank against you in real time Track your podcast’s progress over time Filter by platform, country, and category Check My Rankings Compare your show’s title, description, and artwork to category leaders See how your episode length and publishing rhythm stack up to top shows Benchmark your ratings and reviews against category leaders to uncover growth opportunities Benchmark My Show BENCHMARK YOUR SHOW Discover the Secrets Behind Top-Ranking Shows Compare your show’s title, description, and artwork to category leaders See how your episode length and publishing rhythm stack up to top shows Benchmark your ratings and reviews against category leaders to uncover growth opportunities Benchmark My Show Boost Visibility With Powerful Search Optimization See how PSO works in less than 5 minutes Watch a quick walkthrough to understand how PSO Control Panel can transform your podcast’s visibility. You’ll see how to activate PSO, track performance, and maximize your podcast’s presence across all platforms. See how PSO works in less than 5 minutes You’ll see how to activate PSO, track performance, and maximize your podcast’s presence across all platforms. Explore in video Discover the PSO Control Panel In under 5 minutes, see how you can take your podcast’s visibility to the next level. Try for Free No credit card required Discover Ausha Pro For media, networks & agencies Ready to See How Visible Your Podcast Really Is on Apple Podcasts? Test out PodWars, our free visibility tool, and see how your show performs in search results. How Visible Is Your Podcast on Apple Podcasts? 70% of Listeners use the search tab to find shows—make sure they find yours. 
            If you're not showing up, your show will stay invisible. Check your Search Visibility Now! 🚀 Let's begin Start by entering your details below This helps us provide you with personalized insights En vous inscrivant à ce service, vous acceptez de recevoir des emails de la part d'Ausha concernant nos produits, services et conseils pour optimiser votre podcast. Vous pouvez vous désabonner à tout moment. Continue Check your email ✉️ We've sent a 6-digit verification code to Please enter the code below to continue: Verify Code Didn't receive the code? Resend code 💡 Tip: Check your spam folder if you don't see the email Tell us a little more about yourself This helps us provide you with the most relevant insights Company Size Freelancer 2 - 50 51 - 500 501 - 5000 5001 - 10000 +10000 How do you use podcasts? 🌐 External Communication for Your Organization 🏢 Internal Communication for Your Organization 💼 Solution for Managing Your Clients' Podcasts 📺 Media Outlet Podcast (Press, TV, Radio, Digital-Only) 🎙️ Solution for a Podcast Network 🎧 Personal or Hobby Podcast ✨ Other Continue Find Your Podcast Start typing your podcast name to search ✓ Selected Continue Pick a Country Store Where do you want to check your podcast's visibility? 🇺🇸 USA 🇬🇧 UK 🇨🇦 Canada 🇫🇷 France 🇩🇪 Germany 🇪🇸 Spain 🇮🇹 Italy 🇯🇵 Japan Continue Which keyword would listeners search to find your show? Search for keywords that matter to your podcast and see if you appear in the results Searches remaining: 5 🔍 Search 🔑 Out of Keyword Searches? Ausha's PSO (Podcast Search Optimization) helps your podcast show up when listeners search on Apple Podcasts or Spotify. With PSO, you can: 🔍 Audit keywords to see where your podcast stands 🎯 Target the keywords listeners search most ⚡ Optimize your episodes 📊 Track rankings & outrank competitors 👉 Try PSO Free for 7 Days and take skyrocket your visibility. 🚀 Claim My PSO Free Trial No credit card required Searching Apple Podcasts... Search Results Searches remaining: 5 Track Your Success. Know Your Audience. Dominate the Charts. Track my Audience Track Your Episode Downloads Measure and compare your podcast’s performance at a glance. Know Your Listeners Explore your audience’s age, gender, and more. Discover Where They Listen Track listening across apps and platforms. Publish at the Right Time Find out when your audience is most active. Locate Your Listeners Worldwide See where your listeners tune in by country, state, and city Analyze Episode Trends Monitor top performing episodes with detailed statistics. IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant IAB Tech Lab 2.2 Compliant Unlock Premium Growth with Built for media teams, agencies, and networks seeking advanced tools, expert onboarding, and dedicated support to scale with confidence. Multi-user access for seamless team collaboration Multi-show management for streamlined workflows, advanced access control, and cost-efficient scaling across multiple shows Personalized onboarding for advanced setup & strategic guidance Priority support with dedicated assistance from Ausha’s in-house podcast experts Custom branding with white-label assets & branded domain for a premium experience Contact Our Team Powerful Tools from Ausha Compatible with All Hosting Platforms Keep current host Set Up Instantly Add your podcast name or RSS feed link and we’ll handle the setup, hassle-free. Connect to Ausha Connect to Ausha instantly and without risk. Your show stays live and unchanged on your current host. Unlock Growth Tools Boost your visibility with powerful tools and AI-powered content, all without switching hosts. Try Ausha Today Join 20,000+ Podcasts Growing with Ausha Podcasters worldwide use Ausha to expand their audience and get heard. Grow with Ausha No host switch required Podcasting Made Easy Launch with Ausha. It’s easy as 1-2-3! Launching a Podcast Has Never Been This Easy Share your podcast with the world. Ausha makes it easy as 1-2-3! 1 Streamline Episode Publishing with AI Harness the power of AI to create, optimize and promote your podcast. 2 Distribute Everywhere in One Click Share your show with the world in seconds. 3 Turn Clicks into Listens with One Link Share one link and be heard everywhere. Launch with Ausha Reach New Audiences Beyond Podcast Apps Turn listeners into fans on every platform, not just podcast apps. Reach New Audiences on YouTube Automatically transform your podcast into video for more discovery on the world’s second largest search engine. Transform your podcast into video and get discovered on YouTube. Podcast Audio Player for Your Website Add a sleek, fully customizable podcast audio player onto any website or blog, so listeners can enjoy your episodes in a player that perfectly matches your colors, style, and layout. Add a customizable podcast audio player to your website or blog. Listen Skip, rewind, and listen exactly how you want. Promote Embed your Smartplayer on any website or blog, and share it easily on social media. Customize Personalize your podcast player. Customize colors, style, and layout—all in Ausha! Start Free Trial Dedicated In-House Support Guidance from Ausha experts. Real people, real support. Stellar Satisfaction Rate 98% 5-Star Rating 5 Average Response Time 26 mins Start Your Ausha Journey They Chose Ausha. Here’s Why "A responsive team and an intuitive platform: the perfect combo to get you up and running!" Lea Pires Marketing Coordinator "Ausha is a simple tool to host and distribute your podcast, and has a great team for support." Franck Lassagne Head of Social Media "A simple, reliable way to schedule and deliver across platforms. Ausha makes it easy and keeps us focused on delivering great content." Zach Coffin Vice President of The Higher Ed Marketer "I'm enjoying using Ausha for Trailer Park: The Podcast Trailer Podcast. It's easy to use, and I love that we can publish directly to YouTube. I'm a big fan of the Ausha team!" Arielle Nissenblatt Trailer Park: The Podcast Trailer Podcast "Ausha is THE easiest hosting platform to use. Also, the whole team is friendly, available, and highly professional!" Emmanuel Rudowski Communication & Public Engagement UNESCO "Ausha is easy to use. I love the Smartlink and having everything in one place. The Social Media Manager is a game changer for tracking reach and engagement." Lady Theatricks Spookery Podcast "This is the most user friendly service ever! Very informative with tools and tips to see podcasters succeed!" Chris L. Real Knoxville Radio "Since day one, Ausha has been an essential partner in developing audio and podcast content at AFP." Laurent Barthelemy Journalist at AFP "My overall experience with Ausha has been nothing but positive. The team at Ausha is committed to providing the best service." Alex M. Meet The Makers Thanks to Ausha’s Newsletter tool, I've managed to increase my email list by 11%! The team is also very helpful and always there if we have a question. Emily Marsh Head of Marketing at Iconosquare "Ausha has streamlined our podcast operations. It is intuitive and pleasant to use. Publishing is smooth, the visual presentation is clean and professional, and the analytics help us refine our strategy." Sarah Dkhissi Marketing Assistant at Reacteev "Ausha has made the hosting and publishing side of my podcast super easy and reliable. Their platform is fast and straightforward to use" Lindsey J. Think Like A Woman Explore the Tools They Love Monetize your way. No middlemen. Three ways to make money. All on your terms. Run your own campaigns Find sponsors. Drop in pre-rolls, host-reads, or post-rolls with dynamic insertion. You keep 100% of the revenue. Marketplace: Brands x Podcasters Join Audacy Creator Lab to meet sponsors directly. Browse offers, pitch your show, and land deals—no agency gatekeepers. Fan support, your way Add donation or crowdfunding links to your website or Smartplayer. Direct, personal, and on-brand. Learn more Your Go-To Learning Hub for Podcasting Success Practical tools, in-depth guides, and expert insights to take your podcast to the next level. Ebooks & Templates Ready-to-use tools to plan, launch and grow your podcast. Learn more Blog Clear tips and actionable guides to boost your audience and visibility. Ausha Academy Free step-by-step lessons to help you master Ausha and podcast with confidence. Learn more YouTube Learn through video with our tips and tutorials. Learn more "Tips" Podcast Where we test, learn, and share what actually works. Learn more Webinars Live and on-demand sessions to sharpen your strategy. Learn more Customer Stories Real stories from creators and brands growing with Ausha. Learn more Be Heard. Get Found. Grow with Ausha. Be Heard Everywhere Maximize Your Visibility Track & Grow Try Ausha for Free ISO/IEC 27001 Certified Solutions Enterprise Pricing Resources Templates and ebooks Blog Academy Help Center PodWars Podcast Name Generator Podcast Agencies Podcast Coach Directory About About us Affiliate Program Jobs Contact Sales Partners Follow us LinkedIn Instagram Facebook (ex Twitter) © 2025 Ausha SAS Legal Notice Terms of Subscription Privacy Policy Terms of Use DOM English Français Español English