Trusted PC Optimization Software Provider Since 2008 — Auslogics Products BoostSpeed 14 Disk Defrag SSD Optimizer Registry Cleaner Video Grabber PureVPN Partner Duplicate File Finder Essential Tools View all products Registry Defrag Driver Updater ChillMate Anti-Malware Disk Defrag Ultimate File Recovery BitReplica Disk Toolkit 17+ years on the market 50 + million user downloads 5-star awards from industry experts Ask a Question See user questions asked through Auslogics software and answered by IT pros here See Questions Company Get information: About Auslogics Founded in 2008 in Sydney, Australia, Auslogics has grown into an industry leader in the production of computer maintenance and optimization software for Microsoft Windows. Press Center Contact us if you require an evaluation copy of the software for review, screenshots, box shots or other graphics. Contact us regarding: Technical support Business inquiries Media and press inquiries Reseller program Website or software suggestions Connect with us: Auslogics on Facebook Auslogics on YouTube Ask a Question See user questions asked through Auslogics software and answered by IT pros here See Questions Articles Tech Wisdom from Auslogics 24 Drivers 13 Oct 2025 [FIXED] NVIDIA Control Panel Not Opening on Windows Is your NVIDIA Control Panel not opening ? You’re not alone.

Many users run… Read More 0 Software 08 Oct 2025 Auslogics SSD Optimizer: Maintain SSD Health and Boost Performance Solid-state drives are more advanced in every way than hard disk drives. They ar… Read More 1 Hardware 03 Oct 2025 What Is a Heatsink on an SSD? Do I Need a Heatsink for My M.2 SSD? Modern SSDs, especially high-performance NVMe models, can generate a surprising… Read More Auslogics Blog Get easy-to-follow tips and useful lifehacks on all sorts of computer issues here. Browse all articles Partners Affiliates Link to us & earn commissions Easy way to make money for anyone with a popular blog, site, or social media account. Resellers Reselling/distributing our software will work best if you are a repair shop, publisher, retailer, solutions provider or similar. Technology Partners Integrate or bundle our software with your software/hardware solutions or build your own product with our technology. Service Companies Tune up customer PCs with our tools Our solutions help deliver superior PC optimization and maintenance results. Over 17 years of innovation Auslogics' time-tested software delivers the results PC users want. See all Auslogics products Support Product Questions Answers to frequently asked questions on program functionality or technical issues. Retrieve License Key Lost or never received your license key (registration key/serial number)? Retrieve it here. Top Questions See most frequently asked questions answered here. Sales Questions Answers to questions about ordering, payments, licenses, registration, etc. Auslogics Jobs See current job openings and apply to work at Auslogics here Contact us Submit your tech support request, as well as media, business or partnership related inquiries here. Ask a Question See user questions asked through Auslogics software and answered by IT pros here See Questions Store English Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 Português Русский Please enable JavaScript to access the page's full functionality. Find out how . BoostSpeed 14 Free All the Right Tools to Make Your PC Run Great! Get a cleaner, faster and more secure PC for you and your family free download Our most popular PC optimization tool Great Software to Cover Your PC Needs Disk Defrag Free Compact and fast defragmenter with over 29 million downloads worldwide! It will improve your PC's performance by defragmenting and re-arranging files on your disk. More details free download Windows 7,8,10,11 Registry Cleaner Free The best tool to safely and effectively clear invalid entries from your registry. Eliminate the most common causes of computer glitches and get your PC running smooth again. More details free download Windows 7,8,10,11 Windows Slimmer Free The ultimate slimdown for your Windows system with tools to protect your privacy. It will clean your PC from unneeded components and apps to make it more secure and efficient. More details free download Windows 7,8,10,11 All Auslogics Software Tech Wisdom from Auslogics With tips from Auslogics’ seasoned experts, learn how to speed up a computer , perform PC cleanup, stop error messages from popping up and get your system to run like a well-oiled machine . 129 Productivity 08 Aug 2023 [FIXED] Discord Installation Has Failed Issue on Windows 10/11 In a world where gaming camaraderie and seamless communication reign supreme,  D… Read More 141 Device Issues 04 Apr 2025 [FIXED] Computer Not Recognizing Headphones on Windows 10/11 Headphones have become a staple in our lives, whether we’re catching up on a p… Read More 15 Game Fixes 05 Mar 2024 Discord Overlay Not Working? Let’s Fix It Most gaming PCs are considered incomplete without Discord, and the overlay featu… Read More 130 How To`s 08 Aug 2024 [FIXED] How to Fix the Inaccessible Boot Device Stop Code Error in Windows 10/11? One of the most common errors experienced by Windows 10/11 users is the INACCESS… Read More 16 Game Boost 13 Sep 2023 [SOLVED] ‘VAC Was Unable to Verify Your Game Session’ in CS:GO Every CS:GO player dreads seeing those dreaded words on their screen: 'VAC was u… Read More 104 Device Security 25 Jul 2025 [FIXED] “This App Has Been Blocked by Your System Administrator” Error The notification that sometimes also manifests as “An administrator has blocke… Read More 112 Device Issues 18 Apr 2025 [SOLVED] PC Randomly Turns Off—What to Do? Computers are supposed to make things better and save us time and nerves. Ideall… Read More 77 Device Issues 05 Jun 2023 [FIXED] Bluetooth Connected but No Sound in Windows 10/11 Gone are the days of tangled cables connecting our music players to speakers. Bl… Read More 75 Device Issues 30 Jun 2023 Computer Keeps Restarting: How to Fix? Curious about why your PC behaves this way? This article explains why your compu… Read More 26 How To`s 28 May 2024 How to Link Windows 10 Product Key to a Microsoft Account? Many will say that activating Windows 10 has always been easy. However, reactiva… Read More 61 Files 19 Oct 2023 How to Find Word Autosave Location on Windows 10/11? One of the most popular text processors in the world is undeniably Microsoft Wor… Read More See All Articles See All Articles All Auslogics Software BoostSpeed 14 Disk Defrag Registry Cleaner Windows Slimmer Anti-Malware Driver Updater Disk Defrag Ultimate File Recovery Duplicate File Finder Registry Defrag BitReplica Essential Tools SSD Optimizer ChillMate Disk Toolkit Recommended by Leading IT Experts BoostSpeed “This system optimization tool suite takes an everything-plus- the-kitchen-approach to cleaning, optimizing, and potentially speeding up your PC. Auslogics BoostSpeed includes modules and wizards for just about any kind of tweak or optimization you can imagine...” See review on PCWorld Disk Defrag “Free, fast, and thorough, it can defrag whole disks or individual files and folders, on schedule or on demand.“ See review on Cnet Registry Cleaner “This is a good application to have, and it is pretty easy to use. You don't have to be a very advanced computer user to use it properly.“ See review on Cnet Duplicate File Finder “Auslogics Duplicate File Finder is a quick, simple, and free option“ See review on PCWorld BoostSpeed “Auslogics BoostSpeed is an impressive suite of tools to help you maximize your PC's operating efficiency. BoostSpeed offers all kinds of ways to improve your system's overall speed and performance, as well as to protect your privacy and optimize your operating system.” See review on Cnet Disk Defrag “Given the many features and pros listed above, Auslogics Disk Defrag is obviously one of the better defrag programs out there right now“ See review on Lifewire Registry Cleaner “...if you were looking for registry cleaners, you can stop right here; this free registry cleaner is all you need to fix and repair registry errors.“ See review on Lifewire BoostSpeed “Auslogics BoostSpeed is a comprehensive suite of optimisation tools which is easy for PC novices to use, but also gives Windows experts the manual control they need.” See review on Tech Advisor Duplicate File Finder “Auslogics Duplicate File Finder will help you find dupes even when the file names don't match.“ See review on Lifehacker Disk Defrag “With the ultra-fast defragmentation engine, it can scan and fix the fragmented portions of the disk swiftly.“ See review on Techpout Registry Cleaner “With Auslogics Registry Cleaner you can easily keep Window Registry free from errors, no matter what your technical knowledge is.“ See review on Softonic Duplicate File Finder “Reasonably fast, thorough and with that all-important backup option, Auslogics Duplicate File Finder is well worth checking out if your hard drive is running out of space.“ See review on Tech Advisor 17 + years on the market 5-star awards from industry experts 50 + million user downloads Auslogics is Trusted by Millions of PC Users Worldwide Michael Martin Pender Ireland “This program makes it possible to run your Windows PC in the most optimum way. Have been using BoostSpeed for many years and would not run any PC without it.” See review on Trustpilot Craig Stone United States “Great customer support! The Boost Speed 12 app is comprehensive in addressing all cleaning issues and other features really do "Boost PC Speed"! I am glad I have upgraded to the PRO version to unlock all of these benefits 👍😊 Craig Stone” See review on Trustpilot Elisac Cabral Brazil “Auslogics has been my partner for years. Wherever I need PC improvement, it's just one click, and the trouble is gone.” See review on Trustpilot Since 2008, Auslogics has been offering Australian quality We create first-class tools for PC maintenance, optimization and security on the international software market. Auslogics is a certified Microsoft® Application Development Partner . This status confirms Auslogics` high expertise in developing quality software that meets the growing demands of PC users Recommended by Industry Leaders Founded in 2008 in Sydney, Australia, Auslogics has grown into an industry leader in the production of computer maintenance and optimization software for Microsoft Windows. Premium products BoostSpeed 14 Pro Disk Defrag Pro SSD Optimizer Pro Registry Cleaner Pro Duplicate File Finder Pro BitReplica Pro Driver Updater Disk Defrag Ultimate Anti-Malware File Recovery Video Grabber ChillMate Essential Tools Disk Toolkit Free products BoostSpeed 14 Free Disk Defrag Free SSD Optimizer Free Registry Cleaner Free Duplicate File Finder Free BitReplica Free Windows Slimmer Registry Defrag Resources Support Articles Ask a Question Newsletter Join us on Facebook Follow us on X Company About Us Contact Us Jobs Press Center Partners English Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 Português Русский English EULA | Privacy Policy | Subscription and Refunds | Affiliate Agreement | How to uninstall | Contact Us Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. © 2008-2025 Auslogics Labs Pty Ltd