Skip to content

Payments and services

Resources

Support

Developers

Pricing

Payments and services

Accept and manage payments.

Explore payment solutions

Online payments

Process payments manually, on your website, or through a mobile app.

Mobile point of sale

Accept payments from customers using mobile devices.

Virtual point of sale

Connect a compatible card reader to your computer to accept payments in person.

Phone payments

Accept manual orders quickly and securely with our Virtual Terminal.

eCheck payments

Accept electronic check payments from your customers.

Digital invoicing

Deliver custom digital invoices to any customer with an email address.

Simple Checkout

Add a Buy Now or Donate button to your website.

Advanced Fraud Protection

Customize with rules-based filters and tools to suit your business model.

Account Updater

Keep card information up-to-date to avoid payment interruptions and lost sales.

Recurring Payments

Accept and submit monthly recurring or installment payments.

Resources

Read our blog, learn how payments work, or find a partner to help you set up payment processing.

Explore resources

How payments work

Three basic steps in the credit card processing cycle, made easier with us.

eCommerce guide

Learn about the building blocks of a successful online business.

Find a partner

Our experienced partners can build a customized solution or help you get started.

Become a partner

Earn commissions by selling our products or build integrated solutions using Authorize.net

Blog

Get tips for running your business, find support information, or check out our customer success stories.

About us

We help make it easy to get paid. It’s that simple.

 Search  

Sign in

 

Sign up now

MENU

Questions? Speak to a human.

Call 1-888-323-4289

Company

About us

Blog

Visa

Cybersource

Payments

Online payments

Mobile payments

eCheck payments

Virtual point of sale

Resources

Our features

How payments work

Become a reseller

Sitemap

Connect

Facebook

YouTube

X

LinkedIn

Privacy notice

Terms of use

Intellectual property rights

Cookie policy

Data Processing Agreement

Your privacy rights

© 2018-2025. Authorize.net. All rights reserved. All brand names and logos are the property of their respective owners, are used for identification purposes only, and do not imply product endorsement or affiliation with Authorize.net.

We use cookies and similar technologies where essential to provide our website. We also use them to remember your preferences so that we can give you the best online experience, analyse your visits to our sites and enable personalized marketing (including through our marketing partners). For details, see our Cookie Notice.

AcceptReject allReview choices