Get Started
 
Browse Research
Sign in
×
Browse Research
Templates
Product
Sign in
Get Started
Discover and publish cutting edge, open research.
Get Started
Browse 103,256 multi-disciplinary research preprints
computing and processing9326atmospheric sciences5450geophysics4851communication, networking and broadcast technologies4718covid-194468signal processing and analysis3956machine learning3513hydrology3411climatology (global change)3363environmental sciences2935oceanography2881geology2738
Most recent documents
Collaborative Optimization of Battery Charging / Swapping Stations for eVTOLs Based o...

Jiahui Sun

and 5 more

December 31, 2025
Electric Vertical Take-Off and Landing (eVTOL) aircraft face challenges like limited battery energy density, high power demand, and difficulties in rapid energy replenishment, which restrict their endurance and application scenarios. Therefore, researching efficient energy replenishment schemes for eVTOL batteries is imperative. This paper proposes a closed-loop supply chain-based model for the eVTOL battery charging and swapping system, where a space-time network is employed to schedule batteries and logistics. To maximize system revenue, this model optimizes the battery swapping, transportation, and charging processes, enabling efficient joint operations among eVTOLs, swapping stations, and charging stations. The model is solved by Gurobi, and simulation results confirm its feasibility.
PREDICTING FLEXIBILITY FROM LV NETWORKS BY USING GEOSPATIAL FORECASTING AND SYNTHETIC...

Giuditta Pisano

and 2 more

December 31, 2025
The flexibility provided by Distributed Energy Resources (DER) and Demand Response (DR) can enhance the ability of distribution networks to accommodate renewable generation and new high-peak/coincident loads. However, flexibility is not infinite, and its use in providing local services to distribution system operators (DSOs) can limit its availability for system ancillary services, required by transmission system operators (TSOs) to ensure security and adequacy. As the energy transition progresses, competition for flexibility between TSOs and DSOs will increase. Similar interaction appears between Medium Voltage (MV) and Low Voltage (LV) grids, for instance, when smaller DSOs are supplied by MV distribution networks operated by a different DSO. The Secondary Substation (SS), the interface between the MV and the LV, can provide ancillary services by changing its working point to keep the MV network operation within technical boundaries. Forecasting the SS behaviour is challenging due to the limited observability of LV networks and the uncertainty of generation/consumption patterns. This paper proposes a methodology that identifies and forecasts the amount of flexibility LV can offer without compromising its operation. To address data scarcity, a suitable methodology for developing and using synthetic networks is also proposed. Case studies demonstrate the validity of the proposed approach.
Cu-Doped Amorphous High-Entropy Hydroxides Activating Electrochemical Reconstruction:...

Chengcheng Dong

and 6 more

December 31, 2025
The development of oxygen evolution reaction (OER) electrocatalysts with exceptional activity and robust corrosion resistance is pivotal for advancing water and seawater electrolysis toward sustainable hydrogen production. Herein, copper-doped amorphous high-entropy hydroxide (Cu-NiCoFeCrOH) is constructed via one-step electrodeposition on nickel foam, specifically designed to enhance water/seawater oxidation performance. Comprehensive electrochemical analyses further demonstrate that the Cu doping significantly promotes electrochemical reconstruction by accelerating Cr leaching and re-adsorption, which boosts active oxyhydroxide formation, optimizes electronic structure, and facilitates OH- and *OH adsorption. These effects collectively facilitate the activation of the lattice oxygen oxidation mechanism (LOM), as evidenced by mechanistic studies. Furthermore, the catalyst exhibits excellent corrosion resistance due to the chromate re-adsorption layer, unraveled by the obvious negative shifts of point of zero charge (PZC) and open-circuit potential (OCP) with increasing KOH concentration. Consequently, the Cu-NiCoFeCrOH catalyst delivers superior OER performance with low overpotentials of 209.2 and 221.2 mV at 10 mA cm-2 in alkaline freshwater and simulated seawater, respectively, along with excellent stability (200 mA cm-2@100 h). This work provides valuable insights for the rational design and fabrication of highly active and corrosion-resistant electrocatalysts tailored for water and seawater oxidation applications.
Climate Change--Driven Evolution of Insecticide Resistance in Malaria Vectors

Ebrahim Abbasi

December 31, 2025
Introduction: Climate change is increasingly altering the ecological and evolutionary dynamics of malaria vectors. Rising temperatures, humidity fluctuations, and erratic precipitation patterns intensify physiological stress and accelerate the development of insecticide resistance. Understanding these climate-mediated adaptive processes is critical to sustaining effective vector control. Materials and Methods: Anopheles mosquitoes were collected across diverse climatic zones using WHO-standardized sampling methods. Insecticide susceptibility was assessed through WHO and CDC bioassays, synergist tests, and biochemical assays. Molecular analyses targeted kdr and ace-1 mutations alongside detoxification gene expression. High-resolution climate datasets (ERA5-Land, CHELSA v2.1, MODIS, Landsat) were integrated with entomological data. Machine learning models (RF, GBM, ANN, SVR) and agent-based simulations were developed to predict resistance trajectories under RCP 4.5 and 8.5 scenarios. Results: Pyrethroid resistance was widespread, with mortality ranging from 38–76%. kdr L1014F/S frequencies positively correlated with increasing temperature anomalies (r = 0.78; p < 0.001). Detoxification genes (CYP6P3, GSTe2, CCEae3a) were upregulated in resistant populations. Climate variables—especially temperature anomaly and humidity fluctuation—were strong predictors of resistance. AI models performed robustly (ANN R² = 0.92; RMSE = 0.15), predicting a 26–34% increase in resistance prevalence by 2040 under RCP 8.5. Agent-based simulations showed a 38% faster fixation of resistance alleles under high-emission scenarios. Discussion: Findings indicate that climate change significantly accelerates metabolic and genetic resistance mechanisms in malaria vectors. Integrating climatic intelligence with AI-driven modeling provides a powerful framework for anticipating resistance hotspots and guiding climate-resilient vector control strategies.
Enhancing Species Distribution Models by Considering Dispersal Ability

Mengge Duan

and 4 more

December 31, 2025
Climate change is driving shifts in species’ geographic ranges, and understanding these changes is critical for effective biodiversity conservation. Species Distribution Models (SDMs) are widely used to predict the potential distribution of a given species under climate change. However, most studies focus solely on shifts in suitable habitats without considering whether species can reach these areas within a relevant timeframe. This omission often results in overestimation of future distributions and underestimation of extinction risk. Here, we designed an experiment to assess the impact of dispersal constraints on SDM predictions using ten species with varying dispersal abilities. We compared the potential future distribution of species under two scenarios: the first, incorporating its dispersal ability and the second, assuming unlimited dispersal. Our results demonstrate that ignoring dispersal leads to an overprediction of suitable habitats for species, which may result in underestimating species extinction risk or overestimating the risk range expansions by invasive species. This underscores the critical need to integrate dispersal dynamics into SDMs to enhance the accuracy of biodiversity projections. By incorporating realistic movement constraints, SDMs can provide more reliable predictions, leading to improved conservation planning, better management of invasive species, and more effective biodiversity conservation efforts under climate change.
Herbivore-induced reprogramming of surface hydrocarbons mediates short-range chemical...

Ramasamy Kanagaraj Murali-Baskaran

and 5 more

December 31, 2025
Background: Inducible chemical defences in plants are commonly interpreted through the lens of highly volatile compounds involved in long-distance signalling, whereas the ecological roles of low-volatility, lipid-derived metabolites remain poorly resolved. Long-chain hydrocarbons are abundant components of plant cuticles, but whether they are dynamically regulated by herbivory and contribute to plant–herbivore interactions at short spatial scales is largely unknown. Methods: We examined herbivore-induced changes in volatile chemistry across four legume species (Glycine max, Vignaradiata, V. mungo and V. unguiculata) subjected to feeding by the phloem-feeding whitefly Bemisia tabaci. Comparative GC–MS profiling was combined with behavioural assays to evaluate the effects of induced hydrocarbons on adult whitefly settlement. Results: Whitefly feeding consistently increased the relative abundance of long-chain saturated hydrocarbons across all legume species, indicating conserved reprogramming of lipid-derived metabolism. Behavioural assays showed that representative induced hydrocarbons, particularly eicosane and squalane, significantly reduced adult settlement, with effects expressed primarily through surface-associated rather than airborne mechanisms. The strength and persistence of deterrence varied among host species, consistent with interspecific differences in leaf surface properties and cuticular context. Conclusions: Our findings demonstrate that inducible plant defences extend beyond classical volatile-mediated signalling to include surface-associated hydrocarbons that operate at short spatial scales. By linking herbivory-driven metabolic reallocation with changes in cuticle chemistry and herbivore behaviour, this study identifies long-chain hydrocarbons as an ecologically significant and underappreciated component of plant–herbivore interactions.
The impact of Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) on anesthetic risk...

Xiaoyu Chen

and 5 more

December 31, 2025
Background: Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) are known to delay gastric emptying, which has raised concerns about their safety during the perioperative period. This systematic review assesses the association between GLP-1RAs exposure and anesthetic-related adverse outcomes in patients undergoing surgery or esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD). Methods: In accordance with PRISMA guidelines, we conducted a systematic search of PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library, CNKI, WanFang Data, and SinoMed from their inception until August 31, 2025. The search encompassed RCTs and cohort studies that examining the impact of GLP-1RAs on anesthetic risk in patients undergoing surgery or EGD. The primary outcomes were incidence of aspiration events and the presence of residual gastric content (RGC). Two reviewers independently extracted the data, and we conducted the meta-analysis using a random-effects model. Results: A total of 21 cohort studies involving 275,282 patients were included. The meta-analysis indicated that preoperative exposure to GLP-1RAs was associated with a significantly higher risk of RGC compared with non-use (OR 5.11,95% CI 3.67-7.11, P<0.00001, I 2=66%). However, there was no statistically significant difference in the incidence of aspiration events between the two groups (OR 1.03, 95% CI 0.87-1.23, P=0.70, I 2=0%). Conclusion: The use of GLP-1RAs prior to procedures is associated with increased RGC and higher rates of aborted procedures, though not with significantly elevated the risk of aspiration. Our findings inform the preoperative management of GLP-1RAs, supporting discontinuation in elective settings and underscoring the need for prospective studies to strengthen evidence-based guidelines.
Drugs that act on both GPCRs and kinases: Potentiation of effects, side effects and g...

Hampus Ljunggren

and 8 more

December 31, 2025
Background: A drug designed for a specific target often interacts with multiple targets, either unintentionally or as part of its intended mechanism of action. This phenomenon has been called pharmacological pleiotropy or polypharmacology. There are key endogenous ligands such as ATP, GABA and glutamate, that act on various proteins in humans. Furthermore, several drugs act on multiple proteins without apparent structural similarity. G protein-coupled receptors (GPCR) and protein kinases are among the most important families of drug targets. The aim of this review analysis is to identify drugs with dual actions on GPCRs and kinases and clarify what is known about these actions. Approach: Data searches for ligands with affinity for both kinases and GPCRs were conducted in the Drugbank and Pharos databases. Physiochemical properties of selected compounds were identified using the rdMolDescriptors module from RDKit. A detailed literature search was conducted in search engines such as Google Scholar and Medline, to identify pleiotropic compounds with both GPCR and kinase affinity. Outcome: 34 compounds were identified to interact with proteins within both the kinase and GPCR protein families. Notable examples included the drugs loratadine, terfenadine, clozapine, thioridazine, aripiprazole, fluspirilene, sorafenib, dasatinib, and fasudil. Conclusions: Drug pleiotropy among GPCRs and kinases is a commonly occurring phenomenon. Structural factors that may contribute to pleiotropy include chemical similarity to endogenous ligands, lipophilicity, and planarity of chemical structure, which may guide the development of drugs with intentional multi-target effects. While pleiotropy presents challenges in ensuring specificity, it also creates opportunities for innovative therapeutic strategies if strategically applied.
Precursor Processes of Human Schedule Responding: Goal-Directedness Emerges After Bur...

Xiaosheng Chen

and 2 more

December 31, 2025
Goal-directedness is a core feature of human volitional behaviour. The present study (N = 40) integrates microstructural behavioural analysis with psychophysiological measures to examine how goal-directed actions unfold over time. Using a reinforcement-learning paradigm with matched reward rates, we elicited both time-driven and event-driven behaviour and examined neural activity preceding two co-occurring microstructural response types within these contexts: burst-initiation responses and subsequent within-burst responses. Neural variability decreased more markedly prior to within-burst responses than prior to burst-initiation responses, suggesting stronger engagement of neural processes associated with goal-directed control following burst initiation, that is, after responding has already commenced. In addition, trial-to-trial readiness potential (RP) variability decreased more strongly prior to event-driven behaviour, which was characterised by a higher proportion of within-burst responses than time-driven behaviour. Results further revealed that, across behavioural contexts, a higher proportion of within-burst responses was associated with stronger neural signatures of goal-directed action. More broadly, these findings highlight the dynamic nature of goal-directed control and demonstrate how psychophysiological measures can capture moment-to-moment fluctuations in volitional engagement during ongoing behaviour.
The effect of plasmapheresis on clinical outcome, interleukin-6 and D-dimer in COVID-...

Zahra Sadin

and 7 more

December 31, 2025
Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is characterized by severe hypoxemia with severe lung inflammation. Inflammatory mediators such as colony stimulating factors, tumour necrosis factors, IL-1, IL-6, and IFNs pass through the alveolar membrane and cause a process known as cytokine storm (hypercytokinemia). It occurs commonly in viral infections such as COVID-19. Recent attention has been focused on extracorporeal adjustment of intravascular cytokine levels in COVID-19 patients experiencing severe inflammatory response. Therefore, plasmapheresis has been suggested to reduce the load of plasma cytokines and coagulation factors. The effects of plasmapheresis and its frequency on clinical manifestations, inflammatory markers, specific laboratory values, and their correlation were the main subjects of this study. The length of hospital stays and fatality rates were also evaluated. The participants were COVID-19 cases receiving either invasive mechanical ventilation (IMV) or non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (NIPPV), who were admitted to Shahid Sadoughi Hospital, Yazd, Iran. from March 2020 to May 2021. We evaluated 108 COVID-19 patients with positive PCR test results. A higher admission to plasmapheresis time significantly increased the mortality rate, while presence of chronic illnesses had no effect on survival. The dead cases had a longer admission to plasmapheresis period and hypoxemia upon arrival, whereas d-dimer and length of stay did not show any significant elevation in this group. In conclusion, our study showed that the therapeutic plasmapheresis blood purification technology is safe, effective, and enhances tissue oxygenation by removing inflammatory cytokines and acute phase proteins.
Gorlin-Goltz Syndrome: A Case Series Highlighting Oral and Maxillofacial Presentation...

Thais Moreira

and 4 more

December 31, 2025
Gorlin-Goltz Syndrome: A Case Series Highlighting Oral and Maxillofacial PresentationsAbstractObjective: Gorlin–Goltz syndrome (GGS) is a rare autosomal dominant disorder characterized by multisystem involvement and marked phenotypic variability, often leading to delayed diagnosis. This report aims to present the variable oral and maxillofacial manifestations of GGS. Materials and Methods: This observational case series documents three patients (13-year-old female, 17-year-old male, 56-year-old female) presenting with multifocal jaw lesions. Diagnosis was established via clinical evaluation, panoramic radiography, computed tomography (CT), and histopathological analysis. Systemic investigation was prompted by oral findings. Results: All patients met the diagnostic criteria for GGS primarily through maxillofacial lesions. The consistent hallmark was the presence of multiple odontogenic keratocysts (OKs). Unique findings included an odontogenic myxoma and an ovarian fibroma in the youngest patient, and falx cerebri calcification in the two older patients. A familial history was present in one case. None presented with basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) at the time of diagnosis or treatment, demonstrating a phenotype dominated by oral and skeletal features. Conclusion: This series demonstrates that GGS can manifest with prominent maxillofacial findings in the absence of cutaneous signs. The occurrence of multiple OKs, especially in young patients, is a potent indicator of the syndrome. Dentists are pivotal in the initial recognition of GGS, enabling timely diagnosis and the institution of multidisciplinary management to improve patient outcomes.Keywords: Gorlin-Goltz Syndrome, Nevoid Basal Cell Carcinoma Syndrome, Odontogenic Keratocyst, Odontogenic MyxomaKey Clinical MessageEarly recognition of multiple odontogenic keratocysts and characteristic craniofacial or radiographic findings is essential for diagnosing Gorlin–Goltz syndrome. Dental and maxillofacial specialists play a pivotal role in initiating timely investigation, guiding multidisciplinary management, and preventing delayed identification of this multisystem disorder.IntroductionNevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome (NBCCS), also known as basal cell nevus syndrome or Gorlin–Goltz syndrome (GGS), is a rare autosomal dominant disorder characterized by a broad spectrum of developmental abnormalities and a marked predisposition to neoplasms1,2. The syndrome demonstrates high penetrance with variable expressivity, meaning that most affected individuals develop clinical manifestations, though the severity and presentation may vary widely even within the same family1,3,4.The pathophysiology of GGS is intrinsically linked to mutations in the PTCH gene (the human homolog of the patched gene in Drosophila), particularly PTCH1, located on chromosome 9q22.3–q311,3-5. Mutations in PTCH2 (1p32) and SUFU (10q24.32) have also been reported1,4,5. These genes function as tumor suppressors within the Hedgehog signaling pathway, and their dysregulation promotes uncontrolled cell proliferation and tumorigenesis4,5.Clinically, GGS presents with multisystem involvement, with more than 40 associated manifestations described1,3. Common features include multiple basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) and other dermatological alterations, odontogenic keratocysts (OKs), and skeletal abnormalities affecting the ribs, vertebral column, and skull, sometimes associated with cleft lip and/or palate. Ectopic calcifications of the central nervous system are frequent, particularly lamellar calcification of the falx cerebri, as well as calcification of the tentorium cerebelli, petroclinoid ligament, diaphragma sellae, and partial or complete bony bridging of the sella turcica. Additional findings may include ocular, genitourinary, and cardiovascular anomalies, as well as low-frequency neoplasms such as medulloblastomas, meningiomas, and ovarian or cardiac fibromas1,6,7.Within the field of dentistry, several oral and maxillofacial abnormalities have been identified as manifestations of Gorlin–Goltz syndrome (GGS), including odontogenic keratocysts (OKs), dental agenesis, malocclusion and dentofacial deformities, neoplasms such as maxillary fibrosarcoma, ameloblastoma, odontogenic myxoma, spindle cell carcinoma, and squamous cell carcinoma, as well as other craniofacial abnormalities1,6. The occurrence of multiple OKs is a key diagnostic indicator and is recognized as one of the major criteria for GGS1,6. In fact, jaw cysts are often the most common clinical feature of the syndrome2,8. A clinical diagnosis of GGS is established when two major criteria, or one major and two minor criteria, are present1.Through a series of three cases, this report aims to present the variable oral and maxillofacial manifestations of Gorlin–Goltz syndrome (GGS), emphasizing the diagnostic features of theses lesions. The clinical and radiographic findings are detailed to highlight the pivotal role of dental and maxillofacial specialists in the early recognition and diagnosis of this multisystem disorder.Material and MethodsThis observational case series study was designed to document the oral and maxillofacial manifestations associated with GGS base on three cases.Ethical Considerations and Confidentiality: The study received ethical clearance from the local Ethical Committee for Human Research, under approval number 8.049.321 (CAAE: 93991025.1.0000.0105), ensuring adherence to ethical research standards. Each image was de-identified by removing any discernible patient information, including facial features or unique identifiers that could potentially reveal the patient’s identity.Patient 1A 13-year-old female patient initially presented with a history of previous mandibular and maxilla lesions. The previous panoramic radiograph revealed a complex picture with three major radiolucent lesions: a unilocular lesion at right body of the mandible, a pericoronal radiolucency surrounding the unerupted tooth 37, and a third lesion in the maxilla associated with the impacted teeth 14 and 15 (Figure 1-A). The patient had performed previous surgical treatments under general anesthesia and biopsies were performed. The lesion in right mandible was diagnosed as odontogenic myxoma. Lesions in left mandible (around tooth 37) and in right maxilla were enucleated as cyst-like lesions and the histopathological revealed that both as odontogenic keratocysts (OKs). The actual presentation revealed recurrence of the odontogenic myxoma in left mandible (Figure 1-B) and an additional cyst like lesion in left mandible between the teeth 32-33 (Figure 1-C), also diagnosed as OK.The presence of multiple OKs, a major criterion for Gorlin-Goltz Syndrome, prompted further systemic investigation. The patient’s report of occasional abdominal pain and non-menstrual vaginal bleeding led to an MRI, which identified a calcified ovarian fibroma, another major criterion for the syndrome. This confirmed the diagnosis of GGS. Screening of the parents revealed no signs of the syndrome, suggesting ade novo mutation in the patient case or very lower penetrance of the disease in one of the parents. No additional case in the family was reported. Additional information for patient 1 is described in table 1.Patient 2A 17-year-old male patient sought dental evaluation due to multiple bone lesions in the maxillofacial region previously identified at another healthcare facility. At the time of presentation, there was no prior diagnosis of Gorlin–Goltz syndrome (GGS). His medical history included a craniotomy (craniosynostosis) performed at five months of age and previous oral surgeries conducted at another institution. A retrieved panoramic radiograph taken when the patient was 13 years old revealed three radiolucent areas, two in the mandible and one in the maxilla (Figure 2A). The patient had not received appropriate diagnostic investigation or follow-up at that time.Computed tomography demonstrated multiple cystic-like lesions in both the maxilla and the mandible bilaterally (Figure 2B-C). These lesions showed anteroposterior growth, mild cortical expansion in the posterior mandible, and extension into the maxillary sinuses. All four lesions were later confirmed histopathologically as odontogenic keratocysts (OKs). Additionally, calcification of the falx cerebri was observed, further supporting the diagnosis of Gorlin–Goltz syndrome (Figure 2D). Clinical examination revealed a Class III skeletal profile, anterior crossbite, and a high-arched palate (dentofacial deformity) (Figure 2E). No other family members were reported to have GGS or a history of maxillofacial bone lesions. Additional information for patient 2 is described in table 1.Patient 3A 56-year-old female patient with a medical history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic arterial hypertension, hypothyroidism, and coronary artery disease (status post–cardiac catheterization ten years earlier) sought dental care due to pain and swelling in the right maxillary region. She had a previously established diagnosis of Gorlin–Goltz syndrome (GGS) and reported a history of odontogenic keratocyst (OK) diagnosed at another healthcare facility. The patient also reported having a son affected by the same condition.Computed tomography (CT) (Figure 3A-D) demonstrated multilocular bone lesions in the posterior mandible bilaterally, as well as a cystic lesion in the right maxillary alveolar process extending into the ipsilateral maxillary sinus. Calcification of the falx cerebri was also noted. Histopathological analysis of biopsies from both mandibular and maxillary lesions confirmed the diagnosis of odontogenic keratocysts. Additional information for patient 3 is described in table 1.DiscussionGorlin–Goltz syndrome (GGS) is a rare autosomal dominant multisystem disorder characterized by high penetrance and variable expressivity, leading to significant phenotypic heterogeneity1,4,5,9,10. This variability often contributes to delayed or missed diagnosis, particularly when the initial manifestations occur in the oral and maxillofacial region rather than in the skin or skeletal system2,9,10. Among the multiple features described, odontogenic keratocysts (OKs) are the most consistent and representative oral manifestation of GGS, occurring in 65% to 100% of affected individuals1,4,9. These lesions frequently appear as the first clinical sign of the syndrome, usually during the first or second decades of life, and their recurrent or multifocal presentation serves as a crucial diagnostic indicator6,8,11,12.The maxillofacial region, therefore, plays a pivotal role in the early recognition of GGS. Radiographically, OKs appear as lytic, expansile cystic lesions that commonly involve the mandibular body, rami, and occasionally the maxilla5,9. In the present series, panoramic radiography and computed tomography revealed characteristic multilocular radiolucencies, mild cortical expansion, and sinus involvement consistent with multiple OKs. Intracranial calcifications, particularly of the falx cerebri observed in Patients 2 and 3, provided additional evidence supporting the diagnosis. Distinctive craniofacial features, such as frontal bossing, hypertelorism, macrocephaly, malocclusion, impacted teeth, and dental agenesis, were also noted but specially in the case 2, finding well aligned with the classic clinical spectrum of GGS1. Collectively, these observations emphasize that dental and maxillofacial professionals are often the first to identify the radiographic and clinical hallmarks of Gorlin–Goltz syndrome, enabling timely diagnosis, genetic counseling, and multidisciplinary management before dermatological or systemic complications arise1,3,5.In Gorlin–Goltz syndrome, basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) represent a hallmark cutaneous manifestation and may affect up to 90% of white patients1,5. However, BCCs may be absent in some individuals, as observed in the present series, where all three patients exhibited primarily maxillofacial lesions without cutaneous or major systemic involvement. This variation is attributed to the disorder’s genetic characteristics, particularly its autosomal dominant inheritance with high penetrance but variable expressivity1,4,10. Furthermore, de novo mutations, reported in up to 35–60% of cases, may account for sporadic presentations and the absence of family history1,4. These findings emphasize that the absence of BCCs does not exclude the diagnosis of GGS, reinforcing the importance of recognizing its oral and maxillofacial hallmarks for early identification and management.The present case series underscores the heterogeneous expression of Gorlin–Goltz syndrome and highlights that maxillofacial manifestations can represent the predominant or even sole clinical evidence of the disease. The absence of basal cell carcinomas or other systemic alterations in all three patients reinforces the concept that GGS may initially or exclusively present through odontogenic keratocysts and craniofacial abnormalities. These cases exemplify the diagnostic value of detailed radiographic assessment and emphasize the pivotal role of dentists in identifying pathognomonic features. Early recognition at the dental setting enables appropriate genetic counseling, systematic screening for associated anomalies, and preventive interventions that may reduce morbidity and improve long-term prognosis.ConclusionIn this case series, Gorlin-Goltz syndrome presented with predominantly oral and maxillofacial findings, with multiple and recurrent odontogenic keratocysts serving as the key diagnostic indicators. As dental and maxillofacial professionals are often the first to encounter these signs, they play a critical role in the early detection and multidisciplinary management of this complex genetic disorder.AcknowledgmentsWe wish to thank the Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel (CAPES, Ministry of Education, Brazil) for the scholarship granted to Gabriella Schmitz Oliveira, Finance Code 001.FundingThis manuscript did not receive any financial support from any funding agencies, commercial entities, or non-profit organizations.Competing interestsThe authors declare no conflicts of interest.Ethical approvalThe study protocol was approved by the local Institutional Ethics Committee (https://www2.uepg.br/propesp-cep/) under number 8.049.321 (CAAE: 93991025.1.0000.0105). All procedures were conducted in accordance with the ethical standards of the Declaration of Helsinki and all enrolled patients or legal responsible provided a signed informed consent.References1. Lo Muzio L. Nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome (Gorlin syndrome). Orphanet J Rare Dis. 2008;3:32. doi: 10.1186/1750-1172-3-32.2. Gold NB, Campbell IM, Sheppard SE, Tan WH. Proposed criteria for nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome in children assessed using statistical optimization. Sci Rep. 2021;11(1):19791. doi: 10.1038/s41598-021-98752-9.3. Kimonis VE, Goldstein AM, Pastakia B, Yang ML, Kase R, DiGiovanna JJ, Bale AE, Bale SJ. Clinical manifestations in 105 persons with nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome. Am J Med Genet. 1997;69(3):299-308.4. Attur S, Patel JK, Attur K, Menat S. Gorlin-Goltz Syndrome: Report of a Rare Case with an Update on the Review of the Literature. Contemp Clin Dent. 2023;14(4):317-321. doi: 10.4103/ccd.ccd_139_23.5. Shetty SK, Doddawad VG, Sundar S, S S. Exploring the Changing Diagnostic Criteria of Gorlin-Goltz Syndrome: A Case Report. Oncology (Williston Park). 2023;37(11):449-554. doi: 10.46883/2023.25921007.6. Kaibuchi-Ando K, Takeichi T, Ito Y, Takeuchi S, Yamashita Y, Yamada M, Muro Y, Ogi T, Akiyama M. Odontogenic keratocysts are an important clue for diagnosing basal cell nevus syndrome. Nagoya J Med Sci. 2021;83(2):393-396. doi: 10.18999/nagjms.83.2.393.7. Osaku D, Taniguchi F, Komatsu H, Wibisono H, Azuma Y, Harada T. Calcified Ovarian Fibromas Complicated with Basal Cell Nevus Syndrome. Gynecol Minim Invasive Ther. 2021;10(4):256-258. doi: 10.4103/GMIT.GMIT_16_20.8. Kalogirou EM, Thermos G, Zogopoulos V, Foutadakis S, Michalopoulos I, Agelopoulos M, Tosios KI. The immunohistochemical profile of basal cell nevus syndrome-associated and sporadic odontogenic keratocysts: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Clin Oral Investig. 2021;25(6):3351-3367. doi: 10.1007/s00784-021-03877-w.9. Alemayehu A, Fantahun S, Garoma G, Amare M, Birhanu F. Gorlin-Goltz syndrome: Multidisciplinary approach for early diagnosis of rare disease for better patient outcome. Radiol Case Rep. 2025;20(9):4768-4773. doi: 10.1016/j.radcr.2025.06.012.10. Saxena S, Sundaragiri KS, Bhargava A, Sankhla B. Studying the multiple faces of nevoid basal-cell carcinoma syndrome: A case series. J Oral Maxillofac Pathol. 2020;24(2):315-321. doi: 10.4103/jomfp.JOMFP_358_19.11.Shao Z, Liu B, Zhang W, Chen X. Synchronous occurrence of odontogenic myxoma with multiple keratocystic odontogenic tumors in nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome. J Craniofac Surg. 2013;24(5):1840-2. doi: 10.1097/scs.0b013e318275eb4b.12. Marimallappa TR, Rao K, Kumar KA, Kumar RM, Pal S, Jha M. Gorlin-Goltz Syndrome - A Concatenation of Six Case Reports. Ann Maxillofac Surg. 2023;13(1):133-136. doi: 10.4103/ams.ams_153_22.Table 1. Clinical, radiographic, and diagnostic features of the three patients presenting with Gorlin–Goltz syndrome.
Economic Evaluation of Oxaliplatin Hypersensitivity: A Retrospective Cohort Study

Laura V. Carpio-Escalona

and 3 more

December 31, 2025
Background: Oxaliplatin hypersensitivity reactions (OHRs) occur in approximately 25% of patients receiving chemotherapy for colorectal cancer. Appropriate allergy workup, including skin prick testing and drug provocation testing (DPT), may prevent unnecessary desensitization (DSni) or early therapeutic line switches (ETLS), both of which have cost and survival implications. This retrospective study aimed to evaluate the clinical and economic outcomes associated with different OHR management strategies, including DPT, DS, DSni, and ETLS, and compare them with patients without hypersensitivity reactions (non-OHR). Methods: A total of 268 patients with stage III to IV colorectal cancer treated between 2010 and 2022 were analyzed. Among them, 148 experienced OHRs and 120 did not. Within the OHR group, subcohorts included those undergoing DS (n=89), DSni (n=3), ETLS (n=21), and negative DPT (nDPT, n=35). Overall survival (OS) and direct medical costs were assessed. Survival was analyzed using Kaplan-Meier curves and log-rank tests. Costs included oncology- and allergy-related expenses. Results: The median OS for OHR patients with allergy work-up was 63.67 months, compared to 60.57 months for non-OHRs (p=0.109). Patients in the nDPT group had the longest OS (65.47 months) and the lowest cost (€134,768.00), while DSni patients had shorter OS (52.60 months) and higher cost (€135,408.00). ETLS was associated with the lowest OS (55.86 months) and higher per-patient cost (€148,950.00). DS enabled continuation of first-line therapy with a median OS of 57.8 months at a mean cost of €127,031.00. DPT resulted in savings of ~€4,588.00 per patient compared with DSni. Conclusions: Allergy workup with DPT is clinically safe and cost-effective, offering survival benefit and cost savings over unnecessary desensitization and ETLS. Desensitization, when indicated, may also represent a reasonable management approach. Prospective studies are needed to validate these findings.

Browse more recent preprints

How it works
Upload or create your research work
You can upload Word, PDF, LaTeX as well as data, code, Jupyter Notebooks, videos, and figures. Or start a document from scratch.
Disseminate your research rapidly
Post your work as a preprint. A Digital Object Identifier (DOI) makes your research citeable and discoverable immediately.
Get published in a refereed journal
Track the status of your paper as it goes through peer review. When published, it automatically links to the publisher version.
Learn More
Featured Collection
READ ABOUT COLLECTIONS
Powerful features of Authorea
Under Review
Connect preprints to journals as they go through peer review, and link them to final publications
Versioning
Edit your preprint as your research proceeds and submit as a new version
Collections
Create your own portal or journal, with your branding, custom URL, DOIs, and peer review
Learn More
Journals connected to Under Review
Ecology and Evolution
Allergy
Clinical Case Reports
Land Degradation & Development
Mathematical Methods in the Applied Sciences
Biotechnology Journal
Plant, Cell & Environment
PROTEINS: Structure, Function, and Bioinformatics
All IET journals
All Wiley journals
READ ABOUT UNDER REVIEW
Other benefits of Authorea

Multidisciplinary

A repository for any field of research, from Anthropology to Zoology

Comments

Discuss your preprints with your collaborators and the scientific community

Interactive Figures

Not just PDFs. You can publish d3.js and Plot.ly graphs, data, code, Jupyter notebooks

Learn More
Documents recently accepted in scholarly journals
Fast and Accurate Jitter Modeling for Statistical BER Analysis for Chiplet Interconne...

Shenggao Li

and 1 more

December 17, 2025
In this paper, we investigate Statistical Bit Error Rate (BER) analysis for low-loss short-reach chiplet interface and high-loss long-reach serial interface. We used jitter filtering to account for the residue jitter not tracked by a forwarded clock system and proposed a fast and exact Statistical BER method to account for the Tx jitter amplification effect in a high-loss channel. Our proposed method achieves a linear computation complexity.
Space Weather: New Directions for a Maturing Field and Journal

Noé Lugaz

and 1 more

December 03, 2025
As space weather has significantly matured as a field, the Space Weather journal is implementing two major changes: a new scope and a new Editor-in-Chief (EiC). As part of the revised scope, the novelty of submitted manuscripts is now a major quality to be assessed by the editors and reviewers. The goal of the journal remains primarily to advance our understanding of fundamental space phenomena that have direct impact on technology, to improve the forecasting of such phenomena, and to provide space environment climatology models. This new scope is the last major change implemented by the departing EiC who will be succeeded in January 2026 by Dr. Steven K. Morley. The new EiC will now oversee a large editorial board and a journal with over 400 submissions in 2025.
Comparative Analysis Of Deep Learning Models For Cyclone Detection And Localisation O...

Akash Agrawal

and 7 more

December 03, 2025
This paper presents a systematic comparison of deep learning models for tropical cyclone centre detection in the North Indian Ocean (NIO) using thermal infrared satellite imagery. We evaluate state-of-the-art detectors-YOLOv8, SSD, Faster R-CNN, and RetinaNet-on a comprehensive annotated dataset of INSAT-3D IR images (2013-2023), using multiple metrics including precision, recall, F1-score, mAP, and latitude-longitude MSE. A tailored data preprocessing pipeline for the NIO region is also introduced. Our experimentation results reveal that the YOLOv8 model achieves superior performance with a precision of 0.989 during cyclonic detection and mean-square latitudelongitude errors of (0.314 • and 0.366 •). We further propose an evaluation framework to assess model performance across cyclone intensity grades and test robustness on non-cyclonic images-an under-explored dimension. Our results offer critical insights for building reliable, region-specific automatic cyclone detection systems. To our knowledge, this is the first study to provide a comparative analysis across architectures, metrics, and intensity levels, addressing a key gap in tropical cyclone detection research.
Mitigating Tails Switching in Multibranch Proof-of-Stake Systems: A Quantum-Inspired...

Shujaatali Badami

November 17, 2025
This paper explores the dynamics of multibranch forging algorithms within Proof-of-Stake (PoS) systems, focusing on the tails switching effect and its associated risks, such as the Nothing-at-Stake (N@S) attack. The study introduces a series of modifications to the traditional single-branch approach, drawing inspiration from quantum mechanics to enhance system security and efficiency. By analyzing the impact of smooth and direct measure functions on the cumulative measure of blockchain branches, the paper demonstrates that direct measures effectively reduce tails switching and stabilize the network. Additionally, the introduction of single-branch nodes is shown to stabilize the best chain, reducing the likelihood of history rewrites. The results suggest a promising pathway for improving multibranch PoS systems, emphasizing the need for further investigation into delayed propagation, transaction processing, and measure combinations.
Attention Makes HVAC Control More Efficient

Khalil Al Sayed

and 3 more

November 10, 2025
Heating, ventilation, and airconditioning (HVAC) systems account for around 16.4% of global final energy consumption and about 14% of global operational CO2 emissions. Controlling them is a partially observable, sequential decision problem: relying solely on instantaneous sensor readings as inputs overlooks the full sequence of past conditions that shape future dynamics. To tackle this challenge and fully exploit the available temporal context, this study integrates a transformer encoder-decoder architecture into a Double Deep Q-Network (DDQN), forming a "Q-Transformer" capable of processing 24hour sequences of observations. This approach is benchmarked against a conventional DDQN using a multilayer perceptron (MLP) and a sequence-aware Bi-LSTM within an EnergyPlus model of a 400 m 2 university amphitheater. In a weekly adaptation test, the Q-Transformer demonstrated rapid learning convergence, reducing energy consumption by up to 48% and 66% (occupied and unoccupied periods) compared to Bi-LSTM and MLP, respectively, while maintaining thermal and air quality comfort. After one year of simulated training on weather and occupancy data from a reference site (Luxembourg), the agent was evaluated across 4 different climatic locations, resulting energy reductions of 40% and 74%, and comfort violation reductions of 11% and 29%, compared to Bi-LSTM and MLP, respectively. These results signifies the ability of generalization and control capabilities of transformer-based reinforcement learning for adaptive HVAC management.
Multi-parameter infrasound period-yield scaling for bolides

Reynold Silber

and 17 more

November 04, 2025
Rapid estimation of bolide energy from infrasonic signals is essential for hazard assessment, yet most current procedures apply a single period–yield curve that assumes a uniform source behavior. Such generalization neglects the influence of entry geometry, altitude-dependent energy release, and fragmentation history on the observed infrasound signal period, producing large uncertainties for many events. We present a multiparameter empirical framework that embeds those physical factors directly into empirical period–energy scaling. A global catalog of bolides detected by both US Government (USG) sensors and worldwide infrasound stations provides the foundation for this endeavor. Measured dominant signal periods are then paired with USG sensor-derived energies. A bootstrap-based regression strategy partitions the data according to various parameters (e.g., trajectory angle, peak-brightness altitude, fragmentation pattern) delivering a family of period–yield relations tailored to specific source conditions. The resulting relations show that classical single-curve models do not sufficiently represent energy deposition whenever an event departs from median geometry or undergoes complex fragmentation. By capturing the observed variability across the expanding bolide database, the framework supplies uncertainty envelopes that remain realistic even when only infrasound is available. This approach transforms infrasound energy assessment from a coarse heuristic into a physics-aware tool optimized for hazard-monitoring and planetary defense applications. SNL is managed and operated by NTESS under DOE NNSA contract DE-NA0003525.
Surface wind extremes are stronger in the Northern Hemisphere Oceans than in the Sout...

Aleksa Stanković

and 1 more

October 19, 2025
While the Southern Ocean is known to have the strongest annual-mean surface winds globally, it remains unclear whether surface wind extremes are stronger there than over the Northern Hemisphere basins. We address this question by analyzing reanalysis and satellite datasets and employing feature tracking to associate cyclones with surface winds. Consistent with previous work, we find the highest annual-mean and median winds over the Southern Hemisphere. However, we find a statistically distinguishable hemispheric asymmetry in extreme surface windspeeds, with the Northern Hemisphere having stronger extremes. The stronger extremes in the Northern Hemisphere are driven primarily by extreme windspeeds occurring during winter and in proximity to cyclones (within a 1000 km radius around objectively tracked cyclone centers). Large-scale differences between basins likely play a role in shaping hemispheric asymmetries, as the Northern Hemisphere has higher extreme windspeeds above the boundary layer (700 hPa) and higher extremes of midtropospheric Eady growth rates.
Space-Time Causal Discovery in Earth System Science: A Local Stencil Learning Approac...

J. Jake Nichol

and 6 more

October 15, 2025
Causal discovery tools enable scientists to infer meaningful relationships from observational data, spurring advances in fields as diverse as biology, economics, and climate science. Despite these successes, the application of causal discovery to space-time systems remains immensely challenging due to the highdimensional nature of the data. For example, in climate sciences, modern observational temperature records over the past few decades regularly measure thousands of locations around the globe. To address these challenges, we introduce Causal Space-Time Stencil Learning (CaStLe), a novel meta-algorithm for discovering causal structures in complex space-time systems. CaStLe leverages regularities in local space-time dependencies to learn governing global dynamics. This local perspective eliminates spurious confounding and drastically reduces sample complexity, making space-time causal discovery practical and effective. For causal discovery, CaStLe flexibly accepts any appropriately adapted time series causal discovery algorithm to recover local causal structures. These advances enable causal discovery of geophysical phenomena that were previously unapproachable, including non-periodic, transient phenomena such as volcanic eruption plumes. Regularities in local space-time dependencies are transformed into informative spatial replicates, which actually improve CaStLe's performance when applied to ever-larger spatial grids. We successfully apply CaStLe to discover the atmospheric dynamics governing the climate response to the 1991 Mount Pinatubo volcanic eruption. We provide validation experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of CaStLe over existing causal-discovery frameworks on a range of geophysics-inspired benchmarks while identifying the method's limitations and domains where its assumptions may not hold. Plain Language Summary We introduce a new method for learning the dynamics of causal systems, that is, the physical rules that define a system's behavior. Although this task, causal discovery, is not new, existing tools are ill-suited for many large geophysics data sets. Current state-of-the-art approaches use statistical techniques to search for causal relationships between all aspects of a system, examining billions of possible causal effects, or simplifying the data by focusing on the most important variables. Instead of an exhaustive search or oversimplifying the data, we incorporate basic physical principles-requiring effects to be "local" and "uniform"-to massively simplify the causal discovery problem. We demonstrate that our approach can recover known geophysical dynamics by applying it to the 1991 Mt. Pinatubo eruption, validating its ability to uncover space-time causal structure from observational data.
Exploring Exhaustivity in Wh-Questions through Analysis of Natural Language Usage

Raghab Singh

October 22, 2025
This study investigates the psychological factors that influence how a hearer interprets a speaker's intention in response to a question. The analysis focuses on wh-questions and the extent of exhaustivity required to fulfill the speaker's communicative goal. While previous research suggests that such questions typically elicit exhaustive answers, the findings presented here indicate that exhaustivity is not an inherent property of the question itself. Question paraphrase ratings were collected across varied linguistic contexts to support this conclusion. The results highlight the significance of both linguistic and discourse-level considerations-particularly the hearer's assessment of the speaker's intent-in shaping the interpretation of meaning in question-answer exchanges.
Evolutionary AI for Morphological and Locomotor Design of Resilient Exploration Robot...

Raghab Singh

October 22, 2025
We present an AI-driven evolutionary framework that co-designs morphology and locomotion for compliant (soft) robots intended for extraterrestrial terrains. Using CPPN-NEAT with novelty-guided search, our approach explores diverse body plans and gaits across Earth, Martian, and lunar gravity. In an ablation against direct encodings, CPPN-based robots achieved 1.78× greater mean displacement under Earth gravity (14.3 cm vs. 8.0 cm), while also exhibiting higher morphology-diversity scores (0.87 vs. 0.41), indicating improved exploration of the design space. Novelty search further enriched behavior-space coverage and yielded robust gaits under low gravity. Results highlight that diversity-centric, generative encodings can surface unconventional yet effective designs often overlooked by purely fitness-driven optimization.
Full-spectrum similarity of repeating trapdoor faulting

Osamu Sandanbata

and 1 more

October 12, 2025
Volcanic activity in submarine calderas recurrently generates characteristic earthquakes on ring-fault systems driven by magma-induced stress. At Sumisu Caldera, Mw 5.4–5.7 trapdoor fault earthquakes have recurred quasi-regularly, mostly at ~10-year intervals, producing tsunamis due to meter-scale caldera uplift. To assess event similarity and infer controlling factors, we compare seismic and tsunami waveforms at broadband period range (0.2–500 s). The 1996, 2015, and 2024 events exhibit nearly identical waveforms, indicating rupture of a persistent major asperity with stable geometry and processes. Similar but non-identical earthquakes suggest partial rupture or additional minor asperities. Comparable repeating sequences at other submarine calderas further support that trapdoor fault earthquakes are generally governed by major asperities, while variations in recurrence patterns may reflect differences in fault properties among calderas. These results demonstrate that trapdoor faulting recurrency is controlled by major asperities on ring faults, sustained by long-term, stable magma supply.
Uncertainty Quantification in AI-Based Measurement Systems

Emanuele Buchicchio

and 4 more

October 16, 2025
The applications of artificial intelligence (AI) are transforming our world and impacting all aspects of society, economy, life, work, and technology, as well as the field of Instrumentation and Measurement (I&M). When accurate mathematical modelling of the measurement system is impossible or when the accuracy of the final measurement is more important than understanding exactly how the system works, AI can offer an attractive and practical solution [1]. Some scientists claim that data are the only objective representation of reality and that all that is required is to understand the empirical world and make appropriate decisions about it [2]. In other sources it is argued that theory is still essential for interpreting and explaining the patterns and phenomena revealed by data and that data-driven science is not a genuine mode of knowledge production, but rather a tool to identify potentially useful information [3]. Measurements have always been the bridge between the empirical world of phenomena and the abstract world of concepts and knowledge [4] and machine learning (ML) deserves a special place in the debate between data-driven and theory-driven methods. ML methods operate by design according to an input-output behavioral approach and do not provide causal explanations of the predictions that the system produces, whose accuracy is only a matter of goodness of data fitting [5]. The issue of calculating the overall prediction uncertainty of a ML based system has gathered attention from the I&M community and remains an open problem. Neural networks (NNs) employed in practical deep learning applications (e.g., computer vision, natural language processing, etc.) are intricate nonlinear systems, and in numerous practical scenarios, the internal details of the NN are not always accessible. Consequently, analytical modeling of the system poses a significant challenge. In this paper, we propose a Monte Carlo approach to estimate two distinct contributions to the prediction uncertainty.

Browse more published preprints

A

back to the top

About Product Preprints Pricing Help
Contact: hi@authorea.com
 Follow: @authorea

Authorea 2026

Terms of Use Privacy Policy