Autism support, resources & advocacy | Autism Speaks Skip to main content Walk Donate About us Common misconceptions Blog Events Careers Set Your Location Help & information Information by topic Directory Resource Guide Autism Response Team What is autism? Learn the signs Symptoms of autism What causes autism? Asperger syndrome Autism statistics and facts Learn about screening Screening questionnaire First Concern to Action Autism diagnostic criteria: DSM-5 Newly diagnosed Associated conditions Sensory issues Mental health Interventions Access services Insurance Caregiver Skills Training (CST) Our work News Our grantmaking Research programs Autism by the Numbers Autism Fit Get involved Fundraising & events Empower Walk & 5K Run TeamUp Special events Social fundraising Ways to give Memorial & tributes Stocks DAF Workplace giving Advocate Federal advocacy State advocacy Take action Voting Corporate partnership Become a partner Ways to engage Meet our Partners ¿Que es el autismo? Primeros signos de autismo Síntomas del autismo ¿Qué causa el autismo? Signos de autismo en adultos Signos de autismo en mujeres y niñas Detección del autismo Deteccion temprana Criterios de diagnóstico del autismo Niveles de autismo Síndrome de Asperger Recursos Recursos de asistencia financiera El autismo en cifras Donate Help & information Information by topic Directory Resource Guide Autism Response Team What is autism? Learn the signs Symptoms of autism What causes autism? Asperger syndrome Autism statistics and facts Learn about screening Screening questionnaire First Concern to Action Autism diagnostic criteria: DSM-5 Newly diagnosed Associated conditions Sensory issues Mental health Interventions Access services Insurance Caregiver Skills Training (CST) Our work News Our grantmaking Research programs Autism by the Numbers Autism Fit Get involved Fundraising & events Empower Walk & 5K Run TeamUp Special events Social fundraising Ways to give Memorial & tributes Stocks DAF Workplace giving Advocate Federal advocacy State advocacy Take action Voting Corporate partnership Become a partner Ways to engage Meet our Partners ¿Que es el autismo? Primeros signos de autismo Síntomas del autismo ¿Qué causa el autismo? Signos de autismo en adultos Signos de autismo en mujeres y niñas Detección del autismo Deteccion temprana Criterios de diagnóstico del autismo Niveles de autismo Síndrome de Asperger Recursos Recursos de asistencia financiera El autismo en cifras About us Common misconceptions Blog Events Careers Walk Donate Select Your Location Set Your Location Location Please enter your location to help us display the correct information for your area. Enter your keywords Gifts 5X-MATCHED through December 31 Donate before the year ends and see your generosity MATCHED 5:1 for FIVE TIMES the impact. Advocacy priorities Autism Speaks influences policy at the state and federal government levels. To do this, we work with Congress, the White House, state legislators, agencies, and regulators. See our advocacy priorities Autism information and support What is autism? Learn more about autism spectrum disorder. Signs of autism Learn the signs of autism at any age. Newly diagnosed Get resources and support after a new autism diagnosis. Find autism services and events in your community Autism Response Team Have questions? We are here to help with personalized information. Resource Guide Find autism specialists in your community. Autism activities and events Find autism-friendly activities and events in your area. Find the resources right for you Person with autism Parent Educator Sign up for our emails Get autism news, event information, heart-warming stories and more sent to your inbox. Join the Empower Walk & 5K Run The Empower Walk & 5K Run combines our signature Walk with an exciting new 5K Run. While we’ve updated the name and logo, our mission remains unchanged: to create a more inclusive world.

The Empower Walk & 5K Run is for everyone who wants to make a difference in the autism community. Whether you choose to walk or run, participate as an individual or as part of a team — join us today to be a part of something truly impactful! Register now Autism news All the latest that matters to our community 12.11.25 Lil Jon + Toys“R”Us® turn viral Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade® moment into support for Autism Speaks Toys“R”Us and Lil Jon today announced a national giving initiative offering fans the opportunity to own the iconic jacket worn by the artist, in 12.10.25 Autism Speaks supports Representatives Torres and Rutherford in introducing bipartisan bill for Blue Envelope Programs nationwide Congresswoman Torres and Congressman Rutherford introduced the Supporting Blue Envelope Programs Act, bipartisan legislation to provide federal 11.20.25 Autism Speaks statement on the CDC’s recent website change on vaccines and autism The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention published new content on its website declaring that the statement “vaccines do not cause autism” 11.17.25 Policy Pulse | Advocating for caregivers, employment, equity and services This newsletter edition highlights updates on the federal government shutdown, California policy wins, and advocacy for caregivers, employment and 11.14.25 Autism Speaks helps bring WHO Caregiver Skills Training to families across China Discover how China’s new Caregiver Skills Training, led by Autism Speaks and WHO, brings practical autism support to families nationwide. 11.5.25 Cherry Hill Programs and Autism Speaks celebrate 10-year partnership with 2025 Santa Cares events Autism Speaks is partnering once again with Cherry Hill Programs to bring back Santa Cares, a beloved nationwide sensory-friendly holiday tradition Read more news Do you have a job that's right for someone with autism? If you're hiring, the answer is yes! Our Workplace Inclusion Now (WIN) program can help! Learn more about WIN Life on the spectrum Concepcion, Jury and Justice Remember, it’s okay to pause and take a break — that doesn’t make us bad parents. We’re only human, and we get tired too. Finding balance is essential, both for ourselves and for our children. Read Concepcion, Jury and Justice's Story Tricia D. and Blake, 16 I want my son to be happy, independent, and loved. Read Tricia D. and Blake, 16's Story Eric B.
           | 34 years old Employers should embrace those who are on the spectrum and create training methods that work better for them. Read Eric B.'s Story Adriana and Adan M.
           | 17 years old I want to show my son that he doesn’t have to be scared of the world. Read Adriana and Adan M.'s Story Explore more stories If you've met one person with autism, you've met one person with autism. - Dr. Stephen Shore What Is autism? Help & information Our work Get involved Community stories About us Offices Careers News Corporate partners State fundraising notices Financial Conflict of Interest Need personalized support? Our Autism Response Team (ART) is specially trained to connect people with autism, their families, and caretakers to information, tools, and resources. Get in touch with ART Donate News, Updates & More Sign up now! Follow Us Contact us Privacy policy Terms of service Careers Grants © 2025 Autism Speaks Inc. 501(c)(3) organization, EIN: 20-2329938. Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility