Fullpath | Digital Marketing & Customer Data for Auto Dealerships Book a Demo See how you can organize and activate your data with Fullpath. Book a Demo Platform Data Management CDP Unified, Actionable Data Group CDP Multi-Rooftop Data Visibility Fullpath Enterprise Enterprise-Level CDP Performance Data Enrichment Real-Time Data Enrichment Managed Services Concierge Campaign Management Data Activation Audience Activation Data-Driven Email & SMS Campaigns Digital Advertising Smart Search, Social, Display, PMAX, Demand Gen, & Programmatic Ads Website Engagement Personalized Website Experience VINs-Acceleration VIN-Specific Ad Campaigns Equity Equity-Based Campaigns Amazon & OTT Highly-Targeted Amazon & OTT Ads Dynamic Payments Automated Specials & Offers Featured Content Blog Post 11 min AI Agents for Car Dealers: What are they and how are they revolutionizing automotive retail? Zoë Edelman June 23, 2025 From streamlining supply chain management and automating personalized marketing to lead scoring and service lane optimization, AI is becoming deeply embedded in the industry. ChatGPT Artificial Intelligence Read more Blog Post 7 min Why Enterprise Dealership Groups Need a Tailored Group CDP Zoë Edelman April 20, 2025 In the era of artificial intelligence and Customer Data Platforms, we should be not only reducing the amount of manual work for enterprise group managers, but gaining better, clearer insights to what’s really going on across every rooftop. CDP Read more Activate your data with Fullpath. Book a Demo Resources Learning AI Learning Hub Help Center Blogs Videos Webinars Podcasts Whitepapers and Reports Data Insights Tools Budget Ad Calculator Google VLA Integration Legal Trust Center Privacy Policy Featured Content Case Study How Frank Leta Honda Optimizes Their Website Experience to Drive More Sales with Fullpath May 21, 2025 See how Fullpath Website Engagement helped Frank Leta Honda in O’Fallon, Missouri successfully engage 66% of their website visitors. Read more Whitepaper The Future Is Here: How LLMs Are Revolutionizing Automotive June 11, 2025 The industry is quickly hitting the AI ‘ride or die’ stage where automotive leadership must take data connectivity seriously and begin integrating AI into their day-to-day operations, or risk falling irreversibly behind their competitors. Download Whitepaper Activate your data with Fullpath. Book a Demo Technology How it Works Feature Releases Live Launch The AI-Powered Dealership Integrations Feature Release 0 min Customize your Agent Working Hours December 30, 2025 Read more Activate your data with Fullpath. Book a Demo Company About Us Newsroom Careers Featured Content Report The 2025 State of AI Adoption in Car Dealerships November 19, 2024 AI-adoption in car dealerships deeply affects the way vehicles are bought and sold and will impact the future of the American economy. This report examines AI adoption in car dealerships, dealer sentiment towards AI tools, and future plans for AI adoption & spending. Download Report Article Fullpath Elevates CDP with Urban Science Defection Data Integration April 28, 2025 Urban Science’s defection data empowers dealers to know when leads in their CRM buy cars elsewhere, driving Fullpath’s marketing automation efforts to more efficient and productive outcomes. MarTech Read more Activate your data with Fullpath. Book a Demo Case Studies OEM Programs Stellantis Maserati Subaru GM Jaguar Land Rover Mazda Porsche Honda Acura Book a Demo See how you can organize and activate your data with Fullpath. Book a Demo Sign In Learn More The Customer Data Platform that helps you sell more cars, powered by AI. Organize and activate your dealership’s first-party data with Fullpath. Get a Demo Watch the Overview Meet Fullpath’s Enhanced CDP Customer Data Platform Customer Data Platform Unify and clean every data source at your dealership to gain deep insight into your shoppers and inventory. Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence Activate your data by layering it with powerful AI to create hyper-personalized customer experiences at every touch point. Marketing Automation Marketing Automation Automatically execute targeted marketing campaigns for every single dealership shopper at every stage of the sales funnel. Get a Demo 11M Data Points Ingested Daily 250K Attributed Annual Sales 223 Data Integration Opportunities 7 Data Activation Solutions The 3 Core Pillars of Fullpath’s Enhanced CDP Identity Resolution Fullpath’s CDP cleans and normalizes dealership first-party shopper data using powerful identity resolution technology to identify and merge duplicate shopper profiles across multiple data sources to create a singular, data-rich profile for every shopper. Explore Fullpath’s CDP Audiences & Segments In creating data-rich profiles for every shopper, Fullpath’s CDP offers the ability to build hyper-specific audiences based on specific demographics, behaviors, and traits that can be leveraged for targeted marketing campaigns. Fullpath provides pre-populated lists, AI-generated lists and granular filtering capabilities that enable dealers to build custom audiences pulled from their unified data, making it simple to take meaningful action. Explore Fullpath’s CDP Data Activation The Fullpath ecosystem has several data activation channels, including AI and marketing automation, Fullpath’s open API connectors, and custom campaigns.  This allows dealerships to leverage the full power of their unified data in building meaningful customer relationships and improving their bottom line. Get a Demo Market to people not numbers. Fullpath is designed for the automotive industry, offering dealers the AI-driven technology they need to activate every single data point and effectively engage each individual shopper with content that matters at every stage of the sales funnel. Fullpath’s Activation Solutions: CDP Unify, manage and activate your first-party data. Audience Activation Automate personalized data-driven email campaigns. Digital Advertising Execute AI-optimized search, social and display ads. Website Engagement Personalize data-powered website experiences. VINs-Acceleration Launch VIN-specific marketing campaigns. Equity Engage shoppers based on their equity status. Dynamic Payments Automatically update offers cross-platform in real time. Explore All Solutions Data Activation for Every Dealership Team General Management Leverage your data to gain deep insight into dealership activities and performance. Use these insights to optimize the efforts of your teams, improve dealership operations, and increase your customer lifetime value (LTV). Learn More Marketing Automatically build and leverage deeply segmented audiences for your ad and email campaigns with AI-powered, data activated solutions that drive higher ROI. Learn More Sales Get the full picture for every shopper with data-rich, unified shopper profiles so you can personalize your interactions, close more sales, and drive customer loyalty by creating exceptional customer experiences. Learn More Service Engage your shoppers with  fully automated, AI-driven service campaigns to optimize processes, keep your service lane full, and engage with leads in a timely, meaningful way. Learn More Top dealerships, powered by Fullpath. Ardmore Toyota made $2.4 million in attributed sales in 1 year. By activating their first-party data with Fullpath, Ardmore Toyota successfully created personalized marketing campaigns for every shopper and skyrocketed their revenues. Read Case Study Szott Ford turned dead leads into sales with Fullpath Audience Activation. Tired of watching expensive leads go cold, Szott Ford used Fullpath’s AI-powered campaigns to engage 100% of their CRM, transforming over 7,000 dead leads into active shoppers. Read Case Study Bowen Scarff Ford saw a 47% increase in CRM sales in 8 months. By leveraging multiple solutions within the Fullpath platform, Bowen Scarff Ford activated their data to offer shoppers a better experience that resulted in more sales and loyalty. Read Case Study Colonial Volkswagen increased sales by 23% in 6 months. Using Fullpath’s identity resolution technology, Colonial Volkswagen was able to create nearly 40,000 data rich shopper profiles and optimize their marketing to drive more sales. Read Case Study Mtn. View Ford hit a 50% conversion rate on their website chatbot. Just 3 months after implementing Fullpath’s ChatGPT integration on their website, Mtn. View Ford saw over 60% of their website leads come directly from their chatbot. Read Case Study Quirk Chevy reduced their Cost Per Lead (CPL) to $14.02 with activated data in one year. Partnering with Fullpath enabled Quirk Chevy to increase the effectiveness of their overall marketing strategy, by reducing costs and creating a better overall customer experience. Read Case Study 01 / 6 Fullpath gives you the tools you need to effortlessly activate your data. Connected Data Fullpath unifies all of your dealership’s siloed data sources, including your CRM, DMS, website, ads, incentives, and more into one integrated platform to create a clean data to use as a source of truth for all business decisions. Identity Resolution Fullpath’s identity resolution technology consolidates shopper profiles into one customer record that updates automatically for more precise targeting and efficient marketing. 360° Shopper Profiles Fullpath consolidates all shopper data into one profile, creating a singular, clear picture of the entire shopper journey, allowing you to create meaningful customer engagements. Audience Building Fullpath’s CDP offers granular filtering capabilities, allowing you to build unique, highly-specific lists and audiences along with pre-populated lists to use in your marketing campaigns, inside and outside the Fullpath activation ecosystem. Activation Channels Fullpath activates your data with AI-powered marketing automations including data-driven email and highly-optimized digital ads for every stage of the sales funnel so you can engage your shoppers with meaningful content. AI-Driven Insights Fullpath’s powerful AI leverages dealership data to perform deep audience segmentation, ensure hyper-personalization, optimize performance, and provide accurate, contextual insights. Data Security Fullpath works with top level encryption technology to ensure your data is safe and secure, and that your dealership is fully compliant with all FTC data regulations. Dynamic Integrations Fullpath works with an open API designed to break down data silos and give your dealership full control over your data by connecting to various automotive technology partners. Fullpath Integrations What makes Fullpath different than other CDPs? Designed for Dealers Fullpath is designed specifically for dealerships, allowing dealers to unify the existing automotive-specific data sources already in play at the dealership, something other CDPs cannot do. Real-Time Data Updates Fullpath works to update your data in real time so your every move – from your next marketing campaign to your sales approach – is made based on the most updated, reliable data. Powerful Automations Fullpath takes your data further by automating highly effective, personalized marketing campaigns for hyper-specific audiences that are fully optimized cross-platform with no human intervention. Full-Funnel Marketing Fullpath’s AI-driven marketing allows you to automatically target every part of your sales funnel with hyper-specific, relevant and valuable messaging at every point of the shopper journey. Open API Fullpath’s open API allows dealerships to fully leverage their data no matter the source, by enabling dealers to integrate their existing automotive technology providers within Fullpath’s platform. Time to Value Fullpath brings value to your dealership from day one by offering you the functional, accessible tools you need to clean, sort, filter and activate your data across your dealership teams. Our Vision At Fullpath, we believe the dealership of the future is one where proud dealership traditions and cutting-edge technologies come together to create exceptional, lasting dealer-customer relationships that continue far beyond a first sale. That vision is our North star. It is what drives us to pursue excellence and innovation in our products to support our dealer clients in achieving their goals through the power of data and AI. FAQs What is an enhanced Customer Data Platform (CDP)? An enhanced CDP is a technology driven platform designed to consolidate siloed dealership data sources and then leverage that data to create automated seamless omni-channel marketing journeys for every individual shopper. Why does my dealership need an enhanced Customer Data Platform (CDP)? Fullpath’s enhanced CDP takes siloed, disjointed dealership data and connects it into one organized, cohesive system. This is the best way for dealerships to keep their businesses productive and in line with customer expectations today. When your first-party data is connected, you can leverage the machine learning, artificial intelligence, and predictive analytics provided by Fullpath to make data-driven decisions for marketing, sales, and other departments. What are the benefits of using an enhanced CDP for my dealership? There are several clear benefits for dealerships using an enhanced CDP: Eliminate Data Silos – Fullpath’s CDP unifies your siloed first and third-party data sources to create a clear picture of the goings on at your dealership and to establish a single source of truth for all metrics and insights. Compile 360° Shopper Views – Trace every customer touch point with Fullpath’s CDP – from your customer’s first ad or website click, to a vehicle purchase, to their next service appointment, by bringing together your website, CRM and advertising data. Provide Personalized Customer Experiences – Fullpath’s CDP leverages your unified data to personalize every marketing touchpoint on the customer journey based on the individual shopper’s needs and interests. Optimize Your Marketing Efforts – Fullpath’s CDP leverages identity resolution technology to clean and normalize your data, eliminating duplicate leads and creating unified shopper profiles so you can stop marketing to the same lead twice. Engage Your Entire Sales Funnel – Fullpath’s CDP and AI-powered solutions works to engage every shopper at every point of the sales funnel using highly targeted messaging designed to create extended customer journeys and capture more of their lifetime value (LTV). Comply with Data Privacy Regulations– Your dealership is required to be fully compliant with the FTC safeguard rules. Fullpath’s CDP uses top level encryption technology to ensure your data is safe and that you can avoid any legal trouble. Which data sources can be connected to Fullpath’s CDP? Fullpath’s CDP connects your dealership’s website, inventory, CRM, DMS, OEM offers, dealership offers, call tracking, Google search and display ads, and your Facebook ads. Once your data sources are connected, the CDP turns the consolidated data into marketing action that translates into a seamless customer shopping experience. Through Fullpath’s open API you can also integrate data from other automotive technology providers. Fill out this form to schedule a personalized demo today! Get in touch! We'll be in touch ASAP. Feel free to tell us more about you so we can personalize your demo. Our team will be in touch shortly! Sign up for our newsletter! We value privacy and would never spam you. We will only send you important updates about Fullpath. Platform Digital Advertising Website Engagement Audience Activation VINs-Acceleration Equity Customer Data Platform (CDP) Data Up Management System Fullpath's ChatGPT Fullpath's Amazon Resources Whitepapers Blog Case Studies Podcast Help Center Refer a Friend OEM Programs Fullpath Glossary Onboarding Technology How it Works Feature Releases Live Launch The AI-Powered Dealership Integrations Company About Us Newsroom Careers Legal and Trust Center Performance as measured on specific client installations. May vary according to circumstances. Contact us at (216) 242-1320 get.started@fullpath.com support@fullpath.com © 2025 Fullpath. All rights reserved. Fullpath® is a registered trademark of Fullpath Ltd. Get a Demo Fill out this form to schedule a personalized demo today! Get in touch! We'll be in touch ASAP. Feel free to tell us more about you so we can personalize your demo. Our team will be in touch shortly!