Privacy Policy & Opt-Out Service
Privacy Policy Overview

Our Company is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. This Privacy Statement presents our privacy policy, including our privacy practices. Below is information regarding our commitment to protecting the privacy of Internet users.

Information We Collect

We do not collect the online user’s personally identifiable information ("PII") through our Services. Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("Non-PII") may be collected to offer a range of Services that allow advertisers and publishers to show online users the most useful and relevant ads.

Use of Cookies and Pixels

We collect Non-PII through the use of cookies and pixels. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. Cookies are used by our affiliates, service providers or tracking utility company which is not covered by our Privacy Policy.

Disclosure of Information

We do not sell, rent, or share PII collected on our customer’s websites to non-affiliated third parties. Non-PII collected through our Services, and information derived from it, may be disclosed to our customers.

User Choice and Opt-Out

You may at all times adjust your computer’s web browser settings to refuse all cookies or opt out of receiving interest-based advertising.

Information Security

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect against the unauthorized access to, retention of, and disclosure of data. This includes necessary physical, electronic, and management activities required to protect data integrity, access, and use.

Children’s Privacy

Our website, products, and Services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children. If you believe your child has provided us with personally identifiable data, please contact us for removal.

Your Privacy Choices with us

We recognise the importance of privacy for our users. You have the option to prevent your browsing preferences from being gathered in our system, including both manually indicated preferences and those inferred through our network of partners.

To opt out from this domain cookies collection, click the button below. This will place a "no-track" cookie on your device, indicating to us not to tailor advertisements based on your online activity. Note, if you switch devices or browsers, or clear your cookies, you'll need to perform this action again.

Opting out will stop the customization of ads to your interests based on your browsing behavior, but it won't reduce the number of ads you see.

Cookies Opt-Out
Unsubscribing from Push Notifications

If you no longer wish to receive push notifications from our site, you can unsubscribe by following these steps based on the browser you are using:

Google Chrome: Go to 'Settings' > 'Privacy and security' > 'Site Settings' > 'Notifications'. Find our site in the list and click on the three dots to the right, then select 'Remove'.
Firefox: Go to 'Options' > 'Privacy & Security' > 'Permissions' > 'Notifications' > 'Settings'. Find our site, then use the dropdown menu to select 'Block' and save changes.
Safari: Go to 'Safari' > 'Preferences' > 'Websites' tab > 'Notifications'. Find our site in the list and deselect it, then choose 'Deny'.
Microsoft Edge: Go to 'Settings' > 'Site permissions' > 'Notifications'. Find our site, then click on the three dots to the right and select 'Remove'.

Please note that unsubscribing from push notifications is browser-specific. If you use multiple browsers or devices, you will need to repeat these steps for each one.

Contact us