Community
University
Developers
Support
Login
Platform
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Partners
Try for Free
Effortlessly Automate and Secure All Your Endpoints

Automate patching, configuration, and control across your Windows, macOS, and Linux endpoints with a single platform that: 

Delivers 96% more automated patches

Reduces patching errors by 65%

Achieves a 362% three-year ROI

And experience 49% faster troubleshooting and improved security efficiency* – all with a leading provider of Autonomous Endpoint Management.

Get a demo
WHY AUTOMATE IT?
Massive time savings. Massive results.

Join thousands of IT leaders automating the secure patching and management of their Windows, macOS, and Linux devices. And see for yourself how Automox delivers these results:

$230,000

average annual benefit per 1000 devices

362%

3-year ROI

4-month

payback on investment

PATCH
Patch everything, securely and automatically.

96% more patches automated with Automox’s policy-driven patching. Any software, any endpoint, anywhere in the world.
Patch Windows, macOS, and Linux from a single pane of glass. Truly automated patching on hundreds of software titles. Secured by Patch Safe.

Secure, Policy-Driven Automated Patch Management

Rest assured your OS and third-party applications are continuously patched, up-to-date, and secure from vulnerabilities to reduce the risk of cyber attacks.

Learn more 

Cross-Platform Support

Manage your Windows, macOS, and Linux endpoints from the same console, wherever they are in the world.

Learn more 

Single, Lightweight Agent

The lightweight Automox agent consumes minimal system resources and has an imperceptible impact on the end user.

Learn more 

Hundreds of titles.
Thousands of hours saved.
CONFIGURE
Hands-free configuration, everywhere.

Automate any action you can imagine, or pull from our catalog of ready-made Worklets™.

Learn more
Automox Worklets™

Our catalog of Automox Worklets includes many ways for you to automate tasks on your endpoints. If you don't find what you need in the catalog, browse the Community or Ask Otto AI to draft a custom script for you.

Learn more 

Policy-Driven Endpoint Management & Flexible Device Targeting

Automate and enforce all patch management, configuration, deployment, and Worklet tasks – at scale – while targeting specific endpoints by attributes such as hostname, IP address, OS, or Active Directory Organizational Unit.

Learn more 

Painless Software Deployment

Easily deploy, manage, and enforce OS and third-party software for any endpoint anywhere in the world.

Learn more 

CONTROL
Control endpoints, anywhere.

49% faster to troubleshoot device-related issues on your Windows and macOS endpoints and support end users without jumping between (or paying for) other tools.

*IDC White Paper, sponsored by Automox, The Business Value of Automox Patch and Endpoint Management Software, IDC #US52724424, December 2024

Learn more

Overall User Rating

See all reviews
“Great time-saving and effortless product. Constantly improving and providing great support.”

- Director Of Information Technology in the Transportation Industry

AWARDS
See Automox in Action

Get going today — no commitment!

Test drive Automox

Get started with a 15-day free trial.

Start a free trial 
Talk to an expert

Get a personal demo and ask questions.

Schedule a 1:1 demo 

PRODUCT

Overview
Features
Worklets
Pricing
Security

COMPANY

About
Leadership
News
Careers
Diversity in IT
Contact

DOCS

Docs
API
FAQ
Trust

CUSTOMERS

Support
Community
University
Developers
Partners

SOCIAL

X/Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Threads
Reddit
LEGAL
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Master Services Agreement
Cookie Preferences
Copyright © 2025 Automox. AUTOMOX is a registered trademark in the US and other countries.
We utilize cookies to enhance your user experience. For a complete overview of how we use cookies, view our cookies information. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device.
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies