AutoFi — The Digital Online & In-Store Automotive Sales Platform Skip to content It’s Time to Show and Sell! Meet with us at NADA on February 3rd – 6th in Las Vegas! Products Digital Retail Showroom Enterprise: OEM, Lenders, Marketplaces Testimonials Oem Programs Resources Thought Leadership Blog Case Studies Data Insights Podcast Videos Webinars Dealer Tools Marketing Kit Retail Cost Analysis Events Company Contact Us Our Team Careers News X LogIn Book a demo Experience the future of selling. Today. It’s time to deliver a new customer experience that keeps you in control, wins trust, and preserves profit. Watch Video Book a demo We Help You Sell - Everywhere Whether online or in the showroom, AutoFi unifies the customer-facing sales experience, enabling dealers to offer a guided sales process that builds trust and makes it easier to close deals. Website Engage customers online, anytime and anywhere. Learn More Showroom Spend the right amount of time with every customer and simplify the sales process. Learn More OEM or Marketplace Incorporate our finance innovation into your own branded experience. Learn More The Digital Experience Doesn't End Online AutoFi solves everyday problems you actually face A chaotic sales process (online and in the showroom) Delays in presenting numbers plus the back and forth to the desk, result in customers questioning the deal. Lender approval is more challenging than ever Higher interest rates, plus stricter and ever-changing lender policies make it difficult for managers to efficiently choose the right lenders that maximize approval and profit. The trust gap still persists Customers come in skeptical, with a chip on their shoulder from their previous experiences. And the perceived games and lack of transparency only widen the trust gap. A new generation of salespeople (and customers) Gen Z are digital natives and we are sending them into the negotiation with outdated processes that are foreign. AutoFi Helps Solve Dealership Challenges Disconnected Online to Showroom Experience AutoFi’s connected Digital Retail and Showroom experience creates a seamless transition Difficulty balancing experience, control and profit AutoFi delivers multiple pencils in seconds with built-in profit and process controls. Ununiformed, chaotic processes without guardrails to prevent discrepancies and errors AutoFi helps create guardrails that keep deals smooth and profitable. How We Help You Close More Deals Start the Deal Right and Structure with Confidence Structure deals with confidence using one entry point and store-aligned workflows Configurable workflows Deal templates by store rules Smart offer logic Keep the Credit Flow Moving Seamlessly capture and route credit apps with speed and compliance. Integrated credit application Soft/hard pull configuration Real-time lender routing Show the Deal the Right Way Present deals clearly and confidently with guided, customer-facing screens. Guided presentation UI Customer-facing tablet or screen Store-defined pricing logic Simple review and selection Handoff Without Losing Momentum Seamlessly hand off deals to F&I with full clarity and alignment. Visible deal history Shared flow structure Seamless manager/F&I transition and DMS deal push Experience the AutoFi Difference Compliance AutoFi is SOC 2 Type II certified to ensure your customers’ data is secure. Applications can be sent to RouteOne or DealerTrack for compliance or dealers can take advantage of our DSGSS integration that streamlines compliance checks and reduces data entry. Consultation & Training Our team of former dealership leaders will sell side-by-side with your team until they're pros at using our showroom platform. We'll also provide in-depth performance insights and recommendations along with 24/7 access to on-demand videos and guides on how you can maximize your success online and in your showroom. Finance Innovation We know financing! Leverage our direct partnerships with 40+ of the nation’s largest lenders and our proprietary Intelligent Lender Routing technology that routes credit apps to the right lenders with instant decisioning. How We Help You Sell Smarter Land the customer on the right Deal Help your customers understand what they can afford. Plus, identify the right cars that align with their budget. Empower your team to fast-track the deal to F&I Enable your salespeople to immediately present numbers to customers in a guided experience (or a self-guided experience online). Optimize Lender Decisions to get more approvals Take the guesswork out of lender selection and present the optimal lenders that drive more approvals. Level up the new generation Empower Gen Z (and green pea) salespeople to sell more effectively through a technology empowered sales process that is native to them. How We Help You Sell Smarter Land the customer on the right Deal AutoFi’s credit estimator helps the customer understand what they can afford while shopping on the dealership’s website. Plus, pre-qualification and the all-new AutoFind feature in desking , quickly enables a manager to identify the right cars that align with the customer’s financial profile. Empower your team to fast-track the deal to F&I Enable your salespeople to immediately present numbers to customers in a guided experience that gives the customer the perception of control and lowers their defenses. All under built-in guardrails that prevent mistakes and allow for management intervention. Plus, extend your showroom online, offering a self-guided shopping experience that converts website shoppers into buyers. Optimize Lender Decisions to get more approvals Take the guesswork out of lender selection with AutoFi’s Intelligent Lender Routing system, which analyzes millions of transactions, real time lender approval policies, and dealer preferences to present the optimal lenders that drive higher approval rates and profitability. Level up the new generation A new generation is here. AutoFi enables you to engage better with Gen Z and green pea salespeople (and customers) through a technology empowered sales process that is native to them and ensures consistency. Driving Real Results Higher Close Rate Lead Close Rate (vs. Industry average of ~15%) 0 % Showroom Up Close Rate (vs. Industry average of ~25%) 0 % Faster Sales wait time for a first pencil (vs. the typical 15+ mins) 0 min to lock in a deal (first pencil to lender approval) 0 min Convert More Apps of app submissions are approved with AutoFi’s Intelligent Lender Routing (vs. 49% when submitted manually) 0 % Lead Close Rate with an Approved Credit Application 0 % Helping the Whole Industry With a Better Experience What Our Clients Say We are seeing a $500 gross profit lift across the group, across every deal with AutoFi. Chris Morris VP of Operations, Hello Automotive Group With AutoFi, there is no back and forth with the desk. It’s a much easier, faster process. We build trust with the customer by not going back and forth and leaving them alone. Kayla Kody VP of Marketing and Business Development, Richmond Ford Auto Group We are doing deals in less than 60 minutes with significant F&I profit. Joe Seppa VP of Operations, Hello Automotive Group An average deal, start to finish, before AutoFi took about two and a half hours, thankfully we don’t have those anymore. We are 45 minutes, maybe an hour and we are off to the races. Zach Walker General Sales Manager – Ferguson Superstore AutoFi helps you alleviate the time spent working on deals, therefore you can focus more on other things, like dealing with customers, acquiring inventory, training your team, and working on things that help retain your employees. Michael Lucki General Manager Riverhead Mazda Learn how AutoFi can help your dealership today. Book a Demo Products Dealers OEMs Enterprise Resources Testimonials Thought Leadership Company Our Team Careers Trust Status Privacy Policy Need Help? Contact Us ©2025 AutoFi Inc. All rights reserved Products Digital Retailing Showroom Enterprise: OEM, Lenders, Marketplaces Testimonials OEM Programs Acura Audi BMW Ford GM Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Kia Lexus Lincoln Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mitsubishi Clickshop Nissan Porsche Stellantis Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Resources Thought Leadership Blog Case Studies Data Insights Podcast Videos Webinars Dealer Tools Marketing Kit Retail Cost Analysis Events Company Contact Us Our Team Careers News Products Digital Retailing Showroom Enterprise: OEM, Lenders, Marketplaces Testimonials OEM Programs Acura Audi BMW Ford GM Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Kia Lexus Lincoln Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mitsubishi Clickshop Nissan Porsche Stellantis Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Resources Thought Leadership Blog Case Studies Data Insights Podcast Videos Webinars Dealer Tools Marketing Kit Retail Cost Analysis Events Company Contact Us Our Team Careers News Book a demo