Skip to site content
 New to Availity? Get Started
Solutions
Resources
About
Connect
PORTAL LOGIN
    
Removing barriers & friction, making efficiency & interoperability possible
LEARN MORE
Availity’s Intelligent Utilization Management solution delivers on health plans’ ambitious vision for prior authorization reform
GET RESULTS NOW
Verify patient eligibility without leaving the EHR. Real-time coverage checks built into your workflow for better decisions.
BOOST EFFICIENCY
With our Rapid Recovery program, Availity is setting a new standard for business continuity in healthcare
DISCOVER THE NEW STANDARD
Data quality & interoperability in value-based care
READ THE BLOG
Powering the Leaders of Healthcare

From providers to payers to HITs, industry leaders trust Availity to power mission-critical connectivity and innovation. Click on a logo to explore their results.

Healthcare Innovation at Scale

Availity’s differentiated market position, network reach, dual-sided approach deliver unparalleled speed, impact, value

For Providers

Streamlined workflows, secure, reliable connectivity & world-class customer support ensure revenue cycle success

•   Margin and yield improvement
•   Reduced denials and write-offs
•   Accelerated cash flow
•   Reduced labor burnout

LEARN MORE

For Payers

Multi-channel provider engagement, API-first connectivity & industry-leading approach to cybersecurity

•   Accelerated digital adoption
•   Right data, right time
•   Improved precision and reduced waste
•   Deeper network insights


LEARN MORE

For HITs

Nationwide healthcare connectivity & robust developer resources provide a foundation for innovation at scale

•   All-payer and all-provider reach
•   Extensible platform capabilities
•   Developer-first experience
•   Flexible APIs
•   Accelerated speed to value

LEARN MORE
Availity is Where Healthcare Connects

As the nation’s largest dual-sided, real-time healthcare network, Availity brings unparalleled scale & reach

Direct Payer Connectivity

Connected Providers

Connected B2B Partners

in Billed Claims Annually

Providers, payers & HITs look to Availity for…

Collaboration
Leverage Availity as a neutral third party to align industry stakeholders and solve pervasive problems

Network reach
Connect with payers, providers and HITs nationwide through Availity’s real-time health information network

Dual-sided innovation
Reduce friction and drive behavior change with solutions that deliver shared value for payers and providers

Intelligent workflows
Leverage Availity’s AI-enabled platform to automate and transform complex payer/provider workflows

Unified admin & clinical data
Improve care & financial outcomes by integrating administrative and clinical data into key workflows

Improved accuracy
“Shift left” to proactively resolve issues upstream by to eliminate costly rework
and lost value 

Market-leading digital payer/provider collaboration platform

Delivering innovative solutions for complex payer/provider engagement & workflow automation 

Support end-to-end healthcare transactions – from eligibility, authorizations, claims, remittances and beyond
Unify administrative, clinical and financial workflows across the healthcare ecosystem
Provide unparalleled extensibility, insight and value through a single technology foundation
Drive transparency, accuracy and speed across the healthcare continuum
Leverage the Availity network to accelerate innovation at scale
Built for Better Healthcare

Removing barriers & friction, making efficiency & interoperability possible

Seamless, smart connectivity
Connected healthcare at scale
“Integrated” vs. “Integrate”
It’s time to find a better way
with Availity.
CONNECT WITH US

Regulatory Compliance
Memberships
Responsible Disclosure
Supplier Code of Conduct
Portal Login
© Copyright 2025 Availity, LLC. All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy  Terms of Use
    

Availity is the place where healthcare finds the answers needed to shift focus back to patient care. By solving the communication challenges between healthcare stakeholders, Availity creates a richer, more transparent exchange of information among health plans, providers, and technology partners. As the nation’s largest health information network, Availity facilitates over 13 billion clinical, administrative, and financial transactions annually. The company’s suite of dynamic products, built on a powerful, intelligent platform, enables real-time collaboration for success in a competitive, value-based care environment.

Cookie Consent & Preferences
This Site uses Cookies to collect certain information related to your use of our Site, which may include Personal Information. Cookies enable our Site to recognize you or your computer when you return to our Site. We may utilize third parties to send and manage Cookies. By default, strictly necessary and performance cookies may be enabled. If we have detected an opt-out preference signal, then it will be honored. For optimal use, please select your preferences before proceeding. Further information is available in theAvaility Privacy Policy.
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Preferences