Tax Compliance Software - Avalara | Avalara Agentic AI Solutions Products Partners Resources About Support Get started 232104972093852738r529831=cta1:7015a000001irEvAAI:lightgreen 232104972093852738r529831=cta1:7015a000001irEvAAI:lightgreen Sales phone_number Support Sign In Tax type Sales and use Compliance management for state and local taxes Property Real and personal property tax management Consumer use Self-assessment for buyer-owed taxes Communications Tax management for connected devices and services Occupancy Tax automation for short-term rental properties VAT Streamline VAT determination, e‑invoicing, and reporting Business sizes Small Tax management for small business owners Midsize Compliance tools for your accounting team Enterprise Omnichannel tax management at scale Business needs Tax risk assessment Products to estimate where you have tax obligations Tax calculation Cloud-based products for a variety of tax types Returns Filing solutions for all business types Exemption certificates Tax exemption document management E-Invoicing Global e-invoicing and live reporting Cross-border Compliance for international taxes and duties Business licenses Registration and licensing for businesses of all sizes Point of sale Updated tax content for commercial transactions 1099 and W-9 forms IRS forms management Industries Manufacturing Distributors, warehouses, and manufacturers Retail Brick-and-mortar and ecommerce sellers Software SaaS, subscriptions, and digital products and services Hospitality Hotels, resort properties, and chains Short-term rentals Short-term rental property Accounting Small, medium, and large accounting firms and practices Communications Telecom, IT, VoIP, cable, and other connected services Government and public sector State and local governments and agencies Supply chain and logistics International traders, shippers, and suppliers Private equity and venture capital Buyout, growth equity, venture, and credit investors Fuel & Energy Automated tax compliance for fuel and energy industries Tobacco & Vape Automated tax compliance for tobacco and vape tax. See all Solutions Core products and services Avalara AvaTax Our flagship tax calculation service Avalara AvaTax for Accounts Payable Automated use tax compliance for your purchasing process Avalara Returns Returns preparation and filing products VAT Returns & Reporting Automate VAT return preparation, filing, and compliance Avalara E-Invoicing and Live Reporting International e-invoicing and reporting compliance Avalara Exemption Certificate Management Document management for tax-exempt sales Overview Our platform The Avalara platform for tax and compliance Tax software demos See how Avalara products work Pricing FAQ How Avalara determines pricing for your business Additional products and services Avalara Sales Tax Risk Assessment Nexus risk assessment for selling to the U.S. Avalara Business Licenses Licensing and registration across the U.S. Avalara Tax Research Plain-language answers to tax questions Item Classification Simplify taxability categorization with the power of AI Avalara Cross-Border Classification, VAT, GST, and customs management Tariff Code Classification Automate tariff code classification with AI Avalara 1099 & W9 E-filing with the IRS, states, and recipients Avalara Property Tax Real and personal property tax compliance Streamlined Sales Tax Program 25 states cover the costs for qualified sellers Avalara Capital Flexible financing for compliance and growth Integrations and APIs Shopify Microsoft NetSuite SAP Quickbooks Sage Adobe Commerce BigCommerce WooCommerce Salesforce Oracle See all integrations Our APIs Explore our API features and functionality See all products and services Existing partners Partner Portal Log in to submit referrals, view financial statements, and marketing resources Submit an opportunity Earn incentives when you submit a qualified opportunity Partner programs Become a partner Accountant, consulting, and technology partners Become a Certified Implementer Support, online training, and continuing education Awards Celebrating partner growth and innovation Find a partner Avalara Certified Implementers Recommended Avalara implementation partners Developers Preferred Avalara integration developers Accountants State and local tax experts across the U.S. Integrations Connect to ERPs, ecommerce platforms, and other business systems Tools U.S. sales tax calculator Address-based sales tax calculator U.S. sales tax rate tables Rates updated each month U.S. sales tax risk assessment Economic nexus self-assessment Lodging tax rate lookup Address-based lodging tax calculator Business license assessment Licensing requirements questionnaire Featured Avalara Tax Changes 2026 Clear information about complex issues State of Finance Our market trends report Forrester Total Economic Impact™ An independent, commissioned study Interactive demos Your guided tours to automated tax compliance Learning Resource center Tools, webinars, guides, and more Blog Tax insights and updates for North America Events Online and in-person industry events Webinars Live and on-demand tax analysis sessions Customer stories Testimonials from Avalara customers Implementation Developer resources Documentation, tools, guides, and other resources Product documentation Release notes, product guides, and more Training Avalara University self-guided training Support On-demand technical support and reporting Country and state resources December tax updates Stay ahead on indirect tax insights Country guides Global VAT, GST, and sales tax requirements Streamlined Sales Tax program State-supported sales tax compliance help U.S. sales tax rates Interactive map of U.S. sales tax rates U.S. sales tax nexus thresholds Nexus guides and triggers by state Business license guides State license requirements Lodging tax rates Address-based calculator for lodging tax rates Lodging tax guides State lodging tax compliance guides Wine shipping tax rates Direct-to-consumer wine shipping guide About Why Avalara What makes Avalara unique Leadership The Avalara executive team Locations Our global offices Press Press releases and media coverage Jobs Career opportunities Avalara launches Avi and a network of secure compliance agents — read the press release Agentic Tax and Compliance™, trusted and built to scale Let agentic AI do the tax work. Avalara automates your compliance tasks for speed, accuracy, and scale. Learn more Talk to us Agentic Tax and Compliance™, trusted and built to scale Let agentic AI do the tax work. Avalara automates your compliance tasks for speed, accuracy, and scale. INTEGRATIONS Purpose-built for the systems you use — today and tomorrow Avalara has over 1,400 signed partner integrations with leading ERPs, ecommerce, point-of-sale, marketplace, and other financial systems. And with our open API, you can connect with virtually any system that’s not already prebuilt. View more integrations Explore the API Join 43,000+ customers across 75+ countries using Avalara. Compliance solutions We help solve your tax compliance problems With automation that makes it easier to manage sales tax returns and reporting, technology that enables growth and cross-border sales, and products that streamline compliance in purchasing, our solutions support every aspect of your business. Explore solutions Video: Avalara supports your business with end-to-end tax compliance solutions. Avalara tax desk How can businesses prepare for tariff updates? Learn more about the Trump tariffs and how your business can adapt to the changing dynamics of cross-border duties and tariffs. Read more Avalara tax desk How can businesses prepare for tariff updates? Learn more about the Trump tariffs and how your business can adapt to the changing dynamics of cross-border duties and tariffs. Cross-border Chart a course for global success See how Avalara AvaTax calculates sales and use tax, VAT, GST, and customs duties and import taxes to help maintain tax compliance wherever you do business. See international solutions Video: Watch how AvaTax calculates sales and use tax, VAT, GST, and customs duties and import taxes. WHAT CAN YOU GAIN? The Total Economic Impact™ of Avalara study Avalara commissioned Forrester Consulting to evaluate the ROI, cost savings, and benefits of Avalara tax automation and compliance software solutions. A composite organization representative of interviewed customers saw. Go to study 90% increase in tax research efficiency 90% increase in tax research efficiency 85% reduction in time spent managing tax returns 85% reduction in time spent managing tax returns 50% reduction in time spent on exemption certificate management 50% reduction in time spent on exemption certificate management 85% increase in audit preparation efficiency 85% increase in audit preparation efficiency Don’t let gaps in your W-9 and 1099 workflow put you at risk Safeguard your 1099 compliance with IRS e-filing, state e-filing, recipient delivery, TIN matching, W-9 management, and more — all in one solution. Take the tour Don’t let gaps in your W-9 and 1099 workflow put you at risk Safeguard your 1099 compliance with IRS e-filing, state e-filing, recipient delivery, TIN matching, W-9 management, and more — all in one solution. Customer stories See what our customers say “I knew we needed a software solution that was easy to use, easy to plug in, and had the back-end side of tax compliance Zillow Group needed.” Jason Heckel Senior Director of Tax , Zillow Read the Zillow story “I knew we needed a software solution that was easy to use, easy to plug in, and had the back-end side of tax compliance Zillow Group needed.” Jason Heckel Senior Director of Tax , Zillow “The custom solution we developed with Avalara was an absolute game-changer.” Brad Caproni Director of Global Indirect Tax, Groupon Read the Groupon story “The custom solution we developed with Avalara was an absolute game-changer.” Brad Caproni Director of Global Indirect Tax, Groupon View all customers stories Resources and news BLOG Will agentic AI replace SaaS? Avalara agentic AI doesn’t just support tax and compliance tasks, it actually does the work. Discover how it all works and why it’s time to bring agentic AI into your workflows. 232104972093852738r529831=cta1:7015a000001irEvAAI:lightgreen Read the article BLOG Will agentic AI replace SaaS? Avalara agentic AI doesn’t just support tax and compliance tasks, it actually does the work. Discover how it all works and why it’s time to bring agentic AI into your workflows. REPORT IDC MarketScape Avalara has been named a Leader in tax compliance automation for enterprise, SMB, VAT, and e-invoicing. 232104972093852738r529831=cta1:7015a000001irEvAAI:lightgreen Read the excerpts REPORT IDC MarketScape Avalara has been named a Leader in tax compliance automation for enterprise, SMB, VAT, and e-invoicing. BLOG Why your sales tax software needs an ROI study Tax compliance software makes things easier, but is it saving you money? Learn about the return on investment you could see with compliance automation. 232104972093852738r529831=cta1:7015a000001irEvAAI:lightgreen Read the article BLOG Why your sales tax software needs an ROI study Tax compliance software makes things easier, but is it saving you money? Learn about the return on investment you could see with compliance automation. 232104972093852738r529831=cta1:7015a000001irEvAAI:lightgreen View resource center Ready to see what Avalara can do? Schedule a demo to see our solution. Request a demo About us Why Avalara Why automate Streamlined Sales Tax Program Customer stories Avalara leadership Avalara careers Become a partner Become a developer Press Locations Sitemap Products & Services AvaTax Returns Compliance documents Tax software demos All products Products & Services Integrations Adobe Commerce Microsoft Dynamics NetSuite QuickBooks Sage Shopify Stripe Invoicing Zuora Browse integrations Contact us phone_number Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. PT Resources Support Avalara University Knowledge Center Whitepapers Events Webinars Sales tax calculator State sales tax rates Global Sites United States (English) Brasil (Português) Europe (English) India (English) Germany (German) France (French) Spain (Español) Italy (Italiano) Terms Privacy Cookies Corporate Compliance Avalara, Inc. 2025