Products
Solutions
Services
Resources
Company
Contact us
AVAYA INFINITY
Contact happens once. Connection is forever.

Avaya unifies fragmented experiences, transforming the contact center from a tool for surface-level interaction to the center of customer connection.

Explore Avaya Infinity
MODEL CONTEXT PROTOCOL
Say hello to MCP

The future is open. We’re building the Avaya Infinity platform to support Model Context Protocol and delivering an open, AI-power ecosystem for creating connections.

See how
THOUGHT LEADERSHIP
Avaya CEO, Patrick Dennis, on redefining the contact center

In a recent interview with CX Foundation, Patrick Dennis spoke about the path for Avaya customers that leads to intelligent CX orchestration and human-AI collaboration.

Watch now
AVAYA INFINITY
Contact happens once. Connection is forever.

Avaya unifies fragmented experiences, transforming the contact center from a tool for surface-level interaction to the center of customer connection.

Explore Avaya Infinity
AVAYA INFINITY

Transform the contact center into the center of customer connection

MODEL CONTEXT PROTOCOL

Deliver an open, AI-powered ecosystem for creating connections

THOUGHT LEADERSHIP

Learn more about intelligent orchestration and human-AI collaboration

Connection transforms experience

Use AI and intelligent orchestration to connect the enterprise channels, insights, technologies and workflows that create exceptional relationships. 

Push play to see what connection is all about.

Connect channels

Bring voice and digital interaction channels together so communication flows seamlessly.

Connect insights

Combine fragmented customer knowledge to unlock preferences and speed smarter decisions.


Connect technologies

Unify AI, applications and systems into a single ecosystem that keeps your business agile.

Connect workflows

Integrate and seamlessly orchestrate every workflow to power instant action and impact.



Avaya Infinity: Driving intelligent orchestration and creating connections

Learn about strengthening customer relationships and building business value.

Read the eBook
opens in a new tab
Leading enterprises worldwide gain an experience advantage with Avaya
Johns Hopkins Healthcare System (JHHS) connects the patient experience

JHHS and Avaya join forces to unify enterprise siloes, integrating the JHHS Electronic Health Records system and Contact Center in inventive ways that drive more personal, efficient and satisfying patient experiences.


Read the story
We bring customer and employee experiences together to drive business transformation

Contact Center solutions
Unified Communications solutions
Create seamless customer experiences across all channels

Connect with customers wherever they are – phone, chat, email, social – all from one platform. Orchestrate end-to-end customer journeys that blend AI, self-service and live assistance to forge unbreakable customer bonds.

Explore CC solutions
The world’s leading organizations trust Avaya
Explore our platform

10/10

Ten of the top 10 global commercial and savings banks trust Avaya contact center solutions.

115

Federal/National governments in 115 countries rely on Avaya.

11
K

More than 11,000 health care organizations around the world trust Avaya.

Resources to go beyond contact to connection

VIDEO

Avaya Infinity with MCP–Achieving AI-powered contact center intelligence

Provides orchestration at a higher level that coordinates and manages the entire workflow.

Watch demo

REPORT

Forrester report: The future of AI-powered CX

Explore how AI is redefining customer experiences and reshaping how businesses engage, support and connect with customers to drive business growth.

Read the report

BLOG

Exploring customer journey orchestration as a competitive differentiator

Customer journey orchestration allows companies to turn customer experience into measurable outcomes.

Read the blog
Ready to build unbreakable connections?
Contact us

Strengthen the customer connections that build business value for your organization. 

Contact us

PRODUCTS

Avaya Infinity Platform
Unified Communications
Devices Catalog

SERVICES & SUPPORT

Support
opens in a new tab
Documentation
opens in a new tab
Services
Partner Locator

COMPANY

About
Careers
Investor Relations
Avaya Trust Center
Executive Briefing Centers
Voice of the Customer
Legal Center
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy
Cookies
Trademarks
Accessibility
© 2025 Avaya LLC
opens in a new tab
opens in a new tab
opens in a new tab