Avaya | Contact Center Solutions & Cloud Communications Products CONTACT CENTER Avaya Infinity Platform A comprehensive enterprise CX platform designed for the AI age. UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS Communication & Collaboration Enhance productivity and foster connectivity across your business. Avaya Cloud Office Avaya IP Office Avaya Aura Avaya Aura Private Cloud Solutions BY INDUSTRY Healthcare Education Financial Services Media and Entertainment Government BY USE CASE Improve customer experience Increase employee engagement Drive business growth AI virtual agents Remote contact center Services Resources Resources Library Explore our Resources Library—your go-to hub for quick tips, deep dives, and insights—all in one place. Explore resources DISCOVER Blogs Customer Stories Videos Newsroom Events SUPPORT Customer Support APIs and SDKs Partner Locator eBook Avaya Infinity: Driving intelligent orchestration and creating connections Read the eBook Company Search Languages English Français Deutsch Italiano Español 日本語 Contact us Languages English Français Deutsch Italiano Español 日本語 Search Contact us Avaya Infinity Contact happens once. Connection is forever. Avaya unifies fragmented experiences, transforming the contact center from a tool for surface-level interaction to the center of customer connection. Explore Avaya Infinity MODEL CONTEXT PROTOCOL Say hello to MCP The future is open. We’re building the Avaya Infinity platform to support Model Context Protocol and delivering an open, AI-power ecosystem for creating connections. See how THOUGHT LEADERSHIP Avaya CEO, Patrick Dennis, on redefining the contact center In a recent interview with CX Foundation, Patrick Dennis spoke about the path for Avaya customers that leads to intelligent CX orchestration and human-AI collaboration. Watch now AVAYA INFINITY Transform the contact center into the center of customer connection MODEL CONTEXT PROTOCOL Deliver an open, AI-powered ecosystem for creating connections THOUGHT LEADERSHIP Learn more about intelligent orchestration and human-AI collaboration Connection transforms experience Use AI and intelligent orchestration to connect the enterprise channels, insights, technologies and workflows that create exceptional relationships. Push play to see what connection is all about. Connect channels Bring voice and digital interaction channels together so communication flows seamlessly. Connect insights Combine fragmented customer knowledge to unlock preferences and speed smarter decisions. Connect technologies Unify AI, applications and systems into a single ecosystem that keeps your business agile. Connect workflows Integrate and seamlessly orchestrate every workflow to power instant action and impact. Avaya Infinity: Driving intelligent orchestration and creating connections Learn about strengthening customer relationships and building business value. Read the eBook Leading enterprises worldwide gain an experience advantage with Avaya Johns Hopkins Healthcare System (JHHS) connects the patient experience JHHS and Avaya join forces to unify enterprise siloes, integrating the JHHS Electronic Health Records system and Contact Center in inventive ways that drive more personal, efficient and satisfying patient experiences. Read the story By combining empathy with ease, Aflac raises the experience bar Aflac deploys innovative Avaya technologies including AI agent assist to increase ease of interaction and decrease handling time for customers facing stressful life events and the Aflac employees working hard to support them. Read the story Florida State University (FSU) strengthens global university community FSU taps Avaya’s flexible solutions to integrate and transition disparate, geographically distributed systems to the cloud, accelerating the university’s vision for a more unified, simple communications environment that better connects and serves its community. Read the story Access Bank leverages Avaya technology to double its customer base by 2027 The bank uses a hybrid system combining Avaya Experience Platform On-Prem for voice, video banking, routing, and analytics with AXP Public Cloud for digital channels and chatbot integration, creating a unified customer engagement platform. Read the story We bring customer and employee experiences together to drive business transformation Contact Center solutions Unified Communications solutions Contact Center solutions Create seamless customer experiences across all channels Connect with customers wherever they are – phone, chat, email, social – all from one platform. Orchestrate end-to-end customer journeys that blend AI, self-service and live assistance to forge unbreakable customer bonds. Explore CC solutions Unified Communications solutions Elevate employee productivity and accelerate growth Unlock the full potential of AI to boost workplace innovation and performance. Connect your teams with integrated, next-gen tools that support seamless communication across channels, enhance collaboration and drive business agility at scale. Explore UC Solutions The world’s leading organizations trust Avaya Explore our platform 10/10 Ten of the top 10 global commercial and savings banks trust Avaya contact center solutions. 115 Federal/National governments in 115 countries rely on Avaya. 11 K More than 11,000 health care organizations around the world trust Avaya. Resources to go beyond contact to connection Video Avaya Infinity with MCP–Achieving AI-powered contact center intelligence Provides orchestration at a higher level that coordinates and manages the entire workflow. Watch demo Report Forrester report: The future of AI-powered CX Explore how AI is redefining customer experiences and reshaping how businesses engage, support and connect with customers to drive business growth. Read the report Blog Exploring customer journey orchestration as a competitive differentiator Customer journey orchestration allows companies to turn customer experience into measurable outcomes. Read the blog Ready to build unbreakable connections? Contact us Strengthen the customer connections that build business value for your organization. Contact us PRODUCTS Avaya Infinity Platform Unified Communications Devices Catalog SERVICES & SUPPORT Support Documentation Services Partner Locator COMPANY About Careers Investor Relations Avaya Trust Center Executive Briefing Centers Voice of the Customer Legal Center Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Trademarks Accessibility © 2025 Avaya LLC