Aviator Studio – Original Crash Game Experience About Us Demo Home Concept Why Us? Compliance FAQ Aviator Studio – The Original Crash
Game Experience Aviator Studio is a game provider focused on delivering engaging and
      innovative gaming experiences, starting with the game Aviator. This game
      is crafted with a unique multiplayer experience, thrilling high-RTP
      gameplay, and an engaging visual & sound design that sets it apart.
      innovative gaming experiences, starting with the game Aviator. This game
      is crafted with a unique multiplayer experience, thrilling high-RTP
      gameplay, and an engaging visual & sound design that sets it apart. Contact Us The concept is simple but electrifying: Watch the multiplier rise Cash out before the plane flies away Use strategy to maximize your winnings Aviator offers single and double betting modes, auto bet and auto cash-out
    features, and detailed game statistics—giving players full control over
    their strategy. Whether you’re a high-risk thrill-seeker or a cautious
    strategist, Aviator delivers an unmatched gaming experience. The Official Aviator Game Aviator, the original crash game, delivers a thrilling experience built
        on a foundation of fairness, security, and gameplay integrity. One and
        only fully licensed Aviator brand establishes a trusted environment
        where players can engage with confidence. It's more than just a game.
        It's a community-driven experience that sets the standard for
        high-adrenaline gameplay. Aviator Studio, through the official licensed Aviator branding, is
        committed to expanding this experience with new and innovative games in
        the future, continuing to push the boundaries of online gaming. Why Choose Aviator? High RTP% for fair and exciting gameplay Innovative single & double bet strategies Auto cash-out & real-time statistics Fully licensed brand It’s time to experience the game as it was meant to be played. Join us and
      take off with Aviator—the original crash game! For business inquiries and casino partnerships, contact us at Contact Us Any Questions? We Can Help You How was the brand Aviator created? First use of Aviator as a brand in gambling industry took place in
            2015 when City Loft LLC established a company which ran one of the
            most popular online gambling platforms in Georgia, adjarabet.com. In 2016-2017 under the instructions of City Loft LLC, various
            designers worked on the design and logo of Casino Aviator, a land
            casino which operated in 2018-2019. When did the first use of Aviator brand in gambling take place? First use of Aviator brand in gambling took place in the beginning
            of 2018 when land casino Aviator was opened in Tbilisi and soon
            after its opening, a live stream from the casino was placed on
            Adjarabet platform using the same branding. Who owns Aviator branding now? On May 03, 2022, City Loft LLC, which had sold its online gambling
            business Adjarabet to Flutter Entertainment Plc, transferred all
            Aviator-related IP (trademark registrations and copyright on the
            image below) to its current holder Aviator LLC (404612610), which
            since 2022 runs a slots business under the said trademarks and uses
            the said logo for its business. What rights does Aviator Studio own on Aviator branding? Aviator Studio owns a worldwide exclusive license to use Aviator
            branding in the gambling industry except for Georgia. Why did Spribe OU start using Aviator branding as the name and visual
          part of the crash game? Spribe OU was established on 08.08.2018, clearly after Aviator
            branding had been used in the gambling industry. In 2018, in
            cooperation with the Adjarabet platform, newly formed SPRIBE created
            the crash game, exclusively launched on Adjarabet. SPRIBE was
            instructed to use the name Aviator and airplane image but was never
            granted rights to use them outside the platform. On January 24, 2024, the court issued a preliminary injunction
            forbidding its use until the dispute on IP infringement was
            resolved. What is the current status of the dispute between Aviator LLC and
          Spribe OU regarding ownership of AVIATOR IP? Despite not having rights to the Aviator name or image, SPRIBE
            applied for trademarks in multiple jurisdictions, including Georgia.
            In 2024, Aviator LLC initiated invalidation actions against these
            registrations. reg. no. 35671, registration date: 11.07.2022, class 9: computer software; registration link reg. no: 37550; registration date: 12.11.2023; classes 9 and 41; registration link On August 20, 2024, the court invalidated SPRIBE’s trademarks for
            bad faith registration and copyright infringement. This decision was
            upheld on February 17, 2025. Similar actions are ongoing in EUIPO
            and the UK. Aviator Studio Limited is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority, holding a gaming supplier licence (MGA/CC/XXX), effective from [insert date] to supply Type 1 games. Registered Office: Quad Central, Q3, Level 1, Office 5, Triq l-Esportaturi, Birkirkara,
    CBD 1040, Malta. For business inquiries or support, contact us.