Skip to main content
Products
Industries
Customer Stories
Resources
Partners
GET A QUOTE
Search
English
Support
Sign in
Scalable security. Leading analytics.

Easy-to-use, integrated solutions for faster responses and future-proof protection.

2026 PHYSICAL SECURITY GUIDE
Powerful intelligence. Intuitive by design.

Proactive analytics for smarter detection, faster verification and enhanced safety.

EXPLORE AI ANALYTICS
See farther. Move faster.

The H6A PTZ camera gives you real-time control and long-range detail to stay ahead of security threats.

VIEW PRODUCT
Secure, compliant visitor access

Try Avigilon Alta Visitor free for 30 days. Transform visitor access with faster check-ins and complete guest oversight.

EXPLORE VISITOR
Discover Avigilon
Unlock smarter security
Our newest camera
Try Visitor for free

Trusted by 100,000+ organizations globally

A leader in scalable security solutions

The Avigilon security suite provides a complete portfolio of end-to-end video security products and services, powered by intelligence, so you can react faster when it matters most.

Video management
Video security
Access control
AI and analytics
Flexible, AI-powered software

Avigilon’s video management systems integrate cameras, access and analytics through a centralized, intuitive platform. Gain smarter, more efficient control of your sites with AI-powered insights and complete situational awareness.

Unified security with AI video and access
Manage from anywhere with a cloud VMS
AI-powered instant alerts for faster action
See VMS solutions

Versatile cameras for all needs

Get powerful imaging, AI analytics and cloud connectivity with Avigilon’s video security cameras. Designed to adapt to any environment, these advanced devices deliver precise details, intelligent detection and remote visibility for complete site security.

High-res imaging for every scenario
Accurate people and vehicle detection
Access video remotely from the cloud
See video security solutions

Advanced security technology

Secure every entry with Avigilon’s access control solutions. Our on-premise and cloud-native solutions provide enterprise-grade security for any number of users and sites, while simplifying management and supporting seamless integration.

Reliable devices, locks and credentials
Grant access and manage sites remotely
Integrates with your security tools
See access control solutions

Focus on what matters most

With constant video data streaming, Avigilon’s AI analytics highlight what matters most. Quickly identify critical events, reduce investigation time and take action faster with integrated video and access control insights.

Real-time alerts for proactive response
Save time with AI-powered video search
Integrated insights for efficient operations
See AI and analytics solutions

Tailored solutions for your industry

See how people and organizations around the world are better protected with Avigilon’s end-to-end video security and access control solutions.

Education

Ensuring a safe learning environment to protect what matters most.

Learn More
Healthcare

Protecting patients, staff and visitors with solutions for healthcare's complex challenges.
 

Learn More
Commercial

Keeping your commercial buildings, offices and real estate complexes safe and secure.
 

Learn More
Government

Meeting global government compliance and built on trusted, cybersecure platforms.
 

Learn More
VIEW ALL INDUSTRIES
Our customer stories

Hear how Avigilon’s security solutions have enabled organizations globally to help keep their people, properties and assets safe and secure.

Rogers Public Schools

“The impact of using Avigilon Unity was immediate. We saw a great improvement in image quality from our cameras, and the video analytics have enhanced site coverage.”

- Dan Caley, Facilities Director at Rogers Public Schools
Read this case study
SSM Health

“We went from having an outdated VMS, ineffective access control and insufficient alarm capability to the exact opposite. It’s a huge game-changer for us.”

- Todd Miller, System Vice President, Security at SSM Health
Read this case study
Domino’s

“I became excited right away for the ease of use and the benefits for our operations. Now, I get compliments from employees instead of complaints.”

- Jim Moran, Area Supervisor at Domino’s
Read this case study
City of Kelowna

“Avigilon Unity helps us quickly respond to incidents. Our response time was 15 minutes. Now it’s just four minutes. That’s the difference that can help save lives.”

- Alan Budde, Security and Business Continuity Manager at City of Kelowna
Read this case study
Reagan Institute

“With Avigilon, we get the high-level security and control that’s expected in D.C., and the wave-to-unlock feature works seamlessly. It’s like magic.”

- Mark Fitzpatrick, CTO at the Reagan Institute
Read this case study
Discover more Avigilon

Stay one step ahead with valuable guides, helpful checklists and industry trends.

Buyer’s guides
Checklists
Industry insights
How to choose the right business security cameras

Compare commercial video surveillance components, camera types and management systems to protect your site.

Read more
Finding the best door access control system

Explore top features and system types to help you make the right investment.

Read more
The benefits of touchless access control

Learn how a touchless entry solution can streamline your building’s security.

Read more
View all guides
Physical security assessment and checklist

Audit your building's security posture with our complete checklist.

Download now
Access control system checklist

Make the right access control investment using our guide.

Download now
Video analytics checklist

Understand how to optimize your AI analytics for smarter video security.

Download now
View all guides
The future of AI-powered physical security

Understand the impact of recent advancements in machine learning and analytics on security solutions.

Learn more
Data center security challenges and technology trends

Discover the latest in data center security, including the adoption of AI analytics and smart sensor solutions for robust protection.

Learn more
Top access control trends

Explore the leading access control technology that businesses globally are leveraging for simple, secure entry.

Learn more
View all guides
Compliance and certifications

Our end-to-end security solutions are compliant with global government regulations and built on a trusted, cybersecure platform ‒ all designed to help you focus on what matters most.

SAFETY Act Designation
NDAA Compliant
SOC2 Type II
ISO 27001+ Certified
Have questions? We can help

Our video security experts can help you implement the right security system for your business.

Join the Conversation:
ABOUT US
About
Contact Us
Office Locations
Executive Committee
Boards of Directors
Data Processing
Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion
Environmental, Social & Corporate Governance
Foundation
Suppliers
Terms of Service
PARTNERS
Reseller Partner
Become a Partner
Application Catalog
Application Developer Program
Partner Support
INVESTORS
Investors Relations
Corporate Governance
Events & Presentations
Financial Information
Stock Information
NEWSROOM
Newsroom
Events
Media Contacts
News Releases
TRAININGS
Product & Systems Training
CAREERS
Careers
COMMUNITY
Support
Blog
MOTOROLA, MOTO, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC and are used under license. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
© 2025 Motorola Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Statement
Communication Preference
Your California Privacy Choices
Cookie Preferences