Big savings. Strong online security: 45% off Avira Prime >
Skip to Main Content
Products & Services
Support
Blog
English
My Account
Award-winning cybersecurity, powered by 1 click
The new Avira Free Security for macOS

All-in-one security, privacy, and performance app

Designed for Mac with the very latest technologies

Includes free antivirus, VPN, password management, and more

Free download
100% free. We don't sell your data.
Discover Avira Free Security
for Mac

Avira Free Security is built entirely on Apple's latest technology stack, making it the safest, lightest and most Mac native security application we ever built.

 

MALWARE PROTECTION

Provides real-time protection against malware and online threats. Run a quick of full system scan with just one click.

FREE VPN

Secures and anonymizes your online activities and helps you keep your data private. Up to 1 GB/month.

PROTECTION CLOUD

Send files that might contain malware to Avira's Protection Cloud for in-depth analysis, powered by AI.

PASSWORD MANAGER

Our Password Manager secures your online accounts with strong, unique passwords.

JUNK REMOVER

Free up space on your Mac by checking duplicate files and removing them with one click.

QUARANTINE MANAGEMENT

Check and manage suspicious files that have been preemptively quarantined. Block potential threats instantly.

CONFIGURATOR

Configure and optimize your antivirus. Enjoy a fully customizable and user-friendly experience.

1
2
Enhance your Mac's performance

Avira Free Security provides real-time protection with very low memory usage. Built on Apple's native tech stack, it protects your Mac from the latest threats and keeps it running smooth and fast.

 

Full scan: run lightning fast system scans.
Junk remover: free up storage space.
Configurator: optimize your scans for peak performance.
Stay safe online: shop, bank, and browse with confidence

Avira Free Security includes tools that help you stay safe online. Generate unhackable passwords and log in automatically to your accounts with our Password Manager. Browse securely and privately with free VPN and prevent apps and browsers from tracking you.

 

Password Manager
Free VPN
Tracker remover
What the reviews say about us

"One of the very few ultra-light Mac security apps, Avira was built from the ground up using Apple’s own programming language and is fully compatible with Big Sur." 

"Avira strikes a nice balance between ease of use
and quick access to advanced utilities." 

1
2
Laptop, smartphone or tablet?

Secure all your devices with Avira

Free Antivirus for Windows 	
Free Antivirus for Mac 	
Free Antivirus for Android 	
Free Mobile
Security for iOS 
LOOKING FOR PREMIUM ANTIVIRUS?
Discover Avira Prime
for Mac and Windows
Free essentials or ultimate protection?
FREE SECURITY SUITE
Because antivirus on its own is no longer enough
Download for free
Download for free
Download for free
Download for free

 

Free Antivirus
Free VPN (500 MB/month)
Avira Browser Safety
AVIRA PRIME – OUR ULTIMATE PACKAGE
Exclusive access to all our premium services, today and tomorrow
US$87.99 / Year(-45%)
Automatically renews at US$87.99 / year, unless the renewal is cancelled. Price subject to change.
Subscription details below.*
Subscribe now
$ 47.99 / First Year
Automatically renews at US$87.99 / year, unless the renewal is cancelled. Savings compared to the renewal price. Subscription details below.*
Learn more 
Premium antivirus protection
Unlimited VPN
Password Manager Pro
Powerful browser extensions
All premium mobile apps from Avira
VIP customer support
About Avira

Cybersecurity solutions that stand the test of time

Avira has been developing cybersecurity solutions for over 30 years. Our products have received top awards for protection, performance, and repair capabilities.

Private by design: We don't sell your data

Unlike most security vendors, Avira doesn't sell your data and never will. Nor do we share your data with 3rd parties such as government, Big Tech or advertising networks.

Learn more about cyber safety
From the blog
Pharming: How to protect yourself from internet scams
If your WhatsApp account’s been hacked, here’s how to get it back
The definitive guide to keyloggers: Protect yourself!
Ransomware: When blackmail goes digital
Visit our blog

How to protect your devices from malware

Learn more about malware

How to recognize and avoid phishing scams

Learn more about phishing

How to use a VPN for secure and anonymous browsing

How to block spyware and protect your privacy online

Learn more about spyware

Everything you need to secure your Mac — for free.

Free download
Boost security and performance, on all common operating systems
Free optimizer and free security software for more cyber protection, online privacy, and performance

At Avira, we believe that everyone should enjoy a safer and more private digital life—anytime, anywhere. That's why we provide free software for your online security and privacy, plus performance enhancement—for Windows, Mac, Android, and iOs devices. Our Avira Free Antivirus is a great place to start if it’s just free software security you’re after: It offers cloud-based, real-time protection to help block a huge range of online threats and malware, including the latest viruses, Trojans, and ransomware.

If you love surfing online, consider this free, discreet add-on that helps secure your browsing and can protect your privacy: Avira Browser Safety (for Opera, Firefox, and Microsoft Edge) was designed to shield you from dangerous and phishing websites, malicious advertisements, and online tracking. It highlights infected sites in your search results, so you’re forewarned. Plus, its anti-tracking capabilities can help prevent ad networks from monitoring your online activities. It also helps stop potentially unwanted applications (PUAs) from hiding in your downloads—once inside your system, they could spy on you or display an annoying stream of ads. Google user and online shopping fan? We have something for you too. Avira Safe Shopping offers a price comparison tool so you can still grab a bargain and rest assured it’s from a trusted site.

Avira Phantom VPN encrypts your data traffic, helps anonymize your online activities and lets you surf more securely, even on public Wi-Fi. VPNs create a virtual private ‘tunnel’ through which all your online data is passed, where it’s safer from prying eyes and cyber criminals.

Now you know how to stay more secure and private online (for free!), but what about device performance? Avira offers numerous cleanup and optimization tools to help you speed up your machine and free up more storage space. Now how about freeing up your own mind from the hundreds of passwords its struggling to remember? Avira Password Manager creates and stores strong passwords for all your user accounts. For peace of mind that you’ve got all your (virtual) bases covered, there’s this: Avira Free Security contains the free Avira tools as a single, practical solution. With just a few clicks, you can check your devices for security, online privacy, and performance issues—and fix problems fast.

 

Stronger security and revved-up performance with our premium solutions

Our free security software offers essential tools to help optimize and protect your digital life. For example, the free Antivirus for Mac and Windows uses the same powerful virus scanner as our premium version. However, our Pro versions unlock additional features and enhanced levels of protection, such as a VPN with unlimited data volumes (limited to 500 MB per month in the free version). With Avira Antivirus Pro for Windows and Mac, you get built-in web protection and advanced anti-ransomware. Plus, there are no ads.

Avira System Speedup Pro for Windows offers a wider range of tune-up tools for more thorough and automatic cleaning and device acceleration. Avira Internet Security offers multiple premium products but has a few more things up its sleeve than its free cousin, Avira Free Security: In addition to the advanced protection features of Avira Antivirus Pro (such as download and email protection), it also includes Password Manager Pro which can alert you if your data has been leaked in a breach. Plus, there’s Software Updater Pro, which allows you to automatically update your programs and drivers. Explore the differences between the Free and Pro versions here.

If you truly want all that Avira has to offer, there’s Avira Prime for the discerning, even more security-conscious user. It’s our most comprehensive offering and runs on up to five different devices. This premium all-in-one includes all our Pro features for more security, online privacy and performance.

 

Security software excellence for your various devices

Avira's advanced security technology is based on over 35 years of research. The independent review panel, AV comparatives, continuously tests Avira. Key features are considered its outstanding user-friendliness and performance as well as the low system impact and high repair capabilities. Millions of satisfied customers worldwide choose our free security and optimization solutions for desktop computers and laptops, as well as smart browser extensions and useful apps for their smartphones and tablets. Join them!

*Important Subscription, Pricing and Offer Details
 

Details: Subscription contracts begin when the transaction is complete and are subject to our Terms of Sale and License & Services Agreement. For trials, a payment method is required at sign-up and will be charged at the end of the trial period, unless cancelled first. 
Renewal: Subscriptions automatically renew unless the renewal is cancelled before billing. Renewal payments are billed annually (up to 35 days before renewal) or monthly (up to 5 days before renewal) depending on your billing cycle. Annual subscribers will receive an email with the renewal price beforehand. Renewal prices may be higher than the initial price and are subject to change. You can cancel the renewal  as described here in your account or by contacting us here.
Cancellation & Refund: you can cancel your contracts and get a full refund within 14 days of initial purchase for monthly subscriptions, and within 60 days of payments for annual subscriptions. For details, visit our Cancellation & Refund Policy. To cancel your contract or request a refund, click here. 
SUPPORT
Get Help
Downloads
Avira Blog
Avira Community
Virus Lab
Product Lifecycle
Avira VDF Update
Voluntary agreement
Avira Protection Cloud
ABOUT
About Avira
Awards and Certifications
Contact
Threat Landscape
PARTNERS & FOR BUSINESS
OEM
Affiliate Partners
Avira Prime - Business
FEATURES
Antivir
Adware Removal
Antivirus for Samsung
Antivirus for Windows 8
Antivirus for Windows 10
Antivirus for Windows 11
PACKAGES
Compare products & services
Avira Prime
Avira Internet Security
Avira Free Security
Avira Prime Mobile for iOS
Avira Prime Mobile for Android
Student Discount
Senior Discount (+55 Years)
DEVICE SECURITY
Antivirus
Windows Antivirus
Mac Antivirus
Android Antivirus
iOS Antivirus
Antivirus Pro
Software Updater
Safe Shopping
Avira Browser Safety
Malware Protection
Phishing Protection
Ransomware Protection
Spyware Scanner
Mobile Security Pro for Android
Mobile Security Pro for iOS
ONLINE PRIVACY
Phantom VPN
Windows VPN
Mac VPN
Android VPN
iOS VPN
VPN Pro
Password Manager
What is VPN?
Change IP
Stay Safe on Public Wi-Fi
Anonymous Browsing
Avira Secure Browser
OPTIMIZATION
System Speedup
Windows System Speedup
System Speedup Pro
Junk Cleaner
Battery Saver
RAM Cleaner
Speed Booster
English 

Avira is part of Gen - a global company with a family of trusted brands.

Copyright © 2025 Gen Digital Inc. All rights reserved. Gen trademarks or registered trademarks are property of Gen Digital Inc. or its affiliates. Firefox is a trademark of Mozilla Foundation. Android, Google Chrome, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google, LLC. Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Microsoft and the Window logo are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.

About Gen
Newsroom
Careers
Legal
Privacy
Security
Accessibility
Your Privacy Choices
Imprint
We value your privacy
By clicking "OK" you allow cookies that improve your experience on our site, help us analyze site performance and usage, and enable us to show relevant marketing content and deliver personalized advertising for our products. You can manage cookie settings below. See Cookies Policy
OK
MANAGE...