Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience.

By continuing to use our website, or by clicking OK, you consent to the use of these technologies.

OK, I agree
Skip to main content
Header Menu
Join/Renew
Insurance
Store
Careers
Sign In
MEMBERSHIP
ADVOCACY
EDUCATION & CAREER
RESOURCES & TOOLS
EVENTS
NEWS
ABOUT
 
Our passion. Our profession.

Empowering veterinarians to thrive in the profession we all love.  Join / Renew

AAVSB opposes midlevel position, virtual VCPR

The American Association of Veterinary State Boards also voted to support inclusion of veterinary technicians on state boards.

Get details

Renew your membership for 2026

AVMA membership supports your day-to-day life with exclusive benefits that enhance your success as a veterinarian at every career stage. Renew now.

Help review AVMA's euthanasia guidelines

The AVMA Panel on Euthanasia is seeking members for working groups that will review and recommend updates to the AVMA Guidelines for the Euthanasia of Animals. Applications are due January 16, 2026, and work begins in the spring. Learn more.

Drugs authorized for screwworm in cattle, cats, dogs

The Food and Drug Administration conditionally approved a new topical drug to prevent and treat cattle fever ticks and New World screwworm (NWS) in cattle, and granted emergency use authorization for drugs to treat NWS in cats and dogs. AVMA's webpage on NWS covers what veterinarians need to know about this emerging threat.

Veterinary Leadership Conference
JANUARY 8-10, 2026 | CHICAGO

Veterinary medicine's premier leadership training conference combines a unique mix of CE sessions, AVMA meetings, and networking to help attendees expand and polish leadership skills.

Discover VLC

Combating avian influenza

H5N1 has been found in cattle, cats, people, and other mammals, as well as poultry and wild birds. The impact on poultry and cats is severe. Here’s what you need to know.

View resources

Become a mentor—Get a mentor

MentorVet Connect, brought to you by the AVMA, connects new veterinary graduates with trained mentors, free of charge. The connection can transform both partners. Apply now to become a mentor or mentee.

Learn more

Explore the Journey for Teams

Journey for Teams provides everyone in the veterinary community a path to foster greater diversity, equity, and inclusion in our workplaces. Take the journey individually or as a team. There's even an opportunity to earn CE credit.

Start here

Upcoming events
VETERINARY LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE

January 8-10, 2026

NOMINATIONS DUE: AVMA EXCELLENCE AWARDS

January 14, 2026

NOMINATIONS DUE: UNSUNG HERO AWARDS

January 28, 2026

AVMA EXTERNSHIPS: APPLICATIONS DUE

January 31, 2026

AVMA COE SITE VISIT: LONG ISLAND

February 9-13

AVMA Career Center

Power your job hunt with enhanced search filters, personalized alerts, and easy-to-access career resources. Here's everything you need to land your next great job.

FEATURED CE
Know the rules: Compliance webinars keep you up to date

A growing catalog of compliance CE on AVMA Axon® helps you meet regulations on topics from controlled substances to workplace safety. These courses also may aid in meeting CE requirements mandated by state licensing boards.

Start learning

AVMA News
Building a framework for responsible AI in veterinary medicine

A panel at the Veterinary Business and Economic Forum highlighted how rapid development of artificial intelligence is outpacing professional guidance.

Read more

See all news

AVMA@Work blog
Chart of the month: Pet population trends and what they mean

The size and makeup of the pet population affect nearly every aspect of companion animal practice. See what’s changing—and where opportunities may lie.

Read more

See all blogs

Footer: AVMA Family
American Veterinary Medical Foundation (AVMF)
AVMA LIFE
AVMA PLIT
AVMA Political Action Committee (PAC)
Student AVMA (SAVMA)
Footer menu
Contact us
Work at AVMA
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Sitemap
Social Media
Subscribe to newsletters
© 2025 American Veterinary Medical Association All rights reserved