Awful Announcing - All things sports media Skip to content Awful Announcing To search this site, enter a search term Submit search form search Home ESPN Fox NBC CBS WBD Other AA Podcasts League Networks Local Networks International Online Outlets Announcing Schedules Ratings Viewing Picks NFL Lifestyle About Privacy Policy Close menu close Home ESPN Fox NBC CBS WBD Other AA Podcasts League Networks Local Networks International Online Outlets Announcing Schedules Ratings Viewing Picks NFL Lifestyle About Privacy Policy Link to Twitter Link to Twitter Link to Facebook Link to Facebook Link to Instagram Link to Instagram Link to RSS Link to RSS College Football Sports nab 96 of 100 most-watched telecasts in 2025 Read More College Basketball Cori Close doubles down on media criticism: ‘I’m just asking for proportionate growth and coverage’ Read More College Football Ryan Clark texted Lane Kiffin about LSU job every day after Brian Kelly firing Read More DAZN Fate of FanDuel Sports Networks ‘likely’ to be decided in January Read More NBA NBA flexes Spurs-Thunder into primetime NBC window Read More Nick Saban says he knows how to fix college football, but no one will listen Nick Saban knows exactly what to do to fix all the issues that plague college athletics at the... By Matt Yoder On Dec 31, 2025 0 Diego Pavia eligibility fight proves there is no shame in college athletics As Diego Pavia tries for yet another year of NCAA eligibility, will it even cause a ripple amidst the other major issues facing the sport? By Demetri Ravanos On Dec 31, 2025 0 TV and streaming viewing picks for December 31, 2025: How to watch Miami-Ohio State The College Football Playoff Quarterfinals start tonight in Arlington, TX with the Cotton Bowl as Miami and Ohio State square off on ESPN's networks By Ken Fang On Dec 31, 2025 0 This Festus Ezeli suit and hoodie combo has to be seen to be believed Former Golden State Warriors player Festus Ezeli had a hoodie, suit, and tie combo that defied belief on the NBC Sports Bay Area set. By Matt Yoder On Dec 30, 2025 0 Joel Klatt suggests nobody should schedule Notre Dame In the new college football world, Fox analyst Joel Klatt says it doesn't make any sense for anyone to schedule Notre Dame. By Matt Yoder On Dec 30, 2025 0 Richard Deitsch announces he is leaving The Athletic Longtime sports media writer Richard Deitsch has revealed he is leaving The Athletic at the end of the year after seven years at the outlet. By Matt Yoder On Dec 30, 2025 0 Warner Bros. Discovery reportedly planning to reject Paramount takeover bid next week Several WBD shareholder expect Paramount to come back with an even higher offer. By Drew Lerner On Dec 30, 2025 0 Tony Romo: Steelers likely beat Browns if not for DK Metcalf suspension "Pittsburgh probably wins this game if DK Metcalf is out there." By Matt Clapp On Dec 30, 2025 0 Fate of FanDuel Sports Networks ‘likely’ to be decided in January If DAZN opts to purchase Main Street Sports Group, the decision will be made in January. By Drew Lerner On Dec 30, 2025 0 Cori Close doubles down on media criticism: ‘I’m just asking for proportionate growth and coverage’ "I just can’t remember a time in my 15 years as a head coach that we had a double-ranked game that had zero press conference" By Drew Lerner On Dec 30, 2025 0 Ryan Clark texted Lane Kiffin about LSU job every day after Brian Kelly firing "I've got more group chats with Lane Kiffin than I do my real home boys." By Brendon Kleen On Dec 30, 2025 0 NBA flexes Spurs-Thunder into primetime NBC window The Spurs have handed the Thunder three of their five losses this season. By Drew Lerner On Dec 30, 2025 0 Julie Stewart-Binks filling in as rinkside reporter on Tampa Bay Lightning broadcasts "New chapter" By Brendon Kleen On Dec 30, 2025 0 Sports nab 96 of 100 most-watched telecasts in 2025 Football alone accounted for 92 of the top 100. By Drew Lerner On Dec 30, 2025 0 Steve Sarkisian thinks Citrus Bowl could outrate some College Football Playoff games "I'm as excited as anybody to see what does our number look like coming out of this game on the 31st. By Ben Axelrod On Dec 30, 2025 0 Tom Brady says he’s ‘more comfortable than ever’ as a broadcaster "Going into the Bills-Eagles game this past weekend, with a week left in the regular season, I’m feeling more comfortable than ever and I’ve grown in ways that I didn’t think were possible." By Brendon Kleen On Dec 30, 2025 0 ESPN researcher wins $1 million in DraftKings contest "I am still in shock." By Ben Axelrod On Dec 30, 2025 0 Rick Neuheisel returns to coaching with UFL’s Dallas Renegades A familiar face on CBS Sports Network's college football coverage is adding a spring coaching job to his résumé with the UFL. By Sam Neumann On Dec 30, 2025 0 Credit: Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports News Bold sports media predictions for 2026 Draymond Green: ‘Playing on Christmas Day f*cking sucks’ "Playing on Christmas Day is great, it's fun, you get all the eyeballs. But, you miss family time." By Ben Axelrod On Dec 30, 2025 0 Verizon-Cox carriage dispute leaving NFL fans in limbo Steelers and Patriots fans are at-risk of missing key Week 18 games in their local markets. By Drew Lerner On Dec 30, 2025 0 John Calipari unloads on the state of college basketball: ‘We don’t have any rules’ "Does anybody care what this is doing for 17 and 18-year-old American kids?" By Ben Axelrod On Dec 30, 2025 0 Troy Aikman had fun with ‘Landman’ commentary on ESPN MNF broadcast "He likes being called Landman. Great show, great linebacker, great name." By Matt Clapp On Dec 30, 2025 0 Photo by Brendon Kleen for Awful Announcing Fantasy Sports ‘The Fantasy Footballers’ charted their own path to success Craig Carton calls out LeBron James for disrespecting national anthem "Let me get a couple air swings in while the anthem is being played because I don't play good basketball anymore, I got to work on my golf game." By Matt Yoder On Dec 30, 2025 0 Posts navigation arrow Older posts Sidebar Please enable JavaScript to view the poll powered by Disqus. Popular Posts Sportswriters remember Grantland as ‘a writer’s paradise’ ESPN’s non-stop WWE promotion is a culture shock Dave Portnoy & Troy Aikman prove the NIL bubble is already bursting Are there any adults left in the room at ESPN? Adam Schefter's Sherrone Moore debacle says no The top sports media feuds of 2025 Who should NBC pick as its top MLB announcer? Footer Legal Information Privacy Policy Disclaimer Link to Twitter Link to Twitter Link to Facebook Link to Facebook Link to Instagram Link to Instagram Link to RSS Link to RSS AwfulAnnouncing.com is a Sports fan web site and is in no way affiliated with any media organization, any professional sports league, team, organization, or its Properties. This site is for informational and entertainment purposes only. AwfulAnnouncing.com is not an official web site for any media organization, professional sports league, team, or organization.
Copyright © 2020 www.AwfulAnnouncing.com - All Rights Reserved - Trademarks used herein are property of their respective owners. Privacy Manager arrow