Join our global affiliate platform | Awin Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location Global Australia België Belgique Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ireland Italia México Nederland Nordics Österreich Polska Portugal Schweiz Suisse Sverige United Kingdom United States Change region Solutions For advertisers Empowering brands of every size to partner with a diverse range of over 1 million publishers, targeting the customers you want to reach. For publishers Create long-lasting partnerships with the world's leading brands by promoting their products and services to your audience. For agencies Have unlimited control for growing your clients’ businesses through Awin's database of partnerships, technologies and solutions. Resources Market Insights The latest affiliate trends in digestible content Case Studies Real success stories from partner marketing Product Releases Explore the new features added to the Awin platform Awin-Win Marketing Podcast Showing you how affiliate partnerships can always offer a win-win ThinkTank Americas 2026 Details about our annual event < Global Events Calendar Stay informed on all Awin events across the year. Company Contact Get started Login Get started Infinite partnerships, simply enabled. Our global affiliate marketing platform empowers advertisers and publishers of all sizes to grow their businesses online. Explore Awin's plans 30,000 customers grow their business every day with Awin's affiliate marketing platform Nike UK Nike UK Sephora UK Sephora UK Etsy UK & I Etsy UK & I Viator - A Tripadvisor Company UK Viator - A Tripadvisor Company UK Get started Solutions for Advertisers Looking to start an affiliate marketing programme with Awin? Find out more if you: Have a transactional website that offers a product or a service Want to commit marketing spend to driving more sales Want to build online partnerships View our Advertiser plans Solutions for Publishers Looking to create partnerships and promote brand products? Awin's platform could help if you: Can promote links and recommendations to an engaged audience base Want to earn commission through partnerships View our Publisher benefits Solutions for Agencies Looking to start or scale your client's affiliate programme? Contact our agency team if you: Have clients that you run affiliate or partner marketing activities for Want to build online partnerships for your clients Want to achieve your clients' marketing goals with Awin's platform View our Agency benefits Sectors we work with Awin works with thousands of businesses across different sectors to help grow their brands through affiliate partnerships. Find out how they've seen success with Awin's platform. Retail & Shopping Covering a wide range of online stores including FMCG, department stores, fashion, beauty and technology. Fashion From favourite high-street brands to online-only retailers, our fashion vertical is extensive. Travel Everything from hotels and flights to day trips, tickets, excursions and experiences. Finance & Insurance Covering a wide range of online stores including FMCG, department stores, fashion, beauty and technology. Telco & Services Covering telecoms and broadband services, mobile phone providers, ticketing and many more. Explore Awin's plans Play video Advertisers Choose the Awin plan that's right for your business Whether you're a small business ready to launch an affiliate marketing programme and reach new customers or a global enterprise looking to enhance your online marketing, we have a plan to suit every need. Explore Awin plans and service packages Awin Access Awin Access gives you everything you need to launch a simple and cost-efficient, self-managed programme,without the hassle of a long-term contract. Learn more Recommended Awin Accelerate Awin Accelerate gives you additional features to run a sophisticated programme, with added automation to save you time on everyday affiliate tasks. Learn more Awin Advanced Awin Advanced gives you everything you need to run a data-driven programme, with bespoke reporting for comprehensive results and sophisticated optimisation. Learn more Grow your own way Celebrating 25 years of growth, Awin's latest product release gives you the power to scale your business, your way. Unlock new opportunities, personalise your strategies, and expand globally - all with flexibility and control. Explore all features Unlock the power of affiliate Discover how senior marketers across the world are using affiliate partnerships to achieve their business goals today. Read the new affiliate marketing industry study conducted by Forrester Consulting on behalf of Awin. Access your free copy Play video Publishers Partner with us We understand that every type of publisher is unique, and we believe in providing tailored solutions to help you maximise your earnings. Whether you're a content creator, editorial powerhouse, technology partner, or fall into another category, we have the tools to support your affiliate marketing success. Explore how to become a partner Introducing Awin-Win Marketing Podcast Awin-Win Marketing Podcast offers you an inside view on the most innovative affiliate partnerships. This exciting new series takes you behind the scenes to show you how affiliate partnerships can always offer a win-win. Listen now ThinkTank Americas 2026 Join top advertisers, publishers, and partners from across the Americas as we gather in Chicago, Illinois to spark collaboration, gain insights, and shape the future of performance marketing, empowering you to achieve Your Growth, Your Way. Secure your spot today Play video Agencies Empower your clients with our affiliate marketing solution for agencies With a range of tools and resources at your disposal, our dedicated agency teams ensure seamless onboarding and quick scaling of your clients' affiliate programme, leveraging the power of data to benchmark performance and explore new partnerships. Learn more Company As a global community of people, we aim to humanise marketing technology by providing solutions that deliver sustainable growth for all. Privacy Sustainability Compliance Whistleblowing Site Notice Information security Need help? Contact us If you can't find what you're looking for, our teams are on hand to help answer any questions you might have about Awin. Facebook Linkedin Instagram Global Australia België Belgique Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ireland Italia México Nederland Nordics Österreich Polska Portugal Schweiz Suisse Sverige United Kingdom United States Change region © 2025, AWIN AG. All rights reserved. Awin is part of Axel Springer Group. No part of this publication may be reproduced, translated, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the copyright owner. Return to page top Close modal