Home | Australian War Memorial Australian War Memorial Logo Search for people, places or things Search Donate Today Collection Open Information Close Information Official Histories & Unit Diaries Understanding the Collection Research at the Memorial Donating to the Collection National Collection Loans Projects People Visit Open Information Close Information Plan your visit Tours Galleries Memorial Features Museum at Home Research at the Memorial Poppy's Cafe Exhibitions Events Commemorate Open Information Close Information Last Post Ceremony Honour Rolls Anzac Day Remembrance Day Customs & Ceremony Speeches Learn Open Information Close Information Schools & Teachers Memorial Articles Encyclopedia Understanding Military Structure Podcasts Glossary Magazine Get Involved Open Information Close Information Donations & Bequests Corporate Partnership Employment Opportunities Volunteer at the Memorial Friends of the Memorial eMemorial Newsletter Grants, Scholarships & Residencies Research Papers Shop Open Information Close Information Memorial Shop Images, film and sound Lone Pine Seedlings 2026 Napier Waller Art Prize Entries are now open, apply today. Find out more Visit the Memorial Entry is free and tickets are not required Find out more Stories that have shaped Australia WM - War Memorial Magazine The Australian War Memorial is proud to announce the launch of WM Issue 2 Explore Memorial Shop Open daily 10am - 4.30pm | Inside Main Entrance Foyer Shop online Touring Exhibitions Our current touring exhibitions include Ink in the Lines and Art in Conflict Learn more Roll of Honour name projections The projections are a tribute to those who made the ultimate sacrifice. Learn more Search for people, places or things Home Discover the Memorial The Memorial has marked a major milestone by officially opening its new Main Entrance. Entry is free and tickets are not required. Plan your visit School and school aged group bookings Explore the Galleries Explore more than 7,000 objects on display from the National Collection. The Memorial's galleries and exhibitions explore Australia's involvement in major conflicts and help to tell Australia’s continuing story of service, sacrifice and military history. Explore 2026 Napier Waller Art Prize Entries are now open for the 2026 Napier Waller Art Prize. The prize is open to all current and former service personnel in the Australian Defence Force. Find out more What's On at the Memorial Explore our calendar of upcoming events, ceremonies, talks and tours. View all events Indigenous service Explore a selection of resources related to the wartime experience of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. Please be advised that the following pages contain the names, images and objects of deceased people. Explore FEATURED ARTICLES Australian War Memorial Digitisation project – Seeking copyright holders 17 December 2025 The Memorial’s Research Centre Digitised Collections team digitises archival collections at risk of deterioration. This process helps to preserve the original items and enables the selected collections to be accessed online in the future. The Troppo Tribune 16 December 2025 During active service, army units are required to keep monthly war diaries recording their daily activities. These diaries usually consist of war diary or intelligence summary sheets, and appendices covering strength and casualty returns, routine orders, messages, reports, and other documentation. Australian Rules ancestor was Aboriginal, not an Afghan 11 December 2025 How football great Mark Naley uncovered his family’s Indigenous heritage, tracing it back to his grandfather Gordon Naley - Gallipoli veteran, POW, and Mirning descendant. View all Last updated: 3 December 2025 Donations & Bequests Your generous donation will be used to ensure the memory of our Defence Forces and what they have done for us, and what they continue to do for our freedom remains – today and into the future. Find out more Transcribe Help preserve Australia's history by transcribing records from the National Collection. Enhance accessibility and discoverability for all Australians. Find out more Places of Pride Places of Pride, the National Register of War Memorials, is a new initiative designed to record the locations and photographs of every publicly accessible memorial across Australia. Find out more Visit the Australian War Memorial The Australian War Memorial is open for visitors as we work to expand our galleries. Entry is free and tickets are not required. Find out more ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF TRADITIONAL CUSTODIANS The Australian War Memorial acknowledges the traditional custodians of country throughout Australia. We recognise their continuing connection to land, sea and waters. We pay our respects to elders past and present. The Australian War Memorial Fairbairn Avenue Campbell ACT 2612 Australia View on Google Maps (opens in new window) Google Map data ©2025 Google Australian War Memorial Logo Go to AWM Facebook Go to AWM Trip Advisor Go to AWM Instagram Go to AWM Youtube Footer About Contact Media WM Magazine Donate Today Careers VG Portal The Australian War Memorial Fairbairn Avenue Campbell ACT 2612 Australia Opening Hours 10 am to 4 pm daily (except Christmas Day) In preparation for the daily Last Post Ceremony, galleries are progressively closed from 3:40 pm. Public entrance via Fairbairn Avenue, Campbell ACT 2612 Sign up to our newsletter Subscribe Legal Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Accessibility Freedom of information Copyright
				2026
				Australian War Memorial, Canberra. All rights reserved