ThingWorx: Industrial IoT Software | IIoT Platform | PTC PTC Header Selected Language Unavailable This experience is not available in the language you selected. Proceed ThingWorx IIoT Platform Remove your barriers to digital transformation with ThingWorx, the IIoT platform purpose-built to address your business challenges IIoT Potential IIoT Capabilities Analyst Reports Success Stories Explore Solutions Community Contact Us Build a better IIoT solution with ThingWorx Industrial companies face pressing challenges that require IIoT solutions. To address a wide range of manufacturing, service, and engineering use cases, PTC has spent years innovating the ThingWorx IIoT platform. From service to workforce efficiency and asset optimization, ThingWorx solves common challenges across different industries. Because building Industrial IoT solutions is often cited as a pain point, ThingWorx is designed to reduce these barriers. Cruise from pilots to enterprise-scale solutions, using pre-built applications and developer tools. Maximize your IIoT potential ThingWorx simultaneously removes the technical barriers to IIoT implementation, while emphasizing practical solutions that quickly return value. ThingWorx simultaneously removes the technical barriers to IIoT implementation, while emphasizing practical solutions that quickly return value. Maximize revenue Scale to new markets, improve throughput, and unlock new business models such as products as a service. Scale to new markets, improve throughput, and unlock new business models such as products as a service. Learn More Accelerate innovation Get to market faster using a rich set of industrial IoT capabilities. Wrap and extend existing assets within your connected solution. Get to market faster using a rich set of industrial IoT capabilities. Wrap and extend existing assets within your connected solution. Learn More Reduce costs Leverage data from connected products and systems to increase productivity, lower cost, and increase efficiency. Leverage data from connected products and systems to increase productivity, lower cost, and increase efficiency. Learn More Improve quality Make product, service, and factory operations more secure and scalable. Improve service quality, reliability, and satisfaction. Make product, service, and factory operations more secure and scalable. Improve service quality, reliability, and satisfaction. Learn More Maximize flexibility Take control of your deployment options with on-premise, cloud, or a hybrid approach. Flexibly support any industrial use case. Take control of your deployment options with on-premise, cloud, or a hybrid approach. Flexibly support any industrial use case. Learn More ThingWorx: an industrial IoT and AI platform ThingWorx 10 redefines smart manufacturing in the AI era with unmatched innovation. Seamlessly connecting data from products, people, and processes, it transforms raw information into powerful, actionable intelligence. Fueled by AI and cutting-edge ThingWorx enterprise applications, it delivers secure, scalable, and game-changing insights to revolutionize engineering, manufacturing, and service. Ensure success with must-have IIoT capabilities If you’re considering IIoT platforms, you should be evaluating their capabilities. Unlike other industrial IoT software, ThingWorx offers a complete IIoT platform. Industry leaders turn to ThingWorx for end-to-end capabilities—enabling them to address every facet of their digital transformation journey. Connect Extend standardized industrial connectivity across disparate devices and applications to enable access to multiple data sources. Connect Your Assets Build Use powerful, pre-built tools and applications to fast-track and scale complete industrial IoT solutions and AR experiences with ease. Build Your IIoT Analyze Extract real-time insights from complex industrial IoT data to proactively optimize operations and prevent problems. Turn Data Into Insights Manage Assume control over connected devices, processes, and systems, and boost performance and visibility across operations. Centralize Device Management Experience Provide safer, more effective ways for employees to engage with physical objects and systems. Digital and AR interfaces contextualize data and guidance. Empower Your Employees Learn why ThingWorx is a leader among top IIoT platforms SPARK Matrix™ Understand the key market drivers for IIoT and discover why ThingWorx has been recognized as a technology leader in the global IIoT market. Reaching IIoT success with PTC Discover how PTC customers achieve their digital transformation goals and solve pressing business problems using ThingWorx. Flowserve FlowServe customers save $16 million in hourly downtime costs thanks to PTC’s industrial IoT solutions to meet customer demand for product data, performance, and service. Flowserve IIoT Case Study Quant Quant transformed customer safety, service, and uptime by using PTC’s ThingWorx platform to get data-driven insights into factory performance. Quant IIoT Case Study LACROIX LACROIX Electronics improved how they identify and prevent equipment failure and component defects, by using PTC’s ThingWorx platform gain real-time visibility into production processes. LACROIX IIoT Case Study Brembo Brembo maximized bottom-line results by using PTC's ThingWorx platform to reduce scrap and minimize downtime. Follow Brembo’s IIoT Journey Explore IIoT solutions for manufacturing, service, and engineering ThingWorx for manufacturing Harness pre-built apps to connect operators and engineers with factory floor assets, so you can increase safety and efficiency while reducing costs and downtime. ThingWorx for service Discover how to connect your service teams to assets and data in the field, so you can reduce customer downtime. ThingWorx for engineering Explore how role-based apps connect directly to your enterprise systems to give stakeholders access to the most accurate product information in an easily consumable format. Digital performance management helps identify, prioritize, action on, and monitor problem-solving opportunities for the greatest potential P&L impact. Join the ThingWorx community Tap into the knowledge of our community of users to get the the best value out of the market's most complete IIoT platform. The ThingWorx Community is loaded with tutorials, guides, and videos. Whether you need to make an up-close technology evaluation or you’re looking to advance your ThingWorx initiatives, the ThingWorx Community has the resources you need.< Connect Today Connect with PTC It's time to discuss how you can accelerate digital transformation projects in your business with a purpose-built IIoT platform. Connect with PTC Please wait while your request is being submitted... Hi {name}, welcome back. Not you? Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Catalonia Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard & McDonald Isl Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Peoples Dem. Rep. Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda S.Georgia and S.Sandwich Isles Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania United Republic of Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay US Minor Outlying Islands USA Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Click the button below to continue. Consult a PTC Expert How can we help you? Support Portal Contact an Expert Training and Skills Join the PTC Community Explore PTC About PTC Products PTC University Careers Leadership Investor Relations News Partners Events Global Locations © Copyright 2025 PTC Legal Trust Center Privacy Policy Cookies Settings