Axeptio | Consent Management Platform Compliant with GDPR, Law 25 & nFADP White Paper 214 countries, 6 mobile apps, 4 websites: discover FIBA's consent strategy 🏀 Log In For Clients English Français Français - Canada Nederlands English Logo Products Cookie The most customizable and memorable consent banner. Compatible with Consent Mode v2 Terms Contractual consent module (Terms & Conditions) to enrich the customer journey Mobile App SDKs To make your mobile application compliant with GDPR (Swift, Kotlin, Flutter, React Native) Shake Check if your website is GDPR compliant, with our cookie checker Product Updates Axeptio consistently offers you a growing array of features Solutions Axeptio for Brands We've cooked up a special recipe with user experience and brand image at its core Axeptio for Publishers Our CMP for digital publishers: Google-certified and TCF-compatible solution Axeptio for Google Consent Mode v2 Axeptio, as Google Gold CMP Partner, facilitates the integration of Consent mode v2 Axeptio for Agencies The only formula that allows agencies to foster trust among their clients infinitely! Customer Stories Discover our greatest nuggets: our customers! Ecosystem Integrations Axeptio connects to MarTech leaders (CMS, Analytics, No-code Builder...) Experts A network of Axeptio experts to help you configure and optimize your projects Affiliates Are you hungry for more? Transparent and direct? Fun and friendly? So are we! Cookie banner for Shopify Cookie banner for Wordpress Cookie banner for Prestashop Pricing Resources Content Library Blog Newsletter Events Support Developers Documentation API About Press Taste | No more cookie banner The Browser Extension that consents on your behalf! Log In For Clients English Français Français - Canada Nederlands English Sign Up Free Sign Up Free Get a Demo Get a Demo Sign Up Free Sign Up Free Get a Demo Get a Demo Build an Immersive & Premium Consent Experience That complies with data privacy regulations and that provides real choices to your users. Check Your Compliance Check Your Compliance Book a Demo Book a Demo Join 80,000+ websites that trust Axeptio Discover our Customer Stories Discover our Customer Stories Branded Consent: Merge Consent and Marketing Moments With Axeptio, consent becomes the opening scene of a high-performing customer journey . Unique in the market, Axeptio turns the CMP into a fully immersive, visually spectacular marketing moment . By leveraging video, motion design, images, or tone of voice, your cookie banner now puts your brand in the front row seat for website visitors. Personalization is highly flexible, and every banner can be updated in a few clicks to support your business goals . Discover Branded Consent Discover Branded Consent Fully compliant with global data protection and privacy regulations GDPR nFADP CCPA LAW 25 And mini more! 10+ Billions Proof of consent 80 000+ Websites A No-Code Consent Management Solution A simple, no-code platform that empowers businesses to easily collect, manage, and safeguard user consent—ensuring compliance without the need for technical expertise. Branded Consent Merge Consent and Brand Moments to Drive Growth Axeptio transforms consent into a branded, immersive experience. Our no-code CMP gives teams the tools to design, personalize, and optimize every touchpoint, turning compliance into a driver of trust and growth. Customize every detail of your CMP: visuals, videos, drop shadows, display positions, logos, typography, texts, colors, and buttons Leverage advanced consent analytics and A/B testing to monitor and optimize performance Martech-ready: mobile SDK, vendor management (1,500+ pre-integrated), and the lightest CMP on the market Google-certified CMP partner Discover Branded Consent Discover Branded Consent Terms The secret recipe for creating the most appetizing T&Cs Current T&Cs are invisible, unreadable, and poorly maintained, creating unnecessary risks for companies and frustrations for users. Terms is a smart widget that transforms contractual consent from a hidden burden into a transparent, user-friendly, and compliant experience. Replacing static documents with interactive, modular, and searchable formats enables better understanding Breaking content into sections and summaries, empowers users to engage at their own pace and improves readability Centralized, dynamic storage allows legal teams to update instantly, maintain version history, and reduce compliance risks. Discover Terms Discover Terms Mobile App SDK Bring Consent and Performance Together in Your App Fully compliant with Google Consent Mode v2, IAB TCF v2.2, and international privacy regulations Customize your UI and app onboarding with brand assets: design, logos, colors, typography, buttons, and flows Built to scale : SDKs under 2 MB, offline handling, and consent continuity between the app and embedded WebViews Discover Mobile App SDK Discover Mobile App SDK We move forward with the right allies Axeptio is a GOLD member of the Google CMP partner program , is IAB compliant, and trusted by 80 000+ websites Two Consent Management Platforms Both are compatible with GDPR, CCPA, Law 25 and certified by Google. Axeptio For Brands Are you operating an e-commerce business or an SMB? Are you a retail chain, a DNVB, a sports organization, a leader of travel, mobility, finance...? Learn more The CMP offering the best User Experience Conversational UI with full personalization An intuitive consent banner builder The most powerful vendor and tracker scanner Fostering brand image and retention Google-certified CMP ( Consent Mode v2 ) Microsoft UET Consent Mode Axeptio For Brands Learn more Axeptio For publishers Are you a news publisher, a media group or an entertainment company with a strong focus on the Advertising business model? Learn more The CMP dedicated to Revenue Optimization Compliant with TCF Certified by IAB Europe Certified by IAB Canada Putting trust at the heart of the AdTech ecosystem Scan and categorize vendors and trackers effortlessly Axeptio For publishers Learn more Let's Build a Memorable Consent Experience that Reflect Your Brand Book a Demo Book a Demo Compatible with your MarTech stack Discover our Partners Discover our Partners They talk about it better than we do. The collaboration between the Paris Opera and Axeptio was a success, demonstrating that personalization and creativity can enhance user engagement and cookie acceptance rates. This case study highlights Axeptio's commitment to providing tailored solutions that respect both users and regulatory requirements. Siham Lakhloufi - 
                           Digital Project Manager, Paris Opera 15% Increase in Consent Rates 84% Consent Rates Read case study Read case study After implementing Google Consent Mode v2, and thanks to a new, more transparent and personalized approach, our consent rate climbed to 72%. Jade Logier Fillipi - 
                           Webmarketing Manager, Gites de France® Corsica 72% Consent Rates +12% Increase in Consent Rates since the Implementation of Consent Mode v2 Read case study Read case study Maximising CMP interaction is a key lever in our digital strategy. We can provide more relevant product recommendations and effectively activate retargeting by increasing the volume of opt-ins. In this way, we can support our visitors throughout their customer journey and provide them with a truly personalised experience. Guillaume Bouquin - 
                           Head of E-commerce, Speedway 79% Interaction Rates 15% Increase in Interaction Rates Read case study Read case study We are more than satisfied with our collaboration with Axeptio, which has gone above and beyond to help us achieve our goal and meet the challenge of legal compliance while ensuring a good consent rate. All of this was made possible through tailor-made, intuitive, and quickly implementable solutions. Alexandra Zhu - 
                           Digital Marketing Manager, Veepee Switzerland 86% Consent Rates 385,000 Consents Collected Read case study Read case study The migration from one CMP to another went smoothly and quickly thanks to the responsiveness of the Axeptio teams, without any negative impact on website monetization, especially since web performance is smoother with the use of the new CMP. Franck Fyleyssant - 
                           Head of Digital Advertising Development, Sogemedia. +30% Increase in Interaction Rates +27% Increase in Opt-in Rates Read case study Read case study First-id retargeting campaign via Axeptio allowed us to test a technology tailored to new advertising targeting challenges and measure its true impact. The initial results are promising and pave the way for new collaboration opportunities. Solene De La Serre - 
                           Traffic Manager, Jacadi +43% Increase in Conversion Rates with the First-ID Campaign 60% Drop in Bounces Rates Compared to Traditional Retargeting Read case study Read case study By combining two levers — traffic acquisition and CMP optimization — we were able to collect enough compliant data to make informed decisions about our conversion funnel. Lana Nassar - 
                           Digital Marketing Manager, Sofidy +32% Interaction Rates +27% Opt-in Rates Read case study Read case study Shake Shake, our cookie scanner Evaluate your widget's compliance, project what our widget might look like, and integrate it in just two clicks! 1 Evaluate your site Enter your website url and receive a full scan of your widget 2 Receive your report And a preview of our customized cookie banner on your website! 3 Integrate our cookie banner Everything is pre-configured, all you have to do is publish! Optional 1 EVALUATE YOUR WEBSITE Is my website compliant? We can automatically assess the level of compliance of your widget configuration with our cookie scanner. News and Articles View more Product Updates Data Axeptio Integrates with Eulerian to Bring Consent Data into the Heart of Marketing Performance Analysis Consent signals become a critical lens through which brands can understand what their audience actually looks like, and how reliable their marketing data really is. With that in mind,... December 16, 2025 Alexis Nabucet Customer Stories Members-only Sales and Marketplace: How Bebeboutik Uses Axeptio to Tailor its CMP to Two Distinct E-Commerce Journeys Just days after Black Friday and a few weeks before the holiday rush, Bebeboutik must guarantee a smooth customer experience to thousands of parents returning daily to discover new private... December 15, 2025 Solène Mouret Company News Holiday Special: What Axeptio Has Wrapped Up for You This Season "It’s tiiiime!" 🎄 The calendar has flipped, Mariah Carey has defrosted, the fairy lights are up, and we can finally unveil our Holiday Special article. This year, this edition comes with a... December 10, 2025 Thomas Balester Get started for free Get started for free Positive Consent Experience Axeptio Pricing Cookie Terms Subscriptions Axeptio for Agencies Axeptio for Brands Affiliates Careers Resources Users documentation Developers Documentation Customer Stories Axeptio iOS SDK Axeptio Android SDK Legal notice Terms of use Legal notice Privacy policy Data Processing Agreement Manage your cookies © Axeptio since 2017 - 2025