Skip to main content
NEWSLETTERS
AXIOS LOCAL
SHOW
AXIOS PRO
AXIOS LIVE
THE AXIOS SHOW
LOGIN
All topics
Axios

Search

Politics & Policy
Business
Technology
Health
Energy & Climate
CATCH UP QUICK
Trump: We are "closer than ever" to a Russia-Ukraine peace deal
By
Barak Ravid
Powerful winter storm disrupts U.S. holiday season travel
"Stern warning": China's military holds live drills around Taiwan
DNC, RNC pipe bomb suspect told FBI "something just snapped," DOJ alleges
Anxiety fuels Gen Z's retirement planning
Axios Future of Mobility

Stay ahead of the trends upending the auto industry, including electrification, the AI revolution, and more, with Joann Muller.

TOP STORIES
MOST POPULAR
Alex Isenstadt
19 hours ago
-
Politics & Policy
JD's 2028 plotting: Vance's next moves

Erika Kirk greets Vice President JD Vance during Turning Point USA's AmericaFest in Phoenix on Dec. 21. Photo: Jon Cherry/AP

Vice President JD Vance plans to literally fly above MAGA's rising civil war — campaigning coast to coast in the midterms and sticking close to President Trump, while building support for an expected presidential run in 2028.

Why it matters: Vance has to get ready for a national campaign. But he can't look too eager, since President Trump isn't one to share the spotlight.

Go deeper (2 min. read)
Amy Harder
20 hours ago
-
Energy & Climate
How energy powers your AI work and fun: a step-by-step guide

Illustration: Lindsey Bailey/Axios

AI feels like magic — largely because most of us don't understand how it really works.

Why it matters: This story will radically break down the process so this technology — which is becoming as commonplace as the Internet — feels more real and less magical.

Go deeper (3 min. read)
Emily Peck
20 hours ago
-
Economy
States where the minimum wage is going up in 2026

Workers in 19 states are in line for a raise when minimum wage increases take effect on New Year's Day.

Why it matters: Beyond those earning minimum wage, these increases often push employers to raise salaries for workers higher up on the income ladder.

Go deeper (2 min. read)
View more stories
DIVE DEEPER
The Axios Show
Go behind the headlines with "The Axios Show", a series of on-camera interviews where Axios journalists interview the most prominent newsmakers in politics, business, tech, media and culture.
Watch Now
THE LATEST
Scoop: Nvidia deal a big win for Groq employees and investors
Betty Boop, Mickey Mouse works enter the public domain in 2026
Trump's White House ballroom project heads to first public hearing
What stores are open on Christmas Day 2025 and their hours
Judge blocks Trump effort to yank whistleblower attorney's security clearance
ZOOM IN: AXIOS PRO
Health Tech Deals
Inside Matt Holt's new health data venture Thoreau
Smarter, faster on what matters.
Explore Axios Newsletters
About Axios
Advertise with us
Careers
Contact us
Newsletters
Axios Live
Axios HQ
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Axios Homepage

Axios Media Inc., 2025