Skip to main content
NEWSLETTERS
AXIOS LOCAL
SHOW
AXIOS PRO
AXIOS LIVE
THE AXIOS SHOW
LOGIN
All topics
Axios

Search

Politics & Policy
Business
Technology
Health
Energy & Climate
CATCH UP QUICK
Netanyahu raised possible "round 2" strikes on Iran with Trump
By
Barak Ravid
2025's AI-fueled scientific breakthroughs
The year big events came back
Eastern U.S. faces heavy snow threats in New Year's holiday storm
Trump administration stops Minnesota child care payments amid fraud claims
TOP STORIES
MOST POPULAR
Jason Lalljee
13 hours ago
-
Politics & Policy
Kennedy Center exodus: The 11 acts, creators pulling out amid Trump takeover

President Trump. Photo by Taylor Hill/FilmMagic

President Trump's takeover this year of the Kennedy Center — which was renamed to include Trump earlier this month — is continuing to trigger cancellations from scheduled acts.

The big picture: At least three sets of performers have pulled out in the wake of the renaming, joining at least eight others who left Kennedy Center roles or canceled appearances following Trump's February election as board chairman.

Go deeper (4 min. read)
Julianna Bragg
13 hours ago
-
Health
U.S. measles cases reach highest level in over 30 years: CDC

A vial of the Measles, Mumps and Rubella (MMR) vaccination for children. Photo: Patrick T. Fallon/AFP/Getty Images

The number of recorded measles cases in the U.S. during 2025 has exceeded 2,000 for the first time in more than 30 years, according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

Why it matters: This year's surge in cases and prolonged outbreaks could cause the U.S. to lose its globally recognized measles "elimination status" for the first time in decades by the end of January 2026.

Go deeper (1 min. read)
Courtenay Brown
17 hours ago
-
Business
Some Fed officials argued to keep interest rates on hold, meeting minutes show

A New York Stock Exchange television shows Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell speaking at a news conference earlier this month. Photo: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg via Getty Images

Some Federal Reserve officials were hesitant to support more interest rate cuts in 2026, according to minutes from the Fed's most recent policy meeting published on Tuesday.

Why it matters: The Fed is split over how much more to lower borrowing costs to support the economy, a division that might deepen next year against the backdrop of President Trump pressuring the central bank to lower rates.

Go deeper (2 min. read)
View more stories
THE LATEST
2026 laws that could impact your wallet
When 2026 Social Security payments arrive — and what's changing
DOJ says Virginia's in-state tuition for undocumented students violates federal law
Meta's deal for Manus AI could be worth $2.5 billion
Why ISIS is back on the radar as Trump launches attacks in Nigeria
Smarter, faster on what matters.
Explore Axios Newsletters
About Axios
Advertise with us
Careers
Contact us
Newsletters
Axios Live
Axios HQ
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Axios Homepage

Axios Media Inc., 2025