Login
Sign up
The Gateway to DeFi

Axiom is the only trading platform you'll ever need.

Start Trading
Backed by
Advanced Features to videoline Your Trading.
From wallet tracking to real-time analytics, we've got you covered.
Order Execution Engine
Trade with confidence.
Wallet and Twitter Tracker
Trade and track all in one place.
Hyperliquid Perpetuals
Trade leveraged Perps.
Yield
Earn while you sleep.
Land in ≤ 1 Block
Our limit order execution engine is the fastest in the market.
With our proprietary order execution engine and colocated nodes, our limit orders land in ≤ 1 block.
Migration Sniper
Buy and sell any migrating token, landing in ≤ 1 block.
With our migration sniper, you're never too late to the party. Be the first to get in or secure profits.
s
No MEV Triggers
Never get your limit orders triggered by MEV again.
Axiom utilizes MEV-resistant execution paths with frontrunning and sandwiching protection, meaning your limit orders are safe with us.
Auto-Strategies
Set your entire trading strategy in motion with a single click.
Advanced trading strategies lets you buy and place your limit orders in one click. We'll handle the rest.
Deep Liquidity
Instant Fills
Powered by
Up to 15% APY
Instant Withdrawals
Powered by
Marginfi
Try Advanced Ordering
Rewards
Get paid to trade.
Rewards
Earn SOL from trading.
Progress through the Ranks
Earn higher reward rates.
Referrals
Earn points and SOL from your friends.
Axiom Points
Earn points through trading, referrals, and quests.
Architecture
Integrations
Axiom integrates all the different protocols and applications you use, giving you a seamless trading experience.
Non-Custodial
The Axiom wallet is fully non-custodial, secured by Turnkey's scalable infrastructure for managing private keys across blockchains. With air-gapped architecture, it ensures robust security, seamless recovery, and protection from vulnerabilities.
FAQ
What is Axiom?
Axiom is a trading platform designed to be the only application you need to trade onchain. We offer a suite a integrations that allow you to trade the hottest assets, all in one place.
How secure is Axiom?
Axiom uses industry-leading security measures including non-custodial infrastructure, secure key management, and encryption to ensure your security. To learn more about our wallet infrastructure, visit our partner Turnkey.
Can I buy crypto on Axiom?
Yes, through our partnership with Coinbase, Axiom users have the ability to buy up to $500 worth of crypto per week, no-KYC.
How does Axiom offer yield?
Axiom offers a seamless way to earn passive income. We offer up to 15% APY on your assets, with instant withdrawals. To learn more, visit our partner Marginfi.
Is Axiom decentralized?
Yes, Axiom is decentralized. We integrate directly with decentralized protocols and applications. Your funds and transactions are fully onchain and your funds are always in your control.
Optimize Your Trades with the Right Tools
Launch Axiom
© 2025 Axiom. All rights reserved.
Contact
Docs
Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Service