Life Insurance: Buy Best Insurance Policy Online | Axis Max Life Insurance Term Insurance Term Insurance Plans Term Insurance Calculator Term Insurance for Women Term Insurance for House Wife Term Insurance for Self Employed Term Insurance for NRI Term Insurance for Senior Citizens More About Term Plans Zero Cost Term Insurance Income Replacement Term Plan Term Insurance without medical test Claim settlement Ratio Term Insurance vs Life Insurance Term Insurance with Return of Premium Term Plans By Sum Assured 5 Crore Term Insurance 2 Crore Term Insurance 1.5 Crore Term Insurance 1 Crore Term Insurance 75 Lakh Term Insurance Term Plan By Age Group Term Insurance Plan in 50s Term Insurance Plan in 30s Insurance Calculators Insurance need calculator Mortality risk calculator Home loan insurance calculator HLV calculator Our Term Products Axis Max Life Smart Secure Plus Plan Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Plan Axis Max Life Saral Jeevan Bima Plan Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus Investment Plans ULIP Unit Linked Insurance Plans (ULIPs) Types of ULIPs ULIP Calculator Save Tax with ULIPs Benefits of ULIPs Pension Plans Types of Pension Plans Pension Calculator Annuity Plans What is Retirement Planning? Guaranteed Lifetime Income Plan Saving Schemes Atal Pension Yojana National Pension Scheme Public Provident Fund Kisan Vikas Patra Scheme ELSS Fund Savings Calculators Investment Calculator Index Fund Calculator FD Calculator Step Up SIP Calculator SIP Calculator Funds High Growth Fund Pure Growth Fund Secure Plus Fund Conservative Fund Life Balanced Fund Child Investment Plans Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana Child Education Cost Planning Calculator Our Investment Products Smart Fixed Return Digital Plan Smart Wealth Advantage Guarantee Fast Track Super Platinum Wealth Plan Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan Healthcare Plans Health Insurance Plans Critical Illness Insurance Benefits of Health Insurance ABHA Types of Health Insurance Maternity Health Insurance Mediclaim Mediclaim vs Health Insurance Mediclaim Policy Mediclaim Deduction Mediclaim Policy for Family Mediclaim Policy for Senior Citizens NRI Plans NRI Term Plan Term Plans for NRI in UAE Term Plans for NRI in USA Term Plans for NRI in Canada Term Plans for NRI in Singapore Term Plans for NRI in Qatar NRI Investment Plans Investment Plans for NRI in UAE Investment Plans for NRI in Qatar Calculators Retirement Retirement Planning Calculator APY Calculator NPS Calculator Tax Income Tax Calculator HRA Calculator ELSS Calculator Investment PPF Calculator Lumpsum Calculator NSC Calculator SWP Calculator RD Calculator ROI Calculator SSY Calculator Other Calculators BMI Calculator Simple Interest Calculator Compound Interest Calculator EMI Calculator Track Application Select a method to track policy E-quote number Policy number Enter E-quote Number Date of birth (DD-MM-YYYY) Track Now If you have recently calculated a quote of Axis Max Life insurance product(s), your e-Quote number can be found in email / SMS sent. Join as Advisor Login Individual Non-Individual HUF / Partnership / Employer-Employee / Keyman MAIN CATEGORY Life Insurance Plans Resources Check CIBIL Score Branch Locator Blogs Claim Centre Renew Policy Become a Life Advisor About Us Contact Us Continue Your Journey Web Stories GST On Insurance Income Tax Rules Changes Invest ₹15K/month & get ₹4.05 Crore @@ at maturity! New High Growth Fund II NFO starts on 31st Dec | Avail with Newly launched Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan Plus @@ Unlimited Free Fund Switches 23.7% Returns* Market Linked View Plans Launching Axis Max Life High Growth Fund II Available with New Online Savings Plan Plus | 23.7% Past Returns* | NFO Starts 31st Dec | Avail Rs.10 NAV till 15th Jan View Plans Get ₹1 Cr Term Plan at ₹578/Month @7 Up to 15% Salaried Discount, Free Health Benefits worth ₹50,000. 100% Money back guarantee along with Instaclaim Benefit 99.70% Claim Paid Ratio* 0% GST On Premiums Check Premium Invest ₹15K/month & get ₹4.05 Crore @@ at maturity! New High Growth Fund II NFO starts on 31st Dec | Avail with Newly launched Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan Plus @@ Unlimited Free Fund Switches 23.7% Returns* Market Linked View Plans Launching Axis Max Life High Growth Fund II Available with New Online Savings Plan Plus | 23.7% Past Returns* | NFO Starts 31st Dec | Avail Rs.10 NAV till 15th Jan View Plans Get ₹1 Cr Term Plan at ₹578/Month @7 Up to 15% Salaried Discount, Free Health Benefits worth ₹50,000. 100% Money back guarantee along with Instaclaim Benefit 99.70% Claim Paid Ratio* 0% GST On Premiums Check Premium Invest ₹15K/month & get ₹4.05 Crore @@ at maturity! New High Growth Fund II NFO starts on 31st Dec | Avail with Newly launched Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan Plus @@ Unlimited Free Fund Switches 23.7% Returns* Market Linked View Plans 1 2 3 Our Popular Insurance Plans 🌟NFO Market Linked Past Returns 23.7% @@ High Growth Fund II* View Plans View Plans 15% Online Discount 3 Sum Assured ₹2 Crore Protect Your Family’s Future Check Premium Check Premium Invest Rs. 10K/Month for Pension up to ₹2.7L/M ^$ with Tax Savings + Lifelong Income View Plans View Plans 15% Online Discount 3 Sum Assured ₹3 Crore Term Insurance for NRI Check Premium Check Premium 🌟NFO NRI Savings Plan Get Upto ₹5.45 Cr. @@ By Investing ₹20k/Month View Plans View Plans 15%+15% Online Discount 3 Sum Assured ₹1 Crore Women-centric Term Plans Check Premium Check Premium NFO Closes in View Plans Insurance Solutions for Every Need Term Insurance Term 15% Discount Investment Plans Investment NFO Retirement Plans Retirement Child Plans Child 15% Discount 3 Avail 0% GST Your Name Date of Birth Are you an NRI Residence Country Select Country Phone Number Email Annual Income (Lakhs) Annual Income (Lakhs) lessThanThreeLacs Check Premium Select options I've read and accepted all Terms and Conditions . I authorize Axis Max Life Insurance to contact me via SMS/Email/Phone/WhatsApp/Facebook or any other modes overriding my 'DND'. * T&C Apply. For more details, terms and conditions please refer to the end of this page in the disclaimers section. Why 3 Crore+ Indians Choose Axis Max Life ? Axis Max Life Insurance Limited (formerly known as Max Life Insurance Co. Ltd.) is a Joint Venture between Max Financial Services Limited (“MFSL”) and Axis Bank Limited. Axis Max Life Insurance offers comprehensive protection and long-term savings life insurance solutions through its multi-channel distribution, including agency and third-party distribution partners. Axis Max Life Insurance has built its operations over two decades through a need-based sales process, a customer-centric approach to engagement and service delivery and trained human capital. As per the annual audited financials for FY2024-25, Axis Max Life Insurance has achieved a gross written premium of ₹33,223 Cr. Here are some of the numbers that speak about our accomplishments. 99.70% Death Claim Paid Ratio Source : Individual Death Claims Paid Ratio as per audited financials for FY 2024-25) ₹2,191,857 Crore Sum Assured In force (individual) (Source : Axis Max Life Public Disclosure, FY 2024-25) ₹1.7 Lakh Crore Asset Under Management (Source : Axis Max Life Public Disclosure, FY 2024-25) 405 Branch - Touchpoints of Trust Axis Max Life Presence (Source : As reported to IRDAI, FY 2024-25) Life Insurance Life insurance refers to the legally binding contract between a policyholder and an insurance company that provides financial protection to his/her family. The insurer promises to offer the insurance benefit in exchange for regular premiums paid by the life insured. The ‘financial protection’ under life insurance is provided in the form of life cover, also known as sum assured. It is a pre-agreed amount that is payable in case of an untoward incident with the life insured. For the insurance policy to be enforceable and life insurance quotes to be accurate, your application must accurately disclose your current and past health conditions. Also, you need to pay a single premium or regular premiums as chosen when buying life insurance. You can estimate the life insurance quotes for your financial profile by using the insurance calculators . Financial Security Child Future Planning Corpus Over Long Term Disciplined Investments Tax Saving Retirement Planning Buying a life insurance plan with an adequate sum assured acts as a financial cushion for your family members. It ensures that they do not live a compromised Lifestyle or disregard their life goals in your absence. Finding a right Axis Max Life Insurance plan for you and your family will be a wise financial move. With the help of life insurance, you can plan your children's future, including their higher education plans. The Axis Max Life Insurance benefits received when you’re not around help them fulfil their dreams just as you have planned for them. Most life insurance policies ask for long-term commitment of timely premium payments for wealth creation to fulfil various life goals. You can also opt for Axis Max Life Insurance plans with maturity benefits to enjoy life with financial independence. When you explore Iife insurance quotes as per your financial profile, you will get a clearer picture of the knowhow. Putting some money aside for investment in various financial instruments becomes difficult when there are multiple financial responsibilities around. Opting for a suitable Axis Max Life Plan can help you diversify your investments more efficiently.
You can enjoy the dual benefits of life cover and investment with number of Axis Max Life Plans. Axis Max Life Insurance policies help you save tax u/s 80C of the Income Tax Act. The premiums you pay for a life insurance plan makes you eligible for tax deductions of up to Rs. 1,50,000 . You can also save more tax under Section 80D on choosing health-related riders with your life insurance plan. Get a life insurance quote to plan your tax savings effectively. There are various life insurance plans from Axis Max Life that you can choose to plan for your retired life.
A monthly income or lump sum payouts option with these plans allows you to enjoy your life after retirement without financial worries. Such life insurance will allow you to plan years ahead of your retirement, giving you a sizeable corpus to lead a comfortable life. Simplifying Life Insurance For you What is Life Insurance? How does life insurance work? What are the Benefits of Life Insurance? What are the types of life insurance? Plan Your Life Efficiently with Insurance What Happens When You Purchase Life Insurance? Why should you consider life insurance? Why should you buy life insurance? Why is buying life insurance a good idea? Who is most likely to buy life insurance? What are the documents required to buy life insurance? How to buy life insurance? Why should I buy life insurance online? How Much Life Insurance Do I Need? What are the factors that affect the life insurance premium? How to select the best life insurance? Why choose Axis Max life insurance? Built on the Foundation of Max Life Insurance – Backed by the Strength of Axis Bank (Double Bharosa) Max Life Insurance is now Axis Max Life Insurance Popular Axis Max Life Insurance Plans How to file a life insurance claim? What are the Payout Options Available with Axis Max Life Insurance? What are the documents required to file a life insurance claim? Additional documents required on basis of cause of death Important terms related to life insurance Why Should NRIs Buy Life Insurance in India? What are the Life Insurance Benefits for Young Professionals’ Needs? Life is uncertain but with a little advance planning you can financially protect your loved ones in your absence. Life insurance can be one such powerful financial protection tool which is also popular among individuals. With a life insurance in a place, you can live a worry-free life as it takes care of major future family expenses like lifestyle costs, education, marriage and loan repayments when you’re not around. Life insurance purchase You need to spend maximum time deciding on buying the most suitable life insurance plan at this stage. The life insurance quotes for your financial profile will help you make the decision. Although the best life insurance policies offer the flexibility to choose the benefits, the ultimate choice lies in your hands. Hence, you must consider various factors, like plan tenure, premium, riders, and, most importantly, the reason to buy life insurance and find the life insurance quotes. You can then buy the plan online or offline as per your preference. Premium Payment As per the life insurance contract, the insurers promise to pay a pre-decided amount to the life insured or policy nominee provided the insured pays the premium without fail. In other words, all the benefits that you can get under a life insurance policy are based on the timely premium payment. To calculate premiums for term insurance use Term Insurance Calculator . To calculate premiums for investment plans use Investment Calculator . Hence, it is advisable to choose a premium that you can easily pay on time along with other financial liabilities. Your life insurance quotes will allow you to speculate on the premium costs in the coming years. Claim Filing The last stage of a life insurance plan is related to filing for a claim to get the expected insurance benefits. In case of your unfortunate demise, the nominee will receive the sum assured as defined in the contract. To receive it, the nominee has to submit a claim form along with various documents. Upon verification of claim, the insurance company releases the benefit to the nominee. For life insurance plans with a return of premium option, the insured gets the total of all premiums paid back if insured person survives the policy term, which can be used to achieve several life goals. The following are the benefits of life insurance: Provides Financial Security for Your Family Life insurance ensures that your loved ones are financially protected in case of your untimely death. The payout helps your family cover living expenses, pay off debts, and maintain their lifestyle even in your absence. Acts as a Long-Term Savings Tool Certain life insurance plans combine protection with savings, allowing you to build a financial corpus over time. This can serve as a stable source of income during retirement or for future needs. Supports Your Children’s Future It can support the education, marriage, or other major milestones of your children. So, it ensures that your financial difficulties do not affect their future ambitions. Provides Income during Health-Related Setbacks Some policies offer financial support if your earning capacity decreases due to a severe illness or accident. This benefit can help you manage treatment costs and household expenses during recovery. Prepares You for Unexpected Expenses Life insurance assists you in managing unexpected financial requirements or emergencies. It provides liquidity and financial stability, allowing you to manage lifestyle expenses or sudden obligations without stress. Following are the most important types of life insurance available in India: Type of Life Insurance Policy Key Features Ideal For Maturity Benefit Term Insurance Offers life cover for a chosen duration. 
Pays a benefit to dependents in case of death or total and permanent Disability if the policy includes that feature. 
No payout is usually made if the insured outlives the term. Individuals seeking affordable protection for a fixed period. Not applicable Whole Life Insurance Provides cover throughout one’s lifetime. Ensures a guaranteed death benefit, helping families stay financially secure in the long run. It can also help create a financial legacy for heirs. People who want lifelong protection and wish to leave an inheritance. Yes Endowment Policy Merges saving and insurance. Pays the sum assured to nominees in the event of death or disability of the insured within the policy period. 
In case the policyholder lives until the end of the term, the maturity value is given out. Those who want disciplined savings along with life cover. Yes Money Back or Cash Back Plan Survival benefits are paid as a part of the sum assured at regular intervals. The remaining amount is paid at maturity. The life cover continues for the full sum assured throughout the term, regardless of payouts already made. People who prefer periodic returns rather than waiting till the end of the policy. Yes Children Policies Policies made to secure the future of the child. Benefits can be designed in a manner to make funds available when there are major milestones. Many plans waive future premiums if the parent passes away during the term, allowing the policy to continue. Parents planning long-term financial support for their child’s education or life milestones. Yes Annuity Pension Plans Converts retirement savings into a regular income stream. Gives financial security even after retirement. Professionals and retirees seeking guaranteed post-retirement income. Yes Unit Linked Insurance Plans (ULIPs) Blend investment with life cover. Allow the policyholder to choose funds and switch between them. Market performance affects the value of units invested. Charges such as fund management fees apply. Investment risk lies with the policyholder. Investors who are comfortable with market-linked returns and want insurance and growth potential. Depends on the performance of the fund Let's understand all the types of life insurance briefly below. Term Insurance It is the simplest types of life insurance that provides financial safety to the life insureds family in case of the untimely demise. Depending on your income and liabilities, you can select an adequate sum assured under this type of life insurance plan to safeguard the financial interest of your loved ones. ULIP A Unit Linked Insurance Plan or ULIP is a unique form of life insurance. It provides life cover while also allowing you to invest money in market-linked instruments. By investing in ULIPs, you get the benefits of market linked returns over the long term, life cover, income tax savings, and flexibility to switch between funds. The life insurance quotes will enable you to determine the amount required for financial security and investment purposes, so that you can divide it efficiently. Retirement Plans These plans are insurance policies that provide financial security for your retirement days. These life insurance plans help you invest money during the working years and create a corpus that you can use as a whole or in parts to fund your retired life. You can think of investing in retirement plans as a disciplined way to plan for the golden years of life. Child Plans Child insurance plans, commonly known as saving life insurance plans, are designed to help you secure your child\'s future. Along with life cover, your child receives the benefit of pay-outs at different milestones during the educational journey under these life insurance plans. Investing in child plans shields your child\'s future against unfortunate events like death or critical illnesses Savings and Income Plans As life insurance products, these plans can help you instill the habit of disciplined savings to ensure steady returns in the form of monthly income or a lumpsum amount. Alongside, these life insurance plans provide various other benefits, including death benefits, tax benefits, terminal illness benefits, to name a few. Check the life insurance quotes and details before making investment decisions, so you can allocate your money in the right places Group Insurance Plans These life insurance plans are meant for organizations or groups to provide life cover to the employees or group members, respectively. Through group insurance plans , the employers tend to take care of the financial security of their employees’ family, thus motivating them to work harder to maintain high-performing businesses. Keeping this cover in mind, you can check the life insurance quotes for additional financial security for your loved ones. Whole Life Plan A whole life plan is type of a life insurance plan which provides life cover benefit till the age 100 years. Many consider this as a term plan with a policy term that extends for the entire life of the insured individual. So, in this term plan variant, the death benefit is paid out to the nominee if the insured individual dies at any time before attaining the age of 100 years. A whole life plan typically does not offer maturity benefit to the insured individual if they attain the age of 100 years. Endowment Plan An endowment plan is a type of life insurance plan that combines the benefit of life cover along with long-term savings benefits. So primarily, an endowment plan ensures that the policy beneficiary received additional protection in the case of the insured individual’s untimely demise while the plan is in force. Additionally, this life insurance plan also provides maturity benefits through accrued savings if the insured individual survives the policy term. Many investors tend to make a common mistake of investing in instruments without factoring their entire financial picture – the equity they have built-in their home, existing loans, and other liabilities. Ideally, every asset and investment you own should factor into your risk-reward equation. Getting your life insurance plan at an appropriate stage in life allows you to take more risk when it comes to securing your life and making sure that you provision a significantly large financial corpus (in the form of insurance coverage) as backup against contingencies, while continuing to invest for other life goals. Moreover, with a life insurance plan in your pocket, you can be sure that even if something happens to you, your family will not have to deal with a financial crisis at any time during their lives. Planning with life insurance plans will help your family stay financially protected, serving as a safety net that will prove useful in case of an eventuality. Also, the insurance coverage will augment the total accumulated value of your investments, making sure that your loved ones continue to have a lifestyle that you intended for them, even if you are not there with them. When you buy life insurance, you buy protection plan that’s carefully designed to protect your family from future mishaps. If something unfortunate happens to you, your insurer makes sure that the payout is paid timely to your chosen nominee. This life insurance payout helps your kids, spouse, parents manage everyday expenses and other financial responsibilities without depending on others or drowning in debt. The process of buying a life insurance starts by choosing the right type of policy. How do you define the right policy? Well, it’s simple. You choose the sum assured, policy duration, premium amount, and optional riders that suit your lifestyle and needs. It’s recommended to factor in family size, any current loans, and long-term financial commitments while deciding life insurance coverage. After selecting a plan and completing an application, you might have to go through medical tests to assess health risk appropriately. Your accurate premium is decided on the basis of your age, lifestyle, profession, and medical history. Upon approval, you pay the first premium and your policy gets activated. You receive a policy document, usually online, sometimes offline too, which has policy conditions, benefits, and exclusions in simple, clear language. You have to pay premiums on time to keep the policy active. A lapsed policy puts your family’s future at risk because the insurer cannot provide benefits if coverage is inactive. Most insurers also offer grace periods to help policyholders maintain continuity. Now your job is to keep paying the premiums on a monthly, quarterly, of annual basis so that your policy doesn’t get lapsed. In case of unfortunate event, during the active policy period, your nominee can file a claim with the insurer. The claim process generally involves submitting the claim form, death certificate, and identity documents. Insurers review the claim and release the payout after following standard verification procedures. This ensures your family receives timely support without unnecessary stress. With Axis Max Life Insurance’s Insta Claim facility, claim is paid within a few hours, without any hassle. The most important reason to consider a life insurance is to provide long-term financial protection to your family when they need it the most. When you look at the dynamics of most Indian families, a single income supports multiple dependents. The sudden loss of that income can cause financial stress and put your kids, spouse, and parents in a tough spot. When you look at the dynamics of most Indian families, a single income supports multiple dependents. The sudden loss of that income can cause financial stress and put your kids, spouse, and parents in a tough spot. Life insurance absorbs that shock by offering a guaranteed payout to your family in case of your unfortunate demise. With this amount, it will be easy for them to manage daily expenses, lifestyle needs, and future goals. It ensures that they have their financial independence rather than depending on relatives or loans. Life insurance is extremely crucial for you if you have long-term responsibilities. Your long-term responsibilities include children’s education, your parents’ medical bills, or loans taken for a home or any other needs. Life insurance encourages disciplined saving through regular premium payments. There are some types of term life insurance plans that offer maturity benefits that help build wealth over time. If you fall under the old tax regime, your life insurance premiums may qualify for tax benefits, helping you save more while securing your family’s future. An important thing to keep in mind is that young and healthy individuals enjoy lower premiums and wider plan options. You should buy life insurance because it provides certainty and protection in situations where your family may have to go through financial stress. Buying a policy ensures your dependents receive financial support if something unexpected happens to you. This support helps them manage essential expenses without affecting their long-term goals. In Indian households, financial responsibilities often extend across generations. You may be supporting parents, spouse, children, or even siblings based on family expectations. Life insurance ensures these responsibilities continue without disruption. Buying life insurance ensures your family maintains their current lifestyle. Your income helps pay for rent, EMIs, school fees, and daily expenses, which cannot stop suddenly. A life insurance payout replaces this income and reduces financial shock. One major reason to buy life insurance is protection from long-term liabilities. Many people take home loans, education loans, or business loans to fulfil family needs. If something happens to you, these obligations can put your dependents under immense pressure. Life insurance ensures your family does not lose assets or face pressure. At its core, life insurance is a financial benefit for possible contingencies linked to human life. These include death, disability, or retirement. When these contingencies occur, they result in loss of income for the household. It is where a life insurance plan works to benefit you and your family. Under a life insurance plan, a monetary sum is offered as per life insurance plan opted to help cope up with the loss of income in the future years. Depending on your life insurance quotes, it can relieve a significant amount of financial burden. Hence, you should buy life insurance: To ensure financial support to your immediate family after you To finance your child's education plans To get a steady source of income in life To get insurance benefits in case your earnings are impacted due to a critical illness Having life insurance gives you more than just a life cover. It also helps create wealth over the long term for you and your loved ones. Most importantly, life insurance gives peace of mind that your family will live life comfortably, should anything happen to you. Buying life insurance is a good decision for people at different life stages. For newly married people After you have just tied the knot with a better half, you get the responsibility to plan for his/her well-being as well. Your life insurance quotes as a single person and married person will vary as you will have increased financial obligations. Along with the plans that you have already made for the life ahead, it always helps to prepare for the future with a life insurance plan. For young parents As a young parent, you can feel immense joy all around. Alongside your spouse, you now have another life to care for. With a life insurance plan, you can plan for your child's future in terms of education, marriage, and many others. The life insurance quotes when you buy a plan for your child's future will account for these factors. They will ensure that your kids’ dreams get fulfilled as planned. For individuals with financial liabilities Along with a growing family, the liabilities grow as well. To accommodate your loved ones, you buy a bigger home or buy a dream car that they all love, which gets added to your liabilities. Purchasing a life insurance plan for your loved ones ensures that your loved ones can shoulder these liabilities easily, if you have the right life insurance quotes. For people nearing retirement Retirement planning is something that you should not take lightly, regardless of your current income. By investing in a life insurance plan, you can build a corpus for your twilight years and live life without facing financial dependence. You can also plan to receive a steady income during the retired life by getting reliable life insurance quotes, at the right stage in life. Life insurance helps you to take care of family's financial security in future. Before applying you should keep the following documents ready at your end to speed up the processing: Address proof: Aadhar, passport, driving license Income proof: Salary slips, bank statement, ITR Identity proof: PAN card, passport, driving license Medical history : Any relevant medical records Photograph: Might asked to provide a passport size Life insurance is an important financial commitment. However, many people think that the process of buying an insurance plan India is too complicated, but the reality is somewhat opposite. You can follow the instructions below and get a policy in no time: Firstly, you need to identify your goals and select a preferred plan. For example, if you have a home loan and you want to protect your family from the financial burden of the loan, in case of life loss, you should select an Axis Max Life Term Insurance Plan. After that, decide how much you can invest per month or year given your annual net income with a help of premium calculators. Add riders (if needed) such as accidental death benefit to avoid any sudden financial liability later. Next, complete the application form. Pay the premium. You will get choice of payment options if you opt for online payment mode. Appear for medical examination, if your policy mandates you to do so. After that the policy will be processed for background checks and verifications. Once completed, the policy will be issued and shared on your registered email address. Almost all insurance companies in India have made life insurance plans available online, and a rising number of people are choosing the online mode. If you are still confused about what method you should choose, then here is a rundown of some advantages of buying a life insurance plan online: Online life insurance is less expensive than offline mode because insurance companies are not required to pay commissions on plans offered online. By using online platforms, you can readily compare various products from all of the top insurers. When searching for life insurance online, no one is forcing or pressuring you to choose a specific policy. So, you are less likely to take biased decisions. There are online platforms that allow you to browse, compare, and purchase a policy at any time in order to make your application process easy and informed. The ideal amount of life insurance coverage varies for each individual and depends on several personal and financial factors, including: Number of Dependents The more individuals depend on your salary, the greater the coverage you are going to need to provide them with financial security. For example, if you have a family of 4 and are the sole earning member, you must select a sum assured amount which is 15 to 20 times your annual income. Say a ₹2 crore life insurance policy if you are earning 10 Lacs annually. This helps ensure that there is adequate financial coverage for all your dependants. Desired Lifestyle for Your Family Take into account the quality of life you would wish your family to live in if you’re not around. Children’s Education Expenses Consider future education expenditure and other key financial objectives of your children. Investment and Financial Goals Your coverage must be in line with your long-term financial strategies, such as savings or wealth-building requirements. Prepares You for Unexpected Expenses Life insurance assists you in managing unexpected financial requirements or emergencies. It provides liquidity and financial stability, allowing you to manage lifestyle expenses or sudden obligations without stress. Budget and Affordability Choose a policy that provides adequate protection without straining your current finances.
For instance, getting life insurance early in your career can be a smart move. Purchasing a term plan in your 20s helps you lock in much lower premiums for a long period. If you are a 25-year-old non-smoker, you can get a ₹1 crore policy by contributing just ₹7,000 to ₹10,000 per year (approximately basis T&C appliable). It gives you affordable protection now while ensuring your loved ones are secure if new obligations arise later, such as family support or a loan repayment. We all know that life insurance can give us a much-needed sense of security, but can we afford the insurance premium? If you are wondering what affects your life insurance premium in the first place, then check the below listed factors, before you commit: Your Age: Generally, younger individuals are subjected to lower premiums. As age increases, the risk of insurance providers rises and resulting in higher premiums. Policy Term: Long-term policies come with higher premiums due to the extended coverage period. Sum Assured: A higher sum assured corresponds to a higher life insurance premium. The reason for this is that a higher payout raises the risk for the insurer, which impacts the premium price. Medical History: Life insurance companies in India may request a medical examination to assess overall health. Existing health conditions at the time of examination can result in higher premiums. Occupation: Riskier occupations like mining work lead to higher premiums, reflecting the increased likelihood of potential claims. Understanding the insurance requirements is essential when selecting the correct life insurance plan. Hence, to make an informed decision, follow these steps and find the best life insurance plan that best suits your needs: Determine Your Insurance Needs: In order to select the right life insurance, amount of coverage, and policy term, you have to start by figuring out your family's financial requirements, future goals, and current lifestyle. Compare Plans and Premiums: Select a life insurance policy that offers maximum value at a premium that completely fits your budget. For comparison, you can use take help of a life insurance calculator and check different plans. Consider Your Budget: Age, health, and policy type can influence the cost, so it's important to select a premium amount that you can afford on a monthly or yearly basis. Check for Riders: Life insurance riders add a great value in your new/existing policy as they enhance your coverage in unfortunate events like accident or illness. So, take your time to consider your needs before deciding which ones to select. Check the Claim Settlement Ratio (CSR): Only consider insurance providers such as Axis Max Life Insurance that show a demonstrated history of consistent high claim settlement ratio over at least last 3 years while choosing an insurance policy India. Check Company Reputation: Before selecting an insurance company, you must research its financial stability, claim settlement ratio and customer service record. It ensures that your insurance needs will be met in an efficient manner. Axis Max Life Insurance is known for its strong customer-centric approach and financial stability, which offers various insurance plans, including savings, protection, and pensions. So, if you are wondering why you should choose Axis Max Life as your life insurance partner, here are some top reasons that help you to know more about it: Axis Max Life Insurance is a joint venture between Axis Bank Ltd. and Max Financial Services Ltd. So, it brings double trust of two large Indian companies. With a claim settlement ratio (CSR) of 99.65%, Axis Max Life offers assurance to insurance buyers in case of any unfortunate development in life. Axis Max Life focuses on customer satisfaction and ensures smooth customer buying journeys. The company provides a very understandable claim settlement process in case the nominee files the claim. The company is committed to an excellent customer support service to insurance buyers. Axis Bank + Max Life Insurance = Axis Max Life Insurance = Double The Bharosa! 20+ Years of Trust in Insurance with Axis Max Life Insurance Proven Track Record with Over ₹2,191,857 Sum Assured and 201% Solvency Ratio. Joint Venture with Axis Bank – Enhanced Customer Access Consistent Death Claim Paid Ratio Over 99% mark for more than 5 years On December 13, 2024, Max Life Insurance rebranded itself as Axis Max Life Insurance. This rebranding is a significant milestone in the evolution of Axis Max Life Insurance and strengthens the company’s association with Axis Bank, which has been a key partner in the life insurance space. Axis Max Life Insurance Term Plans Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus : This is a Non-Linked, Non-Participating Individual Pure Risk Life Insurance Plan that offers unmatched flexibility to help safeguard your family's financial future, even in the face of unforeseen circumstances. Axis Max Life Smart Secure Plus Plan : This Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual Pure Risk Life Insurance Plan provides the insured with not just life cover benefit but also includes an in-built cover for terminal illness and the option of availing returns of Premium. Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan : This Non-Linked, Non-Participating Individual Pure Risk Life Insurance Plan offers comprehensive and customisable protection solution at an affordable premium so that your family's lifestyle can be maintained even in your absence. Axis Max Life Insurance Savings Plans Axis Max Life Capital Guarantee Solution : This savings solution from Axis Max Life Insurance combines the benefit of guaranteed returns of Axis Max Life Insurance Smart Wealth Advantage Guarantee Plan with benefit of the market-linked returns of Axis Max Life Insurance Online Savings Plan in a single package. Axis Max Life Smart Fixed-return Digital Plan : This online-only solution from Axis Max Life Insurance allows you to lock-in interest rates at policy inception. This way you can grow your wealth and get tax-free returns without worrying about changing market conditions. Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Advantage Guarantee Plan aka SWAG Plan : This is a Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Savings Plan. Axis Max life SWAG Plan offers guaranteed returns along with life cover benefit, which is ideal for long-term wealth building and tax savings. Axis Max Life Insurance ULIP Plans Axis Max Life Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan : This Unit Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Plan from Axis Max Life Insurance offers various unique features to policyholders such as return of all charges1, guaranteed loyalty additions to enhance your fund value~*, auto-debit boosters, smart withdrawals and more. Axis Max Life Smart Term with Additional Returns ULIP : This Unit Linked Non Participating Individual Life Insurance Plan from Axis Max Life Insurance features the benefit of high sum assured with market-linked capital appreciation. This highly customisable plan features key benefits like unlimited free fund switches, emergency withdrawal options and return of charges. Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan : This ULIP plan from Axis Max Life Insurance helps maximise capital appreciation with unique features such as nil administration and allocation charges. With multiple funds to choose from this plan can fulfill the needs of investors with various risk profiles and ensure financial security of loved ones with in-built life cover benefit. Axis Max Life Insurance Child Plans Axis Max Life Shiksha Plus Super Plan : This is a Unit-Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Plan from Axis Max Life Insurance can help fund your child's education cost and future. With a policy term of 15 years to 25 years and guaranteed loyalty addition, this is a smart way to save for your child's future higher education expenses. Axis Max Life Insurance Retirement & Pension Plans Axis Max Life Guaranteed Lifetime Income Plan : This is a Non Linked Non-Participating Individual General Annuity Savings Plan from Axis Max Life Insurance. It offers policyholders with risk-free life-long income so that they can enjoy their golden years without financial stress Axis Max Life Smart Guaranteed Pension Plan : This is a Non-linked, Non-Participating, Single Premium Individual/Group General Savings Annuity Plan offered by Axis Max Life Insurance. This retirement solution offers customisations such as joint-life to ensure payouts to the spouse after death of the primary annuitant and death benefit in the form of a lump sum payout of the premium amount to the nominee Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Annuity Guaranteed Pension Plan : This retirement solution from Axis Max Life Insurance is a Non-Linked, Non-Participating Individual/Group General Annuity Savings Plan. The plan offers multiple customization options to ensure that your post-retirement lifelong income is aligned with your unique lifestyle needs and keeps pace with rising inflation. Axis Max Life Insurance NRI Plans Term Plan with Health Insurance Benefits from Axis Max Life Insurance : Secure Earnings Wellness Advantage Plan: Also known as Axis Max Life SEWA. this solution is a Non-Linked, Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Savings Plan that combines a range of wellness benefits with savings and protection. This can help manage health costs and fulfill financial goals during your lifetime while ensuring the financial protection of your loved ones after your death. A claim refers to an official request filled with your insurance company claiming a payout an eligible event in case of policyholder's demise/maturity. To file a life insurance claim, here are the steps you have to follow: Step 1: As a first step, the nominee should formally inform their insurance company if the policyholder dies. Step 2: Next, the nominee has to fill in the claim form that the insurance company provides along with any supporting documents (if any). Step 3: After that, the company will appoint an agent who verify if the policyholder dies and do further authenticity checks. Step 4: After confirmation from the agent, the insurance company will inform you the time it will take to process and make the payment to the beneficiary. Axis Max Life Insurance provides flexibility in how your family receives the policy benefits after your passing. You can select a payout option based on what best fits your family’s financial needs and comfort. The available options include: Lump Sum Payout In this option, the nominee gets the whole sum assured amount in one payment in case of the death of the insured individual within the policy period. This offers instant access to money and assists the family to meet huge financial obligations, including repaying loans, school fees or family bills. Acts as a Long-Term Savings Tool Certain life insurance plans combine protection with savings, allowing you to build a financial corpus over time. This can serve as a stable source of income during retirement or for future needs. Lump Sum + Monthly Income Payout Under this arrangement, the nominee gets the sum assured amount as a one-time payment, along with fixed monthly payments over a certain period of time (selected by the policyholder at the time of purchase). This guarantees the immediate monetary relief and also a continuous flow of income to cover your daily living costs, thereby providing your family with monetary stability in the long run. Life insurance claims are classified into three categories, i.e. death claims, rider claims, and maturity claims. To get life insurance claims settled easily, you have to submit the following relevant documents to the insurer: Original Policy documents Original/attested copy of death certificate issued by local municipal authority Death claim application form (Form A) NEFT mandate form attested by bank authorities along with a cancelled cheque or bank account passbook Nominee's photo identity proof such as copy of Passport, PAN card, Voter identity card, Aadhar (UID) card, etc. Current Address proof of the claimant. (Any one of the following: Aadhar Card, Valid Passport or Driver's License, Voters ID are considered as proofs) Signed copy of PAN card / Form 60 of the claimant Employer certificate with complete leave records- Form E ITR for last 3 years’ / GST certificate in case of Self-employed Other life / health insurance details with claim history details Bank statement of last 2 years of the Life Assured Body transfer certificate / Embassy documents / Post Mortem report whichever applicable in case of death in foreign country Complete Passport copy in case of death in foreign country Medical booklet / CGHS card details in case of Defence and Central Govt personnel Attending physician's statement (Form 'C') Medical records (admission notes, discharge/death summary, test reports, etc.) of current and /or any previous admissions Medical/Natural death: Attending physician's statement (Form 'C') Medical records (admission notes, discharge/death summary, test reports, etc.) Medical booklet / CGHS card details in case of Defence and Central Govt personnel Accidental/Unnatural death: Copy of the First Information Report (FIR) or Panchanama/Police complaint Copy of Post Mortem report (PMR)/Autopsy and Viscera report Copy of the Final Police Investigation report (FPIR)/Charge sheet News Paper Article, if any Driving License Life insurance is not only a financial product; it is a safety blanket for your loved ones that provides a lump sum of money to your family if you are no longer with them. Having a detailed understanding of life insurance is critical. Therefore, to make this easier to comprehend, sharing a quick refresher on some of the most common life insurance terms: 1- Accident: An accident is an unplanned circumstance that occurs suddenly, typically resulting in unintended. 2- Agent: The agent of the insurance company sells its products and works as is an intermediary between the policyholder and an insurer. 3- Annual premium: The amount that an individual or entity has to pay annually to an insurance company for the policy opted. 4- Cash value: The investment or saving component of permanent life insurance that grows over time and under some specific circumstances, can be accessed by the policyholder. 5- Beneficiary: In the event of policyholder death, the individual or entity will get the benefits of the insurance policy or bank account. 6- Death benefit: If the insured person passes away, then the insurer pays your nominee(s) as per the agreement in the insurance policy 7- Free-look period: This is the time during which you may cancel the insurance policy without losing the premium paid. 8- Grace period: This is a specified time period that allows the policyholder or insured to make the premium payment that has been delayed. If you do not pay the premium within the grace period (15 days for monthly premium plans and 30 days for other plans), your term insurance policy will expire. Maturity date: It takes place when a life insurance policy expires and the policyholder gets the cash value or other agreed-upon advantages. 10- Limited premium: It is a cost that can only be paid for a specific, time-limited period. Policies coming with limited premium option helps you to save money. 11- Term insurance premium: This is the amount of money that the insurance company charges in return for the coverage offered under a term insurance plan. 12- Policy term: The time frame of the life insurance coverage is known as the policy term. It is the period of time, expressed in years, that the policyholder decides from the start of the life insurance plan until its maturity. 13- Claim: It’s a formal request raised by policyholder/beneficiary/nominee to the insurance company for the payment of benefits of the policy. 14- Riders: Riders are additional benefits that can be separately purchased to get different kinds of coverage under an insurance plan, such as cover for accidental death, critical illness, or total or partial disability. All you have to do is pay an additional nominal premium. If you wish to opt for it 15- Joint life insurance: This life insurance plan provides coverage to two people. It's beneficial for a spouse who wants to insure both of their lives under a single policy. 16- Nominee: The person designated by the policy owner to receive the benefits in case of life assured dies. Spouse or children are made nominee by policyholders. 17- Maturity: Period/point of time after which the policyholder/beneficiary gets the promised benefits under the life insurance. 18: Reinstatement: The process of reactivating a lapsed insurance policy due to non-payment of premiums. 19- Lapsed Policy: A deactivated/expired policy due to failure in premium payment. 20- Policyholder: The individual/entity who owns the insurance policy and supposed to receive the benefits under agreement. 21- Life Assured: The individual/entity for whom the insurance policy provides life coverage. 22- Claim Settlement Ratio (CSR): No. of claim settled against raised claims by a life insurance provider in year. Always look for insurers with highest claim settlement ratio. 23: Quote: An insurance quote denotes the estimate of price you are supposed to pay for your policy. Buying life insurance in India can be a smart choice for NRIs due to the following reasons: Financial Protection for Family The need to support loved ones in India is one of the major priorities of many NRIs. A life insurance policy provides financial security to your dependents in the event of your passing, helping them manage living costs, repay loans, and maintain their quality of life. The death benefit guarantees that the financial future of your family is not lost just because your income is gone. Simplified Estate and Wealth Planning NRIs often hold assets across different countries, which can make estate distribution complicated. Life insurance makes transferring wealth to the heirs easy, as it provides them with quick access to the funds without the tedious legal processes. Moreover, the death benefit is usually tax-free, which makes passing on wealth an efficient and tax-saving instrument Helps Achieve Long-Term Financial Goals Life insurance can also be a structured savings plan towards your financial milestones. Whether you are planning your child’s education, purchasing property in India, or preparing for retirement, various policies offer maturity benefits that can be aligned with your long-term goals. Offers Tax Advantages Life insurance is also beneficial from a tax planning perspective. Premiums paid towards your policy may qualify for deductions under Section 80C of the Indian Income Tax Act. Similarly the payout received by beneficiaries is exempt under Section 10(10D), subject to applicable conditions. These provisions make it a smart investment for both protection and tax savings. Protects Against Currency Fluctuations Exchange rate volatility can impact the value of your overseas earnings and investments. By investing in a life insurance policy denominated in Indian Rupees, NRIs can protect a portion of their wealth from currency risk and ensure stable financial returns in the long run. Peace of Mind While Living Abroad Life abroad can be unpredictable, and being far from family often adds emotional strain. A life insurance policy offers reassurance that your loved ones will remain financially secure no matter what happens. This give you a much needed assurance to live and work overseas with confidence and peace of mind. Life insurance needs evolve with age and career growth. Here is how buying the right policy at different life stages can help young professionals build financial security and long-term stability: Age Group Life Insurance Benefits Early 20’s, Start Early and Build Security When you begin life insurance at a young age, you are guaranteed the lowest premium rates and long-term coverage benefits. It assists in establishing a good financial foundation and developing disciplined saving habits before major responsibilities arise. Whole Life Insurance Provides cover throughout one’s lifetime with a guaranteed death benefit, supporting long-term financial security. Also helps create a financial legacy for heirs. 20 to 30 years, Secure Your Future Goals This is the ideal time to protect increasing income and future aspirations. Life insurance helps manage debt, save for a house, and begin long-term wealth building. 30 to 40 years, Protect Your Family and Their Dreams With growing family and career responsibilities, life insurance ensures your dependents remain financially secure and supports goals like children’s education and retirement planning. 40 to 50 years, Prepare for Retirement This phase focuses on strengthening financial stability. Savings or annuity-based life insurance helps stabilise risk, preserve wealth, and build post-retirement income. 50 years and above, Leave a Legacy Life insurance at this stage helps maintain your family’s financial independence, covers final expenses, and supports estate planning and legacy creation. Setting Benchmarks with our Claims Paid Ratio in last 5 years. Badhta Bharosa with 99.70% Death Claims Paid Ratio ^ Going upwards since 5 Years Fast, Fair, Trusted Claims Dedicated  Claims Support Instaclaim Benefit Assurance Faster Claims Payouts Claims Help Track Claim Status Useful Resources for Customers Video Article Calculators View All Play Now Now Zero GST on Insurance Products Play Now Why Timely Retirement Planning is important? Play Now Bharosa of Axis Max Life Play Now Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus Play Now Term Insurance Explained Play Now Senior Citizen Insurance Guide NPS Calculator Check your estimated retirement corpus with our free nps calculator. Calculate Now Income Tax Calculator Easily calculate your income tax liability with our online tax calculation tool. Calculate Now Pension Calculator How much do you need for a comfortable retirement? Check with our pension calculator. Calculate Now BMI Calculator Check how much extra kilos you want to shed or gain with our BMI Calculator today. Calculate Now SIP Calculator Our SIP calculator helps you to determine ideal SIP amount for your financial goals. Calculate Now NSC Calculator Quickly check maturity value and interest amount with free online NSC calculator. Calculate Now Income Tax Slab 2025-26 Stay up-to-date with latest Income Tax Updates By Abhishek Chakravarty Reviewed by Alok Mishra Term Insurance Tax Benefits Learn how to save tax with your term plan By Lakshey Bahl Reviewed by Vaibhav Kumar Types of Life Insurance? Explaining different Insurance Categories By Lakshey Bahl Reviewed by Vaibhav Kumar What is Investment? Know more about Savings Options By Sumit Narula Reviewed by Prateek Pandey What is Term Insurance? Understand how Term Plans work. By Lakshey Bahl Reviewed by Vaibhav Kumar What is ULIP? Insurance products offering savings and life cover By Sumit Narula Reviewed by Prateek Pandey Customer Testimonials Real Folks with Real Stories! See what our customers feel about Axis Max Life Insurance products and services. Our esteemed customers like you help us to provide better solutions. Thanks to Axis Max Life. I realized the value of life. I learnt that one should have a Life Cover for a minimum of 15-20 times of their annual income. The protection offered in the form of Sum Assured and Death Benefits on a Life Insurance Policy, provides financial help during the times of uncertainty. That’s why I have secured my family financially with Axis Max Life Usha Kumar After researching multiple options, I found Axis Max Life Online Term Plan Plus to be the best term plan available in the market. The policy advisor explained how the coverage against critical illness works seamlessly with the base plan. The entire process from application to policy issuance took just 6 days - truly impressive! Akanksha Goyal Axis Max Life helped me in planning for genetic diseases like Cancer. The financial protection offered by Axis Max Life Insurance Immensely benefited my family. Each member of my family has opted for various policies of Axis Max Life to ensure life-long protection according to their needs. Sreedharanunni. S After researching multiple options, I found STEP to be the best term plan available in the market and opted for it. The advisor explained to me well about my queries and applicable discounts. The entire process from application to policy issuance took only 8 days - satisfied with the experience! Jagriti Mishra #GrowthAapkiBharosaHamara Grow Your Career and Earnings without boundaries with Axis Max Life Join 50k+ Advisors- Making the Real Difference! Individual Death Claims Paid Ratio as per Audited Financial for FY 2024-2025 * As per Public Disclosure for FY 2024-25 * Disclaimer | IRDAI Reg No. 104 | ARN: 03122024/MLI/CHASE/DS2RB1 | T&C Apply Axis Max Life's Best selling Insurance Plans View All All Term Insurance Plan Saving Plans Retirement Plans Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (A Non-Linked, Non-Participating Individual Pure Risk Life Insurance Plan) KEY FEATURES Get level sum assured throughout the Policy Term Empower the nominee to choose the payout mode, at claims stage Additional coverage against the risk of Accidental death Check Premium View Details Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus (A Non-Linked, Non-Participating Individual Pure Risk Life Insurance Plan) KEY FEATURES Level sum assured throughout the Policy Term Empower nominee to choose the payout mode, at claims stage Additional coverage against the risk of Accidental death Check Premium View Details Axis Max Life Smart Secure Plus Plan (A Non-Linked, Non-Participating Individual Pure Risk Life Insurance Plan) KEY FEATURES Option to take your premiums back subject to T&Cs. Premium break option twice during policy term to avoid paying policy premium Exit the policy with a one-time special exit value option for base cover only. Check Premium View Details Axis Max Life Smart Value Income & Benefit Enhancer Plan (A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Savings Plan) KEY FEATURES 3 variants that help you plan and achieve future milestones Choice of death benefit to be in multiples of 5 or 7 to 11 times the annualise premium paid. Boost income via Flexi income option available in the first policy year Download Prospectus View Details Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Advantage Growth Par Plan (A Non-Linked Participating Individual Life Insurance Savings Plan) KEY FEATURES Survival Benefit payable over the policy term subject to 4 plan variants Flexibility of choice of both policy term and premium payment term. 'Save the date' feature - Choice of date in a year to receive survival benefit View Plans View Details Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Advantage Guarantee Plan (A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Savings Plan) KEY FEATURES Survival Benefit payable over the policy term subject to 4 plan variants Flexibility of choice of both policy term and premium payment term. 'Save the date' feature - Choice of date in a year to receive survival benefit View Plans View Details Axis Max Life Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan (A Unit Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Plan) KEY FEATURES ULIP charges, deducted under the policy, added back to fund value, subject to the plan variant chosen Guaranteed Loyalty Additions provided from the end of 8th policy year onwards depending on premium band chosen. Multiple fund options and investment strategy based on your risk profile View Plans View Details Axis Max Life Online Savings Plans Plus (A Unit Linked Non Participating Individual Life Insurance Savings Plan) KEY FEATURES 5 Plan variants to cater to different life stage needs Enhance protection through rider integration. Systematic money withdrawals as per your desire from your policy. Unlimited Free Fund Switches & premium redirection View Plans View Details Axis Max Life Smart Guaranteed Pension Plan (A Non-linked, Non-Participating, Single Premium Individual/Group General Savings Annuity Plan) KEY FEATURES Joint Life Annuity, where your partner continues to receive the annuity in your absence. The nominee will receive the total premium as the lump sum death benefit upon the annuitant's death. Flexible annuity pay-out: monthly, quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly. View Plans View Details Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Annuity Guaranteed Pension Plan (A Non-Linked, Non-Participating Individual/Group General Annuity Savings Plan) KEY FEATURES Inflation-friendly income post retirement with growing annuity A wide range of annuity options to fund your life agyer retirement. Flexible premium payment and personalised income timings View Plans View Details Axis Max Life Guaranteed Lifetime Income Plan (A Non Linked Non-Participating Individual General Annuity Savings Plan) KEY FEATURES Guaranteed income for lifetime With Deferred Annuity variant, the nominee gets a minimum of 105% of the purchase price of the policy after the death of the annuitant(s). Joint Life Annuity - your partner continues to receive annuity in your absence. View Plans View Details Axis Max Life Forever Young Pension Plan (A Unit-Linked Non-Participating Individual Pension Plan) KEY FEATURES On the Vesting Date, a benefit equal to the Fund Value will be paid to the you. Higher of fund value or 105% of total premium payable to the nomineed in case of death of the insured during premium payment phase Unlimited & Free Fund Switches View Plans View Details Awards Track, Renew, and ManageYour Life Insurance Policy with ease Convenience at Your Fingertips with Axis Max Life Insurance Mobile App Scan toDownload Companies who’ve trusted Axis Max Life Insurance As a member of a rapidly evolving Industry, Axis Max Life Insurance is one of the trusted name amongst the several most admired companies in financial domain. Let’s quickly have a look at some of these companies who entrusted our vision. Contact Us if you got any question for us? Connect on WhatsApp +91 7424396005 Send ‘Hi’ to 7424396005 Send ‘Hi’ to 7424396005 Mail to service.helpdesk@axismaxlife.com Customer Care 1860 120 5577 Available Mon–Sat, 9 AM–6 PM Available Mon–Sat, 9 AM–6 PM For On-going Applications/Buying a New Plan 0124 648 8900 Got questions? We’d love to answer Life Insurance FAQs Savings & Investment FAQs Term Insurance FAQs Why Should You Have Life Insurance? Having life insurance in place can help you achieve much needed financial security for both you and your family. The payout from a life insurance plan can be flexibly used by the policy beneficiary/beneficiaries for various purposes such as covering daily expenses, paying off outstanding debt, etc. to secure the financial future of your loved ones. Can I Choose the Policy Term and Premium Payment Term When Buying Life Insurance? Yes, you have the freedom to customise both the premium payment term and policy tenure when buying a life insurance from a life insurance company. A longer premium payment term typically leads to lower individual premiums, while a longer policy term means that you will be covered by the insurance policy for a longer period of time. What Are Life Insurance Quotes? Life insurance quotes show how much premium you will pay for the coverage you want. The premium payable for a life insurance policy depends on multiple factors such as your age, health, policy type, and sum assured. It is a good practice to obtain quotes from multiple insurers to help compare different plans before buying the right one. Who Needs Life Insurance the Most? Anyone with financial dependents should definitely consider purchasing a life insurance policy. If you have dependent family members who rely on your income, like your spouse, children, or ageing parents, then you should definitely consider buying a life insurance policy. Others who should consider purchasing a life policy include working individuals, married people, single parents, and new parents. What Are the Types of Life Insurance Plans? There are various types of life insurance plans in India, such as: Term insurance Endowment plan Whole life plans Money Back Policies Apart from the above, some other types of investment-oriented insurance policies also provide life cover benefits. Examples of this type of life insurance products include – Unit Linked Insurance Plans (ULIPs), Child Plans, Retirement Plans and Annuity Plans. What Are the Key Factors That Affect Life Insurance Premiums? Premium of life insurance policies are calculated based on various factors including but not limited to your age, current health condition including pre-existing conditions, lifestyle habits (like smoking/drinking), policy term chosen, sum assured, premium payment term, riders/add-ons chosen, and the type of plan selected. Young and healthy people are usually charged lower premiums compared to older individuals with health issues. Similarly, a higher sum assured lead to higher premiums in the case of life insurance plans. What Are the Uses of Life Insurance? The primary purpose of a life insurance policy is to provide financial support to your family in the case of your untimely death. The life cover payout of a life insurance policy can help pay off outstanding debts, cover education or marriage costs of children, and more. Additionally, the premiums paid for keeping a life insurance policy in effect offers tax benefits under Section 80C, if the policyholder has opted for the old tax regime. Do I get survival benefits under my life insurance policy? This depends on the type of insurance policy you have bought. For instance, if you have chosen a term plan with return of premium option, you will get the sum of all premiums paid as survival benefits after the end of policy tenure. However, there is no such benefit under a pure term plan . What will happen if the life insurance premium is not paid on time? If the life insurance premium remains unpaid even after the grace period, it can lead to policy lapse. You will lose the expected insurance benefits while also wasting all the premiums paid in the previous years. Who decides the life insurance premium? The life insurance company you choose decides on the premium payable for its policies. The premium amount is calculated based on several factors, like your age, gender, health condition, smoking habits, and life expectancy. What is a life insurance premium? It is the amount that you need to pay to an insurer, either one time or as regular payment, to keep your life insurance policy active. How to choose the right sum assured under life insurance? You need to consider several factors while choosing sum assured, including your income, financial liabilities, lifestyle expenses, and future goals. Why buying life insurance is important? With a life insurance policy, you can plan for the financial security of your loved ones who are dependent on you. Alongside, you get several benefits like tax deductions and life cover. What are life insurance riders? Life insurance riders give your term plan extra wings by increasing the regular plan cover. A few of them are critical illness, accidental death, waiver of premium riders, etc. They allow you to tailor your plan for additional protection at a small extra cost. Why add riders to your term life insurance policy? Adding riders helps you customise your insurance to match your lifestyle and financial goals. They also provide additional coverage for specific risks, such as disability, critical illness, or accidents. Thus guaranteeing higher levels of financial security without the need for an additional policy. What is underwriting in life insurance? Underwriting is the process insurers use to evaluate your risk before issuing a policy. It involves reviewing your age, health, lifestyle, occupation, and medical history to determine your eligibility and premium amount. What is a premium in insurance? A premium is the cost that you pay in order to maintain an active insurance policy. For example, if your term insurance premium is ₹10,000 per year, you must pay that annually to ensure your coverage continues. How is an insurance premium calculated? The premium varies depending on various factors, including age, health, lifestyle habits (such as smoking), occupation, policy type, amount of coverage and the period of coverage. The less risky your profile is, the lower your premium will be. Is the insurance premium monthly or yearly? Insurance premium payments frequency depends on policy buyer’s preferences and insurers’ terms and conditions. You get an option of a monthly, quarterly, half-yearly, or annual basis premiums. Many people prefer annual payments to avoid frequent reminders and missed due dates. What is a quote in insurance? A life insurance quote is an estimate of what your policy may cost you, depending on the information you give, like age, health, lifestyle, coverage amount and the term of the policy. It makes you know how much the plan would roughly cost you before purchasing it, so that you can compare across various insurers and select the most appropriate one that suits your needs and finances. Why is life insurance a safe investment? Life insurance is a safe investment option as it provides your family with guaranteed protection and financial security. What are the benefits of buying a life insurance plan online vs. offline? Buying a life insurance plan online offers several advantages. Here is a comparison to help you understand the difference: Parameters Online Offline Cost Efficiency You may receive online discounts, making the premium more affordable. Usually more expensive due to agent commissions and service charges. Whole Life Insurance Provides cover throughout one’s lifetime with a guaranteed death benefit, supporting long-term financial security. Also helps create a financial legacy for heirs. Convenience Can be purchased anytime from the comfort of your home with minimal paperwork. Requires physical visits or meetings with agents, making it time-consuming. Customisation Offers several optional riders and benefits that can be easily added based on individual needs. Customisation depends on the agent’s offerings and manual procedures. Customer Support Provides quick, dedicated online assistance and 24/7 helplines for queries or claims. Relies mainly on agent support, which may not always be immediately available Time Required Much quicker with lesser touch points and on the go approach. Traditionally much more time taking. What are the types of death not covered in life insurance? The following are some of the circumstances under which a life insurance company can turn down a death claim: Murder of the policyholder and the nominee is involved Death due to criminal involvement Death under the influence of alcohol or drugs Non-disclosure of smoking habits Death during hazardous or adventure activities Death through pre-existing illnesses Death during childbirth or pregnancy complications Suicide during the first year of the policy Death as a result of a natural disaster Always check for latest inclusions/exclusions by regulator to stay up to date Can I withdraw money from my insurance policy? Yes, you can withdraw money from your insurance policy, but it will depend on the kind of life insurance plan you have: In term insurance, there is no withdrawal or cash value privilege available. In endowment, money-back, or ULIP policies, you can withdraw part of the funds after a certain lock-in period or receive a surrender value if you decide to end the policy early. What is a mutual fund? A mutual fund is a type of financial instrument that pools money from multiple investors towards a common investment goal. This money is then invested in several assets such as equity and debt instruments, shares, bonds, etc. depending on the objective of the mutual fund scheme. How risky is it to invest in mutual funds? The mutual funds available for investment are associated with different risk-levels. As an investor, you can assess your risk tolerance to find the suitable investment opportunities for you. Should I invest in a money back plan? A Money Back Plan can be suitable for investors who are looking to meet their short-term financial objectives since it offers a pay-out at regular intervals during the premium payment term of the policy along with life cover. There are some money back plans that offer a lump sum payout at the end of policy term What is an endowment plan, and should I buy it? An endowment plan is a type of life insurance product that offers savings and life protection benefits to the policyholder under one policy. If you are looking for a wealth-creation instrument to fulfill long-term financial objectives, this can be a favorable option What are some tax-saving investment options for me Some of the common tax-saving investment options include fixed deposits, PPF, NSC, ELSS, etc. What are the 3 benefits of term insurance? The three essential benefits of term insurance include the following: Keeping Loved ones financially secure: Term insurance will keep your family financially covered in the event of a premature death of policyholder. Plan for Financial Milestones: It enables you to budget significant milestones such as the education of your children or other financial obligations. Income Replacement: A term plan is a reliable source of income in difficult periods like critical illness, accidents or after retirement. Is accidental death covered in term insurance? Yes, most term insurance plans include coverage for accidental death. Nevertheless, you should make sure at your end that your policy does state this benefit. What happens at the end of a term life insurance policy? If you outlive your term life insurance policy, your coverage ends once the term expires, and you are no longer required to pay premiums. This is the point at which you will not be paid until your plan has a return-of-premium feature. Nevertheless, when you still require protection, you have the option of renewing your policy to a new term or converting it to a whole life insurance, given the current policy has a conversion option. Are there any maturity proceeds available with term insurance? Term insurance is a pure life insurance product and hence, it offers only a death benefit to the beneficiary of the policy. There are no maturity proceeds available with a standard term plan unless there is a return of premium attached to the policy. How much life cover do I need? The amount of life cover that you need depends on several personal factors such as the number of dependents you may have, your age, gender, and lifestyle habits at the time of purchasing the plan. What are the tax benefits applicable on a term plan? Yes, you can avail tax benefits4 on the premiums paid for a term plan under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961. There are other tax benefits associated with a term plan under Section 80 D and Section 10(10D) as well. Does my smoking habit affect my insurance premium rates? The premium rates for a person with smoking habits are generally higher than a non-smoker. This is because they are at a greater risk for developing health-related issues later in life. Which rider should I attach to my term plan? The choice of rider for your term insurance plan depends on your particular financial profile, health needs and other personal factors. However, considering the increasing uncertainty of life, critical illness rider or accidental death & disability rider can prove to be helpful. In addition to this, you may also find other valuable add-ons with your term plan such as waiver of premium rider. Show More Popular Searches Term Insurance Smart Term Plan Plus Critical Illness Term Insurance with Return of Premium Claim Settlement Ratio What is term Insurance Investment Plans Best ULIP Plans Web Stories Online Savings Plan Tax Saving Investment Life Insurance Plans Group Insurance Retirement Plan Best Term Insurance Calculator Tax Calculator Compound Interest Calculator ULIP Calculator Retirement Planning Calculator Insurance Calculator Medical Test for Term Insurance Term Insurance Tax Benefits Term Insurance for All Age Group Term Insurance Benefits Health Insurance Plans Disability Insurance Credit Score FD Calculator Gold Investment Endowment Meaning RD Interest Calculator Systematic Investment Plan SIP Calculator Personal Accident Insurance Return on Investment Calculator Fixed Deposit Recurring deposit Best Term Insurance for Housewife Financial Calculators Mutual Funds Term Insurance for Self Employed Term Plan for Senior Citizen NRI Insurance Plans Best Term Insurance Plan for Women Index Fund Calculator NRI Term Plans NRI Investment Plans Investment Zero Cost Term Insurance Term Insurance vs Life Insurance Income Tax Slab 2025-26 Income Replacement Term Plan Term Insurance Without Medical Test BSE 500 Enhanced Value 50 Index Axis Max Life BSE 500 Value 50 Index Fund Pension Plan Monthly Income Scheme What is GST Number? GST Notice What is GST What is a GST Invoice GST Rates for Different Goods and Services in India What are GST Returns? Introducing Axis Max Life Insurance App Get Upto ₹50k Wellness Benefits With STPP Plan Download App Page Last updated on 30th December 2025 Website Last updated on 24th December 2025 Term Insurance Plans Critical Illness Term Plan with Return of Premium Claim Settlement Ratio Smart Secure Plus Plan Continue with existing eQuote Term Insurance for Housewife Zero Cost Term Insurance Smart Term Plan Plus Life Insurance Life Insurance Plans Online Insurance Plans Retirement Plans Group Insurance Plans Child Insurance Plans Health Insurance Plans NRI Plans ABHA Card Customer Service Pay Premium Online Customer Login Existing Customers Plans Claims Centers Download Policy Pack View Policy Details Electronics Insurance Account Frequently Asked Questions(FAQs) Premium Payment Options Track Application Contact Us Update Personal Details Change Nominee Download Forms Update PAN Card Service TATs Certificate of Insurance Feedback Tools & Calculators Term Insurance Calculator Income Tax Calculator Saving Plan Calculator Compound Interest Calculator Insurance Calculators FD Calculator CIBIL Credit Score RD Calculator PPF Calculator ROI Calculator SIP Calculator NPS Calculator Lumpsum Calculator NSC Calculator Step Up SIP Calculator BMI Calculator SSY Calculator Retirement Planning Calculator SWP Calculator APY Calculator EMI Calculator ELSS Calculator Home Loan Insurance Calculator Investment Plans ULIP Plans Tax Saving Investment Smart Wealth Plan Smart Wealth Income Plan Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan Savings & Income Plans Smart Fixed-return Digital Plan Money Back Policy Axis Max Life UL Life Growth Super Fund Axis Max Life High Growth Fund Axis Max Life UL Life Secured Fund Axis Max Life UL Sustainable Equity Fund Axis Max Life Nifty Smallcap Quality Index Fund Axis Max Life UL Life Balanced Fund Axis Max Life UL Pure Growth Fund Axis Max Life UL Secure Plus Fund Axis Max Life UL Life Growth Fund Axis Max Life UL Life Conservative Fund Axis Max Life UL Life Diversified Equity Fund Axis Max Life UL Money Market ii Fund Axis Max Life UL Life Dynamic Bond Fund Axis Max Life Midcap Momentum Index Fund Income Tax Slab 2025-26 Axis Max Life Nifty 500 momentum 50 fund Axis Max Life Sustainable Yield Index Factsheet Axis Max Life Sustainable Wealth 50 Index Fund Axis Max Life Smart Innovation Fund Axis Max Life Nifty 500 Multifactor 50 Fund Axis Max Life Nifty 500 Multifactor 50 Index Pension Fund Pure Growth Fund Shariah Certificate About Axis Max Life Why Axis Max Life Know Our Story Awards & Achievement CSR ESG Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Media Center Our Leadership Public Disclosures ISNP Details All About Claims Become An Advisor NAV Performance Monthly Factsheets Fund Portfolio NAV Performance & Benchmark Monthly Fund Snapshot Annual Investment Report Axis Max Life Branches Investors Key Company Policies Careers IRDAI Consumer Education Website Agent Suspended & T. Do Not Disturb Insurance Ombudsman Privacy Policy Disclaimers Service TATs Grievance Redressal Bima Bharosa Unclaimed Amount Withdrawn Plans Sitemap UW Approach & Philosophy Congratulatory Quote on AA Group Sites AXIS BANK MAX INDIA MAX FINANCIAL SERVICES ANTARA SENIOR LIVING MAX LIFE PENSION FUND MANAGEMENT BEWARE OF SPURIOUS PHONE CALLS AND FICTITIOUS/FRAUDULENT OFFERS IRDAI clarifies to public that: • IRDAI or its officials do not involve in activities like selling insurance policies, announcing bonus, or investments of premiums. • Public receiving such phone calls are requested to lodge a police complaint. IRDAI - Registration No. 104. ARN/Web/13122024 Category: Life. Validity: Valid. Corporate Identity Number (CIN): U74899PB2000PLC045626. Corporate Office: Axis Max Life Insurance Ltd. 11th Floor, DLF Square, Building, Jacaranda Marg, DLF Phase 2, Sector 25, Gurugram, Shahpur, Haryana 122002 For any query regarding this website, please reach out to: Name: Alok Mishra | Designation: Website Manager | Email ID: service.helpdesk@axismaxlife.com DISCLAIMERS Axis Max Life Insurance Limited (earlier known as Max Life Insurance Company Limited) is a Joint Venture between Max Financial Services Limited and Axis Bank Limited. Corporate Office: Axis Max Life Insurance Ltd. 11th Floor, DLF Square Building, Jacaranda Marg, DLF City Phase II, Gurugram (Haryana) - 122002. Operation Center: Axis Max Life Insurance Ltd, Plot No. 90C, Udyog Vihar, Sector 18, Gurugram (Haryana) - 122015. Customer Helpline: 1860 120 5577 (9:00 A.M to 6:00 P.M Monday to Saturday) * Call charges apply. Online Sales Helpline - 0124 648 8900 (09:00 AM to 09:00 PM Monday to Saturday). Fax Number: 0124-4159397. Email ID: service.helpdesk@axismaxlife.com Website: https://www.axismaxlife.com Axis Max Life Insurance is integrated with licensed NBFC FinVu (Cookiejar Technologies Pvt. Ltd. for sharing policy details with regulated Financial Information Users within the Account Aggregator ecosystem after obtaining the Policy holder's consent. Read more about Account Aggregator framework here * Life insurance coverage is available in this product. For more details on risk factors, Terms and Conditions please read the prospectus carefully before concluding a sale. You may be entitled to certain applicable tax benefits on your premiums and policy benefits. Please note all the tax benefits are subject to tax laws prevailing at the time of payment of premium or receipt of benefits by you. Tax benefits are subject to changes in tax laws. Insurance is the subject matter of solicitation. For more details on the risk factors, Terms and Conditions, please read the sales and rider prospectus carefully before concluding a sale. Tax benefits are eligible for tax exemption on fulfilling conditions mentioned under Section 10(10D) of income tax act 1961. Tax exemptions are as per our understanding of law and as per prevailing provisions of income tax at 1961. Policy holders are advised to consult tax expert for better clarification /interpretation. Please note that all the tax benefits are subject to tax laws at the time of payment of premium or receipt of policy benefits by you. Tax benefits are subject to changes in tax laws. The monthly Income Benefit and Terminal Benefit may be taxable subject to extra premium being loaded at underwriting stage. Celeb disclaimer (if images being used): The Brand Ambassadors as depicted herein, have endorsed only the Axis Max Life Insurance Products and are not in any manner endorsing Axis Bank Limited and / or any other Bank Partner of Axis Max Life Insurance and do not have any kind of association or relationship with Axis Bank Limited and / or any other Bank Partner of Axis Max Life Insurance Disclaimers for Market Linked Plans & Saving plans: THE UNIT LINKED INSURANCE PRODUCTS DO NOT OFFER ANY LIQUIDITY DURING THE FIRST FIVE YEARS OF THE CONTRACT. THE POLICYHOLDER WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SURRENDER/WITHDRAW THE MONIES INVESTED IN LINKED INSURANCE PRODUCTS COMPLETELY OR PARTIALLY TILL THE END OF FIFTH YEAR. Unit Linked Insurance Products (ULIPs) are different from the traditional insurance products and are subject to the risk factors. The premium paid in the Unit Linked Life Insurance Policies is subject to investment risks associated with capital markets and the NAVs of the units may go up or down based on the performance of fund and factors influencing the capital market and the insured is responsible for his/her decisions. Axis Max Life Insurance is only the name of the insurance company and Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan (UIN: 104L098V06) is only the name of the unit linked life insurance contract and does not in any way indicate the quality of the contract, its future prospects or returns. Please know the associated risks and the applicable charges from your Insurance agent or the Intermediary or policy document of the insurer. The various funds offered under this contract are the names of the funds and do not in any way indicate the quality of these funds, their future prospects or returns. #4 Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan. A unit-linked non-participating individual life insurance plan. | Axis Max Life Insurance Limited is only the name of the insurance company and Axis Max Life Insurance Online Savings Plan (UIN: 104L098V06) is only the name of the unit linked insurance contract and does not in any way indicate the quality of the contract, its future prospects or returns. *1 The aggregate annualized premium should not be more than 5 lakhs (one or more policies put together) for non-linked non-par savings insurance plan in any given year of policy term to be eligible for Section 10 (10D) exemption. *3 All claims that qualify for InstaClaim will be paid within 3 hrs from the date of submission of all mandatory documents else Axis Max Life will pay interest at prevailing Bank Rate as on beginning of Financial Year in which claim has been received for every day of delay beyond one working day. Interest shall be at the bank rate that is prevalent at the beginning of the financial year in which death claim has been received. Mandatory Documents: Original policy document; Original/attested copy of death certificate issued by local municipal authority; Death claim application form (Form A); NEFT mandate form attested by bank authorities along with a cancelled cheque of bank account passbook along with nominee's photo identity proof; Discharge/Death summary attested by hospital authorities or FIR & Post Mortem Report/Viscera Report (in case of accident death). *# Some benefits are guaranteed and some benefits are variable with returns based on the future performance of your Insurer carrying on life insurance business. The assumed rates of return (4% p.a. and 8% p.a.) shown in the illustrative example are not guaranteed and they are not the upper or lower limits of what you might get back as the value of your Policy depends on a number of factors including future investment performance. The guaranteed and non-guaranteed benefits are applicable only if all due premiums are paid. The Maturity Benefit shown in the illustrative example are inclusive/exclusive of taxes. Privacy Policy ^^ On completion of policy term The savings indicated is the maximum premium difference as compared with offline plan & depends on the variant purchased. Claims for policies completed 3 continuous years. All mandatory documents should be submitted before 3:00pm on a working day. Claim amount on all eligible policies4 is less than Rs. 1 Crore. Claim does not warrant any field verification. Mandatory Documents: > Original policy document > Original/attested copy of death certificate issued by local municipal authority > Death claim application form (Form A) > NEFT mandate form attested by bank authorities along with a cancelled cheque or bank account passbook along with nominee’s photo identity proof > Discharge/Death summary attested by hospital authorities or FIR & Post Mortem Report/viscera report (in case of accidental death) 1 The 5% employee discount will be refunded to you once your policy is issued. Submit your documents for getting your policy issued and get 5% employee discount 2 Total premium will be charged at the time of the policy issuance (subject to underwriting’s decision). 3 15% discount is applicable only on the first year premium for salaried employees with a corporate, purchasing Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus (UIN: 104N127V04). During policy issuance, Axis Max Life may call for proof of employment if required. In case proposer when asked is not able to prove the employment part, discount offer will be discontinued and additional premium as applicable will have to be paid for processing of the case. 15% discount (applied on standard male premium rates) is applicable for lifetime for females. 4 InstaClaim TM is available for all versions of (UIN: 104N125V08). Mandatory Documents: Original policy document Original/attested copy of death certificate issued by local municipal authority Death claim application form (Form A) NEFT mandate form attested by bank authorities along with a cancelled cheque or bank account passbook along with nominee’s photo identity proof Discharge/Death summary attested by hospital authorities or FIR & Post Mortem Report/viscera report (in case of accidental death) 5 Criteria applicable only for “Term plans” for Graduate, Indian resident with declared income >= 10 lacs with CIBIL score >= 650 (salaried) and >= 700 (self-employed) with no disclosed medical condition 6 Applicable for Titanium variant of Axis Max Life Smart Fixed- return Digital plan (premium payment of 10 years and policy term of 30 years) and a healthy female of 18 years paying Rs 30,000/- per month (exclusive of all applicable taxes) with 6.80% return. Life Insurance is available with this product. 7 Available with Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Plan (UIN: 104N116V14) 8 Available with Axis Max Life Smart Fixed-return Digital Plan (UIN: 104N123V06). The guaranteed benefits are available with selected life insurance plans & are applicable if all due premiums are paid. 9 This is applicable for a 24-Year Old Healthy Male, Non-Smoker, 25 Years Policy Term, 25 Year Premium Payment Term for Axis Max Life Smart Secure Plus Plan (UIN: 104N118V11). 10 This is applicable for a 25-Year Old Healthy Male, Non-Smoker, 40 Years Policy Term, 40 Year Premium Payment Term for Axis Max Life Saral Jeevan Bima  (UIN: 104N117V02). ## Tax conditions : ## Save 46,800 on taxes if the insurance premium amount is Rs.1.5 lakh per annum and you are a Regular Individual, fall under 30% income tax slab having taxable income less than Rs. 50 lakhs and Opt for Old tax regime ~# Save 54,600 on taxes if the insurance premium amount is Rs.1.5 lakh per annum for life cover and 25,000 for critical illness cover and you are a Regular Individual, fall under 30% income tax slab having taxable income less than Rs. 50 lakhs and Opt for Old tax regime. CI Rider disclaimers: AXIS MAX LIFE CRITICAL ILLNESS AND DISABILITY RIDER (UIN: 104B033V02) available as a rider on payment of additional premium. >Extended cover of up to 85 years is available with gold and platinum variant only @ 64 critical illnesses covered in platinum and platinum plus variant on payment 22 critical illnesses covered in gold and gold plus variant *^ Total premiums paid inclusive of any extra premium but exclusive of all applicable taxes, cesses or levies and modal extra. Return of premium option is available on payment of additional premium. ~Conditions for premium break: Available at an additional premium for policies with policy term greater than 30 years and premium payment term greater than 21 years. Option to skip paying premium for 12 months. 2 premium breaks will be available during the premium payment term separated by an interval of at least 10 years ~1 Conditions for Special exit value: Option to receive all premiums paid back, at a specified point in the term of the policy (free of cost). Available when Return of Premium variant is not chosen. No additional premium to be paid. ~2 Voluntary Top-up Sum assured: Option to double your insurance cover, basis underwriting, at the time of your need by increasing your sum assured up to an additional 100% of base sum assured, chosen at inception ^^*^^ Free look period conditions: The policyholder has a period of 30 days from the date of receipt of the policy document, to review the terms and conditions of the Policy, where if the policyholder disagrees to any of those terms or conditions, he / she has the option to return the Policy stating the reasons for his objections. The policyholder shall be entitled to a refund of the premiums paid, subject only to deduction of a proportionate risk premium for the period of cover and the expenses incurred by the company on medical examination of the lives insured and stamp duty charges. ^ Individual Death Claims Paid Ratio as per audited financials for FY 2024-2025 #1 A flat 15% discount on the premium will be applicable throughout the Premium Payment Term for Female Life Insured with Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus (UIN: 104N127V04). #3 Tax benefits as per prevailing tax laws, subject to change Terms and conditions for availing 5% employee discount: < Due to system constraints, employee is requested to select 5 Lakh and above income which can be changed to actual amount on the information page. Past performance of the investment funds do not indicate the future performance of the same. Investors in the Scheme are not being offered any guaranteed / assured returns. The premiums & funds are subject to certain charges related to the fund or to the premium paid. The premium shall be adjusted on the due date even if it has been received in advance. For Total Installment Premium - Total Installment Premium is the Premium payable as per premium paying frequency chosen, it excludes applicable taxes, cesses or levies, if any; and includes loadings for modal premiums, Underwriting Extra Premium and Rider Premiums if any. For Return of Premium - The Return of Premium Option is available on payment of Additional Premium. Premium does not include amount paid for riders and is excluding taxes, cesses and levies. Upon Policyholder's selection of Return of Premium variant this product shall be a Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Savings Plan. For Riders - # Applicable Rider available on the payment of Additional Premium is Axis Max Life Critical Illness and Disability Rider | Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual Pure Risk Health Insurance Rider | UIN: 104B033V02. Critical Illness and Disability Rider variant opted is Platinum Plus which covers 64 critical Illnesses. The rider cover will only be paid in scenarios where customer is diagnosed with listed 64 critical illnesses or total and permanent disability. Rider will terminate after major critical illness claim is paid to the policyholder. In case customer requests for cancellation of rider only, the solution as a whole will be cancelled and not just the individual rider. For Additional Benefits– ## On Payment of Additional Premium. The accident cover will only be paid in scenarios where death occurs due to accident. *~ Disclaimers Axis Max Life Smart Secure Plus Plan. A non-linked non-participating individual pure risk life insurance plan |Benefit available with special exit value -Total premium paid inclusive of any extra premium but exclusive of all applicable taxes, cesses or levies & modal extra. The premium calculated as per Standard premium for 30-year-old healthy male, non-smoker, 40 years’ policy term, 40 years’ premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Secure Plus Plan. ## Policy continuance benefit is not available with lifelong wealth variant. ** The accrued income will be accumulated on an annual basis at the prevailing reverse repo rate (publish on RBI’s website). # With “Save the date”, you can choose to take your annual income to any special date in a year. *** Available with early wealth variant. Income benefit will be paid as per selected plan terms. ~ Accidental death benefit is available in call variants except for Single premium variant. Life insurance coverage is available in this product. #~ Term Insurance plan bought online directly from Axis Max Life Insurance has no commissions involved. ~1 Axis Max Life Smart Secure Plus Plan, A non-linked non-participating Individual Pure Risk Life Insurance Plan | Standard Premium for 30 year old healthy male, non-smoker, 40 years policy term, 40 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Secure Plus Plan | ~1 Conditions for special exit value: Option to receive all premiums paid back, at a specified point in the term of the policy (free of cost). Available when Return of premium variant is not chosen. No additional premium to be paid. Option to receive all premiums back. Flexibility of exiting the plan early. Special Exit Value cover applicable till age 68 & above (of your age). T&C Apply. @> Axis Max Life Critical Illness and Disability Rider (UIN 104B033V02) is available with your term plan on payment of additional premium. It covers 64 critical illnesses under Platinum & Platinum Plus variant. # Available on Payment of Additional Premium. The accident cover will only be paid in scenarios where death occurs due to accident. ^ 1 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 24-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term,25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (UIN: 104N125V08) with a life cover of Rs. 50 lakh. ^ 2 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 24-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term,25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (UIN: 104N125V08) with a life cover of Rs. 75 lakh. ^ 3 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 24-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term,25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (UIN: 104N125V08) with a life cover of Rs. 1 Cr. ^ 4 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 24-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term,25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (UIN: 104N125V08) with a life cover of Rs. 1.5 Cr. ^ 5 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 24-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term,25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (UIN: 104N125V08) with a life cover of Rs. 2 Cr. ^ 6 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 24-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term, 25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (UIN: 104N125V08) with a life cover of Rs. 5 Cr. ^ 7 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 24-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term, 25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus (UIN: 104N127V04) - Regular Cover with a life cover of Rs. 1 Cr. ~* Disclaimer: Standard premium for 24-year old healthy female,non-smoker, 25 years policy term, 25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (UIN: 104N125V08) ^~ Disclaimer: 5 year return (CAGR – Compound Annualised Growth Rate) from Axis Max Life High Growth Fund (ULIF01311/02/08LIFEHIGHGR104) as on 30/06/2025 ^~ The assumed rates of return (4% p.a. and 8% p.a.) shown in the illustrative example are not guaranteed and they are not the upper or lower limits of what you might get back. The value of your policy depends on a number of factors including future investment performance. The amount shown is for a 30-year-old healthy male, with 10 years premium payment term, and 35 years policy term with Axis Max Life Online Saving Plan (Unit Linked Non Participating Individual Life Insurance Plan | Life Insurance is available in this product). *++ Axis Max Life's Nifty Alpha 50 Fund tracks the NSE's Nifty Alpha 50 Index, subject to tracking error. The above values have been calculated by projecting historical returns of the Nifty Alpha 50 index, after adjusting for all expenses, except the tracking error, in Axis Max Life online savings plan (variant 1) for a 35-year-old male investing 10k per month for 10 years and maturity after 20 years. The calculations have been done using historical returns of the Nifty Alpha 50 index and may not be indicative of the future performance of Axis Max Life's Nifty Alpha 50 Fund. The above values have been calculated basis 10 year returns of 26.4% (30th Apr'24) of the Nifty Alpha 50 Index. *+ Nifty Mid-cap 150 Momentum 50 Index was launched in Aug’22. These are returns of benchmark indices and are not indicative of return on Axis Max Life Insurance’s Midcap Momentum Index fund. 10 year return of NIFTY Midcap 150 Momentum 50 Index as on 27/05/2024. Max Life Midcap Momentum Index Fund (SFIN: ULIF02802/01/24MIDMOMENTM104) is passively managed Index Fund that mirrors NIFTY Midcap 150 Momentum 50 Index. *& 10 year return of Nifty Smallcap 250 Quality 50 Index as on 30/04/2024. The past returns are extrapolation of index fund returns up to past 10 years using same formula (provided by NSE). The returns are not indicative of the future performance of the fund. Axis Max Life Nifty Smallcap Quality Index Fund is passively managed Index Fund that mirrors Nifty Smallcap 250 Quality 50 Index. The objective of the fund is to invest in companies with similar weights as in the index and generate returns as closely as possible, subject to tracking error. **@ Axis Max Life's Forever Young Pension Plan (UIN: 104L075V07) is a Unit Linked Pension Plan. Axis Max Life Insurance is only the name of the insurance company and Axis Max Life Forever Young Pension Plan (UIN: 104L075V07) is only the name of the unit linked pension product and does not in any way indicate the quality of the contract, its future prospects or returns. The premium paid in the Unit Linked Policies is subject to investment risks associated with capital markets and the NAVs of the units may go up or down based on the performance of fund and factors influencing the capital market and the insured is responsible for his/her decisions. ++* A tax-free commutation of up to 60% of the vesting benefit can be availed. Tax benefits are subject to condition under Sections 80CCC, 10(10A), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services tax and Cesses, if any will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details. ^* All claims that qualify for InstaClaim will be paid within 3 hrs from the date of submission of all mandatory documents else Axis Max Life will pay interest at prevailing Bank Rate as on beginning of Financial Year in which claim has been received for every day of delay beyond one working day. Interest shall be at the bank rate that is prevalent at the beginning of the financial year in which death claim has been received. Mandatory Documents: Original policy document; Original/attested copy of death certificate issued by local municipal authority; Death claim application form (Form A); NEFT mandate form attested by bank authorities along with a cancelled cheque of bank account passbook along with nominee's photo identity proof; Discharge/Death summary attested by hospital authorities or FIR & Post Mortem Report/Viscera Report (in case of accident death). #* Axis Max Life Insurance’s Sustainable Wealth 50 Index Fund (SFIN: ULIF03223/12/24SUSTWEALTH104), which is a passively managed Index Fund that mirrors Axis Max Life Sustainable Yield Index, subject to tracking error. The fund value calculation is done by projecting historical returns of Axis Max Life Sustainable Yield Index, after adjusting for all expenses (except tracking error) in Axis Max Life Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan (UIN: 104L121V04) for a 30-year-old male investing 5k/10k per month for 20/10 years. The above values have been calculated assuming 25.2% p.a. gross investment returns as in Nov'24, which is the 10-year return of Axis Max Life Sustainable Yield Index. (back tested). @3 Standard premium for 20-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term, 25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (UIN: 104N125V08)| The above mentioned premium is the discounted monthly premium to be paid in 1st year. Discount is applicable only for salaried employees with a corporate, purchasing via web link. During policy issuance, Axis Max life may call for proof of employment if required. In case proposer when asked is not able to prove the employment part, discount offer will be discontinued and additional premium as applicable will have to be paid for processing of the case. 7 Disclaimer: Rs. 1,00,29,587 after 14 years at policy maturity on monthly investment of Rs. 16,600 for 12 years for 30-year-old male with Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Plan – Long Term Variant. A non-linked non-participating individual life insurance savings plan. The guaranteed benefits are applicable only if all due premiums are paid. Life Insurance is available in this product. @6 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 20-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term, 25 year premium payment term for Regular Cover Variant of Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus (UIN:104N127V04)| The above mentioned premium is the discounted monthly premium to be paid in 1st year. Discount is applicable only for salaried employees with a corporate. During policy issuance, Axis Max Life may call for proof of employment if required. In case proposer when asked is not able to prove the employment part, discount offer will be discontinued and additional premium as applicable will have to be paid for processing of the case. @7 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 20-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term, 25 year premium payment term for Regular Cover Variant of Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus (UIN:104N127V04)| The above mentioned premium is the discounted monthly premium to be paid in 1st year. Discount is applicable only for salaried employees with a corporate. During policy issuance, Axis Max Life may call for proof of employment if required. In case proposer when asked is not able to prove the employment part, discount offer will be discontinued and additional premium as applicable will have to be paid for processing of the case. @8 Disclaimer: Standard  premium for 20-year old healthy male, non-smoker, 25 years policy term, 25 year premium payment term for Regular Cover Variant of Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus (UIN: 104N127V04)| The above mentioned premium is the discounted monthly premium to be paid in 1st year. Discount is applicable only for salaried employees with a corporate, purchasing via web link. During policy issuance, Axis Max Life may call for proof of employment if required. In case proposer when asked is not able to prove the employment part, discount offer will be discontinued and additional premium as applicable will have to be paid for processing of the case. @9 Disclaimer: Standard premium for 20-year old healthy Female, non-smoker, 25 years policy term, 25 year premium payment term for Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus UIN:104N127V04| The above mentioned premium is the discounted monthly premium to be paid in 1st year. Discount is applicable only for salaried employees with a corporate. During policy issuance, Axis Max Life may call for proof of employment if required. In case proposer when asked is not able to prove the employment part, discount offer will be discontinued and additional premium as applicable will have to be paid for processing of the case. Disclaimer: ~ 10 year CAGR of Nifty SmallCap 250 Quality50 index as on 24/07/2023. Axis Max Life Nifty Smallcap Quality Index Fund is passively managed Index fund that tracks the Nifty SmallCap 250 Quality50 index (subject to tracking error). Disclaimer: @++ Axis Max Life’s NIFTY Momentum Quality 50 Fund (SFIN: ULIF03127/10/24MOMQUALITY104) is a passively managed Index Fund that mirrors NIFTY 500 Multicap Momentum Quality 50 Index, subject to tracking error. The fund value calculation is done by projecting historical returns of NIFTY 500 Multicap Momentum Quality 50 Index, after adjusting for all expenses (except tracking error) in Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan (UIN: 104L098V06) for a 30-year-old male investing 10k per month for 10 years. The above values have been calculated assuming 24.9% p.a. gross investment returns as on 16/10/2024, which is the 10-year return of NSE's NIFTY 500 Multicap Momentum Quality 50 Index (backtested) Disclaimer: **+ NIFTY 500 Momentum 50 Index was launched in June'24. The past returns are back tested based on historical returns and formula (provided by NSE). These are returns of benchmark indices as on 11 June’24 and are not indicative of returns on Axis Max Life Insurance’s newly launched NIFTY 500 Momentum 50 Fund. Axis Max Life’s NIFTY 500 Momentum 50 Fund (SFIN: ULIF03014/08/24MOMENFIFTY104) is a passively managed Index Fund that mirrors NSE’s NIFTY 500 Momentum 50 Index, subject to tracking error. The fund value calculation is done by projecting historical returns of NSE’s NIFTY 500 Momentum 50 Index, after adjusting for all expenses (except tracking error) in Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan (UIN: 104L098V06) for a 30-year-old male investing 10k per month for 10 years. The above values have been calculated assuming 25% p.a. gross investment returns as on 11 June'24, which is the 10-year return of NSE's NIFTY 500 Momentum 50 Index (backtested). Disclaimer: #^ Axis Max Life Smart Innovation Fund (SFIN: ULIF03301/03/25INNOVATION104), which is an actively managed fund does not have any past performance benchmarks. The above values have been calculated for a 35-year-old male investing 10k per month for 10 years assuming 20.8% p.a. gross investment returns basis 5 years’ performance of existing active fund with Axis Max Life Insurance, as on date 31st Jan'25 after adjusting for all expenses in Axis Max Life’s Capital Guarantee Plan which is combination of Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan (UIN: 104L098V06) and Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Advantage Guarantee Plan (UIN: 104N116V15). | Investors in this plan are not offered guaranteed/ assured returns. | The Unit Linked Insurance Products do not offer any liquidity during the first five years of the contract. The policyholder will not be able to surrender/withdraw the monies invested in Unit Linked Insurance Products completely or partially till the end of the fifth year. The premium shall be adjusted on the due date even if it has been received in advance. Applicable taxes, cesses and levies as imposed by the government from time to time will be deducted from the premiums received or from the funds, as applicable. Disclaimer: @$ The Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index was launched in Feb’25. The past returns are back tested based on historical returns and formula (provided by NSE). These are returns of benchmark indices and are not indicative of return on Axis Max Life Insurance’s NIFTY 500 Multifactor 50 Index fund. Axis Max Life’s NIFTY 500 Multifactor 50 Index fund (SFIN: ULIF03414/05/25MULTIFACTO104) is a passively managed Index Fund that mirrors NSE’s Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index, subject to tracking error. The fund value calculation is done by projecting historical returns of NSE’s Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index, after adjusting for all expenses (except tracking error) Axis Max Life’s Online Savings Plan (UIN: 104L098V06)) for a 30-year old male investing 5K/10K per month for 10 years. The above return values have been calculated assuming 21% p.a. gross investment returns, which is the returns since inception of NSE's Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index (backtested) as on 24th April 2025. For FWAP, replace Axis Max Life’s Online Savings Plan (UIN: 104L098V06) with Axis max Life’s Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan (UIN: 104L121V04). Disclaimer: %$ The Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index was launched in Feb’25. The past returns are back tested based on historical returns and formula (provided by NSE). These are returns of benchmark indices and are not indicative of return on Axis Max Life Insurance’s NIFTY 500 Multifactor 50 Index Pension Fund. Axis Max Life’s NIFTY 500 Multifactor 50 Index Pension Fund (SFIN: ULIF03523/06/25PENSMULFAC104) is a passively managed Index Pension Fund that mirrors NSE’s Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index, subject to tracking error. The fund value calculation is done by projecting historical returns of NSE’s Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index, after adjusting for all expenses (except tracking error) Axis Max Life’s Forever Young Plan (UIN: 104L075V07) for a 30-year old male investing 10K/20k per month for 10 years. The above return values have been calculated assuming 21% p.a. gross investment returns, which is the returns since inception of NSE's Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index (backtested) as on 10th June 2025. Disclaimer: ^$ The fund value calculation is done by projecting returns of NSE's Nifty 500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index at 21% gross investment returns ( which is the return since inception (backtested) as on June 10, 2025), after adjusting for all expenses (except tracking error) in Axis Max Life’s Forever Young Pension Plan (UIN: 104L075V07). The pension amount has been calculated assuming that the proceeds from the entire corpus available at the time of maturity of Forever Young Pension Plan (UIN: 104L075V07) has been used to purchase Smart Guaranteed Pension Plan (UIN: 104N122V21) Single Life Immediate Annuity for life (with death benefit) option. Disclaimer: %^ BSE 500 Enhanced Value 50 Index was launched in May'25. The past returns are back tested based on historical returns and formula (provided by BSE). These are returns of benchmark indices and are not indicative of return on Axis Max Life Insurance’s BSE 500 Value 50 fund. Axis Max Life’s BSE 500 Value 50 Fund (SFIN: ULIF03623/07/25BSEVALUEIN104) is a passively managed Index Fund that mirrors BSE 500 Enhanced Value 50 Index, subject to tracking error. The fund value calculation is done by projecting historical returns of BSE 500 Enhanced Value 50 Index, after adjusting for all expenses (except tracking error) in Axis Max Life’s Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan (UIN: 104L121V04) for a 30 year old male investing 10K per month for 10 years. The above values have been calculated assuming 22.4% p.a. gross investment returns, which is the 7-year returns of BSE 500 Value 50 Index as on 16th July 2025. Disclaimer: $^ The returns shown above are based on the past performance of Axis Max Life’s High Growth Fund (SFIN: ULIF01311/02/08LIFEHIGHGR104). These are past returns and are not indicative of return on Axis Max Life Insurance’s High Growth Pension Fund. Axis Max Life’s High Growth Pension Fund (SFIN: ULIF03722/09/25PENSHIGHGR104) is an actively managed pension fund, with an objective to invest in mid cap equities, where predominant investments are equities of companies with high growth potential in the long term. The fund value calculation is done by projecting the past returns of AMLI’s High Growth Fund after adjusting for all expenses in Axis Max Life’s Forever Young Pension Plan (UIN: 104L075V07) for a 30 year old male investing 5K/10K/20K/30K per month for 10 years. The above value(s) have been calculated assuming 21.4% p.a. gross investment returns, which is the past 7-years returns of Axis Max Life’s High Growth Fund. Disclaimer: $@ The returns shown above are based on the past performance of Axis Max Life Insurance’s High Growth Fund (SFIN: ULIF01311/02/08LIFEHIGHGR104). These are past returns and are not indicative of return of Axis Max LIfe's India Consumption Opportunities Fund (SFIN: ULIF03807/10/25INDIACONSU104). AMLI's India Consumption Opportunities Fund is an actively managed fund, with an objective to achieve long-term capital appreciation by investing in equity instruments of companies operating in the consumption sector and its related or allied industries.  The fund value calculation is done by projecting the past returns of AMLI’s High Growth Fund after adjusting for all expenses in Axis Max Life’s Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan (UIN: 104L121V04) for a 30 year old male investing 5K/10K/15K/30K per month for 10 years. The above values have been calculated assuming 22.7% p.a. gross investment returns, which is the past 7-years returns of AMLI’s High Growth Fund. Disclaimer: #$ BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index was launched in Mar'25. The past returns are back tested based on historical returns and formula (provided by BSE). These are returns of benchmark index and are not indicative of return of Axis Max Life Insurance’s BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index fund. Axis Max Life’s BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index Fund (SFIN:ULIF03907/11/25BSEDIVLEAD104 ) is a passively managed Index Fund that mirrors BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index, subject to tracking error. The fund value calculation is done by projecting historical returns of BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index, after adjusting for all expenses (except tracking error) in Axis Max Life’s Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan (UIN: 104L121V04) for a 30 year old male investing INR 5K/10K per month for 10 years. The above values have been calculated assuming 22.3% p.a. gross investment returns. The index fund is expected to generate similar returns as of the benchmark returns, however due to expenses, portfolio deviations (because of timing of investments/flows) and regulatory restrictions (sector limits)returns of the AMLI fund and benchmark may differ. The maturity amount shown above is for a 30-year old healthy male who invests Rs. 5K/10K per month for 10 years and remains invested for 20 years. The total premium to be paid (excl. GST) in 10 years will be Rs. 6 Lakhs/12 lakhs. The guaranteed benefits are available under Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Advantage Guarantee Plan (UIN:104N124V15) & are applicable if all the premiums are paid. Capital Guarantee solution is a combination of benefits of two individual and separate products named Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan, A Unit Linked Non Participating Individual Life Insurance Plan (UIN: 104L098V06) and Axis Max Life Smart Wealth Advantage Guarantee Plan, (A Non Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Savings Plan, UIN: 104N124V15). These products are also available for sale individually without the combination offered/suggested. This benefit illustration is the arithmetic combination and chronological listing of combined benefits of individual products. The customer is advised to refer to the detailed sales brochure of respective individual products mentioned herein before concluding the sale. Disclaimer: $1 The returns shown above are based on the past performance of BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index. These are past returns and are not indicative of return on Axis Max Life Insurance’s BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index Fund. AMLI BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index Fund (SFIN: ULIF04017/11/25PENDIVLEAD104)  is a passively managed pension fund, with an objective invest in a basket of stocks drawn from the constituents of BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index. The fund will invest in companies with similar weights as in the index and generate returns as closely as possible, subject to tracking error and regulatory restrictions (sectoral limits). The fund value calculation is done by projecting the past returns of BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index after adjusting for all expenses in Axis Max Life’s Forever Young Pension Plan (UIN: 104L075V07) for a 30 year old male investing 5K/10K per month for 10 years. The above values have been calculated assuming 22.3% p.a. gross investment returns, which is the past 7-years returns of BSE 500 Dividend Leaders 50 Index Fund (Back-tested). Disclaimer: @@ The returns shown above are based on the past performance of AMLI’s High Growth Fund (SFIN: ULIF01311/02/08LIFEHIGHGR104). These are past returns and are not indicative of return of AMLI's High Growth Fund II (SFIN: ULIF04117/12/25HIGHGROWTH104). AMLI's High Growth Fund II is a mid-cap fund investing in companies with high growth potential in the long term. At least 80% of the Fund corpus is always invested in equities. However, the remaining is invested in government securities, corporate bonds and money market instruments; hence the risk involved is relatively higher. The fund value calculation is done by projecting the past returns of AMLI’s High Growth Fund after adjusting for all expenses in Axis Max Life Online Savings Plan Plus (UIN: 104L131V01) for a 30 year old male investing 5K/10K per month for 10 years. The above values have been calculated assuming 23.7% p.a. gross investment returns, which is the past 7-years returns of AMLI’s High Growth Fund. Disclaimer: ^* Axis Max Life's Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan (UIN: 104L121V04) is a Unit Linked Pension Plan. Axis Max Life Insurance is only the name of the insurance company and Axis Max Life Flexi Wealth Advantage Plan (UIN: 104L121V04) is only the name of the unit linked pension product and does not in any way indicate the quality of the contract, its future prospects or returns. The premium paid in the Unit Linked Policies is subject to investment risks associated with capital markets and the NAVs of the units may go up or down based on the performance of fund and factors influencing the capital market and the insured is responsible for his/her decisions. Please note, while our website has been updated with the changed corporate name and brand identity, our product collaterals will be updated in due course. We regret any inconvenience caused. Disclaimer: @^ Not taxable in India as per DTAA subject to providing valid TRC, No Permanent establishment certificate and Form 10F. This clause holds true for: a)       Kuwait, Saudi Arabia & UAE: Applicable for both Traditional (Non-ULIPs) & Capital Gains (ULIPs). b)      Oman & Qatar: Applicable for only Capital Gains (ULIPs). Disclaimer: ^8 The award is for product Axis Max Life Smart Term Plan Plus, winner under Life Insurance Term Plan category as per survey of 1800 people by NielsonIQ across categories. Disclaimer: *9 The assumed rate of return (8% p.a.) shown in the illustrative example is not guaranteed is not the upper or lower limit of what you might get back. The value of your policy depends on multiple factors including future investment performance. The maturity amount shown is for a 30-year-old healthy male, paying premium of ₹10,000 per month for 30 years premium payment term, and 30 years policy term with Axis Max Life Online Saving Plan Plus (A Unit Linked Non-Participating Individual Life Insurance Plan) | Life Insurance is available in this product. Disclaimer: *6 Check the Total Premium and monthly premium amounts for various sum assured in the below table. For Sum assured of 75 lakh, 1 crore, 1.5 crore and 2 crore, the below calculations are based on Axis Max Life Smart Total Elite Protection Term Plan (A Non Linked Non Participating Individual Pure Risk Life Insurance Plan, UIN: 104N125V08). Monthly premium amounts are before any applicable discounts assuming Regular Pay and monthly payment mode. Age of Male Applicant Premium Amount for Rs. 75 lakh Term Plan Premium Amount for Rs. 1 crore Term Plan Premium Amount for Rs. 1.5 crore Term Plan Premium Amount for Rs. 2 crore Term Plan Smoker Non-Smoker Smoker Non-Smoker Smoker Non-Smoker Smoker Non-Smoker 18 Years (PPT: 67 years) 1,488/Month Total Premium: 11.33 lakh 930/Month Total Premium: 7.08 lakh 1,500/Month Total Premium: 11.42 lakh 938/Month Total Premium: 7.14 lakh 2,251/Month Total Premium: 17.14 lakh 1,407/Month Total Premium: 10.71 lakh 2,675/Month Total Premium: 20.37 lakh 1,672/Month Total Premium: 12.73 lakh 25 Years (PPT: 60 years) 1,966/Month Total Premium: 13.40 lakh 1,228/Month Total Premium: 8.38 lakh 2,054/Month Total Premium: 14.01 lakh 1,284/Month Total Premium: 8.75 lakh 3,081/Month Total Premium: 21.01 lakh 1,926/Month Total Premium: 13.13 lakh 3,607/Month Total Premium: 24.59 lakh 2,255/Month Total Premium: 15.37 lakh 35 Years (PPT: 50 years) 3,182/Month Total Premium: 18.08 lakh 1,989/Month Total Premium: 11.30 lakh 3,592/Month Total Premium: 20.41 lakh 2,245/Month Total Premium: 12.76 lakh 5,388/Month Total Premium: 30.61 lakh 3,367/Month Total Premium: 19.13 lakh 5,947/Month Total Premium: 33.79 lakh 3,717/Month Total Premium: 21.12 lakh 45 Years (PPT: 40 years) 5,971/Month Total Premium: 27.14 lakh 3,732/Month Total Premium: 16.96 lakh 6,629/Month Total Premium: 30.13 lakh 4,143/Month Total Premium: 18.83 lakh 9,944/Month Total Premium: 45.20 lakh 6,215/Month Total Premium: 28.25 lakh 12,546/Month Total Premium: 57.02 lakh 7,841/Month Total Premium: 35.64 lakh 55 Years (PPT: 30 years) 11,656/Month Total Premium: 39.74 lakh 7,285/Month Total Premium: 24.83 lakh 13,719/Month Total Premium: 46.77 lakh 8,574/Month Total Premium: 29.23 lakh 20,578/Month Total Premium: 70.15 lakh 12,861/Month Total Premium: 43.84 lakh 26,160/Month Total Premium: 89.18 lakh 16,350/Month Total Premium: 55.74 lakh 60 Years (PPT: 25 years) 16,846/Month Total Premium: 47.86 lakh 10,529/Month Total Premium: 29.91 lakh 19,966/Month Total Premium: 56.72 lakh 12,479/Month Total Premium: 35.45 lakh 29,949/Month Total Premium: 85.08 lakh 18,718/Month Total Premium: 53.18 lakh 37,689/Month Total Premium: 107.07 lakh 23,555/Month Total Premium: 66.92 lakh Age of Female Applicant Premium Amount for Rs. 75 lakh Term Plan Premium Amount for Rs. 1 crore Term Plan Premium Amount for Rs. 1.5 crore Term Plan Premium Amount for Rs. 2 crore Term Plan Smoker Non-Smoker Smoker Non-Smoker Smoker Non-Smoker Smoker Non-Smoker 18 Years (PPT: 67 years) 1,488/Month Total Premium payable: 11.33 lakh 930/Month Total Premium payable: 7.08 lakh 1,500/Month Total Premium payable: 11.42 lakh 938/Month Total Premium payable: 7.14 lakh 2,251/Month Total Premium payable: 17.14 lakh 1,407/Month Total Premium payable: 10.71 lakh 2,675/Month Total Premium payable: 20.37 lakh 1,672/Month Total Premium payable: 12.73 lakh 25 Years (PPT: 60 years) 1,707/Month Total Premium payable: 11.64 lakh 1,067/Month Total Premium payable: 7.28 lakh 1,744/Month Total Premium payable: 11.89 lakh 1,090/Month Total Premium payable: 7.43 lakh 2,616/Month Total Premium payable: 17.84 lakh 1,635/Month Total Premium payable: 11.15 lakh 2,972/Month Total Premium payable: 20.27 lakh 1,858/Month Total Premium payable: 12.67 lakh 35 Years (PPT: 50 years) 2,617/Month Total Premium payable: 14.87 lakh 1,636/Month Total Premium payable: 9.29 lakh 2,905/Month Total Premium payable: 16.50 lakh 1,815/Month Total Premium payable: 10.32 lakh 4,357/Month Total Premium payable: 24.76 lakh 2,723/Month Total Premium payable: 15.47 lakh 4,801/Month Total Premium payable: 27.28 lakh 3,000/Month Total Premium payable: 17.05 lakh 45 Years (PPT: 40 years) 4,794/Month Total Premium payable: 21.79 lakh 2,996/Month Total Premium payable: 13.62 lakh 5,061/Month Total Premium payable: 23.00 lakh 3,163/Month Total Premium payable: 14.38 lakh 7,591/Month Total Premium payable: 34.50 lakh 4,744/Month Total Premium payable: 21.56 lakh 9,496/Month Total Premium payable: 43.16 lakh 5,935/Month Total Premium payable: 26.98 lakh 55 Years (PPT: 30 years) 8,883/Month Total Premium payable: 30.28 lakh 5,552/Month Total Premium payable: 18.93 lakh 10,102/Month Total Premium payable: 34.44 lakh 6,314/Month Total Premium payable: 21.52 lakh 15,153/Month Total Premium payable: 51.66 lakh 9,471/Month Total Premium payable: 32.29 lakh 19,378/Month Total Premium payable: 66.06 lakh 12,111/Month Total Premium payable: 41.29 lakh 60 Years (PPT: 25 years) 12,611/Month Total Premium payable: 35.83 lakh 7,882/Month Total Premium payable: 22.39 lakh 14,826/Month Total Premium payable: 42.12 lakh 9,266/Month Total Premium payable: 26.32 lakh 22,239/Month Total Premium payable: 63.18 lakh 13,899/Month Total Premium payable: 39.49 lakh 27,941/Month Total Premium payable: 79.38 lakh 17,463/Month Total Premium payable: 49.61 lakh Copyright © 2025 – All Rights
          Reserved – Official Website of Axis Max Life Insurance Limited | India. Note: Content on this website are published and managed by Axis Max
          Life Insurance Limited, India. Apps. Browser Compatibility Google Chrome 125+ | Firefox 126+ | Microsoft Edge Version 125+ | Safari