Axway | Software | Middleware Skip to main content Support Axway Community Documentation Developer Portal Axway Security Statement Contact Support User Group Program Login Customer Partner Products Back Amplify Platform Amplify Platform Build, publish, validate, and govern APIs across multiple clouds, on-premises data centers, and gateway vendors, while automating continuous discovery of new and unknown APIs. View Product Back Amplify AI Gateway Amplify API Management Amplify Engage Amplify Fusion Amplify Open Banking Report We're a Leader 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for API Management Read the Report Guide Accelerate digital project delivery and success Read the Guide B2B Integration B2B Integration Secure and simplify data integration between enterprise systems, business teams, partner communities, plus cloud and mobile applications. View Product Back Activator B2B Cloud Services B2Bi Enterprise Edition Business Network (VAN) Controlled Substance Ordering System eInvoicing eSubmissions Track & Trace WebEDI Supplier Portal Report We're a Leader IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Business-to-Business Middleware 2024 Vendor Assessment Read the Excerpt Blog What is AS4? The bridge between traditional EDI and API-native B2B integration. Read the Blog Financial Accounting Hub Financial Accounting Hub Accelerate digital finance transformation with a secure, comprehensive platform that ensures data quality and information alignment and supports operational, financial, and business requirements from a single source of truth. View Product Back AFAH HubLedger AFAH Model Flyer Shift your subledger perspective to confront regulatory complexity, expanding data requirements, and urgency for data-driven decisions Read the Flyer White Paper ERP transformation: Unleashing the potential of digital finance Read the White Paper Managed File Transfer Managed File Transfer Simplify and secure critical file transfers and optimize business value with a scalable, flexible MFT solution you can deploy in the cloud, on-premises, or both. View Product Line Back SecureTransport Transfer CFT Workbench Financial Integration Secure Client MFT Cloud Services Case Study Textron enhances the security of mission-critical file transfers Read the Case Study Guide Is it time to reevaluate your current file transfer vendor? Read the Guide Specialized Products Solutions Back Banking & Financial Services Axway banking and financial services solutions Securely open data locked in core enterprise systems to create new banking and financial services as well as new business models that you can extend to whole new markets. Explore Industry Solution Back Infographic 7 things to know about PSD3 and PSR Read More Resources Customers succeeding with solutions for banking and financial services Read more Healthcare Life Science Other Industries By Industries Our Customers Back Customer Stories Customer Case Studies More than 11,000 companies across banking, healthcare, supply chain, and other industries look to Axway to enrich their customer experience, accelerate innovation, and simplify data security and governance Learn More Back Case Study Renta 4 drives service innovation with APIs Read the Case Study Guide HCSC delivers always-on access to quality care Read the Guide Customer Advocacy Axway Excellence Awards Resources Resources Explore case studies, articles, white papers, product info, and more, that help accelerate your digital business transformation. Explore Resources Back Resources Back Analyst Reports Blogs Videos Events Back Live Events Upcoming Webinars On-Demand Webinars Partners Back Find a partner Become a Partner Partner Resources Learn Back Training & Certification Axway University Why Axway Why Axway As a leader in core enterprise integration solutions for 25 years, Axway helps companies shape and implement sound strategies for success in a dynamic digital business environment. You’re in good company Back About Us Back Why Axway Compare Careers Locations In the News Back Newsroom Axway Reviews Analyst Reports Corporate Information Back Leadership Corporate Social Responsibility Investor Relations Legal Contracts Experts Back Catalyst Specialist Consulting Services Training & Certification Pricing + English English Français Deutsch Português, Brasil Spanish Italiano Contact Us Axway named a winner of 2025 EMEA AWS Partner Awards Axway has partnered with AWS for more than a decade to provide both public and private SaaS solutions, collectively enabling over 200 customers worldwide. Read the Press Release Axway has been named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner ® Magic Quadrant™ for API Management 1 for the 10th time In companion research issued by Gartner along with the report, Critical Capabilities for API Management, Axway received the highest score for the Distributed API Management Use Case 2 for the third consecutive year. Read the Gartner Report Meet Amplify Fusion. Multi-pattern integration to cut complexity, speed AI adoption, and orchestrate your digital future. Watch the Video Learn More Everyone has transactions. We handle over 1 million every day Use what you have to build what you need. In the cloud, on-prem, or both. Amplify Platform A visionary platform for securing, governing, and monetizing APIs at scale Learn More B2B Integration Powering the transactional lifeblood of the world's largest trading ecosystems Learn More Managed File Transfer The industry standard for secure, reliable, and efficient file data integration Learn More Financial Accounting Hub Data consistency, agility, and auditability for faster and secure Finance ERP transformations Learn More Specialized Products Enhancing digital processes with security, automation, and real-time intelligence Learn More Complete product line Our core line of enterprise integration products meets the full scope of digital business challenges Learn More Leader, Winter 2026 Leader Enterprise, Winter 2026 Easiest To Do Business With Enterprise, Winter 2026 Best Meets Requirements Enterprise, Winter 2026 Leading voices agree: trust and security are at the core of Axway products G2 shares over 1M user reviews to drive better purchasing decisions. With a consistent 4.5-5.0 star rating across our core products, Axway delivers the security and stability customers trust. Learn More Supporting retail activities with a modern B2B integration approach "B2Bi is critical for the Co-op, especially in its retail organization. If B2Bi went down or we turned it off tomorrow, we would have no business, it’s as simple as that. -Dave Barnett, Principal Solutions Architect – Integration, Co-op Read more customer case studies Axway is in your industry Banking and Financial Services Gain the advantages of open banking with an API-first approach that unleashes the value of your digital ecosystem to create new services and expand markets Learn More Healthcare Reach further into the healthcare ecosystem and improve patient engagement with an API management platform that meets all critical healthcare standards and regulations Learn More Government Manage and safeguard public data across the government agency ecosystem on-premises or in any cloud environment with an open API management platform and API-powered B2B/EDI and MFT Learn More 1 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for API Management, Shameen Pillai, John Santoro, Steve Schwent, Nicholas Carter, 7 October 2025 The report was published as Magic Quadrant for Application Services Governance for the year 2013 and 2015, as Magic Quadrant for Full Life Cycle API Management for 2016; 2019–2022, Axway was recognized as Axway (Vordel) in 2013. Magic Quadrant is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. 2 Gartner® Critical Capabilities for API Management, Shameen Pillai, John Santoro, Nicolas Carter, Steve Schwent, 7 October 2025 Magic Quadrant is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Products Amplify Platform B2B Integration Financial Accounting Hub Managed File Transfer Specialized Products Solutions By Industries Banking & Financial Services Healthcare Life Science Other Industries Our Customers Axway Excellence Awards Why Axway You're in good company with Axway Axway Reviews Pricing Support Resources Partners Contact Legal Contracts Sitemap Impressum & Term of Use Privacy Statement Ethics and anti-corruption Privacy Compliance Program - GDPR ©2025 ©Axway | a proud member of 74Software .