Azul | The Java Platform for the Modern Cloud Enterprise Azul Announces Strategic Investment from Thoma Bravo. Read More Here Support Search search English 简体中文 ( Chinese (Simplified) ) Deutsch ( German ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) 한국어 ( Korean ) Français ( French ) Products Products Azul Intelligence Cloud Actionable intelligence from production Java runtime data. Azul Platform Core Includes Azul Zulu, the world’s most secure and stable build of OpenJDK. Azul Platform Prime Includes Azul Zing, this award-winning high-performance Java platform improves app performance, responsiveness and DevOps efficiency while cutting your cloud bill. Pricing No matter the size of your company, Azul offers competitive pricing options to fit your needs, your budget, and your ambition. east Solutions Solutions Industries We Serve Higher Education Retail & e-Commerce Public Sector Financial Services Software & Technology Energy & Utilities Manufacturing Electronics Automotive Communications Media, Travel & Entertainment AdTech Gaming Use Cases Oracle Java Migration & Compliance Cloud Cost Optimization SaaS Applications IoT & Embedded Big Data e-Commerce Payments Trading & Risk Fraud & identity Cloud Applications Digital Transformation Technologies Overview Cassandra Kafka Solr Elasticsearch Hadoop & HBase Spark Ignite Hazelcast Tomcat JBoss ZooKeeper See why “OpenJDK Migration for Dummies” may be your smartest move. Move to the OpenJDK distribution that’s right for you with help from a new Wiley Guide sponsored by Azul. Get Your Copy Customers Customers Customer Success Discover why thousands of name-brand modern cloud enterprises around the world trust Azul to deliver the unparalleled performance, support, and value they need to run their mission-critical Java applications. Learn More Unmatched Support How do we achieve 100% customer satisfaction? By delivering the best support in the industry, including 24/7/365 responsiveness and a team of dedicated Java-focused engineers averaging 20+ years of experience. Get Support “With Azul Platform Prime, we reduced our front-end server footprint by hundreds of servers and our database server footprint by 50%. This translates into millions of dollars in savings.” Ariel Pisetzky, VP of IT Learn Learn Learn Resources Webinars On-Demand Events Tutorials Blog Documentation Glossary School of OpenJDK Migration Quick Actions Java Downloads Create a Support Ticket Find a Partner Talk to Sales Further Learning Gartner Report: Choosing a Java Runtime The Cloud Cost Optimization Cookbook Dummies Guide to OpenJDK Migration The High-Performance Java Platform Benchmark Report Choosing the Right High-Performance Java Platform Get Your Copy Company Company About Azul equals Java. Newsroom Press release and articles. Leadership Leaders with a passion for Java. Careers Grow with us. Partners Technical partners, resellers, and alliances. Awards Company and product recognition. 2025 State of Java Survey and Report The State of Java Survey and Report provides insights from more than 2,000 global businesses into Java’s impact. Download the Report Speak to a Java Expert Download Now Making Java Secure, Efficient & Affordable The world’s most trusted Java platform founded on open source, delivered by the world’s largest independent Java engineering team. The Azul Platform Get a Demo See the Platform Announcement Azul Acquires Payara Announcing the strategic acquisition to deliver a unified, enterprise-grade Java platform—built on open source. Learn More east Report An Authoritative Study Exploring Compliance, Audits, Open Source, and Java 73% of survey participants say their organization has experienced an Oracle Java audit in the last three years. Download The ITAM & SAM Survey and Report to learn more. Download the Report east Guide Choosing the Right High-Performance Java Platform Java is everywhere, and there have never been more ways to run your Java applications. Link east Guide Oracle Renewal vs OpenJDK Comparison Guide Compare 5 alternatives to Oracle Java SE Link east Trusted by 36% of the Fortune 100 10 of the world’s 10 largest banks 100’s of millions of installations See More Customers east The Azul Platform. Powering the most progressive Java applications and deployments with the certainty of performance, security, value and success. Azul Intelligence Cloud Actionable intelligence from production Java runtime data Boost DevOps Productivity Learn More east Eliminate Vulnerability False Positives Efficiently Triage New Vulnerabilities Code Use Analysis & Unused Code Visibility Real-time & Historical Analysis Oracle Java Migration & Ongoing Compliance Azul Platform Core Includes Azul Zulu , the world’s most secure and stable build of OpenJDK 70%+ Savings vs. Oracle Java Learn More east Security Readiness & Compliance IP Protection & Indemnification Oracle Java Migration & Replacement Azul Platform Prime Includes Azul Zing , an enhanced build of OpenJDK for superior performance, consistency and efficiency 20%+ reduction in Cloud Costs Learn More east Infrastructure & Cloud Cost Optimization DevOps Productivity & Efficiency Application Performance & Latency Improvement OpenJDK Benefits the Java technologies you already know and love. Reduce infrastructure overhead and improve performance when using these technologies. Through our strategic partnership with Azul, we significantly reduced our security risk level with our Java applications and Java-based infrastructure, which certainly helps me sleep better at night. In addition, the benefits of switching to Azul Platform Core as our JVM are clear. Our Java estate is now consistent, standardized, easier to maintain, and has brought a level of simplicity that’s a huge benefit to our organization. Jenny Nelson, Head of ICT & Digital “In talking with Azul, the trust came quickly, and was continually reinforced by the excellent support we received. Azul gives us peace of mind.” Travis Spencer, CEO “Azul has been a key part of our solution stack for eight years. In all that time we have not experienced a single issue related to our Java infrastructure.” Christian Burger, Senior Head IT Custom Solutions “With Azul Platform Prime, we reduced our front-end server footprint by hundreds of servers and our database server footprint by 50%. This translates into millions of dollars in savings.” Ariel Pisetzky, VP of IT “Azul’s approach to application scalability is unmatched and we have seen a tremendous improvement in application response time consistency since Azul went live.” Jan Helin, Systems Manager “I’m just as enthusiastic today about Azul as when I started out with the product ten years ago as a performance engineer. Azul Platform Prime removes the toil in operations.” Attila Bukta, Sr., Director of OMS Service Reliability Engineering arrow_back arrow_forward Check Out More Customers The best Java support in the industry. Bar none. There’s a reason Azul has a 100% customer satisfaction rating: our relentless focus on helping customers unleash the true power of Java. Product releases that meet or exceed Oracle Long Term Support (LTS) based on 8+2 year product lifecycle model. Check out the Java Support Roadmap & Lifecycle east Expert problem resolution available 24/7 Enjoy follow-the-sun coverage, strict support SLAs, and a 100% customer satisfaction rating. Learn More about Azul OpenJDK Support east Fast, straightforward Java migration Our drop-in solution and advisory services make it easy to migrate from the Oracle JDK. Find Java Migration Services east Discover even more. Forrester: “Azul Platform Prime achieves 224% ROI.” Learn how four innovative customers used Azul Platform Prime to reduce total server count, simplify operations, and improve developer productivity—all while driving down operating costs. Read the Report east High-Performance Java Platform Comparison Guide A new generation of high-performance Java platforms is changing the game. The High-Performance Java Platform Comparison Guide looks at what sets the different Java platforms apart and how to choose the right one for your Java estate. Learn More east Choosing a Java Runtime According to the Gartner report, “by 2025, more than 70% of Java applications will be deployed on third-party Java runtimes, up from 30% in 2019.” Read Now east Products & Solutions Azul Platform Core Azul Platform Prime Azul Intelligence Cloud Pricing Customers Customer Success Download Software Documentation Partners & Resellers Channel Partners Tech Partners & Alliances Find a Partner News & Events Newsroom Resources Events & Webinars Blog Company About Azul Leadership Careers Why Azul Contact Glossary Sign-Up for Our Newsletter Sign-Up Connect with us Languages English 简体中文 ( Chinese (Simplified) ) Deutsch ( German ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) 한국어 ( Korean ) Français ( French ) Azul, Azul Systems, Zing, Zulu, Zulu Enterprise, ReadyNow! are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Azul Systems Inc., registered in the U.S. and elsewhere. All other trademarks belong to their respective owners. © Azul 2025. All rights reserved. Compliance Privacy Policy Legal Terms of Use Privacy Settings