Skip to main content
Microsoft
Azure
Explore Products Solutions Pricing More
LearnSupportContact SalesGet started with AzureSign in

Introducing Anthropic's Claude Opus 4.5 in Microsoft Foundry.

Read the blog
AZURE AT MICROSOFT IGNITE
Chaos doesn’t scale. Connection does.
Capture your agentic advantage with Azure—where evolving models, data, and compute can optimize across an open cloud platform. Try Azure free for up to 30 days.
Get started with Azure
Explore Microsoft Foundry
Featured news
Solutions
Products and services
Resources by role
Customer stories
Get started with Azure
Ask Microsoft

Need help finding a product or solution? Try Ask Microsoft.

How can I try Azure?
How will Microsoft Foundry help my business?
FEATURED NEWS
Discover what’s happening on Azure
Microsoft Ignite is here
Learn about Azure’s latest cloud and AI innovations and product updates from Microsoft Ignite. Strengthen your skills, build connections, and explore emerging technologies.
Explore Microsoft Ignite
Azure news at Microsoft Ignite
Get a recap of stories from Microsoft Ignite and learn how Azure is the best cloud for AI—helping design, fuel, and operationalize agentic systems that understand your business.
Read the blog
Anthropic's Claude in Microsoft Foundry
Power the next wave of agentic AI with Azure. Build intelligent agents with Claude models in Foundry and integrate reasoning, coding, and analysis directly into your workflows.
Learn more
SOLUTIONS
Find solutions for putting your ideas into action
Featured solutions
Cloud migration
Data transformation
App development
AI
Microsoft Foundry
The AI application and agent factory: Design, customize, and manage AI apps and agents at scale.
Create with Foundry
Watch the video
SQL Server migration
Innovate on an adaptive cloud
Azure application platform
Azure databases
Back to tabs
View all solutions (40+)
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Explore tools for bringing your vision to life
Featured
AI + machine learning
App development
Compute
Databases + analytics
Hybrid + multicloud
Azure Copilot
Simplify deployments and boost productivity with guidance built into Azure.
Explore the product
Foundry Agent Service
Securely design, deploy, and scale AI agents with ease.
Explore the product
Azure Migrate
Simplify Azure migration and modernization with unified platform.
Explore the product
Observability in Foundry Control Plane
Optimize and scale AI apps and agents with end-to-end monitoring, tracing, and evaluation.
Explore the product
Azure AI Search
Build high-impact AI apps with one centralized solution for agentic retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) workflows.
Explore the product
Azure DocumentDB
Discover a fully managed, open-source, and MongoDB-compatible document database for AI-driven apps, offering cross-cloud compatible solutions.
Explore the product
Microsoft Fabric
Unify your teams and data to accelerate AI innovation with a complete data platform. 
Explore the product
Back to tabs
See all products (200+)
See why Microsoft was named a Leader by Gartner®
Discover why Microsoft was named a Leader and positioned furthest to the right for Completeness of Vision in the 2024 Magic Quadrant™ for Strategic Cloud Platform Services (SCPS).
Read the blog
RESOURCES BY ROLE
Transform the way you work
IT professionals
Developers
Data analysts
Business leaders
Startups
Students
Optimize your infrastructure with popular Azure solutions and services.
Explore migration solutions
Back to tabs
Azure global infrastructure
Go beyond the limits of on-premises datacenters with more regions than any other provider.
Explore the globe
CUSTOMER STORIES
See how customers are innovating with Azure
View all stories
previous
Slide 1
Slide 1
Slide 1
Slide 1
Slide 1
Slide 1
Premier League drives deep fan connection with Microsoft Foundry and Azure Cosmos DB
The Premier League is forging deep connections with its growing global fanbase, using Azure AI to unify data and personalize experiences.
Products
Azure Cosmos DB
Azure
Azure Data Factory
Read the story
Nasdaq transforms the boardroom experience with AI integration built on Azure
Nasdaq is transforming board governance with Microsoft Foundry, cutting directors’ reading time and boosting decision speed, accuracy, and compliance.
Products
Azure
Azure Database for PostgreSQL
Azure Kubernetes Service
Read the story
Dentsu democratizes analytics with Fabric, delivering 55% faster data replication
Dentsu transforms global analytics with Microsoft Fabric, accelerating insights and enabling AI ready decision making.
Products
Microsoft Fabric
Azure
Power BI
Read the story
August AI enriches patient care with AI health companion powered by Microsoft Azure
August AI is enriching patient care with a healthcare companion on Microsoft Azure that supports 3.5 million customers
Products
Linux on Azure
Azure Database for PostgreSQL
Azure Container Apps
Read the story
Ecolab embraces agentic AI and streamlines root-cause analysis with Azure SRE Agent
Ecolab is pioneering agentic AI for site reliability operations, streamlining incident response and root-cause analysis with Azure SRE Agent.
Products
Azure
Azure Monitor
Azure DevOps
Read the story
System performance at Apollo Hospitals improves significantly after migrating to Azure
Apollo Hospitals modernized its core systems with Azure, reducing delays, improving agility, and building a future-ready digital foundation for care.
Products
Azure Database for PostgreSQL
Azure Databricks
Microsoft Fabric
Read the story
Back to SUCCESS STORIES section
Take the next step
Choose the Azure account that’s right for you
Pay as you go or try Azure for free for up to 30 days.
Get started with Azure
Connect with a sales specialist
 
Chat with or call a sales specialist for personalized guidance.

Get in Touch
New to Azure? Learn at your own pace
Learn cloud computing basics with self-paced modules on Microsoft Learn.

Get Started
Get the Azure mobile app
           
Explore Azure
What is Azure?
Get started with Azure
Global infrastructure
Datacenter regions
Trust your cloud
Azure Essentials
Customer stories
Products and pricing
Products
Azure pricing
Free Azure services
Flexible purchase options
FinOps on Azure
Optimize your costs
Solutions and support
Solutions
Resources for accelerating growth
Solution architectures
Support
Azure demo and live Q&A
Partners
Software Development Companies
Microsoft Marketplace
Find a partner
Resources
Documentation
Blog
Developer resources
Students
Events and Webinars
Analyst reports, white papers, and e-books
Videos
Cloud computing
What is cloud computing?
What is multicloud?
What is machine learning?
What is deep learning?
What is AIaaS?
What are LLMs?
What is a container?
What is RAG?
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks Safety & eco Recycling About our ads © Microsoft 2025
Ask Microsoft​