AZUR GAMES - Play, Publish, Work, Grow with Us! About us Games Publishing Blog All Case Studies GameDev News Interviews Submit game Game Submission Form Contact information Full name E-mail Game information Game title Gameplay video link Is your game live on the App Store/Google Play store? Yes No APK download link Please enter the app URL Tell us more about your game Team Studio name Website (optional) Location Portfolio link Team size Tell us more about your team Development platform Both iOS Android Do you have previous experience with publisher(s)? Yes No Apply I agree to the privacy policy This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. We received your game! What’s next? Our team will test your project in two steps: 1. Internal Azur Games Validation. We will estimate the gameplay and make the decision about the public test. Shortly speaking, we will answer the question if we believe in this title or not. 2. Public Test. We will buy a bit of user traffic and check how the game performs with our advertising. Mostly we look at Retention rate and CPI. At the second stage, you should pass short integration with Facebook and App Metrics for the visibility of performance. For this purpose we will invite you to our Slack channel to solve technical tracking issues. After these steps, we are making a publishing offer. We will get back to you in two days with the feedback on the first stage. Don’t forget to check the mailbox! en English Español Tiếng Việt Türkçe 简体中文 한국어 Русский Submit game play Publish work grow With us We’re doing everything to make sure talented game developers see their projects at the top of the charts. Submit game Play with us We publish and develop games that are impossible to tear yourself away from Explore our games TOP-1 mobile publisher* *by number of installs 10B+ total installs 275M+ Monthly Active Users Explore our games Publish with us We have everything to make your game a next hit Our Product, Analytics, Marketing and Monetization Teams will help your project evolve and reach the peak of success Submit game Work with us Team up with us Great achievements are born from strong partnerships. Let’s collaborate and push the boundaries of what’s possible, providing an unforgettable experience for players. Offer partnership Media PR B2B Grow with us Get insights and inspiration from expert materials and success stories of our hits. Read blog The challenges of monetization in a deep and original project 16 December 2025 3 min GameDev Using animated banners in Google Play promotional content 26 November 2025 2 min GameDev How we worked on new hybrid mechanics in State Connect years after its release 12 November 2025 4 min GameDev From hypercasual to hybrid: what we broke (and learned) along the way 28 October 2025 4 min GameDev “Sometimes feelings matter more than metrics”: FLEXUS’s unconventional approach to hybrid projects 16 October 2025 8 min Case Studies Get Started About Submit your game Games Blog Branding Write us User Support support@azurgames.com Publishing publishing@azurgames.com Partnership partnership@azurgames.com Job Inquiries job@azurgames.com © AZUR GAMES, 2025 Privacy Policy Terms of use We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. See our Cookie Policy for details. Reject Allow