B2B Marketing - Intelligence, data, events, training Skip to content "> Advertise with Us "> Contact Us Marketing Areas Close Marketing Areas Open Marketing Areas MARKETING AREAS ABM & Demand Generation Brand Channel Partnership Content, Creative & Campaigns Customer Experience Data and Insights Marketing Operations  and Technology (MarTech) People, Teams and Skills Strategy and Evolution ABM & Demand Generation Discover real-world Account Based Marketing (ABM) and Demand Generation insights to help drive your B2B success. Explore our expert-led resources and best practices for targeting high-value accounts, and mastering lead generation and nurturing. "> Learn more Brand Explore frameworks and guides on how to identify, build and manage a successful B2B brand strategy that enhances your market presence and resonates with your target audience. "> Learn more Channel Partnership Learn how B2B channel partnerships work, the role they can play in helping to drive growth and how you can use them to expand your reach and drive sales. "> Learn more Content, Creative & Campaigns Learn how compelling content, innovative creative strategies, and targeted campaigns drive engagement and generate leads. Explore our resources to master the art of crafting impactful messages that resonate with your audience and boost your marketing ROI. "> Learn more Customer Experience Discover importance of customer experience in B2B marketing, its impact on client retention, and best practices for enhancing satisfaction throughout our expert-led guides, models and insights "> Learn more Data and Insights How can data-driven strategies enhance decision-making, customer targeting, and ROI? Discover best practices, trends, and tools for transforming your data, analytics and performance metrics to enhance your marketing strategy. "> Learn more Marketing Operations and Technology (MarTech) Explore our best practices and guides to optimizing your martech stack and how to align your technology, processes and people to drive growth, enhance customer experiences, and maximize ROI. "> Learn more People, Teams and Skills Learn best practices, strategies, and insights to enhance team dynamics, foster talent, and optimize marketing capabilities in your organization. "> Learn more Strategy and Evolution Explore insights and guidance curated especially for senior marketing leaders looking to influence and enhance corporate strategy, as well as drive marketing excellence within their organizations. "> Learn more How to Develop a Scalable 1:Many ABM Strategy "> Download now Five Steps to Building a Brand Business Case "> Download now Laser-focused channel marketing: How tech Vendors and Partners can reap the benefits of a hyper-targeted approach to channel marketing "> Download now The Elevation Awards 2024 Winners Report "> Download now What is customer knowledge sharing and why is it important? "> Download now How to Build a Data Strategy in Four Steps "> Download now Martech Vendor Spotlight Report 2024 for Account-Based Marketing "> Download now 2024 Propolis Community Sprint Report – Commercial Marketer "> Download now Creating a Value-Added Marketing Strategy "> Download now Propolis Events Training Resources Close Resources Open Resources Articles Case Studies Reports & Models Podcasts Videos Webinars About Us Powering The Global B2B  Marketing Community. B2B Marketing delivers expert-led marketing intelligence, events, training and resources to help you realize your potential as a marketer and maximize business growth and performance. ABM & Demand Generation ABM & Demand Generation Brand Brand download-svg Channel Partnership Channel Partnership Content, Creative & Campaigns Content, Creative & Campaigns Customer Experience Customer Experience Data Insights Data Insights download-5-1-svg Marketing Operations and Technology Marketing Operations and Technology People, Teams & Skills People, Teams & Skills download-8-svg Strategy and Evolution Strategy and Evolution EXPLORE B2B MARKETING How can we help you today? Trending Reports, Benchmarks, and Models "> See all The 2026 B2B Marketing Forecast Budgets are shrinking. ROI expectations are rising. Marketing leaders cannot afford guesswork in 2026. "> Download now How To Be More Analytical In Your Organization (And Win Business) Welcome to the second edition of our Commercial Marketer Skill Series in association with FunnelFuel, where we explore the capabilities marketing leaders need to develop in order to become true commercial marketers. In this instalment, "> Download now B2B Marketing Awards Winners Report 2025: Blueprint for Commercial Success The B2B Marketing Awards Winners Report 2025 is the definitive showcase of the most effective, commercially impactful and creatively advanced B2B marketing of the past year. It reveals how the industry’s top-performing teams are redefining "> Download now How to tell if you’re a left-brain or right-brain marketer Knowing if you favour left-brain or right-brain thinking can help you understand your strengths as a B2B marketer. "> Download now Close the Creative Ambition Gap both teams are doomed Unlock the research and framework every B2B marketer needs to turn bold ideas into commercial impact. "> Download now Martech Vendor Spotlight Report: ABM Technology 2025 Check out B2B Marketing’s 3rd ABM martech report, featuring 50+ in-depth vendor profiles, an ABM ecosystem and commentary on what’s to come in the industry. "> Download now Top Commercially Successful B2B Campaigns on Awards Shortlist The B2B Marketing Awards 2025 are just around the corner. The increasingly relevant Most Commercially Successful Campaign category highlights programs that deliver measurable business impact. These campaigns go beyond creative ideas: they turn insight, strategy "> Download now How To Master Market Insights Welcome to our first Commercial Marketer Skill Series report, where we focus on the skillsets marketing leaders need to develop in order to become a commercial marketer. And the theme for this edition? Market insights. "> Download now Leads That Convert: Why AI Demands a Smarter Marketing Infrastructure Find out why data, alignment, and AI readiness are the new cornerstones of B2B growth in this B2B Marketing report in collaboration with Convertr. "> Download now If your CRM is a battle ground for sales versus marketing, bothteams are doomed. Is your CRM driving growth — or driving your teams apart? Too often, sales and marketing treat the CRM as a battleground, each fighting for control while opportunities slip through the cracks. But when both "> Download now Drive Business Growth with the B2B Marketing Impact Report B2B marketing is evolving faster than ever. Economic uncertainty, longer buying cycles and rising expectations from the C-suite are pushing marketing leaders to prove their value in terms that matter most: revenue, growth, and measurable "> Download now Realize Your Potential: Your Guide to Becoming a Commercial Marketer In today’s fast-changing B2B landscape, marketers are expected to do more than deliver campaigns. They need to drive business growth, influence decisions at the top table, and prove their impact. That’s where the commercial marketer "> Download now The Propolis Quarterly Index Report | Q4 2025 The Propolis Index Report reveals why marketers are busier than ever, where budgets are going, and the urgent warning signs every B2B leader needs to know. "> Download now The Global ABM Conference 2025 Delegate Brochure The Global ABM Conference 2025 delegate brochure is packed with all the information you'll need ahead of booking your ticket. "> Download now How to Win with Small Businesses | The LinkedIn Playbook Top tips and insights for engaging the businesses driving the global economy. "> Download now Trending Podcasts "> See all Inside award-winning B2B campaigns and what they mean for marketing in 2026 In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast, David Rowlands spoke with Paul Collier, CMO, FunnelFuel; Chris Omotosho, Managing Director, UK, Gravity Global; Nick Watmough, Executive Creative Director, The Croc; and Jon Buckthorp, Commercial "> Listen now How to create high-performing teams and resource networks, with HelloKindred In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast in association with HelloKindred, Kavita Singh is joined by Roland Glass, Chief Commercial Officer, HelloKindred as well as Sarah Thomas, the Group Chief Marketing Officer, EVP, "> Listen now Vanessa Schotes, CMO, Enfuce, shares her philosophy for being a commercial marketer In this episode of The B2B Marketing Podcast, David Rowlands, Head of Product, B2B Marketing caught up with Vanessa Schotes, CMO, Enfuce. "> Listen now Fast, simple, trusted: What’s driving modern B2B buying decisions In this episode of The B2B Marketing Podcast, David Rowlands sits down with Tom Setter, Strategy Partner at Dentsu B2B, to unpack the latest Superpowers Index, Dentsu B2B’s global study of over 16,000 B2B buyers "> Listen now Stop shouting: Why your demand fails without a braver story In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast in association with Brands2Life, Kavita Singh, Head of Growth Solutions Content spoke with Tim Corcoran, Managing Director, Marketing & Creative Services, Brands2Life and Sally Jacobs, Senior "> Listen now Inside belief, thought theatre and content dysmorphia, with Differentiated In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast in association with Differentiated, we are joined by Jon Buckthorp, Commercial Director, Differentiated to discuss the agency's latest report: Art & Science: Exploring new horizons built "> Listen now Everything you need to know about strategy planning in 2026 In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast in association with Revere, we dive into the essentials for strategic and financial planning as we head into 2026. "> Listen now The sweet sound of success in audio branding, with Neil Montgomery Did you know that 95% of brands lack a solid sound identity? If you’ve never given much thought around audio branding, then this podcast episode is a must-listen for B2B marketers. "> Listen now A look inside the 2025 B2B Marketing Awards shortlist We’ve just announced our B2B Marketing Awards Shortlist, and we are joined by FunnelFuel, Differentiated, Gravity Global and The Croc to break down some of the juicy details behind this year’s theme and campaigns. "> Listen now Why B2B strategy needs a little magick: Escaping the data trap, with Lesniak Swann In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast, Kavita Singh spoke to Matt Hicks, Strategy Director, Lesniak Swann to describe the data trap that marketers often fall into when creating campaigns. "> Listen now Want to integrate AI into your business strategy? We spoke to Jake Bird to find out how In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast, David Rowlands, Head of Product, B2B Marketing spoke with Jake Bird, Director, JI Marketing to discuss the importance of AI readiness and strategy. "> Listen now Exploring creativity, data and the new rules of engagement, with Omne In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast, Kavita Singh, Head of Growth Solutions Content, B2B Marketing, spoke with Omne about the evolution of brand into a data growth engine. "> Listen now How to make your rebrand stand out in a sea of sameness, with Jada Balster In this week’s episode, David Rowlands, Head of Product, B2B Marketing spoke with Jada Balster, VP Global Marketing, TravelPerk to discuss all things rebranding. "> Listen now How to get on the B2B buyer’s shortlist before the buying even begins Oftentimes, B2B buyers have a list of vendors in mind before they’ve even started the purchase process. So how can brands make sure they’re on that list and increase their chances of winning the deal? "> Listen now From startups to CMO: Inside Scott Leatherman’s journey with sales, the CRO and AI In this week’s episode of the B2B Marketing Podcast, David Rowlands, Head of Product, B2B Marketing, sits down with Scott Leatherman, the newly appointed CMO of Aviatrix, to explore his career journey and unpack some "> Listen now B2B strategies. B2B skills. B2B growth. Propolis helps B2B marketers confidently build the right strategies and skills to drive growth and prove their impact. "> Learn more Trending Case Studies "> See all Rooster Punk’s Award-Winning Campaign Redefines SME Banking Discover how bold creativity and strategic storytelling transformed Allica Bank’s brand in the award-winning “Get Your Money Hat On” campaign. This exclusive case study reveals how Rooster Punk helped the fintech challenger bank break through "> Download now How to create a purpose-led marketing campaign: Leading with emotion and creating a meaningful message It’s no secret that the hospitality industry suffered during Covid-19. With the sector taking a huge hit, B2B marketing agency, Omne, teamed up with McCain Foods to deliver an exceptional street food focused campaign. In fact, Omne scooped "> Download now How to execute a world-class channel marketing initiative: Lessons from an award-winning campaign Every year, the B2B Marketing Awards see some brilliant campaigns take home the win, and one of the most competitive categories? ‘Best channel marketing initiative’. In 2023, Revere scooped up the Gold for its holistic "> Download now Inside an award-winning global agency Every year, the B2B Marketing Awards showcase the best of the best in the industry. And as the B2B world evolves, so do the awards. Last year, new categories were introduced to emulate the ever-changing "> Download now Inside an award-winning diversity campaign that aimed to champion change According to our Propolis Community Index, marketing leaders are spending 48% more on branding activities compared to last year. So it comes as no surprise that at our 2023 B2B Marketing Awards, we saw some incredible "> Download now Winning Gold: Sharper’s B2B Lead Gen Campaign for Proact & NetApp Sharper won Gold at the B2B Marketing Awards for their work with Proact and NetApp in the IT solutions space. In this case study, you’ll learn the secrets behind how Sharper to find out how "> Download now Winning Gold: Quarry & ZS Associates Case Study This case study looks at how Quarry won two golds at the Elevation Awards for their work with ZS Associates. Learn how they achieved success and how you can too. Shift happens. The past few "> Download now Quarry’s ABM Customer Engagement Case Study Winning Gold Quarry’s ABM customer engagement case study: Learn how Winning Gold Quarry used ABM to increase customer engagement and drive ROI. Read the case study to find out more. "> Download now How Brookfield Properties won Gold for ‘Best use of social media or influencer marketing’ In today’s pervasive social environment, over 3.2 billion daily users turn to social media to fulfil both personal and business needs. Social media has become a method of selling just as much as it’s a "> Download now Learn how Publicis Sapient won out for ‘Best brand initiative’ Find out how Publicis Sapient saw a 174% increase in brand name search and 722% increase in mentions. About the client company Publicis Sapient (PS) is a digital transformation partner helping established organizations get to "> Download now How Nelson Schmidt won Gold for ‘Best multichannel campaign’ for its work in Wisconsin Like most states, Covid-19 struck Wisconsin fast and fiercely. At no other time in history had our personal health and the health of our economy been more intertwined. The only way to get through this "> Download now Find out how Gravity Global nabbed multiple awards this year at our Elevation Awards Find out how Gravity Global won for ‘Best product launch campaign’, ‘Best customer engagement initiative’, Best use of digital techniques or technologies, ‘Best use of creative’ and ‘Best use of content marketing’. About the client "> Download now Find out how Nelson Schmidt won the award for ‘Best SME-targeted campaign’ In just two weeks, Nelson Schmidt planned and built Focus Forward, the go-to COVID-19 relief hub for Wisconsin business owners. Learn how Nelson Schmidt helped to make it happen. About the client company The Wisconsin "> Download now Find out how Agent3 nabbed the award for ‘Best use of account-based marketing’ Find out how Agent3 created an ABM campaign that influenced significant pipeline and exceeded all expectations. About the client Splunk had historically faced a tough battle dislodging an incumbent competitor in the cloud monitoring and "> Download now Find out how Shaped By was able to nab the award for ‘Best corporate decision-maker-targeted campaign’ Learn how CXO Focus fast became the cornerstone of Nutanix’s marketing activity through its exceptional campaign. About the client company Founded as a tech start-up in 2009, San Jose-based Nutanix is now a global leader "> Download now Trending Webinars "> See all Making Markets Feel: Creating Enduring Demand in Financial Services Want to see powerful storytelling in action? "> Watch webinar Building Data-Driven Skills to Excel as a Commercial Marketer One of the most important of these skills is analytical thinking: the ability to interpret data and make commercially minded decisions. "> Watch webinar Inside the Evolving B2B Buyer: Why B2B Marketers Must Stop Chasing Conversions and Start Building Trust B2B buyers don’t follow funnels anymore, they make decisions long before talking to sales. Join us to learn why trust and brand credibility matter more than conversions, and how to reach the silent majority of "> Watch webinar Mastering Insight Skills for Commercial Growth Insight is more than just data. You need to have a deep understanding of your target market while analyzing customer strategies in order to understand and inform your own strategy. "> Watch webinar From Insight to Impact: The Commercial Marketer’s GTM Playbook In today’s B2B landscape, growth isn’t just about launching campaigns — it’s about building a commercially-driven Go-to-Market strategy that delivers real business impact. In this exclusive webinar, B2B Marketing and The Think Tank reveal key "> Watch webinar Your Track(ing) To Success: Mastering Analytics In Digital Advertising In today’s performance-driven digital landscape, knowing what’s working—and why—is essential. In this webinar with FunnelFuel, we explore how to harness predictive analytics, unify data with customer data platforms, and identify the content and contexts that "> Watch webinar A CMO Briefing: Serving the Self-Educating Buyer—AI Content, Real-Time Pipeline Insight Learn how to meet today’s B2B buyers on their terms with AI-driven content, smarter buyer data, and tighter sales alignment—without overhauling GTM. "> Watch webinar Late to the Buying Party? Winning Strategies for the Self-Serve Buying Era Discover how B2B buyers navigate a self-directed, non-linear journey—often without ever engaging with a vendor. "> Watch webinar Top 5 Tips For Executing Your Digital Advertising Campaign Delivering high-impact digital ads in B2B is more challenging than ever. With third-party cookies fading, brands must invest in first-party data, leverage contextual targeting, and build data ecosystems. In this webinar with Funnel Fuel, we’ll "> Watch webinar Why Defining and Activating Your Go-to-Market Strategy Is a Must in 2025 Discover the true meaning of GTM strategy in our B2B Marketing webinar with The Think Tank. "> Watch webinar Beyond MQLs: Unlocking Revenue Growth by Embracing Buying Groups Rethink B2B Sales: Why Buying Groups Drive Revenue Growth "> Watch webinar Hitting The Bullseye: How To Aim For Precision in Digital Advertising’s New Landscape Mastering B2B Digital Advertising: Precision Targeting in a Changing Landscape "> Watch webinar Revealed! The creative trends driving the future of B2B Our exclusive deep-dive on the B2B Marketing Awards 2024 entries. "> Watch webinar Leading from the frontlines: Marketing-driven commercial growth in the age of B2B transformation Leading from the frontlines: Marketing-driven commercial growth in the age of B2B transformation Leading from the frontlines: Marketing-driven commercial growth in the age of B2B transformation Leading from the frontlines: Marketing-driven commercial growth in the "> Watch webinar AI Tips & Tricks to Supercharge Your ABM Journey Speakers: Joanna Moss, Marketing Director and Top Accounts & ABM, Salesforce Bev Burgess, Co-founder and Chief Executive, Inflexion Group Rhiannon Blackwell, ABM Leader, Global Marketing at PwC Dorothea Gosling, Executive Consultant, Inflexion Group About this "> Watch webinar Trending Videos "> See all The Global ABM Conference 2024 On-Demand | From Sandbox to Success: Scaling ABM at a 148 year old industrial giant Join Ryan Almond, Global ABX Director at Henkel Adhesives, for an exciting exploration into their journey from ABM newbies to ABM pros. "> Watch now The Global ABM Conference 2024 On-Demand | ABM on a shoestring: Maximising the impact of your small budget campaign with LinkedIn Learn how to get creative and think strategically to fuel ABM efforts, even when resource is light. "> Watch now Leading Like a Commercial Marketer | Ignite 2025 This isn’t theory. It’s how top B2B marketers are already changing the game and what you can learn from them. Watch the part 1 below. "> Watch now The Global ABM Conference 2024 On-Demand | Mascot mayhem to marketing magic: What happens when you get creative with AI and ABM? Learn how a brave mindset and timely decision-making can amplify the impact of a campaign and seize unique moments in the market. "> Watch now Webinar On-Demand | How to Win a B2B Marketing Award Hear first-hand what our judges expect to see in a submission worthy of winning! "> Watch now Fireside chat | F is for friend (not foe!): how to partner with your CFO on a value-creation plan Learn how to speak the same language as your CFO, take more control over your value-creation plan, and build influence over your budgets. "> Watch now Panel | No small chairs at the top table: how to make marketing indispensable to the board Explore how marketers can build trust and influence at the top table and enhance marketing’s strategic and commercial impact. "> Watch now B2B Ignite 2024 On-Demand: Measuring what Matters: The Secret to Tracking Brand Success Discover effective methodologies for measuring the impact and success of your marketing efforts, ensuring both short-term gains and long-term growth. "> Watch now B2B Ignite 2024 On-Demand: AI in Action! Explore practical examples of AI-driven strategies that go beyond promises to deliver real value. "> Watch now B2B Ignite 2024 On-Demand: Cutting Through the Fluff – With Marketing Innovation Hear about YOU and your amazing power as a marketer. "> Watch now Learn How ABM Can Help You Align Sales and Marketing Set the sales and marketing silos to one side. ABM can help you get your teams singing off the same hymn sheet. "> Watch now Rethinking Channel Partner Marketing Learn why 2024 is the time for marketers to rethink channel partner marketing. "> Watch now Gursaran Marjara, Non Executive Director and former CMO, The Access Group Watch as Gursaran Marjara, Non-Executive Director and former CMO for The Access Group, discusses the importance of customer experience and M&As as a marketing professional. "> Watch now How to Become a Commercial Marketer Learn how to transform into a commercial marketer and effectively showcase your contributions to revenue. This on-demand session provides strategies and insights to help you prove your value to your leadership team and secure their "> Watch now Becoming a Convincing Commercial Brand Marketer Learn the principals on how to sway the C-suite to invest in your brand. "> Watch now Trending Events "> See all Elevation Awards Winners Report Release: July 2025 The Elevation Awards recognize, celebrate and promote the very best B2B marketing in the US. They spotlight individuals and teams who are setting new benchmarks, pushing boundaries, and demonstrating that B2B marketing can be just "> Explore the event European ABM Forum 26 March 2026 I Amsterdam The European ABM Forum will explore how leading companies are turning complexity into clarity, and pressure into opportunity, with account-based strategies that deliver growth no matter the market conditions. "> Book Your Super Early Pass B2B Ignite July 2026 I London, UK With exclusive research, no-holds-barred case studies, 70+ speakers, and hands-on workshops, at B2B Ignite you’ll find practical B2B marketing advice that will give you the clarity to act. "> Explore the event The Global ABM Conference 5 November 2025 I London, UK Be in the room with 500+ of the world’s leading account-based marketers, from companies of every size. Hearing no-holds-barred case studies; learning what worked, and what didn’t. "> Explore the event Trending Articles "> See all Table Stakes: Why Your Competitors are Already Winning with Account-Based Qualification In our industry, becoming the commercial marketer – someone who thinks about business and revenue goals over marketing goals – is crucial to success. And at B2B Marketing, we believe that there are six skills "> Read more How AI-Enabled Marketers Are Shaping Tomorrow As artificial intelligence (AI) transforms B2B marketing, organisations are faced with a crucial question: what does the marketing team of the future look like? Pete Mikeal, VP of Marketing for North America, Globant, and Jarmila "> Read more 5 B2B Marketing Predictions for 2026: What We’re Seeing in APAC At B2B Marketing, we believe that becoming a commercial marketer is imperative to ROI success. Which is why we have outlined six essential skills to truly embrace the ‘commercial marketer mindset’ – someone who thinks "> Read more From Couch to 5K: A CMO’s Guide to Moving Beyond MQLs At B2B Marketing, we believe that becoming the commercial marketer is imperative to success. Rather than thinking about isolated marketing metrics and campaigns, commercial marketers think about the wider business objectives first. And this is "> Read more The MQL Industrial Complex is Broken – Here’s What’s Replacing It At B2B Marketing, we believe that the key to influencing your C-suite and proving marketing ROI is to become the commercial marketer. Rather than thinking about isolated marketing metrics and campaigns, commercial marketers think about "> Read more Beyond Clicks: How GEO is Transforming B2B Marketing Clarity has long been important in B2B marketing, and in the era of Generative Engine Optimisation (GEO), it has become one of the most consistently recommended ways to strengthen content performance. As AI-driven marketing platforms "> Read more The Impact of AI on Marketing Strategies, Your B2B Website and Beyond: Inside Our B2B Marketing Roundtable It cannot be stressed enough – AI has fundamentally changed the way marketing teams operate. From content generation to SEO and complex buying journeys, the possibilities for AI to enhance your overall business strategy are "> Read more The Agile Director of Marketing: Decision-Making in Fast-Moving Markets At B2B Marketing, we know that becoming the commercial marketer is more essential than ever – aka driving ROI and proving marketing’s impact to the board. With that being said, there are six essential skills "> Read more JPC Launches Its New Competitive Edge Brand London-based consultancy and agency, JPC has launched its new Competitive Edge brand transforming themselves from marketing and sales agency to a fully integrated growth partner. Boasting more than 26 years of experience, the agency’s new "> Read more Global ABM Conference 2025 Highlights The Global ABM Conference opened with a warm welcome from our B2B Marketing CEO, Richard O’Connor, who reminded delegates that ABM is now a driving force of commercial growth and business transformation. His remarks set "> Read more The Phoenix Rises from the ABM Ashes – Resurrecting the EMEA Partner Pipeline A world-leading technology vendor faced a critical bottleneck in their EMEA expansion. Their account-based marketing (ABM) list – previously built from a combination of internal efforts and other suppliers – was now entirely exhausted, leaving "> Read more Rethinking Buying Groups: Why B2B Marketers Are Standing On The Lip Of A Waterfall (And Risk Being Washed Away) At B2B Marketing, we believe that the key to enhancing marketing’s strategic and commercial impact is to become the commercial marketer. And to achieve this, you need to master six essential skills. In this blog, "> Read more Turn AI Governance Into a Growth Advantage If you’re not yet familiar with the fundamentals of the EU AI Act and how it builds on the foundation of GDPR, particularly in areas such as transparency, vendor due diligence and data profiling, you’re "> Read more How to Build Future-Fit Teams and Where to Start How can CMOs build future-fit teams that address the challenges of an uncertain and volatile business environment? This was the topic of conversation during my recent panel with leading CMOs Sarah Thomas and Toni Allen "> Read more B2B is Doubling Down on Creative B2B Marketing Awards 2025 entries reveal a sharp rise in brand-led, high-impact creative work. Entries to the ‘Best use of creative’ category show the biggest year-on-year jump, with budget allocation data showing a reallocation from "> Read more The number one go-to-resource for B2B marketers across the globe Instagram Facebook Soundcloud X-twitter Linkedin B2B Marketing Areas Marketing Areas Reports, Benchmarks And Models B2B Podcasts B2B Videos Marketing Areas Reports, Benchmarks And Models B2B Podcasts B2B Videos Propolis About Propolis Propolis Community Index Expertise Professional Development Propolis Membership Take A Tour Of Propolis About Propolis Propolis Community Index Expertise Professional Development Propolis Membership Take A Tour Of Propolis Events And Awards B2B Ignite The Global ABM Conference The European ABM Forum B2B Marketing Awards US Elevation Awards Attend our events B2B Ignite The Global ABM Conference The European ABM Forum B2B Marketing Awards US Elevation Awards Attend our events Training ABM Essentials B2B Content Marketing B2B Copywriting B2B Storytelling Data Marketing Essentials Book a training course ABM Essentials B2B Content Marketing B2B Copywriting B2B Storytelling Data Marketing Essentials Book a training course Resources Downloadable B2B guides B2B webinars Become a partner Downloadable B2B guides B2B webinars Become a partner About About B2B Marketing Work with us Contact us About B2B Marketing Work with us Contact us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions ©2025 B2B Marketing, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow to remember you. To find out more, please visit our Privacy Policy . Only essential cookies Accept