Unlimited Web Hosting in Nepal | Babal Host Babal.Host Unlimited Web Hosting in Nepal Search a domain of your choice from रू 399/yr .com रू 1,800 .shop रू 1,750 .xyz रू 399 .org रू 2,000 Unlimited Cloud Hosting Cloud based. Starting at: रू 1,499 /year All plans Top pick WordPress Hosting Wordpress Optimized. Starting at: रू 1,999 /year All plans Python Hosting Built for Python. Starting at: रू 1,999 /year All plans Reseller Hosting Cloud based. Starting at: रू 2,811 /month All plans Node.js Hosting Buit for Node.js. Starting at: रू 1,999 /year All Plans Cloud Server On top of cloud रू 10,310 /month All Plans See What Our Customers Say About Babal.Host We pride ourselves to be called one of the best Web Hosting in Nepal by our customers. Exceptional customer service and great deals on hosting plans. Writing this review after  a full year with Babal host and receiving the best customer service even at odd hours. Also during this period we never had any issue regarding speed or downtime. Anish Poudel These guys are probably the best when it comes to web hosting solutions. I've moved several of my websites over to them and will be moving others soon as well. The price they offer is the best as well. So proud to have found them! Keep up the good works guys... Sagar Ek dam quick system with the best backup solution in the town and other added services. More than anything I was getting paila. Price is the lowest with unlimited resources ...just wow. This is by far the best web hosting provider I came across in Nepal. Bashudev Nepal We are currently running 3 websites in Babal host and we really appreciate their support. They reply any queries just in seconds even in midnight. The speed is also really amazing. I don't think, there is a hosting company who provide such service in such price. Keep it up. Saugat Ghimire The hosting is really great i must say inspite of their low cost they are providing good speed  everything works fine so would like to recommend for everyone. Kushal Joshi One of the fast and secure hosting servers in Nepal. Problem resolving teams are good and adaptive. I love the service they provide. Prabin Rai Cloud Load Balancing We make use of top cloud providers and optimize it to provide the best web hosting platform in Nepal that'll perform best for you. Your web hosting will evolve with you. [1] Users [2] Load Balancing [3] Cloud Servers Why Choose BABAL.host? SLA as standard on all plans - if uptime falls below 99.9% in a certain month, we'll give you a free month of service. 99.9% Uptime Guarantee We do what we say. Free month if we fail. Unlimited SSD & Bandwidth No limit on storage or bandwidth, focus on your website. Money back guarantee Try our web hosting plans risk free with 30-day money back guarantee . Free SSL Certificate Free SSL certificate as standard on all our web hosting plans. Off-site backup All data retained for 30 days with incremental backup. Be worry free. Imunify360 Security Centralized real-time intrusion detection, malware scanning Support 24x7x365 Get expert support whenever you need it. Control Panel Free WHM & cPanel Manage your website effortlessly with cPanel as standard on all web hosting plans. WordPress Optimized All our web hosting plans are optimized for Wordpress. Empower your website with the Best Web Hosting in Nepal: Babal.Host Join the Babal.Host family and experience unmatched Web Hosting in Nepal As a locally owned and operated web hosting company, we understand the unique needs of businesses and individuals in Nepal. That's why we offer a range of hosting plans to suit your needs and budget, including unlimited cloud hosting, WordPress hosting, Python hosting, reseller hosting, Node.js hosting, and dedicated hosting. Our plans come with a 99.9% uptime guarantee, unlimited SSD and bandwidth, a 30-day money back guarantee, a free SSL certificate, email hosting, and more. We also offer Imunify360 security to protect your website from threats and provide centralized real-time intrusion detection and malware scanning. Our support team is available 24x7x365 to assist you with any issues or questions you may have. Plus, we offer domain name registration services in Nepal to help you get your website up and running quickly and easily. Why Choose Babal.Host? Locally owned and operated Makes use of top-rated cloud infrastructure 99.9% uptime guarantee 30-day money back policy Unlimited SSD and bandwidth Reliable and fast servers User-friendly control panel 24/7 customer support Domain name registration services in Nepal Inclusive email hosting To learn more about our hosting plans and features, click here . Live Chat Have a question? Let's discuss. Send Ticket Encountered any issues? Send us a ticket. Knowledge base Check out our knowledge base to get more info on web hosting in Nepal. Blog Check out our recent published blogs to get info on various topics FAQ Read the frequently asked questions and get some info.