Skip to main content
For businesses
Display language:
American English
Log in
Sign up
Which language do you want to learn?
Spanish (Mexico)
Spanish (Spain)
French
German
Italian
More
Over 25 million subscriptions sold!
The effective way to learn a language online
Learn to speak a new language with confidence

With Babbel, you’ll learn practical and useful skills that you can apply right away — so you can reach your goal of having real-life conversations faster.

Start learning
Learn at your own pace

Achieve your goals with course material that’s tailored to your proficiency level, interests, and time commitment. Stay motivated with real-time feedback, progress trackers, and handy visualizations. 

It’s like having a private tutor in your pocket.

Start learning
Develop your language skills with a variety of tools

Sharpen your pronunciation using speech recognition. Build your conversation skills with engaging, interactive dialogues. Get helpful grammar tips while reading, writing, listening, and exploring culture bites.

Start learning
The Proven Babbel Method

Learn a new language, fast. Our award-winning app uses the Babbel Method to help you speak confidently. You can complete quick lessons, practice conversations with an AI partner, listen to podcasts, and more.

Learn Fast. Talk Sooner.

Quickly become conversation-ready with diverse learning tools to suit all learning styles.

Backed by Proven Results

92% of users improved their proficiency level in just 2 months*, with 15m actual subscriptions sold.

Designed by Language Experts

Courses created by 200+ language experts for high-quality learning.

Babbel and beyond

Want to immerse yourself in your new language? Dive into a world of language learning content.

Babbel Videos

Discover the weird and wonderful things that make a language so fascinating.

Watch
Babbel Podcasts

Listen as Babbel experts reveal language secrets and give you an inside look at local culture.

Listen
Babbel Magazine

Explore stories from around the world, get language learning tips and dive deeper into different cultures.

Read
People love Babbel

MIllions of 5-star reviews.**

Celeste | Excellent

Babbel is excellent - short and sweet and effective lessons and great quick review which is key to remembering. I love it! I’m learning Dutch!!

Roslyn | Excellent

Babbel has helped me to get a good grasp of the language in a fun and challenging way. I enjoy the dialogues and scenarios, which include helpful phrases that can be used in various situations.

Andrew | Excellent

Almost like real immersion. Practical dialogues that will be useful when I’ll have conversations in Italian.

Pat | Excellent

Great way to learn a language. Fun, interactive, and engaging. I am enjoying the course immensely and would recommend it to anyone who wishes to learn a second language

Helen | Excellent

I love this bite-sized, very clever language learning design. Genius!

Frequently Asked Questions
What is Babbel, and how does it work?
What languages can I learn with Babbel?
What levels are available?
Can I try Babbel for free?
What are the benefits of using Babbel?
What are the subscription options?
What payment methods does Babbel accept?
Join millions of Babbel learners breaking the language barrier every day
Spanish (Mexico)
Spanish (Spain)
French
German
Italian
More

*Vesselinov, R. and Grego, J. The Babbel Efficacy Study. New York 2016.
**Interviews conducted in USA


Courses

Spanish
French
German
Italian
Portuguese
Russian
Danish
Dutch
Indonesian
Norwegian
Polish
Swedish
Turkish

More Babbel

Babbel Magazine
Babbel Podcasts
Tech Blog
Inside Babbel
Babbel for Business
Affiliate Program (USA)
Affiliate Program (Europe)
Babbel as a Gift
Refer a Friend
Student Discount
Military Discount
Healthcare Workers Discount
Educators Discount

Company

About Us
The Babbel App
Prices
Press
Careers
Help / FAQ
Customer Service
Accessibility Compliance
Mobile Terms
Babbel vs. Other Language Apps
© 2025 Babbel GmbH
·
Imprint
·
Terms & Conditions
·
Privacy Statement
·
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

Enjoy a More Personalized Experience
We and our third party vendors use cookies and similar technologies and process your personal data to personalize the content and ads you see, provide social media features, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and to help us measure the effectiveness of ads and web searches. By clicking “Accept all”, you consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies and the processing of your personal data. Necessary cookies and similar technologies help to make our website usable by enabling basic functions such as remembering if you have logged into your account on prior visit. To change your privacy settings and consents, make individual choices about cookies and get details on the cookies in use, click “Manage Settings” or go to the “Privacy Statement” link in the footer of any page.Privacy Statement
Accept all
Manage settings