Learn Forex Trading With Babypips.com Babypips Analysis Premium News Trading Learn Forex Forex Glossary Forexpedia The original forex trading glossary From basic trading terms to trading jargon, you can find the explanation for a long list of trading terms here. Go to Forexpedia Trading Quizzes Test Your Knowledge Challenge yourself with our quizzes! Find out just how much you've learned by taking any of our 50+ trading quizzes. You can even see how your scores compare to others! View Quiz Library How to Trade Forex The School of Pipsology New to forex? Learn how to trade forex in a fun and easy-to-understand format. Track your progress and learn at your own pace. Start Learning Learn Crypto Crypto Guides Crypto Guides Learn about bitcoin and altcoins. In our crypto guides, we explore bitcoin and other popular coins and tokens to help you better navigate the crypto jungle. Explore Crypto Glossary Decryptopedia™ The ultimate cryptocurrency glossary Decryptopedia™ helps you decipher crypto jargon back into plain English. Learn the terms that you’ll come across on your crypto journey. Learn New Lingo Crypto Quizzes Crypto Quizzes Test your crypto knowledge Find out just how much you’ve learned in our School of Crypto by taking our crypto quizzes. How will you score against other quiz takers? Test Yourself Crypto School School of Crypto New to crypto? Learn about crypto in a fun and easy-to-understand format. Track your progress and learn at your own pace. Start Learning Forums Calendar Tools Currency Correlation Currency Correlation How do different currency pairs move in relation to each other? Our Currency Correlation Calculator helps you identify the strength of relationships between currency pairs. Give it a try! Forex Market Hours Market Hours Visualizer Easily visualize forex market hours Instantly find out whether the forex market is open or what the current trading session is based on your local timezone. Give it a try! Risk-On Risk-Off Meter Risk-On Risk-Off Meter To risk, or not to risk? Our Risk-On/Off Meter helps you gauge risk sentiment of the market & make trades best suitable to the current market conditions. Give it a try! Pivot Point Calculator Pivot Point Calculator Quickly identify support and resistance levels Determine significant support and resistance levels with the help of pivot points. Give it a try! Gain & Loss Calculator Gain & Loss Calculator What's your percentage gain... or loss? Our gain and loss percentage calculator quickly tells you the percentage of your account balance that you have won or lost. Give it a try! Pip Value Calculator Pip Value Calculator How much is each pip worth? Determine the value per pip in your trading account's currency so you can better manage your risk per trade. Give it a try! Position Size Calculator Position Size Calculator Practice proper position sizing Find the approximate amount of currency units to buy or sell so you can control your maximum risk per position. Give it a try! MarketMilk™ Sign In | Join View Menu Sign In / Join Home MarketMilk™ Currency Strength Meter Currency Volatility Meter FX Market Snapshot Top Gainers and Losers Crypto Market Snapshot Crypto Strength Meter Analysis Premium News Trading Trade Ideas Technical Analysis Psychology Trading Systems Crypto Learn Forex How to Trade Forex Forex Glossary Trading Quizzes Learn Crypto Crypto School Crypto Glossary Crypto Quizzes Crypto Guides Forums Beginner Questions Trading Systems Calendar Economic Calendar Tools Currency Correlation Forex Market Hours Risk-On Risk-Off Meter Pivot Point Calculator Gain & Loss Calculator Pip Value Calculator Position Size Calculator Regulatory Organizations HOLIDAY DEAL! Unlock exclusive content with Babypips Premium! Get 10% OFF with code: HOLIDAY2025 at checkout! Babypips Premium Stay one step ahead with our exclusive content that will help prepare you for the upcoming trading week with less effort! See What’s Included! New to crypto? If you’re new to cryptocurrencies, our online crypto course introduces beginners to the crypto market. Start Learning New to forex? Learn how to trade forex with our School of Pipsology. It is the complete beginner's guide to forex trading. Start Learning Technical Analysis TA Alert of the Day: Bearish MACD Crossover on EUR/USD about 1 hour ago by Pippo EUR/USD flashes a bearish MACD warning as momentum cracks below 1.18 resistance. Is this a timely setup to short the pair? Technical Analysis Chart Art: Amazon Consolidates Above Key Moving Averages. Ready for Breakout or Breakdown? about 12 hours ago by Pippo AMZN chart screams volatility ahead. Tight moving average cluster meets neutral momentum. Breakout or breakdown imminent? Technical Analysis 4 Simple Ways to Reduce Your Trading-Related Stress about 14 hours ago Technical Analysis TA Alert of the Day: NZD/USD 20 SMA Crosses Above 100 SMA 1 day ago News Silver Market Buzz: China’s Export Restrictions Take Center Stage 1 day ago Psychology How to Set Trading Goals for 2026: A Beginner’s Guide 1 day ago Technical Analysis Chart Art: Tesla Tests Key Moving Average Support. Will $468 Hold or Break? 1 day ago Analysis Gold 2026 Outlook: Three Scenarios for the Year Ahead 4 days ago Premium Technical Analysis Chart Art: AMD Below 50-Day SMA as Bears Test Critical Support Zone! 4 days ago Psychology 4 Red Flags To Watch Out For When You’re on a Winning Streak 5 days ago Technical Analysis Chart Art: ETH Struggles Below Key Moving Averages as $3,000 Proves Stubborn! 5 days ago Technical Analysis TA Alert of the Day: GBP/JPY’s MACD Histogram Bullish Momentum Weakens 6 days ago Psychology 4 Quick Steps to Wrap Up Your 2025 Trading Year 7 days ago Technical Analysis TA Alert of the Day: NZD/JPY Breaches Upper Bollinger Band! 7 days ago Meet MarketMilk™ Designed for new and developing traders, MarketMilk™ is a visual technical analysis tool that simplifies the process of analyzing market data to help forex and crypto traders make better trading decisions. Forex Market Crypto Market Explore MarketMilk™ Forex Market Snapshot A visual overview of what's happening in the forex market today. Crypto Market Snapshot A visual overview of what's happening in the crypto market today. Currency Strength Identify which currencies are strong and which currencies are weak. Cryptocurrency Strength Identify which cryptocurrencies are strong and which are weak. Currency Volatility Monitor the volatility of all 8 major currencies in the forex market. Cryptocurrency Volatility Monitor the volatility of major cryptocurrencies. Top Forex Market Movers See which currency pairs have gone up or down significantly today. Top Crypto Market Movers See which crypto pairs have gone up or down significantly today. Currency Heat Map A visual tool showing price action of major currencies across multiple timeframes. Crypto Heat Map A visual tool showing price action of cryptos across multiple timeframes. Explore MarketMilk™ Forex Market Hours Tool When are the best times to trade forex? View them in your own local time zone! Give it a try! Economic Calendar Stay on top of market news and events! View our calendar! Recent Forum Activity Discuss your market views with other traders MartialChartsFX - Thoughts, Charts, and Journey Journal Last post by MartialChartsFX 7,311 Views / 70 Replies Simple Trading strategy Last post by mmforexinfo in Trading Systems 54 Views / 4 Replies How do you trade daily — using mobile or desktop? Last post by Galmaran 619 Views / 31 Replies My trading journal with FXOpen Last post by Ifx78 105,093 Views / 1,012 Replies 2026 Bitcoin Outlook: A Mixed Outlook Augurs for Shorter-Term Trades New thread by CityIndex 12 Views / 0 Replies Diversification is the Key Last post by MattyMoney in Trading Discussion 182 Views / 15 Replies USD into 2026: Gold, EUR/USD, USD/JPY New thread by FOREX.com 12 Views / 0 Replies Is XM really a "SCAM"? Last post by Grorgerlag 11,977 Views / 11 Replies Chart Patterns Don't Work? Last post by AryaStarky 858 Views / 30 Replies How to stay off screen Last post by tommor 312 Views / 22 Replies Visit The Forums 12/31 News Calendar Today's important economic data releases All Day French New Year's Eve Dec 31,  1:30 AM UTC Chinese NBS Manufacturing PMI Dec 31,  1:30 AM UTC Chinese NBS Non Manufacturing PMI Dec 31,  1:45 AM UTC Chinese RatingDog Manufacturing PMI Dec 31, 12:00 PM UTC MBA 30-Year Mortgage Rate See All News Events Featured Lessons How Risk Differentials Affect Currency Values Learn why currency values are driven not only by interest rate differentials, but also by risk differentials. Forex Trading Sessions Just because the forex market is open 24 hours a day doesn’t mean it’s always active!  See how the forex market is broken up into four major trading sessions and which ones provides the most opportunities. Psychological Levels Learn about these “invisible lines” that can act as support or resistance levels because so many traders are watching them. How to Use Bollinger Bands What better way to start building up your trading toolbox than by reading up on Bollinger Bands! What is Heikin Ashi? Learn what Heikin Ashi is and how this trendy candlestick chart can help traders who like their prices smooth. The 5 Deadly O’s of Trading: What Traders Do To Guarantee Their Own Failure The 5 O’s of trading are fatal for traders. Your success depends on avoiding these mistakes. Learn what they are before it’s too late and you end up blowing your account! The Dollar Smile Theory Have you ever wondered why the dollar rallies in the good times and in the bad? Smile! You’re about to find out why. How Do Forex Brokers Work? How do forex brokers work? Here’s a story that helps explain what forex brokers actually do. What is Forex? Learn about this massively huge financial market where fiat currencies are traded. How to Make Money Trading Forex What is forex trading? How does forex trading work? What you need to know on how to get started in trading forex. What is Technical Analysis? Technical analysis is the framework in which traders study price movement. What Are Moving Averages? A moving average is simply a way to smooth out price action over time. Here’s what it looks like. How to Use Fibonacci Retracements The first thing you should know about the Fibonacci retracement tool is that it works best when the market is trending. Don't be disquieted in time of adversity. Be firm with dignity and self-reliant with vigor. Chiang  Kai-Shek Best MT4 Broker with lowest cost Follow 6k+ Pro Traders with CopyTrader FREE Trading Signals 50% Cashback Bonus New Exclusive Access to PRO Trader tools TRADE NOW Learn Forex How to Trade Forex Forex Quizzes Forex Forums Forex Glossary Forex Margin 101 Technical Analysis 101 Risk Management 101 Prop Trading Firms 101 Forex Tools MarketMilk™ Currency Correlation Calculator Economic Calendar Risk-On / Risk-Off Meter Position Size Calculator "Back to Breakeven" Calculator Pip Value Calculator Pivot Point Calculator Company About Contact Advertise Newsletter Testimonials FAQ Subscribe Babypips Facebook Instagram Twitter Babypips helps new traders learn about the forex and crypto markets without falling asleep. We introduce people to the world of trading currencies, both fiat and crypto, through our non-drowsy educational content and tools. We're also a community of traders that support each other on our daily trading journey. Copyright © 2025 Babypips.com LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Risk Disclosure Terms of Use Privacy Manager