BabyCentre UK | The Most Accurate & Trustworthy Pregnancy & Parenting Information 
 | BabyCentre Community Find your birth club Free antenatal classes Meet local parents & parents-to-be See all in Community Getting pregnant Ovulation calculator Am I pregnant quiz How to get pregnant fast Best sex positions Signs of pregnancy How many days after your period can you get pregnant? How age affects fertility Very early signs of pregnancy What fertile cervical mucus looks like Think you're pregnant but the test is negative? Faint line on pregnancy test See all in Getting pregnant Pregnancy Pregnancy week by week How big is my baby? Due Date Calculator Conception Date Calculator Baby movements week by week Symptoms you should never ignore Hospital bag checklist Signs of labour Your baby's position in the womb Baby gender predictor Vaginal spotting NT scan Fetal development chart See all in Pregnancy Baby names Baby names finder Baby name inspiration Popular baby names 2025 Numerology calculator Gender-neutral names Old-fashioned names See all in Baby names Baby Your baby week by week Baby milestones by month Baby rash types Baby poop chart Ways to soothe a crying baby Safe co-sleeping Teething signs Growth spurts See all in Baby Toddler Your toddler month by month Toddler development milestones Dealing with tantrums Toddler meals Food & fussy eating When to start potty training Moving from a cot to a bed Help your child sleep through Games & activities Vomiting: what's normal? See all in Toddler Preschooler Your child month by month Food ideas & nutrition How kids learn to share Coping with aggression Bedtime battles Anxiety in children Dealing with public tantrums Great play ideas Is your child ready for school?Top tips for starting school See all in Preschooler Life as a parent Postnatal symptoms to watch out for Stitches after birth Postpartum blood clots Baby showers Sex secrets for parents See all in Life as a parent Baby essentials Best baby products Best formula and bottles for a windy baby Best car seats if you need three to fit Best nappies Best Moses baskets Best baby registries Best baby sleeping bags Best baby humidifier Best baby monitors Best baby bath seat Best baby food See all in Baby essentials Popular searches Back pain in pregnancy Pelvic girdle pain Perineal massage Signs you're having a boy Signs you're having a girl Can you take fish oil while pregnant? 18 weeks pregnant bump Can you eat salami when pregnant? Edwards' syndrome Mucus plug Missed miscarriage Should I harvest my colostrum? Rhesus positive vs. Rhesus negative What do contractions feel like? Hunger in early pregnancy First poop after birth When do babies sit up? When can babies have salt? MMR vaccine rash Vaping while breastfeeding How to transition from formula to milk When do babies start grabbing things? Sperm allergy: can sperm cause itching? How long after taking folic acid can I get pregnant? Community Getting pregnant Pregnancy Baby names Baby Toddler Preschooler Life as a parent Baby essentials BabyCentre is your parenting partner. 32+ million users every month 40+ medical advisers 2,500+ expert-reviewed articles Get weekly pregnancy tips from experts Sign up Discover how your baby's developing Find out more Find the best baby products Get started Get support from our community Take a look Browse thousands of baby names Get started My pregnancy week by week 2 weeks pregnant 3 weeks pregnant 4 weeks pregnant 5 weeks pregnant 6 weeks pregnant 7 weeks pregnant 8 weeks pregnant 9 weeks pregnant 10 weeks pregnant 11 weeks pregnant 12 weeks pregnant 13 weeks pregnant 14 weeks pregnant 15 weeks pregnant 16 weeks pregnant 17 weeks pregnant 18 weeks pregnant 19 weeks pregnant 20 weeks pregnant 21 weeks pregnant 22 weeks pregnant 23 weeks pregnant 24 weeks pregnant 25 weeks pregnant 26 weeks pregnant 27 weeks pregnant 28 weeks pregnant 29 weeks pregnant 30 weeks pregnant 31 weeks pregnant 32 weeks pregnant 33 weeks pregnant 34 weeks pregnant 35 weeks pregnant 36 weeks pregnant 37 weeks pregnant 38 weeks pregnant 39 weeks pregnant 40 weeks pregnant 41 weeks pregnant Track your pregnancy on our free #1 pregnancy & baby app Popular tools Ovulation calculator Due date calculator Conception Date Calculator Chinese gender predictor Baby names finder Pregnancy weight gain calculator Sample birth plans Baby costs calculator Baby growth tracker Child Height Predictor Getting pregnant All Before you begin Actively trying for a baby Trouble conceiving? How much folic acid do I need to take while trying to conceive? Reviewed by Charlotte Stirling-Reed, Nutritionist Can you choose to have a boy or girl? By Lorna Marsh Dads-to-be: can too much sex affect our chances of getting pregnant? Reviewed by Karoline Pahl, GP Dads-to-be: how your age can affect your fertility and your baby's health Reviewed by Babatunde Gbolade, Fertility specialist Getting pregnant in your 40s Reviewed by Thanos Papathanasiou, Fertility specialist and gynaecologist Getting pregnant in your 30s Reviewed by Thanos Papathanasiou, Fertility specialist and gynaecologist Fertility diet for women Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian Is it risky to have a baby after 35? Reviewed by Thanos Papathanasiou, Fertility specialist and gynaecologist Dads-to-be: is my sperm more potent in the morning? Reviewed by Hamed Al-Taher, Retired senior consultant gynaecologist Dads-to-be: does my medication affect my fertility? Reviewed by Hamed Al-Taher, Retired senior consultant gynaecologist My home pregnancy test showed a faint line. Am I pregnant? Reviewed by Babatunde Gbolade, Fertility specialist If I feel pregnant, why do all the tests say negative? Reviewed by Babatunde Gbolade, Fertility specialist Pregnancy signs at two weeks Reviewed by Babatunde Gbolade, Fertility specialist Early signs of pregnancy: the first 15 symptoms Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife Sex positions for getting pregnant Reviewed by Babatunde Gbolade, Fertility specialist Is not having much cervical mucus a sign of a fertility problem? Reviewed by Babatunde Gbolade, Fertility specialist Can I get pregnant just after my period? Reviewed by Babatunde Gbolade, Fertility specialist How to get pregnant fast: 9 tips for quick conception (photos) By Polly Logan-Banks What cervical mucus looks like: photos By Polly Logan-Banks Quiz: am I pregnant? What is a sperm allergy and how do I know whether I have one? Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP Your age and fertility Reviewed by Babatunde Gbolade, Fertility specialist Will my medicine affect my chances of conceiving? Reviewed by Thanos Papathanasiou, Fertility specialist and gynaecologist Can I get pregnant after two miscarriages? Reviewed by Thanos Papathanasiou, Fertility specialist and gynaecologist How to survive the two-week wait without losing your mind By Lyndsay Gardner See all Pregnancy All How your baby's growing Pregnancy health Labour and birth Your emotional health in pregnancy Can I tell how my baby’s lying based on their movements? Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife Is it normal for it to hurt when my baby moves? Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife Can my baby’s movements predict if I’m having a boy or a girl? Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife Average fetal length and weight chart Reviewed by Chess Thomas, Research Editor How will my baby's movements feel, week by week? Reviewed by Clare Herbert, Senior midwife and team leader Mums tell: what my baby's movements feel like (photos) By Francesca Whiting Inside pregnancy: weeks 1-9 (Video) Inside pregnancy: weeks 10-14 (Video) Inside pregnancy: weeks 15-20 (Video) Inside pregnancy: weeks 21-27 (Video) Inside pregnancy: weeks 28-37 (Video) I'm 13 weeks and have stopped feeling pregnant. Is my baby OK? Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife Is it possible to be pregnant and still have periods? Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP What is a missed miscarriage? Reviewed by Becky Taylor, Midwife sonographer Pregnancy symptoms you should never ignore Reviewed by Clare Herbert, Senior midwife and team leader Vaginal spotting or bleeding in early pregnancy By Jenny Leach How long after the mucus plug comes out does labour start? Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife Signs of labour Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife What will contractions feel like? Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife Bringing on labour: an overview Reviewed by Clare Herbert, Senior midwife and team leader Inside pregnancy: labour and birth (Video) 15 of the most dynamic birth photos By Rosanna McAllister I’ve lost interest in sex since I became pregnant. What can I do? Reviewed by Andrew G Marshall, Marital therapist Can I have sex with a new partner now I’m pregnant? Reviewed by Andrew G Marshall, Marital therapist Sex during pregnancy Reviewed by Clare Herbert, Senior midwife and team leader I don't know who my baby's dad is. What can I do? Reviewed by Clare Herbert, Senior midwife and team leader Sex positions for pregnancy: images Reviewed by Hanna Dabbour, Senior physiotherapist and junior doctor I want this baby but my partner doesn’t: parents’ tips Reviewed by Clare Herbert, Senior midwife and team leader See all Baby All Breastfeeding Your baby's development Formula feeding Baby health First foods Baby sleep How to tell if your newborn is getting enough breastmilk Reviewed by Clare Herbert, Senior midwife and team leader How much breastmilk does my baby need in the first few days? Reviewed by Clare Herbert, Senior midwife and team leader When your baby won't breastfeed Reviewed by Sophie Martin, Lead midwife My baby breastfeeds for only a few minutes at a time. Is this normal? Reviewed by Clare Littler, Midwife Why are my breastfed baby’s poos often green? Reviewed by Gemma Caton, Specialist health visitor Developmental milestones: rolling over Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Developmental milestones: sitting Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Baby milestones: one to six months Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Developmental milestones: head control Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Signs that your baby is having a growth spurt: photos By Chess Thomas Baby milestones: seven to 12 months Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor How can I combine breast and bottle? Reviewed by Christine Griffin, Breastfeeding specialist How can I get my baby to take a bottle? Reviewed by Jill Irving RN (Adult) RN (Child) RM (Lapsed), Health visitor How do I know if my baby is getting enough formula? Reviewed by Jill Irving RN (Adult) RN (Child) RM (Lapsed), Health visitor Why babies cry, and how to soothe them Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Vomiting in babies: what's normal and what's not Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP Childhood rashes, skin conditions and infections: photos Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP Signs and symptoms of teething: photos By Francesca Whiting Baby poo: a visual guide (photos) Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP How much milk does my six-month-old baby need after starting solids? Reviewed by Charlotte Stirling-Reed, Nutritionist Can I put salt in my baby's food? Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian Is it true that alcohol is cooked off in food? Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian Why has my baby gone off solid food? Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian My baby's poo has changed now that they're on solids. Is this normal? Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Solids by age: at six months Reviewed by Sasha Watkins, Dietitian How can I get my baby to sleep through the night? Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Sleep training your baby Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Your baby's breathing: what's normal Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor How do I teach my baby to self-settle? Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor What should my baby wear at night? (Infographic) By Joanne Lewsley See all Toddler All Caring for your toddler Toddler development Toddler nutrition Toddler health Toddler games, activities and play My one-year-old still wakes up at night. What can I do? Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor How to establish a sleep routine for your toddler: 12 to 18 months Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Toddler sleep concerns: common cold Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor When should I move my toddler from a cot to a bed, and how? Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Toddler sleep concerns: wakes at night Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Establishing good sleep habits: 18 to 24 months By Joanne Lewsley What to do when your toddler isn't talking Reviewed by Helen Davies, Health visitor Milestone chart: 25 to 30 months Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Milestone chart: 31 to 36 months Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Milestone chart: 19 to 24 months Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Milestone chart: 13 to 18 months Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Why does my toddler love repetition? By The BabyCentre UK Editorial Team How to cope with feeding a fussy toddler Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian I think my toddler is underweight. What should I do? Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian How should I wean my baby off formula and onto cow's milk? Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Solids by age: 13 to 18 months Reviewed by Sasha Watkins, Dietitian Solids by age: 19 to 24 months Reviewed by Sasha Watkins, Dietitian 12 quick and easy toddler meal ideas: photos Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian Diarrhoea in children (ages one to five) Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP Molluscum contagiosum (water warts) in children ages one to five Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP Threadworms in children (ages one to five) Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP Cold sores in children (ages one to five) Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP Fever in children (ages one to five) Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP Vomiting in children (ages one to five): what's normal and what's not Reviewed by Toni Hazell, GP What are the best toys for my 12 to 18 month old? By Joanne Lewsley What are the best toys for my 24 to 30-month-old? By Joanne Lewsley What are the best toys for my 18 to 24 month old? By Joanne Lewsley Ways to manage your toddler's screen time By Jenny Leach See all Preschooler All Behaviour Preschooler nutrition Let's play! Sleep Starting school How to teach your child to share Reviewed by Angharad Rudkin, Clinical psychologist What to do when your child is aggressive Reviewed by Angharad Rudkin, Clinical psychologist How to handle nail-biting in children Reviewed by Angharad Rudkin, Clinical psychologist Ways to discipline your child Reviewed by Angharad Rudkin, Clinical psychologist Alternatives to saying “no” to your child Reviewed by Richard Gilham, Child psychologist What to do when your child ignores you Reviewed by Angharad Rudkin, Clinical psychologist Dealing with a sweet tooth Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian Healthy eating for children Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian What should I do if my child refuses to eat any meat? Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian Nature book By The BabyCentre UK Editorial Team Leaf collage By The BabyCentre UK Editorial Team Homemade twister By The BabyCentre UK Editorial Team I'm going to the beach and... (memory game) By The BabyCentre UK Editorial Team Animal freeze dance By The BabyCentre UK Editorial Team Dealing with late-night visits from your child Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor When will my child stop needing a nap? Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Sleep guidelines for preschoolers Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Nightmares: why they happen and what to do about them Reviewed by Harriet Gibbs, Health visitor Bedtime battles: how to nip them in the bud By The BabyCentre UK Editorial Team Developing your child’s language skills for school By Joanne Lewsley 10 ways to get your child to school on time By Jenny Leach How to make the most of parents' evenings By Jenny Leach Is my child ready for school? By Jenny Leach What should I do when my child fights with her friends during playdates? By Jenny Leach See all Advertisement | page continues below Our Medical Advisory Board Meet our medical advisers — highly respected experts who ensure our content is complete and accurate. Harriet Gibbs Health visitor Clare Herbert Senior midwife and team leader Hanna Dabbour Senior physiotherapist and junior doctor Angharad Rudkin Clinical psychologist Vinayak Pai Consultant paediatrician Sarah Schenker Dietitian See all Your Birth Club Connect with other parents-to-be December 2025 Birth Club January 2026 Birth Club February 2026 Birth Club March 2026 Birth Club April 2026 Birth Club May 2026 Birth Club June 2026 Birth Club July 2026 Birth Club August 2026 Birth Club September 2026 Birth Club October 2026 Birth Club November 2026 Birth Club See all Baby Names A-Z A Baby girl names that start with A B Baby girl names that start with B C Baby girl names that start with C D Baby girl names that start with D E Baby girl names that start with E F Baby girl names that start with F G Baby girl names that start with G H Baby girl names that start with H I Baby girl names that start with I J Baby girl names that start with J K Baby girl names that start with K L Baby girl names that start with L M Baby girl names that start with M N Baby girl names that start with N O Baby girl names that start with O P Baby girl names that start with P Q Baby girl names that start with Q R Baby girl names that start with R S Baby girl names that start with S T Baby girl names that start with T U Baby girl names that start with U V Baby girl names that start with V W Baby girl names that start with W X Baby girl names that start with X Y Baby girl names that start with Y Z Baby girl names that start with Z A Baby boy names that start with A B Baby boy names that start with B C Baby boy names that start with C D Baby boy names that start with D E Baby boy names that start with E F Baby boy names that start with F G Baby boy names that start with G H Baby boy names that start with H I Baby boy names that start with I J Baby boy names that start with J K Baby boy names that start with K L Baby boy names that start with L M Baby boy names that start with M N Baby boy names that start with N O Baby boy names that start with O P Baby boy names that start with P Q Baby boy names that start with Q R Baby boy names that start with R S Baby boy names that start with S T Baby boy names that start with T U Baby boy names that start with U V Baby boy names that start with V W Baby boy names that start with W X Baby boy names that start with X Y Baby boy names that start with Y Z Baby boy names that start with Z See more Best Baby and Pregnancy Products All Nursery Maternity Feeding your baby Baby gear Toys, books and activities Daily care products Best white noise machines to help your baby sleep By Sophie Bell Best pregnancy vitamins Reviewed by Sarah Schenker, Dietitian The best pregnancy pillows By Sophie Bell Best maternity and nursing bras By Gemma Brushneen Best maternity swimsuits By Lauren Carbran Best baby bottle sterilisers By Lucy Toseland-Bolton Best nipple cream By Gemma Brushneen Best breast pumps By Lucy Toseland-Bolton Best baby food maker By Gemma Brushneen Best formula and bottles for a windy baby By Charlotte McClure Best highchairs By Lucy Toseland-Bolton Best buggies and strollers in 2024 By Lucy Toseland-Bolton Best books for 2-year-olds By Amalia Smith Best baby stair gate By Gemma Brushneen Best baby bath seat By Gemma Brushneen Best baby changing mats By Gemma Brushneen Best baby changing bags By Lucy Toseland-Bolton Best baby carriers and slings By Charlotte McClure See all Latest on BabyCentre How long after the mucus plug comes out does labour start? By Chess Thomas Is it safe to use a seat belt and airbag during pregnancy? By Chess Thomas Coughs and colds in pregnancy By Joanne Lewsley I'm 13 weeks and have stopped feeling pregnant. Is my baby OK? By Joanne Lewsley Braxton Hicks contractions By Chess Thomas Buying pregnancy vitamins By Joanne Lewsley False alarm or go time? Braxton Hicks vs. real labour Pain relief and monitoring in a birth pool By Joanne Lewsley Get the BabyCentre app The #1 app for tracking pregnancy and baby growth. Get the BabyCentre app About BabyCentre About us Careers Advertise with us Opens a new window Press Centre Privacy policy Terms of use Cookie policy Help centre Contact us Community guidelines Email subscriptions Account details Family information AdChoices Popular Questions What are early signs of a twin pregnancy? What is nub theory? Are painful baby movements normal? What is the difference between boy and girl movements? What is transverse baby? Is it normal to not feel pregnant at 13 weeks? What is normal baby vomiting? How can I tell if I'm having a boy or a girl? Why is my formula fed baby suddenly refusing bottle? Pregnancy Week by Week Pregnancy Week By Week 2 weeks pregnant 3 weeks pregnant 4 weeks pregnant 5 weeks pregnant 6 weeks pregnant 7 weeks pregnant 8 weeks pregnant 9 weeks pregnant 10 weeks pregnant 11 weeks pregnant 12 weeks pregnant 13 weeks pregnant 14 weeks pregnant 15 weeks pregnant 16 weeks pregnant 17 weeks pregnant 18 weeks pregnant 19 weeks pregnant 20 weeks pregnant 21 weeks pregnant 22 weeks pregnant 23 weeks pregnant 24 weeks pregnant 25 weeks pregnant 26 weeks pregnant 27 weeks pregnant 28 weeks pregnant 29 weeks pregnant 30 weeks pregnant 31 weeks pregnant 32 weeks pregnant 33 weeks pregnant 34 weeks pregnant 35 weeks pregnant 36 weeks pregnant 37 weeks pregnant 38 weeks pregnant 39 weeks pregnant 40 weeks  pregnant 41 weeks pregnant Popular Baby Name Lists Mythical baby names Solar System baby names Colour names Hindu names Unusual boy names UK Wild West baby names baby names meaning black Girl names meaning wild Biblical names Girl baby names ending in son Nature baby names Posh boy names Other Sites BabyCenter Australia BabyCenter Brazil BabyCenter Canada BabyCenter en Español BabyCenter Germany BabyCenter India BabyCenter US CONNECT WITH US Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Copyright© 2000-2025 BabyCenter, LLC. This Internet site provides information of a general nature and is designed for educational purposes only. If you have any concerns about your own health or the health of your child, you should always consult with a doctor or other healthcare professional. Please review the Terms of Use before using this site. Your use of the site indicates your agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use . Advertisement