Backpacker Magazine | Camping - Hiking - Gear - Skills 26% OFF OUTSIDE+ FOR 2026 Start the year with unlimited access to Backpacker SAVE NOW Backpacker Powered by Outside Home Featured Gear Trips Skills Survival News & Events Videos Stories Gear Guide More Don't miss new adventures Get all the latest delivered to your feed. The Best New Gear of 2025 According to Backpacker’s Gear Editor Ultralight microspikes? Check. Dehydrated drunken noodles? Yes please. Benjamin Tepler The 5 Hottest Hiking Takes of 2025 The Gear Backpacker’s Editors Loved in 2025 Backpacker For the First Time Ever, Three Hikers Will Log 10,000 Miles in a Single Year Grayson Haver Currin Start Your Year Outside: Where to Find a First Day Hike in All 50 States Adam Roy The Top Hiking Stories of 2025 The Best Long Reads Backpacker Published in 2025 The 10 Best Hiking Skills We Learned in 2025 The Top Hiking Stories of 2025 The 10 Biggest Hiking News Stories of 2025 The Top 10 Hiking Travel Stories Backpacker Told in 2025 Latest News and Events Three Hikers Found Dead on Mt. Baldy After One Fell 500 Feet The fatality occurred in the notorious Devil's Backbone area of Mt. Baldy. The recovery mission is still underway. Emma Veidt Updated 3 hours ago Backpacking Fitness Foot Pain While Hiking? This Tiny Bone Could Be the Culprit. Cuboid syndrome can plague hikers. Here's how to recognize, treat, and prevent it. Zoe Gates Updated Dec 29, 2025 Opinion When Did Ultralight Become About Buying More, Not Packing Less? The market for ultralight gadgets has exploded in recent years. Has innovation gone too far? Alisha McDarris Updated Dec 28, 2025 Beginner Skills Become a Stronger Hiker in 2026 With These 5 Tiny Adjustments To heck with Quitter's Day: These bite-size resolutions are simple to keep and are guaranteed to upgrade your hiking experience. Adam Roy Updated Dec 28, 2025 Backpacking 101 Your First Backpacking Trip Will Probably Be a Disaster. Here’s Why That’s a Good Thing. Backpacking for the first time might suck. That’s totally normal Jay Bouchard Updated Dec 27, 2025 Backcountry Kitchen I’m Over Calorie-Light Backpacking Meals We're not counting them, but we sure could use more. Zoe Gates Updated Dec 27, 2025 Backpacking Fitness If You Can Do These Four Exercises, You’re Ready for Any Hike Use this series of squats, leg bridges, planks, and calf raises to keep track of your training and you'll have trail-proof full-body strength in no time. Lee Welton Updated Dec 27, 2025 Backpacking Fitness This Fitness Test Can Tell You How Strong of a Hiker You Are—and How to Get Fitter Gauge your cardiovascular fitness to hone in on your training goals. Lee Welton Updated Dec 25, 2025 Cooking This Hated Holiday Food Is the Ultimate Hiking Snack Made the butt of jokes and relegated to the discount aisle post-holiday, fruitcake may be the most disrespected confection of the Christmas season. But backpackers in the know understand this treat’s true power. Adam Roy Published Dec 25, 2025 Backpacking Fitness Your Hiking Pain Might Not Be an Injury. Here’s What It Is Instead. Muscular imbalances are a common cause of joint pain—and we all have them. Here’s how to ferret out weak muscles and strengthen them before hiking season. Corey Buhay Published Dec 24, 2025 See All Wildlife The Cocaine Bear Trailer Is Wild. The Real Story Is Weirder and Sadder. Cocaine Bear's first trailer shows a bloodthirsty, intoxicated bruin rampaging through the forest. But how much of the based-on-a-true-story movie is real? Editors’ Picks How to Recognize and Identify Animal Tracks on the Trail Why You Shouldn’t Be Afraid of Mountain Lions Marmots Keep Sneaking Into Hikers’ Cars With Hilarious (and Expensive) Results Fitness The Best Hiking Workouts for Every Fitness Level Reality check: Hitting the gym is the quickest way to hike farther, easier, faster, and pain-free. Get into a routine—or take yours to the next level—with these smart workouts for three different levels. Editors’ Picks Knees Are a Hiker’s Weak Link. Here’s How to Strengthen Yours. 4 Ways to Build Lungs of Steel (Without Running!) The Hike Forever Fitness Plan View
            More The Best Hikes The Best Hikes in Joshua Tree National Park Full of rock scrambles, cactus clusters, and desert views for days, Joshua Tree National Park is the southwest at its finest. Editors’ Picks The Best San Diego Hikes for Your Next Coastal Adventure The Best Hikes Near Seattle for Every Kind of Hiker The Best Hikes in Washington View
            More Backpacking Skills Why You Should Use Trekking Poles Ending too many hikes with sore, wobbly legs? Trekking poles can help you make it that extra mile. Editors’ Picks A Backpacker’s Guide to Personal Hygiene While Camping How to Pack a Backpack for a Hiking Trip Learn How to Use a Compass and Never Get Lost Again Gear Round-Ups The Best Hiking and Backpacking Gear of Winter 2026 From blizzard-ready tents to sleeping bags that can handle the coldest nights, this is the gear you can count on this season. Editors’ Picks The Ultimate Backpacking Checklist The Ultimate Dayhiking Checklist The Ultimate Smokeless Fire Pit Showdown Trail Guides The Ultimate Guide to Hiking the Zion Narrows The Narrows at Zion National Park offers an incredible adventure in America's most amazing slot canyons. Here's how to safely explore them. Editors’ Picks Hiking the Billy Goat Trail The Definitive Guide to the Wonderland Trail Thru-Hiking the Appalachian Trail: Everything You Need to Know Survival Skills How to Remove and Treat Thorns, Splinters, and Other Prick Wounds Nature can be brutal. Learn how to to deal with wounds from all kinds of thorns, spines, splinters, shards, quills, needles, and anything else that might get under your skin when you’re on the trail. Editors’ Picks 12 Edible Bugs That Could Help You Survive The 10 Most Common Hiking Injuries and Illnesses and How to Treat Them How to Use Bear Spray Classic Destinations Hike Mauna Kea: The Expert Guide to Hiking Hawaii’s Highest Point Ready to hike to the highest point in Hawaii? Ascend Mauna Kea's volcanic slopes to a summit high above the clouds. This challenging day hike is among the most spectacular on the planet. Editors’ Picks Hike Mount Washington — The Most Dangerous Small Mountain in the World Torreys Peak: The Ultimate Hiking Guide The 10 Best Hikes in Sedona Backpacking Gear 10 Backpacking Gear Tips We Learned the Hard Way Get the most out of your backpacking equipment with this sage advice. Editors’ Picks The Best Ultralight Packs for Hunting, Packrafting, and Guiding 8 Pieces of Backpacking Gear You Should Just Make Yourself The 10 Men's Hiking Boots and Shoes Our Testers Swear By Long Trails 100 Years Ago, the Appalachian Trail Was One Man’s Dream. Now, It’s Everyone’s. Benton MacKaye's original proposal for the Appalachian Trail came out 100 years ago. While the trail may have changed, the appeal hasn't. Editors’ Picks My Colorado Trail Thru-Hike Was a Journey Back to Myself The Ultimate Pacific Crest Trail Packing List I Set FKTs on Long Trails Across the US. Was I Missing the Point? Outside Apps Gaia GPS Get off the beaten path, and stay found. Download Trailforks Discover the best trails in the world. Download Outside TV Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series. Download Outside Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app. Download Listen Out Alive Real people who survived the unsurvivable View
            More Listen Impossible Odds Two friends, 8,000 trail miles, one year View
            More Featured Story She Became the First Woman to Complete This 3,600-Mile Thru-Hike—and Brought Thousands Along for the Journey This September, Jessica "Stitches" Guo finished thru-hiking the Continental Divide and Great Divide Trails in one five-month push, a deep-backcountry journey that saw her spend weeks without seeing a single other person. But with tens of thousands of people following her daily videos, it was a shared experience. David Gleisner Updated Oct 10, 2025 Jessica “Stitches” Guo began her 30th birthday alone, in the woods, walking north towards the Canadian border. It was the same way she had spent the last few months of her 20s, during which she hiked from the Mexican border through New Mexico, Colorado, Wyoming, Idaho, and Montana along the Continental Divide Trail. This day, however, was different. At 1:51 p.m. on August 12, Guo reached a clearing in the trees, where stone monuments marked the U.S.-Canada border and the northern terminus of the CDT. She collapsed into tears alongside some concerned tourists. When they learned what she had just done, they applauded and helped her record a video, which would be viewed by more than half a million people on TikTok and Instagram. For a few minutes, Guo sat, welcoming in her 30s with birthday cake Oreos and taking it all in. Then, she stood and continued into Canada. Her journey was not over. In many ways, she felt as if it were just beginning. “Up until that point, I was like, ‘There’s a chance that I might not do this.’ I might get there and be too late or I might be too tired, or I might be too bored,” Guo says. “So for me to get there and still be feeling great, I was like, ‘All right, yeah, we can actually start the real hike now.’” Continue Reading Latest Issue January/February 2022 Backpacker Magazine See the issue See the Archive Outside+ Join Outside+ to get access to exclusive content, 1,000s of training plans, and more. Learn More Facebook Icon Instagram Icon Manage Cookie Preferences