Never Miss a Sale with Automated Back in Stock Alerts Skip to content Products Lifetimely Discover Lifetimely Make profitable business decisions with all the metrics that matter. Profit and Loss Revenue, costs, and expenses, in daily and weekly reports. CAC and LTV Precise month-to-month numbers and smart predictive data. Customer Behavior and Cohorts See detailed repurchase rates, trends and buying habits. Attribution Maximize your ad spend across all platforms. Custom Dashboards and Metrics Uncover, filter, and organize your most important data. Cortex AI Uncover insights, strategies, and take action to drive real impact. Revenue Acceleration Back in Stock | PreOrder Collect sign-ups for sold-out products to send restock alerts and boost cash flow by taking preorders on in-demand items. Slide Cart Increase conversions and grow every order effortlessly with the #1 customizable slide cart. Bundles Boost cart size and increase sales with product bundles, promos, and discounts tailored to your brand and strategy. Turn Lifetimely Business insights into Action. Power onsite Revenue Acceleration Instantly, with Cortex AI Learn more Integrations Customers Resources Resources Support Read how-to articles for all AMP products, and get in contact if you need more help. Learning Center In-depth resources to help eCommerce entrepreneurs build smarter businesses. eCommerce Benchmarks See how your business stacks up in your industry across 11 key metrics. Amplify Blog Insights, trends, and tips to help you grow your eCommerce brand. Seasonal Releases The newest product updates for the most ambitious brands Wall of Love 😍 See what our customers from around the world have to say about AMP! Book a Demo Get a walkthrough with our expert team, specific to your business needs. Newsroom Company and product announcements from the AMP Newsroom Ultimate Guide to Back in Stock Alerts for Shopify Brands Read the Guide Pricing Book a Demo Get Started for Free Capture Lost Sales with Automated Back in Stock Alerts Try Back in Stock for Free Book a Demo Next Previous $1.8bn We have generated over US$1.8 billion in incremental sales revenue for our customers Back in Stock has over 800 Five Star reviews on the Shopify App Store 25k Over 25,000 brands around the world are using Back in Stock to boost their revenue Capture demand Capture buyer demand with customizable signup forms and pop-ups Install and start sending alerts in minutes, match your Shopify theme, and capture buyer demand with customizable signup forms, pop-ups, and "Notify Me When Available" buttons. Never miss a sale Capture buyer demand in the moment to avoid lost sales, and use this data to inform your marketing strategies. Customize design to match your brand Back in stock buttons, forms, and pop ups can be fully customized to fit seamlessly with your store. Boost upsells and cross-sells Use demand insights to promote similar or premium products for higher AOV. Convert demand Turn restocks into sales with instant and scheduled customer notifications Instantly convert restocks into sales with automated email, SMS, and web push notifications in multiple languages. Recover lost revenue while controlling delivery timing, audience size, and branding. Instant and scalable delivery Notify customers within 60 seconds of a restock for immediate conversions. Full control over notifications Manage delivery settings to control how many customers get alerts at once, ensuring a smooth and manageable sales flow. Brand-aligned messaging Customize email, SMS, and push notifications to match your store’s look and voice and deliver notifications in multiple languages. Boost sales Let customers  preorder before  your collection ships Set up preorders in minutes, customize buttons and messaging to match your store, and capture buyer intent before launch with flexible payment options, branded forms, and real-time demand insights. Predict demand and boost your bottom line Optimize cash flow and demand forecasting with preorders. Get paid your way Flexible payment options including full payment, partial deposit, or discount-based incentives to drive conversion and improve cash flow. Seamless design. Zero code. Fully branded preorder buttons, forms, and messaging—customized to your theme, device type, and language. Set up in minutes, no code required. Plan smarter with real demand data Use preorder demand insights to improve inventory planning, launch timing, and prioritize products your customers want most. “Back in Stock has all the useful information for us to know our customers' demands, drive sales, and it looks great with our theme. The support is really responsive and helpful! Great service!” Track performance Identify high-demand products for better inventory and marketing strategies Use detailed analytics to track customer demand, notification performance, and conversion impact. Leverage real-time insights to optimize inventory, refine marketing strategies, and drive upsells and cross-sells, while easily monitoring performance with exportable reports and conversion tracking. Track conversions and sales impact Measure the direct revenue generated from Back in Stock notifications. Optimize inventory and demand planning Identify high-demand out-of-stock products and adjust restocking strategies accordingly. Refine marketing and upsell strategies Use customer demand data to target upsells, cross-sells, and personalized campaigns. Over 25,000 brands are increasing sales with Back in Stock Back in Stock has been great at notifying customers when items are our of stock. It also helps us know what is most in demand after something sells out! We love it!! Amazing app that we’ve used for years. It’s a breeze to install and customize. I love the detailed reporting it gives on notifications sent, notifications converted and notifications that haven’t converted. Back in Stock is a great app for us - it's easy to use and very beneficial to our business. The team have also been great to communicate with and have helped resolved any issues we've had. Drive engagement and sales with intent-driven insights and seamless integrations Seamless integrations for enhanced engagement Integrates with platforms like Klaviyo, Mailchimp, PageFly, Campaign Monitor and more, ensuring a cohesive experience and smooth workflows across all customer touchpoints. Optimize product assortment and buying decisions Use buyer intent insights to inform your product assortment strategy. Understand which products are in high demand and strategically stock similar products to meet customer needs, even when specific items are unavailable. Intent-driven recommendations and alternatives Use intent data to personalize marketing efforts by directing customers to alternative products they’re likely to buy when an item isn’t restocking, ensuring you maintain momentum and never miss a sales opportunity. Convert in the moment with smart product recommendations Back in Stock by AMP now integrates directly with Upsell by AMP, letting you promote the right high-converting products to customers who are ready to buy, immediately after they complete a restock email sign-up. Simple set up. Fast impact Activate AI product recommendations as soon as Upsell and Back in Stock by AMP are installed. Enhanced onsite personalization Show your customers what other products they’ll love when they tell you what they want to buy. High-intent conversion Turn out of stock product demand into a high converting sales channel Discover Upsell Watch our quick guide to see how Back in Stock and Upsell works... Play Video We integrate with the platforms commerce brands use everyday Connect to Shopify to add Back in Stock buttons, pop ups and forms that match your theme Connect Klaviyo to Back in Stock to sync your signup lists with segments and campaigns. Learn more Sync customer data from Back in Stock to Mailchimp to run smart campaigns. Connect Back in Stock with Zapier and your Zaps will automatically receive new notifications. Enable customers to opt-in to your Constant Contact mailing list when signing up for a Back in Stock notification. Enable customers to opt-in to Campaign Monitor mailing lists when signing up for a Back in Stock notification. Display the Back in Stock button in your PageFly pages. Integrate with Upsell by AMP to promote high-converting items immediately after customers sign up for a restock alert. Learn more Pricing plans to suit every business Free Plans Business Plans Enterprise Plans Free Plans Free Plan $0 Per month Up to 10 notifications per month All basic features Start for Free Business Plans Lite $19 Per month Up to 50 notifications per month Includes all features! Start a Free Trial Startup $29 Per month Up to 100 notifications per month Includes all features! Start a Free Trial Small $49 Per month Up to 500 notifications per month Includes all features! Start a Free Trial Medium $69 Per month Up to 5,000 notifications per month Includes all features! Start a Free Trial Large $99 Per month Most popular plan! Up to 50,000 notifications per month Includes all features! Start a Free Trial Enterprise Plans Enterprise 200k $199 Per month Up to 200,000 notifications per month Includes all features! Start a Free Trial Enterprise 300k $299 Per month Up to 300,000 notifications per month Includes all features! Start a Free Trial Enterprise 400k $399 Per month Up to 400,000 notifications per month Includes all features! Start a Free Trial Enterprise 1m $999 Per month Up to 1,000,000 notifications per month Includes all features Start a Free Trial Free Resources to help your business Attribution for maximized ad spend: How to optimize performance channels Learn how to drive sales by understanding which campaigns or platforms are most profitable Everything you need to know about Shopify Upsells Boost revenue and increase your profit margins by encouraging customers to spend more. The ultimate guide to back in stock alerts for Shopify brands Ensure that you capture every sale with customer alerts when you restock their desired product. Join over 25,000 brands driving more revenue with Back in Stock Try Back in Stock for Free Book a Demo Lifetimely Discover Lifetimely Profit and Loss CAC and LTV Customer Journeys Attribution Custom Dashboards Cortex AI Connect Klaviyo Connect Quickbooks Integrations Pricing Shopify App Store Compare Lifetimely Triple Whale Polar Analytics BeProfit Back in Stock | PreOrders Discover Back in Stock Integrations Pricing Shopify App Store Slide Cart Discover Slide Cart Pricing Shopify App Store Bundles Discover Bundles Pricing Shopify App Store Customers Case Studies G FUEL Woolly Clothing Snakehive Equator Coffees Zelmin’s Wall of Love Resources Support Learning Center eCommerce Benchmarks Amplify Blog Book a Demo Product Updates Company About AMP Careers LinkedIn YouTube Newsroom Legal © Copyright 2025 AMP, all rights reserved. Terms and Privacy Lifetimely Discover Lifetimely Profit and Loss CAC and LTV Customer Behavior and Cohorts Attribution Custom Dashboards and Metrics Actionable Product Performance Insights Revenue Acceleration Back in Stock | PreOrders Slide Cart Bundles Integrations Customers Resources Book a Demo Learning Center AMP it UP Seasonal Releases Amplify Blog eCommerce Benchmarks Newsroom Wall of Love Pricing