___

B2 Overdrive wins SiliconANGLE's 2025 TechForward Awards in the Cloud Tech - Cloud Networking category.

Learn more about B2 Overdrive.

Partners
Support
English
Sign In
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Why Backblaze
Contact Sales
Start Free
B2 CLOUD STORAGE
Unlock
Cost Savings
Scalability
Resiliency
Revenue
Immutability
Time Savings
Collaboration
Productivity
Killer Apps
Always-hot S3 compatible cloud object storage
Enterprise ready security and compliance
100% performance, 100% cost effective—with free egress
Get full-featured access.

No credit card required.

By pressing this button to create a Backblaze account, you agree to our terms of service.


Performant & Secure

Save to always-hot, S3 compatible object storage with a 99.9% uptime SLA, and bolster BC/DR plans with encryption, durability, replication, and immutability.


Stack Ease & Flexibility

Operate your way, easily—works seamlessly with most infrastructure and tools via API, CLI, and countless third party integrations.


Cost & Time Savings

Get more from your data for less—with free egress and lower total cost of ownership, built on a service that cuts data management time up to 92%.

Contact Sales
Get Started Free
Trusted by 100,000+ organizations
Empower Your Business with B2 Cloud Storage

B2 Cloud Storage is purpose built for the open cloud to integrate seamlessly with your preferred tech stack, freeing you up to choose the vendors you prefer and putting your needs first.

TCO That Delights Your CFO

Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage delivers a dramatically lower total cost of ownership. Predictable costs, improved business agility, and operational simplicity help you save money, reduce risk, and drive faster innovation.

View Pricing
SOLUTIONS
The right cloud storage for your needs

Application & AI storage

Accelerate exabyte-scale AI/ML, cloud-native apps, and data lakes with object storage that enables open cloud portability.

Scale development

Backup

Safeguard data with reliable backup and archive for servers, VMs, NAS, M365, K8s, and more.

Protect systems

Active media archive

Advance and share content within your existing workflows and preferred media management tools.

Optimize production
Hundreds of pre-built integrations
Explore Integrations
Designed to deliver enterprise grade security and compliance
Security first framework

Dial in protections with access management, data storage security, and architecture & physical controls including:

Encryption and server-side encryption (SSE)
Object Locks
Fine-grained API key control
Bucket Access Logs
Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) 
Multi-region data replication
Explore security
Compliance program compatible

Fulfill your data storage, retention, and deletion policies and requirements with compliance supports including:

SOC 2 Type 2
GovRAMP Progressing Security Snapshot program
TX-RAMP Provisional Authorization
HECVAT
BAAs for HIPAA 
PCI DSS support
Explore compliance
Now, we have a system for scaling infinitely. It lowers our break-even customer volume while increasing our margins, so we can reinvest back into the business.

Gavin Wade

Founder & CEO, Cloudspot

700TB

stored

$10K+

instant savings per month

90%

transfer cost reduction

Read the customer story
FEATURES
B2 Cloud Storage featured offerings

Cloud Replication

Automatically copy and store data in different locations by setting up replication rules for redundancy, compliance, and fast local access. It’s easy to configure and doesn’t incur service or egress fees.

Learn more

Object Lock

Stop ransomware in its tracks with immutability. Backblaze B2 Object Lock provides write once, read many (WORM) access in real time, ensuring bad actors can’t encrypt, change, or delete your data.

Learn more

Event Notifications

Generate instant alerts for data changes in B2 Cloud Storage, simplifying workloads for dev, media, and IT teams. Automate transcoding, asset tracking, and content tasks across your tech stack.

Learn more

Live Read

Start reading and editing large media files from anywhere while they’re still uploading to Backblaze B2 and connected tools. Unlock near real-time workflow efficiency and more revenue from faster content delivery.

Learn more

Powered by Backblaze

A suite of tools that allows you to deliver scalable cloud storage seamlessly to your customers, without any capital investment. Grow revenue while giving customers more value and data protection, seamlessly.

Learn more
Recognized by your peer companies and industry leaders

‍

‍

‍

Assisted data migration available

Backblaze’s Universal Data Migration service is here to help you quickly and securely move large datasets into B2 Cloud Storage—from public clouds and cloud drives, servers, and tape. Plus, we'll help cover migration costs with qualifying commitments.

Contact Sales
FAQ
My organization has a large amount of files that we need to access quickly and easily. How does Backblaze meet this need?
Does Backblaze B2 support hybrid cloud/multi-cloud infrastructure?
Is it possible to migrate my data from a legacy storage solution to Backblaze B2?
Why should I trust Backblaze with my data?
How does Backblaze support sustainability?
Is Backblaze B2 compatible with third-party applications and integrations?
How can I get unlimited free egress?
What is B2 Overdrive?
Who is B2 Overdrive best suited for?
How does Backblaze's 3x free egress work?
Want to run a free proof of concept for more than 50TB?
Contact Sales

A Publicly Traded Company (BLZE)
Backblaze © 2025

About Us
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Careers
Terms and Policies
Privacy
Contact
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View ourCookie Policy
Accept All Cookies