Fast Hosting, Dedicated servers, Windows and Linux VPS, Domains - BaCloud.com Maintenance - Scheduled maintenance for Windows VPS node solusvm-node-86.bacloud.com (from 2026-01-03 10:00:00 to 2026-01-03 11:00:00) - More details Bare-metal servers with AMD EPYC™ 9355 processor are now available in our UK location. Click here to order. Products & Services Dedicated Servers One processor Dual processor Bare Metal Bargain Server Quote Request Windows VPS Windows KVM Windows VDS Linux VPS Linux KVM Linux VDS Linux OpenVZ WEB Hosting Hosting Space Hosting Hosting Pro Domains Register Transfer Specialized solutions Infrastructure SSL Certificates Managed services Online Backup Cloud storage Colocation Company About Datacenter Policies Refund policy Terms of service Privacy policy Payment methods Career Support Live Chat Tickets Resources Knowledgebase Promotions Promotions Black Friday Cyber Monday DC status Affiliates API Documentation Blog Log In Sign Up Log In Sign Up EN English Lietuvių EN English Lietuvių 0 Log In Sign Up Cookies Consent We inform that our website uses cookies to monitor website traffic and to provide additional functions. You can read more about cookies in our Privacy Policy . Mandatory cookies Functional cookies Analytical cookies Marketing cookies Accept selected Accept all Dedicated Servers Highest performance fully customizable servers for TOP reliability Find more Virtual Private Servers Linux or Windows VPS is a perfect choice for most personal or business Apps Find more Fast NVMe Hosting Shared Hosting is an easy and economical way to launch a website or e-shop instantly Find more Main services Dedicated Servers Full control of your Dedicated server with high performance and single-tenant. It’s flexible and fully customizable online. Perfect to host big websites, e-shops, CRM, ERP projects or deploy your high-resilience infrastructure. Read More Linux VPS Fast and reliable Linux private virtual servers with NVMe disks and dedicated server resources are a perfect fit for heavy databases and medium sized internet projects. Most Linux OS distributions are ready to use with instant delivery. Read More Windows VPS Reliable and high-quality Windows virtual private servers for Microsoft based applications, MS SQL and remote terminals. Customizable Windows server OS versions from 2016 to 2025, RDP, MS Office, SQL versions. Read More Infrastructure Custom infrastructure solutions, private networks and VPN, BGP, VLAN connections, Cloud solutions. It also includes integration of dedicated servers, colocation, routers and switches. Read More Hosting Fast NVMe hosting with easy-to-use cPanel control panel, free SSL certificate and dedicated IP address. It’s a perfect fit for small to medium sized websites or e-shops. Read More Cloud Backups Protect your data with our cloud-based application with a dedicated space. Reliable protection of your business and information including a simple PC or advanced server systems. Read More Why should you trust us? Great Uptime 20 years of hosting experience guarantees 99.97% Server Uptime. Wide Range of Services Servers powered by AMD EPYC or Intel Xeon CPUs and ultra fast NVMe-SSD disks. Award-winning support Our technical team receives great feedback and is top rated by independent review platforms such as Hostadvice or Trustpilot. More about Datacenter Promotions and offers Virtual Private Server Windows KVM 5 68.40€ / mo. Old price: 72.00€ / mo. Save 3.60€ / mo. Get start with your own Virtual Server CPU 6 vCPU RAM 12 GB Storage 240 GB NVMe Configure POPULAR Dedicated Server Dual-E5v4D26+ 123.00€ / mo. Old price: 143.00€ / mo. Save 20.00€ / mo. Full server all to yourself. More storage, more power. CPU Xeon E5-2600v3/v4 RAM Up to 512GB Storage 6xSSD Configure Dedicated Server Dual-E5v4D26Q 100.00€ / mo. Full server all to yourself. More storage, more power. CPU Xeon E5-2600v3/v4 RAM Up to 512GB Storage 6xSSD Configure Clients reviews The technique support Silvetras provided me high quality of service. He patiently teach me and help me installed WP and personal website. I am appreciate that this supporter delivery me a good service. I hope the boss can increase his salary. He is honest and kind-hearted guy I never met before. Thanks he xiao As I am a happy and very satisified customer of Bacloud for quite some time now,
                I need to write a review about their superb service and support. The Bacloud sales team is always ready to help you to find the perfect server arrangement
                for every custom need you might have and also is always ready to negotiate a good price with you. Johannes from Decentris I am very happy and satisfied to have chosen bacloud as my new server provider, the prices are really fair and the support is amazing! Friendly, competent and fast responses for every request I made so far! I definately recommend to try bacloud. Alexander Schmidt I have been a company customer for five months, and I have two Dedicated Servers, I see that the prices they provide are very excellent, the support service is fast, and the Products and Services are many. Erduran m More reviews on HostAdvice More reviews on TrustPilot Blog posts 22nd Dec 2025 cPanel 2026: What’s New & What Website Owners Should Expect cPanel has earned a reputation for annual price hikes, and 2026 is no exception. As has become tradition, cPanel announced another round of... Read More 22nd Dec 2025 What Is NPROC and Why It Matters for Website Performance? In Linux-based hosting, managing resources is critical to ensure stability and performance. One often-mentioned resource limit is nproc, short... Read More 16th Dec 2025 Do CPU Benchmarks Tell the Whole Story for Server Performance? Choosing a server CPU often starts with comparing benchmark numbers – single-thread scores, multi-thread throughput, efficiency, etc. These... Read More More blog posts +370 700 35001 +44 20 8073 0555 +1 312 680 3555 Sales: [email protected] Support: [email protected] Products & Services Dedicated Servers Windows VPS Linux VPS Hosting Backups Domains Company About Datacenter Terms of Service Refund Policy Privacy Policy Blog Career Resources Affiliates Payment Methods Knowledgebase API Documentation Downloads Show more Specialised Web3 Infrastructure MikroTik VPS Hosting Services WordPress VPS Windows Terminal Server Windows 2025 Server Windows Remote Server Nextcloud VPS Python VPS SEO VPS Intel Dedicated Server Linux Dedicated Server Windows Dedicated Server Popular cPanel VPS Unmanaged VPS Cloud VPS KVM VPS AlmaLinux VPS Ubuntu VPS DirectAdmin VPS Cheap VPS Bitcoin VPS Crypto VPS Gaming Game VPS Fortnite Server Hosting Minecraft Server Hosting CS2 Server Hosting Solutions Proxmox Dedicated Server Hyper-V Dedicated Server AMD EPYC Dedicated Server AMD Ryzen Dedicated Server Forex VPS RDP Magento VPS Blockchain Server Hosting Solana Server Hosting Bitcoin Dedicated Server Crypto Dedicated Server Copyright © 2025 BaCloud.com. All Rights Reserved. × Close Loading... Loading... Close Submit × Choose language العربية Azerbaijani Català 中文 Hrvatski Čeština Dansk Nederlands English Estonian Persian Français Deutsch עברית Magyar Italiano Lithuanian Macedonian Norwegian Português Português Română Русский Español Svenska Türkçe Українська Choose Currency $ USD EUR Apply Service agreement updated! Please review and confirm the updated Service agreement. Thank you in advance! Updated: Service provision agreement - 3. Rights and obligations of the parties Service agreement in PDF format or menu Services > View Service agreement I read the Service agreement I Agree Generate Password × Please enter a number between 8 and 64 for the password length Password Length Generated Password Generate new password Copy Close Copy to clipboard and Insert