Home - Bafta Jump to main content Access Sitemap Open Accesibility Settings About Support BAFTA BAFTA albert Contact Locations View Locations Scotland Wales North America Member Login Venue Hire Member Login Venue Hire Programmes We want people, from all backgrounds to achieve their creative dreams. Find out what programmes we have available to help. Our Programmes All programmes Programmes For: Get creative with Young BAFTA Access early career support Progress your career Explore useful resources News BAFTA’s year of support in numbers BAFTA’s year of support in numbers Membership An essential industry membership that gives you the chance to be part of an inspiring global film, games and TV community. Membership Memberships: Full Voting Connect Scotland Cymru North America Resource Championing accessibility: The Assembly Championing accessibility: The Assembly Awards Celebrating the very best creative talent from the worlds of film, games and TV. BAFTA Awards Awards: Film Games Television TV Craft Cymru Scotland Quick Links Information and Rules Public FAQs Awards Database Awards Blue Zoo: Special Award 2025 Blue Zoo: Special Award 2025 Events Stories Categories Awards Young BAFTA News Resource Gallery BAFTA's year in pictures 2025 BAFTA's year in pictures 2025 News BAFTA’s year of support in numbers BAFTA’s year of support in numbers About Support BAFTA BAFTA albert Contact Locations Scotland Wales North America Search Quicklinks Princess Anne Theatre Yugo Pedro Almodovar Royal Connections BAFTA The arts charity for film, games and TV Programmes Membership Awards Events Stories We want people, from all backgrounds to achieve their creative dreams. Find out what programmes we have available to help. Our Programmes All programmes Programmes For: Get creative with Young BAFTA Access early career support Progress your career Explore useful resources News BAFTA’s year of support in numbers BAFTA’s year of support in numbers An essential industry membership that gives you the chance to be part of an inspiring global film, games and TV community. Membership Memberships: Full Voting Connect Scotland Cymru North America Resource Championing accessibility: The Assembly Championing accessibility: The Assembly Celebrating the very best creative talent from the worlds of film, games and TV. BAFTA Awards Awards: Film Games Television TV Craft Cymru Scotland Awards Blue Zoo: Special Award 2025 Blue Zoo: Special Award 2025 Quick Links Information and Rules Public FAQs Awards Database Gallery BAFTA's year in pictures 2025 BAFTA's year in pictures 2025 News BAFTA’s year of support in numbers BAFTA’s year of support in numbers Awards Blue Zoo: Special Award 2025 Blue Zoo: Special Award 2025 Awards The Best Video Games of 2025 The Best Video Games of 2025 Games What’s next for the games industry? What’s next for the games industry? Categories Awards Young BAFTA News Resource Search Quicklinks Princess Anne Theatre Yugo Pedro Almodovar Royal Connections Welcome to Bafta's Homepage Centred hero Featured 2026 BAFTA Games Awards Longlist See the list 2025's UK BAFTA Breakthroughs Meet the 2025 Cohort Credit: BAFTA/Hollie Fernando 2025's US BAFTA Breakthroughs Meet the 2025 Cohort Credit: BAFTA/Lee Jameson 2025 BAFTA Scotland Awards See the winners Carlo Paloni - BAFTA via Getty Images 2025 BAFTA Cymru Awards Winners See the winners Credit: Stuart Wilson/ Getty Images for BAFTA BAFTA Games in Concert on tour Find tickets Credit: BAFTA Latest Stories Gallery BAFTA's year in pictures 2025 BAFTA's year in pictures 2025 News BAFTA’s year of support in numbers BAFTA’s year of support in numbers Awards Blue Zoo: Special Award 2025 Blue Zoo: Special Award 2025 Awards The Best Video Games of 2025 The Best Video Games of 2025 Games What’s next for the games industry? What’s next for the games industry? View all Latest Inspiring, Supporting and Celebrating Creatives BAFTA is an independent arts charity. World famous for our Awards, but that is only part of our story. We are also an academy that brings together the most creative people working in the film, games and TV industries. They vote for excellence in our Awards and support our mission to make the screen industries more accessible, inclusive and sustainable. Behind the scenes we work to break down barriers to opportunity. We inspire and support the next generation of talent through a rich variety of events, online resources and our year-round career development programmes. Winning a BAFTA can be life-changing. We celebrate stories and the hard work that brings them to life so that more audiences can experience and enjoy them. And our culture is all the richer for it. Find out more about BAFTA Sustainability on and off screen The creative industries have a vital role in creating a sustainable future. That's why the team at BAFTA albert works across TV and film to reduce the environmental impact of production. And encourages the creation of content promoting public action against climate change. The albert team works in collaboration with production and creative teams across the screen industries to create change. From online measurement tools and training to practical guidance, thought leadership and events, we have lots to help you on your journey to net zero. Explore BAFTA Albert Credit: BAFTA/Scott Kershaw Making a difference Championing future talent We are passionate about supporting the next generation of film, games and TV talent. Join us as we work towards a vision of the industry where everyone,  no matter their background will have the opportunity to thrive in the screen industries. Read about our programmes Support our programmes BAFTA Partners Brooks Macdonald Samsung Casillero del Diablo Don Julio P&O Cruises Hildon Water EE Deloitte Champagne Taittinger Netflix Open Accessibility Settings Accessibility Options We believe the internet should be accessible to anyone and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the broadest possible audience. Reduce Animation An independent arts charity and academy that inspires, supports, and celebrates creative talent. Subscribe for updates Enter your Email to subscribe for updates Email Preferences Close Thank you Receive inspirational content as well as the latest news from our awards, learning programmes and competitions, straight into your inbox! Email Address * First Name Last Name At what stage in your career are you? School student Higher or further education New to a career in film, games or TV Established career in film, games or career Other Prefer not to say Location United States of America Aaland Islands Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and Mc Donald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey  (Channel Islands) Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Kosovo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa (Independent) San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay USA Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe I am interested in (tick all that apply)... Film Games Television Quick Links BAFTA Awards Our Programmes Events Stories About BAFTA Jobs & Opportunities Support Licensing Contact Media Centre Partnerships Social Facebook Page X/Twitter Page Instagram Page Youtube Page TikTok Page Accessibility Privacy Policy Cookie Settings BAFTA is a registered charity. No. 216726