Artificial Christmas Trees, Christmas Ornaments & Spring Décor | Balsam Hill We use cookies and tracking technologies to improve website performance, provide services, analyze usage, and deliver personalized advertising. To do this, we share information with third-party service providers. To learn more, see our Privacy Policy . You can opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising through Do Not Sell My Personal Information . Enable Accessibility Track Order Clearance Up to 60% Off Free Shipping* on Orders $350+ Shop Now NEW YEAR DEALS COUNTDOWN Don't miss our deepest discounts of the year! Limited Time NEW YEAR, NEW DEALS Up To 60 % Off Now’s the best time to stock up and save for next Christmas! Shop Trees on Sale Shop All Sale Stock Up & Save Up to 60% Off Trees starting at $199 The Tree Shop ORNAMENTS starting at $49 The Ornament Shop Décor starting at $79 The Décor Shop Top Slider NEW YEAR DEAL Classic Blue Spruce Starting at $149 Grab this 5-star favorite before deals disappear. Shop Now Storage on Sale Keep treasures looking festive for years. Shop Now Meet Balsam Hill Sharing Joy Since 2006 90,000+ 5-Star Reviews 3 Million Customers Worldwide Why You’ll Love Our Trees Inspired by nature. Crafted with quality. Designed for ease. Now made with more sustainable materials. Shop Christmas Trees Quotes Module What Sets Us Apart Committed to Quality We offer the widest selection of premium, realistic trees—handcrafted with care and designed to last. Find Your Favorite Looks So Real Enjoy the beautiful look of a real tree with needles that are true to nature. Browse Most Realistic Trees Driven by Innovation We're working toward more sustainable solutions for the next generation. Learn More Backed by a 3-Year Warranty Shop with confidence with our limited warranty for your tree's lights (excluding burned-out bulbs), frame, foliage, hinges, and stand. Learn More Shop Now, Pay Later Buy your favorites now and enjoy flexible payment options at checkout. Learn More GOING FAST Best-Selling Trees Under $499 Shop Trees Middle Slider Shop the Spring Collection Ready to Meet Your Holiday Match? Take our quick 2-minute quiz and discover the perfect tree to light up your space. Get Started Get Started Looking for your Perfect Wreath? Find the right one for your home with our quick quiz. Get Started Get Started Free Shipping* with Branch Samples Preview the realism. Feel the quality. Order branch samples and enjoy Free Shipping on your entire cart. Shop Now Discover Balsam Hill Stunningly Realistic Branch Sample Kit Fast Shipping Buy Now, Pay Later Widest Selection Easy Setup & Storage BALSAM HILL: YOUR PLACE FOR PREMIUM ARTIFICIAL CHRISTMAS TREES, WREATHS AND GARLANDS "In the Christmas-decor-scape, Balsam Hill reigns supreme." — New York magazine's The Strategist internet shopping guide Celebrate the magic of Christmas with Balsam Hill trees that come with extraordinary details. Our trees have the beautiful look of real evergreens with lifelike needles that you never have to clean up. Choose from dozens of species, heights, and widths to find the perfect tree for your space and style. With innovative features from built-in lighting and Twinkly ® light show to easy setup options, setting up your tree is quick and hassle-free so you can get to the decorating fun faster. To make our trees as luxuriously convenient as possible, Balsam Hill offers premium pre-strung lights in clear, multicolored, and our innovative Color+Clear ® which allows the owner to choose clear or multicolored lights with the touch of a remote. Finally, an artificial Christmas tree from Balsam Hill has cleverly designed hinged branches and sits atop a lightweight, collapsible stand, making setup and takedown simpler than ever. A tree from Balsam Hill is a perfect complement to your Christmas decorations. And with over 50 different styles of pre-lit Christmas trees, pre-lit Christmas wreaths, and pre-lit Christmas garlands, Balsam Hill strives to offer a high-quality product to satisfy any holiday style. Read More Customer Support Customer Support FAQ Contact Us Check Order Status Shipping & Orders Returns & Exchange Warranty Email Preferences Do Not Sell My Personal Info BH for Business Design Consultant Service Request a Catalog Catalog Unsubscribe Submit a Review Accessibility Statement Shipping and Coupon Offer Details Avoiding Fraud Resources & Ideas Resources & Ideas Resource Center Tree Buyer's Guide Branch Sample Kit Tree Setup & Storage Tree Decorating Ideas Designs Seen on TV Blog Videos Company Information Company Information About Us The Balsam Hill Difference Our Sustainability Journey Store Locations Balsam Hill Studio In the Media Charitable Giving Careers Terms & Privacy Stay Connected For Expert Advice Call 1.888.55.BALSAM , Text 1.650.855.8663 , or Contact Us Shop With Confidence *Free shipping on orders over $350 applies to contiguous US orders only, with an estimated delivery of 2-3 business days. Delivery times are estimates only and are not guaranteed. Non-contiguous US orders may incur additional fees. COPYRIGHT © 2025 BALSAM HILL ® ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.