City of Baltimore Skip to main content City of Baltimore Start by searching i.e. "How do I pay my parking ticket?" Menu Search Close Enter terms Search 311 Services Payments Mayor's Office News Directory Events Subscribe Impacted by the Federal Shutdown? Get Resources and Support We’re launching a new website for Baltimore City! Check out the new beta site and share your feedback. Support for Residents During the Federal Shutdown Charm City Clean Key Bridge Response 2024 Action Plan Jobs Payments Accessibility Services Visit Baltimore BoP Pass Fair Election Fund Brooklyn Homes After Action Reports Comprehensive Violence Prevention Plan Biennial Update Water 4 All Executive Orders Blockchain Property Search Vacants Review Memo Mayor's HBCU Fellowship Initiative Recent News Latest News, Media and Events Mayor Brandon M. Scott Announces Underground Fire Investigation Results Mayor Brandon M. Scott announced that RTI Group LLC, the forensic consultant engaged to investigate the cause of recent fires in the City's underground conduit system, has completed its review and released its conclusions and recommendations. Mayor Brandon M. Scott Announces New Appointments, Personnel Changes Mayor Brandon M. Scott announced several new appointments and hires within the Mayor's Office, including promotions and a new hire within the Mayor's Office of Arts, Culture, and Entertainment (MOACE). Mayor Brandon M. Scott Announces Baltimore City's Lawsuit Against Dave, Inc. For Unfair and Deceptive Practices Mayor Brandon M. Scott announced that the City of Baltimore filed a lawsuit against Dave, Inc. ("Dave"), a digital lending platform, for misleading marketing and usurious interest charges that trap some of the most financially precarious residents in an exploitative cycle of debt. Mayor Brandon M. Scott Releases 2026 Legislative Priorities Mayor Brandon M. Scott released his 2026 Legislative Priorities ahead of the upcoming General Assembly, which will convene on Wednesday, January 14, 2026. Mayor Brandon M. Scott Announces Baltimore City's First Project Labor Agreement in Partnership with Baltimore-D.C. Metro Building Trades Council Mayor Brandon M. Scott, Department of Public Works Director Matthew Garbark, and the Baltimore-D.C. Metro Building Trades Council have announced a deal reached to establish the City of Baltimore's first project labor agreement. View the Newsroom Mayor Brandon M. Scott Brandon M. Scott is the 52nd Mayor of Baltimore City, and the youngest person elected to the position in over a century. Mayor Scott is committed to ending gun violence, restoring public trust in local government, and building a more equitable Baltimore for families to thrive. Contact the Mayor Mayor Scott's Bio Human Trafficking GET HELP National Human Trafficking Hotline 24/7 Confidential For more information on human trafficking in Maryland click here . Property Claims Reporting Do you need to report damage to City-owned property; including contents? Click here to submit your report . Please note your submission will be reviewed within 1 business day. Should you have any questions regarding the status of a previously reported incident please contact the Bureau of Risk Management via email by clicking here .  Please include your Confirmation of Submission ID or Claim Number. Please note: Damage to non-city property, such as resident's home or automobile, MUST be reported in person or by certified mail to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) located at 7 E. Redwood Street, 6th Floor Baltimore, MD 21202 How Do I? Transportation & Streets Trash, Recycling, Water Property, Housing, Development Business & Finance Social & Civic Services Government & Civil Services Public Safety & Law Sustainability, Resiliency, Floodplain Culture & Recreation See All Answers Request a 311 Service Housing - Trash/Weeds Illegal Parking Complaint 48 Hour Parking Complaint Bulk Trash Pick Up Dirty Street Cleaning Dirty Alley Cleaning Illegal Dumping Water Leak (Exterior) City Trash or Recycling Cart Lost/Stolen 311 Services Sign up for updates Want to receive City updates via email? Subscribe Subscribe City of Baltimore City Hall - Room 250 100 N. Holliday St, Baltimore, MD 21202 City Operator: (410) 396-3100 Accessibility Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Name * Email * Message * Leave this field blank CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Send Copyright © 2024 City of Baltimore All Rights Reserved.