Skip to content
All Sections
Subscribe Now
Home Page
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Sun Insider
eNewspaper
Daily Sun
Evening Edition
Carroll County Times
Capital Gazette
The Aegis
Advertise with Us
Advertise
Classified
Homes
Jobs
Special Sections
News
News
Latest
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Elections
Environment
Health
Lottery
Marijuana
Nation
Politics
Sun Investigates
World
Carroll County Times
Carroll County Times
eNewspaper
Education
High School Sports
News
Opinion
Obituaries
Submit News
The Aegis
The Aegis
eNewspaper
Aegis Opinion
Aegis Sports
Harford Magazine
Local News
Local News
Maryland
Anne Arundel County
Baltimore City
Baltimore County
Carroll County Times
Harford County – The Aegis
Howard County
Eastern Shore
Sports
Sports
Baltimore Orioles
Baltimore Ravens
Olympics
High School Sports
College Sports
Terps
Horse Racing
Business
Business
Autos
Best Reviews
Real Estate
Top Workplaces
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Dan Rodricks
Op-Ed
Readers Respond
Submit Letter to the Editor
Submit Op-Ed
News Obituaries
News Obituaries
Death Notices
How to submit a death notice
Things To Do
Things To Do
Arts
Entertainment
Events
Food and Drink
Home and Garden
Horoscopes
Fun and Games
Movies
Music
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in
55°F
Monday, December 29th 2025

Baltimore Sun eNewspaper

eNewspaper
Latest Headlines
Sports
News Obituaries
Death Notices
Things To Do
Opinion
Weather

DON'T MISS:

 US, state politics poll
 Baltimore Sun’s Best
 Lamar Jackson poll
 Top Workplaces winners
 Baltimore homicide map
 BMore Football podcasts
Featured
Newly retired Baltimore County SWAT team leader opens up about the challenges of policing
Newly retired Baltimore County SWAT team leader opens up about the challenges of policing
Maryland has accumulated $2.76 billion in unclaimed money. Is any yours?
32-year-old man identified after fatally shot on birthday in Federal Hill, police say
After 3 tries in Maryland, bottle bill backers hope to pass plastic refund program
Childhood chaos inspires Baltimore woman to help children of parents struggling with drug use
LATEST HEADLINES
Baltimore weather: Chance of snow on New Year’s 3 minutes ago
A neighborhood political rivalry in 2026; memorable political quotes from 2025 | BACKCHANNEL 5 hours ago
Anne Arundel County trials to keep an eye out for in 2026 5 hours ago
11 Baltimore restaurants with special eats, drinks, parties on New Year’s Eve 5 hours ago
10-plus new Anne Arundel restaurants set to open in 2026 5 hours ago
Orioles sign Zach Eflin to 1-year, $10M deal with option for 2027: sources 12 hours ago
Maryland men’s basketball gets back on track with 73-58 win over Old Dominion 12 hours ago

Sign up for email newsletters

SIGN UP
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Ravens to play Steelers for AFC North title on ‘Sunday Night Football’
Ravens to play Steelers for AFC North title on 'Sunday Night Football'
The Baltimore Sun’s Ravens report card: Grades for 41-24 win over Packers
The Baltimore Sun’s Ravens report card: Grades for 41-24 win over Packers
Greene Turtle CEO talks expansion, Towson troubles as Maryland sports bar nears 50th year
Greene Turtle CEO talks expansion, Towson troubles as Maryland sports bar nears 50th year
5 things we learned from the Ravens’ 41-24 win over the Packers
5 things we learned from the Ravens’ 41-24 win over the Packers
Mike Preston: Ravens, Lamar Jackson are at a crossroads | COMMENTARY
Mike Preston: Ravens, Lamar Jackson are at a crossroads | COMMENTARY
Faidley’s Seafood family’s next chapter: Damye Hahn on Catonsville’s The Fishmonger’s Daughter
Faidley's Seafood family's next chapter: Damye Hahn on Catonsville's The Fishmonger's Daughter
Mike Preston: The Ravens have life. Thank the mediocre NFL. | COMMENTARY
Mike Preston: The Ravens have life. Thank the mediocre NFL. | COMMENTARY
1 dead from gunshot wound in Federal Hill early Sunday, Baltimore Police say
1 dead from gunshot wound in Federal Hill early Sunday, Baltimore Police say
Josh Tolentino: Derrick Henry saves Ravens, but what took so long? | COMMENTARY
Josh Tolentino: Derrick Henry saves Ravens, but what took so long? | COMMENTARY
READER POLL: What should the Ravens do with Lamar Jackson?
READER POLL: What should the Ravens do with Lamar Jackson?
LOCAL NEWS
Shoplifter with 7 thefts on his record pleads guilty to stealing from Westminster Target
Corona had 11 active arrest warrants related to similar thefts at the time of the crime, according to a release from the Westminster Police Department. 
3.3-acre expansion of Cedar Lane Regional Park in Bel Air will increase parking
Howard County’s 2025 Kwanzaa Celebration | PHOTOS
FOX45: Baltimore traffic restrictions for New Year’s Eve
SPORTS
Baltimore Sun 2025 All-Metro field hockey: Notre Dame Prep’s Emerson Ross is Player of the Year
Here are The Baltimore Sun's All-Metro field hockey selections, including Player of the Year, Coach of the Year, and first and second teams.
NFL playoff picture: Ravens stay alive, Bears and Broncos clinch division titles
The Baltimore Sun’s Ravens report card: Grades for 41-24 win over Packers
Ravens ride Derrick Henry to 41-24 win over Packers to keep playoff hopes alive
OPINION
READER POLL: Heading into the new year, how do you feel about the direction of state and U.S. politics?
As 2025 begins, are you optimistic or pessimistic about the direction of U.S. and Maryland politics? Vote in our reader poll.
A sensible approach to immigration policy | READER COMMENTARY
Maryland, my Maryland | READER COMMENTARY
Out with Kennedy | EDITORIAL CARTOON
FREE FUN AND GAMES
Daily Crossword
Jumble Daily
Daily Solitaire
Daily Sudoku
PHOTOS
Howard County’s 2025 Kwanzaa Celebration | PHOTOS
Howard County held the 2025 Kwanzaa Celebration at the Harriet Tubman Cultural Center.
Baltimore Scene by Sloane: Philanthropik 2025 Toy Drive
Ravens vs. Patriots, December 21, 2025 | PHOTOS
Baltimore Scene by Sloane: CFHC Annual Dinner & Celebration of Philanthropy
St. Frances Academy football team earns national honors | PHOTOS
Ravens vs. Bengals, Dec. 14, 2025 | PHOTOS
Army-Navy Game day | PHOTOS
SHOW MORE PHOTOS
MARYLAND POLITICS
‘Head-spinning time’: Maryland’s 4 new lawmakers reflect on their first year in Congress
As their first year wraps, Maryland's freshmen lawmakers all agreed: None were happy with how...
Baltimore approved $1.8 million on city employees’ travel in 2025. Here’s where they went.
‘The honeymoon is over’: Inside Wes Moore’s rift with Maryland Democrats
‘Rules apply to some and they don’t apply to all’: An interview with Kelly Madigan, Baltimore County’s outgoing inspector general
BUSINESS
Garden Q&A: Does Extension help with landscape design?
We suggest that you reach out to your local UME Master Gardener group to ask...
Grafflin Cook III, banker, outdoorsman and traveler, dies
Greene Turtle CEO talks expansion, Towson troubles as Maryland sports bar nears 50th year
More thrifting and fewer returns, the early trends that defined shopping this holiday
TOP WORKPLACES
Baltimore Sun’s Top Workplaces rankings for 2025
Discover the Baltimore area's top employers: Honorees for 2025 come from education, health, tech, logistics,...
2025 Top Workplaces large winners: Century 21 New Millennium, Fairway Home Mortgage, SECU
Top Workplaces large leader award: David Sweiderk, SECU
2025 Top Workplaces party | PHOTOS
LOCAL NEWS
Harford inmate dies after hospital visits; fourth custody death statewide this month
A 69-year-old inmate at the Harford County Detention Center died after repeated hospital visits for...
13-year-old Kentucky girl missing since October found in Silver Spring; man arrested
Go Bowling Military Bowl | PHOTOS
US Park Police officer struck, hurt after overnight crash in Maryland; 2 drivers arrested
BALTIMORE SUN'S BEST
Baltimore’s Best Arts & Entertainment: 2025 winners
The poll includes more than 550 winners in nearly 200 categories in six areas —...
Baltimore’s Best Food & Drink: 2025 winners
Baltimore’s Best Lifestyle & Shopping: 2025 winners
THINGS TO DO
Heidi Stevens: At the end of an imperfect year, a list that reminds us what tomorrow is for
At the start of 2025, Episcopal Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde led a prayer service at...
The Kid Whisperer: How to reinforce positive behaviors in the easiest, most effective and bizarre way possible
Ex-etiquette: Struggling with a bonus child
Ex-etiquette: Party plans
NEWS
Judge rules to allow an appeal to Utah Supreme Court in redistricting case
Judge Dianna Gibson has ruled partially in favor of the Utah legislature's most recent request...
Winter storm brings blizzard conditions and dangerous wind chills
China stages military drills around Taiwan to warn ‘external forces’ after US, Japan tensions
Trump and Netanyahu are to meet in Florida at a crucial moment for the US-backed Gaza ceasefire
SPOTLIGHT ON MARYLAND
Baltimore youth fund executive pay climbs as oversight lags on $16M taxpayer fund
The taxpayer-backed Baltimore Children and Youth Fund pays its employees, on average, well above the...
Some Maryland lawmakers want more transparency from taxpayer-funded nonprofits
A $2.3M Maryland home allegedly taken over by squatters leaves block on edge 
Who’s watching the money? Baltimore City Council debates oversight of taxpayer-funded BCYF
SUN INSIDER
Baltimore Speaker Series Presents Vladimir Kara-Murza [ENTRIES CLOSED]
Enter for a chance to win two tickets to see Vladimir Kara-Murza, Former Russian Political...
Events
JTF PUBLICATIONS, LLC
Capital Gazette
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Contact
Careers
Mary J. Corey Internships
Photo Reprints
Archives
Privacy Policy
Tag Disclosures
Sitemap
ADVERTISING
Classified
Public Notices
The Sun Store
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Baltimore Sun