Screen Recording Software: capture anything on your PC screen - Bandicam Bandicam Keyword Search Bandicam (Win) Bandicam (Mac) Bandicut | SDK Forum About Us Bandicam + Bandicut discount package! Bandicam Download Buy Now How-To FAQ Forum Keyword Search Ask AI FAQ Free vs Full version Types of Bandicam Licenses Purchase / Register Remove Watermark What's new in Bandicam 2025 Screen Recorder Record and Capture everything you want on your PC screen Game Recorder Record your gameplay and upload it to YouTube and Vimeo Webcam Recorder Record from any video devices like Webcam, IPTV, Smartphone, PS/Xbox Previous Next Free Download Get Full Version Screen Recording software for any occasion! Bandicam is a lightweight screen recorder software for Windows that can capture anything on your PC screen as a high-quality video. This app also makes it possible to record a certain area on a PC screen, or capture a game that uses the DirectX/OpenGL/Vulkan graphics technologies. Bandicam will help you carry out a screen capture with high compression ratio, while preserving the video quality of the original work, and provide performance far superior to other screen capture software that provides similar functions. Screen Recorder Bandicam can record everything on your computer screen and save it as screencast video files(MP4, AVI) or image files. Game Recorder Bandicam makes it possible to record various 2D/3D games with 4K UHD Video and capture up to 480 FPS Video. Webcam Recorder Bandicam allows you to record external video devices such as a webcam, Xbox/PlayStation, smartphone, IPTV, etc. Video Overview of Bandicam Check out this overview of Bandicam, the most advanced screen recording software. Main Features of Bandicam The features of Bandicam that help you get the best results Real-time Drawing Draw and outline on your video or screenshot in real-time. Add Webcam Overlay Add a webcam video of yourself on the video that you are recording. Scheduled Recording Start recording at a specific time on a daily/weekly schedule. Mix Your Own Voice Record the system audio and your voice at the same time. Mouse Effects Add a mouse click effect and animation while recording. Audio only Recording Record only the audio without recording the computer screen. Screenshots of Bandicam Click Images to view screenshots of Bandicam Get Started Select a recording mode Screen Recording Game Recording Device Recording Recorded video files Save more with the Bandicam + Bandicut Package If you have ever recorded your screen or gameplay, sometimes, you may have wanted to remove any unwanted parts of the video or merge more than 2 video files. Bandicut is an essential program for Bandicammers who want to precisely and quickly cut parts of videos and join multiple videos. Purchase Package Select language English 한국어 日本語 中文(简体) 中文(繁體) Deutsch русский հայերէն Azerbaijan bosanski Български Português Br Português Pt Belarusian čeština dansk Español suomi français ქართული Ελληνικά hrvatski jezik magyar Bahasa Indonesia Hebrew فارسی italiano Letzeburgesch Nederlands norsk polski română српски العربية svenska slovenščina slovenčina Thailand Türkçe Україна Oʻzbekcha tiếng Việt X Over 10 million people use our screen recording software. 4.7 | Google customer reviews Download Bandicam for Free Solutions Screen Recorder Game Recorder Webcam Recorder Video Cutter Video Splitter Video Joiner Products Bandicam Screen Recorder (Win) Bandicam Screen Recorder (Mac) Bandicut Video Cutter SDKs Bandicam SDK Bandicam Video Library Resources Blog Forum Affiliate Request a Quote Brand Resources Company About Reviews & News Customers Contact bandicam@bandicam.com Facebook Instagram X YouTube Copyright © 2008-2026 Bandicam Company . All rights reserved. EULA | PRIVACY POLICY Language ▼