The Future of Music.
Here Today

Make music anytime, anywhere. Connect with millions. Release your tracks and engage with fans — keep 100% of your earnings.

Get Started
@wickedbeats
As seen in
Music creation for all.

Record, mix and collaborate on your music projects from start to finish with our best-in-class and 100% free Studio.

4.7 ・ 81.5 Ratings
4.5 ・ 215.2 Ratings
Download APK for Android
Fast

Always ready when inspiration strikes with our fully functional DAW in your pocket or via the browser.

Unlimited

No boundaries to your creativity with unlimited multi-track projects and free cloud storage.

Social

Our game-changing technology will transform your workflow with up to 50 collaborators per project.

What’s the word?
I’ve been with BandLab for around 3 years now. And I haven’t found a single other app that compares. BandLab stands alone without exaggeration.
Celine Brown on AppStore
I am definitely addicted to this app. Far Better than the looping apps. Probably the best iOS composition tool around.
John Harrison on AppStore
This is my favorite music production app yet. Most have very limited functionality, have few instruments (or if they have a large variety, most are locked behind a paywall), or are difficult to use.
Kate G. on Google Play
Words cannot describe how thrilled I was when I found this platform. It is perfect for me since I want to be a film score composer when I get older and this is perfect because it has tons of different orchestral instrumental options.
Linda Hilton on AppStore
I’ve been with BandLab for around 3 years now. And I haven’t found a single other app that compares. BandLab stands alone without exaggeration.
Celine Brown on AppStore
I am definitely addicted to this app. Far Better than the looping apps. Probably the best iOS composition tool around.
John Harrison on AppStore
This is my favorite music production app yet. Most have very limited functionality, have few instruments (or if they have a large variety, most are locked behind a paywall), or are difficult to use.
Kate G. on Google Play
Words cannot describe how thrilled I was when I found this platform. It is perfect for me since I want to be a film score composer when I get older and this is perfect because it has tons of different orchestral instrumental options.
Linda Hilton on AppStore
I’ve been with BandLab for around 3 years now. And I haven’t found a single other app that compares. BandLab stands alone without exaggeration.
Celine Brown on AppStore
I am definitely addicted to this app. Far Better than the looping apps. Probably the best iOS composition tool around.
John Harrison on AppStore
This is my favorite music production app yet. Most have very limited functionality, have few instruments (or if they have a large variety, most are locked behind a paywall), or are difficult to use.
Kate G. on Google Play
Words cannot describe how thrilled I was when I found this platform. It is perfect for me since I want to be a film score composer when I get older and this is perfect because it has tons of different orchestral instrumental options.
Linda Hilton on AppStore
Sound like a pro. Get instant results.

Sound your best at all times with the world’s leading online mastering service. Designed with multi-platinum GRAMMY- winning producers and engineers. Lightning fast, no limits.

Get Started
Sample Track
Import Your Track
0:00
0:44
OriginalMastered
Compare Quality
Universal
Fire
Clarity
Tape
Try it yourself
Find the right sounds for your next hit.

Hundreds of thousands of professionally designed and curated royalty–free loops, samples and one–shots from producers all over the world.

Explore Sounds
Trending Packs
View More
Join a global movement of over 100 million creators and fans.

BandLab is the next-generation music creation platform used by millions around the world to make and share their music. Sign up today (it’s free!) and discover a whole new world of creativity.

Continue with Facebook
Continue with Google
Download APK for Android
Features
Membership
Studio
AI Tools
Effects
Mastering
SongStarter
Splitter
Sounds
Services
Promote
Distribution
Opportunities
Fan Reach
Pages
Company
About Us
Careers
Press
Contact Us
Community
Blog
Help
Music Rights
© 2025 BandLab Technologies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Browser language
English
Español
Français
हिन्दी
日本語
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Türkçe
Products
Apps
Blog
Log in
Sign up
Your privacy preferences
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website for the following purposes: measure your interest in our products and services and to personalize marketing interactions, deliver ads that are more relevant to you, analyze the use of the website and improve its performance, provide a better customer experience on the website, enable basic features of the website to function. To find out more or to opt-out, please read our Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy.
Got It