Bangor University Skip to main content Information for: Alumni Applicants Parents My Bangor Jobs Cymraeg My country: Select a country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (Democratic Republic) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (US) Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Main Menu Study Undergraduate A–Z of Courses Subject Areas How to Apply Already Applied Applicant Hub Fees and Finances Scholarship and Bursaries Widening Access Study in Welsh Part-Time Study Degree Apprenticeships Study or Work Abroad Work Experience Student Accommodation Pocket Prospectus Academic Calendar Postgraduate Taught A-Z of Courses Subject Areas How to Apply Fees and Finances Scholarships and Bursaries Executive Education January Start Part-Time Study Short Courses and CPD A-Z of Short Courses and CPD Postgraduate Research A-Z of Courses Subject Areas How to Apply Funding The Doctoral School Find a Course Open Days Postgraduate Event Applicant Hub Virtual Tour Order a Pocket Prospectus Student Life Student Life Student Life Home Bangor and the Area Social Life and Entertainment Student Accommodation Clubs and Societies Sport Virtual Tour Videos and Vlogs Your Experience at Bangor Student Support Skills and Employability Study or Work Abroad Fees and Finances Student Ambassadors Student Profiles Student Videos and Vlogs Virtual Tour International Choose Bangor A-Z of Courses International Home Why Bangor? Location Accommodation Student Support Contact Us Bangor University's China website Apply Entry Requirements Tuition Fees and Scholarships How to Apply Already Applied Study Abroad (Incoming) Exchanges (Incoming) Worldwide Partners January Intake Courses Your Country / Region Bangor University International College Find a Course Research Research Research Home About Our Research Research in our Academic Schools Research Institutes and Centres Research Portal Integrated Research and Impact Support (IRIS) Service Energy REF 2021 Research News Postgraduate Research Opportunities Postgraduate Research Doctoral Academy Events and Training Opportunities Researcher Development Royal Recognition: 2023 Queen's Anniversary Prize Bangor Research In Top 30 For Societal Impact In UK About Us The University About Us Our Mission Strategy 2030 Annual Report & Financial Statements Our Location Academic Schools and Colleges Services and Facilities Vice-Chancellor's Office Working with Business Working with the Community Sustainability Health and Wellbeing Contact Us Working for Us Job Vacancies University Management and Governance Policies and Procedures Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Management and Governance University and the Community Pontio Sports Facilities Conference Facilities Places to Eat and Drink Public Events Widening Access Services to Schools Business Services Business Services Business Services Home Collaboration Hub Collaboration Hub Conferencing and Business Dining Conferencing Facilities Business Dining Intellectual Property (IP) and Commercialisation Intellectual Property (IP) and Commercialisation News and Events News Current News Research News Student News Events Events Announcements Flag Announcements 140th Anniversary Public Lectures Open Days Open Days 2025/26 Mini Open Day - January 2026 Main University Open Days Change / Cancel Booking Prepare For The Open Day Main University Open Day Programme Accommodation Options How to get to the Open Day Open Day Parking Student Support Questions to Ask Undergraduate Subject Areas Welsh-medium Study Food and Drink Frequently Asked Questions Discover Bangor and the Area Postgraduate Event Event Information Book Mini Open Day - January 2026 Campus Map Virtual Tour Study Undergraduate A–Z of Courses Subject Areas How to Apply Already Applied Applicant Hub Fees and Finances Scholarship and Bursaries Widening Access Study in Welsh Part-Time Study Degree Apprenticeships Study or Work Abroad Work Experience Student Accommodation Pocket Prospectus Academic Calendar Postgraduate Taught A-Z of Courses Subject Areas How to Apply Fees and Finances Scholarships and Bursaries Executive Education January Start Part-Time Study Short Courses and CPD A-Z of Short Courses and CPD Postgraduate Research A-Z of Courses Subject Areas How to Apply Funding The Doctoral School Find a Course Open Days Postgraduate Event Applicant Hub Virtual Tour Order a Pocket Prospectus Student Life Student Life Student Life Home Bangor and the Area Social Life and Entertainment Student Accommodation Clubs and Societies Sport Virtual Tour Videos and Vlogs Your Experience at Bangor Student Support Skills and Employability Study or Work Abroad Fees and Finances Student Ambassadors Student Profiles Student Videos and Vlogs Virtual Tour International Choose Bangor A-Z of Courses International Home Why Bangor? Location Accommodation Student Support Contact Us Bangor University's China website Apply Entry Requirements Tuition Fees and Scholarships How to Apply Already Applied Study Abroad (Incoming) Exchanges (Incoming) Worldwide Partners January Intake Courses Your Country / Region Bangor University International College Find a Course Research Research Research Home About Our Research Research in our Academic Schools Research Institutes and Centres Research Portal Integrated Research and Impact Support (IRIS) Service Energy REF 2021 Research News Postgraduate Research Opportunities Postgraduate Research Doctoral Academy Events and Training Opportunities Researcher Development Royal Recognition: 2023 Queen's Anniversary Prize Bangor Research In Top 30 For Societal Impact In UK About Us The University About Us Our Mission Strategy 2030 Annual Report & Financial Statements Our Location Academic Schools and Colleges Services and Facilities Vice-Chancellor's Office Working with Business Working with the Community Sustainability Health and Wellbeing Contact Us Working for Us Job Vacancies University Management and Governance Policies and Procedures Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Management and Governance University and the Community Pontio Sports Facilities Conference Facilities Places to Eat and Drink Public Events Widening Access Services to Schools Business Services Business Services Business Services Home Collaboration Hub Collaboration Hub Conferencing and Business Dining Conferencing Facilities Business Dining Intellectual Property (IP) and Commercialisation Intellectual Property (IP) and Commercialisation News and Events News Current News Research News Student News Events Events Announcements Flag Announcements 140th Anniversary Public Lectures Open Days Open Days 2025/26 Mini Open Day - January 2026 Main University Open Days Change / Cancel Booking Prepare For The Open Day Main University Open Day Programme Accommodation Options How to get to the Open Day Open Day Parking Student Support Questions to Ask Undergraduate Subject Areas Welsh-medium Study Food and Drink Frequently Asked Questions Discover Bangor and the Area Postgraduate Event Event Information Book Mini Open Day - January 2026 Campus Map Virtual Tour Information for: Alumni Applicants Parents My Bangor Jobs My country: Select a country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (Democratic Republic) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (US) Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Search Close Breadcrumb Home Share this page: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Cymraeg Experience Bangor It's Even Better in Person Curious about studying at Bangor University? Join us on Friday, 23 January for a Mini Open Day and see university life in action. mini Open Day - friday, 23 january 2026 Explore the campus with our Virtual Tour Share this page: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pause Video Play Video Search our courses Search for a course Search for a course, for example... psychology|law|business|computer science|sport|nursing Study Level Select Study Level All Undergraduate Postgraduate Taught Postgraduate Research Short Courses and CPD Popular searches: psychology , law , business , computer science , sport , nursing Video: Your Future In Action × Read the transcript for the Your Future in Action at Bangor University video Text: THIS Visual Description: A sweeping drone shot over the Menai Strait, with Menai Bridge to the right and Bangor to the left. The Menai Suspension Bridge stands in the middle beneath a clear sky. Text: IS Visual Description: A student reads on a bench in front of Bangor University’s Hen Goleg building on a bright, sunny day. Text: BANGOR Visual Description: Bangor University’s Main Arts building, framed by trees in the city centre on a clear blue-sky day. Text: UNIVERSITY Visual Description: A close-up shot highlighting the architectural details of Bangor University’s Hen Goleg building. Text: Where ambition meets belonging Visual Description: A student stands outside the university’s Music building, looking directly into the camera and speaking to the viewer. Text: Surrounded by breathtaking beauty Visual Description: A trio of sweeping Eryri (Snowdonia) drone shots presented in a retro-style film projector sequence, showing Llyn Padarn in Llanberis, Yr Wyddfa, and a flyover of Yr Wyddfa’s peak. Text: You can’t help but be inspired Visual Description: A student walks past the colourful mural outside Pontio, looking directly into the camera and speaking to the viewer. Text: From serene spaces Visual Description: A sequence of five still images: – Six students practising yoga at Treborth Botanic Garden. – A student studying a tree at Treborth Botanic Garden. – Four students hanging out by the Menai Suspension Bridge. – A student paddle boarding on Llyn Padarn. – A group of four students taking a selfie at Aberffraw beach. Text: To adventurous places Visual Description: Footage of the Mountain Biking Society cycling at the Braichmelyn downhill track, with two students riding over a ramp. Text: I’m not just studying in a beautiful place, I’m learning from it Visual Description: A student walks through Shankland Library, holding a yellow book and admiring the surroundings. She pauses by a window, taking in Bangor’s cityscape, presented in a retro-style film projector sequence Text: Because learning here is more than lectures, more than books Visual Description: The same student sits in Shankland Library, looking directly into the camera and speaking to the viewer. She finishes by playfully covering the camera lens with her book. Text: It’s hands-on, it’s alive Visual Description: A student wearing overalls lifts a hard hat away from the camera and places it on her head, transitioning from the previous shot. She walks along the bridge to board the university’s research vessel, Prince Madog, and looks directly into the camera. Text: Shaped by the latest ideas Visual Description: A sequence of three shots: – A drone shot of the Prince Madog travelling toward Menai Bridge on the Menai Strait. – A discussion between three students and two academic staff members aboard the vessel. – A close-up of an academic animatedly engaging in discussion with a student. Text: Guided by those who dream big Visual Description: Four students and an academic train in the clinical skills suite at Fron Heulog. Another student draws blood from a mannequin in the Brigantia building. Text: Academics whose discoveries are transforming industries Visual Description: A sequence of ten still images: – A professor and two students sampling salt marshes at Henfaes Field Centre, with Ynys Seiriol in the background. – A close-up of the same professor sampling. – Two students analysing findings in a laboratory. – A close-up of a student using an anatomage table. – An overhead shot of the same students using the table. – Nursing students wearing virtual reality headsets during training. – A student inspecting a specimen. – A student in the ERP lab wearing a monitoring cap. – A professor and student holding a human brain model in a lab. Text: Tackling challenges Visual Description: A law student in a barrister’s wig and gown participates in a moot at the university’s Moot Court, alongside two peers. Text: Changing the world Visual Description: A time-lapse of an academic and two students using the imaging scanner at the Bangor Imaging Unit. Text: In classes small enough for my voice to be heard Visual Description: A student participates in a business seminar in the Co-Lab space at Pontio, addressing the camera directly.Followed by four still images showing students and academic staff in lively discussion. Text: In conversations that spark ideas Visual Description: Two shots of an academic interacting with students at the university’s Bloomberg Terminal. Text: In forging connections that open doors Visual Description: A sequence of three clips: – A drone shot approaching M-SParc in Gaerwen. – A close-up of one person speaking in M-SParc’s shared area. – A close-up of the other person listening and responding. Text: This is a place where my passions are nurtured Visual Description: The university’s basketball team plays a match at the Brailsford Centre, ending with a slam dunk. Text: Where I feel empowered to carve my own path, to follow my own dreams Visual Description: Video footage of two students walking up Dinorwic Quarry in Llanberis, one pauses to speak directly to the camera. Followed by three still images: – Two students walking toward Castell Dolbadarn. – The same students exploring Dinorwic Quarry with Yr Wyddfa in the background. – A close-up of the students smiling at each other beside Llyn Padarn. Text: Here I’m forming friendships - the kind that last a lifetime Visual Description: A group of students share pizza and socialise at a pizzeria in Upper Bangor, followed by two students smiling and hugging outside Pontio. Text: Being supported, encouraged, and lifted every step of the way Visual Description: A staff member chats warmly with students at Pontio’s Cegin Café. A close-up of a smiling student in the same discussion. Two students laughing together at Aberffraw beach. Students walking past the colourful Pontio mural, smiling and having fun. Text: In a place where I truly belong. Bangor University - this is your future in action. Visual Description: A slow-motion montage of all featured students smiling and looking into the camera. Text: Bangor University. Your Future in Action. Visual Description: The video fades out with an animated wipe, marking the end. Top University in Wales and #15 in the UK University Compare 2026 Welsh University of the Year and Top 50 in the UK Daily Mail University Guide 2024 Top 10 in the UK and 64th most sustainable university in the World Times Higher Education (THE) Impact Rankings 2025 Top 10% of the most sustainable universities worldwide QS World Rankings: Sustainability 2024 #1 university in the UK in the Unifresher’s Alternative League Table 2023 #8 university in the UK in the WhatUni Student Choice Awards 2023 #12 university in the World for Responsible Consumption and Production in the Times Higher Education Impact Rankings 2025 #25 university in the UK in the 2025/26 People and Planet University League Top 500 university in the World in the Times Higher World University Rankings 2024 From mastering the numbers in Accounting to exploring life itself through Zoology, our wide choice of subjects means you're sure to find the perfect fit for you. Whatever your passion, discover the course that will shape your future and launch your career. Undergraduate PostgraduaTE TAUGHT POSTGRADUATE Research SHORT COURSES AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (CPD) Video: Research at Bangor University × Our Research in Action Our Research Our cutting-edge research informs our teaching and helps advance our collective understanding of the world around us. Read More Royal Recognition Bangor University was awarded the 2023 Queen's Anniversary Prize for work on developing a novel system for public health surveillance. Read More Read the transcript for the World-leading Research video [0:01] Bangor University [0:02] is a research powerhouse, [0:05] A change-maker. [0:07] Our discoveries are shaping the world today with a focus on sustainability, [0:13] safeguarding the environment, [0:16] and promoting economic, social, bilingual and cultural vitality. [0:20] Our research is seeking solutions to some of the world's most challenging problems, [0:23] from improving health and wellbeing, [0:26] to advancing the global 5G economy [0:30] and finding the energy solutions of the future. [0:33] Partnering with policy-makers, industry, businesses, and communities [0:38] Supporting the Life Sciences sector [0:41] and human performance research in Sport Science. [0:44] Bangor is advancing technologies and resilience in nuclear power and medicine [0:48] through our leading Nuclear Futures Institute. [0:52] Tackling Climate Change with research into Low carbon energy. [0:58] Addressing one of the planet's greatest environmental issues. [1:01] Plastic waste and the overuse of single-use plastics [1:04] and protecting the variety of species and ecosystems [1:08] through biodiversity conservation research. [1:12] Our research on Wales, the Welsh language and linguistic skills [1:16] is inspiring a vibrant bilingual nation. [1:20] Our discoveries are informing teaching [1:24] enabling students to learn about research in real-time [1:28] Our researchers share an ethos embracing [1:31] courage [1:32] integrity [1:33] collaboration [1:34] confidence [1:35] and trust [1:36] with a global outlook [1:39] that is helping us make a real difference to people's lives. [1:43] Research [1:44] at our heart [1:45] since 1884. Research Success Stories See More 12 December 2025 New book explores how mindfulness can help people live and work with greater meaning in today’s fast-moving world 1 December 2025 A decade on, Wales’ opt-out organ donation law shows little impact, researchers say 12 November 2025 Bangor University researchers listed among worldwide top 1% 15 October 2025 New study highlights urgent need for action on domestic abuse in Port Talbot Take A Stroll Through Our Campus Explore Virtual Tour University News See More 18 December 2025 £1.4m investment secured to futureproof Brambell Building 17 December 2025 Bangor University scientist helps uncover why Europe may face up to eight months of summer 12 December 2025 New book explores how mindfulness can help people live and work with greater meaning in today’s fast-moving world 11 December 2025 Bangor University retains first-class award for seventh year running University Events See More Dec 30 23:20 Preventing Bullying in Schools Dec 30 23:20 Mini Open Day Dec 30 23:20 Miscarriages of Justice: The Post Office Scandal Dec 30 23:20 Holocaust Memorial Day Service Learn More Student Life International Study Accommodation Sport and the Great Outdoors About Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Bangor University Bangor, Gwynedd, LL57 2DG, UK +44 1248 351 151 Contact Us Visit Us Maps & Directions Policy Legal Compliance Modern Slavery Act 2015 Statement Accessibility Statement Privacy and Cookies Welsh Language Policy Bangor University is a Registered Charity: No. 1141565 © 2025 Bangor University