Bank of Canada Skip to content Home Search the site Search FR Change theme Change theme Change theme Change theme About us About us What we do Our offices Our vision History Contact us Corporate governance Board of Directors Our leadership Governance documents Accessibility A plan that shares how the Bank strives to be accessible to everyone Reconciliation Action Plan A plan to guide the Bank along its Reconciliation journey The Bank and you The Bank and you Engaging with Canadians Promoting economic literacy and education Educational resources The Economy, Plain and Simple Explainers Financial education resources Background materials Bank of Canada Museum Expand your understanding of spending and saving, discover your place in the economy and explore a world-class currency collection. What is a central bank? A central bank works to promote a country’s economic stability and its citizens’ financial well-being. Careers Careers Work at the Bank Scholarship awards Students and recent grads Work at the Bank Level up your career with us. Home Toggle navigation FR Toggle Search Change theme Change theme Change theme Change theme Search the site Search About us About us What we do Our offices Our vision History Contact us Corporate governance Board of Directors Our leadership Governance documents Accessibility A plan that shares how the Bank strives to be accessible to everyone Reconciliation Action Plan A plan to guide the Bank along its Reconciliation journey The Bank and you The Bank and you Engaging with Canadians Promoting economic literacy and education Educational resources The Economy, Plain and Simple Explainers Financial education resources Background materials Bank of Canada Museum Expand your understanding of spending and saving, discover your place in the economy and explore a world-class currency collection. What is a central bank? A central bank works to promote a country’s economic stability and its citizens’ financial well-being. Careers Careers Work at the Bank Scholarship awards Students and recent grads Work at the Bank Level up your career with us. Core functions Core functions Monetary policy Financial system Currency Funds management Retail payments supervision Featured Policy interest rate Unclaimed Properties Office Renewing Canada’s monetary policy framework Every five years, the Bank of Canada and the Government of Canada review and renew the agreement on Canada’s monetary policy framework. Retail payments supervision We supervise payment service providers under the Retail Payment Activities Act . We make sure providers meet risk management requirements and keep your funds safe. Markets Markets About financial markets Market operations indicators Market operations and liquidity provision Committees Canadian Foreign Exchange Committee Canadian Fixed-Income Forum Canadian Alternative Reference Rate Working Group Collateral Infrastructure and Market Practices Advisory Group Government securities auctions Schedules and results Rules and terms Forms and certificates Data Definitions and formulas Canada Mortgage Bonds View the latest data on the Government of Canada's purchases and holdings of Canadian Mortgage Bonds. Market notices November 20, 2025 Bank of Canada updates Terms and Conditions for the Receiver General morning auctions November 18, 2025 The Bank Publishes CORRA Methodology Review: The 2025 Sunset Review Final Report November 13, 2025 Bank of Canada announces restart of Government of Canada treasury bill purchases Bank notes Bank notes All about bank notes Backgrounders and explainers Bank notes past and present Bank Note Redemption Service Counterfeit prevention Multimedia Principles of design Research and reports Training and education Research and reports Access our research papers, public consultations and surveys related to bank notes. Our next $20 bank note We’ve started the design process for the new $20 bank note featuring His Majesty King Charles III. See more about the new note and our design process. Publications Publications All publications Annual Report The Economy, Plain and Simple Monetary Policy Report Quarterly Financial Report Summary of deliberations Economic survey results Business Outlook Survey Canadian Survey of Consumer Expectations Market Participants Survey Senior Loan Officer Survey Financial System Hub Financial Stability Report Financial system efficiency Financial System Survey Financial stability indicators Monetary Policy Report—October 2025 Canada’s economy is adjusting to tariffs and the sharp drop in demand for exports. The reconfiguration of global trade and domestic production is leading to higher costs. Total inflation has been around 2%, while underlying inflation remains about 2½%. Research Research All research Staff analytical notes Staff discussion papers Staff working papers Technical reports People Research leadership Research staff Authors Awards Research paper awards Scholarship awards Fellowship Program The Governor's Challenge Collaboration Visiting Scholar Program Conferences and workshops Latest research December 19, 2025 Portfolio Rebalancing Channel and the Effects of Large-Scale Stock and Bond Purchases December 19, 2025 The Sectoral Origins of Post-Pandemic Inflation See more Press Press All press content Announcements Media advisories Press releases Selected media activities Speeches and appearances Upcoming events Webcasts Info Media contacts Blackout guidelines Principles for external communication News December 23, 2025 Summary of Governing Council deliberations: Fixed announcement date of December 10, 2025 December 16, 2025 Good money and your central bank December 10, 2025 Bank of Canada maintains policy rate at 2¼% December 10, 2025 Monetary Policy Decision Press Conference Opening Statement Speech: The Chamber of Commerce of Metropolitan Montreal Good money and your central bank — Governor Tiff Macklem speaks before The Chamber of Commerce of Metropolitan Montreal. (13:00 (ET) approx.). Statistics Statistics Daily Digest Exchange rates Interest rates Price indexes Indicators Banking and financial statistics Tools and resources Inflation Calculator Investment Calculator Official International Reserves Credit conditions Staff economic projections These forecasts are provided to Governing Council in preparation for monetary policy decisions. They are released once a year with a five-year lag. Search the site Toggle Search More than a bank. We are the Central Bank of Canada. Policy interest rate 2.25% Dec 10, 2025 Total CPI inflation 2.2% Nov 2025 CPI-trim 2.8% Nov 2025 CPI-median 2.8% Nov 2025 Previous slide Next slide What does the Bank of Canada do? Our primary responsibility is to preserve the value of your money by keeping inflation low, stable and predictable. Previous slide Next slide Webcast on December 10 Webcast of a press conference about the Policy Rate Announcement. Previous slide Next slide Webcast on December 16 Governor Tiff Macklem speaks before The Chamber of Commerce of Metropolitan Montreal. Previous slide Next slide Monetary Policy Report - October 2025 Canada’s economy is adjusting to tariffs and the sharp drop in demand for exports. The reconfiguration of global trade and domestic production is leading to higher costs. Total inflation has been around 2%, while underlying inflation remains about 2½%. Play carousel Pause carousel Don’t be fooled! We are seeing an increasing number of investment scams and deceptive articles mentioning the Bank online on social media. We never give financial advice, offer investment products to individuals or ask for your personal details. Find out more about recognizing and reporting scams . Subscribe to News News December 23, 2025 Summary of Governing Council deliberations: Fixed announcement date of December 10, 2025 This is an account of the deliberations of the Bank of Canada’s Governing Council leading to the monetary policy decision on December 10, 2025. Content Type(s) : Publications , Summary of deliberations December 16, 2025 Good money and your central bank Remarks Tiff Macklem The Chamber of Commerce of Metropolitan Montreal Montréal, Quebec Governor Tiff Macklem discusses the Bank of Canada’s role in ensuring the stability of money in all its forms, from currency to digital payments. He also outlines how keeping inflation low and stable ensures Canadian money retains its purchasing power. Content Type(s) : Press , Speeches and appearances , Remarks Research Topic(s) : Bank notes , Cryptoassets , Cryptocurrencies , Digital currencies and fintech , Financial institutions , Financial services , Financial system regulation and policies , Monetary policy framework , Payment clearing and settlement systems , Retail payments supervision December 10, 2025 Bank of Canada maintains policy rate at 2¼% Media Relations Ottawa, Ontario The Bank of Canada today held its target for the overnight rate at 2.25%, with the Bank Rate at 2.5% and the deposit rate at 2.20%. Content Type(s) : Press , Press releases December 10, 2025 Monetary Policy Decision Press Conference Opening Statement Opening statement Tiff Macklem Ottawa, Ontario Governor Tiff Macklem discusses key issues involved in the Governing Council’s deliberations about the monetary policy decision. Content Type(s) : Press , Speeches and appearances , Opening statements See more View this post on Instagram A post shared by Bank of Canada (@thebankofcanada) Subscribe to Market notices Market notices November 20, 2025 Bank of Canada updates Terms and Conditions for the Receiver General morning auctions November 18, 2025 The Bank Publishes CORRA Methodology Review: The 2025 Sunset Review Final Report November 13, 2025 Bank of Canada announces restart of Government of Canada treasury bill purchases See more Subscribe to Upcoming events Upcoming events January 1, 2026 New Year's Day January 2, 2026 Day after New Year January 19, 2026 Release: Business Outlook Survey and Canadian Survey of Consumer Expectations See more Exchange rates Canadian dollar CAD Press enter to expand the list of currencies. Current currency is USD Australian dollar Brazilian real Chinese renminbi European euro Hong Kong dollar Indian rupee Indonesian rupiah Japanese yen Mexican peso New Zealand dollar Norwegian krone Peruvian new sol Russian ruble Saudi riyal Singapore dollar South African rand South Korean won Swedish krona Swiss franc Taiwanese dollar Turkish lira UK pound sterling US dollar A modern browser with javascript enabled is required to view our charts. Alternatively, the data is available for download in: XML JSON CSV Share this page on Facebook Share this page on Facebook Share this page on X Share this page on X Share this page on LinkedIn Share this page on LinkedIn Share this page by email Share this page by email About Careers Accessibility Photos and videos Educational resources Fraud prevention Affiliate sites Bank of Canada Museum PSP Connect Unclaimed Properties Office Legal Terms of Use Privacy Access to Information and Privacy (ATIP) Info Source Connect with us Contact information Email alerts RSS feeds Social media Valet API Back to top Back to top We use cookies to help us keep improving this website. Accept and continue