Online Banking and Financial Services | Individuals | Bankinter Jump to the content area Individuals Corporates Bróker Capital Advisor Roboadvisor Searcher Searcher Header search box Searcher Searcher Header search box Branches and ATMs Open an account Customer log in Accounts and Cards Products Accounts Cards Tools Smart account interest calculator Payroll account remuneration calculator Account comparison tool It interests you Financial decisions for your accounts Switch Service Account management Paga Cómodo Direct Debits To Pay Bills Savings and Investment Products Investment funds Retirement Broker Alternative  investment Investment Services Treasury Bills Tools Fund finder Fund comparison tool Investment fund calculator State pension calculator Retirement savings calculator Pension plan and EPSV redemption simulator Regular investment calculator It interests you Analysis and markets Megatrends Regular investment Training: Investment Academy Markets Tax benefits Investment guide Mortgages and Loans Products Mortgages Loans Tools Mortgage calculator Mortgage comparison tool Mortgage subrogation simulator Mortgage costs calculator Personalised offer It interests you Financial decisions for your mortgage Real state portal Insurance Products For you and your family For your business Tools Take out life insurance Home insurance simulator Health insurance calculator Single insurance account simulator Services Single Insurance Account Services Sustainable Business Security and Privacy Individual retail banking Bankinter Family Young people Self-employed & Professionals Personal banking Wealth Management Foreigners and expats Main content of the website Bankinter wishes you Happy Holidays and a joyful New Year View holiday greetings Only for the accounts 1 /6 This number indicates the product risk, where 1/6 represents the least risk and 6/6 the greatest risk. Bankinter is a member of the Spanish Deposit Guarantee Fund for Credit Institutions, ensuring up to €100,000 per depositor and institution. First part of risk Second part of risk Come to Bankinter and take advantage of our interest-bearing accounts Salary account Interest-bearing account with no fees The only 1 salary account that gives you up to €680 in the first two years. Up to 5% AER 2 the first year and up to 2% AER the second year. Maximum interest-bearing balance: €10.000. You'll get a debit or credit card if you sign up online 3 . Apply for it online or at a branch until - , valid for the first 40,000 accounts opened. Find out more about the Salary Account Open account Salary Account Exclusive for new customers Digital Account Online interest-bearing account with no fees Up to - % AER 4 with no upper limit on the interest-bearing amount. No need to bring your salary or set up direct debits for your bills. You also get a credit card with no fees. 5 Open it online until - . Find out more about the Digital Account Open account Digital Account And if you're already retired... the Pension Account will surely interest you. Dual Mortgage The only 6 mortgage with two interest rates, combined from day one. You choose the proportion you want to pay at a fixed rate and the proportion you want to pay at a variable rate 7 . With the Dual Mortgage, you still enjoy the peace of mind of a fixed rate and the opportunities of a variable rate. Find out more about dual mortgage Combine a fixed and variable interest, simultaneously and in the same instalment. Switch to Bankinter Better together than apart. Bring your accounts, bills, funds and securities with just a few clicks. Switch to Bankinter Broker 0 service How can a zero give you so many advantages? 8 We've done away with our fees for buying and selling shares in the national market. Discover Broker 0 Bankinter Family For you, for your children, for your elders. For when you need us, Bankinter in family. Find out more about Bankinter in family IMPORTANT INFORMATION Legal text, Note: 1 If you open a Salary/Pension/Business/Youth Salary account online you can have a credit card or debit card, with no issuance or maintenance fee. This offer is available until - for new customers only and is compatible with all the other benefits linked to the Salary/Pension/Business/Youth Salary accounts. Legal text, Note: 2 Source: Inteliens. A comparative survey of 20 financial institutions carried out at the beginning of March 2022 on the conditions and advantages associated with salary accounts concluded that the Bankinter salary account is the only one that offers two free accounts, for any purpose, associated with a main salary account with high remuneration (5% AER the 1st year and 2% AER the 2nd year) and without any fees. The sources of information were: the Inteliens competitor monitoring financial observatory (Individual Retail Banking), mails to managers and calls to financial institutions as a real customer and contacts through social media as a potential customer. SEE SURVEY DETAILS Legal text, Note: 3 5% Salary Account : For new customers or existing customers who are not or have not been holders of a Salary/Pension/Business/Non-Salary/Youth Salary Account in the past 12 months and who have not received any interest on any of these accounts. You can only hold one 5% interest-bearing account and a maximum of two Salary/Youth Salary, Pension, Business and Non-Salary Accounts. To continuing enjoying the benefits of the Salary Account, you must have your salary (amounting to at least €800 per month) paid into the account, pay three direct debits per quarter, and make three payments per quarter with the associated card. Maximum interest-bearing balance: €10,000. 1st year NIR of 4.94% ( 5% APR ). 2nd year: NIR of 1.99% ( 2% APR ). Interest paid every six months. Example for a daily balance of €10,000 held in a salary account, calculated for an interest settlement period of 180 days (gross return): first six-month period: €243.62; second six-month period: €243.62; third six-month period: €98.14; fourth six-month period: €98.14. Total interest (first year): €487.24. Total interest (second year): 196,28€ . Offer valid until - . For individuals and residents of Spain. Legal text, Note: 4 Digital Account : offer valid for new customers who open an account at bankinter.com and who have not been a customer of the bank in the past 6 months. Maintenance fee €0/year. TIN based on the average account balance in each settlement period. Monthly settlement NIR 0.995% ( AER 1% ) for balances of up to €24,999.99, NIR 1.243% ( AER 1.25% ) for balances from €25,000 to €49,999.99, NIR 1.49% ( AER 1,50% ) for balances of €50,000 or more, with no upper limit. Below are 3 representative examples of monthly gross remuneration. For €10,000, interest payment of €8.29 per month. For €25,000, €25.90 per month. For €50,000, €62.08 per month. AERs calculated for one year. Legal text, Note: 5 Card with no issuance or maintenance fees. Legal text, Note: 6 Source: Inteliens. Comparative study conducted in September 2025 among 16 financial institutions on mortgage product conditions, which concludes: no institution in the analysed universe allows customers to choose the distribution between the percentage allocated to a fixed rate and the percentage allocated to a variable rate. The sources of information were: Inteliens Financial Observatory for Monitoring Competition, sweeping public websites, visits to branches and queries on social media (FB) as a potential customer. Read the study here. Legal text, Note: 7 The maximum percentage allocated to each of the settlement tranches may not exceed 90%, and the sum of both tranches must not exceed 100% of the loan's nominal amount. Offer for new mortgages. Legal text, Note: 8 Only applies to the continuous market. To access the service by ownership , you can use all securities accounts. When arranging the Broker Zero service, you must make available the securities in the securities accounts associated with the service so that Bankinter Broker can access borrow them at any time. Bankinter listens We are here to answer all your banking questions, provide technical support, etc. Contact us Enquiries about transactions and products: 900 816 833 ATMs and branches Customer service department Fraud Service Help Centre Inicio - Bankinter. You may also like Customer Service Area Fraud Prevention Service FAQs Financial Dictionary Financial resources Economy blog Fundación Innovación Online events Financial products Mortgages Salary account Loans Cards Pension plans Investment funds Tools Mortgage simulator Mortgage expenses calculator Retirement calculator Retirement savings calculator Fund finder All tools Digital brochures Useful Bankinter Investment Self-employed and Professionals Personal banking Wealth Management Non-residents Real estate portal Corporate website Sustainable Business Contact us Site Map Security and Privacy Accessibility Notices and charges Regulatory information Legal information Cookies Help Centre Español English Català © BANKINTER S.A. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Facebook Linkedin YouTube Twitter Telegram Instagram TikTok Bankinter blog WhatsApp