#1 Website Acceleration Software | Speed Kit Features Dynamic caching Accelerate personalized content Consistent browser caching Load content faster than CDNs Image optimization Minimize without quality loss Third-party acceleration Accelerate external assets Predictive preloading Preload what users click next Speed analytics Analyze your speed metrics Customers Pricing Resources Documentation Read Speed Kit instructions Blog Discover performance insights Glossary Learn web performance terms Content hub Explore our content library Partner program Start a partnership with us Partner directory Find trusted Speed Kit partners ROI calculator Calculate the ROI of speed Company About Learn about our company Careers Join the Speed Kit team Student thesis Write your thesis with us Contact Get in touch with our team Book free demo PREDICTIVE PRELOADING AI Make your website load instantly Convert more website visitors with an instant customer experience. Book free demo WHAT WE DO Accelerating leading brands Speed Kit is the #1 website acceleration software for ecommerce brands. "After a long partnership, we still highly recommend the great service of Speed Kit." Florian Bischoff, Chief Digital Officer 1.4x Faster site +2% More revenue Book free speed check "Speed Kit has been rolled out for 118 countries and achieved a 1.5x faster LCP overall." BMW Group 1.5x Faster site -64% Less image data Book free demo "Shorter loading times lead to improved business metrics including a sizeable increase in revenue ." Florian Nagel, Head of Consumer Solutions 1.5x Faster site +5% More revenue Book free demo Trusted by market leaders WHY SPEED MATTERS Time is money Minimize loading times. Maximize profits. USER EXPERIENCE Stop losing customers Speed up your user experience for happy and loyal customers. MARKETING COSTS Turbocharge your ads Improve your quality score, ad ranking, and cost per click. SEO RANKING Boost your search traffic Accelerate your website for better web vitals and rankings. REVENUE Drive more conversions Grow your website's revenue with a lightning-fast customer journey. WHAT YOU GET World-class website speed Speed Kit is your all-in-one solution. Dynamic caching Make personalized content like APIs and HTML documents cacheable. Learn more Consistent browser caching Deliver content faster than CDNs by utilizing the user’s browser cache. Learn more Image optimization Deliver pixel-perfect images without quality loss in the smallest size. Learn more Third-party acceleration Accelerate external third-party assets like Google Fonts. Learn more Predictive preloading Automatically preload content and pages that users click next. Learn more Speed analytics Analyze your website speed based on real user monitoring data. Learn more FAQ Frequently asked questions We leave no question unanswered. How does Speed Kit work and what is unique about it? Speed Kit employs service workers and dynamic caching to accelerate website performance. It functions by sending parallel requests: one to the Speed Kit service for a cacheable, anonymous version of the page, and another to the origin backend for personalized content. The faster cached version usually loads first. The personalized content is merged as it arrives. This approach, combined with advanced techniques like delaying JavaScript execution to prevent breakage, automatic cache synchronization, and browser caching strategies, ensures fast, up-to-date content delivery. Unique features include dynamic caching of personalized content, browser caching optimization, image optimization without quality loss, acceleration of third-party assets, predictive preloading, and speed analytics for performance measurement​​​​​​. What is the difference between Speed Kit and a CDN? While Content Delivery Networks (CDNs) primarily distribute static content from servers located closer to the user to minimize latency, Speed Kit extends beyond this by specifically targeting the acceleration of highly dynamic websites. This includes e-commerce sites that handle real-time product availability, dynamic pricing, and user-specific recommendations. In these scenarios, a CDN can only deliver static assets efficiently and cannot cache dynamic HTML resources, making a slow origin response of the HTML inevitable. Speed Kit eliminates this bottleneck through its browser-based approach, enabling the caching and acceleration of HTML resources for highly dynamic websites. Can Speed Kit accelerate dynamic sites with user-specific content? Yes, Speed Kit can accelerate dynamic sites with user-specific content. With its unique browser-based approach, it leverages dynamic caching and sophisticated merging techniques to ensure personalized content is delivered quickly and efficiently, without sacrificing the personalization aspects of dynamic websites​​. Can Speed Kit improve sites that are already fast? Yes, Speed Kit can further improve sites that are already fast through its unique browser-based approach, that delivers additional uplift on top of an already optimized website. Speed Kit employs improved browser caching, delivery of dynamic HTMLs, and predictive preloading to enhance the performance of sites that are already considered fast​​. Countless studies show, that even just 0.1 seconds of improvement in site speed can yield a 1% increase in revenue. Is Speed Kit compatible with my site or shop system? Speed Kit is compatible with all sites and shop systems, as our technology is browser-based. It operates as a layer on top of existing infrastructure, meaning it can enhance performance without requiring changes to the frontend, to backend servers, to CDN setups, or other parts of the infrastructure. How do I implement Speed Kit on my site? Implementing Speed Kit involves adding a script tag to your HTML-template, uploading a service worker file to your root path, and whitelisting our static IP range for cache validation. This process usually doesn't take longer than two hours and is designed to be quick and straightforward, ensuring rapid integration and immediate performance improvements​​. How does Speed Kit affect SEO and SEA? Speed Kit improves the Core Web Vitals which are defined by Google as essential ranking factors for the search results. Speed Kit especially accelerates the Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) to boost your site's visibility in the Google search results. In addition, site speed also affects the Quality Score that determines SEA costs. Therefore Speed Kit helps to reduce your SEA expenses as well. Is Speed Kit fully GDPR-compliant? Yes, Speed Kit is fully GDPR-compliant. We do not process any user-identifiable data except the IP address, which is hashed and anonymized as soon as it reaches us. Speed Kit uses subcontractors like AWS, Fastly, and HEX with GDPR-compliant setups and server locations in the European Union. Our Data Processing Agreement (DPA) describes all privacy details and is automatically part of the terms and conditions of Speed Kit. Still have questions? Our team will answer at the speed of light. Contact us GET STARTED Get a free preloading demo for your site We analyze your website speed, identify web vitals issues, and compare your competitors. Book free demo Product Book free demo Dynamic caching Consistent browser caching Image optimization Third-party acceleration Predictive preloading Speed analytics Pricing Comparisons Speed Kit vs Yottaa Speed Kit vs Fasterize Speed Kit vs Edgio Speed Kit vs SpeedCurve Speed Kit vs SpeedSize Speed Kit vs Zaraz Speed Kit vs Calibre Speed Kit vs Edgemesh Speed Kit vs NitroPack All Alternatives Resources Documentation Blog Glossary Content hub ROI calculator Partner program Partner directory Free tools Core Web Vitals check Competitor speed check LCP check INP check CLS check FCP check TTFB check Company About Careers Student thesis Contact Privacy Imprint Terms Legal © 2025 Speed Kit. All rights reserved.