Skip to:
Main content
Barclays Home
Personal
Contact us
Find Barclays
Search
Log in
Accounts
Mortgages
Loans
Credit cards
Savings
Investments
Insurance
Ways to bank
Help and support
Make money work for you
Everything you need in the palm of your hand, from a bank you can trust.
Personal Banking
Explore accounts
Get our app
Explore all Barclays has to offer

See how we can help you with current accounts, mortgages, insurance, loans, credit cards and savings accounts.

Current accounts

Find a current account that works for you.

View current accounts
Credit cards

Choice is the key to finding the right credit card.

View credit cards
Savings accounts

Whatever you're dreaming of, you can start saving today.

View savings accounts
Loans

Focus on the future with a personal loan.

View loans
Mortgages

Take a look at the range of mortgages we can offer to help with your plans.

View mortgages
Insurance

A safety net for unpredictable events.

View insurance
Investments

Whether you’re a beginner, an expert or somewhere in between – we can help you make the most of your money.

View investments
Subscriptions

Start enjoying your favourite subscriptions through the Barclays app*.

View subscriptions
Barclaycard Platinum credit card

Make it easier to stay in control of your money and move your credit card balances to Barclaycard Platinum.

Representative

24.9% APR (variable)

Subject to application and financial status. T&Cs apply. 18+.

Check your eligibility
We’re here to help if you have a residential mortgage with us

We’re supporting the new Mortgage Charter announced by the Government on Friday 23 June 2023.

Take a look at our mortgage support hub to see what help we have available.

Mortgage support hub
Money management

Learn how to take control of your money with help from our tips, tools and support.

Manage your money
Independent service quality survey results
Personal current accounts

An independent survey asked customers if they would recommend their personal current account provider to friends and family.

Great Britain
View full results
Northern Ireland
View full results

The Financial Conduct Authority also requires us to publish information about service.  The requirement to publish the Financial Conduct Authority Service Quality Information for personal current accounts can be found here

Authorised push payment (APP) scams rankings in 2023

Authorised push payment (APP) fraud happens when someone is tricked into transferring money to a fraudster’s bank account.

These charts use data given to the Payment Systems Regulator (PSR) by major banking groups in the UK in 2023.

You can read the full report by visiting  www.psr.org.uk/app-fraud-data

Share of APP scams refunded

This is the proportion of total APP fraud losses that were reimbursed, ranked out of 14 firms.

Read full report 
APP scams sent per £million transactions

This is the amount of money sent from the victim’s account to the scammer, ranked out of 14 firms.

For example, for every £1 million of Barclays transactions sent in 2023, £135 was lost to APP scams.

Read full report 
APP scams received per £million transactions: smaller UK banks and payment firms

This is the amount of money received into the scammer’s account from the victim, ranked out of all UK banks and payment firms.

For example, for every £1 million received into consumer’s accounts at Skrill, £18,550 of it was APP scams.

Read full report 
APP scams received per £million transactions: major UK banks and building societies

This is the amount of money received into the scammer’s account from the victim, ranked out of all UK banks and payment firms.

For example, for every £1 million received into consumer’s accounts at Barclays, £67 of it was APP scams.

Read full report 

Find out more about how we protect you

Open a Barclays Bank Account

Scan the QR code using your phone camera to get started

Scan the QR code with your phone or tablet, or tap the App Store or Google Play buttons below to download the app and begin your application. T&Cs and eligibility apply. 18+ and UK only.

iOS
andriod
Was this helpful?

Your feedback helps us improve your experience.

Yes
No
Return to top
Our products
Current accounts
Savings
Loans
Mortgages
Insurance
Credit cards
Help
Help & FAQs
Money worries
Report fraud or a scam
Report card lost or stolen
Access to cash
Site information
Important information
Accessibility
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Security
Find us
Find Barclays
Service status
Careers

Download the Barclays app

Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC are each authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.

Barclays Investment Solutions Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.

Registered office for all: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP

We have to use some essential cookies to make this website work. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile device. We also use other optional cookies to:
Analyse how you use the site
Personalise and improve your site experience
Deliver personalised content and messaging from ourselves and third parties
You can either accept or reject these optional cookies or select 'Manage cookies' to change your preference at any time. See our cookie policy page for more information.