Barclays Group corporate website | Barclays Barclays Home Contact Us Online Banking Search Menu News Back News News and Media Setting the record straight on Barclays' links to the defence sector News & Press Releases Investor News Barclays Consumer Spend Index Regulatory News Insights Back Insights Insights UK unlocked Sustainability insights Barclays' insights Who We Are Back Who We Are Our Strategy Our three-year plan Progress Update 2024 Our five business areas Purpose and Values About Us Our history Inclusion and opportunity Sponsorship Suppliers Innovation Leadership and governance Board and leadership team Our framework, code and rules Board Responsibilities Board Committees Auditor independence Section 172 statements Investors Back Investors Investor Relations Investor Relations hub Financial results Annual Reports Financial calendar, events and presentations Annual General Meetings Barclays Consensus Investor Relations Contacts Shareholders Shareholders hub Share price and calculator Dividends and Share Buybacks Shareview Barclays Smart Investor American Depository Receipts FAQs Fixed Income Investors Fixed Income Investors hub Prospectuses and documents Credit ratings Fixed income news and presentations Green & Social Bonds News Investor news Regulatory news Regulatory news alerts SEC Filings Barclays US LLC Filings Sustainability Back Sustainability Barclays' approach to the transition Barclays' approach to the transition Working with clients on their transition Financing clients' transition Scaling climate tech Barclays Climate Ventures Nature Explaining Barclays’ transition Achieving net zero operations Sustainability insights Supporting our communities Supporting our communities hub LifeSkills Unreasonable Impact Military & Veterans Outreach Rising cost of living Sustainability resource hub Sustainability resource hub Reporting and disclosures Statements and policy positions How Barclays supports the defence sector How Barclays supports the defence sector hub Barclays' position on the anti-defence movement Careers Back Careers Careers Careers hub Barclays boosts support to UK businesses and consumers with further £45bn lending C. S. Venkatakrishnan, Group Chief Executive, says lending increase reinforces Barclays’ investment in our home market, the UK. Read more Our news Barclays announces multi-year partnership with Scotland's national stadium Barclays will become the headline sponsor of Hampden Park, Scotland’s iconic national stadium. Read more Barclays to acquire leading US Personal Loan Originator Best Egg Best Egg is a leading US direct-to-consumer personal loan origination platform with a focus on prime borrowers. Read more Visit our news section Our UK unlocked insights 2025 in 25 Charts: Building confidence to invest for growth in the UK Barclays Strategic Policy Group has published a visual summary of the UK economy in 2025, using 25 carefully selected charts to highlight the key trends, challenges, and opportunities that shaped the year... Read more Consumer Spend Report: 10 spend trends that have defined 2025 Health and beauty’s unstoppable rise, savvy savers and much more, 2025’s defining trends rounded up. Read more Business Prosperity Index: 10 business trends that have defined 2025 Confidence, uncertainty, tariffs and the rapid rollout of AI, these are the 10 business trends that have defined the year. Read more Visit our UK unlocked hub Our Sustainability insights The Barclays Climate Tech podcast The ultimate guide to taking a climate tech company from idea to IPO. Covering topics ranging from securing investment, to hiring the right people and building a secure supply chain, join Barclays’ Daniel Hanna and Steven Poulter as they talk to leading climate tech founders and get the scoop on how they overcame different challenges and scaled their businesses, sharing lessons learnt along the way. Read more Empowering local government to accelerate regional decarbonisation Sophie Fry, Head of Sustainability Policy Development, explores how providing local government with greater resources, policy coherence, and access to private finance could accelerate regional decarbonisation and drive the UK’s net zero transition. Read more We have been thinking about sustainable finance the wrong way. Here is what actually works. Sustainable finance has focused on global mitigation and trillion-dollar targets but, at COP30, the focus shifted to a more pressing question: how do we finance resilience in specific locations, under real constraints, with structures that work.  Daniel Hanna discusses. Read more Read more insights Investment Bank insights View thought-leading highlights by our market experts and analysts from across Barclays Investment Bank. Q1 2026 Global Outlook: As goes AI... What’s powering global growth in 2026? Our Q1 Outlook breaks down the AI boom, China’s tech push, and Europe’s resilience. See what it means for markets. Read more Barclays Brief This podcast series is your weekly source for differentiated perspectives, delivered in sharp, scenario-driven insights into the forces shaping tomorrow - so you can make smarter decisions today. Read more Shareholder Activism sees busiest Q3 on record Our Investment Banking Shareholder Advisory team’s report shows elevated CEO turnover, increased board seat wins and the better quality of independent Director appointments. Read more Our IB Insights hub About Barclays Our Strategy We have a clear plan to improve our operational and financial performance, and improve total shareholder returns. To do so, over the next three years we will make Barclays Simpler, Better and More balanced. Read more Our Structure We are a diversified bank with comprehensive UK consumer, corporate and wealth and private banking franchises, a leading investment bank and a strong, specialist US consumer bank. Read more Addressing climate change We have a clear strategy to meet our ambition to be a net zero bank by 2050: by achieving net zero operations, reducing our financed emissions and financing the transition. Read more How Barclays supports the defence sector With increasing geopolitical threats, the provision of financial services to the defence sector is increasingly important.  Find out more about the work we do. Read more Policies Privacy Policy Cookie policy Website Accessibility Terms of Use News Financial results Annual Reports Press Releases Regulatory news Important information The General Data Protection Regulation Regulatory information Modern Slavery Statement (PDF 582KB) Terms of Use Other sites Personal Banking Business Banking Investment Bank Corporate Banking US Consumer Bank Private Bank International Bank Wealth Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC are each authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Barclays Insurance Services Company Limited and Barclays Investment Solutions Limited are each authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered office for all: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP