Bard College Skip to main content. Bard Bard Menu Academics sub-menu Academics Programs and Divisions Structure of the Curriculum Courses Requirements Academic Calendar College Catalogue Faculty Bard Abroad Libraries Dual-Degree Programs Bard Conservatory of Music Other Study Opportunities Graduate Programs Early Colleges Admission sub-menu Admission Applying Financial Aid Tuition + Payment Campus Tours Meet Our Students + Alumni/ae For Families / Familias Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Campus Life sub-menu Campus Life Living on Campus: Housing + Dining Campus Services + Resources Campus Activities New Students Visiting + Transportation Athletics + Recreation Montgomery Place Campus Civic Engagement sub-menu Civic Engagement Bard CCE Engaged Learning Student Leadership Grow Your Network About CCE Our Partners Get Involved Newsroom sub-menu News + Events Newsroom Events Calendar Press Releases Office of Communications Commencement Weekend Alumni/ae Reunion Family and Alumni/ae Weekend Fisher Center + SummerScape Athletic Events About Bard sub-menu About About Bard: Administration Bard History Campus Tours Mission Statement Love of Learning Visiting Bard Employment Support Bard Global Higher Education Alliance for the 21st Century Bard Abroad The Bard Network Inclusive Excellence Sustainability Title IX and Nondiscrimination Inside Bard Dean of the College Giving Search Search Information For: Faculty + Staff Alumni/ae Families Students Giving to Bard Quick Links Apply to Bard Employment Travel to Bard Bard Campus Map Join the Conversation Curiosity, idealism, engagement. Discover Bard Inquire Apply Bard College A private college in the public interest. Bard College seeks to inspire curiosity, a love of learning, idealism, and a commitment to the link between higher education and civic participation. Bard by the Numbers 1,900 undergraduate students 292 faculty 8:1 student to faculty ratio 1,210 academic classes 77% received Bard institutional aid $58K average aid package Academics at Bard Academics at Bard focus on giving students a strong scholarly foundation with our core curriculum, then encouraging them to explore individual academic interests. In the classroom, the level of academic discourse is high, and students are in close contact with scholars who are active in their disciplines alongside teaching. The College provides a beautiful setting in which students pursue their academic interests and craft a rich cultural and social life. Explore Bard’s Academics Division and Programs → Watch: Annie, a premed biology major at Bard, explores the Reem-Kayden Center for Science and Computation. Campus Life Inside and outside the classroom, the focus of student life at Bard College is on campus. From its historic Hudson Valley setting to its state-of-the-art science and arts facilities, the College offers an idyllic environment where students can enjoy a rich social life interwoven with their cultural and intellectual pursuits. Learn More About Campus Life → Photo by Jonatha Asiedu ’24 Civic Engagement Civic engagement is at the core of Bard College’s institutional mission, reflecting the fundamental belief that higher education institutions can and should operate in the public interest. Bard uses its resources to develop partnerships that address local, national, and global problems, reach underserved populations, and tackle critical issues of education and public policy. Visit the Center for Civic Engagement → What’s New at Bard Bard Professor Dinaw Mengestu Named President of PEN America Mengestu will assume leadership at PEN America at a time when threats to freedom of speech are on the rise globally. Read More → First Retrospective Exploring Betty Parsons’ Dual Legacy As Artist and Gallerist to Open at CCS Bard June 2026 Best known for ushering in the American avant-garde by establishing the careers of Barnett Newman, Mark Rothko, and Jackson Pollock, among others, Parsons also maintained a dedicated artistic practice throughout her life. Read More → Two Bard College Professors Receive 2025 Andy Warhol Foundation Arts Writers Grant Thompson was awarded a grant in the category of Books and Felton-Dansky was awarded a grant in the category of Articles. Read More → Photo by Chris Kayden Arts at Bard Bard College offers the best of both worlds: a traditional liberal arts college with exceptional programs in the fine and performing arts. In small classes taught by notable faculty, students work closely with top professionals in their fields. All students, whatever their major, are encouraged to take advantage of the College’s high-level arts programming and to cultivate their artistic abilities. Discover the Division of the Arts → Upcoming Events 1/12 Monday Levy Graduate Programs in Economics Application Info and Workshop 12:00 pm – 1:00 pm EST/GMT-5 Online Event 1/13 Tuesday Bard GPS - Online Information Session 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm EST/GMT-5 Online Event 1/20 Tuesday Arrival Day, Check-in, and Financial Clearance for Spring Transfer Students Bard College Campus 1/21 Wednesday Transfer Student Language and Thinking Program Bard College Campus 1/22 Thursday Bard GPS - Online International Applicant Information Session 12:00 pm – 1:00 pm EST/GMT-5 Online Event Explore Bard Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate students can earn a bachelor of arts degree in one of approximately 35 programs. Explore Graduate Programs Bard’s Graduate Programs offer specialized study in human rights, environmental policy, and more. Explore Bard Early Colleges Bard has been a national leader in early college education since 1979. Explore International Programs Bard offers its students a wide range of opportunities to engage in international dialogue. Explore Bard Network Bard envisions the liberal arts institution as the hub of a network that spans the globe. Explore GHEA21 Global Higher Education Alliance for the 21st Century is a network of diverse institutions committed to advancing access to liberal arts and sciences education. Explore 30 Campus Road, PO Box 5000 Annandale-on-Hudson, New York 12504-5000 Phone: 845-758-6822 Admission Email: [email protected] Information For Prospective Students Current Employees Alumni/ae Families ©2025 Bard College Quick Links Employment Travel to Bard Search Support Bard Bard IT Policies + Security Bard Privacy Notice Bard has a long history of creating inclusive environments for all races, creeds, ethnicities, and genders. We will continue to monitor and adhere to all Federal and New York State laws and guidance.