Barnardo's | Children's charity | Barnardo's Skip to main content Skip to footer Donate money Shop Search: site search Who we are Who we are Our history Our annual report Our strategy Our policy and influencing work Voice and influence of young people Our organisation Where we work Real-life stories Get support and advice Get support and advice Find a service where you live Support for parents and carers Support for young people Adopt a child Become a foster carer Get involved Get involved Donate Fundraise Volunteer with us Campaign with us Work with us Work with us Jobs Commission us Corporate partnerships Philanthropy News and blog News and blog News Blog Press esc or tap outside this menu to close Shop Search: site search Who we are Who we are Our history Our annual report Our strategy Our policy and influencing work Voice and influence of young people Our organisation Where we work Real-life stories Get support and advice Get support and advice Find a service where you live Support for parents and carers Support for young people Adopt a child Become a foster carer Get involved Get involved Donate Fundraise Volunteer with us Campaign with us Work with us Work with us Jobs Commission us Corporate partnerships Philanthropy News and blog News and blog News Blog They're waiting for someone who won’t give up when things get tough. That someone could be you. Let’s talk fostering today We’re here to help children and young people feel safer, happier healthier and more hopeful. Because when someone is by your side, that’s when everything starts to change. Together, anything is possible. You can help change a child's life, donate today. Payment options One-off Monthly Monthly amounts today £5 £8 £10 £15 Single payment amounts £10 £25 £50 £100 £ Donate Child poverty in the UK is increasing and this winter, the challenges are harder than ever. Nearly one in three children in the UK are living in poverty, which means winter brings a different kind of weight: Cold homes. Empty cupboards. Rising costs. And impossible choices. Behind the sparkle of the season, we see the worry of families who are struggling to make it through the winter. At Barnardo’s, we believe no child should feel left out. That’s why this winter and all year round, we support children and their families to keep the power on and the fridge stocked.  As well as bringing immediate relief, your gift means we can provide vital services all year round, so that families always have support when they need it. Whether that’s long-term financial advice, parenting programmes, or a space for a child to just be a child – it can all be life-changing. But we can’t do it without you. Please donate today. Barnardo’s and Wicked: For Good are joining forces We’re thrillified to announce Barnardo's and Wicked: For Good are joining forces, coming together for good! All children and young people deserve to feel like they belong, to find a place where they can discover their true powers. Together, we’re here to show them a world full of possibility, where their dreams truly are unlimited. Discover our exciting partnership! “My boys were so grateful to have presents to open on Christmas morning.” - Sammy’s story Sammy* is a mum who lives in Newcastle with her sons - Leo*, 16, and Aidan*, five. Last winter, Leo’s Youth Workers from our Base 128 Youth Service, Katy and Karen, helped Sammy to get support from the Barnardo’s poverty fund when she was struggling financially. Real-life stories Need help? We’re here for you I’m a young person Sometimes, things might get tough at school, at home or even with your friends. From ways to look after your mental wellbeing to tips about staying safe online and everything in between, we've got you. Get advice, guidance or practical support if you’re a young person I’m a parent or carer Family life can be full of moments that make you smile, as well as times that test your patience or leave you searching for answers. In our Family Space you’ll find plenty of practical information to help you and your family thrive. Get parenting advice and support I’m interested in fostering or adoption Imagine finally feeling like you belong. If you want to give a child a loving home where they can thrive, we're here to help. Get support with fostering and adoption Find a service Enter your town, postcode, area or keyword. Location Keyword Get involved Fancy a paw-some adventure? Join in with the Big Toddle a fun-filled, safari-themed sponsored walk designed for children under five - although all ages and abilities can join in. Host a ‘Toddle Together’ as a group if you are from a nursery, playgroup, childminders, or toddler group, or do a turtle-y amazing ‘Home Safari’ with family and friends. Let's toddle together to change childhoods and change lives for children across the UK. Find out about the Big Toddle ​​ Let’s change the way things work We listen to the views of the children and young people we support, as well as the insights from our frontline services. Then we make recommendations for improvements to the law, policy, and practice that will help change children and young people’s lives for the better. You can help us make a difference by getting involved in our campaigns. Campaign with us Stay in touch We’re building a movement to change childhoods and change lives in the UK – are you with us? Sign up to hear how you can change a child's life and keep up with our latest work. Sign up to stay in touch Up for a challenge? Change someone’s childhood while having fun and raising money. Whether you want to run, walk, bake, skydive or something else, choose from a range of activities or plan your own with the help of our fundraising resources. Fundraise with us Let’s go shopping Whether you shop unique finds or donate your preloved items to us, you can feel good knowing you’re supporting young people and families around the UK. Find your local Barnardo’s store or shop online. Shop with us Want to give us a helping hand? Whether you’re helping in our shops, mucking in at one of our sorting offices, or working with young people through one of our services - you can help change a young person’s life, for the better. Volunteer with us We're registered with the Fundraising Regulator and comply with their Code of Fundraising Practice and The Fundraising Promise. Find out more about how we fundraise . Clicking 'Quick exit' allows you to leave the site immediately. It will take you to the BBC weather page. Quick exit Follow us on instagram X (formerly Twitter) facebook youtube tiktok linkedin Contact us Newsletter Terms & conditions Cookie notice Modern slavery statement Privacy notice Accessibility statement Registered office: Tanners Lane, Barkingside IG6 1QG. VAT number 507477337. Barnardo's is a charity ( 216250 / SC037605 ) and a company limited by guarantee. (61625 England - see the governing document ). © Barnardo's 2025