Bates College | Lewiston, Maine Menu Search Admission Visit Campus Visit Virtually Student Financial Services Academics Calendar Course Catalog Resources Campus Dining Menu Events Map Alumni Alumni Directory Events Reunion Arts Athletics New Students Library News Parents & Families Strategic Planning About Us Purposeful Work College Store Community-Engaged Learning Equity & Inclusion President Sustainability Support Bates The Quad ‘With Ardor and Devotion’ Aligning who you are with what you do is the heart of the Bates experience. Learn About Applying Future Students Bates’ unique personality rests on the bedrock values of academic excellence, inclusivity, and social responsibility. Learn More Academic Programs A Bates education fosters intellectual inquiry and reflection, personal growth, and a commitment to the world beyond oneself. Learn More Calendars & Key Dates Explore key academic dates, campus visits, public events, class schedules, alumni activities, arts, athletics, and more. Learn More Virtual Campus Tours Take a virtual tour, learn about admission and financial aid, and speak with current students. Learn More Academics & Faculty Choose from 37 majors, 28 minors, and the option to design your own interdisciplinary
				major through the Independent Interdisciplinary Studies program. The Bates faculty is a dedicated community of scholars, scientists, and artists
				who prioritize student success through personalized support and mentorship. Learn
				more about their teaching and research, from first-year seminars to the senior
				thesis. Majors and Minors Faculty Dec 04, 2025 Everybody in the pool: The making of Metamorphoses Shortly after Courtney Smith joined Bates in the fall of 2024 as an associate professor of theater, he floated an idea for a production that was both over-the-top ambitious and absolute catnip to his colleague Sally Wood, a visiting lecturer in theater who was trying to decide what play to direct in the fall of 2025. More News & Announcements Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2026 schedule Top 10 Bates social media posts of 2025 New funding pushes Carolina González Valencia’s film toward the finish line Photographers’ favorites 2025: Behind the viewfinder All News @batescollege Learn more about what makes Bates unique Key Bates
			Facts Bates College is committed to the principle of equal opportunity and providing an educational and
			work
			environment free from discrimination. The college prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color,
			national or ethnic origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, age,
			disability, genetic information or veteran status and other legally protected statuses in the
			recruitment and admission of its students, in the administration of its education policies and programs,
			or in the recruitment of its faculty and staff. Bates College adheres to all applicable state and
			federal equal opportunity laws and regulations. See Bates' Policy on
				Non-Discrimination . Bates
					College 2 Andrews Road Lewiston, Maine 04240 Phone: 1-207-786-6255 Make a Gift Campus Safety Communications Directory Employment Sexual Respect / Title
						IX A-Z Index Privacy Policy Questions &
						Feedback Virtual Tour Previous Next