Cookies on bath.ac.uk

Cookies are little files that we save on your device to remember your preferences. We use some essential cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set analytics cookies to understand how you use this site so that we can give you the best experience possible. We use services from Vimeo, YouTube and other third-party services that may also use cookies.

The cookies used on this website are listed in our Privacy and cookie policy
(Opens in a new window)

ACCEPT ALL COOKIESREJECT OPTIONAL COOKIES
Necessary Cookies

Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas and are always turned on. They do not include any personally identifiable data. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.

Performance or analytics cookies

These cookies allow us to measure and improve our site's performance and make it better for you. They collect information about how you got to the site, the pages you visit and how long you spend on each page, and what you click on. Some of these cookies are used to pass on non-personally identifiable information to selected advertising partners to improve the effectiveness of marketing campaigns.

Performance or analytics cookies
On
Off
SAVE AND CLOSE
About this tool
(Opens in a new window)
Skip to main content
University of Bath
Staff
Students
New Students
Alumni
COURSES RESEARCH ENTERPRISE SPORT DEPARTMENTS ABOUT
University of Bath
A leading UK university with an international reputation for teaching and research excellence.
University of Bath placed 56th globally in QS Sustainability Rankings 2026

University climbs into top 100 international leaders for sustainability in higher education

Study at Bath
Making an impact
Supporting the community
Work at Bath
Collaborate with us
Study at Bath
A global university

We’re an inclusive international community – a third of our students come from outside the UK. We believe global exchange enriches learning and experience.

We’re offering up to £9.2 million for high-achieving international students starting in September 2026, with a range of undergraduate and postgraduate scholarships available.

Undergraduate prospectus 2026 request form
Master's prospectus 2026
Improve your employability

Bath graduates are highly valued and sought after by leading graduate employers.

Two-thirds of our students choose to do a placement or study abroad, helping them prepare for their careers through real-world experience.

International careers support

Find out about our careers support for international students.

Our research impact
Research with Impact

Our research is helping to improve the world. Through collaborative partnerships we're creating a healthier, more sustainable, and connected future for all.

Find out more about research with impact
Sport University of the Year 2026
Previous Slide
We are Sport University of the Year 2026 in The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide.
Next Slide
News stories

22 December 2025

Celebrating 150 years of Liberty’s DNA – fusing design, nature and art

Tamsin McLaren (School of Management) writes in The Conversation about the world-famous Liberty department store in London, on its 150th anniversary.

Read the full article

Article published on
22 December 2025

AI is solving 'impossible' math problems. Can it best the world's top mathematicians?

Article published on
18 December 2025

Can a basic income keep rainforests standing? University of Bath researchers are finding out

Article published on
18 December 2025

Bath psychologist Faith Martin to launch app to support mothers’ mental health following prize win
More from our Media Centre
Social media
Go to Instagram
Go to LinkedIn
Go to YouTube
Go to Facebook
Go to SinaWeibo
Go to WeChat
Go to SnapChat
Go to TikTok
Go to Xiaohongshu
© University of Bath 2025
Disclaimer
Freedom of information
Modern slavery statement
Privacy and cookie policy
Transparency information
Website accessibility statement