BattleMetrics JavaScript is required for some features of this website. Please enable JavaScript for the best experience. Home Servers Players Premium RCON Banners Alerts Sign In Register Toggle navigation BattleMetrics Search Game All Games 7 Days to Die ARK: Survival Ascended ARK: Survival Evolved ArmA 2 ArmA 3 Arma Reforger Atlas Battalion 1944 BattleBit Remastered Beyond the Wire Conan Exiles Counter-Strike Counter-Strike: Source Dark and Light DayZ Enshrouded Garry's Mod Hell Let Loose Insurgency Insurgency: Sandstorm Minecraft MORDHAU Myth of Empires Palworld PixARK Project Zomboid Rend Renown Rising Storm 2: Vietnam Rust SCUM Soulmask Squad Squad 44 Team Fortress 2 The Front Unturned V Rising Valheim Server Status Players to Max Distance km Countries OR NOT Countries Show Advanced Filters Hide Advanced Filters Search Blog Player Queries Player Queries and Global Player Matching database are now live.

Player Queries allow you to find related players and score them based on your
own custom rules. Continue Reading... 07/20/2024 Now Tracking Soulmask Servers We are now tracking all unofficial Soulmask servers. If your server is query-able we should be able to track it automatically. If not, manually add your server using the link at the bottom of the site. The game does not yet have RCON support. Continue Reading... 06/05/2024 Reforger Support Added Arma Reforger support is now live on the website.

A public server list and RCON support are both available. Both implementations are currently somewhat limited compared to Arma and DayZ. We hope Reforger will gain support for common features as it's developed further by Bohemia Interactive. Continue Reading... 05/01/2024 Using the Audit Log Do you want to see what your admins are up to? Concerned about a breach of your organization's data security? Audit logs are for you.

Many aren't aware that the audit log exists.

Audit logs are available for any information that belongs to an organization. Our API uses a unique resource name and id for information returned to a client. We log the action taken, the resource type, and id for every resource a user interacts with along with some other useful information. Continue Reading... 04/18/2024 Games 7 Days to Die ARK: Survival Ascended ARK: Survival Evolved ArmA 2 ArmA 3 Arma Reforger Atlas Battalion 1944 BattleBit Remastered Beyond the Wire Conan Exiles Counter-Strike Counter-Strike: Source Dark and Light DayZ Enshrouded Garry's Mod Hell Let Loose Insurgency Insurgency: Sandstorm Minecraft MORDHAU Myth of Empires Palworld PixARK Project Zomboid Rend Renown Rising Storm 2: Vietnam Rust SCUM Soulmask Squad Squad 44 Team Fortress 2 The Front Unturned V Rising Valheim © BattleMetrics LLC. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners. Contact Us Add Server Privacy Policy Terms of Service Refund Policy Powered by Steam Glyphicons used under CC BY 3.0