Uniting to Save and Sustain Lives | Baxter Skip to main content Utility Menu News Investors Careers Partners and Suppliers Contact Us Global Site Main Menu Patients Healthcare Professionals Perspectives Our Story Our Products & Services Search Search Healthcare Professionals Committed to helping you enhance your practice and the experience of your patients through connected devices and digitalised data sharing. Healthcare Professionals Primary Care Supporting every aspect of your clinical practice, including physical exam, diagnostic cardiology, vitals monitoring and vision screening Hospital Care Advancing products and technologies designed to speed patient recovery and streamline clinical workflows Surgical Care Delivering innovations that enable reduced operating times, faster patient recovery and improved outcomes Nutritional Care Personalizing nutritional care designed to improve patients’ health in the hospital, the ICU and at home Respiratory Care Helping your patients with respiratory therapies designed to simplify delivery and improve mobility Our Products & Services Our portfolio of acute, nutritional, hospital and surgical care products helps advance healthcare around the world. Perspectives For nearly a century, we have worked at the intersection of saving and sustaining lives. Perspectives Patients' Stories Patients’ journeys inspire our work and drive our commitment. Healthcare Insights We’re engaging with industry thought leaders to explore how science and innovation advance healthcare. People of Baxter We are a community of diverse professionals working together to drive better healthcare options. Community Engagement Enriching the communities where we live and work. Our Story Our 90-year heritage gives us distinct perspective on the needs of patients and caregivers. We lead today by putting those insights to work to deliver new, better healthcare solutions and access to care in the communities where we live and work. Our Story Our Leadership Our forward-looking leadership team is a driving force in ensuring we meet the needs of all our stakeholders – every day and everywhere. Our Governance We are proud of our strong commitment to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. Fueling Collaborative Innovation Nurturing a culture of innovation is critical to delivering on our mission to save and sustain lives. We partner with the healthcare community to continually find more efficient, smarter ways to help solve the world's most pressing healthcare challenges. Corporate Responsibility We strive to create lasting value by empowering our patients, protecting our planet and championing our people and communities. Inclusion & Diversity We are committed to attracting, motivating and retaining an inclusive and diverse workforce. Our History For nearly a century, we’ve been focused on saving and sustaining lives and elevating patient care. Patients Helping you reach a healthy life, full of possibility. Patients General Healthcare Whether you are receiving care in the hospital, at your doctor’s office or at home, we are here to support every step of your journey. Nutritional Care When medical conditions prevent you from adequately feeding yourself, we provide life-saving clinical nutrition options to help you regain your nutritional status. Respiratory Care We are committed to helping you with innovative products that deliver effective, proven respiratory therapy in the hospital and at home. Search Patients Healthcare Professionals Perspectives Community Engagement Healthcare Insights Patient Stories People of Baxter Our Story Our Leadership Corporate Responsibility Inclusion & Diversity Our Governance Our History News Investors Careers Partners and Suppliers Contact Us Global Site Our Products & Services Uniting to Save and Sustain Lives Redefining Healthcare Delivery We are everywhere healthcare happens – and everywhere it is going, with essential solutions in the hospital, physician’s office and other sites of care. Every day, millions of patients and healthcare providers rely on our unmatched portfolio of connected solutions, medical devices, and advanced injectable technologies to help deliver smarter, more personalized care. Together, we are redefining how care is delivered to make a greater impact today, tomorrow, and beyond. The future of healthcare is connected Healthcare is at a turning point. Clinicians face growing workloads, while patients increasingly expect seamless, coordinated experiences. Despite recent advances in technology, medical devices and clinical systems continue to be isolated from each other, preventing effective data sharing, creating inefficiencies and increasing the potential for gaps in care. The future demands better connectivity. 100,000 nurses left the workforce during the COVID-19 pandemic 610,338 nurses reported intent to leave by 2027 See how we’re connecting care Patient Story From Pump to Pup: Finding Comfort in 'Baxter' Izzy, a young cancer fighter and survivor, loves her dog, Baxter, named after the brand she saw on the infusion pumps that delivered her chemotherapy. Read More Healthcare Insights Technology and Service Support Chronic Disease Management at Home Conditions such as hypertension, respiratory illnesses and cardiac issues can be monitored effectively with innovative tools and connected devices. Read More People of Baxter The Power of Teamwork to Support Patient Care Teams bridged the pandemic and borders to bring an innovative ICU bed to life. Read More Healthcare Insights Supply Chain Innovation Delivers More Nimble, Efficient Solutions Leaders from Baxter speak about our evolutions in manufacturing and supply chain processes as we emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic Read More People of Baxter A Teacher at Heart After losing her parents to heart disease, Kim resolved to share her knowledge about cardiac monitoring with HCPs to identify potential issues early. Read More Healthcare Insights Dr. Chatbot Will See You Now What role will AI play in healthcare in the future? We believe there are realistic opportunities for AI to make healthcare more efficient and effective Read More Press Release Baxter Presents Real-World Data at American Society of Health System Pharmacists Meeting Demonstrating Smart Infusion Pump Electronic Medical Record (EMR) Integration May Improve Patient Safety and Nursing Bedside Productivity Read More Press Release Baxter Announces Tender Offers for 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes Read More Press Release The Baxter Foundation Announces $2.6M Grant to Advance STEM Education in Chicagoland Through Partnership with Northwestern University Read More Our Commitment to Healthcare Professionals and Patients We are committed to supporting patients and healthcare professionals with innovations that are driven by compassion for their journeys, a passion to improve care and the ambition to transform the future of healthcare. Products for Healthcare Professionals Primary Care Primary Care Go to Primary Care Supporting every aspect of your clinical practice, including physical exam, diagnostic cardiology, vitals monitoring and vision screening Go to Primary Care Hospital Care Hospital Care Go to Hospital Care Advancing products and technologies designed to speed patient recovery and streamline clinical workflows Go to Hospital Care Surgical Care Surgical Care Go to Surgical Care Delivering innovations that enable reduced operating times, faster patient recovery and improved outcomes Go to Surgical Care Nutritional Care Nutritional Care Go to Nutritional Care Personalizing nutritional care designed to improve patients’ health in the hospital, the ICU and at home Go to Nutritional Care Respiratory Care Respiratory Care Go to Respiratory Care Helping your patients with respiratory therapies designed to simplify delivery and improve mobility Go to Respiratory Care Our Products Our Products Go to Our Products Enabling clinicians to treat patients more efficiently and effectively across care settings, including in the office-based practice, inpatient care, outpatient care and at home Go to Our Products For Patients You are our passion. Your stories inspire us to work harder at bringing innovations that can make your experience easier, speed recovery and enable the best possible quality of life. Discover Patient Stories More For Patients General Healthcare General Healthcare Go to General Healthcare Whether you are receiving care in the hospital, at your doctor’s office or at home, we are here to support every step of your journey. Go to General Healthcare Nutritional Care Nutritional Care Go to Nutritional Care When medical conditions prevent you from adequately feeding yourself, we provide clinical nutrition options to help you regain your nutritional status. Go to Nutritional Care Respiratory Care Respiratory Care Go to Respiratory Care We are committed to helping you with innovative products that deliver effective, proven respiratory therapy in the hospital and at home. Go to Respiratory Care Bringing our Purpose to Life Our mission to save and sustain lives is reflected in our business priorities and our commitment to be an agent of
change at a global level. This means doing what is right for our planet, our patients and customers, our teams and
our communities. We put this commitment into action through high-impact philanthropy, diversity, equity and
inclusion, nurturing partnerships with the healthcare community and striving for the highest standards of corporate
responsibility. Our Leadership Our forward-looking leadership team is a driving force in ensuring we meet our commitments – every day and everywhere. Learn More About Our Leadership Our Corporate Responsibility For nearly a century, we have made a meaningful difference in global healthcare while creating lasting value for the communities we serve. Learn More About Our Corporate Responsibility Careers This is where an inclusive community of diverse individuals is driven to go beyond what is, to what is possible in healthcare. Learn More About Careers at Baxter Our History For more than 90 years, we’ve been focused on our commitment to save and sustain lives with innovations that elevate patient care, improve outcomes and drive healthcare transformation. Learn More About Our History Previous Next Patients General Healthcare Nutritional Care Respiratory Care Healthcare Professionals Primary Care Hospital Care Surgical Care Nutritional Care Respiratory Care Our Products & Services Safety Data Sheets Perspectives Patients' Stories Healthcare Insights People of Baxter Community Engagement Our Story Our Leadership Our Governance Fueling Collaborative Innovation Corporate Responsibility Inclusion & Diversity Our History Policies & Positions Product Security Global Privacy Policy US Privacy Policy HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices Terms of Use Cookies Site Map Do Not Sell/Share my Personal Information ©Copyright 2025 Baxter. All rights reserved. US-00-220175 (v4.0) 05/2025