Ecommerce UX Research & Insights Platform – Baymard Baymard Institute Baymard Institute Logo Product chevron-down document Research-Backed UX Insights 200,000+ hours of UX research star-filled UX Best Practice Guidelines Over 700 UX Guidelines ux-ray UX-Ray 2.0 beta Identify Your Biggest UX Opportunities components UX Design Examples 18,000+ Structured Design Examples filter UX Benchmarking Measure and Compare Your UX Performance Why Baymard? UX-Query beta Figma Plugin new Review Tool Personalized Research Training & UX Certification Use cases Industries chevron-down research-industry-apparel-and-accessories B2C Retail : Direct-to-Consumer , Luxury Goods , Apparel & Accessories , Footwear , Jewelry & Watches , Eyewear , Home & Hardware , Electronics & Office , Mass Merchant , Furniture & Home Decor , Health & Beauty , Sports Gear & Equipment , Vitamins & Supplements , Automotive Parts , Toys, Crafts & Hobbies , Merchandise & Print-to-Order , Pet Food & Care , Video Games , Educational Reading & Books research-industry-digital-subscriptions-and-saas Subscriptions & Services : Digital Subscriptions & SaaS , Telco , ISP , Insurance , Online Learning research-industry-travel-accommodation Travel & Accommodation : Travel Accommodations , Travel Tours & Experience Booking , Flight Booking & Airlines research-industry-business-to-business B2B : Components & Machinery , Medical & Pharma , B2B Ecommerce , Digital Subscriptions & SaaS , Merchandise & Print-to-Order research-industry-takeout-and-food-delivery Food & Consumables : Online Grocery , Food Delivery & Takeout , Beverages , Meal Kits , Consumables Subscriptions , Vitamins & Supplements Benchmark Your UX Performance How does your UX performance stack up against industry leaders and competitors? UX Audit Resources chevron-down Free UX Research UX Articles 400+ free UX articles based on large-scale research Benchmarks 320+ top sites ranked by UX performance UX Design Examples 18,000+ annotated designs for systematic inspiration Resources Code samples, demos, and key stats for usability search Search for Research and Resources Company About Methodology Jobs Speaking Pricing Log in Contact Sales Sign up Baymard Institute Baymard Institute Logo Navigation The Trusted Authority in Ecommerce UX Actionable Insights for Every UX Challenge Make best-in-class design decisions and improve conversions with validated, industry-specific UX research. Move rapidly, not recklessly. GET STARTED FOR FREE Baymard’s UX research is used by 29,000+ UX professionals and by 71% of all Fortune 500 ecommerce companies Make Ecommerce UX Decisions with Evidence, Not Opinions Get reliable answers to critical UX questions, grounded in over 200,000+ hours of large-scale research and ecommerce user testing. Apply research-validated UX insights across search, navigation, product pages, checkout, and mobile UX. Play video play-filled “ Having Baymard is like having access to a magical UX super power. I can't believe how helpful and easy to use it is, given the vast array of tools and information they provide! ” Ariana Biedebach Manager, UX Research at Levi Strauss & Co. TRY OUR RESEARCH-BACKED UX ASSISTANT FOR FREE UX-Query - Instant Answers to Your Toughest UX Questions Play video play-filled From checkout flows to mobile navigation, UX-Query helps you explore best practices across hundreds of UI patterns and components. Get relevant insights for the exact problem your organization is facing in no time at all — solving your biggest UX challenges has never been easier. ASK ANY UX QUESTION Find out more Play video play-filled Make Evidence-Backed Design Decisions at Speed Use Baymard’s comprehensive UX research database to create “State of the Art” user experiences, and see how your UX performance stacks up. Leverage hundreds of best practice insights and transform how your team approaches any project, question, or design challenge. Learn more about Baymard Save Countless Hours on Internal Testing & Desktop Research Discover thousands of invaluable learnings and implementation examples to supplement your own internal testing and eliminate the guesswork. With a Baymard subscription you can find out what works, what doesn't, and why in no time at all. Learn more about Baymard Transform Your UX with an Expert-Led UX Audit How does your website's UX performance stack up to the competition? What are your 40 most important UX improvements? Baymard UX audits empower your organization with actionable insights drawn from over 200,000 hours of research. Discover the top industry-specific UX improvements for your site and benchmark your UX against industry leaders and competitors today! Guaranteed positive ROI or your audit is free! EXPLORE Audit Services Augment Your Team's UX Expertise with Industry-Specific Insights Elevate your UX strategy with research-backed insights tailored to the challenges of your specific industry — drawn from thousands of hours of large-scale usability testing. Whether you're in apparel, electronics, SaaS, insurance, or online grocery, Baymard delivers actionable UX guidance to help your team make smarter, faster, and more confident design decisions. EXPLORE 26 INDUSTRIES Explore All Features Research-Backed UX Insights chevron-down Refining your user experience and justifying your design decisions has never been easier. UX Insights UX Best Practice Guidelines chevron-down Over 700 UX best practice guidelines based on 200,000+ hours of user testing. UX BEST PRACTICE GUIDELINES UX Audit Service chevron-down Get an in-depth audit for your site carried out by our team of UX experts. AUDIT SERVICE UX-Ray (Version 2.0) chevron-down Automatic UX analysis for any ecom site. Scan your site and uncover your biggest UX opportunities in minutes. UX-RAY UX-Query chevron-down Get instant answers to any UX question with our AI-powered search assistant. UX-QUERY UX Benchmarking chevron-down Get UX performance measures for your site and see how you stack up against the industry leaders and direct competitors in your market. UX BENCHMARKING Review Tool chevron-down Self-assess the UX performance of your site with our manual UX review tool. UX REVIEW TOOL Research Personalization chevron-down Access tailored insights – your UX audit findings seamlessly integrated into our research database giving you RESEARCH PERSONALIZATION UX Design Examples chevron-down 18,000+ annotated full-page UX design examples from the world's biggest brands. UX DESIGN EXAMPLES Training & Certification chevron-down Accelerate your career and gain access to industry-leading insights and best practices. TRAINING & CERTIFICATION See How Baymard's Research Can Transform Your UX Want to see how our UX research platform can solve your team's challenges? Have questions about our UX Audit Services? Book a personalized call with a Baymard expert who'll show you exactly what we offer. BOOK A CALL What Our Clients Say Baymard’s research is used by 29,000+ brands, agencies, researchers, and UX designers, across 80+ countries, and includes 71% of all Fortune 500 ecommerce companies. “ Having Baymard is like having access to a magical UX super power. I can't believe how helpful and easy to use it is, given the vast array of tools and information they provide! ” Ariana Biedebach Manager, UX Research at Levi Strauss & Co. “ Baymard’s training provides the proper language and sound evidence to understand what it means to create a truly usable interface in the ecommerce business. ” Semion Lapin UX Designer at Deloitte Digital “ Intelligent, consumer-focused insights that are clear and actionable. The team in the room really loved the way the Baymard Institute highlighted the optimizations in the various user experience elements (copy, layout, design, calls-to-action…), from the perspective of consumer struggles.  Baymard’s Usability research really complements our other existing research tools. ” Will Close Director of A/B Testing at Nike.com circle-plus See all 74 testimonials “ I just wanted to take a minute to thank you for the amazing work on this audit. You should know that this has been very well received internally and there’s a lot of excitement around adopting the ideas you have shared. ” Sudeep Agarwal Growth Manager at Google Shopping “ Baymard has been a great resource in helping us improve the customer experience. We are continually applying these best practices to our sites. ” Bryan Trogdon Director of User Experience at Office Depot “ These reports are fabulous. The content is exactly what our team has been looking for, and so much more! Extremely helpful, thank you! ” Cary Moody Usability Researcher at Hallmark “ We implemented “E-Commerce Checkout Usability” guide for all our stores and saw doubling of checkout conversion rates. We will soon work on implementation of other usability guidelines. Thank you Christian and Jamie for your excellent work! ” Sergey Vorozhtsov CEO at S3 Stores, Inc. “ Some time ago we purchased the Ecommerce Homepage & Category report - the research and insights are extremely useful to us and help us a lot in our work! ” Eliza Savov CX Research Team Lead at Clicktale “ Baymard produces some of the most relevant and actionable user experience research available.  They really understand the needs of UX and Product Management professionals, and their deep experience in the eCommerce field allows them to offer sophisticated, nuanced insights. ” Kerry McAleer Former Director of UX Research at Sears “ My team loves Baymard Premium and it has become a valuable tool for us. We consult with a number of large brands and manage their eComm (both DTC and eRetail) and your data is amazing, it gives us all the testing data without having to run the tests ourselves. Our clients appreciate us having the depth of knowledge Baymard provides, we’ve used Baymard data multiple times to defend our recommendations and to inform our designs. ” Dean Rizzuto UX Director at Integer Group “ The UX audit was very thorough and valuable insights were provided. It's particularly helpful to know which recommendations are the most impactful and lower in cost. It's also helpful to see which issues are the biggest offenders and how we stack up to the selected competitors. ” Ariella Galvin Sr. Digital Merchandising Manager at CVS Health “ I appreciated the detailed audit and found the readout to be insightful and inspiring. The Baymard team did a fabulous job of explaining methodology, answering questions, and providing best practice recommendations! ” Jenn Keller Sr. UX Designer at KFC “ Damn. The reports that the @Baymard folks do cost money, but they’re worth it. ” Steve Krug Author of ‘Don’t Make Me Think’ “ Baymard's audit services give us a detailed view of usability improvements across our entire site. This is so much more comprehensive than running individual usability studies. ” Gideon Ansell UX Director, Global eCommerce at Staples “ I’m an avid user of your reports and recommendations. I have leveraged your articles and findings throughout my career in B2B, B2C, and hospitality. ” Jenny Urban User Experience Director at Ace Hardware “ This was indeed very helpful guidance and a very well-documented roadmap for us to fix, validate, organize, collectively understand and continually improve our ecommerce foundation. ” Cat Brunson UX Manager at Columbia Sportswear “ I can not tell you how much help your benchmark studies have been for our company, e-commerce and UX teams. We have used and continue to use these reports for baseline benchmarks as we build test protocols or eye tracking scripts etc. in lab. ” Catherine Brunson Customer Experience Strategist at Belk “ Excellent tool – looking forward to using it with our other sites and prototypes as they’re developed. ” Leah Kaufman Senior UX Research Manager at Lenovo “ Your company produces an excellent product suite: research, training, contextual examples, and the review tool all in one. It should be core training for most roles in e-commerce focused digital agencies. ” Joe Sevits VP of Digital Solutions at Blue Acorn iCi “ I really like the work Baymard Institute does around usability. Their articles often get my Ecom gears turning. ” Ryan Finley Site Search Professional at Kohl’s Department Stores “ We’ve received some awesome feedback from our Merchant Success team as well as our merchants about all of the UX Audits we’ve had thus far with Baymard. Thank you so much to you and your team for all of your hard work. The pilot with Baymard has been going fantastic and I’m really excited with all that we’re learning! You have an amazing platform, team and super helpful data base for us to work with. ” Nicole Papp Merchant Success Manager, Shopify “ Thank you very much for the 7 usability audits of our country-specific sites. The audits have provided us with specific and actionable advice, allowed us to prioritize development resources, and enabled us to compare UX performance between the 7 different country-specific sites, and against State of the Art implementations. The audit itself is done really professionally, and the recommendations contain actionable and insightful information. ” Mirko Sablic EU eTransformation at ​Deutsche Telekom / T-mobile “ Thank you. This was an excellent piece of work: professional, thorough, and actionable for the team. We’re very happy with the work Baymard has done for us. ” Alex Wright Director of Research at Etsy “ Great UX report on shopping cart checkout forms/process we have used in a few audits recently. ” Digital Telepathy @dtelepathy “ It is immensely valuable having a thorough, independent study to help validate my work and in particular, help facilitate buy-off from stakeholders. Baymard has quickly become one of my most trusted resources for the UX/UI field. ” Jason Greene UX Design Lead at ClickBank “ An eye opener. This UX audit helped validate assumptions we had regarding our site but also provided visibility on issues we overlooked. Recommendations were in depth and provided ways for improvements. ” Michael Tran Sr. Business Analyst at Sony PlayStation “ Thanks for everything. The audit was extremely useful, I think we have gained valuable insight. ” Tara Costa Senior Manager at Jarden Consumer Solutions (FoodSaver, Breville, etc.) “ Excellent, very thorough, great callouts! ” Jonathan Bleier Senior Global SEO Manager at McAfee “ I have found the M-Commerce and E-Commerce reports very useful, thank you! ” Josh Shaw Web Manager at Keurig Green Mountain “ The recommendations in our audit were awesome - well prioritized, actionable and helped us focus on what to optimize. This audit, along with the ecommerce database access, are my go-to resources for thorough, insightful information. Thank you! ” Erin Straub UX Design Manager at Nutrisystem “ Given the tricky science of conversion rate optimization, it is great to know that you are dealing with professionals whose advice is based on solid research. It was a pleasure collaborating with the Baymard team. ” Aaron Henig Operations Manager at Epicenter Consulting, New York “ This is very, very useful! Let me check what we can do to improve the usability in the Smashing Shop. ” Vitaly Friedman Editor in Chief of Smashing Magazine “ Wow, this is great! Just reviewed it with the team. It’s a huge help and we’re excited to fix these issues. ” Anthony Thomas UX responsible at StickerMule.com “ The walkthrough today was great. The report was very, very well done and loaded with great opportunities for us to improve our business. I wanted to again express my appreciation for working with us on such a condensed time frame last month. You and your team have been amazing partners to us and we very much appreciate the work, expertise and partnership. ” Wendy Bonnstetter UX Director at Hallmark Cards, Inc. “ We like what we are reviewing from the audit - great analysis and feedback. ” David Polanco UX Lead at Carnival Cruise Lines “ We have worked with a number of third party companies before on various projects/audits, and I can certainly say that working with Baymard was not only a pleasure; but you delivered on time; to the level of depth we wanted; addressing important issues; and answering all our questions; and you did all this for a great price. A big THANK YOU on behalf of N11. ” Efe Yaman Program Manager at n11.com “ Baymard’s real-user research is invaluable for ecommerce marketers. It leaves no stone unturned, and with the guideline checklists provided, you’ll be well equipped to optimize your mobile presence. ” Linda Bustos Director of E-commerce Research at Elastic Path “ We found the audits extremely helpful and validated a number of changes we have been wanting to make or are in the process of making, so thank again for all the great insights. ” Colleen Kersting eCommerce Marketing at Harley-Davidson “ The Baymard reports have proven to be an invaluable resource for us. Comprehensive, pragmatic and actionable. We have redesigned our checkout process and made changes to our category pages based on usability guidelines in the reports. ” Jill McDonald UX Architect at Room & Board “ The Baymard Institute have some seriously good reports on ecommerce usability, design, and best practices ” Josh @ Digital Darts @digital_darts “ Worth every dollar. It’s well done, good looking and simply very useful. ” Jan Jursa Curator of IATV and the MobX conference “ I love the information that you guys provide and have bought a couple of reports. Love them. ” Karen Kysar Site & Search Optimization Lead at iProspect “ Really good rundown on all these thing. I definitely think we got a lot of value out of it, and we’re excited to get it all in and do some A/B testing on this. ” Greg Dalby Director of E-Commerce at Purch “ We implemented the majority of your checkout recommendations and a/b tested most of them, in every instance your recommendation provided the catalyst for us to make an improvement. Your approach and methodology has proven itself to be valuable. Now, when a new report comes out from your office we just buy it right away. ” Chris Hall President of RepairClinic.com “ Baymard’s UX training week was invaluable. Christian presented the company’s vast research in an organized and digestible format that encouraged actionable takeaways. I can’t wait to share these learnings with my colleagues! ” Nikki Orsborn VP of Creative at Branding Brand “ You guys help us, our clients (and our clients’ users), in delivering a better user experience through your research. I really appreciate it. ” Fernando Valentini Managing Partner at eNe Solucoes “ This is without a doubt the most important eCommerce training I’ve ever done. Knowing the right approach for converting the average user puts us massively ahead of the competition. ” James Gilbert CEO at Solutionists “ The Baymard team has been a delight to work with on the JohnLewis digital platform audit. They responded to the brief very well, have been very accessible for ongoing clarification and queries and Rebecca was excellent in the recent team share, articulately presenting findings in an engaging walk-through with the wider team which will really support driving engagement and a robust response. Many thanks for all the effort and focus folks. ” Greg Woods UX & UI Design and Research Manager at John Lewis “ Thank you for the UX audit presentation, it was FANTASTIC. People here are quite pleased and amazed by the amount of work that was put into this. ” Marc Ulrich Associate Director of Web Usability at Bell Canada “ Here at Boxed we’re a small team who are BIG fans of your research. Your services have been immensely helpful to us as a small UX/UI team, and we are so excited to have a new version of our own product page going into development later this month. ” Jillian Crudo Product Design Manager at Boxed “ I just wanted to reach out to you personally and commend you for hosting a terrific course. It’s quite seldom I find myself learning quite as much and gaining so many new perspectives in such a short period of time. So please keep up the good work and keep on inspiring other fellow UX practitioners! ” Victoria Rönning UX Designer at PriceSpy “ I’m very impressed! Not about our site’s performance, quite the opposite, but about your work. Very detailed and packed with great and tangible advice. This was exactly what I dreamt about, but sometimes you just have to be careful dreaming. ” Kenneth Avnsted CEO at Anodyne “ We implemented this [1 of the 15 audit suggestions] and since then we’ve had a 20% increase in warranties added and a pretty healthy average order increase because of that. That was a great suggestion, it hit our bottom line immediately. ” Justin French Director of E-commerce at Fast Growing Trees “ I often refer to myself as  ‘the worst type of user’ because I have adapted to standard/bad UX practices when browsing eCommerce sites. I have found Baymard Institute is an incredible resource for getting some insight into user behaviour for making websites foolproof. ” Jesse Davies Design Manager at Retail Express “ Truly a great learning experience about almost every aspect of eCommerce and the steps you need to take to improve the shopping experience for your users. Everyone working with eCommerce should attend this course. Absolutely worth the investment! ” Axel Giæver Senior UX Designer at Dekode “ The Baymard E-commerce Usability reports have proven to be a valuable resource for UX teams within our organisation both at group and operating company level. The reports contain precise, actionable insights and recommendations which are backed up by extensive research and data. The severity and frequency ratings have helped our development teams to prioritise which areas to improve first. The most recent improvements we’ve recommended from the Ecommerce Search report have been extremely well received by senior stakeholders and have already been fed into the backlog. ” Claire White UX Specialist for Kingfisher PLC “ I just wanted to let you know that I think your site is the best thousand bucks I’ve ever spent. I wish I found you years ago. ” Chris Lambrinides Partner at Window Cleaning Resource “ Christian Holst and his team have done it again. Rock-solid research backed up by numbers that can’t be argued with. We’ve been using Baymard’s research for many years now and consistently find value in it in the form of highly applicable guidelines. The cost of the annual subscription has paid for itself many times over. Thank you for that, Christian. ” Robert Knoerk CEO at Binary Minds “ Baymard has helped so much: UX was a brand new role at my company when I was hired. I was researching, planning, and designing UX & UI for 5 different products, all by myself. After showing real-world, bottom-line results from a UX centered approach to our products, we have expanded our UX team and greatly improved our UX-to-product process. Baymard’s research database was a critical component to my (and my company’s) success. Thank you! ” Geoff Jensen Head of UX at Wrench Inc. “ We have recently tested some of your recommendations for the Avast checkout and got some great wins! ” Tomas Janu E-Commerce Director at Avast “ The Baymard UX audit has been a revelation for our organisation and will likely become a vital tool in our process moving forward. ” Peter Fitzsimons Product Design Team Lead at CarTrawler “ Clear, concise, actionable, data-driven insights! ” Dani Ibarra SEO Manager at Caleres “ Working with Baymard for our UX audit was an exceptional experience from start to finish. Their attention to detail, depth of analysis, and clear communication throughout the process truly exceeded our expectations. The insights they provided were not only actionable but profoundly insightful. I highly recommend Baymard for their expertise, professionalism, and commitment to elevating user experiences. ” Mehmet Cakir Ecommerce Product Manager at Monster Notebook “ The audit was extremely eye-opening, and having examples that explored different categories was extremely beneficial. Excited to take these learnings back to my account and share your insights. ” Alicia Klipa Sr. Customer Marketing Manager at Tempur Sealy International “ The audit opened our eyes once again, as we are often blind to our own operations. The comparison with competitors' best practices was particularly helpful. ” Derrick Drakeford UI/UX Designer at IONOS SE “ Exceptional audit with actionable points and excellent examples. ” Kimberly Wells Sr. Product Owner at Infinite Electronics “ This UX audit is helping us to compare ourselves against the industry benchmark and prioritize UX improvements accordingly. All with an insight-driven mindset and not as an agency that would sell you hours after this! ” Flore Delecourt Global E-commerce Manager at Stokke “ Our UX Auditor was very engaged and responsive throughout the entire 2-week audit process. Delivered quicker than expected. We feel confident that the insights will be constructive. ” Christopher Rupert Digital Product Owner at ADI Global “ Very insightful and interesting. Marilyn was great and explained the audit really clearly. ” Livia Biondino Lead Product Designer at Charlotte Tilbury “ One of the most valuable audits we have ever had with loads of actionable advice that will more than pay for itself in the short run. ” Mark Costigliola Director, eCommerce Operations at Travelpro “ The audit results were accurate to our business model and pinpointed actionable updates that should see vastly improved UX. ” Rob Stroh Front End Web Designer at Home Hardware “ Baymard exceeded my expectations at every opportunity. The findings of the audit helped to shift the narrative from "our website isn't that bad" to "we need to invest significant resources in our website to succeed." ” Will Fox Senior Manager, Web Operations at Big Ass Fans “ We appreciate that the audit not only shows problems but also potential solutions in an easy-to-understand and very well-structured way. ” Marc Schuster Online Marketing Manager EMEA at ACCO Brands “ Very thorough evaluation against a clear set of criteria; highly knowledgeable staff and insightful Q&A presentation. ” Andreas Frank CEO at Net32 Latest Articles Weekly articles based on the latest UX research from the Baymard team. Read all articles The Baymard Ecommerce UX Awards 2025 - Recognizing the Top 1% of Sites December 16, 2025 Announcing Baymard’s New Theme: Loyalty Program UX December 9, 2025 Vitamins & Supplements UX Benchmark: 3,500+ Performance Scores and 2,500+ Best Practice Examples December 4, 2025 Checkout UX 2025: 10 Pitfalls and Best Practices November 25, 2025 (Updated) Popular Take the Guesswork out of UX Design with Research-Backed Insights Improve ROI on your UX projects and increase confidence in UX decisions like never before. Explore plans and pricing Free UX Research UX Articles Read 300+ free, indepth best practice articles based on Baymard's deep UX research findings. Benchmarks Case studies of 326 top ecommerce sites. Ranked using 275,000+ UX performance scores. UX Design Examples Over 18,000 annotated ecommerce UX design examples to inspire your next project. Resources Abandonment stats, credit card patterns, code samples, and demos, for usability. Product UX Audit Service Get an in-depth UX audit of your site UX-Ray 2.0 BETA Identify Your Biggest UX Opportunities UX-Query BETA AI-powered UX research assistant Figma Plugin NEW Research-backed UX best practices in Figma Review Tool Expert UX review of your designs Personalized Research Custom UX research for your needs Training & UX Certification Learn UX best practices Use Cases Industry : Apparel & Accessories Business-to-Business Electronics & Office Health & Beauty Home & Hardware Furniture & Home Decor Luxury Goods Mass Merchant Sports Gear & Equipment Toys, Crafts & Hobbies Pet Food & Care Direct-to-Consumer Telco Internet Service Providers Automotive Parts & Specialty Insurance Vitamins & Supplements B2B Medical & Pharma B2B Electronic Components & Machinery Online Grocery Beverages Meal Kits Consumable Subscriptions Food Delivery & Takeout Travel Accommodations Travel Tours & Experience Booking Digital Subscriptions & SaaS Flight Booking & Airlines Merchandise & Print-to-Order Online Learning Video Games Educational Reading & Books Footwear Jewelry & Watches Eyewear Theme : Homepage & Category On-Site Search Accessibility Product List Product Page Cart & Checkout Accounts & Self-Service Mobile Web Mobile App UX Training : UX Training for Your Team 450+ UX Certificants UX Certification Company : About Our Methodology Jobs Speaking Support : Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Roadmap & Changelog Resources : Cart Abandonment Stats Credit Card Patterns UX Basics Subscribe to Free UX Articles Loading... Delivered weekly, ad-free full-length research articles, 1-click unsubscribe at any time contact-filled US: +1 (315) 216-7151 contact-filled EU: +45 88 10 85 58 email info@baymard.com © Baymard Institute 2026 contact-filled US: +1 (315) 216-7151 contact-filled EU: +45 88 10 85 58 email info@baymard.com Follow us on Instagram social-instagram X (Twitter) social-twitter LinkedIn social-linkedin