We value your privacy

By clicking "Accept cookies", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie policy

Manage cookies
Accept cookies
Home
Find Jobs 
Create Your Profile
Premium
Resources 
Log In Register
العربية
For Employers
Find the job you love
Search among 76,000+ active jobs on the Middle East’s #1 job site
Select location
All locations
Algeria
Bahrain
Bahrain · Manama
Egypt
Egypt · Alexandria
Egypt · Cairo
India
Iraq
Iraq · Baghdad
Jordan
Jordan · Amman
Kuwait
Kuwait · Al Kuwait
Lebanon
Lebanon · Beirut
Libya
Morocco
Morocco · Casablanca
Oman
Oman · Muscat
Pakistan
Qatar
Qatar · Doha
Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia · Dammam
Saudi Arabia · Eastern Province
Saudi Arabia · Jeddah
Saudi Arabia · Jubail
Saudi Arabia · Khobar
Saudi Arabia · Mecca
Saudi Arabia · Medina
Saudi Arabia · Riyadh
Syria
Tunisia
Tunisia · Tunis
United Arab Emirates
United Arab Emirates · Abu Dhabi
United Arab Emirates · Ajman
United Arab Emirates · Al Ain
United Arab Emirates · Dubai
United Arab Emirates · Fujairah
United Arab Emirates · Ras Al Khaimah
United Arab Emirates · Sharjah
Yemen
Find jobs
Popular Searches  accountant  remote  sales  sales executive  sales manager See More 
Get the Bayt App
Scan the QR code to get the app
Who's Hiring on Bayt.com
Is your company hiring? Join 40,000 employers on Bayt.com
Real Stories
How we've helped job seekers like you find their dream jobs
الحمد لله تم الإتفاق بيني و بين الشركة للعمل بها كمحرر فيديو وحركة الفن الجرافيكي و اتمني للجميع التوفيق و النجاح و اتمني للموقع مزيد من التقدم و الانجاز و مساعدة الشركات و اصحاب الاعمال و الراغبين في العمل في الحصول علي الوظيفة المناسبة ان شاء الله شكراً فريق عمل بيت.كوم
Mohamed Zeini
Araanewes · Design, Creative, and Arts
3 
Greetings Fellow Job Seekers! Dreams do come true! I will admit at times it feels like you almost want to give up. It isn't great for the confidence level to receive a string of rejections. Been there, done that! I even commented in our household, "how much longer do I continue to bang my head against the wall?" Then, it doesn't help when you receive…
Lois Faith Ratchford
Niagara College - Kingdom of Saudi Arabia · Teaching and Academics
1 
قصة نجاحي تتمثل في مدة وجيزة، حيث أنني تقدمت للعمل في الشركة بوظيفة سائق توصيل، وبعد مباشرة العمل اضفت الى خبرتي السابقة معلومات كبيرة في مجال المطاعم مما جعل من مدير المنطقة ان يقوم بترشيحي للعمل كمساعد مدير تحت التدريب، ولكن للأسف جائني عرض عمل قوي من شركة كبرى (Binzagr Co) وقمت بالإستقالة بناءً عليها.
Hossam Alobaidi
شركة الموارد العربية · Sales
3 
The Bayt team is really helpful for job seekers. They always share perfect job opportunities. I highly appreciate the Bayt team.
Hashmi Altaf
Wsp · Construction and Building
0 
Please be informed that im currently working with amex i had been recruiting by human capital group .thank you
khadija El bouchikhi
Amex · Banking
4 
Hi Friends - It is time now to say thank you to the site that brought me my first coveted job in Dubai. My colleague in my home town told me about Bayt.com. One lazy Sunday morning I uploaded my CV on this site and to my surprise I got an interview call within a week. The whole selection process took a month or so and not very long from there I found…
Ahmed Najmi Imran
CMA CGM · Information Technology
1 
Platforms like Bayt.com have been vital in sharing my story and connecting with a community of professionals. It’s a space where experiences are valued, and opportunities flourish. I’m excited to continue leveraging such platforms to inspire and grow alongside other experts in the field. As the Dynamics CE ecosystem evolves, I remain committed to innovation,…
Ahmed El-Hosary
ATOS · Information Technology
2 
A friend of mine suggested I put my C.V. in Bayt, and I got regular job posts - and applied as needed.
Kuhle Mthembu
Niagara College · Teaching and Academics
0 
الموقع ممتاز ويوفر الكثير من الوظائف والله المستعان
Mahmoud Ibrahim
لا يوجد · Banking
1 
Greetings Dreams do come true! I would like to thank Bayt.com for getting me hired by one of Government Organization in Qatar. I am very grateful that it worked for me getting a desired job. The role and package i got was quite unexpected for me. I would really recommend this site to everyone . Hope more and more jobseekers can get help in finding…
ASAD ALAM
Naufar · Purchasing and Procurement
2 
Bayt.com is a great job-site, after uploading my CV on Bayt.com, within a month I got a chance to get interviews with various employers. I recommend Bayt.com to all jobseekers.
Hamzeh Al Zawahreh
Inspire for Solutions Development · Information Technology
2 
its was great experiences in best application for job seeker good luck to everyone, and thanks alot for bayt family
emad ragheb
mantex Group · Human Resources and Recruitment
2 
On Sunday 31st of January, I had an interview with Ms. Hala AbouZaid , the Talent Acquisition & Recruitment supervisor in HB , then an interview with Mr. Atef Saad , the Costing Manager, and then i was asked to wait for a feedback. On 23rd of February, I had my second row of interviews, Technical interview with Mr. Alaa Mesbah , the Accounting Manager…
hussein hamdy
Halwani Brothers · Accounting and Auditing
0 
Since I started my career in Saudi Arabia, It was wonderful experience with this job portal Bayt, It's really helped me to find out the jobs, I got all the job offers from Bayt, and there are plenty of job opportunities in each and every filed. I would say Bayt is the number 1 job portal in Middle East. I would really like to thanks to Bayt team which…
Mohammed Salahuddin
Q Design Consultant · Consulting
2 
الحمد لله بتوفيق من الله وثم مساعدة موقع بيت.كوم حصلت على وظيفتي المناسبة في المؤسسة الصالحية الطبية كمشرف قسم الأمن والسلامة
abdullah alanazi
الصالحية الطبية · Medical, Healthcare, and Nursing
2 
View more
Latest blog articles
DEC 29, 2025  ·   GROW YOUR CAREER
Debunking GCC Hiring Myths: What Job Seekers Get Wrong
DEC 29, 2025  ·   JOB SEARCH TIPS
The Smart Way to Search for Jobs on Bayt.com
DEC 29, 2025  ·   GROW YOUR CAREER
What Recruiters Want in 2026: Trends You Need to Know
DEC 22, 2025  ·   JOB SEARCH TIPS
Does Hiring Really Spike in January? What You Should Know
DEC 22, 2025  ·   GROW YOUR CAREER
GEO vs. SEO: A Marketer’s Guide to What’s Changing
DEC 22, 2025  ·   THE POWERFUL CV
The Cover Letter That Will Get You Hired in 2026
View more articles
Find Jobs
Jobs in Abu Dhabi
Jobs in Dubai
Jobs in Algeria
Jobs in Bahrain
Jobs in Egypt
Jobs in India
Jobs in Iraq
Jobs in Jordan
Jobs in Kuwait
Jobs in Lebanon
Jobs in Libya
Jobs in Morocco
Jobs in Oman
Jobs in Pakistan
Jobs in Qatar
Jobs in Saudi Arabia
Jobs in Tunisia
Jobs in UAE
Jobs in Yemen
About Bayt.com
Bayt.com is the leading job site in the Middle East and North Africa, connecting job seekers with employers looking to hire. Every day, thousands of new job vacancies are listed on the award-winning platform from the region's top employers.
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Press Corner
Advertise With Us
Quick Links
Blog
Podcasts
Help Center
Get the Bayt App
Scan the QR code to get the app
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Terms of Use Trust Center  Stay Safe
Copyright © 2000-2025 Bayt.com. All rights reserved.
 العربية