Skip to content
Register
Sign In
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Arts
Travel
Earth
Audio
Video
Live
Trump and Zelensky appear more upbeat - but show little evidence that peace is near for Ukraine

Although both leaders express optimism in Florida there is no indication of progress, writes the BBC's Vitaliy Shevchenko.

7 hrs ago
Europe
'There are many challenges': Syrians in Turkey consider return after fall of Assad

Syrians in Turkey are weighing up whether it is the right time to return to their homeland.

2 hrs ago
Middle East
Trump says progress made in Ukraine talks but 'thorny issues' remain

Both the US president and Zelensky describe talks in Florida as "great" and "terrific" but the issue of territory remains "unresolved".

6 hrs ago
Europe
China holds military drills around Taiwan as warning to 'separatist forces'

The drills come days after the US announced the sale of one of its largest weapons packages to Taiwan.

4 hrs ago
Asia
Catching the hunters trapping rare songbirds in China

The BBC catches a man trapping songbirds - selling them is a profitable business because many keep them as pets.

9 hrs ago
Asia
Analysis: 'I've reported on 40 wars but I've never seen a year like 2025'

2025 has been a year of multiple major conflicts and it is becoming clear that one of them has geopolitical implications of unparalleled importance.

5 hrs ago
BBC InDepth
Egyptian dissident sorry for tweets as Tories push for deportation from UK

Shabana Mahmood is facing growing calls to revoke the citizenship of British-Egyptian dual national Alaa Abdel Fattah after the emergence of social media posts.

3 hrs ago
UK
ONLY FROM THE BBC
Why are young people leaving to work abroad?

Three young Britons explain why they are building their futures overseas.

A stylish, sustainable guide to festive party wear

The party season is here – so what's a conscious fashionista to wear? Bel Jacobs speaks to some eco-friendly party-goers about their tips and tricks for elegant evening wear.

BEST AUDIO OF THE YEAR
Good Bad Billionaire
Evan Spiegel: Snapchat fratboy
Save

46 mins

You're Dead to Me
History of Coffee: from devil’s brew to our favourite beverage
Save

57 mins

History's Heroes
The Night Witches
Save

28 mins

More or Less
Are 80% of women really only attracted to 20% of men?
Save

8 mins

The Global Story
The death of reading
Save

26 mins

World of Secrets
1. The real Mona Kizz
Save

34 mins

The Interview
Reid Hoffman: Should we trust the tech elite?
Save

22 mins

The Documentary Podcast
LOUD: Is noise an invisible killer?
Save

49 mins

MORE NEWS
Toxic air, broken roads and unpicked rubbish - why India's big cities are becoming unliveable

Many Indian cities rank at the bottom of liveability indexes despite big government spending on infrastructure.

8 hrs ago
Asia
Bondi hero says he wanted to stop gunman killing innocent people

Authorities say the actions of Ahmed al Ahmed, a shop owner, saved countless lives.

2 hrs ago
Australia
Brigitte Bardot: The blonde bombshell who revolutionised French cinema

The cocktail of kittenish charm and continental sensuality who swept away the cinematic cobwebs of the 1950s.

22 hrs ago
Culture
Kosovo's ruling party wins election after months of political deadlock

The decisive victory for the Albanian nationalist Vetevendosje party means a third term for leader Albin Kurti.

7 hrs ago
Europe
Fire in nursing home kills 16 in Indonesia

The incident took place at night, when many elderly residents were likely resting in their rooms.

1 hr ago
Asia
Five-year-old boy dies after getting caught in Japan ski travelator

Officials spent 40 minutes dismantling the travelator to free him, but he was later pronounced dead.

3 hrs ago
Asia
Mexico train crash kills 13 and injures almost 100

An investigation is under way after the train derailed as it rounded a bend near the town of Nizanda.

6 hrs ago
Latin America
EDITOR'S PICKS
How to make better New Year's resolutions

Have you 'broken' any News Year's resolutions yet? If so, you're not alone - on average 80% of resolutions fail.

Science & Health
The Greek island holding the secret to a long life

On Ikaria, people on average lead longer, happier lives. A resident of the Greek 'island of immortals' shares her tips for longevity.

The SpeciaList
Can you learn to predict the future?

Researchers believe the ability to predict the future is a skill that can be learned and developed.

Psychology
Why ancient calendars still rule the world

Virtually all our cultures use at least one kind of calendar to mark vital annual occasions.

Nature
Is this how AI might eliminate humanity?

A research paper predicts AI autonomy by 2027 could lead to human extinction within a decade.

Tech Now
George Clooney and Adam Sandler's recommended movies

The actors share their personal favourites and talk about why the films hold up today.

Film & TV
Jacinda Ardern once auditioned to be a Hobbit

The former New Zealand PM says she auditioned for Lord of the Rings but fell short on a specific requirement.

Film & TV
Three films Aimee Lou Wood says will change your life

The actress shares the films she insists everyone should see - and why they can completely shift your outlook.

Film & TV
YEAR IN REVIEW
Why 'masterpiece' One Battle After Another flopped

Paul Thomas Anderson's political thriller, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, has been critically acclaimed and met with countless rave reviews, but despite that won't break even at the box office. Why?

What it's like to live in the world's smartest cities
From a dino superhighway to origins of fire-making: The incredible discoveries in 2025
The 25 best sports photos of 2025 - and the stories behind them
HEALTH AND WELLNESS
A guide to eating the healthiest bread

When it comes to bread, supermarkets have a dizzying array of choice. Yet the bread we eat can have a surprising impact on our health.

How to consume less plastic

Microplastics gush out of our taps and flake off cookware. They find their way into the yolks of eggs, and into meat and vegetables. But there are things we can do to eat less of them.

What regular saunas do for your health

The Finnish tradition of a sauna followed by a plunge into icy water or a roll in the snow is spreading around the world. What does science say about the claimed health benefits?

EDITOR'S PICKS OF 2025
The Caribbean islands that give you a passport if you buy a home

Five of the region's island nations offer such citizenship by investment for as little as $200,000.

The absurd masterpiece that changed comedy forever
Why the 'Virgin Queen' never married
The nation that wants you to embrace your sleepy side
BBC MAESTRO
Get a good night's sleep with Stephanie Romiszewski

Join the world-leading sleep expert to bid goodnight to sleep anxiety and rediscover the joy of restful nights.

Sharpen your time management with Oliver Burkeman

Learn practical time management skills that will give you more time for what's important with best-selling author Oliver Burkeman.

Transform your health with Professor Tim Spector

Join health guru Tim Spector as he teaches you about the different aspects of gut health, nutrition and healthy eating habits.

Learn the art of influence with Evy Poumpouras

Understand how to read people and build lasting confidence with former US Secret Service agent Evy Poumpouras.

Master cocktail making with Ago Perrone

Shake up the party with cocktail-making techniques from one of the world's best mixologists, Ago Perrone.

Launch your business with Steven Bartlett

Join the youngest judge in Dragons' Den history and creator of Diary of a CEO as he shares 16 principles to make your business a success.

Master the craft of cooking with Marco Pierre White

Go beyond recipes and uncover the art of cooking with the youngest chef ever to be granted three Michelin stars.

Elevate your design skills with Paula Scher

Join the creative mind behind iconic designs and album covers as she explains the rules of great graphic design.

Learn the art of magical storytelling with Isabel Allende

Join the bestselling author to learn the craft of extraordinary writing and become inspired by her masterpieces.

Sing like the stars with Eric Vetro

Level up your singing skills with the vocal coach behind stars like Ariana Grande and Sabrina Carpenter.

US & CANADA NEWS
One dead after mid-air helicopter collision in New Jersey

Two helicopters collided and crash landed in Hammonton, killing one of the pilots.

New York blanketed in snow, sparking travel chaos
How frogs went from right-wing meme to anti-ICE protest symbol
Annette Dionne, last surviving Dionne quintuplet, dies aged 91
MORE WORLD NEWS
An orphan's brutal murder shines a spotlight on child abuse in Somalia

The woman who was supposed to care for Saabirin Saylaan was found to have beaten and tortured her.

Living in fear of Lakurawa - the militant group Trump targeted in Nigeria strikes
Nine people, including five children, stabbed to death in Suriname
Brazil's Bolsonaro undergoes medical treatment for hiccups
BUSINESS
Rich and voiceless: How Putin has kept Russia's billionaires on side in the war

Western sanctions have failed to turn the uber-rich into opponents, and Putin's policies have turned them into silent backers.

Fearing deportation, Hondurans in the US send more cash home than ever before
UK to insure Bayeux Tapestry for estimated £800m while it's loaned to British Museum
Don't rule out EU customs union, TUC boss tells Starmer
SPORT
Atkinson becomes third England bowler out of Ashes

Gus Atkinson becomes the third England pace bowler ruled out of the Ashes series after confirmation he will miss the final Test against Australia in Sydney.

What did Sabalenka and Kyrgios' Battle of the Sexes achieve?
Ronaldo will not retire until he scores 1,000 goals
49ers win thriller after Browns upset Steelers - NFL week 17 recap
LATEST SPORT AUDIO
Test Match Special Podcast
The Ashes - injury latest and time on hands for fans and players
Save

44 mins

More Than The Score
More than 2025: When Esme Morgan met Ashleigh Plumptre
Save

24 mins

Football Daily
Premier League Review with Rick Edwards
Save

55 mins

606
Palace go pointless as Spurs end the year with a win
Save

1 hr 21 mins

F1: Chequered Flag
Review of 2025: Papaya on top
Save

56 mins

606
Three way title race after Villa thriller
Save

1 hr 21 mins

Test Match Special Podcast
England’s men win first Ashes Test down under in 15 years
Save

49 mins

Not by the Playbook
Not by the Playbook 2025 in review
Save

49 mins

TECH
Ghosts house 'protected' by digital mapping

West Horsley Place, which is Button House in Ghosts, is being digitally recreated by engineers.

Both of these influencers are successful - but only one is human
Is texting behind the wheel of a self-driving Tesla crazy?
Planning a festive swim? Warning not to rely on AI for advice on tides
SCIENCE & HEALTH
The planet that shouldn't exist

Mercury has long baffled astronomers because it defies much of what we know about planet formation. A new space mission arriving in 2026 might solve the mystery.

Is dark energy changing? The 'Big Crunch' debate dividing astronomers
Rare brain leak made it feel like my head had exploded
Two words to avoid when making your New Year's resolution
CULTURE
Film lookahead: 20 highlights to watch out for in 2026

We look ahead to 20 notable films to watch for in 2026, from Oscar hopefuls to potential blockbusters.

Style trends to look out for in 2026: Bold colours, tassels and loud luxury
Quiz of the Year 2025, Part 4: Who was the mysterious fedora man pictured outside the Louvre?
Godfather of Ethiopian jazz plays his last live concert
ARTS 
Seven of the greatest rivalries in art history

There is an art to rivalry. Mastering its rules has, since ancient times, shaped cultural history over millennia.

The ancient art of Japanese bonsai
The Salt Path and 2025's most scandalous books
The truth about Tudor England's 'most hated woman'
WATCH
Köttbullar: The secret behind the iconic Swedish meatballs
Ikea’s meatballs turn 40. We asked Swedes how Köttbullar became a global phenomenon.
See more
TRAVEL
Seven live music experiences worth travelling for in 2026

Think beyond the destination concert and choose a musical destination. From Helsinki to Tokyo, these shows and festivals are just the ticket.

A freeski champion's guide to Whistler
A local's guide to visiting Paris
The travel images that transported us in 2025
WORLD'S TABLE
The Mexican beer you can only buy at Christmas

Mexico is the world's largest exporter of beers. But one of its most beloved brews, Noche Buena, is only available for just a few weeks each year.

Sorry, France, the world's best bubbly is British
Why travellers keep queueing for viral food
The controversial snack that fuels Norwegian trips
EARTH
The prehistoric shark found in a suburban town in Scotland

The fossil was so complete experts could see remains of the last meal it ate, 330 million years after it died.

India's solar boom faces a hidden waste problem
Why Britain has a deer problem - leaving damage that costs millions
Chronic water shortages dampen holiday mood in Tanzania's biggest city
VIDEO
BBC Talking Movies top 10 films of 2025

Talking Movies presenter Tom Brook looks back at 2025 to pick the top 10 films of the year.

The AI toys taking over Christmas shopping lists
The forgotten underground river that shaped Paris
Watch playful hyena cubs cause mayhem
DISCOVER MORE FROM THE BBC
Royal Watch

The full story on the Royal Family, in your inbox every Thursday.

Download the BBC app

Click here to download the BBC app for Apple and Android devices.

US Politics Unspun

No noise. No agenda. Just expert analysis of the issues that matter most from Anthony Zurcher, every Wednesday.

Register for a BBC account

Don't have time to read everything right now? Your BBC account lets you save articles and videos for later.

Sign up for the Essential List

The week's best stories, handpicked by BBC editors, in your inbox every Tuesday and Friday.

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Arts
Travel
Earth
Audio
Video
Live
Weather
BBC Shop
BritBox
BBC in other languages
Follow BBC on:
Terms of Use
Subscription Terms
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Contact the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info
BBC.com Help & FAQs
Content Index

Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

 