Home - Birkbeck, University of London Skip to main content Birkbeck Home Students Research Businesses Alumni Birkbeck Home Search Menu Search keywords Search Home Find a course Study Study here Undergraduate study Postgraduate study MPhil/PhD research Short courses Entry requirements Financial support How to apply Come and meet us Evening study explained International Students Student Services Library Life at Birkbeck Student life at Birkbeck The Birkbeck Experience Boost your career About Birkbeck About us Find us Contact us Research Faculties and Schools Events News Previous Slide ◀︎ Pause carousel Next Slide ▶︎ Undergraduate study Apply now for October 2026 Study with us and gain a University of London degree. Apply Now Open Day: 7 March Postgraduate study Apply now and start in January 2026 Fit a master's around your schedule. Apply for January Open Evening: 18 March Undergraduate Programmes Postgraduate Programmes Find a course Search Course Level Undergraduate (BA, BSc, LLB, CertHE programme enrolment) Postgraduate (MA, MSc, LLM, MRes) MPhil/PhD research School(s) Birkbeck Business School Birkbeck Centre for Counselling Birkbeck Law School School of Computing and Mathematical Sciences School of Creative Arts, Culture and Communication School of Historical Studies School of Natural Sciences School of Psychological Sciences School of Social Sciences If you don't want to search you can browse our courses instead. Looking for short courses or certificates of higher education (modular enrolment)? Visit our short course page to browse or search. Home Studying at Birkbeck Undergraduate study Browse our full- and part-time undergraduate courses and find out what it's like to study at our central London campus. Postgraduate study Choose the best postgraduate course for you from our wide range of study options, and find information about entry requirements and how to apply. International students There is nowhere better to study than London and Birkbeck is at its geographic and academic heart. Find out everything you need to know about coming to study here. Undergraduate applicant hub Find all the essential information you need about studying at Birkbeck. Top reasons to choose Birkbeck Birkbeck is a member of the prestigious University of London and a leading research university. Find out more about the ways Birkbeck could change your life. Funding Birkbeck is committed to doing all we can to help you to finance your studies. Birkbeck campus tour Follow Birkbeck student Charlie as she takes you on a tour of our central London campus. You can see our teaching spaces, library, cafe and restaurant, as well as the beautiful green spaces that surround our buildings. Come and meet us Research with impact Discover how Birkbeck’s socially engaged research informs public policy, pushes scientific, medical and technological advances, supports the economy, promotes culture and the arts and makes a positive difference to society. MPhil/PhD research Birkbeck has a large, vibrant community of MPhil/PhD researchers. Find out about our lively research culture,  world-leading academics and the areas of supervision we offer. Study that fits around you Find out how our range of study options will help you achieve your ambitions. Our prospectus is now digital Explore our courses and find out more about being a student with us. Request a digital prospectus News Birkbeck research culture award funding: penultimate cohort announced New awards and reflections on impact mark the penultimate round of Birkbeck’s Institutional Funding for Research Culture programme. View more news Events calendar Start to Teach 2026 (session 1) 9 January 2026 12:00 — 16:00 Birkbeck Main Building, Malet Street Book your place View more events Student stories What our students say Mariam Tahir graduated with a MSc Analytical Bioscience degree after coming to the UK as an asylum seeker in 2018. Read about her story, alongside those of other inspirational Birkbeck students. Contact us Get your questions about studying at Birkbeck answered. Contact us Find a course Search Come and meet us Order a Prospectus Quicklinks Study here Find a course Find us Support us Come and meet us Contact us Call us: +44 (0)20 3926 3926 Staff profiles Press office Library IT Services Jobs Professional services Room hire Students Research Businesses Alumni Staff About us BBK magazine Courses disclaimer Equality and diversity Modern slavery statement Freedom of information Governance History Mission Term dates Social media @BirkbeckUoL on Twitter Birkbeck podcasts on Soundcloud BirkbeckVideo on YouTube BirkbeckUni on Instagram Birkbeck on Facebook Birkbeck on LinkedIn Accreditations Additional information Our use of cookies Privacy Terms and conditions Site A-Z Accessibility
                            statement