Corporate information
Shareholders and investors
BBVA in the World
Browser
Español
BBVA.com
Economy
Finance
Innovation
Sustainability
Enterprises
Garanti BBVA
Podcast
Careers
Cenyt Case
Menu 
See main menu
Browser
NEWS BBVA.COM
BBVA in 2025: A Year of Growth and Customer-Centric Innovation

BBVA is poised to end a year marked by record earnings and major progress toward its global strategy. This year, the Group has launched a digital bank in Germany and begun local operations in Brazil and Abu Dhabi. It has also raised its sustainable business target for 2029 to €700 billion.

financial regulations

"One Year of MiCA: The Market in Figures and the Challenges Ahead"

Claudia Marín Aizpún

Garanti BBVA

Garanti BBVA CEO Assesses 2025 Performance and Outlines the Bank's Roadmap for 2026
1:11

Artificial Intelligence

BBVA and OpenAI Seal a Strategic Alliance to Redefine Banking with Artificial Intelligence
2:14

Corporate information

BBVA to Launch Share Buyback Program of Nearly €4 Billion, the Largest Ever

Digital banking

BBVA Italy Expands Its Investment and Lending Offering to Reach One Million Customers by 2026

Banking

Onur Genç Underscores the Bank’s Commitment to Expanding Its Presence in Europe

Business sustainability

Extra, Extra! How to Transform a Newsprint Mill Into a Circular Economy Leader

Latest news

BBVA Expands its Sustainable Business Activity in 2025 with Operations Tailored to Each Market
BBVA Payment Solutions That Boost Growth for SMEs and the Self-Employed in Spain
Garanti BBVA Launches Asset-Backed Securities
See more
A new way of understanding banking

We transform ourselves to put in your hands all the opportunities of the world

Find out
Sustainability

Cleantech

What Are Clean Technologies? How Does 'Cleantech' Work?
BBVA sets a new target of €700 billion in sustainable business
The Iberian Peninsula needs to invest an additional €250 billion in clean technologies by 2030, according to Cleantech for Iberia

analysis and opinion

"New York Climate Week 2025: sustainability is still here to stay"

Antoni Ballabriga

Strategy

BBVA Channels €97 Billion into Sustainable Business Between January and September 2025 (+48 percent yoy)
1:42

Cleantech

How does BBVA promote clean technologies ecosystem?

Infrastructures

BBVA's New York Office Earns LEED Gold Certification for Sustainable Construction
1:08

SDG

Towards 2029: BBVA and Sustainability as a Growth Driver
Innovation

Innovation

''Our Secret Sauce Combines the Trust and Product Range of an Incumbent with the Digital Experience and Pricing of a Neobank''

Blockchain

Tokenized assets: how a share, a deposit, or even a building becomes digital

Artificial Intelligence

BBVA, the First Bank to Enable Apple Intelligence-powered Card Personalization Directly From its App
Enterprises

Corporate information

BBVA, Companies' Strategic Partner

Enterprises are one of the six major priorities in BBVA’s 2025 - 2029 strategic cycle. The bank supports all companies in every stage of their development, offering accessible solutions, tailored to their needs and reality, a global vision (presence in 25 countries) and expert advice.

Cross-border business

Agustina Ramírez: “Brazil Completes BBVA’s Strategic Footprint in Latin America”

Business finance

BBVA partners with Mastercard and Sabre Direct Pay to transform travel agency payments in Mexico
1:42

Earnings

Earnings: BBVA Posts Record Profit of Nearly €8 Billion through September

Corporate information

BBVA to Start Executing the Nearly €1 Billion Share Buyback Announced Earlier this Year
Annual General Meeting
2:34

Corporate information

BBVA in 2024, a Video Summary of the Year
1:53

Corporate information

Carlos Torres Vila: "Both BBVA and Banco Sabadell shareholders will become the owners of a bank better prepared for the future”

Corporate information

BBVA shareholders overwhelmingly support the bank’s management and the re-election of Carlos Torres Vila and Onur Genç

BBVA shareholders showed overwhelming support for all of the items proposed on the agenda at the 2025 Annual General Meeting, held this Friday. Quorum for the meeting reached 72.9 percent– an all-time high. The bank’s corporate management in 2024 received the support of 98.9 percent of the shareholders. Furthermore, the re-election as board members of BBVA Chair, Carlos Torres Vila, and CEO, Onur Genç, was backed by 97.4 percent and 99.1 percent of the votes, respectively.

Strategy

BBVA donates €300,000 to social and environmental projects at its2025 Annual General Meeting
Some podcasts you should listen to
Ami Vitale: The gaze of the last white rhinoceros
Jamil Zaki: ''The Christmas Truce''
Josephine Quinn: Exploring the Origins of the West
John Maeda: The value of simplicity
Sitemap Cookies Personal Data Whistleblowing Channel Report Vulnerabilities Legal notice Security RSS

© Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 2025

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. owner of this portal uses cookies and/or similar technologies of its own and third parties for the purposes of personalization, analytics, behavioral advertising or advertising related to your preferences based on a profile prepared from your browsing habits (e.g. pages visited). If you wish to obtain more detailed information, consult our Cookies Policy.

Cookie Settings
Reject
Accept