Blue Cross and Blue Shield Nationwide Health Insurance | bcbs.com | Blue Cross Blue Shield Members Members Take advantage of your plan benefits today by using our tools and resources, created just for you. My Plan Find a Doctor Member Resources Don't miss out: Open enrollment 2026 is here! Learn More Explore Plans Explore Plans We're here to offer you the best plan possible for your family, your business, your health and your lifestyle. Medicare Individuals & Families Employers International Explore affordable health care plans Learn More About Us About Us Learn about our mission, our goals, our teams and how we serve our community. Who We Are What We Do Work with Us In the News Get to know the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association Learn More News & Insights News & Insights Read our stories and expert perspectives on the health care landscape in the U.S. and beyond. Latest News Reports Will Congress renew health tax credit? Read More Help Help FAQ Glossary Contact Find a Doctor Help FAQ Glossary Contact Find a Doctor Need to access your benefits? We can help you find your local BCBS company. Login and look up your plan. Let's Get Started What can we help you with today? Access my BCBS Benefits Latest News MEMBERS Open enrollment for 2026 Learn More Healthy Communities Food is medicine: Managing health with nutrition Read More Affordability Lower-cost insulin on the way in 2026 Read More Medicare 4 key benefits of choosing Medicare Advantage Read More AFFORDABILITY Sticker shock if Congress lets tax credit expire Read More View All ABOUT US Get to know Blue Cross and Blue Shield We're committed to making health care insurance easy, affordable and attainable for all. Learn More International Health Insurance Coverage for global adventures We offer affordable, high-quality health insurance solutions for individuals, families and employers. Explore International Coverage The latest in health care, delivered. Subscribe to stay in the know on health care industry news and insights. Subscribe By submitting your email address, you agree to the Privacy Policy . Members My Plan Find a Doctor Member Resources Explore Plans Individuals & Families Medicare Employers International About Us Who We Are What We Do Work with Us In the News News & Insights Latest News Reports Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Health Care Fraud © 2025 Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. All Rights Reserved. The Blue Cross Blue Shield Association is an association of independent, locally operated Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies.