Connecting the Coast | BC Ferries homepage Toggle
                            navigation Menu Toggle navigation Login Service notices Schedules Book now Login Current conditions Conditions by route Departures & arrivals Major terminal status Terminal webcams Ferry tracking Service notices Schedules Book now Login Current conditions Conditions by route Departures & arrivals Major terminal status Terminal webcams Ferry tracking Routes & fares Routes & fares Fare choices are available on routes between Metro Vancouver and Vancouver Island to provide more value, choice and certainty. Learn more Routes Fare & fee information Fare choices Experience Card Assured Loading Card Fare calculator Gift certificates Schedules Travel tips Learn more Book sailings Book sailings Information to help plan and make personal, group, commercial, and travel agent bookings. Find out more Book now Personal Commercial Group Travel agents & tours Schedules Bookable deck space Download the BC Ferries app Learn more Travel & boarding Travel & boarding Directions, transit options, and important check-in and boarding information for foot passengers and drivers. Find out more Travel tips Terminals Public transportation, bus & coach Foot passengers Bicycles Drivers Travelling with pets Boarding with luggage Livestock Dangerous goods Accessibility Download the BC Ferries app Learn more On the ferry On the ferry Welcome aboard. Explore our fleet for information on safety, accessibility, dining, shopping, and more on our ferries. Find out more Fleet Eat, shop & relax Travel tips Learn more Deals & offers Deals & offers Take advantage of our latest onboard, sailing and promotions. We've got the perfect deal for you. Find out more Sailing specials Onboard offers Gift certificates Coastal Perks offers Sign up for offers Saving is always in season Get away this winter with Saver fares from $49 one-way for car and driver for sailings between Metro Vancouver and Vancouver Island. Book now Trip planning & activities Trip planning & activities BC is known for its diverse regions, from the vast wilderness of Northern BC, to the crystal-clear waters along the Sunshine Coast, to the outdoor playground of Vancouver Island. Find your next destination today. Go to trip planning Book activities Events Travel tips Sail & drive itineraries Places to visit Places to stay Indigenous experiences Deals & Offers Be the first to know Receive special offers, travel updates, trip inspiration and Coastal Perks. Subscribe to our eNewsletter × Confirm New Booking Another booking already started You have another booking already started. Confirm you want to clear it and continue with your new booking. Confirm No thanks × Important Continue Important Your session has expired. If you still want to book travel, select "Search again" below. Search again 2/2 Saving is always in season Book Saver fares Web Book Conditions Schedules Activities Sailing schedules Select a route to view current schedules. Leave from Select destination (city) Going to City Terminal View schedules Book sailings *
       Some routes are not bookable. You can proceed to find schedules and pricing for these routes. This is a non-bookable route. Fares are paid at the terminal at the time of travel. One-way Return × Error * Number of sailings that you are trying to add exceeds the allowed limit Edit sailing(s) Cancel Leave from Location (Terminal) Going to Location (Terminal) From To Departure date Date Return date Date Search date: mm/dd/yyyy Search date: mm/dd/yyyy Continue 18 12 View route schedule Calculate fare ​​ Manage bookings /current-conditions Current conditions To check arrival and departure times for today's sailings, view departures and arrivals . Leave from Select destination (city) Going to City Terminal View Conditions Find activities to do at your next destination in BC Add a unique experience you'll never forget to your next vacation. If you are looking for an experience, BC Ferries has adrenalin-packed adventures, heavenly pampering indulgences, fun sport and activity days, and mind-expanding cultural events. Popular categories  Wildlife  Culinary  Guided tours  Attractions Find activities 2/2 Saving is always in season Book Saver fares Featured stories and offers Free Entry – Extended Winter special – free entry extended. Try our new menu, share great food with friends and family, and enjoy free entry with a purchase. Learn More Horseshoe Bay travel changes Customers travelling by vehicle from Horseshoe Bay to Departure Bay (Nanaimo) will need to book and pay in advance due to critical upgrades. View the travel plan The gift of travel Give the gift of travel this holiday season! BC Ferries Gift Certificates, available in $10, $25, $50 and $100 denominations, make perfect stocking stuffers and can be used toward ferry bookings, meals on board, or shopping at Passages. Buy now Give the Best of BC We’ve brought the Best of BC onboard for you! Visit Passages for holiday gifts and treats sourced from throughout BC. Including great gifts from Danica (shown here). Visit Passages BC Ferries App Download the ultimate travel resource for planning and booking ferry travel. Find out more Fleet renewal We're investing in modern vessels that are cleaner, quieter, and ready to support the needs of a growing province. Learn more View all deals & offers Ferry news & updates New Island Class names Two new Island Class vessels will carry names gifted by Snuneymuxw First Nation in the hul’q’umi’num’ language. Learn more New Island Class names Two new Island Class vessels will be named in the Kwak’wala language of the We Wai Kai and We Wai Kum Nations. Learn more Travel tips Planning to travel with us? Check out our top 10 travel tips to make your journey as easy and enjoyable as possible. Learn more Performance and Sustainability Report Learn more about our vision, sustainability efforts, and how we work to reduce environmental impact in our Performance and Sustainabiity Report. Read report Proposal submitted to spread carbon tax savings We submitted a proposal to the BC Ferries Commissioner to use savings from the elimination of the provincial carbon tax to help offset future fare pressures. Learn more Horseshoe Bay booking changes to include customer improvements All customers travelling by vehicle, including motorcycles, from Horseshoe Bay to Nanaimo (Departure Bay) are required to book and pay in advance. Learn more Investing locally to recycle We’re recycling the Bowen Queen and Powell River Queen right here in BC, supporting local jobs and helping build marine recycling capacity in British Columbia. Learn more Visit the newsroom 2/2 Kick-off the year on the coast Plan a getaway to destinations like Parksville or Nanaimo! Explore Central Vancouver Island Add an activity Make your next coastal getaway even more memorable when you add an activity! Choose from wildlife adventures, popular attractions, food tours & more. Browse activities Explore more of coastal BC Victoria Head over to BC's capital this new year! Plan with BC Ferries and enjoy sailing specials, exclusive hotel and activity discounts, and expert trip planning tips. See offers Vancouver Save during your stay in Vancouver with exclusive partner offers for BC Ferries customers. Choose from accommodation, activities and events. See offers Parksville Sail to Parksville to enjoy a relaxing coastal getaway! Plan your trip with BC Ferries to take advantage of sailing specials, and exclusive offers on hotels. See offers onBoard eNewsletter Sign up for email offers BC Ferries app Learn more Connect on social media ​ Our company About us Leadership & governance Indigenous relations Investor relations Freedom of information Procurement Careers Our community Community engagement Community & social investment Policies, reports & plans Fleet renewal Contact us General contact & customer service Service disruptions Media room Property damage or injury claims Missing or damaged baggage Scam alerts Charter a ferry Film production request Sitemap Terms & conditions Privacy statement Travel policies Accessibility Employee login Copyright © 2025 British Columbia Ferry Services Inc. Very weak Weak Medium Strong Very strong password.strength.unsafepwd Too short Use %d - %m characters with a mix of any 3 [upper case letters, lower case letters, numbers & symbols] 8 32 Password must be more than eight characters and contain a mix of any three of the following: upper case letters, numbers and symbols. Password must be less than 32 characters and contain a mix of any three of the following: upper case letters, numbers and symbols. Enter current password Enter valid email address Password not valid Select account type Enter first name Enter last name Confirm Email Not Valid Password must be more than eight characters and contain a mix of any three of the following: upper case letters, numbers and symbols. Passwords do not match Enter valid postal/zip code Loading... Please wait... Stores loaded View schedule from View sailing status from Discover our routes from to