Cookie Consent

We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By accepting, you help us improve site performance, personalize content, and assist us in our marketing efforts. You can change your preferences at any time.

Limit Cookies
Accept All Cookies
The Movement
Standards
Programs & Tools
About B Corps
Find a B Corp
News
DonateSign in
Make Business a Force For Good

B Lab is the nonprofit network transforming the global economy to benefit all people, communities, and the planet.

We won't stop until all business is a force for good.

Donate today
1,048,380
Workers
1
Unifying goal
10,409
Companies
163
Industries
103
Countries
Learn more about our mission
Leaders build communities, not just profits
01
/
05
At Danone, we believe that performance and sustainability - environmental and social - go hand-in-hand: we know they actually feed one another. It is also very clear to us that performance without sustainability has no future, but it is equally clear that sustainability without performance has no real impact. Our B Corp certification, and the high standards it sets, help us further amplify and formalize this throughout the organization, as we keep delivering on our mission of providing health through food to as many people as possible.
Antoine de Saint-Affrique
CEO, Danone
Our Team
Our Movement
Our Standards
Our Programs
Our global network powers the movement around the world
Latest News
Explore More
B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 8: How do we put our money to work for climate? With Seventh Generation
By B Lab Global
December 17, 2025

Climate finance is one of the most overlooked levers for climate action. In our last episode of the season, B Lab and Seventh Generation unpack how companies can shift their money toward solutions that drive a more just and sustainable future.

Learn More
B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 7: How do we ensure everyone benefits from climate action?
By B Lab Global
December 10, 2025

This episode of Forces for Good unpacks the Principles for Partnership with Frontline Communities and what it takes for businesses to turn climate commitments into equitable action.

Learn More
B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 6: How do we grow crops to nourish both people and the planet?
By B Lab Global
November 25, 2025

Can we feed the world without harming it? This episode explores the urgent shift to sustainable agriculture and the bold solutions emerging from Latin America.

Learn More

Transforming the global economy to benefit all people, communities, and the planet.

Sign up to our Insights newsletter, a monthly digest of the latest news on economic systems change from B Lab Global.

We take the security of your data seriously, read our privacy policy for further information. For newsletter communications relating to your local region, please visit Global Partner sites to subscribe.

Submit
The Movement
Building the Movement
About B Lab
Support Our Work
Global Network
Our Team
Our Theory of Change
Stakeholder Governance
Justice, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion
Collaborations & Partnerships
Careers
Contact Us
Standards
About Our Standards
Explore the new B Lab Standards
Certifying on the B Lab Standards
Standards Development & Governance
Standards Advisory Council
Advisory & Working Groups
Controversial Issues
Public Complaints Process
Programs & Tools
Programs & Tools
B Impact
SDG Action Manager
B Movement Builders
Pending B Corps
Collective Action
Global Policy
About B Corps
About B Corp Certification
Legal Requirements
Multinationals & Large Enterprise Businesses
Knowledge Base
Resources
FAQs
B Corp Films
B Corp Month
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
Youtube
Instagram
Copyright © 2025 B Lab. All rights reserved.
Created in partnership with PROVOC
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Security Notice | Certification Notice