B Labs Logo - Home Link The Movement Building the Movement About B Lab Support Our Work Global Network Our Team Our Theory of Change Stakeholder Governance Justice, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Collaborations & Partnerships Careers Contact Us Standards About Our Standards Explore the new B Lab Standards Certifying on the B Lab Standards Standards Development & Governance Standards Advisory Council Advisory & Working Groups Controversial Issues Public Complaints Process Programs & Tools Programs & Tools B Impact SDG Action Manager B Movement Builders Pending B Corps Collective Action Global Policy About B Corps About B Corp Certification Legal Requirements Multinationals & Large Enterprise Businesses Knowledge Base Resources FAQs B Corp Films B Corp Month Find a B Corp News Donate Sign in B Labs Logo - Home Link Donate Sign in B Labs Logo - Home Link The Movement Building the Movement About B Lab Support Our Work Global Network Our Team Our Theory of Change Stakeholder Governance Justice, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Collaborations & Partnerships Careers Contact Us Standards About Our Standards Explore the new B Lab Standards Certifying on the B Lab Standards Standards Development & Governance Standards Advisory Council Advisory & Working Groups Controversial Issues Public Complaints Process Programs & Tools Programs & Tools B Impact SDG Action Manager B Movement Builders Pending B Corps Collective Action Global Policy About B Corps About B Corp Certification Legal Requirements Multinationals & Large Enterprise Businesses Knowledge Base Resources FAQs B Corp Films B Corp Month Find a B Corp News Make Business a Force For Good B Lab is the nonprofit network transforming the global economy to benefit all people, communities, and the planet. We won't stop until all business is a force for good. Donate today 1,048,380 Workers 1 Unifying goal 10,409 Companies 163 Industries 103 Countries Make Business a Force For Good 1,048,380 Workers 10,409 Companies 1 Unifying goal 103 Countries 163 Industries 1,048,380 Workers 1 Unifying goal 10,409 Companies 163 Industries 103 Countries B Lab is the nonprofit network transforming the global economy to benefit all people, communities, and the planet. We won't stop until all business is a force for good. Donate today Learn more about our mission Leaders build communities, not just profits 01 / 05 At Danone, we believe that performance and sustainability - environmental and social - go hand-in-hand: we know they actually feed one another. It is also very clear to us that performance without sustainability has no future, but it is equally clear that sustainability without performance has no real impact. Our B Corp certification, and the high standards it sets, help us further amplify and formalize this throughout the organization, as we keep delivering on our mission of providing health through food to as many people as possible. Antoine de Saint-Affrique CEO, Danone We were looking for a way to formalize and push ourselves further on all the actions we were taking to better our practice in our estates: at the time B Corp Certification seemed the most complete and exhaustive commitment to our environmental and social goals. Saskia de Rothschild CEO, Château Lafite Rothschild With the influence of the B Corp movement as a credible alternative to business as usual and the benefit corporation legal structure providing a framework for stakeholder governance, B Lab has the track record of credible impact necessary to lead business into the future. Reid Hoffman Co-Founder of LinkedIn The values that B Corps uphold are essential for creating a sustainable and equitable future. Our partnership has multiplied our impact, demonstrating that corporate climate action and associated values such as transparency and accountability make good business sense. María Mendiluce CEO, We Mean Business Coalition We need business leaders to drive meaningful change within their organizations and advocate for impactful policies at all levels. B Corps are leading the way in demonstrating what is possible, both individually and collectively, by setting a higher standard for responsible and sustainable business practices. Gonzalo Muñoz Entrepreneur, UN Climate Change High-Level Champion, and Co-Founder of Sistema B 01 / 05 Leaders build communities, not just profits 01 / 05 At Danone, we believe that performance and sustainability - environmental and social - go hand-in-hand: we know they actually feed one another. It is also very clear to us that performance without sustainability has no future, but it is equally clear that sustainability without performance has no real impact. Our B Corp certification, and the high standards it sets, help us further amplify and formalize this throughout the organization, as we keep delivering on our mission of providing health through food to as many people as possible. Antoine de Saint-Affrique CEO, Danone We were looking for a way to formalize and push ourselves further on all the actions we were taking to better our practice in our estates: at the time B Corp Certification seemed the most complete and exhaustive commitment to our environmental and social goals. Saskia de Rothschild CEO, Château Lafite Rothschild With the influence of the B Corp movement as a credible alternative to business as usual and the benefit corporation legal structure providing a framework for stakeholder governance, B Lab has the track record of credible impact necessary to lead business into the future. Reid Hoffman Co-Founder of LinkedIn The values that B Corps uphold are essential for creating a sustainable and equitable future. Our partnership has multiplied our impact, demonstrating that corporate climate action and associated values such as transparency and accountability make good business sense. María Mendiluce CEO, We Mean Business Coalition We need business leaders to drive meaningful change within their organizations and advocate for impactful policies at all levels. B Corps are leading the way in demonstrating what is possible, both individually and collectively, by setting a higher standard for responsible and sustainable business practices. Gonzalo Muñoz Entrepreneur, UN Climate Change High-Level Champion, and Co-Founder of Sistema B 01 / 05 Our Team Our Movement Our Standards Our Programs Our Team Our Movement Our Standards Our Programs Our global network powers the movement around the world B Lab Global 1801 Market Street, 26th floor Suite 2670 Philadelphia, PA 19103, USA Founded in 2006 B Lab U.S. & Canada 40 Exchange Pl # 1001, New York, NY 10005, USA https://usca.bcorporation.net Founded in 2006 United States, Canada B Lab Africa Ikigai, Westlands, Nairobi, Kenya https://b-labafrica.net Founded in 2017 B Lab Australia & Aotearoa New Zealand The Commons QV, 3 Albert Coates Lane, Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia https://www.bcorporation.com.au Founded in 2013 B Lab Europe Mauritskade 63, 1092 AD Amsterdam, Netherlands https://bcorporation.eu Founded in 2013 Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg (BeNeLux), France, Germany, Italy, Nordics, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland B Lab Hong Kong & Macau Unit C, 4/F, 760 Cheung Sha Wan Rd, Lai Chi Kok, Hong Kong https://blabhkm.com Founded in 2020 B Lab Korea #611 Sangwon1-gil 26, Seongdong-gu, Seoul, Korea https://bcorporation.co.kr Founded in 2019 B Lab Singapore 15 Yan Kit Road #03-00 Singapore 088267 https://www.bcorpsingapore.org/ Founded in 2022 B Lab Taiwan No. 3, Lane 265, Section 2, Heping E Rd, Da’an District, Taipei City, Taiwan 106 https://blab.tw Founded in 2017 B Lab UK X and Why, 20-30 Whitechapel Road, London, E1 1EW, United Kingdom https://bcorporation.uk Founded in 2015 B Market Builder: China Leping Social Entrepreneur Foundation, 2nd Floor of North Building, No.7 Banqiao Nan Xiang, Dongcheng District, Beijing 100007, China Founded in 2021 B Market Builder: Japan Japan https://bcorporation.jp/ Founded in 2018 B Market Builder: Southeast Asia Southeast Asia https://bcorpsea.org Founded in 2018 Sistema B Pdte Errázuriz 3949, Las Condes, Región Metropolitana, Chile https://www.sistemab.org Founded in 2011 Argentina, Brasil, Central America, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay Latest News Explore More B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 8: How do we put our money to work for climate? With Seventh Generation By B Lab Global December 17, 2025 Climate finance is one of the most overlooked levers for climate action. In our last episode of the season, B Lab and Seventh Generation unpack how companies can shift their money toward solutions that drive a more just and sustainable future. Learn More B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 7: How do we ensure everyone benefits from climate action? By B Lab Global December 10, 2025 This episode of Forces for Good unpacks the Principles for Partnership with Frontline Communities and what it takes for businesses to turn climate commitments into equitable action. Learn More B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 6: How do we grow crops to nourish both people and the planet? By B Lab Global November 25, 2025 Can we feed the world without harming it? This episode explores the urgent shift to sustainable agriculture and the bold solutions emerging from Latin America. Learn More 01 / 03 B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 8: How do we put our money to work for climate? With Seventh Generation By B Lab Global December 17, 2025 Climate finance is one of the most overlooked levers for climate action. In our last episode of the season, B Lab and Seventh Generation unpack how companies can shift their money toward solutions that drive a more just and sustainable future. Learn More B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 7: How do we ensure everyone benefits from climate action? By B Lab Global December 10, 2025 This episode of Forces for Good unpacks the Principles for Partnership with Frontline Communities and what it takes for businesses to turn climate commitments into equitable action. Learn More B Lab Forces For Good Podcast Season 4 — Episode 6: How do we grow crops to nourish both people and the planet? By B Lab Global November 25, 2025 Can we feed the world without harming it? This episode explores the urgent shift to sustainable agriculture and the bold solutions emerging from Latin America. Learn More 01 / 03 B Labs Logo - Home Link Transforming the global economy to benefit all people, communities, and the planet. Sign up to our Insights newsletter, a monthly digest of the latest news on economic systems change from B Lab Global. Thank you - you are now subscribed to the B Lab Global Insights newsletter. We take the security of your data seriously, read our privacy policy for further information. For newsletter communications relating to your local region, please visit Global Partner sites to subscribe. Submit The Movement Building the Movement About B Lab Support Our Work Global Network Our Team Our Theory of Change Stakeholder Governance Justice, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Collaborations & Partnerships Careers Contact Us Standards About Our Standards Explore the new B Lab Standards Certifying on the B Lab Standards Standards Development & Governance Standards Advisory Council Advisory & Working Groups Controversial Issues Public Complaints Process Programs & Tools Programs & Tools B Impact SDG Action Manager B Movement Builders Pending B Corps Collective Action Global Policy About B Corps About B Corp Certification Legal Requirements Multinationals & Large Enterprise Businesses Knowledge Base Resources FAQs B Corp Films B Corp Month Follow Us Twitter Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Copyright © 2025 B Lab. All rights reserved. Created in partnership with PROVOC Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Security Notice | Certification Notice B Labs Logo - Home Link Sign up to our Insights newsletter, a monthly digest of the latest news on economic systems change from B Lab Global. Thank you - you are now subscribed to the B Lab Global Insights newsletter. We take the security of your data seriously, read our privacy policy for further information. For newsletter communications relating to your local region, please visit Global Partner sites to subscribe. Submit The Movement Standards Programs & Tools About B Corps Copyright © 2025 B Lab. All rights reserved. Created in partnership with PROVOC Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Security Notice | Certification Notice