BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT | BCS Skip to content Open Menu Community About us Building a trusted profession Training providers Employers Educators Login to MyBCS Membership & registrations IT careers Qualifications & certifications Events & awards Articles, opinion & research BCS MEMBERSHIP Join the global and diverse home for digital, technical and IT professionals. CHARTERED IT PROFESSIONAL CITP validates technical expertise and professional behaviours in the tech industry Become a member Member communities Get registered Membership for organisations Academic membership Register of BCS members Our members Volunteering with BCS STARTING YOUR IT CAREER Kick-start a career in IT, whether you're starting out or looking for a career change. Apprenticeships Continuing professional development (CPD) SFIAplus - IT skills framework Tech Job Quiz SOFTWARE TESTING CERTIFICATION Over 100,000 professionals worldwide are certified with BCS. ESSENTIAL DIGITAL SKILLS Improve your digital skills so you can get on in today's workplace. Certifications for professionals Online IT professional development courses Digital literacy qualifications Higher education qualifications (HEQ) Training and scholarships for teachers Home education EVENTS CALENDAR View all of our upcoming events. Awards and competitions UK IT Industry Awards BCS IT & Digital Apprenticeship Awards Lovelace Medal Society Medal Karen Spärck Jones Lecture Roger Needham Award Events calendar ARTICLES, OPINION AND RESEARCH The latest insights, ideas and perspectives. In focus Artificial Intelligence Security / data / privacy Government policy Open Search Search BCS Search Submit Search Membership & registrations IT careers Qualifications & certifications Events & awards Articles, opinion & research Community About us Building a trusted profession Training providers Employers Educators Back BCS MEMBERSHIP Join the global and diverse home for digital, technical and IT professionals. CHARTERED IT PROFESSIONAL CITP validates technical expertise and professional behaviours in the tech industry Become a member Member communities Get registered Membership for organisations Academic membership Register of BCS members Our members Volunteering with BCS STARTING YOUR IT CAREER Kick-start a career in IT, whether you're starting out or looking for a career change. Apprenticeships Continuing professional development (CPD) SFIAplus - IT skills framework Tech Job Quiz SOFTWARE TESTING CERTIFICATION Over 100,000 professionals worldwide are certified with BCS. ESSENTIAL DIGITAL SKILLS Improve your digital skills so you can get on in today's workplace. Certifications for professionals Online IT professional development courses Digital literacy qualifications Higher education qualifications (HEQ) Training and scholarships for teachers Home education EVENTS CALENDAR View all of our upcoming events. Awards and competitions UK IT Industry Awards BCS IT & Digital Apprenticeship Awards Lovelace Medal Society Medal Karen Spärck Jones Lecture Roger Needham Award Events calendar ARTICLES, OPINION AND RESEARCH The latest insights, ideas and perspectives. In focus Artificial Intelligence Security / data / privacy Government policy Login to MyBCS The professional body for computing Helping technologists reach their potential and play their part in building a positive digital future Become a member About us Membership Join the global home of professionals, business leaders and educators in tech. End Point Assessment Find out about working with the leading digital EPAO Tech careers Just starting out or looking for a new direction? Kickstart your IT career here. Previous Slide Next Slide Progress your career 01. Paul 02. Cameron 03. Kristel 04. Soheir Discover membership 01. Paul Head of information technology The value that BCS provides to us as an organisation is around staff development and professional recognition. Discover membership 02. Cameron Digital apprentice A lot of people think IT is very office-based and involves sitting at computers, in front of a monitor - that’s definitely not the case. We are constantly out on sites and being hands-on plugging things in - the job is also a combination of the physical and the technical. Discover membership 03. Kristel Business support manager It's great to have those letters after your name, to show you've got that passion for what you do. Discover membership 04. Soheir Committee member The best part of BCS is making connections and expanding your network. Discover membership Featured Report AI ethics and professional registrations in the UK report The public expect tech professionals to be publicly registered and meet a code of conduct, BCS research finds. Article The best of ITNOW 2025 13 hours ago BCS comment 42% rise in UK students taking degrees in artificial intelligence 7 days ago Report Demand for UK computing degrees in 2025 8 days ago View all Something for... Individuals Membership Qualifications Community Organisations Membership Approved Organisations RoleModelplus - Developing digital talent Government Policy and influence Expert opinion Events Training providers Apprenticeships Certification Digital skills Who we are About us Press office Our royal charter You might also like: Academy of Computing Learned publishing Jobs board Legal and privacy Legal and privacy notices Accessibility Policies Highlights Contact us Policy and influence Careers at BCS BCS Bookshop Data privacy notice Copyright notice Use of cookies © 2025 BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT | England and Wales (No. 292786) and Scotland (No. SC051487)