Birmingham City University We use cookies on this website to improve the experience we provide. By continuing to use our site you agree to this, or visit our cookie policy to manage your settings. OK Birmingham City University Skip to main content Skip to main menu Search the BCU website View saved courses Open main menu Saved courses Search website About us About BCU With over 31,000 students from over 100 countries, we’re a large and diverse university set in the heart of Birmingham with a focus on practice-based learning. Schools/Subjects Our subjects Our Schools The University News and events About the University Our history University Executive Team Our Chancellor Policies and procedures Social responsibility Social and Economic Impact More in this section Contact us Maps and campuses Corporate Information Sustainability Job vacancies Schools and colleges Parents and Carers About us Our Schools News & events Contact us Courses Our courses Discover our wide range of contemporary courses, built with practice-based learning and international opportunities at every stage. Level of Study Foundation Undergraduate Postgraduate Taught Postgraduate Research Apprenticeships Mode of Study Full-time courses Part-time courses Online learning Short courses and CPD Course Search All courses Courses by subject Jan/later starts More in this section Open Days Course enquiries team Our prospectuses Our courses Find your course Open days Our prospectuses Student information Life as a BCU student Find out everything you need to know about being a student at BCU, including accommodation, Open Days and how to apply. Studying at BCU Why study at BCU Be more employable Reasons to choose us Financial support Life in Birmingham Open days Our facilities Applying for BCU How to apply Entry requirements Application advice After you apply Accommodation Enrolment Student partnership agreement Types of Study About studying here Foundation Undergraduate Postgraduate Part-time Studying abroad Apprenticeships More on studying Preparing for university Students' Union (BCUSU) Transfer arrangements Learning support University regulations The student contract Mature students Student Info Open Days Accommodation Life in Birmingham Alumni Your Alumni community Our alumni community stay involved with the University such as through reunion events, and mentoring programmes, by offering placements, and as international ambassadors. Community About us Join our community News and events Our alumni Benefits and discounts Giving back Alumni Services Your BCU email Graduate Scholarship Accessing BCU systems Library membership Certificates and transcripts Verifications Careers support Graduate employment support Self employment support Volunteering and mentoring Graduate events and training Graduate Outcomes Survey Jobs portal Graduation Graduation ceremonies Gowning and photography Guest tickets What happens on the day Alumni of the Year Graduation FAQs Stay in touch News and events Graduation Careers support International Study in the UK's second city Find out about studying with us alongside students from around 100 countries worldwide at our modern and
            dynamic university. Prospective students Why study here? Life in Birmingham Why choose BCU? Our focus on employability Accommodation Student support Study abroad Study in China International Summer School BCU International College Study costs Fee costs and scholarships Tuition fees Living costs Scholarships Earn while you learn How to pay Applying Courses How to apply Application timeline Entry requirements English requirements Foundation programmes Accepting an offer Planning your arrival January starts Get in touch Contact us BCU in your country Social Media International webinars International Guide Request a call Visit us Refer a friend Agents Partnerships International Study Why study here? How to apply Contact us Business services Visit our Business Services homepage Access a selection of our services for businesses and organisations below or 'view all' to see all business support in each category. Attend Upcoming Events Venue Hire Careers Fairs & Events View All Recruit Graduate Recruitment Placements & Internships Advertise Jobs View All Collaborate Knowledge Transfer Partnership (KTP) Consultancy Services Innovation Services View All Learn Short Courses Continuing Professional Development (CPD) Apprenticeships View All Business Services Home News & Blog Upcoming Events About Research Discover our research Our researchers and research centres aim to make an original contribution to knowledge and the world. View our research centres . Areas of Research Art, Architecture and Design Business Built Environment Computing and Digital Technology Education and Social Work Engineering Life and Sport Sciences English Health and Social Care Law Media and Cultural Studies Music and Performance Psychology Social Sciences More information Pure Portal Research Degrees Research highlights Meet our researchers Research ethos All research projects Our Research Our PhDs You have no saved courses. How do you save a course? It's simple, just look for the 'save this course' buttons when viewing course search results, listings or details. What can you do with saved courses? Saving courses allow you to compare them, it also allows you to create a permanent list of 'favourites' that will always be there when you visit our site. More about saved Courses Beyonder. Undergraduate Open Event Thursday 8 January 2026 Book now Personal statement help Why choose us Gold for student experience, overall rating silver (TEF, 2023) £500m invested in industry-standard facilities 8th in England for social mobility (HEPI, 2024) Find your course Search keyword or course Select academic year of study 2025/26 2026/27 Search Whether you want to pursue a passion, or take the next step in your career, our
                practice-based, innovative courses have everything you need to thrive. Download your free Personal Statement guide Not sure how to write your personal statement? Download your free guide which includes subject-specific examples from real students, as well as guidance on how to use AI safely. Download the guide Best for work experience in the West Midlands BCU has been named as the best university in the West Midlands for providing
          resources and support to students looking for work experience. Read more Applying to BCU Scholarships With one of our scholarship schemes, you could receive extra funding and support to kick start your BCU journey. See if you're eligible 5 reasons to apply now The 2026 UCAS deadline is 14 January 2026 , see why it's so important to get your application in on time. Why you should apply now Take a virtual tour Experience a day in the life as a BCU student through immersive 360-degree tours of the industry-standard facilities across our campuses. Explore BCU Worried about exams? Don't be. We’ve got a load of helpful revision hacks to get ready for your mock exams. Get revision help Birmingham City University: Beyonders Beyonders Birmingham was built as an answer. Built by people who reach beyond. That's why we call them Beyonders. Reaching beyond Postgraduate study Whether you want to pursue a passion, take the next step in your career or even change direction completely, our practice-based, innovative postgraduate courses have everything you need to thrive. Postgraduate study at BCU Life at BCU Accommodation We have seven halls of residence offering a range of on campus and inner city living. Halls of Residence Student Life Whether you’re moving to Birmingham or you’re a Brummie at heart, there’s so much to student life here to explore. Life in Birmingham Student support From disability and mental health support to CV advice, BCU ensures you have all you need during your time here. Support we offer BCU Boost BCU Boost is a unique financial support package designed to simplify your student life at BCU, from the moment you apply, through to graduation day. It includes travel incentives, helpful tips for managing your finances, access to professional financial support, and discounts on food and drink across our campuses. Discover BCU Boost University News Islam Issa brings powerful new insight to Cleopatra’s Egypt in BBC’s 'Civilisations: Rise and Fall' The BBC’s flagship arts series Civilisations: Rise and Fall returns this month - and one of the key expert voices guiding audiences through this extraordinary journey is award-winning writer, broadcaster and cultural historian Professor Islam Issa. New book brings Birmingham City University’s 182-year story to life Birmingham City University (BCU) is turning the page on nearly two centuries of education with the launch of a new book. Richard Tandy memorial concert raises £9,000 for RBC scholarship fund A near-packed-out Bradshaw Hall celebrated the life and legacy of the late Electric Light Orchestra keyboardist Richard Tandy – raising a further £9,000 for a scholarship fund to support aspiring pianists, keyboardists, and guitarists at the Royal Birmingham Conservatoire (RBC). See all news Popular links About us How to apply International Maps and Directions Contact us Careers at BCU Term Dates Prospectus Alumni Search Search Recent searches We won't record your recent searches as you have opted out of functional cookies.
                    You can change this on our Manage Privacy page should you wish to. Popular searches Virtual Tour Personal Statement guide Postgraduate study Scholarships Open Days Suggested searches Accommodation Life in Birmingham Reaching beyond Graduate Scholarship Degree Apprenticeships Reaching Beyond. Birmingham City University Curzon Building 4 Cardigan Street Birmingham, B4 7BD United Kingdom +44 (0)121 331 5000 All contact details Maps and directions Our university News and events Online shop Job vacancies Study with us Our courses Our subject areas Our campuses Our students Moodle iCity Library Future students Open days Our prospectus Ask a question Facebook X Instagram Linked-in Youtube TikTok Interested in studying with us? Sign up for our email updates Terms of Use Privacy Notices Policies and Procedures Cookies Accessibility Statement Legal Information Modern Slavery Sign in © 2011-2026 Birmingham City University