BDS Movement | BDS MOVEMENT BDS Movement Select your language English العربية Español LEARN BDS CALL WHAT IS BDS? BDS in Palestine THE BDS NATIONAL COMMITTEE (BNC) About PACBI UPDATES BNC Statements PACBI Statements Get Involved THE "B" IN BDS THE "D" IN BDS THE "S" IN BDS ACTION ALERTS JOIN A BDS CAMPAIGN/ PARTNER WHAT TO BOYCOTT? CONTACT US CAMPAIGNS IMPACT OUR IMPACT SHUTDOWNNATION RESOURCES BDS Guidelines DONATE Menu Facebook Share on facebook (opens in a new window) Twitter Share on twitter (opens in a new window) Tiktok Share on tiktok (opens in a new window) Instagram Share on instagram (opens in a new window) News Select your language English العربية Español Get updates Search website Search website LEARN Expand dropdown BDS CALL WHAT IS BDS? BDS in Palestine THE BDS NATIONAL COMMITTEE (BNC) About PACBI UPDATES Expand dropdown BNC Statements PACBI Statements Get Involved Expand dropdown THE "B" IN BDS THE "D" IN BDS THE "S" IN BDS ACTION ALERTS JOIN A BDS CAMPAIGN/ PARTNER WHAT TO BOYCOTT? CONTACT US CAMPAIGNS IMPACT Expand dropdown OUR IMPACT SHUTDOWNNATION RESOURCES BDS Guidelines News Facebook Twitter Tiktok Instagram 20 YEARS OF THE BDS MOVEMENT LATEST UPDATES ACTION ALERTS NEWS RESOURCES BNC STATEMENTS PACBI STATEMENTS Sign the pledge to boycott Microsoft’s Xbox The BDS movement is partnering with No Games For Genocide. Together we can help end Microsoft’s technological support of Israel illegal apartheid regime and genocide in Gaza. Action Alert No tech for apartheid 10-12-2025 This Black Friday don’t buy into genocide Avoid these BDS targets enabling Israel’s ongoing genocide against Palestinians on Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Action Alert BOYCOTT REEBOK No tech for apartheid BOYCOTT CARREFOUR Boycott HP 27-11-2025 Genocidal Israel further advances illegal, discriminatory bill to execute only Palestinian and other Arab prisoners. Intensify BDS campaigns now, in particular against HP, Microsoft and Cisco to hold companies accountable for helping Israel’s carceral system. Action Alert No tech for apartheid 19-11-2025 Boycott Emirates Airline Festival of Literature 2026 The Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel (PACBI), a founding member of the largest coalition in Palestinian society that leads the global BDS movement, calls upon all conscientious Arab and international authors to withdraw from the Emirates Airline Festival of Literature 2026, which is scheduled to begin on January 21, 2026. PACBI Statement 16-12-2025 BDS movement calls for civil society mobilization as partner ELSC initiates legal actions to stop Portuguese-flagged vessel carrying 440 tonnes of arms to genocidal Israel. The Holger G is illegally transporting military materiel to Israel for use in its genocide against Palestinians. The cargo reportedly includes approximately 175 tonnes of 155 mm artillery ammunition, 125 tonnes of military-grade steel, and 140 tonnes of mortar bomb components. In the News #BlockTheBoat Military Embargo Sanctions and governments 18-12-2025 Live Nation: Artwashing Israel’s Live-Streamed Genocide PACBI calls for pressure on Live Nation Entertainment, including strategic, targeted boycotts, until it takes meaningful steps to account for its deep complicity in Israel’s ongoing genocide in Gaza—especially by dropping its subsidiary Live Nation Israel that openly supports the genocidal Israeli military and artwashes apartheid. PACBI Statement Cultural Boycott 9-12-2025 Policy Brief - State Duties regarding Immigration and Visa Waiver policies The Palestinian BDS National Committee (BNC), as the largest coalition of Palestinian civil society and the leadership of the global BDS movement, calls on partners, allies and supporters across the world to pressure their governments to amend immigration and visa policies to align with international legal standards and obligations. Briefing Sanctions and governments 12-08-2025 No Room for Genocide: Organizing Toolkit This July, we launched the 'No Room for Genocide' campaign, calling on global civil society to pressure governments to amend immigration and visa policies to align with international legal standards and obligations. Across the world, the demand for ending Israel’s genocide in Gaza and holding it accountable for its atrocity crimes are growing. International law is clear on legal obligations of Third States to end all forms of complicity in the commission of Israel’s war crimes, crimes against humanity (including apartheid), and “plausible” genocide.
These include the responsibility to ensure war criminals are denied passage or haven by Third States and prosecuted for their crimes. Countering the wilful negligence of states in upholding this responsibility and responding to the Palestinian civil society call to ensure there is No Room for Genocide, small businesses in the hospitality and tourism sector as well as solidarity groups are taking courageous actions. To amplify this campaign and support hospitality business owners, ethical tourism movements and solidarity groups in taking effective action, read and share this campaign toolkit. Toolkit 11-08-2025 Disrupting Energy Corporations for the Liberation of Palestine Alliances, strategies and tactics grassroots movements can use to target Eni and Dana Petroleum towards a global energy embargo for Palestine Toolkit Energy Embargo 4-06-2025 HISTORIC: Legislation in the US, sponsored by 22 members of Congress, calls for sanctions on Israel. Now is the time to escalate BDS pressure. BNC Statement Military Embargo Sanctions and governments 26-11-2025 UN Security Council shamefully votes to endorse illegal and colonial Trump-Netanyahu plan for Gaza Let’s escalate BDS pressure to further isolate apartheid Israel and stop the genocide. BNC Statement Ethnic cleansing GAZA 18-11-2025 Western Complicity in Apartheid Israel’s Brutal Violence Heightens Palestinian Resistance & International Solidarity The BDS movement strongly condemns the governments of the colonial West for, once again, hypocritically standing with apartheid Israel and duly... BNC Statement Sanctions and governments 7-10-2023 Boycott Emirates Airline Festival of Literature 2026 The Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel (PACBI), a founding member of the largest coalition in Palestinian society that leads the global BDS movement, calls upon all conscientious Arab and international authors to withdraw from the Emirates Airline Festival of Literature 2026, which is scheduled to begin on January 21, 2026. PACBI Statement 16-12-2025 Live Nation: Artwashing Israel’s Live-Streamed Genocide PACBI calls for pressure on Live Nation Entertainment, including strategic, targeted boycotts, until it takes meaningful steps to account for its deep complicity in Israel’s ongoing genocide in Gaza—especially by dropping its subsidiary Live Nation Israel that openly supports the genocidal Israeli military and artwashes apartheid. PACBI Statement Cultural Boycott 9-12-2025 Israel “Disappearing to the Margins” of Horizon due to Academic Boycotts: Let’s Escalate the Exclusion from Below! After 20 months of Israel’s ongoing livestreamed genocide against 2.3 million Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, BDS pressure from the broad Palestine solidarity movement across European higher education is finally succeeding. In particular, academic boycott and divestment mobilizations by student and university staff have pushed Israel to the margins of the European Union (EU)’s Horizon research program–the world’s largest research program. PACBI Statement Academic Boycott Sanctions and governments 23-06-2025 #ShutDownNation IMPACT $340 billion Israel’s debt Skyrocketed to $340 billion in the 2nd half of 2024, up 20% from the end of 2022, due to its ongoing #GazaGenocide 90% DROP Initial investments in Israeli startups dropped by 90% in Q1 of 2023, as compared with the same period in 2022. "BDS and BOYCOTTS have changed Israel’s global trade landscape," said Avi Balashnikov, Chairman of the Israel Export Institute. JUNK Credit rating Israel’s credit rating near junk, says Moody’s MORE FROM #ShutDownNation BDS MOVEMENT'S GLOBAL IMPACT: JULY - DECEMBER 2024 INDICATORS OF IMPACT (a representative sampling of many similar developments) Details Boycott, Divest, Sanction: A ceasefire today will not stop Israel’s genocide against Palestinians, only meaningful accountability will. BNC Statement Play video Our hope is decolonized! What BDS means to Palestinians CAMPAIGNS GLOBAL CAMPAIGNS CAMPAIGN CATEGORIES PARTNER LED CAMPAIGNS Boycott Microsoft's Xbox Microsoft is perhaps the most complicit tech company in Israel’s illegal occupation, apartheid regime and ongoing genocide against 2.3 million Palestinians in Gaza – which is why Microsoft is a now priority BDS target. Microsoft Microsoft is perhaps the most complicit tech company in Israel’s illegal apartheid regime and ongoing genocide against 2.3 million Palestinians in Gaza. BOYCOTT REEBOK Reebok sponsors the Israel Football Association (IFA), which includes in its official league teams in illegal Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian land. The IFA advocates, together with the Israeli government, to maintain these teams. ECONOMIC BOYCOTT The economic boycott of Israel aims to put pressure on Israel to comply with international law and to persuade private companies to end their participation in Israel’s crimes.

The Israeli economy is particularly dependent on international trade and investment, making it especially susceptible to international economic boycotts. Many global companies, such as G4S and HP, profit from helping Israel maintain its system of apartheid and settler colonialism. Campaigns against and divestment from international companies increase the pressure on them to end their complicity with Israel’s oppression of Palestinians. CULTURAL BOYCOTT Israel overtly uses culture as a form of propaganda to whitewash or justify its regime of occupation, settler-colonialism and apartheid over the Palestinian people. Just as South African anti-apartheid activists had called on international artists, writers and cultural institutions to culturally boycott South Africa, PACBI urges international cultural workers and cultural organizations, including unions and associations, to boycott and/or work towards the cancellation of events, activities, agreements, or projects involving Israel, its lobby groups or its cultural institutions. Right To Boycott Having failed to stop the rise in worldwide support for the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement for Palestinian freedom, justice and equality, Israel is now launching a desperate and dangerous fight back. Mask off Maersk Maersk does not just support the US-enabled Israeli genocide through outbound shipping of military cargo from the U.S. to Israel. Maersk ships also carry military cargo to arms manufacturers in the US in order for these weapons companies to assemble the weapons that murder our people BNP PARIBAS Avec Attac et l’Association France Palestine Solidarité (AFPS), nous avons décidé de cibler la banque française BNP Paribas de par sa complicité envers le régime d’apartheid et de colonisation israélien qui occupe illégalement les territoires palestiniens de Cisjordanie et de Jérusalem Est et qui perpétue un génocide à Gaza, selon un arrêté de la Cour Internationale de Justice (CIJ).

La construction et l’expansion des colonies israéliennes constituent une violation majeure du droit international. La colonisation israélienne en Cisjordanie, élément central du régime d’apartheid israélien, est un crime de guerre selon l’ONU et est à l’origine de nombreuses violations des droits humains, dont la mort de plus de 660 Palestinien·nes depuis 1 an. Quatre banques françaises, BNP Paribas, le groupe Banque Populaire – Caisse d’Épargne, la Société Générale et le Crédit Agricole, figurent parmi les dix institutions financières européennes qui ont investi le plus dans des entreprises impliquées dans les colonies illégales et dans l’armement d’Israël. Booking.com: Stop Profiting from War Crimes Booking.com directly supports and benefits from Israel’s illegal occupation of the illegally occupied West Bank, including East Jerusalem, by offering services such as vacation homes and hotels in Israeli illegal settlements built on stolen Palestinian land. More Campigns WHAT TO BOYCOTT? WHAT TO BOYCOTT Donate Donate How to Get involved The Palestinian people’s struggle for freedom, justice and equality needs your support. It's simple to get involved with the BDS movement today. THE “B” IN BDS BOYCOTT| Economic/consumer, cultural, academic, anti-pinkwashing, etc. THE "S" IN BDS SANCTIONS| Targeting influential political parties, parliaments, local/state/national governments, etc.. THE “D” IN BDS DIVESTMENT| Divest from (where applicable) as many of the most complicit companies. FIND A LOCAL GROUP Join a campaign in your area, mobilize and organize with groups around you. Get Updates Get updates Maintained by the Palestinian BDS National Committee (BNC), the coalition of Palestinian organisations that leads and supports the BDS movement and by the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel (PACBI), a BNC member organisation. [email protected] Quick links CAMPAIGNS NEWS INGRID JARADAT AWARD (IJA) BDS GUIDELINES #ShutDownNation Contact Us Facebook Share on facebook (opens in a new window) Twitter Share on twitter (opens in a new window) Tiktok Share on tiktok (opens in a new window) Instagram Share on instagram (opens in a new window) Back to the top DONATE Get updates