Management and Technology Consultancy | BearingPoint Your web browser needs to have JavaScript enabled to access features on this website and enjoy an optimal experience. About Us Close dropdown Who we are Our Purpose Our Purpose Our purpose is focused on people, planet, and innovation, inspiring us to make a greater impact. Together, we are more than business. Our Values Responsibility at BearingPoint Pro-bono Diversity at BearingPoint BearingPoint is B Corp certified Sports Sponsorship Our History Our Firm in Detail Our Firm in Detail We are constantly incorporating new and sustainable ways of working and investing in innovative software firms and consultancies. Annual Report Sustainability Report Investments News and Media Meet Our People Global Management Team Global Reach Global Reach Global with a local touch, we have a growing alliance of like-minded business consultancies united by our belief in the advantages of perspectives, ideas and ways of working. Locations Industries Close dropdown Industries Automotive Automotive BearingPoint's automotive consulting services include the design and implementation of new business models in digital services and mobility. Digital logistics with AI technology – BearingPoint’s Navigator Solutions SAP S/4HANA Automotive Increase efficiency through value chain transformation Business process transformation with virtual reality Digital mobility services Catena-X Banking & Capital Markets Banking & Capital Markets BearingPoint's banking and capital markets services help banks to implement a growth-based strategy. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Modern banking platforms Regulatory reporting Payment innovations Efficient core banking operations Sustainable banking Anti-money laundering analytics Modern bank steering SAP-oriented bank management Chemicals Chemicals BearingPoint helps the chemicals sector meet its challenges and capture new opportunities. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Asset Performance Management Digital strategy for the chemical industry Mergers & Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Portfolio optimization and strategic business alignment Process Advisory SAP Cloud ERP Retail, Luxury & CPG Retail, Luxury & CPG At BearingPoint, our expert retail, luxury, and consumer packaged goods (CPG) consultants leverage their deep-rooted industry expertise alongside BearingPoint’s holistic approach to support clients. Accelerating omnichannel transformation Connected planning Mastering sustainability holistically Pricing and promotion offers Product lifecycle management Transforming retail operations Traceability and authentication Health & Social Care Health & Social Care Our health and social care consultants help providers improve outcomes, increase value, and build a more sustainable and resilient healthcare system. Digital transformation Smart health Orchestrating improvement Industrial Manufacturing Industrial Manufacturing BearingPoint's industrial and manufacturing consulting services help clients meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Connect with our experts. Business Process and IT Harmonization B2B quote management - CPQ Transformation of service business Internet of Things (IoT) Insurance Insurance Prepare today for the transformation of the insurance industry Digitalization and regulation drive the CFO agenda Insurance IT transformation – enabling digital change The power of an omnichannel Life Sciences Life Sciences BearingPoint's life sciences consulting services help clients meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Connect with our experts. Risk management Customer experience fueling your B2B2C strategy Business transformation & innovation Computerized systems validation Digital laboratory transformation Media & Entertainment Media & Entertainment As a strategic partner, we help our clients in the media and entertainment industries transform, adapt, and identify relevant and sustainable growth opportunities. Advertising Media digital transformation Distribution Subscription Ticketing Licensing Audiovisual IT system AI New Tech Public Sector Public Sector BearingPoint's public sector consulting services focus on transforming  Public Sector organizations into agile and resilient operating models for government and public services clients. Resilient and sustainable organisations and operating models Connected digital and in-person delivery channels Skilled and future-proofed public service workforces Integrated and secure technology and data platforms Business and IT transformation and change programmes Automated and agile line of business applications Resources Resources BearingPoint helps the Resources sector meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Business transformation Fuel cards and toll services IT advisory Mergers & acquisitions Organizational design, governance and change management Telecommunications Telecommunications The future begins with change Marketing and customer experience Corporate performance management and process management Digital platforms and IT transformation Strategy, business models and organization Advanced analytics & data governance Network technology consulting Organizational transformation and post-merger integration Transportation & Logistics Transportation & Logistics BearingPoint helps the Transportation & Logistics sector meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Digital Platforms for Transportation Operators Log360 – data and analytics for transportation and logistics providers Multimodal passenger and freight transportation services Operational Excellence in a digital world Predictive Logistics – solving problems before they occur Predictive maintenance Utilities Utilities BearingPoint helps the Utilities sector meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Digital transformation of water & waste management The role of the CFO in the energy industry The digital transformation of energy producers The new role of IT in the energy sector Increasing the efficiency of European electricity & gas operations European transmission and distribution grid operators Modular control centers for the energy industry Services Close dropdown Services Spotlight Spotlight Trends that are shaping the opportunities of tomorrow The journey towards integrated end-to-end planning starts here Cyber security Data and analytics Generative AI Mobility Sourcing and procurement Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive People Impact SAP transformation – applied intelligently with BeMind by BearingPoint Customer & Growth Customer & Growth How can we better use digital assets to improve customer experience and loyalty, accelerate eCommerce, and create disruptive business models? Read more. CRM transformation with Salesforce Customer experience design & transformation Digital Strategy & Innovation Growth solutions for sales and eCommerce Marketing reinvention Finance & Risk Finance & Risk BearingPoint helps the finance and risk function meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Finance Strategy Performance Management Next generation ERP Governance, risk and compliance Treasury Finance Excellence Operations Operations Optimize your supply chain and operations processes by taking them into the digital age. Demand management and planning Digital Twin Supply Chain Logistics execution Manufacturing and Maintenance Sourcing and procurement Supply chain strategy and network Product lifecycle management and master data management Contract Lifecycle Management People & Strategy People & Strategy BearingPoint's people and strategy consulting services help our clients meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Business strategy New ways of working & change Operational excellence Talent Management & HR Management and leadership Performance booster Technology Technology BearingPoint helps the Technology function meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Business applications CIO advisory Cloud Data, Analytics & AI Digital testing Extended Reality (XR) Services Cyber security IT Sourcing ESG Data Hub Sustainability Sustainability Discover BearingPoint’s sustainability consulting services, providing expertise in climate, circular economy, compliance, and more with over 200 dedicated consultants. Climate Biodiversity Circular economy Strategy and business models Sustainable performance and reporting Sustainable offering Technology Partners Technology Partners We work in partnership with major technology suppliers, developing solutions and strategies to suit our clients’ requirements. Microsoft Salesforce SAP Arcwide View all our Technology Partners BearingPoint Capital BearingPoint Capital BearingPoint Capital brings deep technology expertise to the M&A industry. We work as M&A advisors, PE transaction services experts, and managers of BearingPoint’s own investment fund. Technology due diligence and technology vendor due diligence Cybersecurity due diligence Commercial due diligence Carve-out & integration Investments Deal advisory Products Close dropdown Welcome to BearingPoint Products Agree&Sign Asset Based Funding Asset Based Funding Asset Based Funding is a financing method in which a company secures a loan or line of credit using its assets as collateral or even sells the assets to investors to get appropriate funding. Assets & Funding Management Securitization as a Service Data Quality Navigator DemandSens ETM.next Fleet & Charge Cloud Free and Open Source Software Platform Services SAP Platform Services Salesforce Re³ - Reliable Regulatory Reporting Sellia Spend Navigator CO₂ and Sustainability Services View all products Welcome to BearingPoint Products Cutting edge digital products and services that deliver real competitive advantage. Insights & Events Close dropdown Insights & Events Client Stories Events and Webinars Insights Podcasts Podcasts Thought-provoking conversations about the latest trends and technologies Talking beyond business Careers Close dropdown Careers Open Roles Your Career at BearingPoint Students and Graduates Experienced Professionals Recruiting Events Learning & Development Find Out More Alumni Contact Toggle location Toggle search Close dropdown Search Toggle mobile navigation About Us back About Us Our Purpose back Our Purpose Our Values Responsibility at BearingPoint Pro-bono Diversity at BearingPoint BearingPoint is B Corp certified Sports Sponsorship Our History Our Firm in Detail back Our Firm in Detail Annual Report Sustainability Report Investments News and Media Meet Our People Global Management Team Global Reach back Global Reach Locations Industries back Industries Automotive back Automotive Digital logistics with AI technology – BearingPoint’s Navigator Solutions SAP S/4HANA Automotive Increase efficiency through value chain transformation Business process transformation with virtual reality Digital mobility services Catena-X Banking & Capital Markets back Banking & Capital Markets Modern banking platforms Regulatory reporting Payment innovations Efficient core banking operations Sustainable banking Anti-money laundering analytics Modern bank steering SAP-oriented bank management Chemicals back Chemicals Asset Performance Management Digital strategy for the chemical industry Mergers & Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Portfolio optimization and strategic business alignment Process Advisory SAP Cloud ERP Retail, Luxury & CPG back Retail, Luxury & CPG Accelerating omnichannel transformation Connected planning Mastering sustainability holistically Pricing and promotion offers Product lifecycle management Transforming retail operations Traceability and authentication Health & Social Care back Health & Social Care Digital transformation Smart health Orchestrating improvement Industrial Manufacturing back Industrial Manufacturing Business Process and IT Harmonization B2B quote management - CPQ Transformation of service business Internet of Things (IoT) Insurance back Insurance Digitalization and regulation drive the CFO agenda Insurance IT transformation – enabling digital change The power of an omnichannel Life Sciences back Life Sciences Risk management Customer experience fueling your B2B2C strategy Business transformation & innovation Computerized systems validation Digital laboratory transformation Media & Entertainment back Media & Entertainment Advertising Media digital transformation Distribution Subscription Ticketing Licensing Audiovisual IT system AI New Tech Public Sector back Public Sector Resilient and sustainable organisations and operating models Connected digital and in-person delivery channels Skilled and future-proofed public service workforces Integrated and secure technology and data platforms Business and IT transformation and change programmes Automated and agile line of business applications Resources back Resources Business transformation Fuel cards and toll services IT advisory Mergers & acquisitions Organizational design, governance and change management Telecommunications back Telecommunications Marketing and customer experience Corporate performance management and process management Digital platforms and IT transformation Strategy, business models and organization Advanced analytics & data governance Network technology consulting Organizational transformation and post-merger integration Transportation & Logistics back Transportation & Logistics Digital Platforms for Transportation Operators Log360 – data and analytics for transportation and logistics providers Multimodal passenger and freight transportation services Operational Excellence in a digital world Predictive Logistics – solving problems before they occur Predictive maintenance Utilities back Utilities Digital transformation of water & waste management The role of the CFO in the energy industry The digital transformation of energy producers The new role of IT in the energy sector Increasing the efficiency of European electricity & gas operations European transmission and distribution grid operators Modular control centers for the energy industry Services back Services Spotlight back Spotlight The journey towards integrated end-to-end planning starts here Cyber security Data and analytics Generative AI Mobility Sourcing and procurement Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive People Impact SAP transformation – applied intelligently with BeMind by BearingPoint Customer & Growth back Customer & Growth CRM transformation with Salesforce Customer experience design & transformation Digital Strategy & Innovation Growth solutions for sales and eCommerce Marketing reinvention Finance & Risk back Finance & Risk Finance Strategy Performance Management Next generation ERP Governance, risk and compliance Treasury Finance Excellence Operations back Operations Demand management and planning Digital Twin Supply Chain Logistics execution Manufacturing and Maintenance Sourcing and procurement Supply chain strategy and network Product lifecycle management and master data management Contract Lifecycle Management People & Strategy back People & Strategy Business strategy New ways of working & change Operational excellence Talent Management & HR Management and leadership Performance booster Technology back Technology Business applications CIO advisory Cloud Data, Analytics & AI Digital testing Extended Reality (XR) Services Cyber security IT Sourcing ESG Data Hub Sustainability back Sustainability Climate Biodiversity Circular economy Strategy and business models Sustainable performance and reporting Sustainable offering Technology Partners back Technology Partners Microsoft Salesforce SAP Arcwide View all our Technology Partners BearingPoint Capital back BearingPoint Capital Technology due diligence and technology vendor due diligence Cybersecurity due diligence Commercial due diligence Carve-out & integration Investments Deal advisory Products back Products Agree&Sign Asset Based Funding back Asset Based Funding Assets & Funding Management Securitization as a Service Data Quality Navigator DemandSens ETM.next Fleet & Charge Cloud Free and Open Source Software Platform Services SAP Platform Services Salesforce Re³ - Reliable Regulatory Reporting Sellia Spend Navigator CO₂ and Sustainability Services View all products Insights & Events back Insights & Events Client Stories Events and Webinars Insights Podcasts back Podcasts Talking beyond business Careers back Careers Open Roles Your Career at BearingPoint Students and Graduates Experienced Professionals Recruiting Events Learning & Development Find Out More Alumni Contact Change your location Global | EN Austria | DE Belgium | EN China | ZH Czech Republic | EN Denmark | EN Finland | EN France | FR Germany | DE India | EN Ireland | EN Italy | IT Luxembourg | EN Morocco | FR Netherlands | EN Norway | EN Poland | EN Portugal | EN Romania | EN Singapore | EN Sweden | EN Switzerland | DE Switzerland | EN Switzerland | FR Turkey | EN United Arab Emirates | EN United Kingdom | EN USA | EN Africa - Middle East | EN Africa - Middle East | FR Remember my region and language settings Submit We transform businesses using technology intelligently Transformation starts with intelligence - human, sharp, and purpose-driven. We apply it intelligently to what matters most: bold differentiation, lasting client impact, global resonance, and the power of people. Welcome to your future management and technology consulting partner. Transformation begins here BearingPoint is an independent management and technology consultancy with European roots. Our global network spans over 70 countries and 13,000 people, operating in three business units: Consulting, Products, and Capital. Get to know us Transform your business with AI Our "Master the AI advantage" playbook is your blueprint for intelligent transformation. Inside, you will discover proven steps for turning ambitious AI goals into measurable business outcomes. Read more Annual Report In 2024, BearingPoint once again surpassed market expectations. In posting record revenue for the fourth year running, we forged ahead, setting the course for an even bolder, brighter 2025. Read more Sustainability Your customers are demanding greater sustainability than ever before. We’ll help you deliver it – ethically and responsibly. Read more Resilience A resilient organization is agile, responsive and diverse. Learn how to navigate uncertainty and thrive - whatever tomorrow brings. Read more The future of mobility Tomorrow’s transportation will look very different. Glimpse the future and prepare to do things differently. Read more The future of supply chains Security, diversity, transparency. Don’t leave your supply chain to chance – build it for high reliability and low risk. Read more Our latest thinking Show all Insight Sustainable Retail Barometer: 2025 Edition Despite growing skepticism and rising “greenlash” across Europe, consumers continue to reaffirm their commitment to sustainable consumption. Economic pressures may influence purchasing decisions, but they have not weakened the underlying demand for responsible retail. Press release Automotive and industrial manufacturing in the age of AI: Navigating legacy challenges, ambitions, and skills gaps The new BearingPoint AI study reveals no other sector invests so strategically in AI while struggling so much with legacy burdens and resistance. Insight Agentic AI in automotive and industrial manufacturing: Building resilience over risk The automotive and industrial manufacturing sectors face a strategic paradox. Companies are investing heavily in artificial intelligence (AI), yet the biggest challenges are not technological, but structural. Press release Future-ready by design: BearingPoint study shows how leaders are reinventing operating models for AI-powered growth European survey shows organizations accelerating redesign efforts to unlock speed, resilience, and AI-powered growth. Thought Leadership Future-ready by design - Reinventing operating models for the AI era How European C-level executives are reshaping organizations in an AI era Insight Rethinking contract lifecycle management – Strategic insights for business and public administration In today’s complex business and public sector environments, effective contract management is more critical than ever. Contracts govern key business relationships, from supplier agreements and customer arrangements to strategic partnerships. In our latest BearingPoint study, we examine the current state of contract lifecycle management (CLM) and share actionable recommendations for building resilient, future-proof contract management across the enterprise. Show all 10/01/2026 – 14/01/2026 NRF 2026: The Must-Attend Event for Retail Professionals! January 10–14, 2026 | Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, NYC Event details 20/01/2026 Avoided Emissions: what they are, why they matter, and how they could benefit you Avoided Emissions are an essential lever in the journey to Net Zero, yet remain underutilized by many organizations. In this 30-minute session, you will discover what Avoided Emissions are, why they matter, and how they can turn from an untapped opportunity into strategic impact. Event details Your industry, our offering Your sector is unique, and so is the value we bring. Explore our expertise here. Services Industries Products Capital Spotlights Trends that are shaping the opportunities of tomorrow Read more Customer & Growth How can we better use digital assets to improve customer experience and loyalty, accelerate eCommerce, and create disruptive business models? Browse our offerings Finance & Risk BearingPoint helps finance and risk functions to gain greater visibility, transparency and control. Drive smarter decisions with us Operations Optimize your supply chain and operations processes by taking them into the digital age. Begin your transformation People & Strategy BearingPoint’s people and strategy consulting services help you make the very most of your biggest asset. Leverage our know-how Technology BearingPoint helps technology functions to stay ahead of the curve through exploration and innovation. Explore our services Sustainability Discover BearingPoint’s sustainability consulting services, providing expertise in climate, circular economy, compliance, with over 200 dedicated consultants. Build a brighter future here Technology Partners We work in partnership with all major leading technology suppliers, developing the ideal solutions and strategies for your needs. Explore our partnerships here BearingPoint Capital BearingPoint Capital brings deep technology expertise to the M&A industry, working as M&A advisors and PE transaction service experts. Get the support you need to build your strategy Automotive BearingPoint’s automotive consulting services include the design and implementation of new business models in digital services and mobility. Read more Banking and Capital Markets BearingPoint’s banking and capital markets services help banks to implement a growth-based strategy. Unlock our insights Chemicals BearingPoint helps the chemicals sector meet its challenges and capture new opportunities. Connect with our experts Retail, Luxury & CPG At BearingPoint, our expert retail, luxury, and consumer packaged goods (CPG) consultants leverage deep-rooted expertise. See how we do it Health & Social Care We support health and social care providers in delivering better outcomes and value while building a more sustainable and resilient healthcare ecosystem. Understand our approach Industrial Manufacturing BearingPoint’s industrial and manufacturing consulting services help clients meet challenges and capture new opportunities. Build lasting advantage here Insurance Prepare today for the transformation of the insurance industry, by navigating uncertainty and leading with confidence. Get started here Life Sciences BearingPoint’s life science consulting services help clients meet new challenges and capture new opportunities. Tap into our expertise Media & Entertainment As a strategic partner, we help our clients in the media and entertainment industries transform, adapt and identify relevant and sustainable growth opportunities. Reimagine what’s next Public Sector BearingPoint’s public sector consulting service focuses on transforming organisations into agile and resilient operating models for government and public sector clients. Learn what’s possible Resources BearingPoint helps the Resources sector meet new challenges and capture emerging opportunities. Accelerate your growth Telecommunications The future begins with change. BearingPoint’s telecommunications team helps you stay at the forefront of innovation and service delivery. Power your progress here Transportation & Logistics BearingPoint helps the Transformation & Logistics sector to streamline, build reliability and drive efficiency. Start your journey here Utilities BearingPoint helps the Utilities sector to navigate the changing landscape and establish a future vision. Find the right solution here Advanced Analytics BearingPoint uses statistics, analytics and machine learning techniques to derive valuable insights from your data. Read more Agree&Sign Read more Assets & Funding Management Read more Asset Based Funding Asset Based Funding is a financing method in which a company, be it a corporate, bank or a leasing firm secures a loan or line of credit using its assets as collateral. Read more Cloud Application Essentials Read more Data Quality Navigator Read more DemandSens Read more Digital Supply Chain Management BearingPoint delivers innovative Digital Supply Chain solutions. Discover our insights and connect with our experts. Read more ETM.next Read more Fleet & Charge Cloud Read more Free and Open Source Software Read more IT-Security Services Read more Industrial Cyber Security Read more Lease & Rent Read more Navigator Solutions Our Navigator Solutions support companies in generating added value from their data with innovative software. The goal is cost transparency and cost reduction. Read more Optix Read more Platform Services SAP Read more Platform Services Salesforce Read more Program Pulse Read more Re³ - Reliable Regulatory Reporting Read more Securitization as a Service Read more Sellia Read more Spend Navigator Read more CO₂ and Sustainability Services One-stop shop for climate services: Carbon footprint calculation, carbon accounting software, decarbonization services, and CO2 business process outsourcing / managed services. Read more Swarm Read more Technology due diligence and technology vendor due diligence Read more Cybersecurity due diligence Read more Commercial due diligence Read more Carve-out & integration Read more Investments Co-investing in partnership with clients to support the next generation of tech entrepreneurs and businesses Read more Deal advisory We create value impact through our M&A Deal Advisory services Read more Show more Show less Featured case studies Accelerating agility: A journey from siloed legacy to high-performing systems and processes Read more Suva enhances Swiss accident prevention with a new, immersive virtual reality platform Read more Why choose us? Serving many of the world’s leading organizations, the impact of our products and services speaks for itself. But our distinctive approach and characteristics make us unique as a consultancy firm. Management & Technology We combine management and technology consulting with profound industry knowledge, gained from decades at the heart of global business. Purpose fuels progress Our purpose is summed up by a simple statement: ‘Together, we are more than business’. It is the bedrock of everything we do. B-Corp certified We’re proud to be part of a worldwide network of businesses leading a global movement for an inclusive and sustainable economy. BearingPoint in numbers Figures only tell part of a story – but they illustrate our scale and impact. Revenue in 2024 1068 Projects completed in 2024 2065 BearingPoint people from 88 nationalities 6200 State-of-the-art IP products to take you further At BearingPoint Products we are architects of transformation. We create value through an expansive portfolio - not just meeting your needs, but anticipating them. Explore our products It all starts with a conversation. Diverse people. Unlimited potential. Join us and you’ll build a more varied and rewarding career - whether you’re a new graduate or an experienced professional - in a supportive environment founded on our values of commitment, teamwork and excellence. Careers Open Roles Company Contact Locations Careers Alumni Sitemap Legal Privacy and Cookie Statement Our Standards of Business Conduct Terms and conditions Socials YouTube LinkedIn Work with us Request for proposal © 2025 BearingPoint All Rights Reserved