BeautyPlus - Free AI Photo Editor & Filters BeautyPlus Get More Filters & Tools in App Home Nano Banana Pro Online Tools Features Download Academy Home Nano Banana Pro Online Tools Features Download Academy Download App AI Photo Editor & Image Editing App Do instant magic on photos with BeautyPlus’s creative AI photo editor, video enhancer and more powerful design tools, available on iOS, Android, FREE and browser-based. All you need is to push your limits beyond imagination! 75M + Monthly BeautyPlus app active users 800M + Installs around the world 230 regions 1.5B + Monthly AI photos & videos generated Best AI Filters Online Your creative photo-to-art style transfer! Convert photos into creative art style ones while keeping the original likeness. Use AI filters like Anime, Clay, Pixel, Crayon, and Cartoon to get more creative than a smartphone can take. Make your photo an artwork with BeautyPlus AI photo editor! AI Clay Filter Turn your photo into a claymation style with AI Clay Filter AI Anime Filter Convert your photo to anime art with AI Anime Filter AI Pixel Filter Transfer your photo to pixel art or 8-bit style with AI Pixel Filter AI Crayon Filter Turn your photo into painting style and create crayon art with AI Crayon Filter AI Cartoon Filter Create a cartoon or webtoon selfie with AI Cartoon Filter AI Clay Filter Turn your photo into a claymation style with AI Clay Filter AI Anime Filter Convert your photo to anime art with AI Anime Filter AI Pixel Filter Transfer your photo to pixel art or 8-bit style with AI Pixel Filter AI Crayon Filter Turn your photo into painting style and create crayon art with AI Crayon Filter AI Cartoon Filter Create a cartoon or webtoon selfie with AI Cartoon Filter Explore More Online AI Editing Apps Make your visual creation a next level masterpiece with BeautyPlus online AI image editing tools. Create stunning AI generated images, enhance your video or upscale image quality now! AI Tools Video Editor Image Converter Photo to Anime Converter Convert photo to cartoon or anime style image within seconds. Upload and generate creative selfie art with AI anime generator. Try It Now AI Image Enhancer Auto enhance image clarity, upscale resolution, and bring out true color details with AI image enhancer. Try It Now Background Remover Brush and delete the background from photo or image faster than ever. Get clean image cutout with bg remover . Try It Now AI Avatar Generator Create stunning avatar for social media and increase the engagement. Be an outstanding influencer with AI avatar geneator. Coming Soon AI Object Remover Remove objects or people from photo. Brush and erase something unwanted with the help of AI object remover . Try It Now Bulk Image Upscaler Enhance multiple images at once with BeautyPlus's free bulk image upscaler. Use AI batch editor to improve image quality and create 4K resolution results instantly. Try It Now Photo to Anime Converter Convert photo to cartoon or anime style image within seconds. Upload and generate creative selfie art with AI anime generator. Try It Now AI Image Enhancer Auto enhance image clarity, upscale resolution, and bring out true color details with AI image enhancer. Try It Now Background Remover Brush and delete the background from photo or image faster than ever. Get clean image cutout with bg remover . Try It Now AI Avatar Generator Create stunning avatar for social media and increase the engagement. Be an outstanding influencer with AI avatar geneator. Coming Soon AI Object Remover Remove objects or people from photo. Brush and erase something unwanted with the help of AI object remover . Try It Now Bulk Image Upscaler Enhance multiple images at once with BeautyPlus's free bulk image upscaler. Use AI batch editor to improve image quality and create 4K resolution results instantly. Try It Now Portrait Photo Enhancer Wear make-up, edit facial features, and reshape body on your selfie. BeautyPlus AI photo enhancer recognizes and enhance each part of the face and body. Create professional-quality portraits easily through advanced AI photo editing app. Achieve smooth skin, stylish looks, bright smiles, perfect facial lines, hourglass body curves, and more! Makeup Application Virtual Makeup Try-on Try on virtual makeup to selfies by lipstick, blush, eyeshadow, contacts and more beauty filters to enhance your look. Find the best of you with our beauty photo editor! Preset Makeup Looks Hairstyle Virtual Makeovers Learn more about the Makeup App >> Face Editor Skin Smoother Smooth skin texture, even skin tone, remove wrinkles, and get acne removal on selfie photo. Retouch skin and bring out your skin’s natural beauty with our photo editor app. Facial Features Enhancer Face Contour Editor Learn more about the Face Editor >> Body Editor Body Reshaper Reshape body on photo by enhancing bust and hips, or slimming waist, legs, and arms. Adjust each part of the body to get the desired curvy body shape. Height Filter Body Toner Learn more about the Body Tuner >> Free Editing Apps of BeautyPlus AI Photo Editor Ready to make your photos stunning? Our AI photo editor is packed with the best photo editing apps - Crop, resize, convert formats, erase objects, adjust lighting, correct color and enhance image with filters. Perfect for any user, no professional skills needed! Basic Image Editor Image Cropper Crop photos to any aspect ratios or custom dimensions, such as 9:16 and 4:3. Trim picture with grid or freeform options for perfect picture scaling. Image Resizer Set desired photo width and height for better file size without quality loss. Make your images suitable for any media platform requirements. Photo Rotator Flip or spin photos or adjust to any angle as you like. Enhance photo perspective for a better composition. Enhanced Photo Editor Creative Picture Editor Design Assets & Creative Essentials Ensure the best designs and videos with BeautyPlus extensive library of free visual add-ons: Custom stickers, wallpaper templates, creative flyers, editable texts, various patterns and more. It is your photo editor app to unleash your creativity! Photo Templates Stickers Patterns & Background Texts & Fonts AR Face Filters Blur & Mosaic Trusted by What Do They Say 4.8 AppStore 4.5 Google Play 5/5 Product Hunt 9/10 Softonic To preface it, BeautyPlus has been my go-to AI photo editor app! It is perfect for photo editing since this pic editor app comes with so many features. I like the face filters, body reshaping, and makeup tools. It's easy to use and makes my pictures always look professional. And the best part is the editing app is free! - Sarah L. BeautyPlus is my favorite editing app of all time. Without fail. The AI image generator is truly impressive with the fantastic AI filters! I could turn my photos into stunning art with anime or pixel filters. And I could stack multiple edits through the check mark until the picture was perfect. It is the best photo editing app I've ever used! - John M. I’ve been using BeautyPlus for years. And it has been my favorite image editor app to use in selfie editing, enhancing and creating beautiful memories. The AI retouch, virtual makeup and face contour features give my selfies a pro look. It also has a free online photo editor version for object removal and image upscaling. Highly recommend it! - Lisa K. Academy Photo Editing Snow Overlay: How Can I Add Snow to a Photo? No better way to bring the holiday spirit to life than to add snow to photos. Learn how to add magic to your holiday photos with the help of these tools! Photo Editing How to Add Santa Hat to Photo Easily Learn how to easily add a Santa hat to photos using your iPhone or apps like BeautyPlus Photo Editing Santa Filter: How to Add Santa to Photo for Free? If you want this Christmas to feel extra festive, try to add Santa to photo of yourself in multiple ways using AI, as realistically as possible. More Hacks Frequently Asked Questions 1. What is BeautyPlus designed for? BeautyPlus AI photo editor is designed for easy photo editing. It’s an AI-powered image editing app using advanced AI algorithms to automatically enhance and edit pictures for better quality. 2. What are the main features of this photo editor app? 3. Can I edit photos online for free? 4. Can BeautyPlus available for video editing? 5. How does BeautyPlus AI image enhancer make picture better? More BeautyPlus AI Photo Editor Apps on the Go Unlock and access more features to make your photos shine with BeautyPlus mobile app and web app! Available on iOS, Android, Windows, MacOS. BeautyPlus AI photo editor is here to help you capture and share your life in dynamic ways using hundreds of filters, stickers, makeup tools, special effects, and much more! English English 日本語 한국어 ไทย Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia Features Face Editor Makeup Tools Body Editor Remove Objects Remove BG Photo To Cartoon Templates Unlimited Content Photo to Painting Video Tools AI Video Enhancer Video Watermark Remover Video Background Remover All Tools More Blog Help Center Download App Download APK Image Tools Photo to Anime Converter AI Image Enhancer Image Background Remover AI Image Extender AI Object Remover AI Replace Photo AI Face Swap Multiple Face Swap Image Watermark Remover Photo Restoration Collage Maker Face Shape Detector Photo to Cartoon Photo Booth Photo to Sketch Background Changer Action Figure Generator Blur Background AI Clothes Changer AI Image Upscaler AI Filters AI Hairstyle Changer AI Body Editor AI Muscle Generator Open Eyes in Photo All Tools Batch Photo Editor Bulk Image Upscaler Get the Free App © 2025 Pixocial Technology (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Manage Cookies