Channel Manager, Property Management System  & Booking Engine Home Features Channel Manager Multi-award-winning channel distribution Payment Processing Secure payment collection from guests Automation Automated workflows Communication Central inbox for Airbnb and Booking.com, templates and automated messaging Front Desk System Flexible and powerful Cloud PMS Online Booking System Commission free bookings from your web site Marketplace Connect to hundreds of apps and services Vacation rental channel manager Channel Manager for vacation rental and holiday rental Multi property Agency and multi property functions for professionals Features Summary Key features Channel Manager Pricing Sign up Contact Log in The All-In-One Vacation Rental Management, Hotel Software and Channel Management Software. An award-winning hospitality software to manage bookings, listings, calendars, payments, guest communications and many other workflows all in one place. Save time, get more bookings and scale your business. From €15.50/month. Mobile friendly. Multi-language. Book a demo Get started now Free trial, no obligation. We are Channel Manager Partners with all Industry Leading OTAs. Preferred and Premier Channel Management Partner with Airbnb, Vrbo, Booking.com, Expedia. Connectivity Partner with Marriott, Google for Vacation Rental and Google Hotel Ads. Certified high connection quality + Advanced Features + Priority support All 60+ channels Save time, Boost Bookings, and Elevate Your Business Growth Beds24's powerful and flexible cloud software is customisable to meet the needs of all types of accommodation including vacation rentals, hotels, B&Bs, hostels, holiday homes, individual property owners as well as agencies and professional property managers. See what Beds24 can do for you Get started now Free trial, no obligation. Channel Manager Automatically keep availability and prices up to date and avoid double bookings.


Being a preferred Partner with premium support with leading OTA's, Beds24 offers advanced connectivity across popular channels like Airbnb, Booking.com, Expedia, Vrbo, and many more. About the channel manager Property Management A centralised front-desk system to manage essential functions such as booking management, dynamic prices, payments, inventory, guest check-in and, check-out, and much more. Access from anywhere using a computer, tablet or smartphone. About the PMS Automation Save time by automating key processes such as bookings, calendars, guest communications, invoicing, payment collection and reporting. The built-in yield optimizer automatically adjusts prices based on availability, helping to maximise nightly revenue. About automation Online Booking System Integrate our customisable and mobile-friendly Internet Booking Engine (IBE) into your website for commission-free direct bookings and automatic payment collection or use your booking page as direct booking website. 

Increase revenue by offering optional add-on services, voucher codes, promotions, discounts and more. About the online booking system Communication Automate guest communication throughout the guest lifecycle based on predefined triggers and events (booking, arrival, stay, checkout, follow-up). Benefit from a central inbox that enables two-way messaging directly through the Airbnb, Booking.com and Vrbo’s messaging systems. About communication Payment Processing Whether collecting payments directly at the time of booking or sending automated payment requests to guests, Beds24 facilitates secure, hassle-free, and automated payment collection from guests, solving a common challenge for property managers. About payment processing Our partners Connect with the many leading portals and apps. All 60+ channels All integrations Sophisticated property management functions to  grow revenue, enhance operations and improve guest experience Multi-award winning Channel Manager 60+ leading booking channels Certified 2-way API connections iCal calendar sync Google Hotel Ads integration TripAdvisor and Trivago integration Listing management Advanced inventory management i.e. close one or all sales channel, closed to arrival, closed to departure, dependent availability and shared inventory Integrated Property Management System Smart Dynamic Calendar Drag-and-drop bookings Customizable dashboards Reports, tracking and analytics Invoice generation Smart automation & communication Secure payment collection from guests Messaging platform with Airbnb and Booking.com Personalized communication with guests WhatsApp messages to guests SMS messages Routines to perform actions on bookings when specific triggers and rules are met Booking Engine for commission-free online bookings Simple 2-click booking process Mobile-friendly booking form Multi-language Availability calendar and customizable booking widgets for all web sites Add packages, promotions, tours, events, extras Promo and voucher codes Bookings from Facebook Wordpress plugin Flexible price & discount options Seasonal prices, occupancy based prices, multiple prices with hierarchy, linked prices, gap fillers Yield optimisation, dynamic prices, price adjustments on a daily basis Sell different layouts Account Agency and multi-property capability Multi-user with access management Owner accounts Hundreds of integrations :  lock systems, accounting software and more Open API Cloud-based software, no installation, automatic updates, access from anywhere at anytime Continuous system optimization Online help and free support Pay as you go, no contract, no set up fees, no commission, no hidden costs More about included features New Feature Beds24 mobile app - manage your bookings while you are out and about The Beds24 app is the mobile complement for your Beds24 account which will help you manage your bookings while away from the desk. Manage bookings Manage arrivals and departures API messaging with Airbnb and Booking.com View availability Manually add bookings What customers say about Beds24 channel manager and PMS ...It’s been 4 years since we started using Beds24 and it’s property management system made our day to day activities a lot easier while drastically reducing the workload (probably reduced 3-4h of work a day)... Gordana apartments barcelona city ...It has a huge range of features that are continually being updated and every time I think 'wouldn't it be great if it could do...' I discover that it either already can, or they can find a way to make it happen... Martin Page Finca Son Jorbo ... After trying many software and experiencing controversial results we now have a great booking system which delivers exactly what it promises and it is constantly updating with new interesting features. Beds24 offers a degree of flexibility and adaptability that is really hard to find .... We highly recommend Beds24, give it a chance and you will not regret it... Stefano Greco Relocabroad ... Beds24 is by far the friendliest, easiest piece of on-line software to setup and work with. It's cost effective, intuitive, full featured and not buggy!! The integration with Xero and Paypal is excellent, and has allowed us to easily do things we never thought possible!! Tech support is fast, and knowledgeable. I rarely leave reviews for companies, but these guys are good, and I can't say enough good things about these guys.... John H. Honduras Shores Planation More testimonials Professional accommodation management software Whatever type of property you have - Beds24 has the tools for you. Vacation rental channel manager B & B channel manager Hotel channel manager Hostel channel manager Agency and hotel group Campground Latest blog post How to capture mobile bookers With increasing mobile use, more online bookings are made on mobile devices. Booking.com’s research shows this trend clearly: 80% of travellers use a mobile app when researching a trip* 50% of accommodation searches and bookings are made on mobile* Mobile rates lead to 28% more
... Read more News Beds24 Recognized as Airbnb Preferred+ Software Partner for 2025 We are pleased to announce that Beds24 has once again been recognized as an Airbnb Preferred+ Software Partner for 2025!  This acknowledgment reflects the strong collaboration between the #Beds24 team and the Connectivity Partner team at Airbnb, who are committed to delivering exceptional services for the hospitality and vacation rental industry. 10 Years as a Premier Partner with Booking.com We are thrilled to announce that Beds24 has once again earned the esteemed designation of PremierPartner with Booking.com for the 10th consecutive year! 
This achievement speaks to our commitment to excellence and innovation, solidified by our recognition as a Premier Connectivity Partner. New Function: E-Invoice Guest invoices can be effortlessly generated as e-invoices from the invoice template in Beds24. More news Test now without obligation Quick setup via property import. No credit card required. Join NOW Deutsch Professional property managers in over 150 countries rely on Beds24 to manage their hotel , B&B, inn, guest house , holiday home or vacation rental, cottage , hostel , campground , agency or hotel group . Product Channel Manager Property Management System Payment Processing Booking Engine Booking Widgets Multi-property and Agency functions See what Beds24 can do for you Company About us Testimonials  & References Contact Legal Privacy Jobs Blog Sitemap Imprint Using Beds24 Why Beds24? Frequently Asked Questions Getting Started Become a Partner Information for Developer API System Status © 2006-2026, Beds24  Channel Manager, PMS and  Online Booking System is a trademark owned and operated by Beds24 GmbH If you continue to browse, we will use cookies that make our site work. For more information please refer to our Privacy Policy . Accept Cookies