Beebom - Tech That Matters Skip to content Beebom News Opinions Reviews Gaming Roblox Roblox Codes Puzzle Games GTA Minecraft Genshin Impact Honkai Star Rail Fortnite Tech Instagram WhatsApp Meta Discord Snapchat Spotify Apple AI Android App Entertainment Netflix DC Marvel Anime One Piece Disney Beebom Gadgets Beebom Gadgets Search For : Search For : Search Results Load More News Opinions Reviews Gaming Roblox Roblox Codes Puzzle Games GTA Minecraft Genshin Impact Honkai Star Rail Fortnite Tech Instagram WhatsApp Meta Discord Snapchat Spotify Apple AI Android App Entertainment Netflix DC Marvel Anime One Piece Disney Beebom Gadgets No results found Tech that matters Trending Roblox codes One Piece Minecraft Fortnite Wordle GTA ROBLOX Snapchat Honkai Star Rail Connections #01 Fallout Season 2 Caesar and the Legion’s Fate Explained Aryan Singh 5 hours ago #04 Marvel Rivals Came Crashing Into 2025 as an Overwatch Killer and Repeated the Same Mistakes Rishabh Sabarwal 14 hours ago #05 Roblox’s “Steal a Brainrot” Delivered a 2025 Masterclass in Player Engagement and Gave UEFN a Second Wind Ishan Adhikary 17 hours ago #02 Stranger Things Season 5 Episode 8 Release Date and Time (Countdown Timer) Aparna Ukil 7 hours ago #03 Chris Hemsworth’s Thor Gets Latest Avengers Doomsday Trailer Shashank Shakya 7 hours ago #06 This Gorgeous Puzzle Collection is a Surprising Freebie on the Epic Games Holiday Giveaway (December 30) Aryan Singh 21 hours ago #07 New Games 2026: All Video Games Coming out This Year (Release Calendar) Aryan Singh 22 hours ago Latest Discoveries I Tested the 8 Best AI Website Builders That Actually Work While there are many AI tools for creating websites, for those who don’t know programming, AI website builders are great for quickly generating websites without any coding knowledge. Earlier, we have used website templates, but with AI website builders, you […] Arjun Sha 3 hours ago View quick summary With powerful AI coding models and AI agents, you can create personalized websites in no time. We have compiled the 8 best AI website builders where you can describe your requirements in natural language, and the AI creates the website for you in no time. Go ahead and check out our list. How to Get Lady Loki Skin in Marvel Rivals Nobody’s doing skins quite like Marvel Rivals in the live-service landscape. Case in point is the new Lady Loki costume that is going viral, and not for the usual salacious reasons. Netease has pulled something off quite audacious by gender […] Aryan Singh 4 hours ago View quick summary The Lady Loki is officially Marvel Rivals' first Mythic skin, and in this guide, we explain everything you need to know about it. Fallout Season 2 Caesar and the Legion’s Fate Explained Fallout Season 2 finally gave fans a proper look at Caesar’s Legion in the third episode. The brutal, authoritarian faction was one of the most compelling elements of Fallout New Vegas, and fans have been itching to see it make […] Aryan Singh 5 hours ago View quick summary In this guide, we've explained the fate of both Caesar and his Legion as revealed in Fallout Season 2. Who Is Macaulay Culkin's Character in Fallout Season 2? Explained Whether you are a fan of the live-action Fallout series or not, one thing you will have to agree with is that this TV show has always absolutely nailed it when it comes to casting. However, now, things are going […] Shashank Shakya 5 hours ago View quick summary Fallout Season 2 introduces us to Macaulay Culkin as a part of its cast and here is everything you need to know about his character. Fallout Season 2: Who is Victor the Robot? Fallout is probably one of the biggest video game franchises of our time, and one could get the idea of its popularity from the reception of its live-action series. The ongoing Season 2 has taken fans to New Vegas, introducing […] Shashank Shakya 5 hours ago View quick summary Fallout Season 2 ibrings in another character from Fallout: New Vegas, introducing us to Victor the Robot and here is everything you should know about the character. Stranger Things Season 5 Episode 8 Release Date and Time (Countdown Timer) Stranger Things Season 5 is racing towards its finale, and all the events that have happened in the final chapter so far have raised fandom’s excitement to a new level. Vecna has grown stronger than before, and the Hawkins gang […] Aparna Ukil 7 hours ago View quick summary As Stranger Things is finally coming to an end with each passing minute, we're here to break down exactly when you can watch the final chapter. How to Get Pulp Fiction Skins and Emote in Fortnite Fortnite Chapter 7 Season 1 kicked off with an absolute bang, bringing The Bride from Kill Bill to the Battle Pass in one of the most unexpected collaborations yet. While surprising, The Bride set the tone for what players can […] Pranav Maytray 7 hours ago View quick summary Epic Games has brought the iconic Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield skins to Fortnite as part of the new Pulp Fiction collab. Chris Hemsworth's Thor Gets Latest Avengers Doomsday Trailer A massive parade of superheroes is set to return in Avengers: Doomsday later this year. While the fans wait for a full-length trailer, Marvel is giving us bite-sized teasers featuring anticipated heroes that will be part of the roster. All […] Shashank Shakya 8 hours ago View quick summary The Thor teaser trailer for Avengers: Doomsday has been released, and you can see him talking to his late father about his daughter. Marvel Rivals Came Crashing Into 2025 as an Overwatch Killer and Repeated the Same Mistakes For nearly a decade, Overwatch has dominated hero shooters, which set the gold standard for such games, as Blizzard’s 2016 hit title defined the genre, not just popularized it among the mainstream audience. Even though its dicey transition to Overwatch […] Rishabh Sabarwal 14 hours ago View quick summary If you've played Marvel Rivals, for a moment you also would have believed that this is an Overwatch killer in 2025. But here's why it's failing and repeating the same mistakes. Roblox's "Steal a Brainrot" Delivered a 2025 Masterclass in Player Engagement and Gave UEFN a Second Wind 2025 was the year of video games and not just for indie and AAA titles, but also the platforms like Roblox and UEFN. But if you spent time in Roblox in any capacity, then you are already a part of […] Ishan Adhikary 17 hours ago View quick summary Here's why I think Steal a Brainrot defined the year 2025 and proved why it is a masterclass in CCU and player engagement. This Gorgeous Puzzle Collection is a Surprising Freebie on the Epic Games Holiday Giveaway (December 30) The 2025 Epic Games Holiday giveaway continues to chug on at full speed, with new freebies being introduced every single day. The platform has already given away critically-acclaimed titles such as Hogwarts Legacy, Sorry We’re Closed, and Bloodstained: Ritual of […] Aryan Singh 21 hours ago View quick summary Trine Classic Collection is the latest freebie in the 2025 Epic Games Holiday Giveaway, offering four games for the price of zero. Gege Akutami Killed Jujutsu Kaisen in 2024 Yet Gloriously Resurrected It in 2025 Gege Akutami didn’t become a household name among the manga community until his magnum opus, the Jujutsu Kaisen series, brought him the limelight he deserved. Gege’s JJK 0 with Yuta as the protagonist caught the attention of manga readers, and […] Ajith Kumar 22 hours ago View quick summary We couldn't believe our eyes when Gege announced a new spin-off manga set in the JJK universe earlier this year. After leaving the fans disappointed with the rushed ending of JJK in 2024, it was so hard to win back the trust of his fans. But Gege has did the impossible with his Modulo series this year and here are my thoughts about it. New Games 2026: All Video Games Coming out This Year (Release Calendar) 2025 is officially in the books as yet another incredible year for gaming, which means it’s time to turn our attention towards the new titles coming in 2026. We’re barely out of the holiday season, yet the upcoming year is […] Aryan Singh 22 hours ago View quick summary To help players keep track of new games releasing throughout the year, we've put together a 2026 video game release calendar. Marvel Rivals New Year's Event Countdown Timer and How to Join Marvel Rivals recently commemorated its first anniversary in style, and it’s keeping the celebrations going with a New Year’s event that’s open to all players. Following in the steps of other live-service titles such as Fortnite, Netease has announced a […] Aryan Singh 24 hours ago View quick summary In this guide, we've provided all the important details about the Marvel Rivals New Year's event, including a handy timer to help you keep up with its schedule. Pokemon GO New Year's 2026 Event: All Bonuses, Spawns, Raids, and More The year 2025 is about to end, and it’s time for Pokemon GO’s New Year celebration. Pokemon GO New Year’s 2026 event is a great way to start your year in the game, as it features plenty of new spawns, rewards, […] Arnamoy Das 24 hours ago View quick summary Check out our complete Pokemon GO New Year's 2026 event guide, and learn about the bonuses, timed research, rewards and featured Pokemon. Pokemon TCG Pocket New Year 2026 Campaign: All Missions and Free Rewards Pokemon TCG Pocket brings a new event celebrating every festive occasion. During the New Year, players can participate in the new TCG Pocket New Year 2026 Campaign event. You can complete a set of event missions and earn plenty of […] Arnamoy Das 24 hours ago View quick summary Check out our Pokemon TCG Pocket New Year 2026 Campaign event, and learn about all the missions and free gifts that you can earn. 5 Best One Piece Episodes I Watched in 2025 2024 was a phenomenal year for the One Piece fans, with the first act of the Egghead saga taking the world by storm. All the major battles, such as Shanks vs. Kid, Luffy vs. Lucci, and Garp vs. Blackbeard Pirates, […] Ajith Kumar 1 day ago View quick summary No one can deny the fact that the One Piece team went on to deliver high-quality episodes in the second part of the Egghead arc this year. Picking up my favorite One Piece episodes of 2025 was a tough job, yet here are the 5 best One Piece episodes I watched this year. Pokemon TCG Pocket Mareep Drop Event: All Missions, Promo Cards and Free Rewards Pokemon TCG Pocket’s first event for 2026 will feature Mareep in Solo Battles. During the Drop Event, you’ll be able to get the Mareep Art Rare Promo card by participating in Solo Battles. You can also get some other cards, […] Arnamoy Das 1 day ago View quick summary Pokemon TCG Pocket Mareep Drop Event is here, bringing Mareep Art Rare Promo, alongside other cards, and many rewards. All Upcoming Fortnite Skin Leaks: Every Rumored Collab Coming in 2026 Collaborations have become one of the most exciting aspects of Fortnite’s vast ecosystem, with Epic Games continuously bringing characters and personalities into the Fortnite Island. As the game’s library of crossovers continues to grow, players are always guessing as to […] Pranav Maytray 1 day ago View quick summary Recent leaks have hinted at some upcoming Fortnite skins, including much-awaited anime crossovers and even Hollywood franchises. Steam Best Games of 2025 List Shocks Players as Unexpected Titles Dominate Sales The year 2025 has been one of the best in gaming. We have had some amazing games to play this year, and with the year coming to an end, Steam has come forward and revealed its best games of 2025 […] Sanmay Chakrabarti 1 day ago View quick summary Steam has revealed its top selling games of 2025 and the list features a large number of unexpected Indie games, alongside expected big name titles. If you want to check the list, read our entire guide here. How to Change Your Gmail Address Without Losing Data Google is starting to roll out the ability to change your Gmail address without losing your existing data. This option will be applicable even if you have “@gmail.com” address. Earlier, Google said that if your account’s email address ends in […] Arjun Sha 1 day ago View quick summary You can go to myaccount.google.com/google-account-email to change your Gmail address. The option is gradually rolling out so it may not be immediately available to all users. Your old Gmail address and the new one will continue to work without any issue. 10 Best Underrated TV Shows of 2025 As 2025 comes to a close, fans have been following the tradition to look back on the biggest television shows or the ones that made fans talk about them. While there were the anticipated releases like Peacemaker Season 2, Stranger […] Aparna Ukil 1 day ago View quick summary As we move on to 2026, we want you to check out this list that involves the best underrated TV Shows of 2025 you shouldn't miss. Ryan Coogler Reveals Early Details for The X-Files Reboot The X-Files is a legacy television property that reshaped storytelling and pop culture in many ways. It was one such show that was ahead of its time when it was released; in fact, it inspired countless shows. So it was […] Aparna Ukil 1 day ago View quick summary The X-Files has been a legacy show that garnered a massive fand during its run. So, when the reboot was announced in 2023, fans were eager to know more about it. Well, Coogler has opened up first time for the revival project. 5 Most Anticipated TV Shows Of 2026 You Shouldn't Miss 2025 has been a year that gave the cinephiles several reasons to cherish it by blessing them with some amazing television series, be it new or returning ones. Top names among them are The Pitt, Severance Season 2, Stranger Things […] Aparna Ukil 1 day ago View quick summary 2025 is about to end and it's obvious that you would want to know the TV Series worth watching in the coming year. Here's the article that will help you sort your 2026 watchlist. I Watched Every Major Premiere This Year and These 5 TV Shows Were 2025's Biggest Letdowns 2025 gave us many television series to cherish, be it the reboots, returning shows, or the new ones; the year kept us busy since the very beginning with anticipated releases. However, while many of them impressed the fandom, there were […] Aparna Ukil 1 day ago View quick summary 2025 gave us numerous television shows that won our hearts but there were also several such releases that were a huge disappointment. In this post, we have listed top 5 worst TV Shows of the year. Top 10 Actors to Look for in 2026 2025 is almost over, and with that, another great year for the movies has come to an end. Throughout the year, we have seen some great movies and some talented actors making their mark in the industry. Now, as we […] Aparna Ukil 1 day ago View quick summary 2026 is almost here, and every movie fanatic is excited to see what the next year has in store for them. However, before we discuss the upcoming movies, it's best to discuss some the best actors to look forward to in 2026. How A Minecraft Movie Proved Minecraft is Bigger than Just a Game in 2025 For more than a decade, Minecraft has comfortably lived as that game – the one that everyone has played or at least heard about. It is the ultimate sandbox, which is endlessly replayable and customizable, all thanks to the active […] Bipradeep Biswas 2 days ago View quick summary The success of A Minecraft Movie in 2025 proves that its is more than just a video game. It has united players across different generations and has fully packed the theatres. This showcases the depth and how big the gaming community really is. So, check our opinion to know why the Minecraft Movie worked in 2025. This Multi-Dimensional Puzzler Is an Awesome Freebie in the Epic Games Holiday Giveaway (December 29) Another day, another new freebie in the Epic Games Holiday Sale. The platform has been on an impressive run of free video game giveaways, having handed out titles such as Hogwarts Legacy, Sorry We’re Closed, and The Callisto Protocol, to […] Aryan Singh 2 days ago View quick summary The latest freebie in the 2025 Epic Games Holiday Giveaway is Viewfinder – a charming multi-dimensional puzzler that lets you use photographs as tangible geometry. The Best Fortnite Collabs of 2025 That Left a Lasting Impact Collaborations have become the backbone of Fortnite and its entire ecosystem. With every passing day, Epic Games continues to add characters from various universes and IPs to the game’s already vast character roster. 2025 was no different in this regard, […] Pranav Maytray 2 days ago View quick summary Fortnite had a massive year filled with ambitious collaborations in 2025, ranging from Godzilla to music icons like Daft Punk. Here we break down the best ones players got to see this year. Does Fortnite Have a New Year Event and Free Reward This Year? The time around New Year’s is one of the most exciting times for gamers, and Epic Games is known for hosting the best festive celebrations in Fortnite. This is exemplified by the New Year’s Event that takes place in-game every […] Pranav Maytray 2 days ago View quick summary With 2026 right around the corner, players are looking to celebrate it with Fortnite's yearly New Year's Event in-game. Here's what you need to know. Best Christmas Games 2025: Video Games to Enjoy This Holiday Season It’s the most wonderful time of the year, folks. The holiday season is finally upon us, bringing some much-needed rest, reprieve, comfort, and joy after what’s been an eventful year (to say the least). Periods such as this have the […] Aryan Singh 2 days ago View quick summary To help you celebrate Christmas and the holidays in style, we've put together a list of the 12 best festive games to check out this holiday season. The 50 Best Video Games of All Time Video Games have been around since forever, and they’re one of the top-grossing forms of entertainment in the world, even surpassing TV and cinema. Each year, millions of gamers either purchase a video game console or a computer on which […] Rishabh Sabarwal 2 days ago View quick summary Beebom's Gaming Team has compiled a list of the 50 best video games that should be on every gamer's playlist. Read on to find out if your favorite game made it. 10 Best Indie Games of 2025 The year 2025 has been the best for gamers in the last decade. We had some incredible games to play this year, and most of them came out of indie studios. The gaming scenario is starting to see a shift […] Sanmay Chakrabarti 2 days ago View quick summary The year 2025 have been stacked with incredible games, most of them coming out of indie studios. With so many incredible games released, here is a quick look back at the 10 best indie games in 2025. Simu Liu's Sleeping Dogs Game Movie Finds Its Director Sleeping Dogs is a popular action-adventure game from Square Enix. The game released in 2012, and its combat is considered one of the best to this day. So, it’s no surprise that the announcement of a live-action adaptation of Sleeping […] Aparna Ukil 2 days ago View quick summary Sleeping Dogs live-action adaptation was announced earlier this year, and after a long wait, the film finally has a director. It seems like Timo Tjahjanto, the man who gave us movies like Nobody 2 and May The Devil Take you will direct the upcoming film. Arknights Endfield Is My Escape Plan From Typical Gacha Burnout I am tired of gacha games. That’s it, I have opened my heart to you after suppressing it for the entirety of 2025. After having big expectations at the end of 2024, the year 2025 has only trampled on my […] Sanmay Chakrabarti 3 days ago View quick summary Arknights Endfield will be a massive change to the typical gacha gameplay with its AIC mechanic. This will be the first time players will be given complete freedom to build all over a map in a gacha game. The game is set to release in January 2026, so here is what I expect from it. This Retro-Style Horror RPG is a Uniquely Fun Freebie on Epic Games Holiday Sale (December 28) With the New Year right on the horizon, I am sure all of you have spent your weekends well by trying out the new free games given on Epic Games Store. Although we have only gotten a few big names […] Sanmay Chakrabarti 3 days ago View quick summary The SKALD Against the Black Priory is the twelfth free game on Epic Games Store Holiday 2025 event. Learn everything you need to know about this retro-style single-player RPG horror game from our our guide. A Look at the 2025 Gaming World That Almost Existed If GTA 6 Hadn't Been Delayed Again Fall 2025 was going to be monumental, solely because it was supposed to host the release of GTA 6. Thousands were set for week-long PTOs, games journalists braced for exhaustive work hours, and Take-Two prepared for unprecedented success, but we […] Aryan Singh 3 days ago View quick summary While GTA 6 has now been delayed to a 2026 release, let's take a look at the gaming landscape if the Rockstar title had actually been released in 2025. The World's 8 Best AI Companies Shaping the Future The AI revolution is not just limited to Silicon Valley. New AI companies are emerging from all around the world with powerful AI models and research breakthroughs. So in this article, we have ranked the eight best AI companies from […] Arjun Sha 3 days ago View quick summary New AI companies are emerging with powerful AI models and research breakthroughs. You have Google DeepMind, OpenAI, Anthropic, DeepSeek, and so many other AI labs leading the frontier AI race. Read our article to learn more about these notable AI companies. Call of Duty Fatigue Hit Its Peak in 2025 and Became Impossible to Ignore for Activision Call of Duty fatigue officially hit peak levels in 2025 as Activision’s monolithic IP finally saw its stock hit rock bottom. Player count figures have cratered to shocking lows, Black Ops 7 unit sales are well-below expectations, and the franchise […] Aryan Singh 4 days ago View quick summary After years of underwhelming releases and lack of innovation, Call of Duty fatigue ran rampant during 2025. With the franchise facing an existential crisis, Activision needs to take stock of situation and fix things before it's too late. 10 Best Indie Games of 2025 The year 2025 has been the best for gamers in the last decade. We had some incredible games to play this year, and most of them came out of indie studios. The gaming scenario is starting to see a shift […] Sanmay Chakrabarti 4 days ago View quick summary The year 2025 have been stacked with incredible games, most of them coming out of indie studios. With so many incredible games released, here is a quick look back at the 10 best indie games in 2025. How to Get Astraeus Serenade Rod in Fisch Before 2025 ends, Fisch finally revealed one last update, and it brings the most riddled secret to the game. And if you uncover the secret, you can finally get the Astraeus Rod. In this guide, learn how to complete the […] Ishan Adhikary 4 days ago View quick summary Here is the full guide to get the Astraeus Serenade Rod in Fisch, including the ways to get all the required materials. How to Get OG Skibidi Toilet in Steal a Brainrot Steal a Brainrot is ending 2025 with a brand new OG brainrot on offer, and it is the true mascot of the franchise. Yes, the developers finally added the Skibidi Toilet in the game. This is an OG brainrot you […] Ishan Adhikary 4 days ago View quick summary In this guide, learn how to get the Steal a Brainrot Skibidi Toilet OG brainrot, along with its price, stats, and more. Grow a Garden New Years Shop Guide Holidays are slowly coming toward the end in Grow a Garden, and it ends with the New Year’s celebrations. Although there are a couple of days before the year ends, Jandel has entered the garden with a brand new shop […] Ishan Adhikary 4 days ago View quick summary In this guide, learn about the Grow a Garden New Years Shop, all items in it, their prices, restock timer, and the best ones to get. Grow a Garden New Years Free Rewards (And How to Get Them) It’s the final week of December, and Grow a Garden has just revealed the New Years update. While the year ended on a cold note for the game, the developers don’t want to compromise on warming up the inventory of […] Ishan Adhikary 4 days ago View quick summary Here is the list of all Grow a Garden New Years Free Rewards that you can claim as login gifts, including free seeds, eggs, and more. All Grow a Garden New Year's Egg Pets A new year awaits us and Grow a Garden is here with the final update of 2025. To celebrate, New Year’s pets are joining the party. Along with decoration mastery, these pets are great for mutation multipliers. In this guide, […] Ishan Adhikary 4 days ago View quick summary In this guide, learn about all Grow a Garden New Year's Egg pets, how to get them, and what traits they offer. Don't Miss This Pokemon-Style RPG Freebie on the Epic Games Holiday Giveaway (December 27) As we draw closer to the new year, the free games from the Epic Games holiday event are also coming to an end. So far, we have been rewarded with only a couple of really big names, like Hogwarts Legacy […] Sanmay Chakrabarti 4 days ago View quick summary Cassette Beasts is the eleventh free game on Epic Games Store Holiday 2025 event. Learn everything you need to know about this creature-collector open-world JRPG from our our guide. One Piece Episode 1155 Release Time and Date (Countdown Timer) At last, the Egghead incident comes to a close with a win for the Straw Hat Pirates. Now, they are peacefully setting sail to Elbaf along with the Giant Warrior Pirates. As the One Piece production team planned before, the […] Ajith Kumar 4 days ago View quick summary It feels like Luffy and his crew just stepped into the futuristic island but here we are at the end of the Egghead arc. Tune in this weekend to see the epic finale but before that discover the release date and time of One Piece episode 1155 here. JJK Modulo Chapter 17 Gets Delayed, Here's the New Release Date Jujutsu Kaisen Modulo Chapter 16 ended on a cliffhanger, and while fans are awaiting the new chapter with bated breath, we have some unexpected news. The holiday season is here, so how can we expect Shonen Jump Magazine not to […] Aparna Ukil 4 days ago View quick summary Jujutsu Kaisen Modulo Chapter 17 is highly anticipated as the previous one left on a cliffhanger note. However, it will not arrive as scheduled, so here, we reveal the new release date for you to remember. In 2025, Arc Raiders Showed Extraction Shooters Still Have Teeth Extraction shooters were supposed to be tired by now. That was the talk going into 2025. The label of being punishing and too niche was attached to every game from this genre. And the sad part was that the majority […] Ishan Adhikary 4 days ago View quick summary Arc Raiders proves that extraction shooters can still thrive in 2025 by focusing on tension, clarity, and player choice instead of pure punishment. Smart audio design, meaningful PvE enemies, and flexible progression make every raid feel dangerous without being exhausting. Solo players, squads, PvE grinders, and PvP hunters can all coexist without the game bending itself into knots. Plants vs Brainrots New Year Countdown – How to Get Limited Del Blingo 2026 2025 is about to end, and we are a few days away from welcoming 2026. Like other Roblox games, the New Year Countdown has already started in Plants vs Brainrots. During the Countdown event, you can take part in it […] Arnamoy Das 4 days ago View quick summary Check out our Plants vs Brainrots New Year Countdown guide, keep track of the time and learn how you can get the limited Del Blingo 2026 brainrot. Plants vs Brainrots Rocket Event Guide 2026 is almost here, and it’s time for the last 2025 update in Plants vs Brainrots. The latest Plants vs Brainrots update brings in the Rocket Event, which requires you to launch fireworks. This is a very fun event, a […] Arnamoy Das 4 days ago View quick summary Check out our complete Plants vs Brainrots Rocket event guide, and learn how you can find and hit rockets, and obtain all the rewards. The Best Books on AI for 2026: A Comprehensive Reading List Artificial Intelligence is no longer a future technology. We are witnessing the AI revolution right now, and it’s improving at a breakneck pace. So to understand this essential technology, we have compiled the best books on AI. We have included […] Arjun Sha 4 days ago View quick summary Are you looking to understand the field of AI? We have curated the best books on AI that traces the history of Artificial Intelligence, current capabilities, limitations, and more. Go ahead and check out our book recommendations. The 50 Best Video Games of All Time Video Games have been around since forever, and they’re one of the top-grossing forms of entertainment in the world, even surpassing TV and cinema. Each year, millions of gamers either purchase a video game console or a computer on which […] Rishabh Sabarwal 5 days ago View quick summary Beebom's Gaming Team has compiled a list of the 50 best video games that should be on every gamer's playlist. Read on to find out if your favorite game made it. This Co-Op Puzzle Solving Adventure Is Free on Epic Games Holiday Sale (December 26) With Christmas behind us, we can all look forward to the next year. As the new year draws closer, Epic Games Store also steps up with more free games. They have already given Hogwarts Legacy and Disco Elysium for free […] Sanmay Chakrabarti 5 days ago View quick summary We Were Here Together is the tenth game given for free in the Epic Games holiday free game 2025 event. This game is a co-op campaign that is story rich and has a dark setting. Learn everything about it from our guide. Knife Arena Codes (December 2025) Update: added new Knife Arena codes on December 26, 2025 Roblox has no shortage of shooter games, but few capture the raw chaos of close-range combat like Knife Arena. This fast-paced melee brawler is all about speed, timing, and cutting […] Ishan Adhikary 5 days ago View quick summary Here is the list of all new Knife Arena codes that will give free skin case for limited and exclusive knife skins. Best Pokemon TCG Pocket Pom-Pom Oricorio and Magnezone Deck Pokemon TCG Pocket is filled with EX and Mega Evolution decks. And right now, the best thing you can do is build a deck that counters most of the top TCG Pocket decks. This means all the cards in the […] Arnamoy Das 5 days ago View quick summary Check out our Pokemon TCG Pocket Pom-Pom Oricorio and Magnezone deck guide, and learn about the best decks, cards, and their strategy. Load More Trending Stories in News 01 JJK Modulo Chapter 17 Gets Delayed, Here’s the New Release Date Aparna Ukil 02 Fallout Season 2: Who is Victor the Robot? Shashank Shakya 03 Steam Best Games of 2025 List Shocks Players as Unexpected Titles Dominate Sales Sanmay Chakrabarti 04 Ryan Coogler Reveals Early Details for The X-Files Reboot Aparna Ukil 05 This Multi-Dimensional Puzzler Is an Awesome Freebie in the Epic Games Holiday Giveaway (December 29) Aryan Singh Trending Stories in Gaming 01 The Forge Codes (December 2025) Ishan Adhikary 02 Volleyball Legends Codes (December 2025) Ishan Adhikary 03 Hunty Zombie Codes (December 2025) Ishan Adhikary 04 Blue Lock Rivals Codes (December 2025) Ishan Adhikary 05 Untitled Boxing Game Codes (December 2025) Ishan Adhikary Trending Stories in Entertainment 01 Stranger Things Season 5 Volume 2 Release Time and Date (Countdown Timer) Aparna Ukil 02 All Bleach Arcs in Order (Anime and Manga) Ajith Kumar 03 All One Piece Arcs in Order (2025 Guide) Ajith Kumar 04 One Piece Episode 1155 Release Time and Date (Countdown Timer) Ajith Kumar 05 30 Best Boys Love (BL) Anime You Must Watch in 2025 Ajith Kumar Beebom is one of the leading consumer technology websites aimed at helping people understand and use technology in a better way. About Us Careers Get in touch Advertise Privacy Policy Editorial Guidelines Beebom is one of the leading consumer technology websites aimed at helping people understand and use technology in a better way. About Us Careers Get in touch Advertise Privacy Policy Editorial Guidelines © Beebom Media Private Limited