Software solutions for your extended workforce | Beeline Solutions Size Enterprise For a large or complex external workforce Mid-sized business For 50 or more external workers Solutions Extended workforce platform An end-to-end platform for all types of external workforce engagement Vendor management systems (VMS) Simplify external workforce management Agent of Record (AOR) / Employer of Record (EOR) Safely and efficiently engage in independent professionals Supplier solutions Built for suppliers behind the results Shift-based workforce management Manage your high-volume, frontline workforce Benefits Visibility Complete visibility into your external workforce Efficiency Streamline processes and increase efficiency Cost saving Manage hard costs, soft costs, and hidden costs Compliance Aid compliance and mitigate risks Talk to sales Free demo Products Workforce solutions Beeline Enterprise VMS to support large, global, complex external workforce programs Beeline Professional VMS for mid-sized companies, built to move fast and grow with them JoinedUp by Beeline Manage frontline labor with speed and control Compliance MBO Partners by Beeline Safely and efficiently engage independent professionals through AOR and EOR services Supplier solutions Beeline Supplier Network Help suppliers and agencies support clients more efficiently Talk to sales Free demo Insights Blogs Find the latest and greatest trends going on in the external workforce All resources Explore our library of industry resources In the news Keep up to date with the latest news and industry thought leading events Webinars & events Get actionable guidance from leaders driving external workforce transformation Talk to sales Free demo Partners MSP Partners Partnering with leading MSP's for your success Solution partners An extensive contingent workforce partner network that includes a range of vital services Beeline Supplier Network Whatever your hiring program you'll find a supplier to partner with and drive success Become a supplier Elevate your visibility to hiring managers representing $68B annually in contract workforce spending Talk to sales Free demo About us Support Talk to sales Free demo search account_circle Login English Deutsch Free consult Your extended workforce. Full force. With a range of solutions for managing today’s external workforce, Beeline empowers businesses to deliver leading contingent workforce programs. Our solutions Request a demo The world's best-known brands rely on Beeline to manage their non-employees. The only platform fully focused on the external workforce For over 25 years, Beeline has been the trusted technology partner for businesses managing contingent labor. Our multi-product portfolio delivers measurable value across the entire ecosystem — from the companies that rely on external talent, to the suppliers who deliver it, to the workers who make it happen. Discover what’s possible when you have the right technology powering your external workforce. VMS for enterprise companies Supports large, global organizations with complex contingent workforce programs. Learn more VMS for mid-sized companies Offers a modern, scalable solution tailored for mid-market and regional programs. Learn more Connect more opportunities and manage client relationships Enable suppliers to access more business, strengthen client partnerships, and streamline how they manage contingent opportunities. Learn more Frontline labor management Delivers shift and roster management for high-volume, real-time labor environments. Learn more Independent contractor engagement and compliance Ensures compliant, streamlined engagement of independent contractors and freelancers. Learn more Anti-impersonation service Protects organizations from candidate fraud with best-in-class technology and compliance expertise to authenticate the identity of contract talent. Learn more Not sure where to start? Let us help. Answer a few quick questions and we’ll point you to the best solution for your needs. Start the quiz close Discover the right Beeline solution for your organization By answering a few quick questions, we’ll help identify the Beeline solution that best aligns with your goals, workforce structure, and operational needs. Question 1 of 4 What type of technology are you looking for? Manage contingent workers Manage shift-based workers Next Question 2 of 4 How many contingent or external workers do you have at your organization? Less than 50 50-350 350+ Not sure Previous Next Question 3 of 4 How do you currently manage your contingent workers and staffing suppliers? Spreadsheets VMS Other software Not sure Previous Next Question 4 of 4 What’s most important to you? Speedy implementation Simple user interface Customization to align with company processes Localized, global compliance for individual countries Previous Get Results Your Best Fit is Beeline Enterprise Beeline Enterprise VMS for enterprise Based on your responses, Beeline Enterprise stands out as the premier choice for managing your external workforce. This comprehensive vendor management system (VMS) is tailored for large-scale organizations aiming to streamline and optimize their contingent labor programs. Explore how Beeline Enterprise can transform your contingent workforce management. Learn More arrow_forward Your Best Fit is Beeline Professional Beeline Professional VMS for mid-sized companies and smaller programs Based on your responses, Beeline Professional is the premier choice for managing your contingent workforce. Tailored for mid-sized businesses and organizations with a growing contingent workforce, Beeline Professional offers a streamlined, efficient, and cost-effective Vendor Management System (VMS) solution that can be live in as little as 30 days. Explore how Beeline Professional can transform your contingent workforce management. Learn More arrow_forward Your Best Fit is JoinedUp by Beeline JoinedUp by Beeline Shift-based labor management Based on your responses, JoinedUp by Beeline is the premier choice for managing your high-volume, shift-based workforce. JoinedUp caters to shift-based work with an innovative approach to scheduling, time and attendance, complex rate calculations, and invoicing. Explore how JoinedUp by Beeline can help you manage shift workers compliantly, efficiently and transparently. Learn More arrow_forward Request a demo for [Dynamic Result] Start Over Benefits that drive real results With unmatched experience, innovation, and service, Beeline gives you the visibility, control, and cost-efficiency you need to elevate your workforce strategies. Visibility Detailed insight into your external workforce, allowing you to track and manage every aspect of your contingent labor program. Learn more Cost savings Reduce workforce spend by uncovering the hidden costs of your contingent workforce. Learn more Efficiency Drive workforce efficiency by streamlining processes, automating tasks, and enabling faster, smarter decision making. Learn more Compliance Mitigate risk by enforcing policies that adhere to labor laws and regulatory requirements. Learn more Choosing a technology provider can be a career-making — or breaking — decision. We wanted proven technology, but technology that got us excited about the future – both in terms of where the company was headed, and where its technology could take us. Beeline is that right mix of being the safe choice, but also taking smart risks that allow for really impressive customer programs. Global Communications Company arrow_forward_ios arrow_forward_ios Analysts proclaim Beeline is leading the way Industry analysts cite our “unique solutions and technology” and rate Beeline the leading innovator in our field, with the “potential to revolutionize the industry.” Leader and Star Performer for worldwide reach with strong presence across North America, EMEA, and APAC and comprehensive insights with advanced analytics and reporting functionalities. 2025 Everest VMS Peak Matrix Assessment Read report arrow_forward Market Leader based on forward-thinking strategies and continuous platform enhancements with more flexibility to serve various market segments, categories of labor, and types of engagement. Ardent Partners 2025 VMS Technology Advisor report Read report arrow_forward Market Leader in VMS Excellence with top scores across all key VMS functional areas, with particular strengths in Time/Expense/Billing, SOW, Candidate Sourcing, Reporting/Analytics, and Compliance/Audit. 2025 SIA VMS Landscape report Read report arrow_forward #1 Provider with complete solutions, covering all aspects of extended workforce management and cutting-edge technology, particularly in AI and analytics. In 2024 Spark Matrix report Read report arrow_forward arrow_forward_ios arrow_forward_ios Resources and insights View all insights chevron_right Research 2025 State of Independence in America Report webinar October 2, 2025 How a VMS helps solve key contingent workforce challenges December 9, 2025 Strategic VMS Buyers Guide View all insights chevron_right Built on experience. Backed by trust. We’re more than a technology platform. With Beeline, you gain a true strategic partner — combining decades of workforce intelligence, top industry experts, and a people-first ecosystem built for continuous innovation. Join over 400 of the world’s leading brands that trust Beeline to power their contingent workforce strategies. Connect with one of our experts today for a personalized consultation. Request a demo Follow Beeline on LinkedIn Subscribe to Beeline on YouTube Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Solutions Extended Workforce Platform Beeline Enterprise Beeline Professional Shift-based Workforce Supplier Network One Company About Beeline Support Careers Partners Contact Us Insights Resources News & Events Why Beeline? User Experience Extended Workforce Connectivity Customer Success Global Solutions Accessibility Statement Data Security Modern Slavery Act Statement Supplier Code of Conduct Privacy Notice © Beeline 2025