Generative Video Experience Infrastructure | Platform for Media, Retail, and Commerce Network TED launches new Shorts feature in partnership with Genuin Platform GenAI Company Discover Log in Start for free Generative | Infrastructure embedded in your own digital properties. Watch and Learn Watch and Learn Connect with us Watch Explainer Watch Explainer Connect with us Trusted by our partners AWARENESS & DISCOVERABILITY Turn curiosity into connection by keeping users within your own ecosystem. Learn more about Genuin Embeds Explore Contextual Feed Explore Discovery on LLM & SEO ENGAGEMENT & CONVERSION Showcase immersive video that drives longer sessions, deeper interaction & better outcomes. Start with your brand objective Explore Community Engagement Explore Notification BRAND SAFETY & INCREASE YIELD Protect consumers and boost yield with consent-based content, smart moderation & full control. Learn more about Data Connector Explore Zero-party Data Explore Content Moderation LOYALTY & ADVOCACY Spark return visits and word-of-mouth through user-fueled community influence. USE CASES Explore Use Cases Content Aggregation Community Sponsorship Creator Activation Consumer Participation Social Commerce VERTICALS Explore by Vertical Previous slide Next slide Retail Media & Entertainment Food & Delivery Health & Wellness Travel Auto BUSINESS MODELS Explore by Business Model Previous slide Next slide For Retail Media For Commerce Media For Media Publisher For Creators For Advertiser “Reclaiming the destination” is no longer a nice-to-have Up to 6 X Increase in time on site Up to 307 % Conversion lift Additional 16-18 MIN In average session time (over last quarter) Up to 32-35 MIN Per month/ per user (Q2 2024) Create a Brand-Owned Community • Build Communities with UGC • Invite to Join Communities • Grow Your Communities Create a Brand-Owned Community • Build Communities with UGC • Invite to Join Communities • Grow Your Communities Create a Brand-Owned Community • Build Communities with UGC • Invite to Join Communities • Grow Your Communities Create a Brand-Owned Community • Build Communities with UGC • Invite to Join Communities • Grow Your Communities Generate Original Content • Incentivize & Convert Creators • Increase Conversion with Social Commerce • In-Store to Digital Engagement Generate Original Content • Incentivize & Convert Creators • Increase Conversion with Social Commerce • In-Store to Digital Engagement Generate Original Content • Incentivize & Convert Creators • Increase Conversion with Social Commerce • In-Store to Digital Engagement Generate Original Content • Incentivize & Convert Creators • Increase Conversion with Social Commerce • In-Store to Digital Engagement DISCOVER Where content and culture meets commerce Get inspired by hundreds of other communities across various interests, topics, and brands. Join Personal Growth TED Talks that help you be a better human. Helping you become more compassionate, self-aware, & connected to those around you. 115 Members 1 Groups 23 Videos Future you @ted posted ∙ 1w You + 5 others TED Talks to inspire you and motivate you to grow into the best version of you. 23 posts ∙ 5k views Join Health Care Hub Empowering medical learners with innovative insights for healthcare advancement. 1147 Members 18 Groups 1821 Videos Physicians @buzzcontinuum posted ∙ 1w You + 5 others MD/DO Physicians discussions on healthcare advancements and medical... 194 posts ∙ 10k views Join Carlist.my Malaysia's No.1 Car Site! Stay up to date with the latest automotive news and learn everything about cars here. 15 Members 6 Groups 110 Videos Car News @carlist.my posted ∙ 1w You + 5 others Malaysia's No.1 Car Site! Stay up to date with the latest automotive news and learn everything about cars here. 38 posts ∙ 5k views Launch Your Brand Community Get started for free. Sign up for an account Let's talk! Enter your contact info and our team will be in touch shortly. Submit By submitting this form, you agree to receive promotional messages from Genuin about its products and services. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the link at the bottom of our emails. Contact Us PRODUCTS Embedded Communities Data Connector COMPANY About us TRUST AND COMPLIANCE Privacy policy Terms and services