Home About Contact RSS Subscribe
 
Exfusion Review: Tag Markets investment fraud
Dec.27, 2025 in MLM Reviews Leave a Comment

Exfusion operates from a subdomain “exfusion.ibportal.io”. The root domain, “ibportal.io”, was privately registered on October 19th, 2025.

The “ibportal.io” root domain is disabled. A search for the domain reveals multiple Tag Markets associated schemes operating from it.

Beyond its “ibportal.io” subdomain, Exfusion is run through a shady Telegram group named @exfusioninternationalofficial.

Names we can attach through Exfusion marketing material are serial fraudsters.

First we have Asker Sakinmaz:

Sakinmaz, from Turkey, first popped up on BehindMLM’s radar as CEO of the FlexKom pyramid scheme in 2013.

FlexKom was rebooted as Weeconomy in 2019. Weeconomy marked a transition to MLM related crypto fraud.

In his capacity as a FlexKom executive, Sakinmaz was convicted on fraud charges in Belgium in 2020. Sakinmaz, convicted in absentia,  was sentenced to forty months in prison and an €18,000 EUR fine.

After Weeconomy collapsed, in 2021 Sakinmaz resurfaced as part of Safir International’s “circle of trust”.

Safir International was an MLM crypto Ponzi built around Zeniq Coin. The scam collapsed in 2023.

After Safir International Sakinmaz resurfaced as Director of Sales for the AiConnects MLM crypto Ponzi.

AiConnects’ website is still up but its social media was abandoned in October 2025.

Another name we can attach to Exfusion is Michael Baur:

As above, Baur is running official Exfusion and NeoFX marketing webinars.

In 2019 a BehindMLM reader tied Baur to the CMMT Revolution Ponzi scheme. In August 2022, another BehindMLM reader tied Baur to the collapsed PLC Ultima series of Ponzi schemes.

Baur resurfaced in 2024 to front the Skainet Systems Ponzi scheme.

Skainet Systems collapsed in June 2025. A short-lived Cermak reboot collapsed in July 2025.

Baur resurfaced in September 2025 as CMO of the Nexxano pyramid scheme. Nexxano’s website is still up but Baur is assumed to have ditched the scam and moved on with Exfusion.

On a December 9th Exfusion marketing presentation, Baur confirmed he resides in Dubai.

Exfusion marketing material cites partnership with Tag Markets:

This is because Exfusion is run on Tag Markets, an MLM investment fraud factory owned by Jared Esguerra:

On social media, Esguerra represents he works in “financial services” and is based out of Dubai;

In addition to Esguerra Tag Markets was co-founded by CEO Kevin Marin Valez, a “digital creator” and “business administrator” based out of Colombia.

As per the “Kevin Marin” marketing slide above, Tag Markets is represented to be operating from Columbia [sic] and Dubai.

Due to the proliferation of scams and failure to enforce securities fraud regulation, BehindMLM ranks Dubai as the MLM crime capital of the world.

BehindMLM’s guidelines for Dubai are:

If someone lives in Dubai and approaches you about an MLM opportunity, they’re trying to scam you.
If an MLM company is based out of or represents it has ties to Dubai, it’s a scam.

If you want to know specifically how this applies to Exfusion, read on for a full review. [Continue reading…]

Subhash Sharma’s MLM crypto Ponzi empire targeted in India
Dec.26, 2025 in companies, regulation Leave a Comment

Indian authorities have taken steps to recover funds misappropriated through Subhash Sharma’s MLM crypto Ponzi empire.

Scams named as part of Sharma’s empire include Korvio, Voscrow, DGT, Hypenext, and A-Global. [Continue reading…]

Maxizone Touch MLM scam arrests in India
Dec.26, 2025 in companies, regulation Leave a Comment

Indian authorities have arrested husband-and-wife directors of Maxizone Touch.

BehindMLM isn’t familiar with Maxizone Touch but the Enforcement Directorate cites it as an “MLM scam”.

Maxizone Touch operated from the domain “mymaxizone.com”, registered to Bhushan Singh on November 18th, 2024.

From Maxizone Touch’s official Instagram profile; [Continue reading…]

Meta Whale criminal investigation in Vietnam, arrest warrants
Dec.26, 2025 in Forsage, regulation Leave a Comment

Vietnamese authorities have initiated a criminal investigation into Meta Whale.

Arrest warrants have been issued against top promoters, following confirmation Meta Whale operates illegally. [Continue reading…]

Rodney Burton deemed a flight risk for a third time
Dec.25, 2025 in HyperFund, regulation Leave a Comment

A court has determined that HyperFund Ponzi promoter Rodney Burton is still a flight risk.

The December 22nd ruling marks three instances of a court determining, no matter the conditions imposed, releasing Burton is too risky. [Continue reading…]

iGenius pivots from trading to… selling lab diamonds?
Dec.25, 2025 in Investview 2 Comments

iGenius has revealed plans to sell lab diamonds in 2026.

Top iGenius promoter Anthony Napolitano claims $25,000 to $30,000 commissions will be offered. Not everyone is happy about the pivot from trading to jewelry though. [Continue reading…]

EXW’s Manuel Batista arrested, detained in Dubai
Dec.25, 2025 in companies, regulation Leave a Comment

EXW Ponzi fugitive Manuel Batista has been arrested and detained in Dubai.

Court records seen by BehindMLM reveal Batista was arrested in connection with a criminal case filed earlier this year. On December 12th, a Dubai court ordered Batista detained pending trial.

Beyond assaulting a woman, specifics of fraud charges laid against Batista in Dubai are unclear. [Continue reading…]

TexitCoin collapses, website disabled & socials abandoned
Dec.24, 2025 in companies Leave a Comment

The TexitCoin MLM crypto Ponzi has collapsed.

TexitCoin has been luring investors in on the promise of up to 900% over the past few months. In the lead up to the holiday season however, TexitCoin’s TXC shitcoin has collapsed. [Continue reading…]

VBit Technologies Ponzi founder Danh Vo sued by SEC
Dec.21, 2025 in companies, regulation Leave a Comment

The SEC has filed a civil fraud lawsuit against the founder of VBit Limited and Advanced Mining Group.

The SEC’s lawsuit was filed on December 17th and names Danh C. Vo, aka Don Vo, as the primary defendant. Phuong D. Vo, My Tien Thi Nguyen and Diem T. Vo are named relief defendants. [Continue reading…]

DOJ challenges Rodney Burton’s “crime is legal” release filing
Dec.21, 2025 in HyperFund, regulation Leave a Comment

On December 1st HyperFund promoter Rodney Burton filed what was essentially a “crime is legal” push for release.

Pending trial, Burton has been in custody since his January 2024 arrest. The DOJ wants to keep him there, prompting an opposition filing on December 15th. [Continue reading…]

older entries »

	
	
Latest
Exfusion Review: Tag Markets investment fraud
Subhash Sharma’s MLM crypto Ponzi empire targeted in India
Maxizone Touch MLM scam arrests in India
Meta Whale criminal investigation in Vietnam, arrest warrants
Rodney Burton deemed a flight risk for a third time
iGenius pivots from trading to… selling lab diamonds?
EXW’s Manuel Batista arrested, detained in Dubai
Feedback
Oz: "I don’t think it’s really productive to keep coming on here with “I was..."
Johnny5: "Was told all gsp accounts would be transferred to the a new site next week that will..."
Oz: "I imagine it’s going to be a hard reboot given Levarti as an MLM company is..."
Oz: "Why the need for experimentation? Asea launched in 2009, there’s been plenty of time..."
Johnny McNellis: "Levarti has changed its name to ELYTE and brought on the “Big..."
Discover more
Court case tracking services
MLM legal advice
Website security tools
BitHarvest
Cybersecurity services
Fraud prevention software
Business ethics consulting
Collapse scheme recovery
MLM News
Subhash Sharma’s MLM crypto Ponzi empire targeted in India
Maxizone Touch MLM scam arrests in India
Meta Whale criminal investigation in Vietnam, arrest warrants
Rodney Burton deemed a flight risk for a third time
iGenius pivots from trading to… selling lab diamonds?
EXW’s Manuel Batista arrested, detained in Dubai
MLM Reviews
Exfusion Review: Tag Markets investment fraud
Asea Review v2: $52 a liter salt water in 2025?
Risen Live Review: iBuumerang resurrection scheme
It’s a Lifestyle Outlet Review: Tava reboot pyramid
Axiom Review: Trading ruse MLM crypto Ponzi
De Spend Review: DSG token staking node Ponzi
Discover more
Financial fraud detection
Network marketing business coaching
Ponzi scheme database
Ponzi scheme awareness
Investigative journalism tools
Direct selling software
White-collar crime documentaries
MLM company background checks
Most Wanted (7 days)
TexitCoin collapses, website disabled & socials abandoned
BG Wealth Sharing Review: Trading signals "click a button" Ponzi
Blockchain Sports launches JGGL, AI slop music app
DAO1 & Apertum fraud warning from Latvia
iGenius pivots from trading to... selling lab diamonds?
EXW's Manuel Batista arrested, detained in Dubai
Jeunesse co-founder alleges tens of millions in theft
Nvisionu collapses, David Imonitie sells out to iGenius
Discover more
SEC compliance consulting
Gifting scheme analysis
MLM review service
Legal consultation MLM
Network marketing guide
Direct selling software
Financial fraud detection
Ponzi scheme awareness resources
Anti-DDOS protection
Investment scam investigation

© 2009-2025 BehindMLM
Privacy Policy - DMCA Policy
All trademarks, logos and images are copyright of their respective owners and used under the provision of Fair Use.