The Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs | Harvard Kennedy School Skip to main content Explore the Latest U.S. China Relations Energy Artificial Intelligence Ukraine Science & Tech Middle East & North Africa The Latest Topics & Regions Research and insight to improve policy and governance at local, national, and global levels. View All Topics Artificial Intelligence Conflict & Conflict Resolution Economics & Global Affairs Energy Environment & Climate Change Global Health Governance International Relations International Security & Defense Nuclear Issues Science & Technology Regions Arctic Africa Asia & the Pacific Europe Middle East & North Africa North America Russia South America South Asia Experts Events About Programs Fellowships Students For Press Research & Analysis Careers International Security Language Research, ideas, and leadership for a more secure, peaceful world Programs Subscribe The Latest Topics & Regions Toggle sub-menu Research and insight to improve policy and governance at local, national, and global levels. View All Topics Artificial Intelligence Conflict & Conflict Resolution Economics & Global Affairs Energy Environment & Climate Change Global Health Governance International Relations International Security & Defense Nuclear Issues Science & Technology Regions Arctic Africa Asia & the Pacific Europe Middle East & North Africa North America Russia South America South Asia Experts Events More Press Release Belfer Center Senior Fellow Barham A. Salih Appointed United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Dec. 18, 2025 The Latest Policy Briefs What Lifting U.S. Sanctions Means for Syria’s Transition Dec. 23, 2025 From Middle East Initiative Article Harvard Project Director Leads Executive Education Program on Climate Policy Dec. 23, 2025 From Harvard Project on Climate Agreements Event Summary Harvard Methane Initiative Conducts Research Workshop in São Paulo, Brazil Dec. 23, 2025 From Harvard Project on Climate Agreements Belfer in the News Our experts contribute to the news with critical, timely insight and perspective In The News Are We Ready to Be Governed by Artificial Intelligence? Dec. 23, 2025 In The News How Trump’s First Year Reshaped U.S. Energy and Climate Policy Dec. 22, 2025 In The News Trump’s Fake Peace Deals Are Dangerous Dec. 22, 2025 In The News Trump's New Greenland Envoy: "We Have to Have It" Dec. 22, 2025 In The News Trump Taps Louisiana Governor as Greenland Envoy Dec. 22, 2025 In The News AI and Quantum Science Take Centre Stage Under Trump — But With Little New Proposed Funding Dec. 19, 2025 In The News The World Needs a Space COP Dec. 18, 2025 Photo Credit Toggle Belfer Center Press Release Belfer Center Senior Fellow Barham A. Salih Appointed United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Dec. 18, 2025 Photo Credit Toggle MSC Annual Report 2025 A Letter from Belfer Center Director Meghan O'Sullivan View More Upcoming Events See what's happening at Belfer Revolt of the Provinces: Central Bankers and Military Strategists during the Interwar Agrarian Crisis Seminar Harvard Faculty, Fellows, Staff, and Students In-Person Thu. Jan. 22, 2026 12:15pm - 01:45pm One Brattle Square, 350 Photo Credit Toggle Public Domain/José Clelmente Orozco The Untold Story of China’s Nuclear Weapon Development and Testing Seminar Open to the Public Online & In-Person Wed. Feb. 18, 2026 02:30pm - 04:00pm Littauer Building - Malkin Penthouse Photo Credit Toggle google Radioactive Governance: The Politics of Revitalization in Post-Fukushima Japan Seminar Harvard Faculty, Fellows, Staff, and Students Online & In-Person Mon. Mar. 2, 2026 10:00am - 11:30am Littauer Building - Fainsod Room, 324 Photo Credit Toggle google Photo Credit Toggle NATO 2025 Belfer Center Annual Report View More Photo Credit Toggle Adobe Stock/patpitchaya Interest Areas Our research spans a variety of key issues across the globe, at the nexus of science and international affairs War in Ukraine China's Economy Environment & Climate Change Energy Middle East & North Africa International Security & Defense Europe Photo Credit Toggle Face-Off: The U.S. vs China The award-winning podcast returns Tune In Every Tuesday-- Face-Off: the U.S. vs China As the U.S.-China relationship continues to take center stage in global affairs, season 3 of Face-Off: the U.S. vs China-- the award-winning podcast-- returns to unpack the latest developments in the economies, warfare, soft power, alliances, and more between the two global superpowers. Hosted by Jane Perlez, Belfer Center Fellow and former New York Times Beijing Bureau Chief, and Rana Mitter, Professor of Modern China History. Available wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes release every Tuesday. View More Middle East & North Africa Policy Briefs What Lifting U.S. Sanctions Means for Syria’s Transition Dec. 23, 2025 From Middle East Initiative Reports & Papers Risk, Leverage, Autonomy: Turkey’s Options in a U.S.–China World November 2025 Explainer The G20 Explained Nov. 19, 2025 Reports & Papers Capital as Statecraft Nov. 19, 2025 Artificial Intelligence Reports & Papers Code, Command, and Conflict: Charting the Future of Military AI Dec. 12, 2025 From Emerging Technology, Scientific Advancement, and Global Policy Article Navigating the Grid’s Perfect Storm: A Webinar with Andy Sun Dec. 11, 2025 Reports & Papers AI-Powered Diplomacy Dec. 5, 2025 Reports & Papers Navigating the Grid’s Perfect Storm: Building a Resilient and Reliable Power System November 2025 Energy Photo Credit Toggle Ariana Diaz Article Harvard Project Director Leads Executive Education Program on Climate Policy Dec. 23, 2025 From Harvard Project on Climate Agreements Article Electricity Market Design and Risk Trading with Flexible and Endogenous Demand Dec. 22, 2025 Article Navigating the Grid’s Perfect Storm: A Webinar with Andy Sun Dec. 11, 2025 Article Decarbonizing Residential Space Heating with Heat Pumps in the United States Dec. 10, 2025 Science & Technology Photo Credit Toggle Maria Lidiane Rodrigues Event Summary Harvard Methane Initiative Conducts Research Workshop in São Paulo, Brazil Dec. 23, 2025 From Harvard Project on Climate Agreements Article Navigating the Grid’s Perfect Storm: A Webinar with Andy Sun Dec. 11, 2025 Reports & Papers Navigating the Grid’s Perfect Storm: Building a Resilient and Reliable Power System November 2025 Article Integrating Science into Arctic Economic Development Oct. 29, 2025 Photo Credit Toggle Belfer Center International Security is America's leading peer-reviewed journal of security affairs The Rules-Based International Order: A Historical Analysis Is the “rules-based international order” worth maintaining? In the latest issue of International Security, Marc Trachtenberg argues that historical evidence does not support those who argue “yes.” The author presents viable alternatives to the liberal international order—alternatives based on certain traditional ideas about how foreign policy should be conducted. View More 79 John F. Kennedy Street, Cambridge, MA 02138 linkedin instagram youtube facebook soundcloud About Events For Press Fellowships Students Subscribe Careers Contact Us Stay Informed Bringing scholarship and insight to the world’s top issues. Copyright © 2025 The President and Fellows of Harvard College Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Policy Harvard Accessibility Policy Harvard Digital Accessibility Policy