bellingcat - the home of online investigations bellingcat - the home of online investigations Investigations Resources Ukraine Workshops EN Русский Français Español Deutsch Українська Donate Search for: Investigations Resources Ukraine Workshops Donate Conflict Geolocation Iran Investigating the Impact of US-Israeli Strikes on Iran’s Nuclear Programme AI Deepfakes Digital Hate and Harms Profiting From Exploitation: How We Found the Man Behind Two Deepfake Porn Sites Russia Satellite Imagery Saudi Arabia Russia’s Smuggled Grain Finds New Market in Saudi Arabia Conflict Russia Ukraine How Russia’s Invasion is Impacting Ukraine’s Youth Latest Investigations Cossacks, Russia, Ukraine From School to Battlefield to Grave : How Russian Cossacks drive young people to war Geolocation, JNIM, Mali Mali Under Siege: Tracking the Fuel Blockade Crippling Bamako Russia, Ukraine Building on Ruins : The Russification of Mariupol, One Apartment Block at a Time Geolocation, Sudan Geolocating Darfur Killings of Those Escaping Al Fashir Police, United States ‘Pattern of Extreme Brutality’: Tear Gas, Pepper Balls Among Weapons Deployed Against Protesters in Illinois Environment, Russia, Satellite Imagery Russia’s Grain Smuggling Fleet Continues Undeterred See all investigations Latest Guides Conflict, India, Manipur A Guide To Monitoring Conflict Amidst a Sea of Misinformation AI, Geolocation LLMs Vs. Geolocation: GPT-5 Performs Worse Than Other AI Models Auto Archiver, Tools The Open Source Tool That Has Preserved 150,000 Pieces of Online Evidence See all guides Connect With Our Community on Any Platform Discord YouTube Instagram Threads Bluesky Patreon WhatsApp LinkedIn Mastodon Facebook X Podcasts Telegram Twitch Discord YouTube Instagram Threads Bluesky Patreon LinkedIn Mastodon Facebook X Podcasts Telegram Twitch WhatsApp Stay updated with our various social media outputs . Watch See all YouTube Listen See all of our podcast offerings Open Source in Short A series of bite-sized investigations and quick insights into techniques used by Bellingcat's researchers. Far-Right, Geolocation Like Clockwork: An Orange Wall Exposes Yet Another Active Club ‘Fight Night’ India, Pakistan India-Pakistan Conflict: How a Deepfake Video Made it Mainstream Israel, Lebanon, Satellite Imagery Satellite Images Show Israeli Military Presence Near UN Base in Lebanon Georgia, Russia, Satellite Imagery Construction Accelerates at Planned Russian Navy Base in Disputed Abkhazia See all Open Source in Short Get Exclusive Access on Our Patreon Receive advanced access to the latest Bellingcat training announcements and listen to our Bellingchat Premium podcast, where our researchers discuss their latest investigations. Subscribe Participate in the Bellingcat Community Workshops No workshops scheduled at this time. See all workshops Join Our Discord Dive into real-time discussions with analysts, gain exclusive insights, and collaborate on investigative projects. Download Discord and join our server where Bellingcat researchers discuss our latest investigations and collaborate with our community. After downloading Discord on your device, you can join the Bellingcat server in the link below. Get Discord invite Get Discord invite Get the Bellingcat Toolkit Bellingcat has collected useful open source resources in one place to help researchers and journalists with their investigative efforts. Find the Bellingcat toolkit here. Get the toolkit Bellingcat has collected useful open source resources in one place to help researchers and journalists with their investigative efforts. Find the Bellingcat toolkit here. Get the toolkit Volunteer Opportunities Our Global Authentication Project is a vibrant volunteer community that explores, verifies, and sheds light on stories using open source data. At Bellingcat, we seek to democratise investigative work, fostering a collaborative environment for continuous learning and meaningful contributions. Join us in our mission to build a more transparent global community through collective efforts and shared expertise. Learn more about volunteer opportunities Our Global Authentication Project is a vibrant volunteer community that explores, verifies, and sheds light on stories using open source data. At Bellingcat, we seek to democratise investigative work, fostering a collaborative environment for continuous learning and meaningful contributions. Join us in our mission to build a more transparent global community through collective efforts and shared expertise. Learn more about volunteer opportunities The Essential Bellingcat Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter for first access to our published content and events that our staff and contributors are involved with, including interviews and training workshops. Recent Highlights & Achievements November 23, 2025 A cross-border partner collaboration Bellingcat was a part of, coordinated by Noticias Telemundo and the Latin American Center for Investigative Journalism, won the Global Shining Light Award at the GIJN conference. The project covered the dangerous journeys that migrants face across the Americas. Read our investigation into one suspicious TikTok account openly promoting people-smuggling services here . November 20, 2025 Our work as part of a consortium of newsrooms covering the plight of drone journalists in Gaza has won a silver Anthem Award . The award’s winners are selected by the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences in New York. This is the second award this piece of research has won, the Gaza project also won the IJ4EU Impact Award in September. Support Our Work Donate Directly: Your donation is a direct contribution to our research. With your support, we will continue to publish groundbreaking investigations and uncover wrongdoing around the world. Donate Become a Partner: As a partner, there are many ways to support our work as an organisation, foundation or company: With funds, in-kind donations, advice or your network. All of these are a direct contribution to the continuous growth and wide-spread impact of Bellingcat and our community. Learn more about ways to contribute Twitter Linkedin Facebook Instagram Mastodon Bluesky Threads Telegram YouTube Patreon Discord Twitch Donate Your donations directly contribute to our ability to publish groundbreaking investigations and uncover wrongdoing around the world. Donate Who We Are General Information Our Team Awards Newsletter Funding & Supporters Standards & Practices Principles for Data Collection Data Privacy Careers Contact Us