Benchmark Universe | Comprehensive Digital Learning Platform for Grades K-8 Are you trying to log in to Benchmark Universe? Your school has a unique login. Learn More A Comprehensive Digital Learning Platform Enhance literacy instruction and support student learning in Grades K-8. This innovative tool provides educators with a wealth of resources to streamline teaching and assessment, while also offering students interactive and engaging learning experiences. A Comprehensive Digital Learning Platform Enhance literacy instruction and support student learning in Grades K-8. This innovative tool provides educators with a wealth of resources to streamline teaching and assessment, while also offering students interactive and engaging learning experiences. Award-Winning Solutions Previous Next Benchmark Universe is designed to create a cohesive, integrated learning environment where both educators and students can thrive, making teaching and learning more efficient and effective. For Educators: Planning and Instruction Design and deliver lessons with full access to a rich library of digital texts and instructional materials. Assignments Engage students by personalizing instruction with interactive activities. Assessments Empowers teachers with instant, actionable data, that informs instruction and boosts student outcomes. Grading and Feedback (AI-powered tools) Complete and view grading, provide feedback, and monitor student progress efficiently. Progress Monitoring Analyze student performance to tailor instruction and support learning needs. Targeted Grouping Create and manage student groups based on various criteria for personalized instruction. For Students: Access to Digital Texts Explore a wide range of reading materials, including fiction and non-fiction, suited to their interests. Interactive Activities Engage with quizzes, games, and exercises that reinforce learning. Assessments Standards aligned assessments mirror high-stakes testing environments. Progress Insights Track student learning progress and performance- provide updates to families & caregivers. Feedback and Communication Receive constructive feedback from teachers and communicate directly through the platform. Experience Benchmark Universe! Request a Demo or a Free Trial Seamless Onboarding Experience Roster your educators and students using one of many trusted solutions. LTI Advantage Certified Compatible with ClassLink, Clever, and More Google Single Sign-On Google Classroom Integration Benchmark Educations all-in-one digital platform for literacy solutions, offering Comprehensive Core, Supplemental, English Learner, and Intervention Materials to empower every student’s success. Benchmark Universe Users This is not the login page for Benchmark Universe. If you are looking to sign into your school’s digital resources on Benchmark Universe, please use your school’s current login method, which is likely through your existing LMS or Single Sign-On provider. If you have questions about how to log in, please contact your school’s Technical Administrator for more information. For additional assistance on signing in to Benchmark Universe, visit this help article. COPYRIGHT ® BENCHMARK EDUCATION COMPANY PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE