Community & Workforce Corporate Purpose Software | Benevity Products Donate Make giving easy, seamless, and more convenient for your team. Grants Management Maximize your community impact through strategic grantmaking. Challenges Engage your workforce with fun experiences that inspire action. Enterprise Impact Platform Purpose, impact and change at a global scale. Volunteer Empower employees to make a difference through volunteering. Employee Groups Foster a rich culture of belonging and inclusion with our ERG tools. Services & Add-Ons Expand your impact with expert services and support. View all Solutions Employee Mobilization Scale employee-led action across your company. Employee Engagement Empower people to give, volunteer and connect with purpose. CSR Risk Management Reduce risk with smart controls and global compliance. Donor Advised Fund Support global giving with tax-effective disbursement. Nonprofit Due Diligence Give confidently with continuous nonprofit vetting. About Us About Benevity Meet the people powering purpose at work. Leadership Meet the leaders behind Benevity. Careers Join a mission-driven team shaping the future of impact. Newsroom See the latest news and stories. Contact Connect with us to amplify your social impact. Events Join us where purpose meets people. Benevity Impact Labs The State of Corporate Purpose 2025 Read now Resources Webinars Unlock insights you can act on. Podcast Stories and ideas that inspire impact. Research Get inspired by insights from industry experts. CSR Blog Guidance and big ideas for leaders driving change. CSR Leadership Hub Access resources to build and grow your program. CSR Program Toolkits Access practical guides, toolkits and templates. Client Stories Discover how our clients are making a difference. View all EN Language EN DE GB FR For nonprofits Get a tour We are your purpose at work Bring all your company's impact programs together in the first Enterprise Impact Platform — so you can drive more good, simplify risk and compliance, and show the total difference you're making. All with one trusted partner. Get a tour Driving impact together OUR PLATFORM The all-in-one solution for total impact While others offer piecemeal solutions, we’re able to support an enterprise-wide impact strategy — all through one comprehensive, seamless software. Volunteer Challenges Employee Groups Donate Grants Management Volunteering Retain top talent by connecting your employees more deeply with their communities, colleagues and themselves. Foster connections Arrow Right Challenges Inspire positive behavior and nurture a culture of good with our gamified approach, leading to social, personal and business impact. Play for change Arrow Right Employee Groups Create a vibrant community that fosters belonging, where your workforce can discover, join, create, manage and participate in employee-led groups. Build a community Arrow Right Donate Make it easy for your team to donate to nonprofits they care about through a modern and global giving experience. Donate now Arrow Right Grants Management Streamline your grantmaking, sponsorships and in-kind donations, so you can create more impact confidently. Fund nonprofits seamlessly Arrow Right Making a difference for companies and communities worldwide $18.5B Donated by Benevity clients worldwide 92% Clients say Benevity has had a positive impact on business efficiency 99M In volunteer hours 75% Clients say that having Benevity helps them build a stronger, more connected culture FEATURES Powering your purpose We believe in a future where businesses can thrive while driving real change. Our software helps you achieve just that. Learn more about the Benevity Advantage Maximize your impact Unify your grantmaking, volunteering, giving and ERGs in one powerful, global platform that can scale with you at any time. Minimize your risk Focus on managing your impact, not your reputation. Trust in a secure platform that puts risk management and data protection at the core of giving. Demonstrate real impact Show your stakeholders the difference you're making. With in-depth, real-time reporting, plus access to all-new outcomes-focused data, you can tell a better, more holistic impact story. All with a partner that's trusted by nearly 1,000 of the world's most impactful companies — with a 98% client retention rate. Commit to meaningful change today Let's explore how we can help you achieve your company's purpose-driven goals and build a culture of impact, together. Request a demo Calgary, Canada | Barcelona, Spain | Geneva, Switzerland | Toronto, Canada Have other questions? 1.855.237.7875 Contact us Products Donate Grants Management Challenges Volunteer Employee Groups Services & add-ons About Benevity Benevity Advantage About us Join the team Contact us Partnerships Trust and security Benevity's Annual Impact Report Resources Research Resources Client stories Media & news Benevity Live Community © 2025 Benevity. All rights reserved. Privacy Notice Legal Cookie Policy System Status