Skip To Main Content
Enable Accessibility For Low Vision
Open The Accessibility Menu
Skip to content
Login
Lang
Software
Industries
Digital Twins
Support
Services
Company
Shop
Year in Infrastructure 2025
Watch the full event replay to explore how digital innovation is transforming project delivery and asset performance across infrastructure sectors.
Watch on demand
Why Bentley
What we offer
User stories
News and views
WHY BENTLEY
Product value
We make infrastructure professionals more productive
Product value
Do more

Increase productivity, improve performance, and overcome resource and skills shortages to deliver better results.

Understand the full context

Make better-informed decisions by understanding assets in their full context, above and below ground, at any scale.

Build infrastructure better
Improve design, construction, and operations workflows for more sustainable and resilient infrastructure.
Technology innovation
We help users leverage data across the infrastructure lifecycle 
Technology innovation
Unlock the value of data

Better manage and use data, no matter where or how it was created, with our open digital twin software.

Boost productivity with AI
Increase productivity and improve outcomes across your organization with our AI-powered engineering applications. 
Experience 3D geospatial
Improve the way you search for, query, visualize, and analyze your assets with our 3D geospatial capabilities. 
Industry leadership

We are the partner of choice for digital delivery and asset analytics

Industry leadership
Don't get locked-in

Benefit from open standards, open-source technologies, and open APIs, so data can flow seamlessly across your ecosystem.

Your data is your data, always
Rest assured that we won’t use your data to train AI without your consent.
There's no conflict between cost and carbon
Improve project delivery and asset performance while also reducing carbon and mitigating climate impacts.
View all industries
Transportation

Accelerate project delivery and improve asset performance with software that is open, data-driven, and purpose-built for transportation infrastructure.

Learn more
Water

Confidently plan, design, build, and operate more sustainable and resilient water systems that are prepared for climate adaptation.

Learn more
Energy

Enable the transition to a low-carbon future by unlocking powerful collaboration in energy production and electric utilities.

Learn more
Cities
Connect the physical and virtual worlds to better plan, design, build and operate urban infrastructure projects with AI-powered digital twins.
Learn more
Mining

Unearth data-driven insights across the mining value chain to maximize mining effectiveness.

Learn more
SPL Powerlines UK enhances multidiscipline digital workflows

Bentley applications helped improve collaboration and enhance data quality on a sprawling project

Read case study

ProConcrete handles parametric standard rebar requirements quite well and can automate this process considerably…By enabling Bentley 3D modeling, all participants benefited from increased information quality.

— Kevin Rikley, Project Delivery Technologies, Hatch Ltd.

Guangdong airport authority delivers the largest reconstruction and expansion project in China’s civil aviation airport construction
Using iTwin® and SYNCHRO™ saved CNY 78 million and shortened construction by 33 Days
Read case study

The iTwin Platform provided a connected data environment to visualize, track, maintain, share, and analyze design information with all project stakeholders to reduce rework and add value.

— Kevin Rikley, Project Delivery Technologies, Hatch Ltd.

Qk4 revolutionizes bridge survey program

OpenRoads and ProjectWise Enable 90% Reduction in Bridge Survey Time, Accelerating Critical  Infrastructure Repairs Across Kentucky

Read case study
PT Hutama Karya builds smarter, sustainable substations in Jakarta

Bentley software advanced subsurface analysis and construction of  two new stations, reducing traffic congestion and improving air quality

Read case study
View all User Stories

NEWS AND VIEWS

Discover Bentley news, insights, and more

Stay informed with the latest news, insights, and events from Bentley and the infrastructure community.

View all News
Talk to us
Explore
Software
Licensing & Subscriptions
My Account
Shop Software
Resources
Stories & News
News
Blog
Yearbook
Digital Currency Newsletters
Support
Support Hub
Training
Services
Communities
Legal

Legal Overview
Trust Center

Build With Us

Students & Educators
Developers
Product Research

Businesses & Partners
Channel & Training Partners
Cesium
Cohesive
Seequent
Company

About
Careers
Contact Us
Events
Impact
Investors
Sustainability
Year in Infrastructure
Bentley iTwin Ventures Fund

Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Cookies

Facebook
 
Linkedin
 
A Large, Stylized White "X" On A Light Gray Background Fills The Image.
 
Youtube
 
Instagram
© 2025 Bentley Systems, Incorporated
BESbswy
bentley-home-slider1-yii-final1-1:Slide 0 of 4