Skip to main content

We use cookies that are necessary to make our site work. We may also use additional cookies to analyze, improve, and personalize our content and your digital experience. You can manage your cookie preferences using the “Cookie Settings” link. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.

Accept Additional Cookies
Cookie settings

We'd appreciate your feedback.Tell us what you think!

Academic & Government
Health
Industry
Insights
About
Support
Publish with us
Open Search
Location Selector
Digital Commons
Institutional Repository
Journals
Exhibits
Data
Home
Products

Digital Commons

Showcase your institution’s research and scholarly work with Digital Commons

Publish, showcase, save, share and promote your institution's research, scholarship and collections with Digital Commons.

Contact us
Boost the visibility of your institution’s scholarly output

Watch now

|

Play
Openly host, manage and promote the full spectrum of your institution’s research & scholarship

Digital Commons' Institutional Repository allows you to showcase your institution’s full range of scholarly outputs and track engagement. This user-friendly open-access platform features seamless integration with all Digital Commons’ modules, along with unlimited secure storage for all file types. Additional benefits include top-notch SEO, automatic updates, and a reliable cloud platform with over 99.9% uptime.

Explore the IR Module

Watch now

|

Play
Publish and share high-quality open access journals with minimal effort or platform expertise

Digital Commons Journals enables your institution to establish a premier diamond open access journal publishing program. With excellent visibility and Google Scholar indexation, along with dedicated technical support, this module reduces administrative burdens for editorial teams and speeds up publication times for authors, all while ensuring secure and stable hosting with automatic updates and customization options.

Explore the Journals Module

Watch now

|

Play
Develop and deliver virtual collections that highlight key moments of institutional scholarship

Digital Commons Exhibits allows you to create virtual collections that showcase your institution’s digital content. Its user-friendly and customizable interface facilitates easy management of digital exhibits, while the professional designs help tell compelling stories. As the only exhibit solution integrated with an institutional repository, it streamlines workflows and saves administrators substantial time and effort. 

Explore the Exhibits Module

Discover how the Exhibits and IR modules work together

Watch now

|

Play
Optimize the preservation and management of your institution's research data

Digital Commons Data offers a platform for efficient storage, management, publication and preservation of research data. It ensures your data is secure and accessible for collaboration and discovery. With user-friendly tools and seamless integration, the platform streamlines your research workflow, making it easier to showcase your findings and the impact of your work.

Explore the Data Module

Gain strategic insight into your institution's success

Digital Commons Dashboard provide editors, authors, and administrators with analytics tools to measure the global impact of their work. They reveal which organizations and regions engage with your content and how they discover it, helping identify research trends, potential funders, and collaboration opportunities. The detailed metrics and insights offered by the dashboard are valuable for understanding impact and informing data-driven strategies. 

Don’t miss the chance to deepen your understanding of the latest trends and best practices in digital scholarship. 

Watch the Digital Commons International Conference 2024

Seamless support for your repository management with our Consulting Services team

Eliminate concerns over storage, hosting, and upgrades with our comprehensive support. Our team provides personalized training, tailored site configuration, and prompt support, typically responding within one business day. Our team is like an extra member of your staff, ready to assist you every step of the way. Contact us to learn more about our training courses and IR Manager Certification Courses. 

Although we are small, we are passionate about participating nationally and internationally – Digital Commons gives us that connectivity and has become a much-loved platform in the college.

Marie O’Neill

Head of Enhancement, CCT College Dublin, Ireland

Ready to increase your institution’s impact? Contact our sales team today to learn more about how the Digital Commons can benefit your institution.
Contact us
Footer navigation
Useful links
Submit your paper
Shop Books & Journals
Open access
View all products
Elsevier Connect
About
About Elsevier
Careers
Global Press Office
Advertising, reprints & supplements
Modern slavery act statement
Support
Customer support
Resource center

Global | English

Copyright © 2025 Elsevier, its licensors, and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.

Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Cookie settings