Skip to content
Skip to main menu
Students
Faculty & Staff
Parents
Alumni
Give
Map
Directory
bConnected
News
Search this site
About 
Admissions 
Academics 
Research 
Campus Life 
NO AUDIO
Pause Video
Our research improves lives

UC Berkeley researchers work every day to make discoveries that change the world. Whether advancing cures for Alzheimer’s, trailblazing the future of AI, or mapping the edges of the universe, our breakthroughs propel humanity forward. Here’s how.

Research with results

The world’s most complex problems find groundbreaking solutions here at UC Berkeley.

Our impacts 

Global expertise

From energy and climate change to healthcare and AI, learn more about our experts’ work.

Our programs 

157 years of excellence

12 Nobel laureates on faculty. The #1 public research university. Here’s where we stand.

Our rankings 

2025 Nobel Prize winners

John Clarke, UC Berkeley emeritus professor, shares the 2025 Nobel Prize in Physics. UC Berkeley’s Omar Yaghi shares the 2025 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Read more about Clarke's win
Read more about Yaghi's win

The #1 public research university in the U.S.

According to U.S. News & World Report, Times Higher Education, the Wall Street Journal, Forbes and more.

50 top 10 graduate programs

According to U.S. News & World Report.

Hundreds of groundbreaking inventions

Created from UC Berkeley research and patents, including malaria and cancer treatments, robotic legs, gene editing, search engines and more.

Creating more venture-backed startups than any other university in the world.

Learn more

Latest News

Nobel wins, psychedelic lilies and a mission to Mars: UC Berkeley’s top stories of 2025

For 20 years, this UC Berkeley program has helped students who’ve been in foster care succeed

What’s powering these mysterious, bright blue cosmic flashes? Astronomers find a clue.

The housing crisis, explained in 101 seconds

UC Berkeley joins two new initiatives to accelerate responsible AI in California

Gifts for every reader: New books by UC Berkeley authors

Academics

UC Berkeley boasts over 300 degree programs across our 15 schools and colleges. With cutting-edge research and scholarship led by some of the world’s greatest minds, the possibilities for our students are endless.

Undergraduate programs

Over 115 undergraduate degree programs offer a vast array of academic paths to explore.

Graduate programs

Our masters, professional and doctoral programs are consistently ranked among the best in the world.

Admissions and financial aid

Ready to start your journey? Discover how you can join the Golden Bear family below.

Undergraduate admissions

Learn more about undergraduate admissions, including deadlines, student profiles, academics, and what it means to Be Berkeley.

Graduate admissions

Explore graduate programs, research opportunities, career support, and ways to fund your education through our Graduate Division.

Financial aid

Our Financial Aid and Scholarships Office offers step-by-step guidance through the application process — find grants, explore scholarships, and estimate your aid.

Student life

Life at Berkeley blends discovery with contemplation, the scientific with the artistic and the scholarly with the athletic. Our students hail from different cultures and backgrounds, but together they create a vibrant community committed to building a better world.

Find your place

With multiple housing options and dining that’s delicious and sustainable, there are many ways to feel at home at UC Berkeley.

Housing & Dining 

Join the lair

Catch a game and cheer on the Golden Bears, with 30 sports, 105 national titles and endless pride in every game.

Cal Athletics 

Get involved

Whether you’re catching a show, attending a lecture or wandering the redwoods, there’s always something happening at UC Berkeley.

Events Calendar 

Take a tour

Plan your visit

Facebook
X
YouTube
Instagram
Medium
Visit
Jobs
News
Events
Give
Libraries
Cal Athletics
Equity, Inclusion & Diversity
Accreditation
Berkeley Inspire
HEERF Report
Nondiscrimination
Websites A-Z
Directory
Map
Contact Us
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Media inquiries

Copyright © 2025 UC Regents; all rights reserved