Berklee Skip to main content berklee.edu Campuses and Schools Campuses and Schools Berklee College of Music Boston Conservatory at Berklee Berklee Valencia Berklee NYC Berklee Online Summer Programs Apply Give Campus Tools Campus Websites Valencia, Spain Berklee Online Boston Conservatory Campus Tools MyBerklee Berklee Canvas The Library Hub/Berklee Connect Berklee Career Manager Workday Email Drive Calendar Log In Berklee Search Menu Search Site Nav Menu (www) Academics Academics Explore Berklee's undergraduate and graduate degree programs; summer and international college and pre-college programs; and online degrees, certificates, and individual online courses. Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-degree Programs Academic Calendar Find Your Program Explore all of Berklee's academic offerings to find the program that's right for you. Admissions Berklee College of Music Admissions Learn about the admissions process for Berklee College of Music degree programs in Boston, New York City, and Valencia. Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Boston Conservatory at Berklee Admissions Learn about the admissions process for Boston Conservatory at Berklee. Berklee Online Admissions Learn about the admissions process for Berklee Online's undergraduate or graduate degree programs. Online Undergraduate Degree Admissions Online Graduate Degree Admissions Financial Aid Student Financial Services Berklee's Office of Student Financial Services will help you find an affordable path to your Berklee education. Scholarships Financial Aid Cost-Saving Paths to Berklee About About Berklee is dynamic, innovative, creative, global, and bold—a place that embraces improvisation and innovation. Learn more about Berklee's history, leadership and outreach activities.. Leadership Mission and Vision Values Statement Diversity Values Statement Facts and Statistics History Awards and Achievements Contact Us Events News Alumni Giving Resources Student Services and Support Careers in the Performing Arts Find Your Program Departments (A-Z) Student/Alumni Directory Boston Campus Map Campuses and Schools Berklee.edu Each learning environment at Berklee has its own web presence under 
              the main, all-encompassing www.berklee.edu. Campus Tools Campus Tools Third-party tools used by members of the Berklee community (login required). Back Achieve your creative and career potential at the preeminent institution for the study of music, dance, and theater. Find the right program for you: Berklee College of Music Boston Conservatory at Berklee Berklee Online Berklee Valencia, Spain Berklee NYC Summer Programs Unmute Pause What do you want to study? I am looking for... Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Degree Programs Certificate Programs Continuing Education Courses and Programs Programs in Valencia, Spain Summer or Precollege Programs I am passionate about… Arranging Composition Conducting Dance Electronic Music Engineering Entrepreneurship Liberal Arts Live Experience Design Music Business Music Education Music History Music Technology Music Theory, Ear Training, Harmony Music Therapy Performance Production Scoring (Film, TV, Games) Singing Songwriting Sound Design Theater I play... Bass Brass Electronic Digital Instruments Guitar Percussion Piano Strings Woodwinds Where will your creative journey begin? Explore the College Apply Request Information Berklee College of Music At the world’s preeminent college for the study of music, students can experience all aspects of the music industry through an interdisciplinary curriculum. Shortcuts Financial aid and scholarships Auditions Explore the College Apply Request Information Explore the Conservatory Apply Request Information Boston Conservatory at Berklee Our leading contemporary conservatory for dance, music, and theater offers undergraduate and graduate programs that combine focused, individualized training with an innovative curriculum that empowers students to create the future they imagine. Shortcuts Dance Music Theater Explore the Conservatory Apply Request Information Explore Online Offerings Apply Berklee Online Apply now to our bachelor's or master's degree programs and receive your admissions decision within one week — no application fee required! Shortcuts Degrees Certificates Courses Explore Online Offerings Apply Explore Berklee Valencia Apply Berklee Valencia Berklee's international campus in Valencia, Spain, offers master's degrees, study abroad opportunities, and summer programs, with an emphasis on global learning. Shortcuts Graduate degrees Study abroad Summer programs Explore Berklee Valencia Apply Explore Berklee NYC Apply Request Information Berklee NYC Berklee's campus in New York City offers a one-year master’s degree program with three distinct specializations alongside world-class musical programming. Shortcuts Graduate degree Explore Berklee NYC Apply Request Information Explore Summer Programs Enroll Summer Programs Berklee offers programs in music, theater, dance, production, songwriting, opera, music business, and more for students in middle school, high school, college, and beyond. Explore Summer Programs Enroll A BERKLEE EDUCATION Around the World Berklee City Music Berklee’s nonprofit education outreach program provides contemporary music training for students in underserved communities across North America. Berklee Global Our network of partners around the world provide access to a range of Berklee opportunities, from events and workshops to transfer credits. Berklee Abu Dhabi Center Berklee's first outpost in the Middle East offers world-class educational experiences through workshops, master classes, courses, ensembles, and labs. A Premier Education. A Community That Cares. Learn Berklee offers degree programs at our campuses in Boston, New York City, and Valencia, Spain, and through Berklee Online, all taught by our expert faculty, as well as music education programs at locations around the world. Find your program Explore Berklee institutes Create We believe in the power of arts education to express our shared humanity, connect across differences, and create positive change in the world. Upcoming performances Alumni stories Thrive Berklee is committed to student success, affordability, and career preparation. Student services and support Financial aid and scholarships Career options The Latest at Berklee November 7, 2025 Berklee's 2026 Alumni Grammy Nominees: See the Full List From R&B and Americana to gospel, jazz, and game scoring, Berklee talent was recognized across a range of categories for their work as writers, producers, performers, and engineers. November 25, 2025 Berklee's Inaugural Nat King Cole and Natalie Cole Scholarship Awarded to Paris Pineyro November 25, 2025 Berklee Named to the Hollywood Reporter 's Top Music Schools List November 21, 2025 The Best Movie Musicals on Every Streaming Platform More News Berklee is committed to providing fair and equitable consideration of all individuals without regard to race, color, religion, ancestry, age, national origin, place of birth, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, genetic information, or status as a member of the armed forces or veteran of the armed forces, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. Diversity is a source of strength for the institution. Equal employment opportunity (EEO) achieves and sustains our commitment to diversity. BERKLEE NOW The latest sounds, stories, ideas, and events. Sign up to get e-mails from Berklee Now Social Media Links (WWW) Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Spotify Footer Menu (WWW) Libraries Berklee Press Hire Berklee Talent Jobs at Berklee Contact Us Boston Campus Map Global Policy Footer Menu Policies Accreditation Notices and Disclosures Accessibility Privacy Preferences Copyright © 2025 Berklee College of Music