Home | Berlinale Jump to the content Funded by Press Area Film Entry Accreditation Archive Contact DE Login Festival Profile Accessibility Sustainability Sections Biographies Awards & Juries Partners News & Topics News Berlinale Notes Berlinale Topics Programme Programme Ticket Info Photos & Videos Photo Boulevard Star Portraits Berlinale Live Videos Berlinale Trailer Service Berlinale Shop Map Advertising European Film Market Berlinale Co-Production Market Berlinale Talents World Cinema Fund Home First Films Announced for the 76th Berlinale Programme Sections Panorama , Generation , and Retrospective reveal their first titles. Funded by Principal Partners Apply for Accreditation Apply for Press Accreditation News The 2026 Berlinale Key Design Colourful, festive, and playful, the bear returns to the centre of the poster and media campaign. As of now, the posters are available for purchase in the Berlinale Online Shop. Quelle: Friedrich-Wilhelm-Murnau-Stiftung Quelle: Friedrich-Wilhelm-Murnau-Stiftung Berlinale Classics World Premiere of the 4K Digital Restoration of Geheimnisse einer Seele ( Secrets of a Soul ) with Innovative Interactive Musical Accompaniment Featuring a score by South Korean composer Yongbom Lee, produced by 2eleven music, and performed by the Broken Frames Syndicate ensemble. The acoustic music is augmented by electronic sound and light – generated by the brain activity of the violist. © Gerhard Kassner / Berlinale © Gerhard Kassner / Berlinale Wim Wenders to Serve as President of the 2026 International Jury Michelle Yeoh © Chen Man Michelle Yeoh © Chen Man Awards Honorary Golden Bear for Michelle Yeoh The award will be presented to the actress at the Opening Ceremony at the Berlinale Palast on February 12, 2026. © Ada Favaron and Imad Gebrael © Ada Favaron and Imad Gebrael News Berlinale Talents 2026 Under the theme “Creating (and) Confusion — Cinema, Chaos and the Power of Discomfort,” the Berlinale’s talent development programme will bring together 200 emerging filmmakers and film professionals from around the world from February 13 to 18, 2026. In addition, Berlinale Talents has found a new home at Radialsystem. © Lia Darjes / EFM © Lia Darjes / EFM News Berlinale European Film Market 2026 With an expanded programme, new strategic partnerships, and a continued focus on innovation and cross-sector collaboration the EFM launches its new edition. Accreditation Offer for Young Visitors With the Generation Badge – 14plus, the Berlinale is offering a festival pass specifically for younger viewers who, rather than just attending a screening, want to immerse themselves more deeply in the festival experience. Anyone who is interested and at least 14 years old when applying and not older than 25 at the time of the festival is eligible. Funded by logo_bkm Principal Partners Co-Partners Contact Anti-Discrimination Legal Notice Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Cookie Information Newsletter B2B Jobs Social Media Code of Conduct Dates