Best Lawyers | Top-Rated Attorneys Near Me | Purely Peer Reviewed® Lawyer Rankings This website requires JavaScript in order to bring you the best user experience possible. Please enable the use of scripts in your browser and reload the page. For Clients For Lawyers For Marketers Member Access Find a Lawyer Legal Guides NEW! Family Law Criminal Law Corporate Law & Commercial Litigation Injury & Malpractice Employment Law Insights View All Insights Trending Articles Insights for Clients Publications View All Publications Business Editions Litigation 2025 Women in the Law 2025 Regional Editions NEW! Canada 2026 NEW! New York Area 2026 Southern California 2026 South Florida 2026 Northern California 2026 Nominate a Lawyer Highlighted Firms & Lawyers In the News Grow Leads for Your Firm Ones to Watch Insights View All Insights Trending Articles Insights for Lawyers Build Your Law Firm Brand Nominate a Lawyer Publicizing Guidelines Store Insights View All Insights Trending Articles Insights for Marketers Best Lawyers ® - Purely Peer Review ™ The Best Legal Talent in the World, Case Closed. Find a Lawyer Search for Lawyer or Firm by Name or Legal Issue. Country State/Province City Area of Practice Search Browse All Lawyers Family Law Legal Guide Click here to learn more. Family Law Legal Guide Introducing Premier Placement Be Found First. Get Chosen First Learn More about Premier Placement on Best Lawyers Canada's Best Lawyers 2026 The Best Lawyers Digital Marketing Platform Master your marketing and supercharge your SEO Grow Leads for Your Firm Southern California's Best Lawyers 2026 Best Lawyers Introduces Smithy AI 3% of lawyers awarded globally 13m+ Evaluations of Lawyers by Their Peers 151 Practice Areas 76 Countries Around the World Who Deserves to Be Recognized Next? Join thousands of lawyers contributing to the industry’s most trusted peer-review process. Nominate exceptional talent today. Submit a Nomination "Lawyer of the Year" Honorees {{Geolocation}} View More Honorees • • • Jeffrey A. Baskies Katz Baskies & Wolf PLLC Recognized since 2008 Boca Raton, FL Practice Areas Litigation - Trusts and Estates Trusts and Estates Specific Focus Asset Protection Jeffrey A. Baskies Jeffrey A. Baskies is a graduate of Trinity College (B.A., with highest honors, 1988) and Harvard Law School (J.D., cum laude, 1991). He is admitted to practice in Florida and Massachusetts. A seasoned trusts and estates lawyer, Jeff routinely advises wealthy families, entrepreneurs, athletes, celebrities and other clients regarding wealth transfer planning and asset protection planning. As part of his diverse practice, Jeff counsels clients on charitable planning (including the creation of p... Jeffrey A. Baskies Website Address Phone Number Previous Next • • • Steven C. Russo Greenberg Traurig Recognized since 2015 New York, NY Practice Areas Environmental Law Litigation - Environmental Steven C. Russo Steven C. Russo is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Environmental Law and Litigation - Environmental. Steven C., who practices law in New York, New York, has been recognized since 2015. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Steven C. is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. Steven C. Russo Website Address Previous Next • • • KR Kathryn J. Russo Jackson Lewis PC Recognized since 2018 Melville, NY Practice Areas Employment Law - Management Litigation - Labor and Employment Specific Focus COVID-19 KR Kathryn J. Russo Kathryn J. Russo is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Employment Law - Management and Litigation - Labor and Employment. Kathryn J., who practices law in Melville, New York, has been recognized since 2018. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Kathryn J. is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. KR Kathryn J. Russo Website Address Previous Next • • • Kelly Mulloy Myers Freking Myers & Reul LLC Recognized since 2009 Cincinnati, OH Practice Areas Employment Law - Individuals Litigation - Labor and Employment Specific Focus Civil Rights Kelly Mulloy Myers Kelly Mulloy Myers is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Employment Law - Individuals and Litigation - Labor and Employment. Kelly Mulloy, who practices law in Cincinnati, Ohio, has been recognized since 2009. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Kelly Mulloy is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. Kelly Mulloy Myers Website Address Phone Number Previous Next • • • Douglas B. O'Neal Merline & Meacham PA Recognized since 2018 Greenville, SC Practice Areas Business Organizations (including LLCs and Partnerships) Closely Held Companies and Family Businesses Law Corporate Law Douglas B. O'Neal Mr. O ‘Neal is a shareholder in the firm. Mr. O’Neal has been with the firm since 2008. He is a certified specialist in the fields of both Taxation Law, and Estate Planning and Probate by The Supreme Court of South Carolina. He is listed in the book The Best Lawyers in America in the fields of Closely Held Companies and Family Businesses Law and Trusts and Estates Law. He received his Bachelor of Arts Degree from the Furman University, his Juris Doctor Degree from the University o... Douglas B. O'Neal Email Address Phone Number Previous Next • • • Neil V. Carbone Farrell Fritz PC Recognized since 2020 New York, NY Practice Areas Litigation - Trusts and Estates Trusts and Estates Neil V. Carbone Neil V. Carbone is a trusts and estates lawyer handling all aspects of that practice: planning, administration, and litigation. Neil provides sophisticated advice to individuals and families, entrepreneurs, closely-held businesses, trust companies, banks, fiduciaries, beneficiaries, and foundations and other institutions. He regularly appears before the Surrogate’s Courts and other courts throughout New York, as well as the United States Tax Court. Neil is a trusted professional who pri... Neil V. Carbone Website Email Address Phone Number Previous Next • • • Dalva L. Moellenberg Gallagher & Kennedy PA Recognized since 2001 Santa Fe, NM Practice Areas Environmental Law Litigation - Environmental Natural Resources Law Specific Focus Administrative/Regulatory Dalva L. Moellenberg Dalva "Dal" L. Moellenberg practices environmental and natural resources law concentrating on water quality and water rights, Superfund, hazardous waste, mining law and mined land reclamation, toxic substances matters, including compliance counseling, permitting, legislation, rulemaking and litigation. Mr. Moellenberg's recent experience includes: Representing business groups and chairing a subcommittee that drafted Arizona legislation (S.B. 1452, 1997) that amended the state Water Quality As... Dalva L. Moellenberg Website Email Address Phone Number Previous Next • • • Randy P. Roussel Phelps Dunbar LLP Recognized since 2009 Baton Rouge, LA Practice Areas Banking and Finance Law Real Estate Law Randy P. Roussel Randy Roussel practices in the area of business and finance. His general business practice is concentrated in the areas of real estate, banking, and commercial transactions. Mr. Roussel has represented Wampold Companies, Waffle House, Whitney National Bank, Carmouche Construction, and a variety of multifamily and commercial developers. Mr. Roussel’s practice emphasizes mixed-use real estate development. He works on HUD 221(d)(4) and other multi-family financing programs. Prior to joinin... Randy P. Roussel Website Address Previous Next • • • Carolyn Wheeler Katz Banks Kumin LLP Recognized since 2020 Washington, DC Practice Areas Civil Rights Law Employment Law - Individuals Litigation - Labor and Employment Carolyn Wheeler After a long and distinguished career in the federal government with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Ms. Wheeler joined Katz Banks Kumin in August 2015. As an appellate lawyer with the EEOC, Ms. Wheeler was in the forefront of developing cutting edge legal arguments and theories to prove discrimination and harassment under Title VII, The Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Equal Pay Act. Ms. Wheeler was an Assistant General Counsel i... Carolyn Wheeler Website Email Address Previous Next • • • Matthew F. Kadish Frantz Ward LLP Recognized since 2009 Cleveland, OH Practice Areas Litigation and Controversy - Tax Tax Law Trusts and Estates Specific Focus Closely Held Companies and Family Businesses Law Matthew F. Kadish Matt's practice covers a wide range of tax-related areas, including estate planning and business succession, foreign bank account reporting (FBAR) and related issues, entity taxation, exempt organizations, and representation of clients before the Internal Revenue Service and U.S. Tax Court. Matt formerly served as an attorney-advisor to Judge Herbert L. Chabot of the U.S. Tax Court, and, in addition to Cleveland, has practiced in Honolulu, Hawaii, and Washington D.C. Matt has spoken nationall... Matthew F. Kadish Website Email Address Previous Next How to Choose a Good Lawyer: Tips, Traits and Questions to Ask A Practical Guide for First-Time Hiring a Lawyer Read now Lawyers {{Geolocation}} View More Lawyers Best Lawyers Ones to Watch • • • SA Sara Amies Helsell Fetterman LLP Recognized since 2026 Seattle, WA Practice Areas Litigation - Labor and Employment SA Sara Amies Sara Amies is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Litigation - Labor and Employment. Sara, who practices law in Seattle, Washington, has been recognized since 2026. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Sara is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. SA Sara Amies Website Address Previous Next • • • AF Alexia M. Fishman Cozen O'Connor Recognized since 2026 Philadelphia, PA Practice Areas Trusts and Estates AF Alexia M. Fishman Alexia M. Fishman is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Trusts and Estates. Alexia M., who practices law in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has been recognized since 2026. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Alexia M. is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. AF Alexia M. Fishman Website Address Previous Next • • • David D. Garner Osborn Maledon PA Recognized since 2021 Phoenix, AZ Practice Areas Education Law David D. Garner Dave Garner is a respected thought-leader, whose experience and influence in education law reaches from the classroom, to the boardroom, to the courtroom and beyond. For over 20 years, Dave has developed ongoing, long-term relationships with traditional public schools, charter schools, private schools, as well as private and public post-secondary educational institutions of all stripes. Dave’s expertise is frequently sought in an outside general counsel role for compliance training, pol... David D. Garner Website Address Previous Next • • • Luis A. Santos FordHarrison Recognized since 2021 Tampa, FL Practice Areas Employment Law - Management Litigation - Labor and Employment Luis A. Santos Luis Santos has a unique understanding of the administrative and legal challenges faced by clients in industries like hospitality, retail, restaurant, and grocery. His previous experience as a hospitality and grocery employee gives him a particularly unique insider’s perspective. Prior to attending law school, Luis worked for many years in hospitality management. He began as a front desk clerk and worked himself up to the position of assistant hotel manager. Luis also worked as a grocer... Luis A. Santos Website Address Previous Next • • • Peter S. Modlin Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP Recognized since 2010 San Francisco, CA Practice Areas Environmental Law Litigation - Environmental Peter S. Modlin For more information, please visit www.gibsondunn.com/lawyer/modlin-peter-s/ . Peter S. Modlin Website Address Phone Number Previous Next • • • LW Lisa A. Wade Swift, Currie, McGhee & Hiers LLP Recognized since 2026 Atlanta, GA Practice Areas Workers' Compensation Law - Employers LW Lisa A. Wade Lisa A. Wade is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Workers' Compensation Law - Employers. Lisa A., who practices law in Atlanta, Georgia, has been recognized since 2026. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Lisa A. is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. LW Lisa A. Wade Website Address Previous Next • • • Alison W. Rind Lerch, Early & Brewer Chartered Recognized since 2018 Bethesda, MD Practice Areas Commercial Finance Law Real Estate Law Alison W. Rind Alison W. Rind is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Commercial Finance Law and Real Estate Law. Alison W., who practices law in Bethesda, Maryland, has been recognized since 2018. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Alison W. is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. Alison W. Rind Website Address Previous Next • • • MP Michael J. Parrish Ward and Smith PA Recognized since 2026 New Bern, NC Practice Areas Litigation - Banking and Finance MP Michael J. Parrish Michael J. Parrish is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Litigation - Banking and Finance. Michael J., who practices law in New Bern, North Carolina, has been recognized since 2026. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Michael J. is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. MP Michael J. Parrish Website Address Previous Next • • • EW Erik J. Winton Jackson Lewis PC Recognized since 2019 Boston, MA Practice Areas Employment Law - Management Litigation - Labor and Employment Specific Focus COVID-19 EW Erik J. Winton Erik J. Winton is a top attorney recognized by Best Lawyers in the practice area(s) of Employment Law - Management and Litigation - Labor and Employment. Erik J., who practices law in Boston, Massachusetts, has been recognized since 2019. This recognition is based on an exhaustive peer-review survey, reflecting the high esteem in which Erik J. is held by other top lawyers in the same geographic and legal practice area. EW Erik J. Winton Website Address Previous Next • • • Tracy M. Thompson Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP Recognized since 2010 Birmingham, AL Practice Areas Business Organizations (including LLCs and Partnerships) Corporate Law Mergers and Acquisitions Law Tracy M. Thompson Tracy Thompson is a partner in the firm's Birmingham office. Her practice is concentrated in the corporate and securities area and includes mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, private placements of equity and debt securities, and general corporate advice. Most of her time is spent representing clients in stock or asset purchase or sale transactions and mergers. Tracy also regularly advises clients with regard to drafting and negotiating buy-sell, partnership and operating agreements, corp... Tracy M. Thompson Website Address Previous Next Canada 2026 New York Area 2026 • • • Southern California 2026 Southern California 2026 Southern California 2026 Previous Next South Florida 2026 Northern California 2026 Tampa 2026 Washington, D.C. 2026 Litigation 2025 Pennsylvania 2025 • • • • Texas 2025 Texas 2025 Texas 2025 Texas 2025 Previous Next Best Lawyers Publications Curated coverage on the world's top legal talent. See More Publications Firms {{Geolocation}} View More Firms Firm Schertler Onorato Mead & Sears LLP Washington, DC 9 Best Lawyers awards Firm Taylor, Day, Grimm & Boyd Jacksonville, FL 6 Best Lawyers awards Firm Scott & Wallace LLP Tallahassee, FL 1 Best Lawyers award Firm Mills Gamsey LLC Atlanta, GA Firm Zamani & Associates PLLC Washington, DC 1 Best Lawyers award Firm Martinson & Beason PC Huntsville, AL 1 Best Lawyers award Firm Gold Weems Bruser Sues & Rundell APLC Alexandria, LA 3 Best Lawyers awards Firm Lopez McHugh LLP Moorestown, NJ 1 Best Lawyers award Firm Cole, Scott & Kissane Miami, FL 76 Best Lawyers awards Firm Selikoff & Cohen PA Mount Laurel, NJ 2 Best Lawyers awards Latest Insights View All Insights Can You File Bankruptcy on Credit Cards by Bryan Driscoll Understanding your options for relief from overwhelming debt. Holiday Pay Explained: Federal Rules and Employer Policies by Bryan Driscoll Understand how paid holidays work, when employers must follow their policies and when legal guidance may be necessary. What California Divorce Law Changes Reveal About US Families by Bryan Driscoll Why economic trends, technology and globalization are redefining family law. Can a Green Card Be Revoked? by Bryan Driscoll Revocation requires a legal basis, notice and the chance to respond before status can be taken away. The Family Law Loophole That Lets Sex Offenders Parent Kids by Bryan Driscoll Is the state's surrogacy framework putting children at risk? Canadian Firms Explore AI, But Few Fully Embrace the Shift by David L. Brown BLF survey reveals caution despite momentum. "For a mutual fund Trustee who is not a US citizen Best Lawyers is the 'Zagat' go-to guide. Boards constantly review the quality of advisers and understanding the shifting front of all the legal runners and riders is essential. Best Lawyers is a one-stop shop." P. Gerald Malone Chairman and Member of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Aberdeen "Best Lawyers provides me with client perceptions and that makes it a great resource." Elisa Garcia Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Office Depot "We have found Best Lawyers to be a consistent and reliable resource." David Walker Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer EBSCO Industries, Inc. "I have used this volume on quite a number of occasions and find the information to be quite complete and informative." Daniel Cooperman Former Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Apple "Best Lawyers is a valuable resource for insurance claims people." Robert Penn Director of Complex Property Claims AIG Home Log In Begin Nomination Find a Lawyer For Clients Legal Guides NEW! Family Law Criminal Law Corporate Law & Commercial Litig... Injury & Malpractice Employment Law Insights View All Insights Trending Articles For Clients Publications View All Publications Business Editions Litigation 2025 Women in the Law 2025 Regional Editions NEW! Canada 2026 NEW! New York Area 2026 Southern California 2026 South Florida 2026 Northern California 2026 Partnerships For Lawyers Highlighted Lawyers & Firms In The News Grow Leads for Your Firm Ones to Watch Insights View All Insights Trending Articles For Lawyers For Marketers Build Your Law Firm Brand Publicizing Guidelines Insights View All Insights Trending Articles For Marketers About Our Company About Us History Leadership Advisory Board CMO Advisory Board Community Impact Global Presence Press Methodology Methodology Overview Timelines Practice Areas FAQs Contact Us Store Find a Lawyer Nominate Log In About Careers Press Contact Us Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms and Conditions | Best Law Firms © 2010 - 2025 Best Lawyers — All Rights Reserved. Your inquiry has been sent! We have encountered an error and are unable to send your message at this time. Please refresh the page and try again later. Name Email Phone (Optional) Submit Close By using our website, you consent to our use of cookies. We use essential cookies to enhance your browsing experience. You may opt out of non-essential cookies. Read our Cookie Policy to learn more. Only Use Essential Cookies Accept All Cookies Only Use Essential Cookies Accept All Cookies