Promoting Animal Welfare & Pet Adoption | Best Friends Animal Society Skip to main content Tertiary Menu Who We Are Pet Memorials Locations Shop En Español You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Search Icon Donations Menu Donate Monthly In Memory In Honor Workplace DAF Header Menu No-Kill 2025 The Sanctuary How You Can Help Stories Adopt Ways to Give Triple-match your gift before the ball drops! Triple-Match My Gift Cap off 2025 with kindness Let’s start the new year by giving fresh new beginnings to homeless cats and dogs across the country. As we say goodbye to 2025 and welcome 2026, there’s still time to make a gift to the animals and have it triple-matched. That means you can help three times as many homeless pets with one gift before the ball drops. Now that’s something to cheer about. Triple-Match My Gift Last chance to triple your impact for homeless pets Every gift made through midnight on December 31 is triple-matched. Your gift today will make 2026 brighter and better for homeless pets in your community. Help homeless kittens thrive Give $50 Help puppies get essential care Give $100 Help pets with special needs Give $250 Thanks to people like you, we’re on our way to raising $2,500,000 for the animals before the ball drops: none SAVING OUR BEST FRIENDS Best Friends supporters like you make this work possible this holiday season and throughout the year. Here are your stories. Quiz: What's your holiday season fur-sonality? Tell us about your best friend Make a gift in honor of your best friend Scrappy pup goes from matted to marvelous After living in heartbreaking conditions, Hawkeye made a total transformation thanks to a team of superheroes who helped him along the way. Read More Image Behind the scenes with 3 special kittens They came from different situations, but three kittens who all arrived with some m... Trio of kitten mischief Feature Image Best Friends storytellers' favorite animal tales of 2025 Our editorial team shares some of the stories that made us laugh, cry, and cheer t... Read the best of the best Feature Image A howling good time at Best Friends Animal Sanctuary For the dogs of the Sanctuary’s Dogtown, nothing beats a trail walk filled with wa... Footsteps toward the future Video Image Christmas cheer at Best Friends Animal Sanctuary Feel the magic of the holidays and share the fun with the animals at Best Friends... The spirit of the season Video Image A holiday message from the animals of Best Friends They cannot wrap presents, so they made you this instead.... Thank-you straight from the animals themselves Video Image Adoption update: One dog’s incredible transformation Raquel was a pup who wanted to scare away everyone for years. She got adopted, and... Hear how she's doing now Feature You bring comfort and joy to homeless pets Thank you for all you do for cats and dogs waiting for families of their own. We hope this video from the animals reminds you of the goodness you bring to the world. MORE WAYS YOU CAN HELP We're working to save the lives of dogs and cats around the country. Ring in the new year knowing you made a difference for homeless pets. Get involved to save pets in your community Help besties-to-be with a lifesaving gift Create a fundraiser to honor your best friend Adopt When you adopt a pet from a rescue group or animal shelter instead of buying from a breeder or puppy mill, you’re providing a lifesaving second chance. Adopt a Pet Donate Every gift through December 31 at midnight is triple-matched, so that means that your kindness today will help three times as many homeless pets. Match My Gift Join We believe every pet deserves a home, whether it’s a house with a fenced yard, a cozy apartment, or a safe outdoor space for community cats. Do you agree? I Agree Triple-match your gift before the ball drops Every gift through December 31 is triple-matched, so your generosity will go three times the distance providing warm beds, nutritious meals, veterinary care, and more to homeless pets. Triple My Impact Your good deed triple-matched: Raise funds to save lives Start a fundraiser to help pets in shelters around the country. Now through December 31 at midnight, every dollar you raise will be triple-matched! Create My Fundraiser WHO WE ARE We believe in giving pets second chances and happy homes. Together, we can make holiday miracles happen for homeless pets — and bring every community in the country to no-kill. Our work around the U.S. Our mission: No-kill The Best Friends story About Best Friends Best Friends Animal Society is working to save the lives of cats and dogs all across the country, giving pets second chances and happy homes. Best Friends is committed to working with passionate people like you to save homeless pets through adoption, volunteering, fostering, and advocacy. In addition to our lifesaving centers around the U.S, we also founded and run the nation's largest no-kill sanctuary for companion animals. We hope you’ll join us in making an enormous impact for homeless pets before we say goodbye to 2025. Who we are Let's be friends! When you give us your email address we'll send you emails with inspiring stories and ways to make a difference for animals in your community and around the U.S. You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Name First Name Last Name Email Submit Facebook Instagram TikTok Best Friends’ lifesaving work around the country Our southern Utah animal sanctuary and lifesaving centers around the country are the heart and soul of Best Friends. Visit bestfriends.org Together, we can Save Them All. Best Friends, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization (tax ID# 23-7147797), operates the nation’s largest sanctuary for homeless animals and provides adoption, spay/neuter, and educational programs. You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Save Them All Stay in touch with the animals via email updates, as they get second chances at happy homes. Subscribe Social Menu Best Friends Animal Society Facebook Page Best Friends Animal Society X Page Best Friends Animal Society Instagram Page Best Friends Animal Society Pinterest Page Best Friends Animal Society LinkedIn Page Best Friends Animal Society Threads Page Best Friends Animal Society YouTube Channel Best Friends Animal Society TikTok Page Best Friends Animal Society Twitch Channel Best Friends Animal Society Discord Sections No-Kill 2025 The Sanctuary Act for Animals Stories Adopt Ways to Give Who We Are Pet Care Locations Shop En Español How You Can Help Adopt Donate Foster Learn with Best Friends Pet Memorials Take Action Volunteer Work at Best Friends Programs Houston Los Angeles New York City Northwest Arkansas Salt Lake City Mobile Apps Best Friends Animal Sanctuary App Experience the magic of the Sanctuary during your visit to Kanab, Utah or from your couch. Other Best Friends Sites Best Friends Roadhouse and Mercantile Best Friends Store Network Partners Strut Your Mutt About Careers Internships For the Media FAQs Position Statements Financial Information In the Spotlight As seen on National Geographic’s DogTown and the CW's Dog Town USA. And the inspiration behind the critically acclaimed film, The Champions . We're proud to be one of the 2024 Top Workplaces, and honored to be recognized for our innovative work to take the entire country no-kill. Image Image Image Image Image Image Legal Menu Contact Us Data Sharing Request Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2025 Best Friends Animal Society. All Rights Reserved.