Best VPN Services Reviewed for 2025 - bestvpn.org Skip to content BestVPN Most popular Overall Best VPN Services of 2022 Best Free VPNs Best VPN Free Trial Best for Sports Best for Torrenting Best for Gaming Fastest VPNs By operating system Best for Mac Best for iPhone Best for Android Best for Windows Phone Best for Linux Best for XBox Best for Kodi By streaming service Best for Netflix Best for Hulu Best for Amazon Prime Best for HBO Max Best for BBC iPlayer Best for Apple TV Best for Disney Plus By country Best for USA Best for China Best for Iran Best for India Best for the UK Best for Russia Best for Australia Best for France See all Reviews Top picks ExpressVPN Review Surfshark Review NordVPN Review CyberGhost Review IPVanish Review Private Internet Access Review Windscribe Review VyprVPN Review TunnelBear Review ProtonVPN Review Perimeter 81 Review Avast VPN Review hide.me Review See all Guides Online security Cybersecurity Statistics Complete Guide to Online Privacy Understanding SSL and Its Importance Guide to Password Security How to How to Identify and Remove Android Viruses How to Delete Your Google History How to Tell If You’ve Been Hacked How to Tell If Your Smartphone Has Been Hacked Beginners What is my IP? Beginner’s Guide: How a VPN Works Beginner's Guide to VPN Terms Beginner’s Guide to Online Security and Privacy See all Watch Sports How to Stream the Premier League How to Stream Nippon Professional Baseball from Anywhere in the World How to Stream the Indian Super League from Anywhere How to Stream Major League Soccer How to Watch Premiership Rugby How to Stream UFC Fight Night How to Watch the NBA Playoffs Shows How to Watch the CMA Awards 2022 with a VPN How to Watch Love Island How to Watch 90 Day Fiancé How to Stream the Great British Bake Off How to Watch The Bachelor How to Watch The Bachelorette Online How to Watch How I Met Your Mother See all Comparisons ExpressVPN vs. ExpressVPN vs NordVPN ExpressVPN vs. IPVanish ExpressVPN vs PureVPN NordVPN vs. NordVPN vs IPVanish NordVPN vs Avast VPN NordVPN vs Private Internet Access Cyberghost vs. CyberGhost vs NordVPN CyberGhost vs Hotspot Shield CyberGhost vs PureVPN See all Honest VPN reviews. VPNs are hard to understand. That’s why we’ve reviewed which VPNs actually work and which don’t make the cut. Start here VPN guides and more Learn about how VPNs work and why they’re needed in the first place. Our guides cover all things internet privacy and cybersecurity. Everything you need to know to stay safe online. Beginner’s Guide: How a VPN Works Read more Beginner’s Guide to VPN Terms Read more Complete Guide to Online Privacy Read more How to Tell If You’ve Been Hacked Read more Explore more Find the best VPNs For free For gaming For Netflix For speed For iPhone For small business For torrenting Our top pick! 5\5 Always evades internet control in the PRC Keeps ahead of the Netflix VPN detection algorithm Benchmark tests show excellent speed See plans 4\5 If you’ve never used a VPN before, try TunnelBear The TunnelBear animation makes it a child-friendly app TunnelBear makes its services available for free in places where mass movements protest against government censorship See plans 4\5 Precise locations Very large VPN server network Offers a 45-day money-back guarantee See plans 4.4\5 No limit on the number of devices you can connect at the same time SOCKS5 proxy, which its main rivals don’t have More VPN servers in more US cities to dodge blackouts Visit site Our top pick! 5\5 Always evades internet control in the PRC Keeps ahead of the Netflix VPN detection algorithm Benchmark tests show excellent speed Visit site 4\5 Golden Frog, the business behind VyprVPN also runs a gaming platform VyprVPN pioneered obfuscation techniques and they have always worked well VyprVPN’s no logs policy is confirmed by an independent audit Visit site Our top pick! 5\5 Always evades internet control in the PRC Keeps ahead of the Netflix VPN detection algorithm Benchmark tests show excellent speed See plans ExpressVPN Review 4.5\5 More US city locations than its rivals Includes malware protection No-logs policy See plans NordVPN Review 3\5 The cell phone app worked seamlessly Customer service seemed genuinely interested in helping 24/7 Live Chat See plans VPNArea Review Our top pick! 5\5 Always evades internet control in the PRC Keeps ahead of the Netflix VPN detection algorithm Benchmark tests show excellent speed See plans 4.5\5 More US city locations than its rivals Includes malware protection No-logs policy See plans 4.4\5 No limit on the number of devices you can connect at the same time SOCKS5 proxy, which its main rivals don’t have More VPN servers in more US cities to dodge blackouts See plans Our top pick! 5\5 Always evades internet control in the PRC Keeps ahead of the Netflix VPN detection algorithm Benchmark tests show excellent speed See plans 4.5\5 More US city locations than its rivals Includes malware protection No-logs policy See plans 3.5\5 More locations in the USA, aims to provide a server in every state Makes excluding apps and sites from the VPN very easy Real customer service, not just a chatbot See plans 4\5 Presents a range of secure networking options Site-to-site connection protection Cloud security posture management See plans Our top pick! 5\5 Always evades internet control in the PRC Keeps ahead of the Netflix VPN detection algorithm Benchmark tests show excellent speed See plans 4.5\5 Smart DNS service, understands the technology Comprehensive security add-on package. No data throughput limits and has a no-logs policy See plans Our top pick! 5\5 Always evades internet control in the PRC Keeps ahead of the Netflix VPN detection algorithm Benchmark tests show excellent speed See plans 4.4\5 No limit on the number of devices you can connect at the same time SOCKS5 proxy, which its main rivals don’t have More VPN servers in more US cities to dodge blackouts See plans 3.5\5 More locations in the USA, aims to provide a server in every state Makes excluding apps and sites from the VPN very easy Real customer service, not just a chatbot See plans Recommended VPNs We thoroughly test and rank each VPN based on its features, pricing, privacy, security, performance and more. These are our favorites. Please note that we might receive compensation from the companies whose products we review but rest assured that the opinions here are our own. Our top pick! Always evades internet control in the PRC Keeps ahead of the Netflix VPN detection algorithm Benchmark tests show excellent speed Check best price ExpressVPN Review Smart DNS service, understands the technology Comprehensive security add-on package. No data throughput limits and has a no-logs policy Check best price Surfshark Review More US city locations than its rivals Includes malware protection No-logs policy Check best price NordVPN Review Precise locations Very large VPN server network Offers a 45-day money-back guarantee Check best price CyberGhost Review No limit on the number of devices you can connect at the same time SOCKS5 proxy, which its main rivals don’t have More VPN servers in more US cities to dodge blackouts Check best price IPVanish Review More locations in the USA, aims to provide a server in every state Makes excluding apps and sites from the VPN very easy Real customer service, not just a chatbot Check best price Private Internet Access Review Over 200 servers in 80+ countries Sleek, easy to use UI Customer support via email, Skype, and ticketing Check best price Ivacy VPN Review Presents a range of secure networking options Site-to-site connection protection Cloud security posture management Check best price Perimeter 81 Review Proton VPN gives access to the Tor network The Proton VPN package includes a secure email service The free version of Proton VPN provides an excellent secure VPN service Check best price ProtonVPN Review If you’ve never used a VPN before, try TunnelBear The TunnelBear animation makes it a child-friendly app TunnelBear makes its services available for free in places where mass movements protest against government censorship Check best price Tunnelbear Review View all FAQs What is a VPN used for? A VPN (virtual private network) is a service that allows users to have a safer, encrypted connection between their device and its destination on the internet. VPNs make it harder for you to be tracked and identified by observers. Some VPNs are free, but the best VPNs tend to cost money. What doesn’t a VPN do? VPNs do not increase your internet speed, make you completely anonymous online, or protect you from malware. They aren’t surefire ways to access streaming content only available in foreign countries. Nor are VPNs any guarantee that your data is private – the VPN company could still sell it. Are VPNs legal? In most countries, VPNs are completely legal. However, VPNs are illegal in the following countries: Belarus, Iraq, North Korea, and Turkmenistan. Additionally, their use is restricted, meaning you might need government approval in China, Iran, Oman, Russia, Turkey, and the United Arab Emirates (UAE). If unsure, you should check your nation’s laws before using a VPN. Do VPNs protect against malware? No, VPNs do not offer any protection against malware. You will still need to practice safe web browsing habits while using a VPN. Additionally, they will not provide any protection from preexisting malware on your computer. Some VPN providers might also offer some antivirus programs in addition to the VPN, but they are separate services provided by the same company. Should I leave my VPN on all the time? You do not need to leave your VPN on all the time. If you’re not worried about the privacy of your connection, it’s fine to turn it off. Disabling your VPN could also help if you want the fastest possible connection or a lower ping. That said, if you want to leave your VPN on all the time, there’s no problem doing so. Can I be tracked if I use a VPN? Using a VPN makes it harder for other parties to track you, but they might still be able to do so. You should note that if you log into a website with your user account, they’ll know it’s you. Additionally, websites now use ‘browser fingerprinting’ to identify specific devices. This is when the website looks at the unique settings you have configured to track your behavior. Will a VPN increase my internet speed? A VPN will not speed up your internet connection. Your internet connection speed is determined by your ISP or Wi-Fi connection strength. When you use a VPN service, you’ll either be limited to that speed or the speed of the VPN, whichever is slower. VPNs that advertise fast speeds will only be worth it if your base internet speed is at least as fast as the VPN’s speed. Can/should I use a VPN on my phone? You can use a VPN on your phone. If you frequently connect to public Wi-Fi networks, you should use a VPN to prevent other people from snooping on you. VPNs can also help if you do not trust your cellular provider with your data. You should know that using a VPN will burn through your data more quickly than if you were to go without one. How safe are VPNs? In general, VPNs are safe to use and help provide an additional layer of privacy to your internet traffic. However, you should know that certain VPN companies can keep logs containing your data which can potentially be sold or given to the government. There’s also the risk that the VPN provider can suffer a data breach and expose your data. Should I use a VPN with public Wi-Fi? Using a VPN while on a public Wi-Fi network is one of the best use cases for a VPN. Since other people connected to the public Wi-Fi can potentially look at data meant for you, the encryption a VPN provides ensures that only you can view it. If you frequent airports or coffee shops, you should get a VPN. Should I use a VPN when streaming? You generally do not need to use a VPN when streaming. Some streaming services will not allow you to stream when connected to a VPN. That’s because VPNs were used to skirt around the region-locking attached to some content, allowing users to watch shows only available in select foreign countries. What is a VPN provider? A VPN provider is a company that runs the VPN service. This is who you’ll have an account with when you access the VPN and who you’ll pay if it’s a premium service. There are many different VPN providers out there. Some are free, but it’s common for the best services to charge a monthly or annual fee. Are free VPNs secure? Probably not. Free VPNs need to make money, and in this case, the VPN provider is likely selling your data. Free VPNs can still help protect you on public Wi-Fi networks, but you run a much higher risk of your data being given away by the company running the VPN. If you’re committed to your privacy, it’s probably worth it to research and pay for a reputable service. Are more VPN servers better? More VPN servers are better so long as there is a good balance between quality and quantity. Having a lot of servers spread throughout the world is good to ensure users can access content with a low ping. Each server should have enough throughput to ensure that users do not have internet speed slowdowns. Having more servers also might allow users to access content that blocks VPNs before they wise up to every VPN server. What is AES-256? AES-256 (Advanced Encryption Standard) is a type of encryption that uses a 256-bit key to keep your data secure between its sender and your device. If someone is trying to look at this data without the key, they won’t be able to make anything out. AES-256 is more secure than AES-128 and AES-192, making it one of the most trusted encryption algorithms. What is IKEv2? IKEv2 (Internet Key Exchange protocol version 2) is the method some VPNs use to create encryption keys. It offers advantages to other protocols like OpenVPN, such as faster speeds, better stability, and an auto-reconnect feature. IKEv2 was first established in 2005 but has been updated multiple times since then. What is L2TP? L2TP (Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol) is a method used by some VPNs to tunnel data across networks. Basically, it’s the method used to bundle up your data and send it elsewhere. Another layer of encryption accompanies it to ensure the data is protected. L2TP was created in 2000 and was inspired by L2F (Layer 2 Forwarding Protocol) and PPTP (Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol). What do no logs mean? No logs mean the VPN company does not keep records of the traffic on their VPN servers. The company cannot tell who went where or what data they exchanged. So, if a VPN does not keep any logs you should have more privacy. However, there’s no guarantee the VPN provider is sticking to its word. You have no way to know if you’re being logged. What is a VPN protocol? A VPN protocol is a method used to route data through a connection. Different protocols come with unique advantages and disadvantages. Speed, encryption, and support can vary depending on the protocol. Some standard protocols are OpenVPN, IKEv2, and L2TP. What is a VPN kill switch? A VPN kill switch is a feature that stops your device from connecting to the internet if the connection to the VPN is lost. That way, there’s no chance your actual IP address could be leaked if there are VPN connectivity problems. This feature is also helpful to ensure that your device does not connect to the internet without a VPN connection after restarts, updates, and other unexpected events. VPN providers ExpressVPN Surfshark VPN NordVPN IPVanish Best VPN by category Netflix Hulu Mac Android Best Free VPNs TunnelBear CyberGhost hide.me SurfEasy Best VPN Services Reviewed for 2025 Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright © 2022 bestvpn.org