Pushing the limits of UAV performance | Betaflight Skip to main content Betaflight Wiki Development Download Sponsors Blog Apps Blackbox Explorer Betaflight App GitHub Pushing the Limits of UAV Performance Betaflight is the world's leading multi-rotor flight control software. The global FPV drone racing and freestyle community choose Betaflight for its performance, precision, cutting edge features, reliability and hardware support. Sponsors Loading... About Hardware Betaflight supports a wide range of flight controllers from a variety of manufacturers. The Betaflight Partner program provides hardware manufacturer recommendations from the development team. Community The user community is active and helpful, with a Facebook group of over 30,000 members and a growing Discord server . Considerable support resources also exist on Youtube, made by third parties. Open Source Betaflight is 'Open Source', so you can look at the source code and contribute to the project on GitHub . The team has a robust review system in order to maintain clean code, and we are always looking for talented contributors. OSD With the Betaflight On Screen Display you can use drag-and-drop to set up key flight metrics into your FPV video feed. This allows data such as battery metrics, speed, altitude and home direction. Safety Features Alerts for and arming blocks for improper setup, and disarm mechanisms are built in to avoid accidents. A comprehensive failsafe mechanism is featured to assist in flight issues. Flight Dynamics Betaflight was created for cutting edge flight performance. This has been achieved by optimizing the reaction time to disturbances, the accuracy of stick tracking, and the processing of digital signals. Team haslinghuis Mark Haslinghuis The Netherlands numloq.nl blckmn blckmn Australia blck.mn asizon Asier Ruiz DieHertz Andrey Mironov Tel-Aviv borisbstyle The Netherlands youtube.com/channel/... limonspb Ivan Efimov ctzsnooze ctzsnooze SupaflyFPV Supafly FPV UK SupaflyFPV.com VitroidFPV Vitroid vitroidfpv.com KarateBrot Jan Post Germany ko-fi.com/karatebrot SteveCEvans Steve Evans freasy Eike Ahmels Quick-Flash Kevin Plaizier wind0r Steffen Windoffer Germany wind0r.de klutvott123 Hans Christian Olaussen Hammerfest, Norway sugaarK SugarK Australia rotorbuilds.com/prof... ot0tot chmelevskij Tomas Chmelevskij Switzerland tomche.space McGiverGim Míguel Ángel Mulero Martínez Spain nerdCopter nerdCopter youtube.com/c/nerdCo... Donations Highly skilled developers lend their time for free in order to develop and maintain this project. If you enjoy this firmware or use it for professional work we would really appreciate your support. We use the donations to help with out of pocket costs, e.g. test hardware, hardware analysis equipment and running build servers. For those who do donate either their time or funds, we are exceptionally grateful for your contribution. Paypal For a once off donation to the cause with no ongoing commitment. Donate Patreon To setup a monthly recurring donation for ongoing support, commitment and thanks. Donate Youtube Joshua Bardwell Ivan Efimov Links Oscar Liang VitroidFPV Community Discord IntoFPV Feeds RSS Atom JSON Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved Team Betaflight Built with Docusaurus made with ❤️ by VitroidFPV and un!t