베팅 & 겜블 소프트웨어 제공업체 | BetConstruct Solutions Crypto Igaming Solutions Turnkey Igaming Solution API Igaming Solution White Label iGaming Solution Integrations Services About Company Partners Licenses and Certificates Awards Contact Sales New Website Beta Version Products Events Leading iGaming Platform Provider Start your iGaming business in just a few steps. 50+ products, 15+ licences and 500+ payment methods to quickstart your gaming operation. Make The Choice *Start your 30-day free trial. No credit card required Build Your 2026 Plans with 50% Off Experience a new start in iGaming with BetConstruct AI’s limited commercial offer, delivering 50% savings across setup fees, tools, and services. Integrate this advantage into your upcoming projects and enter new markets or launch new skins with stronger commercial terms. Contact Sales *Valid for new agreements signed by 15 January 2026 . iGaming Solutions Choose the solution that best meets your needs and start growing your business Crypto iGaming BetConstruct’s Crypto iGaming Solution supports all the characteristic attributes of BetConstruct’s classic iGaming platform but is backed with cryptocurrency integration, game collections and multi-wallet payment options. Learn more Turnkey iGaming Suitable for licensed operators, BetConstruct’s Turnkey iGaming Solution offers a market-leading range of products with a fully manageable and powerful backoffice, large selection of games and sports events in a single ready-to-use package. Learn more API iGaming Solution BetConstruct’s API iGaming Solution is designed for existing online operators who wish to integrate BetConstruct’s gaming and betting solutions. The streamlined integration process guarantees an easy implementation of cutting-edge offerings. Learn more White Label iGaming BetConstruct's White Label iGaming Solution is an easy-to-launch solution, designed to integrate BetConstruct’s best betting and gaming products under more than 500+ payment gateways and supported licences of Curacao, Malta, France, and the UK and more. Learn more Trusted Partners on Our Platform We proudly power these ambitious gaming and betting brands > See More Jurisdictions Our software is compliant with the majority of regulated jurisdictions 500+ + Payment Methods See More PRODUCTS Sports Betting Data Feed Solutions Platforms Operational Tools Gaming Services Spring BME Land Based Solutions OFFERS Start a Free Trial Regional Offers Integrations Help & Media Manage your Account Help Portal Brand Guideline Client Zone for Partners Contact Sales BETCONSTRUCT About Company Partners Events Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions FOllOw Us The website is operated by Soft Construct (Malta) Ltd a company registered in Malta with registration number C45929 and having its registered address at Luxe Pavilion, 2nd level, Diamonds International Building, Portomaso, St Julian's STJ 4010, Malta. SCM is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under a Gaming Service Licence MGA/B2B/286/2014 issued on the 1st of August 2018 and the UK Gambling Commission for the provision of services to the United Kingdom. UKGC Account number [40767]. © 2025 BetConstruct. All rights reserved