	
Help
		 
 
  Join Now
 Remember me Forgot your username / password ?
		
 
Safer Gambling
Exchange
Sportsbook
Casino
Poker
Exchange Games
Bingo
Virtual Sports
All Sports
In-Play
Cash Out
Football
Horse Racing
Tennis
Cricket
MMA
Darts
MORE WAYS TO BET.
MORE WAYS TO WIN.
The Betfair Exchange is different because you're betting against fellow bettors so you can get better odds, set your own, sports trade, and even lay a bet.
WHY NOT GO FOR MORE?
New Customer Offer
TRY BETFAIR EXCHANGE FOR FREE
Bet $30 and if you don't win, we'll refund you in cash
Join Now

Bet $30 or more on the Exchange and we'll refund you $30 if it loses. Debit/credit card deposits only. Only your first Exchange bet will count. See full T&Cs.

New Customer Offer
DEPOSIT $30
PLAY WITH $60


Commit $30 via the promo hub on Sportsbook to qualify. Buy in and Bonus must be wagered x10 within 90 days. Min odds 1.60. Card/Paypal deposits only. Full T&Cs.

Join Now
WE'RE WORLDWIDE
- More than 6 million users around the world trust Betfair
- We offer bets on over 50,000 sports events every month
WIN MORE WITH BETFAIR EXCHANGE
- Bet against other players
- Set your own odds for even better value
 PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY More details

Warning: Although the current score, time elapsed, video and other data provided on this site is sourced from "live" feeds provided by third parties, you should be aware that this data may be subject to a time delay and/or be inaccurate.  Please also be aware that other Betfair customers may have access to data that is faster and/or more accurate than the data shown on the Betfair site. If you rely on this data to place bets, you do so entirely at your own risk. Betfair provides this data AS IS with no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of such data and accepts no responsibility for any loss (direct or indirect) suffered by you as a result of your reliance on it.

Help Affiliates Security Betfair Mobile Developers Safer Gambling About Betfair
X
 
Youtube
06:02

For customers in the United Kingdom: PPB Counterparty Services Limited, Betfair Casino Limited, PPB Entertainment Limited, TSE Malta LP and PPB Games Ltd are licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account numbers 39439, 39435, 39426, 39561 and 39411.
All other customers: PPB Counterparty Services Limited, having its registered address at Level 2, Spinola Park, Mikiel Ang. Borg Street, St. Julians SPK1000 Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under Licence Number MGA/CRP/131/2006 (issued on 01 August 2018). Some games under the Bingo tab are supplied by operators that are licensed within the EU/EEA and further information is displayed on the individual games where applicable.

Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Privacy Preference Centre Rules & Regulations Terms & Conditions Gambling can be addictive, use our online tools for a safer way to play Underage gambling is an offence
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 88 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow All Cookies enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Allow Necessary Only or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.See our Cookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Use precise geolocation data. Store and/or access information on a device. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Use limited data to select content. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Create profiles to personalise content.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All Cookies
Allow Necessary Only
Show Purposes
   