Betterment | Automated investing & Financial planning Skip to main content Individuals Employers Advisors Betterment Logo Open menu Invest Automated investing Globally diversified with all trading, rebalancing, and tax management done for you. Self-directed investing New Trade stocks and ETFs with tax insights you won’t find anywhere else. IRAs Save for retirement with a tax-advantaged traditional, Roth, or SEP IRA. Crypto investing A managed portfolio of Bitcoin and Ethereum ETFs. Bond investing Stable income, diversification, and reduced risk from Goldman Sachs and BlackRock. Portfolio options Explore portfolios built with low-cost ETFs. Historical performance See how well our portfolios perform. Tax-saving technology Get the same tax tech used by high-net-worth investors at no extra cost. Socially responsible (SRI) Invest for a better world, from climate to social impact. Self-directed investing is here Trade stocks and ETFs with tax insights you won’t find anywhere else. Learn more Cash High-yield cash 3.25% APY No fees or minimums. FDIC insured up to $4M.** Unlimited withdrawals. Variable APY. Checking Everyday spending with no foreign transaction or ATM withdrawal fees. New customer offer: 3.90% APY Unlock our highest variable rate of the year! Claim offer Retirement 401(k) & IRA rollovers Our low-cost portfolios can add up to more for your retirement. IRAs Save for retirement with a tax-advantaged traditional, Roth, or SEP IRA. Solo 401(k) new Retirement account with a high contribution limit for self-employed individuals. Rollover support Free expert guidance to consolidate your retirement. Retirement planning Get tools and advice that can help you win at retirement. Start investing with Betterment today and earn up to $1,000! Claim offer Premium Premium Get 1:1 advice from a CFP® along with exclusive benefits, investing options, and more. 95% of Betterment customers say they are happy with their advisor experience. Learn more Resources Education Support Customer reviews Understanding risk and return Pricing Press Careers Pursue Better Traditional vs. Roth Should you take your tax break now, or later? Read more See solutions for Individuals Employers Advisors Log in Earn up to 3.90% (variable) APY! Open a Cash Reserve account and make a qualifying deposit to get a 0.65% APY boost on your savings for 3 months. Close Icon Skip to footer Creating a better way to build wealth Betterment is a trusted leader in automated money management. Build wealth with low-cost, globally diversified ETF portfolios, high-yield cash, self-directed investing, and tax-saving technology. Boost your savings to 4.00% APY (variable) For 3 months. Invite a friend to open Cash Reserve to unlock an extra +0.75% APY for you both. Terms apply. Enroll and earn up to $1,000 The more you invest, the more you can earn. Terms apply. Boost your savings up to 3.90% APY (variable) through January 15, 2026. New customers only. Terms apply . Claim your offer Results for the long term Since its launch, our Core portfolio has delivered over 9% composite annual time-weighted returns after fees. Learn more Cash Reserve offered by Betterment LLC and requires a Betterment Securities brokerage account. Betterment is not a bank. FDIC insurance provided by Program Banks , subject to certain conditions. Learn more . Start with our most popular accounts. Join over 1 million people building wealth with confidence and ease. INVEST Automated investing Build wealth with diversified, expert-built portfolios. SAVE High-yield cash Earn more interest on your savings with 3.25% variable APY. RETIRE IRAs Grow your retirement savings with a tax-advantaged IRA. INVEST Automated investing Build wealth with diversified, expert-built portfolios. SAVE High-yield cash Earn more interest on your savings with 3.25% variable APY. RETIRE IRAs Grow your retirement savings with a tax-advantaged IRA. Want to know how you can make the most of your money? Take our quiz. I'm in school Caret Right Icon I'm working or job hunting Caret Right Icon I'm retired Caret Right Icon Self-directed investing Choose from thousands of stocks and ETFs with Betterment by your side. See tax impact before you sell Trade fractional shares Pay no commission or management fees Start investing Learn more Betterment waives its wrap fee on assets in self-directed investing accounts. INVEST Investing should always be this easy. We manage your money for you—putting our technology behind every dollar you invest—so you can focus on living your life. Managed portfolios Choose from our curated portfolios or build your own—all using low-cost exchange-traded funds. Save more in taxes We use tax-loss harvesting to help turn market dips into tax savings. In fact, nearly 70% of customers using tax-loss harvesting covered their taxable advisory fees through estimated tax savings. Ongoing optimization We monitor your investments, rebalance your portfolio, and reinvest dividends to help maximize your returns. Invest with our globally diversified, expert-built portfolios. Explore portfolio options Save Boost your savings with a high-yield cash account. Don’t let traditional savings accounts keep your money from growing. Whether saving for an emergency fund or a big goal, our high-yield cash account earns interest at 8x the national average. $0 fees Forget any monthly or maintenance costs—what you earn is what you keep. $4M FDIC insurance Enjoy FDIC insurance up to $2 million ($4 million for joint accounts) with our program banks. That’s 8x the standard. Move money with ease Easily transfer cash to your investing account, set up recurring savings, and withdraw funds anytime you need. RETIRE Feel confident about retirement with an IRA. Grow your retirement savings with a tax-advantaged traditional, Roth, or SEP IRA. Get tax benefits along with our automated technology and full suite of planning tools. Tax benefits We coordinate your retirement accounts for maximum tax efficiency, helping you save on taxes and grow your returns. Lower fees Rollovers to a Betterment IRA of low-cost ETFs can save on high 401(k) fees. Retirement planning We build you a personalized plan, recommend how much to save, and adjust as needed. Learn more See why 1M+ customers trust us to manage $65B+ of their money. g "Excellent place to make your money work for you." KATHRYN H. g "It's a good ' set-it-and-forget-it' investing tool for my family." CASEY M. g "Saves the stress and hassle of managing retirement savings myself." DAVID S. g "Because of the opportunity to invest in a better future - the climate change portfolio is great." JULIA O. g "Portfolio options are clear, cost effective and well implemented." CHRISTOPHER T. Read more reviews Still have questions? How does Betterment work? Caret Down Icon Betterment helps you manage your money through cash management, guided investing, and retirement planning. We are a fiduciary, which means we act in your best interest. We'll ask a bit about you when you sign up . We'll also gather information when you connect your outside accounts . Then, we'll help you set financial goals and set you up with investment portfolios for each goal. For your long-term financial needs (like retirement, next year's vacation, or a down payment), our investment strategy utilizes low-cost ETFs (exchange-traded funds) and an adjustable risk profile based on your goal type and how long you plan to invest. For your daily saving and spending, you can use our cash management products that include Checking (which is offered by nbkc bank, Member FDIC) and Cash Reserve , a high-yield cash account. Will I have access to real humans? Caret Down Icon Customer support team members are available five days per week to answer questions about your account. If you want in-depth financial advice, you can talk to a licensed advisor by phone for an additional cost. Our Premium plan provides you with unlimited access and costs an additional 0.40% on your invested balances (with a minimum investing account balance requirement of $100,000 across eligible balances ). Is my money safe at Betterment? Caret Down Icon Betterment Securities is a Member of SIPC, which protects securities of its members up to $500K (including $250K for claims for cash). Explanatory brochure available upon request or at www.sipc.org. What you should remember is that the SIPC does not protect against market changes in your investing account. Individual Cash Reserve accounts have FDIC insurance up to $2 million and joint Cash Reserve accounts offer up to $4 million in FDIC insurance once funds are deposited into our program banks . Funds deposited into Checking are FDIC-insured up to $250,000 for individual accounts and up to $250,000 per depositor for joint accounts, provided by nbkc bank, Member FDIC. Explore further details about FDIC insurance . Who are the experts behind the scenes? Caret Down Icon Our team of investing experts make decisions about our portfolio strategies and fund selection with the help of an external committee of economists, PhDs, and industry experts. More than just a portfolio management team, our experts work to develop improvements to our Tax Smart technology , our cash analysis tools, and other advanced strategies. Want to know how you can make the most of your money? Take our quiz. I'm in school Caret Right Icon I'm working or job hunting Caret Right Icon I'm retired Caret Right Icon Build wealth with confidence and ease. Get started Get started on Close Icon Betterment App Download Stay in browser Continue Skip to top navigation menu Betterment Logo Icon SVG Footer Accounts Automated investing Self-directed Investing High-yield cash IRAs Crypto investing Checking Trusts Tools Portfolio options Historical performance Tax savings Mobile app Goal tracker All-in-one dashboard Charitable giving Socially responsible (SRI) Service Talk to an advisor Premium Rollover support Retirement advice Resources Education Support FAQ Risk and return Pricing About About us Reviews Press Careers Rewards 3.90% APY boost Refer a friend Disclosures Legal Betterment on Instagram Betterment on Facebook Betterment on X Betterment on LinkedIn Contact us Betterment 401(k) Betterment Advisor Solutions Review FINRA's BrokerCheck . National average savings account annual percentage yield (APY) (as of 12/10/2025) for savings accounts under $100,000, per FDIC. Annual percentage yield (variable) is 3.25% as of 12/12/2025 , plus a 0.65% boost (“APY Boost”) for new clients with a qualifying deposit. $10 min deposit for base APY. Terms apply ; if the base APY changes, the Boosted APY will change. Annual percentage yield (variable) is 3.25% as of 12/12/2025, plus a 0.25% boost (“APY Boost”); clients must maintain the Premium $100k account threshold across eligible investments; other terms apply. $10 min deposit for base APY. If the base APY changes, the Boosted APY will change. The reported customer count of 1 Million+ is as of 8/19/2025 , and is inclusive of checking and investing clients. Betterment's reported assets under management (AUM) of $65 Billion+ is as of 10/21/2025. Betterment does not provide tax advice. TLH is not suitable for all investors. Learn more . Checking accounts and the Betterment Visa Debit Card provided by and issued by nbkc bank, Member FDIC. Betterment Checking made available through Betterment Financial LLC. Neither Betterment Financial LLC, nor any of their affiliates, is a bank. Betterment Financial LLC reimburses ATM fees and the Visa® 1% foreign transaction fee worldwide, everywhere Visa is accepted. Checking accounts do not earn APY (annual percentage yield). Betterment Cash Reserve and Betterment Checking are separate offerings and are not linked accounts. Any balances you hold with nbkc bank, including but not limited to those balances held in Betterment Checking accounts are added together and are insured up to $250,000 per depositor through nbkc bank, Member FDIC. Betterment is not FDIC-insured. FDIC insurance only covers the failure of an insured bank. If you have funds jointly owned, these funds would be separately insured for up to $250,000 for each joint account owner. nbkc bank utilizes a deposit network service, which means that at any given time, all, none, or a portion of the funds in your Betterment Checking accounts may be placed into and held beneficially in your name at other depository institutions which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). For a complete list of other depository institutions where funds may be placed, please visit https://www.cambr.com/bank- list. Balances moved to network banks are eligible for FDIC insurance once the funds arrive at a network bank. To learn more about pass-through deposit insurance applicable to your account, please see the Account Documentation. Additional information on FDIC insurance can be found at https://www.fdic.gov/resources/deposit-insurance/ . IMPORTANT BETTERMENT DISCLOSURES Information is educational only and not investment or tax advice. External links are educational, and do not imply Betterment’s endorsement. All screenshots are for illustrative purposes only. Who Provides What Service? Investment Advice: Advisory services are provided by Betterment LLC, an SEC-registered investment adviser. Betterment LLC's internet-based advisory services are designed to assist clients in achieving discrete financial goals. They are not intended to provide comprehensive tax advice or financial planning with respect to every aspect of a client's financial situation and do not incorporate specific investments that clients hold elsewhere. Betterment is not a tax advisor. Brokerage Services & Custody: Brokerage services are provided to clients of Betterment LLC by Betterment Securities, an SEC-registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA / SIPC , and Apex Clearing Corporation, a third-party SEC registered broker-dealer and member FINRA/SIPC. Betterment Checking: Betterment Checking is made available through Betterment Financial LLC. Checking accounts and the Betterment Visa Debit Card provided by and issued by nbkc bank, Member FDIC. See Betterment Checking Disclosure . Betterment at Work: 401(k) plan administration services provided by Betterment for Business LLC.  Investment advice to plans and plan participants provided by Betterment LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser. No Betterment entity is a bank. Special Disclosure for Betterment Cash Reserve Betterment Cash Reserve is offered by Betterment LLC and requires a Betterment Securities brokerage account. Client funds in Cash Reserve are deposited into one or more FDIC-insured banks (“ Program Banks ”), where they earn variable interest and are eligible for FDIC insurance (subject to certain conditions). Funds in brokerage accounts are protected by SIPC, but funds at Program Banks are FDIC-insured up to $250K per depositor per bank, with a potential aggregate limit of $2M ($4M for joint accounts) once the funds reach one or more Program Banks. Funds in transit to or from Program Banks are generally not FDIC-insured but are covered by SIPC. FDIC insurance limits include all accounts held at a bank, not just Cash Reserve funds. For details, see Betterment’s Cash Reserve T&Cs and Form ADV Part 2 . FDIC insurance information is available at FDIC.gov . Let’s Talk About Risk: Investing involves risk and there is the potential of losing money when you invest in securities. Past performance does not guarantee future results and the likelihood of investment outcomes are hypothetical in nature. Investments in securities are: Not FDIC Insured • Not Bank Guaranteed • May Lose Value. Before investing, consider your investment objectives and Betterment LLC's fees and expenses. For more details, see Betterment’s Form CRS , Form ADV Part II and other disclosures . Not an offer, solicitation of an offer, or advice to buy or sell securities in jurisdictions where Betterment LLC is not registered. Who Provides the Market Data? Market Data by Xignite and FactSet . Copyright © 2025 FactSet Research Systems Inc. Fund data © 2022 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. © Betterment Holdings Inc. All rights reserved. Betterment, 450 West 33rd Street, FL 11 New York, NY 10001 You are viewing a web property located at Betterment.com. Different properties may be provided by a different entity with different marketing standards. Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Trademark Legal Directory Privacy controls Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google, Inc. Apple, the Apple logo, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. Betterment assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content, accuracy, reliability or opinions expressed in a third-party website, to which a published article links (a “linked website”). Such linked websites are not monitored, investigated, or checked for accuracy or completeness by Betterment. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, reliability, timeliness and completeness of any information available on a linked website. All products, services, and content obtained from a linked website are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, security, or accuracy. If Betterment has a relationship or affiliation with the author or content, it will note this in additional disclosure. © Betterment. All rights reserved