Better Stack - Observability Meets Incident Management Platform Incident management & on-call Move fast when things break Uptime monitoring The most reliable uptime monitoring Status page Communicate downtime & build trust Tracing eBPF-based OpenTelemetry-native tracing Log management Collect insights across your stack Infrastructure monitoring OpenTelemetry-native infrastructure monitoring Error tracking AI‑native error tracking built on Better Stack Data warehouse Serverless ClickHouse as an API Documentation Pricing Community Community home Guides Questions Comparisons Company Work at Better Stack Engineering Security Blog Changelog Enterprise Sign in Sign up Platform Documentation Pricing Community Company Enterprise Back Incident management & on-call Move fast when things break Uptime monitoring The most reliable uptime monitoring Status page Communicate downtime & build trust Tracing eBPF-based OpenTelemetry-native tracing Log management Collect insights across your stack Infrastructure monitoring OpenTelemetry-native infrastructure monitoring Error tracking AI‑native error tracking built on Better Stack Data warehouse Serverless ClickHouse as an API Back Community home Guides Questions Comparisons Back Work at Better Stack Engineering Security Blog Changelog Radically better observability stack Incident management meets observability. At a fraction of the cost of competitors. Start for free Datadog bill too high? Migrate today, the rest of your contract is on us. Migration assistance and bespoke onboarding included. Book a consultation eBPF-based service map Log management OpenTelemetry-native tracing Infrastructure monitoring AI-native error tracking Incident management Status page Agentic AI SRE Resolve incidents in Slack or Teams At a fraction of your current costs Get an unrivaled price-to-performance ratio. Forget sampling and ingest all your data or decrease your costs by 30x. Explore pricing Ingest up to 33x more data with the same budget or save up to 97% of your costs 1 TB traces per month 30-day retention 1 TB logs per month 30-day retention 150B metrics data points 13-month retention Datadog approx. $28,000 per month Better Stack $879 per month An estimate only. Assumes annual payments, European data location, 1 responder with a production bundle, the average event size of 1 kB, $0.1 per 100 Datadog's "ingested custom metrics", 1 Datadog "ingested custom metric" being an approx. equivalent of 6,715 Better Stack's metric data points. Further assumes Datadog's $0.1 per ingested GB of spans & logs, and $2.5/million indexed spans & logs for 30 days. Adds up to $22,475 for metrics, $2,786 for logs, and $2,786 for spans per month. Tracing Explore tracing Explore with "bubble up" Investigate slow requests visually with drag & drop to find root cause. Instrument clusters with OpenTelemetry with no code change Gather traces, logs, and metrics using eBPF and OpenTelemetry. Remotely monitor collector’s throughput and adjust sampling, compression, and batching as needed. eBPF-based service map See network flows, auto-instrument databases, and track SLOs. Get an AI SRE: Claude Code with the knowledge of your telemetry Leverage automated root cause analysis based on the eBPF-based service map and log analysis. A human is always in charge. Apdex and RED metrics Understand the overall health of a service in a single dashboard. Tracing Explore tracing Explore with "bubble up" Investigate slow requests visually with drag & drop to find root cause. Instrument clusters with OpenTelemetry with no code change Gather traces, logs, and metrics using eBPF and OpenTelemetry. Remotely monitor collector’s throughput and adjust sampling, compression, and batching as needed. eBPF-based service map See network flows, auto-instrument databases, and track SLOs. Get an AI SRE: Claude Code with the knowledge of your telemetry Leverage automated root cause analysis based on the eBPF-based service map and log analysis. A human is always in charge. Apdex and RED metrics Understand the overall health of a service in a single dashboard. Replaces Incident management Explore incident management Slack-based incident management Get the right team members involved with powerful templated workflows directly in Slack and decrease your MTTR. Smart incident merging 10 incidents created at the same time? Acknowledge them with a single tap and keep your phone from ringing. AI post-mortems Learn from every incident instead of manually rewriting what happened. Incident management Explore incident management Slack-based incident management Get the right team members involved with powerful templated workflows directly in Slack and decrease your MTTR. Smart incident merging 10 incidents created at the same time? Acknowledge them with a single tap and keep your phone from ringing. AI post-mortems Learn from every incident instead of manually rewriting what happened. Replaces Uptime monitoring Explore uptime monitoring Screenshots for errors We record the API errors and take a screenshot of your app being down. Traceroute & MTR for timeouts Understand connection timeouts and request timeouts with edge-based traceroute and MTR outputs. Playwright-based transaction checks Run tests with a real Chrome browser instance with a JavaScript runtime. Phone call alerts & SMS included Unlimited global phone call alerts, sms, push notifications, and Slack notifications included with every Responder license. Uptime monitoring Explore uptime monitoring Screenshots for errors We record the API errors and take a screenshot of your app being down. Traceroute & MTR for timeouts Understand connection timeouts and request timeouts with edge-based traceroute and MTR outputs. Playwright-based transaction checks Run tests with a real Chrome browser instance with a JavaScript runtime. Phone call alerts & SMS included Unlimited global phone call alerts, sms, push notifications, and Slack notifications included with every Responder license. Replaces Log management Explore log management Analyze raw logs at scale Run ad-hoc queries on raw logs at scale with our built-in query time sampling. Query with SQL, PromQL, Drag & drop or a simple log filtering. Don’t get billed for useless logs Mark irrelevant logs as spam to exclude them and don’t get charged. One-click pattern filtering Group similar logs, filter or exclude patterns with a single click. See surrounding logs from noisy neighbors. SQL via HTTP API and MCP server Query your logs, spans or metrics with SQL over HTTP API or our MCP server. Store logs in your own S3 bucket No more ‘hot storage’ and ‘cold storage’. Access all your logs all the time. No need to rehydrate your logs from S3 ever again. Drag & drop dashboards Drag & drop the metrics you want to visualize. No SQL code necessary. Log management Explore log management Analyze raw logs at scale Run ad-hoc queries on raw logs at scale with our built-in sampling. Don’t get billed for useless logs Mark irrelevant logs as spam to exclude them and don’t get charged. One-click pattern filtering Group similar logs, filter or exclude patterns with a single click. SQL via HTTP API and MCP server Query your logs, spans or metrics with SQL over HTTP API or MCP. Store logs in your own S3 bucket No need to rehydrate your data ever again. Drag & drop dashboards Drag & drop the metrics you want to visualize. No SQL code necessary. Replaces Infrastructure monitoring Explore infrastructure monitoring Anomaly detection alerts Trigger alerts in real-time based on anomalies in logs and metrics. No need to configure exact alert thresholds. Get alerts via Slack, e-mail, phone, SMS, and more. Collaboration built-in Observe your teammates and comment on note-worthy data spikes. Query with Drag & drop, SQL or PromQL Get answers fast with a powerful SQL query builder. No need to learn a new querying language or ask your data analyst. OpenTelemetry & Prometheus-native Connect metrics in minutes using existing open-source collectors. Infrastructure monitoring Explore infrastructure monitoring Anomaly detection alerts Trigger alerts in real-time based on anomalies in logs and metrics. No need to configure exact alert thresholds. Get alerts via Slack, e-mail, phone, SMS, and more. Collaboration built-in Observe your teammates and comment on note-worthy data spikes. Query with Drag & drop, SQL or PromQL Get answers fast with a powerful SQL query builder. No need to learn a new querying language or ask your data analyst. OpenTelemetry & Prometheus-native Connect metrics in minutes using existing open-source collectors. Replaces Error tracking Explore error tracking Made for Slack, Linear, Microsoft Teams, and Jira Integrate with tools you already use to get alerted with rich contextual notifications. Need an urgent fix? Leverage the built-in incident management. Compatible with Sentry SDKs Track errors from 100+ platforms with the industry-standard Sentry SDKs. Integrate with Claude Code or Cursor Integrate Better Stack in seconds with a single prompt. Copy, run, and start tracking errors with Better Stack. Terraform, API, and MCP server Integrate new apps with Terraform and investigate errors with MCP. Configurable exception grouping Have a non-standard stack and want to group exceptions in an atypical way? We got you covered. Error tracking Explore error tracking Slack, Linear, MS Teams, Jira Get alerted with rich notifications. Need an urgent fix? Leverage the built-in incident management. Compatible with Sentry SDKs Track errors from 100+ platforms with the industry-standard Sentry SDKs. Integrate with Claude Code or Cursor Integrate Better Stack in seconds with a single prompt. Copy, run, and start tracking errors with Better Stack. Terraform, API, and MCP server Integrate new apps with Terraform and investigate errors with MCP. Configurable exception grouping Have a non-standard stack and want to group exceptions in an atypical way? We got you covered. Replaces Status page Explore status pages Branded page on your own sub-domain Beautifully designed status page. Fully customizable with CSS and Javascript. Subscribe to status page updates Send automated updates to your customers when incident occurs. Let your customers subscribe to the entire status page or just selected components. Translated into any language Be perceived as a local by your foreign customers. Customize every translation. Embed custom charts Show pre-built charts with response times or add custom metrics with advanced visualizations directly to your status page. Status page Explore status pages Branded page on your own sub-domain Beautifully designed status page. Fully customizable with CSS and Javascript. Subscribe to status page updates Send automated updates to your customers when incident occurs. Let your customers subscribe to the entire status page or just selected components. Translated into any language Be perceived as a local by your foreign customers. Customize every translation. Embed custom charts Show pre-built charts with response times or add custom metrics with advanced visualizations directly to your status page. Replaces Warehouse Explore warehouse So affordable you’ll ask what’s wrong with it Benefit from our economies of scale. We pass the savings on to you. Cheaper than self-hosting on AWS. Get serverless ClickHouse® as an API Save query as a high-performance API you can securely call from frontend. Built-in vector embeddings and approximate KNN Generate vector embeddings without having to call an external API with our built-in embedding model and query embeddings fast with vector indexes. Open formats in your own S3 bucket Store everything in your own cloud. No vendor lock-in. Analyze trends with analytical queries Run arbitrary SQL queries at petabyte scale leveraging query time sampling. Warehouse Explore warehouse So affordable you’ll ask what’s wrong with it Benefit from our economies of scale. We pass the savings on to you. Cheaper than self-hosting on AWS. Get serverless ClickHouse® as an API Save query as a high-performance API you can securely call from frontend. Built-in vector embeddings and approximate KNN Generate vector embeddings without having to call an external API with our built-in embedding model and query embeddings fast with vector indexes. Open formats in your own S3 bucket Store everything in your own cloud. No vendor lock-in. Analyze trends with analytical queries Run arbitrary SQL queries at petabyte scale leveraging query time sampling. Replaces Happy customers, growing market presence Ship higher-quality software faster. Be the hero of your engineering teams. Start for free Start monitoring for free or book a demo Don’t just take our word for it We're proud to be working with publicly traded companies as well as individual indie hackers and are thankful for their feedback, suggestions, and support. @BetterStackHQ is one of the best products I've ever used. Went from 0-100 on logging in 15 minutes. Incredible Conor @cnrstvns I tested @BetterStackHQ for @gamubsapp! So much easier to configure and the interface is better than @FreshworksInc! Quentin @glaffont @BetterStackHQ status page looks SO neat! A fantastic tool for SaaS products like @Snapodcast TonyHe @ttttonyhe By far @BetterStackHQ has given me more pleasant surprises other tool in this space. We had an outage due to a domain name
expiring, and it turns out we can even be alered about that. Great user experience and UI on top of all the features.
How is it not more popular? John @johncjago One year one tool. @linear won my heart last year. This year so far, @BetterStackHQ is the frontrunner, well designed 👏 Tianzhou @tianzhouchen I just checked this out, and have never been so happy that I saw an ad 👏 Chris @chrishow Looking for a status page? I recommend @BetterStackHQ .
Perfect support, answered my dms
in a couple of minutes, and it's the first actual cool looking status page which allows
custom domains (on the free plan 😱) haven't actually tried it, but it looks good so far. #NotSponsor NeverLand @neverlandoff Switched from @Statuspage to @BetterStackHQ over the week end, looking pretty good status.speakbox.ca Valentin Prugnaud 🦊 @valentinprgnd What are you using for logging and incident management? For me the go to is currently @BetterStackHQ - love their simplicity and
powerful features. Would like to learn more about what's out there. Markus Leimer @markuslei22 I'm utterly blown away by @BetterStackHQ !
They do everything. I'm now monitoring one of our US servers
for every kind of log Ubuntu creates, custom alerts for errors, website downtime, incident logging, Slack notifications,
S3 log storage, and loads more. 😍 Darren Pinder @dmpinder I absolutely love services like @BetterStackHQ simple, does a great job, and has a generous free plan for companies just starting out I don't remember finding anything even close to it ~4 years ago when i was
looking for a monitoring tool for one of my projects kostya @nstkostyal Show more Solutions OpenTelemetry tracing Log management Infrastructure monitoring Error tracking Incident management Uptime monitoring Status page Data warehouse Company Work at Better Stack Engineering Security Resources Help & Support Documentation Enterprise Integrations Dashboards Company Work at Better Stack Engineering Security Resources Help & Support Documentation Enterprise Integrations Dashboards Community What Is Incident Management? Beginner’s Guide Best Datadog Alternatives to Consider in 2026 8 Best Free & Open Source Status Page Tools in 2026 13 Best Sentry Alternatives in 2026 15 Best Grafana Alternatives in 2026 The 10 Best Incident.io Alternatives in 2026 5 Most Used Incident Management Tools Incident management meets observability. +1 (628) 900-3830 hello@betterstack.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy GDPR System status © 2025 Better Stack, Inc. Please accept cookies We use cookies to authenticate users, improve the product user experience, and for personalized ads . Learn more. Deny Accept required Accept all