Business Software for Small Businesses & Startups | bexio MENU Features Prices Why bexio? Marketplace 60+ apps that extend bexio functions. Academy From helpful software training to exciting customer events. Industries The perfect business software for your industry. Setup services An effective team bexio in 1 minute Help to get going Support Login Free trial A Mobilière company BECOME A PARTNER MARKETPLACE FIND A FIDUCIARY ABOUT US CONTACT LOGIN 40% discount for new customers: Your No. 1 business software for successful Swiss SMEs! Code: bx40 . Benefit now Don't make things complicated! SME administration made easy . More than 90'000 companies are already convinced by bexio – the simple business software for the self-employed, small businesses and start-ups 4.0 rating from over 1715 Google reviews Free trial bexio explained in 1 minute Bye-bye paperwork – bexio makes your administration easy Lacking the time for new orders and marketing? No overview of your reams of invoices? No patience for accounting? bexio offers all the functions needed to successfully run a company: from intuitive contact management and preparation of offers with an individual design, to quickly created invoices with automatic reminders and an e-banking interface. Save time Automation saves up to 12 hours of office work per month. Feed your piggy bank Reduce your annual fiduciary costs by a third. Swiss Made Software Your data will be stored securely in Switzerland. Free 24/7 support Expert advice and support that is here for you – without hidden costs. The solution for all those who have spent too much time on accounting. bexio offers all the functions you need for your business. Contact management – your personal CRM Sales process – from quotation to invoice Expense management – process your expenses and receipts in an orderly manner Accounting – annual financial statements made easy Payroll accounting – optimised for Swiss small businesses E-banking – automatic reconciliation with a bank account Additional features – customised and for every need Test it 30 days for free Learn more about all features More than 90'000 self-employed people, small businesses and start-ups already trust bexio Fredy Espejo Januar Designbüro GmbH Being a small design agency, time is precious and staying on top of everything is crucial. bexio makes accounting simple and easy to use. That leaves more space for creativity. Matthias König Wood Room GmbH I can focus all of my efforts on my work and my clients. bexio helps me stay on top of the administrative side of business. Mitch Müller & Sheila Aguilar CEO & CFO, MECOS BOARDS Review With bexio we have found a Swiss business software that relieves our finance management with its automated accounting and at the same time convinces with a top service. Discover bexio Pay now – Easy payment & automatic posting bexio Pay smart expense management offers you fully automated and contactless posting of your expenses and expenditures. Automate your expense processing and save valuable time. Say goodbye to private expenses and manual billing. Maintain a complete overview of all expenses at all times. Save money thanks to no-fee foreign currency payments. Discover bexio Pay now You too can rely on bexio like our more than 90'000 satisfied companies Business Profile Reviews rating from over 1715 Google reviews 4.0 Strong partners As a bexio customer you benefit from the cooperation with our reliable partners. Test out bexio now for 30 days free of charge and with no obligation Test all the features of bexio, the simple business software for your SME administration. Free trial Any more questions? Give us a call: +41 71 552 00 61 You'd rather write? [email protected] Features & Prices Overview of features Prices Contact management Sales process and expense management Banking Accounting Payroll accounting bexio Go mobile app bexio Pay Company About us Timeline Product Update News Jobs & career Contact Campus Quickstart guide for customers Free 24/7 support Academy - Events, webinars & more Customer Success Stories Fiduciary Login bexio Cockpit Further Marketplace Find Fiduciary Developer API Industries Partner programmes Switzerland (English) Schweiz (Deutsch) Suisse (Français) Svizzera (Italiano) Policies & GTC Privacy Policy Imprint © bexio AG 2025 Close + Free 24/7 support Data stored securely in Switzerland More than 90'000 customers swiss made software Start a free 30-day trial with no obligation Hello free time! Start directly – no installation & payment needed. Firstname Lastname Area Code + Phone Number Email Start a free trial now Cancel Your personal information is stored securely in Switzerland. See our privacy policy for more details. Close + Congratulations! Just one more click... We have sent you an email to {email} . Simply click on the confirmation link to enjoy a non-binding 30-day trial of bexio free of charge! If you have not received the email, please check your spam folder. Close Close + Sorry - something didn't work properly. An error occurred when registering your details. Please try again, and if the problem persists, please contact our support team at [email protected] or call +41 (0)71 552 00 61 . Try again