24/7 Support for Anxiety, Depression and Suicide Prevention. - Beyond Blue This website uses Google Tag Manager. Please enable JavaScript to take full advantage of the features. SEARCH Urgent help Urgent help Get support Talk to a counsellor today Visit our forums Get a mental health coach Find a mental health professional Support someone Helplines and support groups Before Blue workplace wellbeing program for businesses Talk to a counsellor today Visit our forums Get a mental health coach Find a mental health professional Support someone Helplines and support groups Before Blue workplace wellbeing program for businesses Learn about mental health Anxiety Depression Look after your wellbeing Mental health information in your language Tools and quizzes Stories to inspire you Resource library Statistics Prevent suicide Anxiety Depression Look after your wellbeing Mental health information in your language Tools and quizzes Stories to inspire you Resource library Statistics Prevent suicide Get involved Fundraise Partner with us Volunteer with us Events Coastrek Speakers Program Blue Voices Fundraise Partner with us Volunteer with us Events Coastrek Speakers Program Blue Voices About Our strategy Our funding Board of Directors Annual reports Our work with First Nations Peoples Policy and advocacy Research & evaluation Media Careers Contact Us Our strategy Our funding Board of Directors Annual reports Our work with First Nations Peoples Policy and advocacy Research & evaluation Media Careers Contact Us Donate Urgent help Here’s to a mentally healthy 2026, beyond New Year’s Eve This year, Beyond Blue invites everyone to take the pressure off and set smaller, easier intentions every day for mental wellbeing. Because mental health isn’t about big resolutions – it’s a daily practice. Let’s ring in the new year with some healthy resolutions Beyond Blue stands with the Jewish community after Bondi If you’ve been affected by the distressing events at Bondi Beach, we’re here for you with free, 24/7 support. Whenever you’re ready, reach out. You’re not alone. Find support information Beyond Blue supports community after Bondi attack How else can we help you? Social media’s changing – here’s what it means for mental health Australia’s new social media age restrictions aim to protect young people online. We break down what’s changing, why it matters, and how families and caregivers can keep wellbeing front and centre. Learn about the new law and how to adapt Tears welled in my eyes. My heart raced... I thought I was having a medical emergency. I thought I was dying. The great irony was that to anyone just walking past, all they would have seen was a girl standing in a foyer. - Milli describes what a panic attack feels like Browse stories from others Upcoming Beyond Blue events From volunteering to fundraising, there are many ways to get involved. Together, we can help all people in Australia achieve their best possible mental health. View all events Beyond Blue Community Champion Flexible timing Join Beyond Blue’s Community Champions – Volunteers who make a real difference by supporting the community and sharing their lived experience or caring for someone with experiencing mental health challenges, on our online Forums. Head Office Volunteer Tuesdays – various dates We are so fortunate to have wonderful community members who choose to raise funds for Beyond Beyond through competing in various challenging events. We want to ensure they know how valued they are, and we need your help! This website has been established to provide information about anxiety, depression and suicide to the Australian community. The website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. You should seek the advice of an appropriately qualified healthcare professional before making decisions about your own circumstances. You should not disregard professional medical advice, or delay seeking it, because of any information contained on this website. Subscribe to receive info about mental health, keeping well and stories from our community. Subscribe to newsletter Back to top About Media Careers Contact us Get involved Mental health at work Mental health in education Mental health in the home As an organisation that supports people from across Australia, Beyond Blue acknowledges the Traditional Owners and Custodians of Country and their continuing connection to land, waters and community. We pay respect to Elders past and present. First Nations Peoples are advised that this website may include reference to and images of deceased persons. Beyond Blue is committed to safe inclusive spaces, policies and services for people of LGBTIQ+ communities and their families. Learn more about how we support First Nations people Discover how we support the LGBTIQ+ community Premier partners Copyright © 2025 Beyond Blue Ltd All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy policy Charter of rights Site map