Believe - Serving independent artists and labels at each stage of their career and development Skip to main content Main Our Activities TuneCore Believe Label & Artist Solutions Believe Artist Services Sentric Believe Music Publishing Local presence About Our company Our governance Our manifesto Our Impact Newsroom Careers Contact Search English Français Close Believe expands expertise in deep data marketing with the appointment of Darya Pourshasb as Chief Marketing Officer and the acquisition of her company, ampd Method 'Alibi' finds a new voice in India Sevdaliza, Pabllo Vittar & Yseult Join Forces with Jonita Gandhi and Rusha & Blizza for a Cross-Cultural Reimagination 6 Believe artists to watch out this fall 2025 Warm up your fall playlist with our selection of Believe and Tunecore artists! Trending In: Central Europe Catch up on the latest music hits from Central Europe Our bespoke solutions for artists & labels TuneCore empowers artists to grow their careers, reach more listeners, and maximize earnings—without giving up control of their music. Through a powerful ecosystem of services and resources, TuneCore helps you build a sustainable, high-earning career on your own terms. Read More Thanks to its content distribution and marketing platform powered by a team of experts in artist development, Believe L&AS allows artists and labels to build, engage and monetise their audience on streaming, video and social media channels. Read More A wide-ranging roster of artists and labels spanning across all music genres: we leverage our solutions towards independent artists eager to reach local audiences as well as global success. Read More Sentric Music puts songwriters first, offering the fairest publishing deal in the music industry. Sentric’s transparent 28-day publishing contract allows songwriters to retain control of their music and tap into a powerful, international, infrastructure including direct royalty collection and sync services. Read More Believe Music Publishing empowers songwriters and rights-holders with transparency, fairness, and global publishing expertise. Our 160+ specialists drive value through creative, sync, and revenue optimization, while best-in-class collection capabilities and advanced technology ensure higher royalties, faster payments, and full transparency for our clients. Read More Developing local music and talents across the world Believe is focused on helping local artists around the world grow their career. Our local teams are experts on their field, well connected in the local music ecosystem and passionate about the rich diversity of their local music scene. See how we’re close to local music creation Career accelerator for tomorrow’s music industry What Believers enjoy most is that we dare, try and learn together. And we’re always looking for new talent all over the world to be part of shaping the future of music. Interested in joining the Believers community and contributing to changing the music industry? You can find all of our current job openings on our new Careers site. You can also learn about our values and commitments, and meet the Believers who contribute to our diversity and success. Apply to our job offers worldwide Our mission is to best serve local artists and labels at each stage of their development in the digital ecosystem, with fairness, expertise, respect and transparency. We address the needs of all artists and labels equally – respecting their independence, informing their decision-making and innovating to grow their visibility, career and income. We offer a wide range of services based on cutting-edge technology, drawing on strong relationships with our key partners: artists, labels, producers, as well as digital streaming services, video & social media platforms. Footer TuneCore Label & Artist Solutions Artist Services Believe Music Publishing Sentric Local presence Our company Our governance Our manifesto Our Impact Newsroom Finance Careers Contact Social LinkedIn Youtube Instagram Legal Links © 2025 Believe Legal Ethics & Compliance Gender Equality Index Content ID Believe in Figures Contact Cookie Settings