Bern University of Applied Sciences | BFH Bern University of Applied Sciences en DE FR EN Bern University of Applied Sciences Homepage News Overview News + Stories Events Information events Magazines, blogs + podcasts Studies Overview All degree programmes Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Preparatory Courses + Passerelle Scheme BFH diagonal + additional certificates International study Study at BFH Studies + Life Continuing education Overview All our continuing education courses CAS DAS MAS + EMBA Specialist Courses + SAS Courses + Study trips About our continuing education programme Research + Consulting services Overview Areas of research Research collaborations with BFH Projects Publications Research report International research Research guidelines Entrepreneurship Consulting services Strategic thematic fields Overview Caring Society Humane Digital Transformation Sustainable development About BFH Overview People Finder Profile + Values Management, Organisation + Legal foundations Strategy 2023 - 2026 Facts + Figures Site consolidation Locations + Facilities Careers Services + Counselling Login An Engaged University Schools School of Architecture, Wood and Civil Engineering School of Health Professions School of Agricultural, Forest and Food Sciences HAFL Bern Academy of the Arts Social Work School of Engineering and Computer Science Business School Swiss Federal Institute of Sport Magglingen SFISM Jobs Contact Login Locations Team Management and Central Library Services IT information Alumni BFH Media Global engagement Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Enter a search term Clear search term frontend.search.sendSearch Information events Inform and register now prev next Studies with a practical focus Find out about 33 bachelor's and 27 master's degree programmes prev next Continuing education: the key to success Current CAS, DAS and EMBA/MAS programmes prev next Information events Inform and register now See table of contents See table of contents Our degree programmes Our continuing education courses Our research expertise News + Events View all: News Events No results match your request. News Inspiring Encounters and Strengthened Partnerships: BFH International Staff Week 2025 30.12.2025 Representatives from European partner universities discovered BFH as a place of learning, teaching, research, and innovation. They visited BFH campuses, laboratories, and research infrastructures in the... News The Canton of Bern increases university tuition fees 24.11.2025 Bern University of Applied Sciences is introducing higher tuition fees for the autumn semester 2026/27, thus implementing a political decision of the Canton. Story Well equipped for Sustainability 2.0 11.09.2025 A competitive advantage rather than a moral imperative: the discourse on sustainability has evolved. What are the implications for the training of skilled workers? Discover the MAS Sustainable Transformation. Story “We need more passion for the future” 02.09.2025 Sustainable transformation is essential, both for society and for BFH. Sustainability experts Nicola Blum and Manuel Fischer explain why this is a pressing issue. News BFH launches SAS courses 14.08.2025 Bern University of Applied Sciences BFH will accept applications for its new continuing education programmes, the Short Advanced Studies (SAS), from 18 August. The first SAS programmes begin in autumn 2025. Story Communicating the patient journey visually 11.08.2025 The design prototype by Michaël Laurac and Jimmy Schmid shows how patient data visualisation can simplify communication between health professionals and patients and make decisions easier. News Launch of Hello Robot: an exhibition with the wow factor 08.08.2025 The ‘Hello Robot’ travelling exhibition opened on 7 August 2025 at the Coop shopping centre in Biel/Bienne. Visitors experience in an interactive and playful manner what it means to collaborate with robots. Story Enhancing togetherness in western Bern with a variety of campaigns 18.07.2025 Participation and a lively community instead of anonymous coexistence. A BFH project is using creative and artistic approaches to promote dialogue and engagement in Bümpliz and Bethlehem. Story How plywood board is being made more sustainable 14.07.2025 The binders used in wood-based materials such as plywood are often based on petroleum products and usually contain formaldehyde. BFH researchers are currently developing an alternative made from minerals... More results View all: News Events Close Share Click here to copy the link. On offer Studies Continuing education Locations + Facilites Team Management and Central Library Services Locations Contacts IT information Media News + Events News + Stories Events References Prizes + Awards About BFH People Finder Management, Organisation + Legal foundations Schools Jobs © Bern University of Applied Sciences 2026 Imprint Legal Notices Basket The product has been added to your basket. Go to top