Skip to content
Watch and discover
Open submenu
Learning and training
Open submenu
Funding and industry
Open submenu
Become a MemberShop
Discover the world of cinema with the BFI
What’s on at BFI Southbank

Four screens open seven days a week for the widest choice of great films.

Find out more
Avatar: Fire and Ash (3D) at BFI IMAX

James Cameron returns to Pandora for a third adventure, this time set amid the fire of nature at its most elemental.

Find out more
See something different

Stream hand-picked films from £6.99 per month.

Start with 14 days free
Uncommon Threads

Our partner Sofas & Stuff invite you to enjoy some of their favourite films on BFI Player, revealing the uncommon threads that make their festive season special.

Subscription free for 14 days, then £6.99 a month – cancel anytime. But anyone who makes a purchase or requests a quote from Sofas & Stuff between 15 December 2025 and 6 February 2026 can claim a £15 discount on an annual subscription.

Find out more
BFI Replay

A new free-to-access digital archive exclusively available in UK public lending libraries. Discover thousands of digitised videos and television programmes from the 1960s to the 2010s, offering a glimpse into Britain’s past, its people and places.

Find out more
The Greatest Films of All Time issue

Once a decade the magazine asks critics to select the best films ever made. Explore the results in a special edition.

Subscribe now
Features and reviews
Obituaries
Brigitte Bardot obituary: French star who redefined female sexuality on screen

Bardot became a global icon of post-war France. From her scandalous breakthrough in And God Created Woman and the ensuing Bardomania, her bold, brazen screen image embodied a new freedom and made her a much scrutinised celebrity.

By Ginette Vincendeau

Lists
Brigitte Bardot (1934 to 2025): 5 films to remember her by

By Ginette Vincendeau

Then and now
Ghost Stories for Christmas: how TV’s most haunting locations look today

By Adam Scovell

Object of the week
Object of the week: Mid-century Christmas card designs by Ealing Studios

By Kay Eldridge

Interviews
Avatar costume designer Deborah L. Scott on creating costumes for CGI: “I started off dropping things in a fishtank”

By Scarlett Harris

Lists
24 films to watch on TV this Christmas

By David Parkinson

Polls
The best films of 2025 – all the votes
See more articles
Sign up to BFI news emails

Get the latest UK-wide updates, including screenings in your area.

Email
Sign up
By signing up to emails you are indicating that you have read and agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.
Events

The star and director-producer-writer of one of the most critically-acclaimed films of the year visit BFI IMAX to introduce a special screening of One Battle After Another.

More on YouTube
Watch archive collections

The BFI National Archive has one of the most important film and TV collections in the world.

Choose from a selection of 11,000 titles that cover 120 years of British life, and the history and art of film.

Explore
Screen Culture 2033

Our Screen Culture 2033 strategy for the BFI and ten-year National Lottery funding strategy from 2023 to 2033.

Find out more
Commercial and licensing
BFI distribution
Archive content sales and licensing
Venue hire
BFI book releases and trade sales
Selling to the BFI
Commercial partnerships and consultancy
Join and support
Become a Member
Become a Patron
Using your BFI Membership
Corporate support
Trusts and foundations
Make a donation
About the BFI
Strategy and policy
Press releases and media enquiries
Jobs and opportunities
Contact us
Watch film
BFI Player
Watch at home
BFI Southbank
London SE1 8XT
Box office 11am to 8:45pm
BFI IMAX
London SE1 8XR
Opens 30 minutes before first screening
British Film Institute

We are a cultural charity, a National Lottery funding distributor, and the UK’s lead organisation for film and the moving image.

Supported by
BFI privacy policyCookie policyModern Slavery Act statementSite mapSocial media guidelinesTerms of useWeb accessibility statement

©2025 British Film Institute. All rights reserved. Registered charity 287780

Cookies on BFI websites

We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We'd like to set additional cookies to understand how you use bfi.org.uk, to deliver content from partner websites, and to help market the BFI's activities.BFI cookies policy

Cookie settings Accept cookies
Continue without Accepting