BIBB / Home Zur Hauptnavigation springen . Zum Seiteninhalt springen . BP: Deutsch DE Contact Search Search Search items search The BIBB The Topics Our Services Search Search Search items search Germany’s vocational education and training system In this section you will find information on the German VET system – on its success factors, its structure and components as well as on challenges and future topics for the further development of the system. The German VET System News all articles Wednesday, 17 December 2025 2025 Year in Review: VET Chain – Experiencing sustainability along the supply chain The 2025 Year in Review shows that the VET Chain has established itself as an effective tool for sustainable training. Over 100 participants used the interactive tool in workshops, training courses and continuing education programmes this year. read more Tuesday, 16 December 2025 Continuing education and training needs to become more flexible National Skills Strategy partners signalled their joint commitment to the further development of continuing education and training in Germany. The aim is to further establish lifelong learning as a natural component of the work environment and of everyday life in Germany. read more Tuesday, 9 December 2025 Transatlantic dialogue on the future of vocational training The second transatlantic dialogue on vocational education and training took place in November. One year after Donald Trump's election as US President, this expert exchange focused on the future of vocational education and training, as well as opportunities for more in-depth collaboration. read more at GOVET.international Friday, 21 November 2025 Global Skills Forum in Malaysia The Federal Institute for Vocational Education and Training (BIBB) presented findings from German TVET practice and BIBB research during a high-level conference hosted by Malaysia in the context of the ASEAN Year of Skills 2025. Over 500 participants from more than 50 countries exchanged views. read more Thursday, 20 November 2025 Workshops for vocational training staff in Costa Rica – Qualification of in-company training staff In 2025, GOVET launched a series of qualification courses for in-vocational training staff in Costa Rica. The focus lies on different topics– tailored to the practical conditions of dual vocational training in Costa Rica. read more Thursday, 13 November 2025 Silver anniversary in international VET cooperation 20 years of the Global HR Forum, 25 years of cooperation between the BIBB and the Korean Research Institute for Vocational Education and Training (KRIVET). The growing influence of AI in VET systems worldwide formed the backdrop to this year's Global HR Forum in South Korea. read more Monday, 10 November 2025 European Micro Credential Days at the BIBB An expert discussion was held in November to discuss the transformative potential of micro credentials in VET. Participants from Armenia, Ukraine, the Western Balkans, Sweden, Croatia and Germany discussed the expected benefits, implementation challenges and strategic approaches. read more Wednesday, 5 November 2025 Alliance for dual VET in Latin America VET institutions from around 15 countries met in Rio de Janeiro for the Alliance for dual VET in Latin America and the Caribbean conference, hosted by the Brazilian VET service SENAC. The conference provided a platform for voices from practice, employers, and science. read more Friday, 31 October 2025 Should I stay or should I go? Migration conference Uzbekistan The further development of vocational education and training (VET) in Uzbekistan and options for skilled labour migration to Germany were key topics discussed during this closing project conference organized by GIZ. Birgit Thomann (BIBB) was invited to give the keynote speech of this conference. read more Monday, 27 October 2025 Launch of BMBFSFJ Initiative at Global TVET Forum From 28 to 30 October, UNESCO-UNEVOC, ILO, ETF and OECD will present their contributions to the ‘Towards a Global TVET Agenda’ Initiative. BIBB is working with multilateral partners on behalf of the BMBFSFJ. Follow the launch via livestream! read more Monday, 20 October 2025 „Dual VET in transformation“ From 22 October, VET institutions from numerous Latin American countries will gather in Rio de Janeiro. They will exchange views on current challenges in the implementation of dual training programmes. BIBB is organising the conference together with its local partners. read more Thursday, 16 October 2025 Boosting innovation in vocational training International providers presented their innovative vocational training projects at a BIBB roadshow in the Philippine capital Manila. Among other things, visitors were able to experience AI-supported role-playing games, virtual shipping training and the repair of electric cars using a digital twin. read more Wednesday, 15 October 2025 Towards a Global TVET Agenda Targeted strategic cooperation with multilateral organizations and regional partners worldwide will strengthen Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET). What exactly is behind the "Towards a Global TVET Agenda" Initiative? read more Thursday, 2 October 2025 BIBB International Roadshow Digital Media in TVET 2025 in Manila For the fourth time now, innovative projects will be presenting their digital TVET solutions as part of the International Roadshow. The event will be held on October 9, 2025, in cooperation with the Philippine partner institute TESDA. read more Monday, 1 September 2025 EU Commission sets out new priorities for VET In March this year the European Commission published its “Union of Skills” strategy. The main content focuses include the role of initial and continuing VET with regard to the development of sustainable competitiveness and for the purpose of securing availability of skilled workers. read more Wednesday, 27 August 2025 Five promising start-ups selected BIBB and its Brazilian partner SENAI promote projects for digital innovation in VET. The winning start-ups were selected in an international call from a total of 18 projects from Latin America, North America, Africa and Europe. read more Tools Frequently Asked Questions VET Glossary Publications The most frequently asked questions regarding the German VET System, the recognition of qualifications or on how to start a career in Germany will be answered here. read more The glossary is a source for terms and definitions which are used in the field of vocational education and training. Emphasis is placed on its usage in the context of the German dual system. The VET Glossary is a work in progress and updated and expanded on an ongoing basis. read more The BIBB publishes its research and work results in different series. You will find all BIBB publications in the index of publications. A selection of publications is available in English. read more Videos Click to BIBB-YouTube-channel VET on the move: Technical Terminology for Healthcare Professionals from India (Video on YouTube) GOVET spoke with trainees and skilled workers about permeability in vocational education and training (Testimonial playlist on YouTube) Statements on the COVID-19 pandemic - Theory-Interview with Prof. Frédéric Lebaron on Corona and Technology Assessment (Video on YouTube) iMOVE Online Presentation: Bridging Courses for India (Video on YouTube) Publications Quality Assurance in Company-Based Practice – Planning and Structuring of In-company Training by Way of the Example of the Occupation of Office Manager The present study looks at the instruments and procedures deployed by companies to ensure successful training in the occupation of office manager. The investigation facilitates an insight into the specific design and use of planning and structural tools in training practice. Alongside the mandatory elements of the company training plan and the report booklet, these include further voluntary evaluation and feedback measures. 238 telephone-based interviews with training management departments and 13 company case studies relating to the occupation of office manager were evaluated in the study. The three areas of training – the crafts, trade and industry and the public sector – were compared with one another. read more Methods of competence assessment in vocational education and training (VET) in Germany - A systematic review The present study provides a systematic overview of the methods of competence assessment in German vocational education and training (VET). To this end, 58 publications from the years 2001 to 2017 have been reviewed regarding the occupational areas for which assessment instruments were developed, types of competences that were assessed, the types of instruments used to assess the competences and the psychometric properties of these instruments. The results indicate that the instruments described in the reviewed publications particularly address commercial, industrial-technical and health occupations. The majority of the instruments deal with the identification of professional competences (66%), followed by basic (24%) and social/communicative competences (9%). read more VET Data Report Germany 2019 The Data Report of the Federal Institute for Vocational Education and Training (BIBB) provides a comprehensive overview of the actual data on the German Vocational Education and Training system and is published yearly in German. This current English version of the Data Report presents a selection of the most relevant data and analyses of the 2019 Data Report. It contains extensive information and analyses relating to initial and continuing vocational education and training and covers international indicators and benchmarks. The special focus of this Data Report is “Vocational education and training 4.0 – skilled worker qualifications and competencies for the digitalised work of the future”. read more Establishing sustainable learning venues Sustainability is one of the greatest social challenges in this day and age. Climate protection, fair working conditions and responsible neighbourhoods are becoming increasingly important issues for companies. A sustainable in-company learning environment helps employees to develop sustainability-related skills. These skills play a crucial role when it comes to acting in line with the guiding principle of sustainability. Companies are already doing a great deal to increase sustainability. However, there is still substantial potential to do more. This guideline describes four key areas for designing sustainable learning venues with a total of 13 areas of action. It provides practice-oriented suggestions for implementation in companies. The guideline thus not only brings fresh momentum for reporting, but also contributes to anchoring sustainable development more firmly into the structure of initial and continuing vocational education and training at companies. read more Occupational Participation of Persons with Disabilities: Perceptions  and Empirical Evidence The quality of employment of employees with disabilities differs from that of employees without disabilities only for a few selected indicators. This is shown by analyses based on a follow-up survey of the BIBB/BAuA Employment Survey (ETB) 2018. The follow-up survey also includes a survey experiment on the perception of the situation of people with disabilities on the labour market. A significant proportion of respondents misperceive the gap in labour force participation between people with and without disabilities. Employed persons with disabilities assess the labour market integration of persons with disabilities to be worse when they are informed about the actual gap in labour market participation. read more Miscellaneous Covid-19 BIBB is addressing the possible impacts which the coronavirus crisis may have on VET and on development on the labour and training market. read more Frequently Asked Questions The most frequently asked questions regarding the German VET System, the recognition of qualifications or on how to start a career in Germany will be answered here. read more Presentation on VET in Germany The presentation shows how the different stakeholders shape and drive Dual VET at the key "joints" of a vocational training system. Download presentation DQR With the help of the German Qualifications Framework (DQR) training content becomes transparent throughout Germany. read more Share content LinkedIn Bluesky Email Copy link Link copied to clipboard! The BIBB About us Management and organisation Board and committees Contact and Directions The Topics Occupations Practice and programmes Research International vocational training Transitions to training and work Vocational training Qualifications and competence development Continuing vocational training Data and educational reporting The German VET system Our Service Press Newsletter Social media Events Publications and library FAQ’s Feedback Contact Imprint Privacy policy Cookie settings The Federal Institute for Vocational Education and Training is an independent federal institution established under public law.