Online Bible Commentary | BibleRef.com Light Dark Font Family Default Arial Verdana Helvetica Tahoma Georgia Times New Roman Font Size Default 1.0 1.2 1.5 2 Facebook X Pinterest Email Bible Version ESV NIV NASB CSB NLT KJV NKJV Book Select Book Genesis Exodus Leviticus Numbers Deuteronomy Joshua Judges Ruth 1 Samuel 2 Samuel 1 Kings 2 Kings 1 Chronicles 2 Chronicles Ezra Nehemiah Esther Job Psalms Proverbs Ecclesiastes Song of Solomon Isaiah Jeremiah Lamentations Ezekiel Daniel Hosea Joel Amos Obadiah Jonah Micah Nahum Habakkuk Zephaniah Haggai Zechariah Malachi Matthew Mark Luke John Acts Romans 1 Corinthians 2 Corinthians Galatians Ephesians Philippians Colossians 1 Thessalonians 2 Thessalonians 1 Timothy 2 Timothy Titus Philemon Hebrews James 1 Peter 2 Peter 1 John 2 John 3 John Jude Revelation An Online Bible Commentary You Can Understand . Welcome to BibleRef.com, the free online Bible study site. Our goal is to provide easy-to-understand discussion of the Scriptures, without relying on jargon or slogans. Here, you can find book-by-book, chapter-by-chapter, and verse-by-verse commentary on the entire Bible (eventually). At the same time, you’ll find links to related passages and biblical themes. These connections will help to show how the Scriptures fit together. BibleRef.com is guided by three major principles: Biblical Authority, Accessibility, and Discipleship. In short, we believe that the Bible is the most critical resource in the life of a Christian. We believe that each person has the ability, and responsibility, to understand the Scriptures. And, we believe in promoting a whole-person commitment to Christianity, including thoughts, deeds, and actions. New content is constantly under development, so feel free to subscribe for updates. Have a look around, and thanks again for visiting BibleRef.com ! What's New? BibleRef.com publishes new content twice a month, or about every two weeks. Here are the most recent resources published, as of December 15th, 2025: Book of Exodus Chapter-level commentary now complete for the book of Exodus! Book of 1 Samuel Chapter-level commentary now complete for the book of 1 Samuel! Chapter Commentary on 1 Samuel, chapter 29 Chapter Commentary on 1 Samuel, chapter 30 Commentary on 1 Samuel, chapter 31 Book of 2 Samuel Commentary on 2 Samuel, chapter 6 Commentary on 2 Samuel, chapter 7 Chapter Commentary on 2 Samuel, chapter 8 Chapter Commentary on 2 Samuel, chapter 9 Chapter Commentary on 2 Samuel, chapter 10 Commentary on 2 Samuel, chapter 11 Commentary on 2 Samuel, chapter 12 Book of Isaiah Chapter Commentary on the book of Isaiah, chapter 29 Recientemente disponible en español Libro de Filemon Libro de Santiago Libro de 1 Pedro Libro de 2 Pedro What is the Gospel? Download the app: