Used Books and Rare Books from Antiquarian Booksellers BIBLIO is the largest independent book marketplace in the world, with over 100 million books. This website uses cookies. We value your privacy and use cookies to remember your shopping preferences and to analyze our website traffic. Manage your privacy settings . Agree and Close Skip to content Sign In or Create Account US$ Your current ship-to country is set to Korea (South) and your currency is set to US Dollars. Help You have 0 items in your cart. 0 Toggle book search form. Select type of book search you would like to make. Search by Keyword Search by Title Search by Author Search by ISBN Enter terms or ISBN you wish to find More search options Click to open or close main menu Search Browse books Browse all categories Used books Discount books Rare books Award-Winning Books Reading Nook Biography: general Graphic novels, Comic books, Manga, Cartoons Poetry Children's / Teenage: General interest History Romance Christianity Fiction: general and literary Science fiction Fantasy Cookery / food and drink / food writing Crime and mystery fiction Sports and Active outdoor recreation Handicrafts, decorative arts and crafts Hobbies Health, Relationships and Personal development Textbooks Rare books Browse Rare Books First Editions Signed Books Book Collecting Glossary First Edition Identification Book Value Children's Books Antiquarian Books Business, Finance and the Law Cooking, Gardening and Domestic Arts Ephemera Everything Else History Literature Religion, Philosophy and Metaphysics Science, Technology and Transportation Signed Books, Documents and Manuscripts Social Sciences, Biography and Genealogy Sports, Games and Recreation The Arts The Art of the Book Travel and Exploration Records, Tapes and Wax Cylinders Animals and Animalia Promotions Bibliophiles Club BIBLIO for Libraries Gift Certificates Discount books Free Shipping Bookstores Sell books US$ Your current ship-to country is set to Korea (South) and your currency is set to US Dollars. Search for Used Books and Rare Books from Independent Booksellers Author Title Keywords or ISBN One of these fields is required. Hardcover First Edition Signed Highest price first Advanced Search Modern firsts: 21st-century books you should add to your collection To mark the first 25 years of this century, we have gathered a list of some of the most celebrated books published since 2000. Here are some suggestions to either catch up on popular 21st-century novels or invest in future classics. Read more about this item BIBLIO: The smart way to buy used books Whether looking for bestsellers, vintage paperbacks, or cheap textbooks, BIBLIO is the best spot to find used books online while supporting independent used bookstores. Read more about this item We’re getting the “banned” back together Many classic books have been challenged, banned, and censored throughout history. We want to celebrate the freedom to read by gathering a list of well-known books that have struggled to tell their stories. Read more about this item Collecting Patricia Highsmith beyond the Ripley novels Discover the intrigue of the queen of the psychological thriller, Patricia Highsmith. Read more Your ultimate Tolkien Collecting Guide is here. The rarest and most valuable of all Tolkien books may surprise you! Read on for a brief history of Tolkien and an extensive history of his publications, along with resources for Tolkienists. Read Now Previous Next Best Selling Biographies & Memoirs Grab a seat and get ready to be inspired and amazed with these captivating stories of history’s most fascinating figures. Browse Biographies & Memoirs Gifted Hands Carson- Ben/ Murphey- Cecil Mass Market Paperbound (1996-11-01) Prices starting at $2.06 Shop This Edition View All Editions American Nightingale Bob Welch Paperback (2005-06-01) Prices starting at $3.99 Shop This Edition View All Editions The Measure Of a Man Sidney Poitier Paperback (2007-01-01) Prices starting at $1.01 Shop This Edition View All Editions The Pact Lisa Frazier Page Rameck Hunt George Jenkins Sampson Davis Paperback (2003-05-01) Prices starting at $1.00 Shop This Edition View All Editions Call the Midwife Jennifer Worth Paperback (2013-01-01) Prices starting at $5.35 Shop This Edition View All Editions Tender Bar J R Moehringer Paperback (2006-12-01) Prices starting at $5.04 Shop This Edition View All Editions Best Selling Mystery & Crime Books Break out your armchair sleuthing skills with these page turners that will keep you guessing from start to finish. Browse Mystery & Crime Books Cyclops Clive Cussler Mass Market Paperbound (2019-04-01) Prices starting at $4.00 Shop This Edition View All Editions The Woman In the Window A J Finn Paperback (2018-12-01) Prices starting at $1.50 Shop This Edition View All Editions Void Moon Michael Connelly Paperback (2017-06-01) Prices starting at $5.12 Shop This Edition View All Editions Easy Prey John Sandford Mass Market Paperbound (2015-11-01) Prices starting at $3.75 Shop This Edition View All Editions Silent Prey John Sandford Mass Market Paperbound (2008-11-01) Prices starting at $3.75 Shop This Edition View All Editions Pale Kings & Princes Robert B Parker Mass Market Paperbound (1993-05-01) Prices starting at $6.41 Shop This Edition View All Editions Uncommonly Good Books Biblio offers over 100 million used books and rare books by working with the finest booksellers in the world. Read more about this item Are you a frequent reader or book collector? Join the Bibliophile's Club and save up to 10% on every purchase, every day — up to $20 savings per order! Read more about this item Social Responsibility Did you know that since 2004, Biblio has used its profits to build 16 public libraries in rural villages of South America? Read about Biblio’s EPIC bottom line. Rare & Collectible Travel Books Join history’s greatest explorers with these fascinating antique and collectible books from our Travel and Exploration rare book room. Browse Rare and Collectible Travel Books More Photos TRAVELS IN NORTH AMERICA 2 VOLUME SET During the Years 1834, 1835, & 1836. Including a Summer Residence with the Pawnee Tribe of Indians, in the Remote Prairies of the Missouri, and a Visit to Cuba and the Azore Islands by Charles Augustus Murray First Edition Condition Used Edition First Edition; First Printing Published 1839 Binding Hardcover Quantity Available 1 Seller Rare Book Cellar Pomona, New York, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $1,649.95 $10.95 shipping to USA Item Price $1,649.95 $10.95 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: London: Richard Bentley, 1839. First Edition; First Printing. Hardcover. Both volumes Very Good in a Very Good+ slipcase. Light rubbing along panel edges. Both volumes' hinges repaired. More Photos Narrative of a pedestrian journey through Russia and Siberian Tartary, from the frontiers of China to the Frozen Sea and Kamtchatka by COCHRANE, John Dundas Condition Used - Near Fine Published 1825 Binding Leather; tight and secure Quantity Available 1 Seller Schilb Antiquarian Rare Books COLUMBIA, Missouri, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $750.00 FREE shipping to USA Item Price $750.00 FREE shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: 1825 – John Cochrane Voyages in Russia | China Siberia Irkutsk Kamchatka, 2v Set John Cochrane was an early 19th-century Royal Navy officer who is best-known for his voyages across Russia. In response to being denied the opportunity to explore the River Niger, Cochrane decided to walk from Europe to North American by way of Russia and Kamchatka. This journey took him through France, St. Petersburg, Mongolia, Irkutsk, and many other places. In 1823, Cochrane published a narrative account of his voyage which went through numerous editions because of its popularity. 'Narrative of a Pedestrian Journey' is notable for including descriptions of the local tribes and peoples observed from the voyages of Otto von Kotebue and Ferdinand Vrangel. Condition: Very Good. Bindings tight and secure. Maps and pages appear clean and well preserved; only mild staining or age toning throughout. Item number: #26811 Price: $750 COCHRANE, John Dundas Narrative of a pedestrian journey through Russia and Siberian Tartary, from… Read More More Photos A voyage to the Pacific Ocean. Undertaken by the command of His Majesty for making Discoveries in the Northern Hemisphere by Captain James Cook Condition Used - Near Fine Edition Second Edition Published 1785 Binding Bound by Bayntun Quantity Available 1 Seller Reagan's Rare Books Moseley, Virginia, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $6,500.00 FREE shipping to USA Item Price $6,500.00 FREE shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: London: H. Hughs; G. Nicol; T. Cadell, 1785. Second Edition. Bound by Bayntun. Near Fine. [TRAVEL & EXPLORATION]. COOK, James, Capt. (1728-1779). A voyage to the Pacific Ocean. Undertaken by the command of His Majesty for making Discoveries in the Northern Hemisphere... in His Majesty’s Ships the Resolution and Discovery, in the Years 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779 and 1780. London H. Hughs; G. Nicol; T. Cadell 1785. 3 volumes, 4to (11.25"x9.25"). Engraved medallion vignettes on title-pages, engraved maps and charts (mostly folding), folding letterpress table, without 63 of the plates that were “cautioned” by the publisher to booksellers not to have them bound up but instead issued in a separate volume in folio (not present). Pages bright and clean, light sporadic spotting, offsetting to text from plates. Beautifully bound by Bayntun of Bath, England. Second edition of Cook's Third Voyage, "considered typographically superior to the first edition which was a contemporary opinion borne out from a prese… Read More HIMALAYAN TRAVELS by Singh (T. Jodh Singh Bagli Negi) Condition Used - Very Good Published 1920 Binding Hardcover Quantity Available 1 Seller Gene W. Baade Books on the West Renton, Washington, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $1,500.00 $5.99 shipping to USA Item Price $1,500.00 $5.99 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: Calcutta: Chuckervertty, Chatterjee & Co., Ltd and self-published, 1920. Hardcover. Very Good. 1st printing. Octavo gray cloth with gilt-titles on spine. Pagination: title with self-published statement and printer on verso, dedication and verso blank, Contents with Illustrations (1) - 6, Preface, (i) - iii, Introductory Note (iv) - vi, Portrait of V. A. Stowell, who wrote the Introductory, 1- 298, Errata (A) - E. Illustrated with numerous b/w photos. Two folding maps: "Sobla Slip & Dam" (map of a small lake created by a landslide along the Tejam and Mehia Rivers), also "Map of Pilgrim Route from Hardwar to Gangotari Kedarnath Badarinath / Ramnagar Kathgodam." encompassing Tehri State and Garhwal. This second map has a short split near the gutter. This book is an exquisitely detailed description of the map area including accounts of the residents, landmarks and villages, landforms, roads and trails, and much more. The author was a government employee, a settlement officer of the district defined by the secon… Read More More Photos Across Asia on a Bicycle by Thomas Gaskell Allen, William Lewis Sachtleben First Edition Condition Used - Very Good+ Edition first edition Published 1894 Quantity Available 1 Seller Bonners Books Bonners Ferry, Idaho, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $101.00 FREE shipping to USA Item Price $101.00 FREE shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: Book is in Very Good+ condition; spine has small cock, there is a small mark on the back board, three faint smudges on title page, no other defects noted. Interior is otherwise clean, binding very tight, gilt titles and figures on front and spine bright, gilt on top of page block bright. See photos. More Photos A Narrative of Two Voyages to Hudson's Bay, with Traditions of the North American Indians by Nevins, John First Edition Condition Used - Near Fine Edition First edition Published 1847 Quantity Available 1 Seller Whitmore Rare Books Pasadena, California, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $3,950.00 $15.00 shipping to USA Item Price $3,950.00 $15.00 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: London: The Society For Promoting Christian Knowledge, 1847. First edition. Near Fine. Four engraved plates, one diagram and one chart. A Near Fine copy. Twelvemo. A little spotting internally with a faint partially erased inscription to title. Endpapers renewed. Bound in modern green full morocco with spine lettered and decorated in gilt. Exceedingly scarce in commerce, with only one other copy appearing at auction in the last 50 years (The Siebert/Brooke-Hitching copy, also bound in modern morocco). It is missing from most of the bibliographies one would expect to find it. Nevins was a surgeon with the Hudson's Bay Company, and made two voyages to Hudson's Bay in 1842-43. This work provides an interesting first-hand account of Chippawa, Cree, and Inuit life. Staton & Tremaine Supplement 5352. Near Fine. Rare & Collectible Childrens Books Dive into nostalgia with these timeless old and antique classics for youth and adults alike from our Children’s Books rare book room. Browse Rare and Collectible Childrens Books More Photos McCarthy Scales of Children's Abilities Set -- 1972 Psychological Testing Kit by Dorothea McCarthy Condition Used - Very good. This set is not complete. It lacks at least two elements: a rubber ball and two pieces of cardboard. Minor flaws incl Published 1972 Quantity Available 1 Seller Eclectibles Tolland, Connecticut, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $1,000.00 $3.00 shipping to USA Item Price $1,000.00 $3.00 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: New York, New York: The Psychological Corporation, 1972. Very good. This set is not complete. It lacks at least two elements: a rubber ball and two pieces of cardboard. Minor flaws including light dust soiling, the occasional nick or short tear. One larger tear to inside pocket of case.. The McCarthy Scales of Children's Abilities (MSCA) is a cognitive ability test for children aged 2 through 8 developed by the child psychologist Dorothea Agnes McCarthy in 1972. McCarthy (b.1906) was chiefly interested in speech-language pathology, and was known for her research in language development. There are several components that set apart the MSCA from similar testing kits of the era. First, it aimed to measure cognitive ability rather than "intelligence", and measured strengths and weaknesses more holistically. Second, it focused more on play, and was more engaging with pictures and games. A final composite raw score for the child is calculated from the results of the following eighteen (18) activities: Block Build… Read More More Photos The Wind In The Willows by Kenneth Grahame Condition Used - Very Good Published 1956 Binding Leather bound Quantity Available 1 Seller Imperial Fine Books New York, New York, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $1,800.00 $10.00 shipping to USA Item Price $1,800.00 $10.00 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: London: Methuen & Co, 1956. leather bound. Very Good. Arthur Rackham. Arthur Rackham. leather bound. 1 Volume. Kenneth Grahame. The Wind In The Willows. Illustrated by Arthur Rackham in Color. Bound in Full green polished calf, all edges gilt, raised bands, ornate gilt on spine,three gilt characters to the center of the front cover by Bayntun. Published: London: Methuen & Co. 1956 H:9" W:6" D:1 MINCE PIES FOR CHRISTMAS, and for All Merry Seasons; Consisting of Riddles, Charades, Rebuses, Transpositions, and Queries; Intended to Gratify the Mental Taste, and to Exercise the Ingenuity of Sensible Masters and Misses. By an Old Friend by [ROOSEVELT, Franklin] (PHILLIPS, Eliza; RENIER, Anne; RENIER, Fernand Gabriel) Signed Condition Used - Early owner inscription on front pastedown with an early original drawing on the front endpaper; lacking the noted pages at the Edition New Edition Published 1812 Binding Hardcover Quantity Available 1 Seller Charles Agvent Fleetwood, Pennsylvania, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $1,187.50 $8.00 shipping to USA Item Price $1,187.50 $8.00 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: London: Tabart and Co., 1812. New Edition. Hardcover. Early owner inscription on front pastedown with an early original drawing on the front endpaper; lacking the noted pages at the end. Good. Original maroon roan leather-backed boards (3-1/2" x 5-1/2"); 172 pages (lacking pages 173-186 plus the 6 pages of ads and the rear endpaper). Franklin Delano Roosevelt's copy SIGNED by him on the front pastedown and dated 1926 with the paper label used in Franklin Roosevelt's miniature book collection, this numbered "1021." More Photos High in the Clouds by McCARTNEY, Paul & ARDAGH, Philip & DUNBAR, Geoff Signed First Edition Condition Used - fine Jacket Condition fine Edition First Published 2005 Binding Hardcover ISBN 9780525477334 Quantity Available 1 Seller Argosy Book Store New York, New York, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $2,500.00 $7.00 shipping to USA Item Price $2,500.00 $7.00 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: New York: Dutton Children's Books, 2005. First. hardcover. fine/fine. Geoff Dunbar. Illustrated throughout in color by Dunbar. 96 pages. Small 4to, glossy pictorial boards, matching dust wrapper. New York: Dutton Children's Books, 2005. First edition, first printing. A fine copy in a fine dust wrapper, as new with no flaws. Boldly signed in person by Sir Paul McCartney on the title page (October 3rd event at Barnes & Noble NYC with flyer and two small lobby card posters included). A collaboration with award-winning animator Geoff Dunbar and the best-selling children's author Philip Ardagh -- an adventure novel about the "perils of unchecked global capitalism." More Photos How the Grinch Stole Christmas by Dr. Seuss [Theodor S. Geisel] First Edition Condition Used - Near Fine Jacket Condition Very Good + Edition First edition Published 1957 Quantity Available 1 Seller Whitmore Rare Books Pasadena, California, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $1,850.00 $15.00 shipping to USA Item Price $1,850.00 $15.00 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: New York: Random House, 1957. First edition. Near Fine/Very Good +. A Near Fine copy of the book in a Very Good + dust jacket. Book without any signs of previous ownership, a bright, clean copy. Paper-covered boards and dust jacket with a little rubbing to extremities, spine of dust jacket faded to blue. First issue dust jacket retaining original price and fourteen titles on the rear flap, as well as the advertisement for The Cat in the Hat at $2.00 on the rear panel. A Christmas classic for all ages. Named one of the Top 100 Picture Books of all time by School Library Journal, How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a time-honored story of discovering the true joy of Christmas. Considered one of his best, Dr. Seuss wrote the book in just a few weeks, with his wife, Audrey Geisel, acting as editor. The book would be adapted into a fondly remembered television special in 1966 and a feature film in 2000. “His peculiar and original genius in line and word is always the same, yet, so rich are the variations he p… Read More More Photos Stand Up Math: 180 Fun and Challenging Problems for Kids! ; Level 3 (Level 3 Super Genbius Ages 10 & Up) by Riley, James; Eberts, Marge; Gisler, Peggy Condition Used - Very Good Published 1994 Binding Paperback ISBN 9780673361462 Quantity Available 1 Seller Coffee Cat Books Chapel Hill, North Carolina, USA Seller rating: This seller has earned a 5 of 5 Stars rating from Biblio customers. Item Price $1,377.00 $3.99 shipping to USA Item Price $1,377.00 $3.99 shipping to USA Add to Cart Buy Now Show Details Description: Good Year Books, 1994. paperback. Very Good. 6x0x8. 1995. Learning Resources Inc., Vernon Hills: IL. Very Good. Unmarked. Spiral Softcover. Light shelf wear to spiral softcovers with no rips, tears, or stains. Binding solid & square. Illustrated throughout, 180 fun math problems for kids. Childrenâ€™s math workbook with 180 illustrated challenges that build arithmetic & logic skills. 193pp. Classroom-friendly flip design encourages interactive problem solving. Ships from the USA, quickly and with care. Collecting Signed Books Editions signed or inscribed by the author are among the most desirable copies of a book for most collectors, but collecting signed books can sometimes require some acumen. More on collecting signed books More articles on book collecting Read more about this item Collecting First Edition Books What is a first edition and what makes them collectible? How do you know when you're looking at a first edition? All of these questions and more are answered in our book collecting guide. First edition identification guide Learn about book collecting Book terminology Read more about this item Shop with confidence Carbon Neutral Shipping We offset the carbon emissions on every book shipment. The BIBLIO Guarantee Shop with confidence knowing your purchase will be exactly as described. #fiercelyindie Biblio has been an independent, family, and employee-owned business since our launch in 2003. Sign up for our newsletter and receive coupons via email. Your Email Address Enter Disregard this field Trustpilot Services Your Account Gift Certificates The BIBLIO Guarantee Check Order Status Purchase Orders Coupons & Promos Affiliate Program Help & FAQs About Why Shop at Biblio? Our Story Biblio Staff Jobs at Biblio Our Blog Link to Us Contact Us Social Responsibility EPIC Bottom Line BiblioWorks Carbon Neutral Shipping Resources Book Collecting Book Collecting Glossary Sell Books On Biblio The Auction & Book Sales Archive by BIBLIO (ABSA) Facebook Instagram Bluesky Privacy & Security Website Accessibility Terms & Conditions Site Map Copyright© 2025 Biblio, Inc. All rights reserved. Biblio® is a registered trademark of Biblio, Inc. If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using our website, please call 1-800-813-9432 (U.S.) or 1-828-350-0744 (Outside the U.S.) Monday - Friday 10am-4pm EST or email us anytime for assistance. Visa Mastercard American Express Discover Paypal Apple Pay Google Pay Biblio.com Biblio.co.uk Biblio.es Biblio.de Biblio.com.au Biblio.co.nz Biblio.pt Biblio.sg Biblio.ie Site Preferences × Show Shipping To: Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Azores Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canary Islands Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jan Mayen Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (South) Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Madagascar Madeira Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint-Barthelemy Samoa San Marino Sao Tome And Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Kitts St. Lucia St. Maarten St. Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard Sweden Switzerland Tahiti Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Tuvalu U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Show Prices In: US Dollars (US$) UK Pounds (£) Japanese Yen (¥) Australian Dollars (A$) Canadian Dollars (CA$) Euro (€) New Zealand Dollars (NZ$) Save and Close