Responsible use of your data
We and our 995 partners process your personal data, e.g. your IP-number, using technology such as cookies to store and access information on your device in order to serve personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience research and services development. You have a choice in who uses your data and for what purposes. Your privacy choices are only applicable on this digital property where you have made your choices. You can change or withdraw your consent any time from the Cookie Declaration or by clicking on the Privacy trigger icon.

If you allow, we would also like to:
Collect information about your geographical location which can be accurate to within several meters
Identify your device by actively scanning it for specific characteristics (fingerprinting)
Find out more about how your personal data is processed and set your preferences in the details section.

We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
Platform
Solutions
Resources
English
Login
Get started
Marketing Power
Programmatic advertising in web, mobile apps, CTV and DOOH screens.
Independent self serve platform for agencies, advertisers and integrators.
Maximizing media buyer value since 2012.
Get started
One platform to deliver messages across the marketing funnel

BidTheatre DSP lets you do precision advertising in local, national and global publishers without dealing with logistics of multiple supply relations.

Find and attract your target audience in real time with multiple ad formats across desktop, mobile and tablet devices, and leverage data assets to reduce waste.

Mobile enabled
Multi Formats
Targeting
Reach
Data Driven
Multi Channel & Device
Branding and Awareness
Create awareness of your brand with millions of users in premium publishers and the right digital contexts.
Interest and Desire
Build interest through optimised creatives and tailored messages to your target audience.
Engagement and Conversion
Retarget your site visitors to drive conversion. Use lookalikes to prospect new clients.
BIDTHEATRE DEMAND SIDE PLATFORM
Why BidTheatre?

Use BidTheatre DSP to make sure that your digital media investments are effective. We are approachable, innovative and solution oriented.

Independence

We set out to maximize media buyer value, and believe that mission is incompatible with owning or operating media assets. Believe it or not, but this makes us a rare bird in the ad tech space.

Transparency

We believe that what is measured is improved, and to measure properly, transparency is needed. This is why all costs and fees are always outlined in detail in BidTheatre DSP.

Innovation

We can't stand the ineffective and the bureaucratic. We move forward, build and improve things with an agile no-nonsense mindset that encourages simplicity, understanding and empowerment.

Trusted by marketing professionals
9.6 quality of support score
CHECK REVIEWS ON G2

“BidTheatre is a reliable and innovative partner in the creation and delivery of our data driven advertising campaigns.”

Magnus In de Betou
TBS Mediabyrå
Agency

“Technical platform and expertise, responsiveness and open mindset to new ideas.”

Andreas Ericsson
ADON News
Integrator

“BidTheatre is providing excellent customer service and always looking to improve the partnership!”

Maxime Ament
Dustin
Advertiser
Partners

BidTheatre integrates with the world’s top supply side platforms to access local, national and global publishers.

READ MORE ABOUT OUR SUPPLY SIDE PLATFORM PARTNERS
Want to learn more?

Do you want to request a demo, trial login, or talk to a sales representative?

Get started
Marcus Johansson
CEO
Daniel Wallin
Account executive
Peter Karlsson
Country Manager
Subscribe to our newsletter
Keep up to date with our news and useful tips.
Frequently asked questions
01
Can I reach all nordic Publishers?

Yes, all the well known ones, and most of the others as well.

02
How is BidTheatre optimizing advertising budgets?

BidTheatre DSP will automaticallyl minimize spend within the set targets and contraints of your campaign. The platform can also optimize bids based on different KPI, such as cost per click, cost per conversion, etcetera.

03
Is BidTheatre GDPR compliant?

Yes, BidTheatre follows the GDPR legislation, and the self regulating Transparency & Consent Framework.

04
How is BidTheatre affected if / when the third party cookie disappears in Chrome?

These changes will apply equally to all ad tech platforms. The topic is vast, please refer to our Help Center on the Phase out of Third Party Cookies for more information.

05
Do I need to sign an agreement to get started?

You can do a 14 day trial, after that our sales representative will work with you to draft a contact.

SEE ALL

Urvädersgränd 5, 116 46 Stockholm
info@bidtheatre.com
+46 (0)8 641 22 66

PLATFORM
Demand Side
Platform (DSP)
Supply Side Platform (SSP) Integrations
Audience Vendor Integrations
SPOTLIGHT
Dynamic Creative
Optimization
Programmatic DOOH
Connected TV
Programmatic Audio
SOLUTIONS
Agencies
Advertisers
Integrators
RESOURCES
Help Center
Developer Portal
Introduction to Programmatic Advertising
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Tool
Platform Status
© 2025 Vitec BidTheatre AB. All rights reserved.