Big Bad Wolf Slot Machine: Free Demo Game & Review The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Mystic Dreams... - 4371 USD Samua* 2 place Lunaris slot - 4284 USD Scott* 3 place Lunaris slot - 1445 USD Lisa* Jackpot $7840342 Play now Big Bad Wolf Mobile Slots Free Spins Slots Casino Slots 3 Reel Slots Articles Demo Play Real Play Play for real money Big Bad Wolf Slot Game Review Facebook Twitter The game that uses a familiar theme and famous story was used to create an online casino slots for everyone to enjoy. Big Bad Wolf casino game is powered by Quickspin and it was launched in 2013. It is based on the story of the 3 little pigs and big bad wolf. The game uses attractive symbols wherein the contributing symbols in a winning spin replaces the new ones so you can win again and again in each spin. The game has the Big Bad wolf free game feature where you are given 20 free spins with 3x multiplier and 3 scatters. read more Video Overview Additional Info Released 2013 Software Quickspin Rolls 5 Paylines 25 Minimum Bet £0.01 Maximum Bet £5 Play for money! Screenshots BIG BAD WOLF SLOT 2025 Watch out for the pigs because 3 consecutive wins change them into wilds. The Blowing Down the House feature makes you collect little moon symbols that blow down houses to receive extra spins and multipliers.

The reels in the Big Bad Wolf games uses large straws as the frames with hills and fields in the background. You will love the beautiful graphics that uses detailed animations and pastel colors in the game. It can immediately be noticed that the developer focuses on the games graphics and quality. Theme What you will notice about the Big Bad Wolf slot game is the winning potential and it is a game that everyone can play. Big Bad Wolf video game has 25 pay lines and only 1 coin per pay line is wagered. The total minimum bet is €0.25 and the maximum is €250 for 1 spin. If you want to win big, you should be able to land the right matching symbols combination on 1 bet line. The 1st symbol should be on the left, and the other matching ones should be next to each other. The payout table shows a couple of credits that you are able to win for every winning combination of symbols. Remember that the credits you will depend on the total bet on how much you bet on 1 game round. Big Bad Wolf Free Version You can play a free game on online casinos that offer Quickspin slot games and when you already want to play using real money, you can do that on the same site too. Some of them even have free spin bonuses which you can take advantage of as you will play big bad wolf. HOW TO WIN BIG BAD WOLF SLOT GAME? Observe if the return percentage of the big bad wolf slot machine is higher than 97% so you can expect that the winning and bonuses appear with wager less than 40x. Make a bet that is 500-1000x smaller compared to your bankroll. When you play Big Bad Wolf, you are reminded of the famous story and how much you will love online slots even more because of its innovative features. WINNING COMBINATIONS OF THE BIG BAD WOLF SLOT The payout for the winning combinations goes from left to right which means that at least one of the symbols appear on the 1st slot. A combination of symbols that start on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th slot will not give you any payout. BIG BAD WOLF SLOT CASINOS The Big Bad Wolf slot casinos come with exciting features, making that tremendously improve your winning potential. The wild symbol is the beehive, and it replaces other regular symbols, creating a winning combo. The wolf and moon are other important symbols. The scatter is the wolf, which unlocks the free spins. If you land at least 3 wolves, you will get free spins. More spins will be unlocked if the blowdown and house bonus is activated. This game does not have a progressive jackpot, but the payouts are still huge. You can win up to 1,225x your wager. This award-winning slot game from Quickspin is their pride and joy. You will be amazed by the detailed graphics and fairy tale theme that players love. That is the reason why you are going to find a lot of Big Bad Wolf slot sites. This game is very appealing to a lot of players that casino sites offering it has a high chance of getting more traffic and members to sign up. In addition, the huge wins without the progressive jackpot are an excellent deal that will surely draw you in. BIG BAD WOLF REAL MONEY Practice play cannot match with Big Bad Wolf real money when you want to try your luck in the game and get a prize. There are other countless slot games, but the Big Bad Wolf slot for real money is one of the most interesting games you will encounter. You will revisit their familiar story but in a different format. The game has 25 paylines that run on the reels, and you have the choice of how many to activate or deactivate. You can use the command buttons found at the bottom of the screen, which are below the reels, to adjust the settings. The gear button is for activating the paylines and changes how many wagers you want to put in. You must play big if you want a huge payout. Of course, you can modify the game settings anytime. Always watch the displays to control your balance. When you play for real money, you must meet the minimum requirement of the online casino. Before depositing cash, you can always try the free mode first to get used to the game. By doing this, you will feel more secure and confident to put real money in. BIG BAD WOLF FREE VERSION You can play a free game on online casinos that offer Quickspin slot games and when you already want to play using real money, you can do that on the same site too. Some of them even have free spin bonuses which you can take advantage of as you will play big bad wolf. What is the Big Bad Wolf RTP? The RTP (return to player) pertains to how much money you will get back while playing over a long period of time. A higher RTP level sets a better condition for the total bets you have made. If the RTP is set higher, players are in better conditions. The average RTP slot is 94%. Big Bad Wolf has an RTP of 97.31%, which is a lot higher than the average. That means you will find it very satisfying to play knowing that you can get your money back over time. What is the Big Bad Wolf Max Win? Players can win a total of 25,000 coins in each spin. The Beehive symbol gives the highest payout, which offers 1,000 coins if you land 5 of it. The free spins offer the highest payouts, and even more if all your wins get a 2x multiplier. Why is Big Bad Wolf Slot Game so Popular? The game is so popular because, aside from having a theme based on a famous fable, it has a high RTP and the graphics are fantastic. You will be impressed by how they created the game as soon as you start playing. You should see for yourself and try it out today. WHY PLAY BIG BAD WOLF SLOT FREE? Playing the free version of the big bad wolf slot online has its benefits which is why you need to. The free games will prepare you for the actual game where you play using real money and it helps you become familiar with the features of the game. In addition, if you have thought of a strategy you want to try, you can try it in the free version to replace it after practice to the real cash big bad wolf slot game at online casino. You also get a chance to see the awesome graphics and feel of the game before depositing any real money to it. Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Wild Turkey  slot Demo Evolution slot Demo Dolphin Cash slot Demo Dolphins Pearl Deluxe slot Demo Mega Moolah Slot Demo Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINO 5 /5 Review Play Now! 5 /5 Review Play Now! 4 /5 Review Play Now! 4 /5 Review Play Now! 4 /5 Review Play Now! see all Chloe Bennet Content Editing Lead Age: 29 Education: The Ohio State University Live: Mountview Place, Ohio Contact: +1-440-235-0953 Experience: 8 Chloe's been in the game for eight years now and she knows her stuff! She's an expert in various spheres but there's one area that really gets her fired up - online gambling. Legislation changes, hot new brands popping up - Chloe's on top of it. Chloe isn't just your average online writer. Sure, she can break down the difference between sweepstakes and social casinos like nobody's business, all without jargon that'd make your head spin. But that's not all! Chloe's also a total online shopping queen. Somehow, these two passions have become her superpower, making her a total payment method guru! She's got the enthusiasm of a rookie and the track record of a seasoned pro – basically, the perfect combo for the iGaming industry. Always learning, always innovating, Chloe's got a head full of fresh ideas to bring to the table at Bigbadwolf-slot.com. She chose to revolutionize service's approach to initiatives. All this is due to her deep knowledge of gambling and her proven track record. 14.03.2025 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 357 Big Bad Wolf Mobile Slots Free Spins Slots Casino Slots 3 Reel Slots Casinos Online All Games Articles Autor Responsible Gambling Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions About us Submit Your Casino bigbadwolf-slot.com © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play For Real Money