We use cookies

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience for the following purposes: to enable basic functionality of the website, to provide a better experience on the website, to measure your interest in our products and services and to personalize marketing interactions, to deliver ads that are more relevant to you.

I agreeI declineChange my preferences
Solutions
Case Studies
Publishers
About
Insights
Contact Us
We Make Brands
HAPPY

By making really cool ads and doing it fast.

Mobile Solutions
Learn More
DOOH Solutions
Learn More
Happiness, Quantified.
75%

avg. unaided recall for Big Happy brands - 21% higher than direct competitors, 54% higher than industry standard

Up to

7x

higher levels of mental engagement with BH ads

+23%

more consumers could recall the key messaging in Big Happy ads when compared to competitors

Big Results. Happy Teams.

We'll help you win no matter the vertical. Check out some of the strategies our partners are putting to use and the results that bring them joy!

View Case Studies
TECH
SAMSUNG
Generate buzz for Samsung Galaxy S22 launch with 3D visuals.
Learn More
ENTERTAINMENT
NFL NETWORK
Drive NFL Network views through Big Happy's speedy creative output.
Learn More
ENTERTAINMENT
WASHINGTON CAPITALS
Activating ticket sales with geo-targeted creative.
Learn More
Every Screen, Every Street
From mobile devices to out-of-home displays, our publisher network delivers your message where it matters most.
MOBILE PUBLISHERS
0+
Mobile monetization shouldn't be complicated. We work with publishers of all sizes to maximize revenue from their mobile inventory through innovative ad solutions that respect your audience and enhance your content experience.
Learn More
DOOH SCREENS
1M +
Big Happy ads are served on over 1 million screens across North America! We utilize the most widely-adopted buying platforms with access to supply that can handle our high-impact creative and provide relevant measurement based on advertiser goals!
Learn More
Our Clients Are Always All Smiles.

We’re proud to partner with some of the biggest household names in media.

Hit Your KPIs With A Smile.

Big Happy's team helps your creative do wonderful things. Whether it's enticing users to learn more, add-to-cart, or go in-store, Big Happy drives results.

Email*
First name*
Last name*
Company*
Job title*
How did you hear about us*
What are you reaching out about?*
Select one...
Mobile
DOOH
Publishers
Careers
Message*
Contact Us
28 W 44th St, Ste 900
New York, NY 10036 contact@bighappy.co
© 2025 Big Happy.
Update Cookies Preferences
Privacy Policy