BigMarker - Modern, No-Download Webinar Software Planning a virtual or hybrid event? Talk to a BigMarker expert today Product Overview Studio Designer Registration Virtual Venue Event Badging Mobile Event Apps Media Hubs Networking Marketing Integrations Solutions Overview Webinars Virtual Events Hybrid Events In-Person Events Demand Generation Revenue & Monetization Community Platforms White Label Customers Pricing Resources Demo Login Request a Demo In response to GDPR, BigMarker is giving you more flexibility in how you collect and manage data. Read about it → Hi! We're BigMarker The # 1-rated platform for webinars, virtual & hybrid events The world's most innovative companies use our webinar , virtual , hybrid and in-person events software to grow their audience, engage their customers, and generate demand for their products and services. Request a Demo Host events that stand out from the crowd Whether you're hosting a one-hour webinar, a three-day conference, or a 24/7 content destination, BigMarker provides a powerful platform to produce, publish, and generate actionable data around great content. Webinars Host interactive streams that inspire your audience and generate powerful data. Explore Webinars → Virtual Events Host customizable virtual events with ticketing, networking & sponsors built-in. Explore Virtual Events → Hybrid Events Create an elevated experience for in-person and virtual attendees on the same platform. Explore Hybrid Events → Studio Produce broadcast-quality video content, live stream, record and repurpose. Explore Studio → Media Hubs Create on-demand content experiences that engage your audience 24-7-365. Explore Media Hubs → Integrations Connect your data back to your CRM, no matter how complex your implementation is. Explore Integrations → Virtual Events Platform Host one-of-a-kind virtual events BigMarker provides everything you need to design, build, and execute an impactful virtual conference, industry convention, trade show, town hall, or customer event. Learn more about Virtual Events → Freshworks hosted a global customer conference, simultaneously streaming sessions from London, Paris, Berlin and Amsterdam, and featuring guests from Netflix, Harvard, and Airbnb. Webinar Software Host webinars your audience will love BigMarker's webinar software is not another super-sized video conferencing tool -- it's built from the ground up for audience engagement and demand generation. Learn more about Webinars → CNBC reached over 20,000 virtual event attendees, creating an interactive experience that contributed to its ambitious goal of driving 1 million visitors to its virtual events hub. Hybrid Events Platform Elevate your in-person & hybrid events Whether your audience is on-site, at home, or both, BigMarker's hybrid events software is designed to help you elevate your attendee experience from a single data-driven  platform. Learn more about Hybrid Events → Millions of Events Hosted Each Year Ranked #1 in Customer Satisfaction #1 in Customer Satisfaction BigMarker is rated 4.8/5 for ease of use and customer service Top-rated Support Team BigMarker is rated 99% for ease of working with on GetApp Category-leading Ease of Use 97% of Capterra reviewers say they recommend BigMarker Latest Resources REPORT 2023 B2B Marketing Webinar Benchmark Report After analyzing over one million webinars hosted by B2B marketers on BigMarker in the past year, we present webinar best practices with an emphasis on benchmarking and optimizing performance. Guide The Ultimate Guide to Annual Customer Conferences Today's customers want to know what they will gain by attending your event. This Guide will give you the tools to plan a top-notch event that takes a customer-first approach to help you stand out from the crowd. Article BigMarker Ranks #1 in Customer Satisfaction For 6th Consecutive Quarter BigMarker has achieved the #1 customer satisfaction rating in G2‘s Webinar Software category, as well as high rankings in other categories including events, lead retrieval, live streaming, and mobile event apps. Ready to learn more? We’re available to provide pricing and guided tours of our webinar, virtual, hybrid & in-person event solutions. Request a Demo Chat With Us Our knowledgeable team is online and usually replies within minutes. Talk to Sales → Explore Resources Discover the latest best practices and thought leadership. Explore Resources → The world's most customizable platform for webinars, virtual and hybrid events. Sales: sales@bigmarker.com Support: support@bigmarker.com Careers: careers@bigmarker.com Product Product Overview Studio Designer Registration Virtual Venue Event Badging Mobile Event Apps Media Hubs Networking Marketing Integrations Solutions Solutions Overview Webinars Virtual Events Hybrid Events In-Person Events Demand Generation Revenue & Monetization Community Platforms White Label Resources Pricing About Us Request a Demo Resources Help Center Affiliates API Docs © 2010 - 2025 BigMarker. All rights reserved. Terms of Service MSA Privacy Language: English