Noxplayer – Fastest and Smoothest Android Emulator for PC & Mac – Free and Safe Home App Center Blog FAQ Contact Us English 简体中文 한국어 日本語 Tiếng Việt Pусский Bahasa Deutsche Français ไทย Pilipino Português Español Malay 繁體中文 Italiano Türkçe język polski العَرَبِيَّة हिंदी DOWNLOAD Every detail matters NoxPlayer, the perfect Android emulator to play mobile games on PC DOWNLOAD Mac Version : 3.8.5.7 2021/12/16 The perfect choice for most gamers, provides the best performance. Google Drive | Version Log | Windows Version New Android 9 Play mobile games on PC with powerful Android 9 Superior Performance More stable and smoother gameplay, use Multi-Instances to play more Ultimate Experience Easy to get started, quickly becoming a pro mobile gamer Play Mobile Games on PC NoxPlayer is fully optimized, and it will be more stable and smoother for both games and apps. With NoxPlayer, you will have the same gaming experience as the PC and console gaming Explore More Games Check the detail Check the detail Check the detail Check the detail The perfect Android emulator Supports keyboard, gamepad, script recording and multiple instances. Every feature is perfect for your gaming experience only. NoxPlayer, a better experience for Mobile Games View All Tutorials Customize Your Game Perfect game control, go for epic wins Play Different Games at the Same Time Multi-instance, enjoy effortless multitasking Script Recording One click, many actions, farm easily Multi-Drive It's essential for playing gacha games that you can operate many emulators at the same time. Latest on the NoxPlayer Blog View All Articles NIKKE Tier List Guide GODDESS OF VICTORY NIKKE Characters Guide 2023-02-02 RPG Neural Cloud Tier List & Characters Recommendation Neural Cloud Tier List – Strongest to Weakest Dolls Ranked 2023-01-24 RPG Eversoul Tier List & Character Recommendation Add the Strongest Soul & Build Your Best Team! 2022-02-09 RPG User Feedback NoxPlayer - The best choice of the most users in the world It runs smoother to play Call of Duty®: Mobile! Anonim I've played free fire with NoxPlayer for over a year  and I've 
not met a better lightweight android emulator that renders me
smoother game-play on my PC and hardly consumes resources. Mukisa NoxPlayer is a really useful tool for playing mobile games even while working or chatting at the same time. Jessi Don't need to worry about the battery anymore since I used the emulator. Adarsh Nox is the ideal solution for people that want to play their favorite android games on a PC. You can basically use it as your android phone on your computer! I loved it from day one! Tyskeen The Perfect Android Emulator to Play Mobile Games on PC DOWNLOAD Jooble Uptodown Gamestar Chip SWFR TechGround SoftMany Wargaming Featured Blog NIKKE Tier List Guide | GODDESS OF VICTORY NIKKE Characters Guide Blue Archive Reroll Tier List (Global) – Complete Guide How To Play Arknights on PC with NoxPlayer Neural Cloud Tier List & Characters Recommendation Eversoul Tier List | Add the Strongest Soul & Build Your Best Team Trending Game Arknights GODDESS OF VICTORY: NIKKE Fate/Grand Order Ragnarok X: Next Generation Azur Lane FAQ Startup Stuck at 99% How to enable VT Performance Boost & Increase FPS Switch GPU Between NVIDIA and AMD Android Systems, Bits & Differences NOX Official Website NoxGroup About Nox About Us Official Blog © 2025 bignox.com Privacy Policy Press Contact Us