Food Delivery Software - DeliverLogic | Turnkey Food Delivery Software Solution Skip to content Features Online Ordering Delivery Management Software Customer Support Driver & Partner Network National Restaurant Partners AI Voice Ordering Integrations & API Pricing Use Cases Restaurants Restaurant Delivery Providers Catering Marketplace Software General Delivery Providers Enterprise Clients POS & E-commerce Company Events FAQ Testimonials Features Online Ordering Delivery Management Software Customer Support Driver & Partner Network National Restaurant Partners AI Voice Ordering Integrations & API Pricing Use Cases Restaurants Restaurant Delivery Providers Catering Marketplace Software General Delivery Providers Enterprise Clients POS & E-commerce Company Events FAQ Testimonials Free Trial Delivery Software that Drives Profits Wow Customers & Automate your Delivery Business GET A FREE TRIAL NOW View Web & App Design Packages View Software Pricing Professional Website & Apps DeliverLogic provides a complete turn-key delivery logistics solution that starts with capturing your customers order.  After the order is captured, our automated systems handle all the heavy lifting for your business. DL•Core (short for “DeliverLogic Core”) is the premium design templates that can be set up for your delivery business within hours. Our clients websites are rated above a 4.5 and App reviews are consistently over a 4.8.  Don't take our word for it, view our testimonials page to watch our clients vouch for it themselves. View Live Website https://www.deliverlogic.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/OrderQD.mp4 Restaurant & Driver App Once an order is captured on your customer-facing website or mobile app, the real work begins, as far as managing that order through all of the delivery logistics such as: (1) confirming the order with the restaurant, (2) dispatching the order to driver, (3) tracking the driver in real-time, and the list goes on. OrderLogic is DeliverLogic’s restaurant-management application, which allows restaurants to easily view, confirm, and fulfill orders originating from your business.  It is fully-integrated with your DeliverLogic core system, and allows for real-time, quick, and efficient communication and order management with all of your partner restaurants. DriverLogic is DeliverLogic’s driver-management application, which allows delivery drivers to easily receive orders on their phone, manage pickups and deliveries, organize their workflow, and allow customers to see their orders as they travel in real-time.  This is just another piece of the DeliverLogic suite of products that work together, to help make your delivery business a huge success. Delivery App for Drivers Delivery Software with POS Integration At DeliverLogic, we understand how delivery logistics works on the ground level, and as a result, we know how impactful and beneficial saving even a minute when handling a delivery order can be.  As a result, we have created robust and direct integrations with the top industry-leading POS systems, so that your staff and resources can focus on quickly and efficiently scaling your delivery service business. Some of the POS systems we currently integrate with are: 4soft Auphan Bridge Brink Cake Clover Dinerware Edgeserv emagine focus foodics global payments heartland restaurant hunger rush itab pos linga pos maitre'd micros res micros mobilebytes ncr aloha northstar one pos order counter ovvi paradise pos pdq pixelpoint posist prism qu revel revonu rezku salido snappy softtouch speedline spoton sunami pos supermenu talech tid3 toast touchbistro union xenial Admin Dashboard & Reporting Understanding every aspect of your business is crucial for long-term success, and with DeliverLogic’s powerful reporting and analysis features , you can understand exactly where your business is thriving, and where it may need a bit of a boost.  You can generate reports on pretty much any data point you collect, such as order summary reports, or driver payout reports, or accounting reports. Also, if any of the pre-configured reports don’t satisfy your need, you can utilize the built-in report generator feature to create and save your own custom reports by analyzing data points that you feel are most important for the success of your business. 3rd Party Integrations For those power players who are looking to further boost their business, we have several add-on features and integrations that we’ve developed to work directly with the DL•CORE platform.  Once you have your system in place, you can easily enable these integrations directly from your administration dashboard. Marketing Automation 3rd Party Integrations Google & Olo  - Go Big 3902 Henderson Blvd Tampa, FL 33629 1-888-268-3124 legal Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Resources More Testimonials Events Support FAQ Newsletter Subcribe now and Stay up to date Email Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Copyright 2023 DeliverLogic. all rights reserved