BigWetFish - UK/Ire Web Hosting & Domains Skip to main content Skip to footer More info Business Reseller Enterprise Domain Search Email Server Security Support Login Business Reseller Enterprise Domain Search The Team News Support Login UK & Ireland's Best Web Hosting. 24/7/365 email support, live chat. Try us, you'll be hooked! Find your perfect domain Host a single website The perfect solution for a single Wordpress website hosted on blazing fast servers Read more Reseller or Multisite Hosting High traffic website? Magento? We handle high traffic sites with ease. Read more Enterprise Hosting The perfect solution for a single Wordpress website hosted on blazing fast servers Read more Why choose Big Wet Fish We consistently receive incredible reviews on our customer service, and here are some of many reasons to choose Big Wet Fish. WordPress Our powerful web hosting solutions provide dependable, secure WordPress Hosting that empowers businesses to stay ahead of their competition. Enhance Using a management platform such as Enhance makes life so much easier for web designers, developers and website owners. SSL We offer free Secure Socket Layer (SSL), an impenetrable digital barrier that safeguards corporate assets and data. Experienced, Local Staff Our team of certified technicians are knowledgeable in all areas of web hosting & domain registration. We are able to resolve any issue promptly. 24/7 Support We understand that having support is key for any web hosting provider thats why we offer 24/7 support via our live chat on our site and via email. Reliable Welcome to an amazing new way to achieve maximum uptime for yourself or your business. At a time when we are all striving for success. Reviews 4.8 Over 42 Reviews Write a Review Benji Smalley 2 year ago BigWetFish has provided hosting for multiple wordpress sites for around 15 years, I have had side servers with other companies when I've found a one time offer and just taken advantage but always found that nobody compares when it comes to customer support. If you're having website issues, you can jump on the homepage, not even login, use the live chat to tell them your problem and it gets fixed, within minutes. Occasionally, with larger tasks, things require a support ticket but they are sorted within a couple of hours. The staff are so friendly and helpful, even if you are being offhand with them due to frustration about your problem, they dont start acting unhelpful, they just work harder and faster. I could never ask for better customer service. Nobody is trying to upsell you and bother you. I dont even think they have a script, thank god! Whilst BigWetFish is a big company, with thousands of customers globally, the owner, Stephen is available, for support, queries and even friendly chats about servers to all his customers big and small. Over alot of years with BigWetFish, I have hosted multiple websites and experimented with alsorts of web apps and scripts. I remember it being about £5 a month back then probably 15 years, it's now about £8.50 a month. That's commendable! At BigWetFish, you are important. Your website is with people who care. No query is too much or too little for their incredible support staff. The servers are ready to go with ALL the features you need and it's fast too! Thank you BigWetFish, you really have been there for me. ... Kumar Grant 2 year ago I've been with BigWetFish for more than 15 years and have recommended them to so many people. They are brilliant! and their support is second to none. You'll learn their names and they'll fix your issues effectively and quickly. I love their personal hosting style, they really go the extra mile. I once moved away from BWF to one of the behemoth hosting giants—I was experimenting with paying less—ha! it turned out that I became instantly appalled at the new company's faceless support. I cancelled as soon as possible and returned to Big Wet Fish where I intend to stay. ... Tim McKinstry 2 year ago A fantastic company for hosting. ... Trevor Finlay 2 year ago Stephen and his team provide an excellent hosting service ... Josephine Lyons (Josie) 2 year ago BigWetFish Hosting have helped to provide help with my website for many years. They have gone above and beyond the call of duty and provided an outstanding service.  They are hugely knowledgeable and provide quick and brilliant help whenever required. They have been amazing with my website. I hugely recommend them. ... Kelp Digital Lewis 2 year ago I've been using BWF for a few years now both for multi site hosting and managing individual hosting packages for clients - Their support is simply the best, servers seem to be reliable and fast. 10x the service of our old hosting providers FastHosts. ... Ian Sayers 2 year ago A clients site was moved to Big Wet Fish new Hosting Stack and increased page load time by 80-90%. I was totally blown away by just how fast the site loaded. It is a huge site with lots of images, videos and Page flip books. Everything loads instantly. I will be moving a lot more sites over to this style of Server setup and highly recommend it for every setup. Contact the folks in Big Wet Fish and they will show you just how fast fast is... it is impressive ! ... Norfolk Web Support 2 year ago We run a website design agency and BWF have been our chosen web hosts since 2009. Their support, service and advise is second to none! So much so that BWF are considered an essential part of our team as they are always there to help us with any concerns. ... Jason Leigh 2 year ago Having responsibility for Cyber Security at an SME that often works with large enterprise clients has its challenges! We get  often questionnaires, and reports run against our systems; recently we received a risk redemption request that our standard website hosting solution couldn't meet ... No need to panic we host with BWF. A few days of support and guidance from Stephen and the team, working with our other suppliers, and we had all the boxes ticked, in record time 👍 Try achieving that with any other hosting company. Everyone at BWF jumped in to help, not least Stephen, and I couldn't recommend them enough!! ... Maximise Your Website's ROI with Big Wet Fish Elevate your website with Big Wet Fish. Enjoy faster speeds, increased security, and 24/7 expert support. Join countless satisfied customers and experience the Big Wet Fish difference today. Contact us today Recent Tips & Tricks More tips & tricks Why our Web Hosting is ideal for your WordPress websites? Choosing the right technology stack is crucial for performance, reliability and scalability. At Big Wet Fish Hosting we believe we have the perfect solution. By combining the Enhance Panel with OpenLiteSpeed, Docker and Redis object caching on brand new AMD EPYC hardware with NVMe storage arrays, we deliver a powerful platform for modern web applications,… Big Wet Fish: Making Waves with a Brand New Look and Website! We’re super excited to share the launch of our new Big Wet Fish branding and website today! As the UK & Ireland's Best Web Hosting provider, we have always strived to offer an unparalleled web hosting experience to our valued clients. Now, with our colourful new brand identity and fresh website design by our friends… NEW Modern Web Hosting Stack from Big Wet Fish Hosting Challenge us to Speed up your Website...We've been working hard these past number of months at implementing a new and modern server architecture with a modern control panel that we are getting some amazing performance out of.  It's ideal for WordPress and the performance we have been seeing is pretty decent out of the box… Subscribe to newsletter Contact Us BWF Hosting Ltd, Unit 1G, Kilroot Business Park Carrickfergus, Northern Ireland, BT38 7PR VAT Number: GB155348990 Companies House Number: NI616536 Sales Line: 028 9367 5003 Hosting Business Reseller Enterprise Domain Search Information Knowledge Base The Team News Support Careers Contact Customers Log In Support We're Big Wet Fish!  We provide fast, secure, affordable and fully featured web hosting solutions. 028 9367 5003 [email protected] Copyright  © BigWetFish Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on TikTok Follow us on YouTube