Skip to Content Skip to Navigation Skip to Search
 
Find a Provider
Patient Portal
Pay Bill
Giving
Careers
Care Options  
 Back
Care Options
Hospitals 
Primary Care 
Urgent Care 
Assisted Living 
Behavioral Health 
Community Health Centers 
Joslin Diabetes Center 
Home Care & Hospice 
Pharmacy Services 
Affiliates 
Research & Education  
 Back
Research & Education
Research & Clinical Trials 
Medical Education 
About  
 Back
About
Awards & Accreditations 
Blueprint 2030 
Community Commitment 
Leadership 
News & Stories 
Population Health 
Purpose & Values 
 
 Search

Our Cookie Policy

Your privacy is important to us. We use cookies and other tracking technologies to ensure the performance and security of our website and to monitor website use for business and website optimization purposes. This may include disclosures about your use of the website to third parties. By using our website, you agree to its use of these technologies. To learn more, please read our Terms of Use.

❌
Helping You Be Healthier
 Find a Doctor  Care Options  Patient Portal  Pay a Bill  Search Careers
Committed To Caring For All Patients

We are committed to caring for all patients and their loved ones with dignity, compassion and inclusiveness. We understand some patients may have concerns about seeking care at this time. We want you to get the care you need. If you have questions or concerns about an upcoming appointment, please contact us.

Find Contact Information
About Beth Israel Lahey Health 

We measure success by the difference we make in people’s lives. Find out how we’re creating healthier communities, one person at a time.

Complete Care for All Your Health Needs

Personalized care, when you or your family need it.

Hospitals 

We offer specialized care near where you live and work with a network of 14 hospitals, including community hospitals, academic medical centers and hospitals providing specialized orthopedic and behavioral health care.

Emergency Care 

No one expects to face a medical emergency, but if you do, we’re ready. Our highly trained and caring teams provide lifesaving care 24/7.

Primary Care 

Your primary care provider manages your ongoing medical and wellness needs. They’re your partner in health and your first stop for nearly all your medical care.

Urgent Care 

Get quick care for minor injuries or illnesses when your doctor’s office is closed or you don’t yet have a provider. Our urgent care clinics are conveniently located and ready to help.

Pharmacy Services 

Get the medications and the expert guidance you need to take charge of your health through our retail, specialty and mail-order pharmacies.

Home Care 

Get customizable medical care in the comfort of your own home. We can address your needs and preferences with skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and more.

See All Types of Care
Advance Your Career

Providing extraordinary care requires extraordinary people. Build your career with a health system that sees you for all that you are.

Find a Career
Research & Education

Our team members are shaping the future of health care to provide you with the latest advancements in medicine.

Learn More
COVID-19 Resources
Read More
News & Stories
BILH Celebrates Construction Milestone for Quincy Care Center 
Selected Publications: November 2025 
How to Manage Your Chronic Condition This Winter 
How AI Is Transforming Your Health Visit 
‘Tis the Season? What to Know About Common Respiratory Infections 
Your Guide to Women’s Health After 40 
View More
Dedicated to Your Health & Well-Being
14
Hospitals Working Together
100+
Locations in Massachusetts and New Hampshire
39,000
Team Members Caring for Our Communities
Contact Us
Follow Us on Social Media
Hospital Quick Links
Anna Jaques Hospital
Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital–Milton
Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital–Needham
Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital–Plymouth
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center
Beverly, Addison Gilbert and BayRidge Hospitals
Exeter Hospital
Lahey Hospital & Medical Center
Lahey Medical Center, Peabody
Mount Auburn Hospital
New England Baptist Hospital
Winchester Hospital
News & Stories
Notice of Privacy Practices
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Legal Notices
© 2025 Beth Israel Lahey Health