About Bilkent
Academics
Research
Students
Campus Life
Prospective Students
Türkçe

WebMail
STARS
Library
Art / Music
Contact
Give Now
Bilkent Faculty Members Receive TÜBA-GEBİP Awards

Two distinguished faculty members from Bilkent University have been honored this year.

For More
Bilkent Faculty Receive 2025 TÜBİTAK Award

Dr. Talip Serkan Kasırga from the National Nanotechnology Research Center (UNAM) has recently been recognized by the Scientific and Technical Research Council of Turkey (TÜBİTAK).

For More
Prof. Dr. Mustafa Parlar Awards 2025

Prof. Dr. Mustafa Parlar Awards Presented to Bilkent Faculty

For More
Efe Tokdemir Awarded ERC Consolidator Grant for COUNSTER Project
For More
Bilkent Faculty Members Receive TÜBA-GEBİP Awards

Two distinguished faculty members from Bilkent University have been honored this year.

For More
Bilkent Faculty Receive 2025 TÜBİTAK Award

Dr. Talip Serkan Kasırga from the National Nanotechnology Research Center (UNAM) has recently been recognized by the Scientific and Technical Research Council of Turkey (TÜBİTAK).

For More
1
2
3
4
Previous
Next
Dr. Fatih İnci Honored with Eczacıbaşı Award

National Nanotechnology Research Center’s (UNAM) Asst. Prof. Fatih İnci has been awarded the 2025 Eczacıbaşı Medical Incentive Award. 

Dr. Zavagno Leads Turkish Part of ERC Advanced Grant Project

Assoc. Prof. Luca Zavagno of the Department of Archaeology and the Department of History will serve as a key collaborator and coordinator of the Turkish Unit in the European Research Council (ERC) Advanced Grant project titled “Byz-GOVAG—Agents of Cohesion in the Governance of an Empire: The Anthropogeography of Byzantium, 7th to 12th Centuries.”

Information for:
Undergrads
International Students
Exchange Students
Faculty / Staff
Alumni
Prospective Students
Visitors
Search for:
 
Announcements
Part-Time Online Cambridge CELTA Program
Students Clubs and Societies Calendar of Activities
2026 International Composition Competition İhsan Doğramacı
Department of Archaeology Newsletter
Activities
MATH Seminar: “Green Prebiset Functors”, Mahmut Esat Akın, 2:00PM December 30 2025 (EN)
MATH Seminar: “Quantum Cosmology of f(R,T) Theory”, Serkan Doruk Hazinedar, 1:20PM January 2 2025 (EN)
Scholarship Funds and Donations

Bilkent University Development Office received a donation of 5 million TL for the 2024–2025 academic year to provide additional resources for scholarships, education, and research projects. The donations were used to support the education of students affected by the earthquake and those in financial need. With contributions from the Bridge to Türkiye Fund, 49 students were awarded support scholarships. Most of which came from our alumni the housing, education, and living expenses of 74 students were covered.

Smoke-Free Bilkent University Campus

With the aim of creating a healthy and civilized university environment for all Bilkenters, Bilkent University initiated a Smoke-Free Campus policy.

Dr. Demir Honored with IEEE ComSoc Award

Asst. Prof. Özlem Tuğfe Demir has been awarded the 2025 IEEE Communications Society Best Young Researcher Award for the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Region.

ICGEB Awards Dr. Fulya Türker Research Grant

Asst. Prof. Fulya Türker of the Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics has been awarded funding under the ICGEB-CRP Early Career Return Grant 2025 for her research on neurodegenerative diseases.

Dr. Ordu Wins TOYP Türkiye 2025 Award

UNAM Asst. Prof. Mustafa Ordu has been honored with an award in the TOYP Türkiye 2025—Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Turkey program.

Thomas Howard Receives Ralph Cohen Prize

Asst. Prof. Thomas Howard from the Program in Cultures, Civilizations & Ideas has been awarded the 2025 Ralph Cohen Prize from “New Literary History” journal.

Human and AI: The Power of Harmonious Collaboration

Assoc. Prof. Yıldıray Yıldız of the Department of Mechanical Engineering delivered a plenary lecture on recent advances in human–machine systems at the IFAC HMS’25 Symposium held in Beijing.

Efe Tokdemir Receives APSA Best Paper Award

Assoc. Prof. Efe Tokdemir, faculty member in the Department of International Relations, received the American Political Science Association (APSA) Conflict Processes Section Best Paper Award for his article titled “Unique Offerings: Ideological Competition and Rebel Governance.”

Sam Hirst’s Book Receives International Recognition

Asst. Prof. Sam Hirst of the Department of International Relations has received significant recognition for his monograph Against the Liberal Order: The Soviet Union, Turkey, and Statist Internationalism, 1919–1939, published by Oxford University Press in 2024.

Math Problem for Every Month

Every month the Mathematics department hosts an open competition for any student. Problems will continue to come out each month, and allow a month for you to submit solutions.

From the Campus
A student at Bilkent has plenty of opportunities to develop intellectually, emotionally, spiritually, culturally, socially and physically.

Bilkent at a Glance!

Bilkent offers its students a vibrant campus life and the key to future success.

General View
Our campus is inviting, friendly and safe. With residential and dining services, academic and personal assistance and counseling, and many other programs and services.

Bilkent in the Morning
Students benefit from a hallmark of education at Bilkent: close communication between faculty and students.

İhsan and Ayser Doğramacı
Science, Culture and Art Center
Bilkent Malatya School
Bilkent Erzurum School
BLIS
Özel Bilkent School
Bilkent Music Preparatory School
Bilkent News
Radio Bilkent (96.6 FM)
Video Archive
Academic Positions Available
Personal Data Protection
 

Copyright © Bilkent University. All Rights Reserved