AI-powered Accounts Receivable (AR) software solutions | Billtrust Skip to content AI-Powered Collections: Introducing Agentic Procedures Learn more Products Platform Overview Cash Application Collections Credit eCommerce Invoicing Payments Services View All Products Industries Business Services Distributors Equipment Manufacturing Medical Retail Transportation View All Industries Resources View All Resources Blog Case Studies Events Reports Videos View All Resources Partners System Integrators ERP Partners View All Partners Support Support Center Products Platform Overview Cash Application Collections Credit eCommerce Invoicing Payments Services View All Products Industries Business Services Distributors Equipment Manufacturing Medical Retail Transportation View All Industries Resources View All Resources Blog Case Studies Events Reports Videos View All Resources Partners System Integrators ERP Partners View All Partners Support Support Center Search Get Started Deutsch English Nederlands Products Platform Overview Cash Application Collections Credit eCommerce Invoicing Payments Services View All Products Industries Business Services Distributors Equipment Manufacturing Medical Retail Transportation View All Industries Resources View All Resources Blog Case Studies Events Reports Videos View All Resources Partners System Integrators ERP Partners View All Partners Support Support Center Search Get started AI-Powered Accounts Receivable Software Automate your order-to-cash process. Accelerate your cash flow. Talk to an expert Balancing AI Innovation & Control: Insights from 500 Finance Leaders Get Research Measurable ROI up to: Cash App match rates 0 % + Increase in productivity 0 % Improvement in Days Sales Outstanding 0 % + Increase in ePresentment 0 % Reduction in payment processing costs 0 % Improvement in cash flow 0 % CUSTOMER STORY Lower processing times. Higher match rates. Medical equipment manufacturer saves ~865 hours of manual processing time and increases automated match rates from 45% to +90% while remaining headcount neutral. Read the case study automated match rates 0 % in savings $ 0 hours saved in 7 months 0 Read the case study CUSTOMER STORY Order-to-cash efficiency with AR automation Construction materials manufacturer and distributor drives order-to-cash (O2C) efficiency with solutions for credit applications, invoicing and cash application. Read the case study electronic invoice presentment 1 % cash application match rate 0 % credit approvals 1 -day Read the case study CUSTOMER STORY Unified collections speed up Accounts Receivable. See how Kinepolis, an international cinema, lowers DSO and overdue invoices with automated collections from Billtrust. Read the case study reduction in DSO 0 -day reduction in overdue invoices 0 % Read the case study CUSTOMER STORY Kickstart program saves time and money. When the goal was to reduce costs by converting more customers to digital invoices, Billtrust helped a manufacturer shift the program into high gear. Read the case study increase in electronic invoicing 0 % of customers moved to digital formats 0 % savings over 3 years $ 0 Read the case study Trusted by global brands Why Billtrust? For 24 years, Billtrust has been a leader in AR innovation. Our AI-powered solutions help finance organizations streamline and optimize accounts receivable—so they can move faster, reduce costs, and improve cash flow. What sets Billtrust apart? The ability to customize and personalize AR rules to fit your unique business needs to maximize revenue, enhance customer experience, and improve working capital. With real-time AI-driven analytics and insights, you gain the visibility to make smarter financial decisions, faster. Learn why Accelerate your cash flow. Reduce overhead costs Increase electronic payments Decrease central payment costs Consistently delight your customers. Personalize Customer Experience Provide flexible payment options Streamline payments with frictionless UI Mitigate risk across the board. Improve credit decisions Reduce manual errors Automate collections with greater security Increase AR productivity. Save valuable time and resources Attract and retain top talent Automate business rules and alerts Experience you can trust 8K digital finance transformations $1T in transactions processed annually 24+ years of AR tech expertise 40+ connectors to ERPs, banks, and financial institutions 260+ AP portal integrations Worldwide Accounts Receivable Automation Software Integrated Invoice-to-Cash Applications Worldwide Embedded Payments Applications Top AR Software Provider, G2 Reviews See reviews Customize and connect every part of your AR Take control of your cash flow with our fully integrated AR platform. With embedded AI insights and predictive analytics, you can build smart, fluid workflows, resulting in lower costs, faster payments, and happier customers. Explore the platform below and see how it can elevate your AR process at every turn. Invoicing Speed up invoicing to free up your workforce Streamline invoice generation and follow-up using our AI-powered invoice software that speeds up payments and reduces manual work, so your team can spend less time chasing payments and more time on what matters. Improve your invoicing Payments Smarter payments for stronger cash flow Streamline reconciliation and manage multiple payment modalities with our AI-powered solution. Billtrust gives you the flexibility to tailor payment policies to fit your business, allowing you to optimize your customer’s experience while maximizing cash flow. Optimize your payments Cash application Accurate, automatic cash application Instantly match payments to invoices with our AI-powered cash application software. Reduce manual work, speed up reconciliation, and gain real-time visibility into cash flow. Speed up your cash matching Collections The easiest way to get paid Remove friction in the payment process with our intelligent collections software that can follow up on invoices, send reminders, and simplify payments. Get paid faster, with less manual effort. Expedite your collections Credit Better insight for better decisions Make more informed credit decisions with the predictive power and expansive data analysis of Billtrust’s industry-leading, AI-powered credit management software. Enhance your decision making ECOMMERCE Boost sales—and customer satisfaction Give your customers a better online purchase experience with our scalable, AI-powered sales platform featuring integrations, predictive product search, and full lifecyle visibility. Grow your online sales AI & ANALYTICS Drive AR Success with AI AI-powered tools and analytics empower your AR teams to predict client behavior, auto-generate invoices and collections notices, improve match rates—and get paid faster. Augment your AR Operations INTEGRATIONS Countless options for a seamless integration Integrate your payment portal, eCommerce platform, and ERP of choice with 40 direct connectors offered—or work with us to establish a custom integration. Simplify your integrations AI that works for your AR team AI is embedded into every part of our AR platform, giving you real-time insights and smarter automation. Identify trends, predict customer behavior, auto-generate invoices and collections notices, and improve match rates—all to help you get paid faster. As the first to deploy generative AI in AR, Billtrust gives you real-time answers when you need them most. Explore AI AR transformation starts here Digital transformation isn’t just an upgrade – it’s a necessity to stay competitive. Modernizing your accounts receivable can feel like a big undertaking, but with Billtrust, you have a partner every step of the way. Explore the Billtrust platform and see how it enhances every aspect of Accounts Receivable, expediting manual tasks and empowering your teams with the best-in-market AR tools. Explore the Platform Unlock your AR potential All resources Ebook AI Assistants are Now Autonomous: The New Era of AR is Here Autonomous AI is here, so it’s go-time. Accelerate your AI journey with a checklist for AR success that overcomes 6 key hurdles. Ebook The Ultimate Buyer’s Guide to Accounts Receivable Software Getting accounts receivable right matters because it underpins everything from recognizing revenue to growing your business, but the success of your AR operations is highly dependent on the AI technologies and software you use. Not all AR automation platforms are the same, so it’s important to choose wisely. Here’s how to evaluate your options. This […] Whitepaper Navigating Economic Headwinds: How Financial Decision-Makers Are Reshaping Strategy in 2025 Learn how financial leaders are adapting to economic headwinds in 2025. No posts found Ready to see Billtrust in action? Use Billtrust to streamline AR and get paid faster while reducing manual work. Discover how our AI-powered solutions can meet your unique needs and enhance your AR operations. Thank you for contacting us. A representative will contact you soon. Company About Billtrust Careers Contact Leadership Newsroom About Billtrust Careers Contact Leadership Newsroom Billtrust Login Resources Blog Case Studies Events Reports Videos Glossary Blog Case Studies Events Reports Videos Glossary Support Customer Education Support Center Customer Education Support Center Company About Billtrust Careers Contact Leadership Newsroom About Billtrust Careers Contact Leadership Newsroom Support Customer Education Support Center Customer Education Support Center Resources Blog Case Studies Events Reports Videos Glossary Blog Case Studies Events Reports Videos Glossary © 2025 Billtrust® is a trademark of BTRS Holdings Inc. | All rights reserved Privacy, Security & Compliance Cookie Settings Accessibility Privacy, Security & Compliance Cookie Settings Accessibility