Billings Gazette | Breaking News | Read Billings, MT and Montana breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main content Skip to main content Gift local, give more: local news for only 50¢/week! Give gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. Buy one, gift one: 2 subscriptions for only $20! Subscribe & gift Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details. 39° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State 406 Politics Business Education Nation & World Last 24 hours History Markets & Stocks News Tip Wildfires Obituaries Share a Story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a Letter Letters Guest/Columnists Sports High School Big Sky Conference College Scoreboard Professional Rodeo Lifestyles Event Calendar Music Movies & TV Games Contests Comics Play People Montana Untamed Food Health Parenting Home & Garden People Pets Faith Celebrations Travel Outdoors Ski Report Your Shots Just for Kids Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Marketplace Jobs Advertise Shop Local I Love A Deal Public Notices Shopping Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Advertising info Help Center Gift Susbcriptions Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter Bluesky YouTube Instagram © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Jobs Wildfires 39° Partly Cloudy Javascript is required to use this website. Billings West boys wrestling enjoying success, but zeroing in on season goals John Letasky The 3-time state champion Golden Bears are perfect this season, but that is the past and they're focused on the present. Laurel, Lockwood join this season's New Year's Holiday Classic at First Interstate Arena 406 MT Sports The Locomotives and Lions will be joining Billings Central, Billings Senior, Billings Skyview and Billings West at First Interstate Arena at MetraPark on Saturday. Yellowstone County sets vote to fund jail expansion for November 2026 Evan Butow In November, Yellowstone County voters will get to vote on whether to finance an expansion to the Yellowstone County Detention Center and provide additional funding for the county sheriff’s office. David Hoffmann to become chair of Billings Gazette owner after $35 million deal JACOB BARKER
Lee Enterprises The Florida-based billionaire and Missouri native bought a controlling stake in Lee Enterprises. The company owns several newspapers and publications throughout Montana. BLM weakens greater sage grouse protections across the West Alex Mitchell The BLM decision noted that in 2015 under the Obama administration the agency didn’t go far enough in allowing development on some public lands. Sen. Ellsworth suspended from office during prosecution, district judge rules Seaborn Larson An attorney for Sen. Jason Ellsworth, R-Hamilton, said Monday the allegations were politically charged and criticized the district court judge's order suspending him from office. Montana poised to receive fourth-largest award in $50B federal rural care program Carly Graf Montana could receive up to $1.2 billion in the next five years to revitalize its rural health care system, more than all but three other states. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App The Latest December 30 recap: Billings news you may have missed today Get a recap of Tuesday's local news stories from Billings Gazette. Brucellosis confirmed in Gallatin County herd, Montana Department of Livestock says The herd has been placed under quarantine, and an epidemiological investigation is ongoing, the department said. Looking back: State Bureau reporter Victoria Eavis’s most impactful stories from 2025 From a story that changed state law, to another that spurred alleged sexual assault victims to come forward, 2025 proved meaningful for the State Bureau’s Victoria Eavis. Bonner development could include travel plaza, hotel, water and sewer system, new housing "This project will convert this 107-acre site into a combination of new commercial, residential, industrial, recreational, and open space use." Looking back: State Bureau reporter Seaborn Larson's 5 must-read stories from 2025 From shadowy lottery investor groups to new pesticide testing rules that jolted Montana's marijuana industry, here are State Bureau reporter Seaborn Larson's must-read stories from 2025. The Billings Gazette's top news for December 30, 2025 These are the Billings Gazette's top stories for December 30, 2025. Billings neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in Billings Gazette. December 29 recap: Billings news you may have missed today Get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from Billings Gazette. Editor's Pick Billings, here's what you're doing New Year's Eve (and the rest of the week, too) Jake Iverson The Jake Five: John Prine tribute, proof that Billings is cool, actually, a returning hero, the movie of the year and a mega roundup of what's going on for NYE. I ate and ranked every ‘Yellowstone’ frozen food and all I got was this lousy article Proto-Ohtani? New Dave McNally book shines light on baseball — and Billings — history Montana's middle of nowhere: The Jersey Lilly in Ingomar is back and better than ever Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video A competitive and fun game of dodgeball at Billings West wrestling practice Hawaii versus Yellowstone (Yellowstone monthly update - December 2025) The first baby boomers are turning 80 The Billings Gazette's top news for December 30, 2025 Sports Transfer tracker: Montana QB Keali'i Ah Yat returning, Grizzlies LB hits portal "I've decided to not enter my name in the portal. This is too fun lol I'm back!" —Grizzlies QB Keali'i Ah Yat A competitive and fun game of dodgeball at Billings West wrestling practice The Golden Bears practiced on 12-30-25 at the West High auxiliary gym. After learning 'great lessons' early, Montana State Bobcats turn attention to Big Sky play “The fight that we've put up in nonconference, we've proven a lot to ourselves.” - Montana State guard Jed Miller Montana State's 'brotherly bond' has sweetened Bobcats' return to FCS title game “MSU does a great job of recruiting within families and pulling in brothers. ... That helps bring in a bunch of cohesiveness within the whole unit.” - Ex-Bobcat Wilson Brott Listen Now Podcasts Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Drivers are seeing lower gas prices this holiday season | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Brown police chief placed on leave; Chiefs moving to Kansas | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Life & Entertainment The best films of 2025: ‘Hamnet,’ ‘One Battle After Another’ lead list This year’s best films come from a number of countries and feature some of the finest performances in decades. Riveting images of faith and spirituality: 30 of AP's best religion photos of 2025 A year of faith through AP’s lens — from crowded squares to quiet acts of devotion. Dr. Barton Goldsmith: A new year breaks you free of the past As early as last summer, I started hearing people say that 2026 had to be a better year than this one. Perhaps that was a little earlier than usual, but isn’t that always the hope? A fresh start, new beginnings and a chance for a psychic do-over give us the ability to make the next year more of how we want our world to be. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Partner Best Sites to Buy Instagram Followers: 5 Popular Services for Quick Results Provided content. This article covers five platforms to buy Instagram followers. Partner 6 Sites to Buy YouTube Subscribers Safely: Only the Best Provided content. This article covers eight platforms reviewers say to choose from for quality, transparent pricing, and reliable delivery when you want to buy YouTube subscribers safely. Provided What the Smartest Hospitals Are Prioritizing in Their IT Infrastructure and Why Consumer Devices No Longer Make the Cut Provided content. Hospitals are prioritizing medical-grade computing infrastructure built for reliability, hygiene, and continuous use. Partner 2 Best Websites to Buy X Followers: Legit and Trusted Options Provided content. This Guide reviews two platforms for buying microblog followers, comparing quality, pricing, guarantees, and security to help creators choose wisely and safely. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses ECS Engineers 371 Coffeen Ave. , SHeridan, WY 82801 Website Animal Center Veterinary Hospital 1301 CEDAR ST, HELENA, MT 59601 Canyon Creek Memory Care Community 1785 Majestic Ln, Billings, MT 59102 Website Print Ads Farm SHIPTONS BIG R - Ad from 2025-12-31 Farm SHIPTONS BIG R - Ad from 2025-12-31 Sale FLOBERG PATTERSON STEPHANIE - Ad from 2025-12-28 Education Billings Public Library - Ad from 2025-12-26 Office R&R Partners/St Vincent Billings - Ad from 2025-12-28 Medical BILLINGS CLINIC ROP - Ad from 2025-12-28 Furniture MATTRESS KING/LOCAL - Ad from 2025-12-31 Car Denny Menholt Main Account - Ad from 2025-12-27 Car Denny Menholt Main Account - Ad from 2025-12-26 Car Denny Menholt Main Account - Ad from 2025-12-28 × Facebook Twitter Bluesky YouTube Instagram Sites & Partners I Love A Deal Thrifty Nickel Newspaper special sections Online Features Services Subscribe Advertise E-edition Contact Us Work here Become a Carrier Dealer Returns Licensing Shopping © Copyright 2025 Billings Gazette , 401 N Broadway Billings, MT 59101 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Sports Subscribe