Billy Graham Evangelistic Association BGEA Websites Find Peace With God Give Grow Your Faith Grow Your Faith Read Today's Daily Devotional Get insight and inspiration from Billy Graham Daily Devotions Topics Answers Peace With God Online Training Online Bookstore Church Locator BGEA Español Close Ministries Ministries Upcoming Evangelistic Events Sharing the Good News of Jesus Christ worldwide Evangelistic Events Franklin Graham Will Graham Billy Graham Rapid Response Team Billy Graham National Law Enforcement Ministry Internet Evangelism TV & Radio Billy Graham 24/7 Prayer Line Hispanic Ministries Decision Magazine The Billy Graham Library Training Center at The Cove Archive & Research Center Close Events Events Event Calendar Evangelistic outreaches around the world Evangelistic Events Billy Graham Library Training Center at the Cove Evangelism Congress Close Watch & Listen Watch & Listen Watch the Billy Graham TV Special Flying Blind Television Specials Billy Graham Classics Broadcast Listings Video Sermon Clips News YouTube Podcasts Fearless with Cissie Graham Lynch GPS: God. People. Stories. Radio Billy Graham Audio Archives The Billy Graham Channel Billy Graham Minute The Light FM Features Close News News Decision Magazine The Evangelical Voice for Today Articles Videos Decision Magazine Close About About What We Believe Read our Statement of Faith Billy Graham Memorial Our History Ministry Timeline Crusade Events World Wide Pictures What We Believe Ministry Report Biographies Billy Graham Franklin Graham Ruth Bell Graham Will Graham Cliff Barrows George Beverly Shea Careers Volunteer Close Before 2025 Is Over  | Share the hope of Jesus Christ through a year-end gift. Before 2025 Is Over Share the hope of Jesus Christ through a year-end gift. Give Today Close Decision Magazine | Biblical truth and current events. Read articles. Listen Billy Graham: Starting Life Over Again Read A Look Ahead to 2026 Ministry Around the World Watch Will Graham: In the Calm After Christmas, God Still Speaks Read God Opens Hearts in Jamaica Listen Billy Graham: Starting Life Over Again Read A Look Ahead to 2026 Ministry Around the World Watch Will Graham: In the Calm After Christmas, God Still Speaks Read God Opens Hearts in Jamaica Read Hungry for the Gospel in Cambodia Read Billy Graham Library to Be Closed Through Jan. 31 Read A Spirit of Hope In the World's Southernmost City Read Will Graham: Satisfy Your Longing Soul in 2026 Read Billy Graham on Using Your Time Wisely Read Start the Year In God's Word Read A Hardened Heart Won Over by God Q&A Want to Grow Closer to Christ This Year? Gallery 2025: The Year in Pictures From preaching the Gospel at historic outreaches in places like Ethiopia and Bolivia to ministering in communities affected by disaster, we thank God for His faithfulness and guidance, and for all those who surrendered their lives to Jesus Christ this past year. See 36 powerful ministry moments from 2025. View Photos Steps to Peace With God 1 / 7 God’s Purpose: Peace & Life God loves you and wants you to experience peace and life—abundant and eternal. The Bible says: “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.” John 3:16, NKJV Why don’t most people have this peace and abundant life that God planned for us to have? Find Peace With God The Problem: Sin Separates Us God created us in His own image to have an abundant life. He did not make us as robots to automatically love and obey Him. God gave us a will and freedom of choice. We chose to disobey God and go our own willful way. We still make this choice today. This results in separation from God. The Bible says: “For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.” Romans 3:23, NKJV Our choice results in separation from God. Our Attempts to Reach God People have tried in many ways to bridge the gap between themselves and God ... The Bible says: “But your iniquities have separated you from your God; and your sins have hidden His face from you, so that He will not hear.” Isaiah 59:2, NKJV No bridge reaches God ... except one ... God’s Remedy: The Cross Jesus Christ died on the cross and rose from the grave. He paid the penalty for our sin and bridged the gap between God and people. The Bible says, “But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.” Romans 5:8, NKJV God has provided the only way ... each person must make a choice ... Our Response: Receive Christ We must trust Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior and receive Him by personal invitation. The Bible says: “But as many as received Him, to them He gave the right to become children of God, to those who believe in His name.” John 1:12, NKJV Here is how you can receive Christ: Admit your need. (I am a sinner.) Be willing to turn from your sins (repent) and ask for God’s forgiveness. Believe that Jesus Christ died for you on the cross and rose from the grave. Through prayer, invite Jesus Christ to come in and control your life through the Holy Spirit. (Receive Jesus as Lord and Savior.) How you can pray Dear God, I know that I am a sinner. I want to turn from my sins, and I ask for Your forgiveness. I believe that Jesus Christ is Your Son. I believe He died for my sins and that You raised Him to life. I want Him to come into my heart and to take control of my life. I want to trust Jesus as my Savior and follow Him as my Lord from this day forward. In Jesus’ Name, amen. Did you pray to receive Jesus Christ and begin a relationship with Him? Yes, I prayed No, but I have questions Devotional Get Billy Graham’s Daily Devotion in Your Inbox Enhance each day with verses from the Bible, reflections from Billy Graham, and prayer. You will find the strength, peace, and comfort you need to strengthen your walk with Christ. Subscribe Our Mission We exist to support the evangelistic calling of Franklin Graham by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ and equipping the church & others to do the same. What We Believe Grow Your Faith Find direction and encouragement for your pursuit of the Way, the Truth, and the Life. Browse Topics Give We appreciate your prayers and partnership as we proclaim the Gospel worldwide. Every gift counts! Give Now Billy Graham TV Special Flying Blind Four people face the inevitable consequence of ignoring life’s warning signs. Watch what happens when God breaks through their blind spots—and be challenged by a compelling message from Franklin Graham on sin, conviction, and forgiveness. Watch Now Events Upcoming Evangelistic Events Jan 24–25, 2026 Siem Reap, Cambodia Love Siem Reap Festival with Franklin Graham Feb 14–15, 2026 Ushuaia, Argentina Franklin Graham Festival Mar 7–8, 2026 Lima, Peru Franklin Graham Festival Mar 21–22, 2026 Gulf Coast, Mississippi Gulf Coast Celebration of Hope with Will Graham May 4–5, 2026 Shikoku, Japan West Japan Celebration with Will Graham May 17, 2026 Uijeongbu, Korea Uijeongbu Billy Graham Crusade with Will Graham See All Events