Binalyze - Automated Investigation and Incident Response Skip to the main content. Products Binalyze AIR platform Binalyze Tornado Fleet AI Integrations Solutions Enterprise MSSP IR Service Providers Use Case Augmented SOC Proactive Threat Hunting Automated Compromise Assessment Ransomware Response Alert Triage and Investigation Reduce Incident Response Time Compliance Resources All Resources Blog AIR Release Notes Case Studies New research: The State of Cybersecurity Investigations 2025 SOC Recipes ROI Calculator SEBI CSCRF Assessment Events & Webinars About Who We Are Manifesto Leadership Team PR & Awards Careers Partner with Us Contact Us Investor Relations Toggle Menu Toggle Menu Products Binalyze AIR platform Binalyze Tornado Fleet AI Integrations Solutions Enterprise MSSP IR Service Providers Use Case Augmented SOC Proactive Threat Hunting Automated Compromise Assessment Ransomware Response Alert Triage and Investigation Reduce Incident Response Time Compliance Resources All Resources Blog AIR Release Notes Case Studies New research: The State of Cybersecurity Investigations 2025 SOC Recipes ROI Calculator SEBI CSCRF Assessment Events & Webinars About Who We Are Manifesto Leadership Team PR & Awards Careers Partner with Us Contact Us Investor Relations Linkedin X YouTube DFIR Platform Product Overview Free 14-day Trial Release Notes Book a Demo DFIR Guide Compromise Assessment Solution Product Overview Free 14-day Trial Release Notes Product Datasheet All-in-one Evidence Collector Product Overview Release Notes Free Evidence Collector Product Overview Free Download Release Notes Column Headline Testing 1 Sub Nav 1 Sub Nav 2 Testing 2 Testing 3 Column Headline Testing 1 Sub Nav 1 Sub Nav 2 Testing 2 Testing 3 Column Headline Testing 1 Sub Nav 1 Sub Nav 2 Testing 2 Testing 3 Column Headline Testing 1 Sub Nav 1 Sub Nav 2 Testing 2 Testing 3 Column Headline Testing 1 Sub Nav 1 Sub Nav 2 Testing 2 Testing 3 Column Headline Testing 1 Sub Nav 1 Sub Nav 2 Testing 2 Testing 3 Column Headline Testing 1 Sub Nav 1 Sub Nav 2 Testing 2 Testing 3 Column Headline Testing 1 Sub Nav 1 Sub Nav 2 Testing 2 Testing 3 DFIR Blog Events & Webinars Customer Stories Install & System Requirements End User License Agreement Privacy Statement Contact Support Knowledgebase FAQs Leadership Team Contact Us Careers Partner with Us Investigate cyber threats in minutes AI-powered speed. Human-driven insight. Binalyze AIR is the forensic investigation automation platform accelerating incident response with AI precision - fast. AI is disrupting traditional DFIR with faster cyber investigations Smarter forensics. Simpler workflows. Conclusive results. Powerful Insights Deliver stronger security outcomes without compromising on accuracy or speed. Empower SOC teams and responders with  the powerful blend of proactive, rapid forensic-level insights using intelligent automation to transform investigation and response process es. Seamless Integration Instantly bridge the gap between detection and response. Enhance visibility and expand capabilities by seamlessly integrating with SIEM, EDR, XDR, and SOAR. Automate forensic-level insights to fill the gaps that detection-focused tools alone can’t cover, eliminating blockers and accelerating your investigation workflow. Unified Workflows Streamline end-to-end hybrid environment investigations with a consistent, collaborative workflow. Break down silos, ensure data integrity, and enable collaborative, precise work with easy search, notes, and shared insights from collection to reporting—all in one platform. Accelerate response with AI-powered, proactive forensic precision Automation meets intelligence. Response meets resilience. Boost Efficiency Automate repetitive tasks, schedule and trigger tasks automatically, and reduce workflows from weeks to hours with concurrent forensic data collection and analysis across thousands of assets, for consolidated, contextualized insights in minutes, 24 x 7 x 365. Bolster Incident Readiness Deliver forensic investigation capabilities to your entire estate, giving remote teams immediate access to answers needed for rapid and secure recovery.  Leverage automation and integration capabilities to enable proactive security use cases. Uplevel the Team Enable on-the-job training, coaching, and consistency with shared libraries and built-in analyzers prioritizing key areas, while an intuitive, collaborative interface empowers teams to drive forensic investigations forward with confidence. Trusted by Organizations Worldwide Use-Cases Cyber Threat Investigation Quickly understand scope and uncover root cause with targeted forensic-level evidence collection and analysis, delivering prioritized insights across hundreds of assets. Gain clarity fast to inform precise response, remediation, and recovery with confidence. Automated Compromise Assessment Use our MITRE ATT&CK Analyzer and other analyzers to automate the periodic and proactive scanning for IOCs and anomalous activities across your entire estate to instantly spot threats that may have bypassed monitoring and prevention tools. Threat Hunting Move more quickly into the human-led phase of threat hunting with intelligent analysis and clear signposts to propel the hunt, refine and scale using the unique combination of YARA, sigma, and osquery searching across the estate or specific assets. Remote Evidence Collection & Analysis Use automation and intelligent analysis across on-prem, hybrid, and cloud environments to cut investigation time from weeks to hours, ensuring fast, consistent data collection and analysis across remote assets, with full auditability. Alert Validation & Triage Integrate seamlessly with SIEM, EDR and XDR to gain instant forensic level visibility and context to prioritize where to focus and enable confident decision-making for analysts to validate in alerts in under 15 minutes. Cross-Platform Investigations Obtain full, consolidated visibility of an incident, at speed, with remote collection and analysis across the broadest footprint of operating systems and hundreds of forensic artifact types. Quickly move through the investigation of hundreds of assets and hybrid environments in a single and unified platform. Industry Leaders Who Rely On Us Incident Response Blog 2 min read Why Detecting Browser-Stored Passwords Strengthens Cyber Resilience The Risk of Browser-Stored Passwords Modern browsers make it convenient to save credentials, but this convenience comes... 3 min read Revolutionizing Incident Response and Building True Cyber Resilience Cyber threats are relentless and constantly evolving. Organizations face an increasingly complex threat landscape,... 4 min read Incident Readiness vs. Incident Response In today’s hyper-connected enterprise, cyber threats are no longer occasional disruptions—they are persistent,... Ready to supercharge your investigations? Start your free trial and experience the power of automated investigations. No credit card required. Quick setup. Instant impact. Cut weeks off your IR workflow — Try AIR for free. Platform Overview Fleet AI Free 14-day Trial Book a Demo Release Notes Integrations Install & System Requirements Support Contact Support FAQ's Knowledgebase System Requirements Feature Request Support Policy Resources Blog All Resources Case Studies Events & Webinars Standalone Collectors EULA Company Who We Are Manifesto Leadership Careers Trust Investor Relations Contact Us Terms & Conditions (On-Premise) Terms & Conditions (SaaS) Privacy Notice Privacy Policy Responsible Disclosure Program Global Candidate Privacy Policy Impressum © 2025 Binalyze X Linkedin YouTube Return to top