Binotel™ | office telephony, virtual PBX, IP telephony, mini PBX, call center, IP PBX, IP telephony 044 333 44 44 Оffers About company Partnership Contacts Log in to MyBusiness 044 333 44 44 Ukraine Ukraine 044 333 44 44 Virtual PBX Smart CRM Bookon Crm Online Chat Call Tracking GetCall Online Wire App Оffers About company Partnership Contacts Log in to MyBusiness Home How to connect How Binotel virtual PBX works Functions and tariffs Tariffs CRM + IP telephony Call Сenter 20 000 thousand of companies have entrusted Binotel with their communication with customers 4.8 out of 5 our customers average rating of the quality of Binotel's work + 30 % more customers contacts received by a company with Binotel 200 000 thousand employees of companies communicate with customers through Binotel 20 thousand of companies have entrusted Binotel with their communication with customers 200 thousand employees of companies communicate with customersthrough Binotel 4.8 out of 5 our customers average rating of the quality of Binotel's work + 30 % more customers contacts received by a company with Binotel What is Virtual PBX? Virtual PBX is a service that combines all company numbers into a single network, stores all history and the records of conversations with customers. It also automates work and improves the efficiency of employees and the quality of customer service. Why you need a Virtual PBX To streamline and control employee communication with customers To automate communication with customers and work in the CRM system To see the volume and quality of conversations of each employee and the company as a whole To provide a consistently high level of customer service You can connect to Binotel PBX both your current landline and mobile numbers, and new phones, numbers of Binotel and other operators TOP 5 Binotel features according to our customers Personal account as a system for monitoring and managing communication with customers. First of all, you will have a personal account that stores data about all calls: their total number, time, duration, call records, missed list, detailed analytics and much more. Call recording You will have a record of all calls. This means that you can listen to any conversation between a manager and a customer. The fact of having this feature motivates employees to work more efficiently. Resolving disputes and training new employees is much faster and easier. Control of lost calls In your Binotel account, you will have a special tab where all missed calls go. And until the customer is called back or he himself does not call again, his call from this tab does not disappear. With this one tab, you will be able to handle more calls and get up to 30% additional sales. Multichannel Multichannel is the ability to receive several calls to one phone number at the same time. When connecting multichannel, customers will always be able to call your company and will never hear a busy signal in the handset, and you will receive more calls. Directing calls to a group of employees It is much cooler to direct calls from customers to a group of employees, and not just to one device. Thus, it will become easier to receive calls. The time to respond to the customer will be reduced. Missed will be less. And the most important, employees will stop handing over mobile phones to each other. And there will be no more chaos with handsets. +1 feature bonus: Combining telephony with your CRM (integration) All conversations between managers and customers will be automatically transferred to the CRM system. The following functions will also be available: auto-opening of a customer card when calling, auto-creation of a new card, customer activity history. Learn more from a Binotel expert He will not be intrusive, will answer questions and will surely save your time. Ask questions in the Online Chat. Or order a call - system will connect you in 30 seconds. We are trusted to communicate with customers Virtual PBX for communication with customers 22 euro per month 40 euro per month 110 euro per month Lite Personal account for managing IP-telephony Prevent and control the lost calls Call history and audio recording of all conversations Association of landline and mobile numbers in a single network Preservation and connection of existing numbers to PBX Organization of multichannel Personalized greetings Pro и Enterprise All the features of the Lite plan Analytics of the effectiveness of employees and departments Combining Binotel IP-telephony with your CRM Binotel plugin for Chrome - IP-telephony in the browser Customer base. Quick search by number and dial Call and SMS from the customer card Pocket Line service - full-fledged telephony on mobile. tel Ready-made statistics on the work of employees Customer Activity Trends Employee and Department Performance Metrics Button for ordering a call on your site - GetCall Module for processing a large number of Call Center calls Service for tracking calls from advertising Call Tracking Interactive voice menu (IVR) Connect Binotel, and if you change your mind within a month, we will refund your money without question. Because we are confident in our product. Connect Visualization of trends in customer activity and employee performance Smart features to help you sell faster, more and better CRM Instant integration of Binotel IP-telephony into your CRM system Control of all conversations on your landline and mobile phone numbers Interfaces personal account My.binotel A smart approach to sales and customer service 1 hour Connection to Virtual PBX 1 month Money back, if you hanged your mind 0 euro Connection, change of tariffs, settings 7 days/week Technical support and consultations binolink Code / link Please enter the valid code/link and try again Your shared code 05:00 Your link Share the link Get the link 2010 - 2025 Solutions Virtual PBX Smart CRM Bookon CRM Online Chat Call Tracking GetCall Online Wire App Company About company Оffers Contacts закрыть