Service End for Bintray, JCenter, GoCenter, and ChartCenter | JFrog Products Solutions Pricing Developers Resources Partners Discover Our Partner Ecosystem > Find a JFrog Partner > Explore Partner Integrations > Community > Documentation > Integrations > Applications > Use Case Cloud Solutions Flexible Cloud Deployment Solutions AI/ML Centralized AI Control & Governance (AI Catalog) Model Lifecycle Management (MLOps) Data Engineering & Feature Management (DataOps) MLSecOps DevOps Developer Experience Artifact Management Tool Consolidation Release Lifecycle Management DevSecOps Agentic Remediation Holistic Software Supply Chain Security Curate Open-Source Packages Source Code Scanning (SAST) Software Composition Analysis (SCA) Secrets Detection Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Security Device/IoT Connected Device Management Platform Ecosystem ServiceNow > GitHub > NVIDIA > Docker > Maven > See all integrations > Industry Financial Services > Public Sector > Technology > Healthcare > Gaming > Automotive > Enterprise > Learning & Guides JFrog Help Center > Demo Center > Security Research > JFrog Academy > Events > Webinars & Workshops > DevOps Consulting Services > JFrog Certifications > Software Supply Chain Topics > Collateral Resource Center > JFrog Blog > Customer Stories > State of the Union Report > Customer Zone Support > Customer support, tickets and community Manage & Troubleshoot > Renew, retrieve licenses, legal and more MyJFrog > Cloud customer portal Cloud Status > Service status & event subscription JFrog Trust > How we protect you & your data The JFrog Platform Deliver Trusted Software with Speed The only software supply chain platform to give you end-to-end visibility, security, and control for automating delivery of trusted releases. Bring together DevOps, DevSecOps and MLOps teams in a single source of truth. View Platform DevOps JFrog Artifactory Universal Artifact & ML Model Repository Manager JFrog Distribution Secure Distribution Across Consumption Points JFrog Connect IoT Device Management with DevOps Agility DevSecOps JFrog Curation Seamlessly Curate Software Packages & ML Models JFrog Security Essentials (Xray) Integrated SCA for Software & AI Artifacts JFrog Advanced Security Supply Chain Exposure Scanning & Impact Analysis JFrog Runtime Real-time visibility into runtime vulnerabilities DevGovOps JFrog AppTrust Application Risk Governance AI/ML JFrog AI Catalog Discover, Govern and Secure Your AI Ecosystem JFrog ML Build, Train, Serve and Monitor AI/ML Models Zero Configuration, Agentic Software Delivery for Small Teams. Learn More En Fr De 日本語 简体中文 Contact Us Try JFrog Products The JFrog Platform Deliver Trusted Software with Speed The only software supply chain platform to give you end-to-end visibility, security, and control for automating delivery of trusted releases. Bring together DevOps, DevSecOps and MLOps teams in a single source of truth. View Platform DevOps JFrog Artifactory Universal Artifact & ML Model Repository Manager JFrog Distribution Secure Distribution Across Consumption Points JFrog Connect IoT Device Management with DevOps Agility DevSecOps JFrog Curation Seamlessly Curate Software Packages & ML Models JFrog Security Essentials (Xray) Integrated SCA for Software & AI Artifacts JFrog Advanced Security Supply Chain Exposure Scanning & Impact Analysis JFrog Runtime Real-time visibility into runtime vulnerabilities DevGovOps JFrog AppTrust Application Risk Governance AI/ML JFrog AI Catalog Discover, Govern and Secure Your AI Ecosystem JFrog ML Build, Train, Serve and Monitor AI/ML Models JFrog Fly Zero Configuration, Agentic Software Delivery for Small Teams. Learn More Solutions Use Case Cloud Solutions Flexible Cloud Deployment Solutions AI/ML Centralized AI Control & Governance (AI Catalog) Model Lifecycle Management (MLOps) Data Engineering & Feature Management (DataOps) MLSecOps DevOps Developer Experience Artifact Management Tool Consolidation Release Lifecycle Management DevSecOps Agentic Remediation Holistic Software Supply Chain Security Curate Open-Source Packages Source Code Scanning (SAST) Software Composition Analysis (SCA) Secrets Detection Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Security Device/IoT Connected Device Management Platform Ecosystem ServiceNow GitHub NVIDIA Docker Maven See all integrations Industry Financial Services Public Sector Technology Healthcare Gaming Automotive Enterprise Pricing Developers Community Documentation Integrations Applications Resources Learning & Guides JFrog Help Center Demo Center Security Research JFrog Academy Events Webinars & Workshops DevOps Consulting Services JFrog Certifications Software Supply Chain Topics Collateral Resource Center JFrog Blog Customer Stories State of the Union Report Customer Zone Support Customer support, tickets and community Manage & Troubleshoot Renew, retrieve licenses, legal and more MyJFrog Cloud customer portal Cloud Status Service status & event subscription JFrog Trust How we protect you & your data Partners Discover Our Partner Ecosystem Find a JFrog Partner Explore Partner Integrations Blog Home Into the Sunset on May 1st: Bintray, GoCenter, and ChartCenter By Stephen Chin February 3, 2021 5 min read SHARE: UPDATE 7/2/2024: After over three years of maintaining JCenter as a read-only repository for legacy Java packages, JFrog is moving forward with an official sunset of JCenter, and, in coordination with Maven Central, will begin automatically redirecting all JCenter requests to the Maven Central Repository. The first of several service brown-outs is scheduled for July 30th and will periodically continue until the final shutdown of JCenter on August 15th . For more details, please see JFrog’s official announcement . UPDATE 4/27/2021: We listened to the community and will keep JCenter as a read-only repository indefinitely. Our customers and the community can continue to rely on JCenter as a reliable mirror for Java packages. UPDATE 2/28/2021: To better support the community in this migration, JFrog has extended the JCenter new package versions submission deadline through March 31st 2021 . JFrog is making some important changes that will impact users of Bintray, JCenter (part of Bintray), GoCenter, and ChartCenter. Bintray has provided the open source community a free, universal cloud platform for publishing and distributing binaries. Bintray helped JFrog support the Java community as the host of the JCenter repository for Java OSS libraries, packages and components. We launched GoCenter and ChartCenter to extend similar services to the Go and cloud-native communities. JFrog is evolving to meet the new challenges that developers face. Many of the services that Bintray provides are now served by the JFrog Platform for the open source community. Similarly, the Go and Helm communities have since created central repositories of their own that are drop-in replacements for our centers. To streamline the productivity of the JFrog Platform we will be sunsetting Bintray, GoCenter, and ChartCenter services on May 1st, 2021. Users of these services will need to migrate to the respective canonical repository, and we will continue to offer both trial and paid JFrog Platform cloud subscriptions that can serve other binary distribution needs. Additionally, JFrog is partnering with hubs like Docker to help ensure that infrastructure our customers and community depend upon is well maintained. ConanCenter, which we announced last January, will be going forward with additional investment to make it an even better resource for C and C++ developers relying on Conan packages . Expect continuous improvement in the developer experience for ConanCenter over the years to come. The changes are coming in these phases: When What’s Changing Now Bintray, JCenter, GoCenter, and ChartCenter service continues. Bintray/JCenter users should start migrating to a new hosting solution. February 28th, 2021 No more submissions will be accepted to GoCenter, and ChartCenter The GoCenter and ChartCenter websites will be disabled (client requests will still work). March 31st, 2021 No more submissions will be accepted to JCenter. April 12th, 26th, 2021 We will have some short service brown-outs to remind users about the services that are going away on May 1st. (Specific hours will be advertised in the Bintray status page.) May 1st, 2021 Bintray services will no longer be available. GoCenter, and ChartCenter services will no longer be available to non-Artifactory clients. (ConanCenter and JCenter are not affected). Here are some answers to questions you’re likely to have: What happens after the sunset of Bintray? On May 1, 2021, the sunset will impact all existing Bintray users. Bintray users will be blocked and will no longer be able to use the Bintray service. This includes existing software distribution, account administrative access, UI access, and the REST API. What is the community alternative for GoCenter and ChartCenter? The Go team has built a module repository for Go developers called pkg.go.dev that can be used as a direct replacement for GoCenter. Similarly the Helm community has built a chart and package library called ArtifactHub that can be used as a replacement for ChartCenter. I’m a Bintray Enterprise or Bintray Pro customer. What help should I expect? Bintray Enterprise and other select customers are being contacted by their JFrog account reps to help ensure their migration goes smoothly. They will provide sufficient support to confirm that you have successfully obtained all of your Bintray data, and validate that the content is no longer being downloaded before account disablement and data deletion. What happens to my data after Bintray is sunset? All of the data on Bintray is available for download through May 1st and we encourage you to transfer it out. JFrog will begin deleting data several weeks after the official sunset date and will not retain any Bintray data after that. I have Artifactory remote repositories configured to use JCenter, GoCenter, or ChartCenter. Will this break them? Artifactory installations with remote repositories configured against JCenter, GoCenter, and ChartCenter will not be affected by this sunset. We recommend that JFrog Cloud customers continue using jcenter.bintray.com, gocenter.io, and repo.chartcenter.io as Artifactory remote repositories going forward. JFrog self-hosted customers can also continue fetching from these repositories, but are encouraged to migrate to the canonical repositories. I have other questions about subscribing to the JFrog Platform. Who can I contact? If you need more answers, please feel free to contact us on Twitter @JFrog . Tags: conancenter gocenter chartcenter bintray jcenter Start a Trial SHARE: Sign up for blog updates I consent to receive JFrog Marketing communications. I understand I may unsubscribe at any time. By submitting this form, you agree to the processing of your personal data by JFrog as described in the JFrog Privacy Notice . Please see the JFrog Privacy Notice for how JFrog handles your personal data. Subscribe Popular Tags CI/CD Artifactory Best Practices DevOps Xray Experience JFrog Today Discover how the JFrog Platform unites DevOps, DevSecOps and MLOps for secure, rapid software delivery. Book a Demo YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Blog Accelerating Trusted Distribution of Software Innovation, Everywhere Read Now Cheat Sheet Easy to use cheat sheets! Learn More Solution Sheet JFrog Artifactory CDN Distribution and Peer-to-Peer Downloads Read Now Thank You! Full Name* Email* I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy Proceed Products Artifactory Xray Curation Distribution Container Registry Connect JFrog ML JFrog Platform Start Free Resources Blog Security Research Events Integrations JFrog Help Center Software Supply Chain Topics Open Source JFrog Trust Compare JFrog Company About Management Investor Relations Partners Customers Careers Press Contact Us Brand Guidelines Developer Community Downloads Community Events Community Forum Applications En En Fr De 日本語 简体中文 Follow Us © 2025 JFrog Ltd All Rights Reserved Discover More DevOps Security Platform What is a Software Supply Chain? What is DevSecOps? Terms of Use | Privacy Notice | Cookies Policy | Impressum | Cookies Settings | Accessibility Notice | Accessibility Mode Thank You! Your submission has been recieved. We will contact you soon! OK x Oops... Something went wrong Please try again later Continue Information Modal Message Continue Click Here 请点这里