Biotechnology Innovation Organization | BIO Skip to main content Policy Get Involved Join BIOAction View Advocacy Toolkit Patient Advocacy Human Health Cost and Value of Biopharmaceuticals Antimicrobial Resistance Vaccines & Biodefense Drug Development & Review International Global Markets & Trade Multilateral Organizations Intellectual Property All Policy Patient Advocacy Join BIO as we champion for bringing new treatments to patients with serious medical conditions and to support policies that promote innovation and improve patient access. Member Membership Options Become a BIO Member Member Directory Have a Voice Membership Eligibility Member Toolkit Benefits By Sector Human Health Startups Non-R&D Companies Member Savings VWR, Part of Avantor 75% off Lab Supplies Save with BIO Save with BIO News & Insights Latest biotech news Popular blogs Events Policy BIO Statements Press Releases Letters, Testimony & Comments Amicus Briefs BIO Reports Industry Analysis Reports Biotech Jobs Economic Development Best Practices BIO Briefly Issue Briefs BIO.News I am BIO Podcast All News & Insights Sign up for the BIO.News Newsletter > Events Event Portfolio Business Development Health International Professional Development Members Only All Events BIO International Convention June 22-25, 2026 | San Diego, CA Learn More BIO Europe November 3-5, 2025 Vienna, Austria Partnering @JPM Week January 12-15, 2026 San Francisco, CA BIO Investment & Growth Summit March 2-3, 2026 Miami, FL BIO Webinars Explore the webinar opportunities for interactive, online learning about emerging issues in biotechnology public policy, scientific progress, and raising capital, plus methods to benefit from BIO’s membership services. About About Us Learn about our priorities BIO Leadership Meet BIO's Senior Leadership and Board of Directors Biotech Basics Read about biotechnology Industry Recognition Get to know the outstanding people and companies BIO supports Careers @ BIO Explore job openings with BIO today Diversity & Inclusion > Our tools and initiatives on workforce development, diversity and inclusion are designed to advance a more globally competitive industry. Resource Hub Latest Resources BIO Early-Stage Resources Hub BIO Professional Development BIO Content Hub Biotech News (BIO.News) BIO.News Newsletter I am BIO Podcast BIO Advocacy Toolkit Resources Hub BIO Early-Stage Resources Hub BIO Professional Development BIO Webinars BIO Microsites Clinical Trials: The Power of Participation Covid Vaccine Facts Search Search Results Previously Searched Clear Search History Clear Search Policy Human Health Patient Advocacy International Intellectual Property All Policies Member Become a BIO Member Benefits By Sector Human Health Startups Non-R&D Companies Member Directory Have a Voice Membership Eligibility Savings News & Insights Press Releases Bio.News Blog Letters, Testimony & Comments Amicus Briefs Industry Analysis Reports Biotech Jobs Economic Development Best Practices Issue Briefs BIO.News Videos All News & Insights Events BIO International Convention BIO Asia-Taiwan All Events About About Us BIO Leadership Diversity & Inclusion Biotech Basics Industry Recognition Careers @ BIO Resource Hub Biotech News (BIO.News) BIO.News Newsletter I am BIO Podcast BIO Advocacy Toolkit BIO Early-Stage Resources Hub BIO Professional Development BIO Webinars Clinical Trials: The Power of Participation Covid Vaccine Facts × Search Search Results Previously Searched Clear Search History Clear Thrive with BIO Members enjoy exclusive opportunities - from advocating for policies that spur innovation to receiving discounts on BIO events and through BIO’s own cost-saving program. Unlock the possibilities and join us today. × Join BIO Become an Advocate Save with BIO Stay Current with BIO's News Hub Using AI In patent practice: Practical and ethical issues Learn more BIO IP Conference looks at academics and perceptions of IP Learn more Patient advocates urge action on PPRV to help fight rare disease Learn more Who invented what? BIO IP panel tackles joint inventorship Learn more Bayh-Dole at 45: Still an engine for innovation Learn more House passes BIO-backed legislation to increase access to capital Learn more Charlotte emerging as a global leader in health care innovation and… Learn more BIO-CSBA report explains why and how states seek to attract biotech Learn more Breaking barriers to a cure: Patient perspectives matter in type 1… Learn more BIO 2025 IP Conference: Challenging times for the laws that drive… Learn more What's New at BIO BioSafe Since 2003, BioSafe, BIO's preclinical safety committee, has been driving innovation in biopharmaceuticals by addressing key regulatory and scientific issues. Learn More Nature's Building Blocks Explore inspiring videos about how biotech is solving our world’s biggest sustainability, health, and equity challenges, produced in partnership with BBC StoryWorks. Learn More BIO Early-Stage Resources Hub BIO launched a powerful tool with exclusive resources to help early-stage and startup biotechs save money and stay up to date on the latest insights. Learn More BIO Webinars BIO’s free educational webinars cover topics ranging from policy to capital raising to member services—anywhere, anytime from your own device. Learn More Price controls on the U.S. Biopharma Ecosystem New research by Vital Transformation: Inflation Reduction Act hampers R&D across therapeutic areas. Learn More The Biotechnology Economic Impact Map Biotech’s Economic Impact. Go inside the BIO member companies driving the bioeconomy nationwide. Learn More Attend Our Upcoming Events Partnering @JPM Week January 12-15, 2026 | San Francisco, CA Learn More BIO Investment & Growth Summit March 2-3, 2026 | Miami, FL Learn More View All Events Why Join BIO? BIO’s strategic advocacy and unwavering leadership in the areas of renewable fuels and industrial products are helping to shape and drive the conversation in Washington and in state capitals across the nation. – David Kettner, President & General Counsel, Virent, Inc. We are proud to work with BIO to foster transformational medical innovation to improve the health of all those living with devastating diseases around the world. – Jennifer Taubert, EVP, Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals, J&J × If you're an Early-Stage company like we are at Nkarta my dues get paid for by the BIO Business Solution savings...to me, it's a very easy decision to be a part of BIO. – Paul Hastings, President & CEO, Nkarta, Inc. × BIO’s committees have given us a chance to be involved with other leaders on the cutting edge of biotech. We share a common goal to advance science and technology in the bioeconomy. –Dr. Jennifer Holmgren, CEO, LanzaTech Latest from the I am BIO Podcast Biotechnology is a National Security Asset Listen Now! The Faceless Middleman Between You and Your Doctor Learn more How Love Combined with Science Leads to Hope for Rare Disease Learn More Browse All Episodes About BIO The Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO) is the premier biotechnology advocacy organization representing biotech companies, industry leaders, and state biotech associations in the United States and more than 35 countries around the globe. BIO members range from biotech start-ups to some of the world’s largest biopharmaceutical companies – all united by the same goal: to develop medical and scientific breakthroughs that prevent and fight disease, restore health, and improve patients’ lives. BIO also organizes the BIO International Convention and a series of annual conferences that drive partnerships, investment, and progress within the sector. Biotechnology Innovation Organization Explore BIO Policy Events About Industry Insights Join Now BIO PAC For Members Member Directory BIO Policy Committees Cost-Savings Program BIO Events BIO International Convention BIO Partnering at JPM Week BIO CEO & Investor Conference BIO Investor Forum BIO Patient Health & Advocacy Summit BIO Intellectual Property Counsels Committee Conference 1201 New York Avenue NW, Suite 1300, Washington, DC, 20005 ・ 202-962-9200 © BIO 2025 All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact BIO