Biodiversity Heritage Library BHL works best with JavaScript enabled Biodiversity Heritage Library About Help FAQ Feedback Future of BHL BHL's future is uncertain, but hopeful. Follow the latest news of our ongoing transition. Learn More Inspiring discovery through free access to biodiversity knowledge. The Biodiversity Heritage Library improves research methodology by collaboratively making biodiversity literature openly available to the world as part of a global biodiversity community. Please read BHL's Acknowledgment of Harmful Content Major support and hosting provided by Search across books and journals, scientific names, authors and subjects Full-text Catalog advanced search Browse by: Title Author Date Collection Contributor New on the BHL Blog BHL is Growing! Announcing the First of Our New Members: University of South Florida Libraries A wave of support is building behind BHL. As we advance through our transition from long-term... Help Give BHL Wings This Giving Tuesday On 1 January 2026, the Biodiversity Heritage Library (BHL) will take flight, becoming fully... BHL at Living Data 2025 & GBIF Governing Board Meeting This month, members of the biodiversity community from across the globe gathered in Bogotá,... View More Blog Posts Today's Picks Flickr Stream View More Images on Flickr Help Support BHL Donate Now Join Our Mailing List Sign up to receive the latest news, content highlights, and promotions Subscribe Here Get Involved Ways To Contribute Harmful Content BHL acknowledges the existence of harmful content in many biodiversity science publications and original materials included in its collection. Please read BHL's Acknowledgment of Harmful Content for more information. Tools and Services BHL offers a wide range of free tools and services to support the use and re-use of our collections and data. Now Online 201,241 titles 323,337 volumes 63,669,036 pages Recent Additions BHL Consortium BHL operates as a worldwide consortium of natural history, botanical, research, and national libraries working together to digitize the natural history literature held in their collections and make it freely available for open access as part of a global "biodiversity community." Copyright and Reuse | Data Disclaimer | Developer and Data Tools | Partners | Privacy | Cookies | Terms of Use