bioMérieux, EN | Pioneering Diagnostics Skip to main content Candidates Partners Journalists Investors Corporate, EN Close Search Account Contact Blog News & Trends Antimicrobial Resistance & Stewardship Sepsis Acute Care Infectious Diseases Food Safety Pharmaceutical Quality Control Veterinary Latest Articles Accelerating the pace of innovation in cell and gene therapy – how USP <72> is set to rewrite the rules of sterility testing To achieve a definitive diagnosis in equine respiratory infections, testing is essential.  But have you ever had an in-depth look at each test characteristic ? One step ahead of STEC - combatting the public health challenge of Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) "Always consider sepsis in the context of infection." Education Medical Education Hub Antimicrobial Resistance & Stewardship Arboviral Diseases Educational Booklets Microbiology Sepsis Syndromic Testing Traumatic Brain Injury Knowledge Library Learning Lounge Food Safety & Quality Pharma Quality Control Media Statements Our Offer Hospital and Laboratory Patient Condition Antimicrobial Resistance COVID-19 Gastrointestinal Infections Respiratory Tract Infections Sepsis Urinary Tract Infections See all patient conditions Specialty Antimicrobial Stewardship Connectivity and Data IT Emergency & Critical Care Immunoassay Microbiology Syndromic Testing See all specialties Product range ARGENE ® SOLUTION BACT/ALERT ® BIOFIRE ® VIDAS ® VITEK ® See all products Point of Care Patient condition COVID-19 Respiratory Tract Infections Specialty Connectivity and Data IT General Practice Pediatrics Syndromic Testing Product Range BIOFIRE ® See all products Food Safety & Quality Industry Animal Proteins: Meat, Poultry & Alternatives Beverages Cocoa and Chocolate Confectionery Dairy and Plant-based Products Dietary Supplements Pet Food Produce Ready-To-Eat Food Application Environmental Monitoring Quality Indicators Pathogen Detection Microbial Culture & Identification Custom Molecular Assays Sample and Media Preparation Spoilage Detection Commercial Sterility Safe Industry Collaboration Through Data Sharing Root Cause Analysis Product Range SMARTBIOME GENE-UP® TYPER GENE-UP® VIDAS® KUBE™ TEMPO® D-COUNT® ENVIROMAP® All products Services Pharma Quality Control Specialty Cell & Gene Therapies Biopharmaceuticals & Vaccines Blood Banks Hospital Pharmacy & Compounding Non-Sterile Pharma & Personal Care Injectable Small Molecules Application Environmental Monitoring Sterility Testing Endotoxin Testing Mycoplasma Testing Platelet Bacterial Contamination Screening Microbial Identification Microbiological Quality Control Strains Multiplexed Immumoassays Solutions 3P® ENTERPRISE BACT/ALERT® 3D BIOFIRE® Mycoplasma BIOBALL® VITEK® MS PRIME ENDONEXT TM Services All products Digital Solutions Product Quality and Safety IVDR - In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation Quality Certificates Customer Service EAN Codes Safety Data Sheet Cybersecurity Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure Security Advisories Strategic Partnerships Antimicrobial Stewardship Centers of Excellence Service & Support Service eShop Resource Center Safety Data Sheet Support Normative, Regulatory and Validation Updates BIOFIRE System Documents Our Responsibility Health Access to our Solutions Our Impact Quality & Safety Planet Climate Change Eco-design Resources Healthcare ecosystem Bioethics Charter Expressing concerns Global Code of Conduct Patient Relations Preventing corruption Public and Governmental Affairs Relationships with Third Parties Employees Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Safety & Well-being Talent Attraction Social Dialogue Skills Development Intrapreneurship program Extended company bioMérieux Endowment Fund Philanthropy Responsible Distribution Sustainable purchasing Territorial development CSR objectives & certifications Health, Safety and Environmental ISO Certifications Who we are Company News Our Company Purpose bioMérieux at a glance bioMérieux Worldwide Our legacy Corporate Governance Board of Directors & Committees Executive Committee Global Code of Conduct Institut Mérieux Our Innovation strategy Candidates Partners Journalists Investors Need more information? Account Contact Search Suggestions Results From all of us at bioMérieux, warmest wishes for 2026. Best Wishes Let's continue to shape a healthier future for 2026 and beyond. A Leader in the Fight Against Antimicrobial Resistance At bioMérieux, we have long been committed to addressing the growing challenge of antimicrobial resistance. Diagnostics are critical in optimizing clinical decision-making and patient outcomes, as well as driving progress toward more cost-effective care and improving public health. Learn more about how we’re taking action Previous Next Best Wishes A Leader in the Fight Against Antimicrobial Resistance News Accelerating the pace of innovation in cell and gene therapy – how USP <72> is set to rewrite the rules of sterility testing With the introduction of new guidances and the endorsement of USP has not only provided a clear support for rapid microbiological methods, but it has also issued a challenge to the wider industry – pushing pharmaceutical companies are encouraged to innovate beyond current expectations by embracing processes that can deliver much faster testing results without compromising on safety and compliance. Discover more Swipe to discover more bioMérieux launches leading endocrinology testing offer dedicated to enhancing equine health bioMérieux, a world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics, today announced the launch of its immunoassay endocrinology offer for equine health, consisting of VIDAS® Equine INSULIN and VIDAS® Equine ACTH. Read the press release To achieve a definitive diagnosis in equine respiratory infections, testing is essential.  But have you ever had an in-depth look at each test characteristic ? When faced with a potentially contagious respiratory disease, the history and physical examination are obviously the first steps in evaluating the situation. However, laboratory testing remains essential to detect and identify the pathogens responsible for the infection, and thus confirm the risk of spreading to other horses. In such urgent situations, the key question is: are all tests really equivalent ? Read the blog post bioMérieux introduces an innovative solution to simplify the confirmation of Shigatoxin-producing Escherichia coli bioMérieux recently launched  IDEA™ STEC, an advanced Immuno Detection Evolution Agar designed to simplify and enhance the confirmation step in the detection of Shigatoxin-producing E. Coli. Read the news Enabling Decision-Making ANTIMICROBIAL STEWARDSHIP SEPSIS FOOD SAFETY & QUALITY PHARMA QUALITY CONTROL COVID-19 As an antimicrobial steward BE A GAME CHANGER You can help sustain antibiotic efficacy ​ for future generations with the right diagnostic tests to guide appropriate antibiotic therapy.​ Discover More In the fight against sepsis BE A GAME CHANGER Time is of the essence with suspected sepsis . To make rapid & accurate decisions, diagnostic is a real support. bioMérieux commits to offer a complete solution for sepsis management – from antibiotic initiation, to monitoring, to appropriate discontinuation.​ Discover more As a protector of consumer health BE A GAME CHANGER When you select a diagnostic partner you can trust , manufacturing safe food and beverages comes with confidence​. Discover more In ensuring quality pharmaceutical goods BE A GAME CHANGER By choosing the right partner and diagnostics solutions you can manufacture safer products, giving you confidence in the quality of your offer.​ Discover more In respiratory infections, including COVID-19 BE A GAME CHANGER To make sure your patients don’t miss a breath , you need a partner you can count on. bioMérieux offers a comprehensive range of diagnostic tools enabling various RESPIRATORY linked infections, including primary diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 you can rely on.​ Read more Previous Next ANTIMICROBIAL STEWARDSHIP SEPSIS FOOD SAFETY & QUALITY PHARMA QUALITY CONTROL COVID-19 Featured Products Hospital & Laboratory Point of Care Food Safety & Quality Pharma Quality Control VITEK ® REVEAL™ The newest addition to our Sepsis Solution, VITEK ® REVEAL™ offers fast AST results to effectively and efficiently manage bloodstream infections. Read more VIDAS ® KUBE™ VIDAS ® KUBE™ is designed to preserve everything labs appreciate about the VIDAS ® Solution combined with advanced technology. VIDAS ® KUBE™ is a truly flexible, cost-effective automated immunoassay solution providing fast results in complete confidence. Read more BIOFIRE ® FILMARRAY ® TORCH Syndromic infectious disease testing with BIOFIRE ® FILMARRAY ® TORCH is the fastest way to better results. Read more VITEK ® MS PRIME VITEK ® MS PRIME combines microbiology expertise with innovation taking mass spectrometry to the next level by maximizing the impact of daily laboratory workflow for better patient care. Read more BIOFIRE ® SPOTFIRE ® System The BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE System combines BIOFIRE’s high-multiplex PCR expertise with smart design to deliver fast, reliable results. With sample preparation and system setup completed in under 5 minutes, BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE enables syndromic testing across up to 4 modules and delivers automated results within a timeframe aligned with a typical patient visit. This efficiency may empower clinicians to make faster, more informed decisions at the Point of Care. Read more BIOFIRE ® SPOTFIRE ® Respiratory/Sore Throat Panels The BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panels enable testing for respiratory pathogens from either a nasopharyngeal swab, a throat swab or an anterior nasal swab, providing a flexible respiratory solution to meet the unique needs of point-of-care settings. Read more Respiratory Tract Infections When a patient is suffering from respiratory symptoms, it’s challenging to know what’s causing the illness without diagnostic results. Our respiratory solutions provide fast, comprehensive, and accurate answers for optimized patient care. Read more GENE-UP ® Our real-time PCR solution simplifies workflows, decreases cross-contamination risks, and gives you rapid results that speed up critical manufacturing decisions. Read more GENE-UP ® TYPER Move from test results to actionable insights and make impactful decisions within 2 hours from an isolated colony with GENE UP® TYPER. This real-time PCR assay utilizes probabilistic typing of specific microorganisms to help identify the root cause of contamination and avoid future recurrence. Read more VIDAS ® KUBE™ Automated Food Pathogens Detection VIDAS® KUBE™’s adaptable automation helps your lab to be more productive, more accurate, and at the forefront of innovation—all-in-one simplifed platform. Read more TEMPO ® Quality Indicator Solution TEMPO® is a fully automated enumeration system that tests quality indicators in food products and environmental samples within your laboratory. Read more ENDONEXT ™ Solutions ENDONEXT™ endotoxin detection assays are ushering in a new era of smarter, more sustainable pharmaceutical quality control. Read more BIOFIRE ® Mycoplasma BIOFIRE® Mycoplasma provides simple, accurate, and rapid in-house mycoplasma detection for use in testing raw materials, in-process samples, and final product release. We offer validation services designed to meet regulatory requirements—from documentation to comprehensive on-site support. Read more 3P ® ENTERPRISE Bridging the gap between standard processes and automation, 3P® ENTERPRISE transforms the future of environmental monitoring in the pharmaceutical industry. From sampling to trending, take control with an end-to-end, fully digitalized and automated workflow. Increase efficiency and ensure your products are safe and compliant with an innovative environmental monitoring system Read more VITEK ® MS PRIME The VITEK® MS PRIME is the next level of automated MALDI-TOF Mass Spectrometry system, that allows an accurate identification to the species-level. Read more Our purpose WE HELP MAKE THE WORLD A HEALTHIER PLACE This dedication to public health is the thread that connects everything we do. It connects us to our history - since 1963, we have been fulfilling the vision of the Mérieux family to improve health, while maintaining the values of respect, accountability, transparency, and sharing. Discover more PIONEERING DIAGNOSTICS Company Living Diagnostics Education Our Offer Service & Support Our Responsibility Who we are Other Websites bioMérieux Careers BioFire Diagnostics bioMérieux Industrial Applications bioMérieux Local Websites bioMérieux Resource Center Glossary of Scientific Terms FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA ©2025 BIOMÉRIEUX Legal Notice Data Privacy Cookie Policy Contact Site Map Close Accessibility Adjust Your Preferences Highlight Links Text Spacing Pause Animations Hide Images Cursor Line Height Back To Top