BirdLife International - BirdLife is the world leader in Bird Conservation × Welcome to BirdLife International en As a global Partnership, we believe in internationalism. We have translated as much content in your language as our resources allow. Please visit the English language site to view all of our content. Visit English Site Stay on current site Skip to Content arrow-down arrow-top-right bluesky email facebook linkedin location magnify pinterest print reddit search-button-close search-button triangle twitter Home About How we work News Advocacy Our science Support Us Become a member Show Global Search Close Global Search Donate to BirdLife International Menu Close Clear Search Press enter for results Menu Close Clear Search Press enter for results Home About How we work News Advocacy Our science Support Us Become a member Show Global Search Close Global Search Donate to BirdLife International Stronger Together We unite and strengthen conservation across borders, so birds and all life can thrive. Find out more Who we are Support us Global Flyways Shop Give birds a fighting chance Until 31 December, every gift you give will be matched and doubled – helping protect species that are fighting for survival. Donate Who we are Support us Global Flyways Shop Birds Connect us Learn about flyways, the “super highways” of the sky. Billions of birds follow these migration routes crossing deserts, mountains and oceans. Discover the Global Flyways Who we are Support us Global Flyways Shop Shop BirdLife Our products are made from sustainable materials and printed in a renewable energy powered factory. Shop Who we are Support us Global Flyways Shop We’re the only global Partnership conserving birds and all life on our planet. We exist to give one voice to nature, and to unite and strengthen conservation across borders. Who we are What we do We work across borders We’re a global family of 123 national Partners covering all continents, landscapes and seascapes. Explore the partnership Africa The Americas Asia Europe and Central Asia The Middle East The Pacific Latest news 18 December 2025 Nature restoration takes off: mid-term assessment of National Restoration Plans A new NGO-led evaluation finds that implementation of the Nature Restoration Law (NRL) is underway in most Member States, marking a crucial first step towards repairing Europe’s degraded ecosystems. With National Restoration Plans (NRPs)[1] taking shape across the EU, success now hinges on political leadership, proper resourcing and broad stakeholder backing. Read article Nature restoration takes off: mid-term assessment of National Restoration Plans 11 December 2025 Sweden has lost the Snowy Owl The Snowy Owl has been declared Regionally Extinct in Sweden. For the first time in 20 years, the country has officially lost a bird species. Read article Sweden has lost the Snowy Owl 10 December 2025 Sign now: one week left before pesticides stay indefinitely On 16 December, the EU Commission will propose to water down laws that control the use of pesticides. This means even more widespread toxic chemicals in our food, our water, and our air. Read article Sign now: one week left before pesticides stay indefinitely 10 December 2025 Green protection gutted: EU Commission jeopardises nature and health safeguards EU law-dismantling proposals mark a dangerous turn toward weaker rules and increased public health risks. Read article Green protection gutted: EU Commission jeopardises nature and health safeguards 09 December 2025 Europe - Don’t turn your back on nature The ongoing “simplification” drive risks setting back nature protection by decades and fails to safeguard us from the climate crisis. Read article Europe - Don’t turn your back on nature 09 December 2025 12 Days of BirdLife: Our 2025 Highlights As 2025 comes to a close, we reflect on everything our Partnership and supporters have accomplished and want to thank all who have made these achievements possible. Read article 12 Days of BirdLife: Our 2025 Highlights All news We need your help Want to help us build a future where birds and all life thrive? Donate today, or learn about other ways you can help. Donate Now Other ways to help Registered charity 1042125 Help Us Donate Become a member Species Champions Legacies Shop Get Involved Newsletter signup Careers Calls for tender DataZone Contact us Birds About BirdLife The BirdLife Partners Our Donors Scientific papers and reports Our annual review Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion My BirdLife Newsletter settings Sitemap Supporter Promise Legal Privacy policy Terms of use Cookie settings Complaints procedure BirdLife's Bluesky Facebook Instagram LinkedIn © BirdLife International. All rights reserved. Product Design & Development by Hex Digital