Birdie: Request, Watch, and Resolve with Screen Recordings Solutions Request Screen Recordings Let your customers record their screen to show the issue clearly. Zendesk Intercom Jira Help Scout Freshdesk Freshchat Record my Screen Capture your screen, logs, and repro steps—all in one click. Learn More Install Birdie extension Request Screen Recordings Let your customers record their screen to show the issue clearly. Zendesk Intercom Jira Help Scout Freshdesk Freshchat Record my Screen Capture your screen, logs, and repro steps—all in one click. Learn More Security Pricing Toolbox The Lab Sign in Get Started Get Started Skip the back-and-forth Request screen recordings from customers, so your team can see the issues clearly and resolve them quickly. Get Started Book a demo We work GREAT with TRUSTED BY 2,500+ LEADING SUPPORT TEAMS REQUEST Screen RecordingS INCOMING When clarity is missing, tickets drag on With screen recordings from your customers, your team can see exactly what's happening —right inside your existing helpdesk . See more RECORD MY SCREEN OUTGOING Replicate the issue. Record. Resolve. Record your screen, capture logs and repro steps , and send complete bug reports – in just one click. See more Capture Logs Capture console  logs and network requests  with every screen recording, giving engineers the insights they need to troubleshoot and resolve issues faster Hide sensitive data Sensitive data is automatically hidden in your web app, ensuring compliance with company policies and building trust with your customers No download required Your customers can record their screens instantly—no installations, no downloads, no frustration. It’s effortless for everyone, even non-tech-savvy users Just look at the Results* Proof that Birdie elevates your support operations Get Started Book a demo + 60% Faster Time to Resolution + 20% Higher Customer Effort Score + 35% Reduction in Escalation Rate 1 hour Saved Daily per Agent Get Started Book a demo * based on real customer stories Enterprise grade security Enterprise grade security Privacy and security are top of mind for us at Birdie. With Birdie’s end-to-end approach to data security, privacy, and control, our solution includes tools that empower your teams to achieve compliance with confidence and security infrastructure that keeps your data safe. Learn more Before Birdie, customers would sometimes send us videos of their issues, but it was rare and unstructured. Birdie made screen recording a seamless part of our workflow, transforming how we diagnose and resolve issues. It’s been a game changer for our team. Matt Lewis Head of User Operations ✦ AI21 Labs Birdie records the screen, logs, and repro steps automatically, saving frontline agents from endless follow-ups and giving engineers what they need to fix issues faster. Lauren Bougie Manager of Customer Care ✦ Amilia Every support rep knows the pain of ‘Can you ask the customer for more details?’ Birdie fixes that by capturing the full picture upfront. It’s saved us countless hours! Plus our customers love how easy it is to record their screen—it just works. Christos Chrysos Director of Customer Support ✦ Schoox Birdie integrates with your current Helpdesk Transform how your team resolve issues Get Started Book a demo Discover a new way to accelerate issue resolution and delight customers. Solutions Request  Recordings Record my Screen Integrations Zendesk Intercom Jira Help Scout Freshdesk Freshchat About Documentation Toolbox The Lab Contact us Security Pricing Vision Help System Status Legal Privacy policy Data processing addendum Privacy for humans © Birdie. All rights reserved. Screen Recording Let your customers record their screens so you understand clearly their request. Zendesk Intercom Jira Help Scout Freshdesk Freshchat Zest Welcome! Zest evolves to Birdie Same team, better product, bigger ambitions. Let’s talk Thank you - we will get in touch soon! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Welcome! Zest evolves to Birdie Same team, better product, bigger ambitions.