BISE Lahore Important Announcements ❌ Rechecking for Intermediate 2nd Annual Examination, 2025 Prime Minister's Digital Pakistan Initiative Advertisement for Assistant to Head Examiners Application Form for Assistant to Head Examiners Inter Registration Schedule for SSC (2nd Ann.) Students Revised Admission Schedule SSC (1st Ann.) Exam 2025 Get Rechecking Date & Time SSC (2nd Ann.) Exam 2025 Smart Syllabus (ALP) and Model Papers for Grade-11 Smart Syllabus (ALP) and Model Papers for Grade-9 Newsletter 2025 - Transforming Education For Latest News and Information Follow us on... Provide Bank Details ❌ BISE LAHORE Board of Intermediate & Secondary Education, Lahore. Home About Us Downloads Notifications Contact Us Term of Deputationists ▾ Chairmen Secretaries CEs Sitemap Search: Name Correction F-Name Correction D.O.B Correction Tracking ID Print Challan Online Results SSC Members HSSC Members Result Statistics Apply Now Apply Now Apply Now Apply Now image gallery Complaints RTI Careers Affiliation Portal Duty Orders Tenders Photo Gallery Position Holders Newsletter Online / Active Systems Apply for Rechecking of Inter (2nd Ann.) 2025 Check Status of Rechecking Inter (2nd Ann.) 2025 Regular Inter Registration for SSC (2nd Ann.) 2025 Candidates Get Rechecking Date & Time SSC (Second Annual) Exam 2025 Private Admission SSC (First Annual) Examination 2026 Regular Admission SSC (First Annual) Examination 2026 Roll No. Slips HSSC (2nd Ann.) Exam 2025 Get Rechecking Time HSSC (Part-I) (1st Ann.) Exam 2025 Roll No Slips for SSC (Second Annual) Exam 2025 Get Rechecking Date & Time HSSC (First Annual) Exam 2025 HSSC Private Registration (Class-XI) Session 2025-27 Checck Status Rechecking 9th First Ann 2025 HSSC Regular Registration (Class-XI) Session 2025-27 Private Pre-Enrollment for SSC (1st Ann.) Exam 2026 SSC Regular Enrollment (9th-Class) Session (2025-27) Latest News Tender Notice for the Framework Contract for hiring the Security Services / Security Guards. Tender Notice for the Framework contract for hiring the Examination Furniture etc. Tender Notice for the procurement of HP Toners / Catridges for different model of Printers Tender Notice for the procurement of White Printing / Writing Paper Ruled (Lined) Tender Notice for the procurement of Polythene Envelopes and Polythene Shopping Bags Tender Notice for the Framework Contract for SMS Services Tender Notice for the procurement of Drums, Kits, Ink Catridges & Accessories Tender Notice for the procurement of Offset Paper Imported Tender Notice for the procurement of Biodegradable Envelopes Tender Notice for the preparation of Answer Sheets Tender Notice for the procurement of Offset Paper Imported Size A3 Tender Notice for the procurement of Cloth Bags Tender Notice for the procurement of Craft Paper, Scholar Paper & Drawing Paper Tender Notice for the procurement of Cover Sheets Tender Notice for the procurement of Sports Items / Goods / Material for the Sports Competitions Tender Notice for the procurement of Inks for Copyprinters and Master Rolls etc. Tender Notice for the Framework Contract regarding hiring of vehicles Tender Notice for the Framework Contract regarding hiring of Examination Furniture / Items etc. Tender Notice for the procurement of Items (Printing Inks, Thread Cones, Glue etc.) Tender Notice for the procurement of Stationery Items / Goods / Materials. Updated Scheme of Studies and Syllabus for HSSC 11th and 12th (Academic Session 2025-2027) Attraction of the Young Generation on key and multifarious aspects from the Life of Rehmatul-lil-Aalameen Controller of the Year 2024 Award for Mr. Muhammad Zahid Mian (CE BISE, Lahore) awarded by Worthy Secretary HED and Secretary BISE, Lahore. Updated Scheme of Studies and Syllabus for SSC 9th and 10th (Academic Session 2024-2026) Directions for Practical Examiners for Matric and Intermediate Examinations and Onward for All Examinations (SSC & HSSC) Notification Regarding Certificates of Year 2021-22 as OBT Admission Schedule for SSC (Second Annual) Examination 2024 Appointments of Government Teaching Staff for Marking of Scripts / Answer Sheets for SSC & HSSC Examinations of BISE Circular by the Competent Authority regarding meticulous compliance by all concerned Letter of Immense Commendation for Exceptional Service Scheme of Studies and Syllabus for HSSC 11th and 12th (Academic Session 2016-2018 & onward) Notification regarding Tarjuma-tul-Quran Subject for Deaf and Dumb Candidates Notification regarding unbundling of Scheme of Studies from the Academic Session 2022-23 Notification regarding Textbook of Mutala-e-Pakistan / Pakistan Studies Grade-12 Books of "Imraniyat (Sociology) Part-I & II" for Intermediate Level Written by Muhammad Kashif is banned for Teaching Notification regarding Syllabus / Course for the Academic Session 2021-22 Instruction regarding the use of PNB Computer Science for Grade-X for Academic Session 2021-22 New Syllabus of Geography for Intermediate (Part-I & II) Notification Regarding Practical Examination for the Subject of Computer Science SSC (Part-II) The Book on "Islam, Belief and Practices for Cambridge O-Level and IGCSE Islamiyat", written by Yasmin Malik, Published by Stafona Books Publishers, is Banned by Punjab Curriculum and Textbook Board, Lahore . MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN Dear Esteemed Students, Parents, and Teachers, I am highly delighted to extend my heartfelt welcome to you all. At the BISE Lahore, we are committed to ensuring the highest standards in education. Our unwavering dedication to the seamless conduct of Secondary and Higher Secondary School Examinations guarantees not only timely but also transparent results. Understanding the importance of swift academic services, we have implemented a rapid student support system. Furthermore, our state-of-the-art automated online fast-tracking system is designed to enhance efficiency, ensuring a smooth academic journey for every student. Together, let us forge a path of excellence in education. Transparent evaluation is our priority. Warm regards, Marryam Khan Chairperson Strict Ban on Guess Papers Model Papers Matric Intermediate Tweets by BISE Lahore Quick Links » AJK Mirpur Board » Bahawalpur Board » Dera Ghazi Khan Board » Faisalabad Board » Federal Board » Gujranwala Board » Multan Board » Rawalpindi Board » Sahiwal Board » Sargodha Board » Higher Education Department GoP » Punjab Educational Endowement Fund (PEEF) » Punjab Examination Commission (PEC) » Punjab University (PU) » Virtual University (VU) » Allama Iqbal Open University (AIOU) » Online College Admission System (OCAS) » E-Learn Punjab » Pakistan Citizen Portal » Rahmatul.lil. Aalameen (PBUH) Scholarship 86-Mozang Road, Lahore Tel:+92 42 99200192-197 Fax:+92 42 99200113 E-mail: [email protected] Stay up to date with what's happening... Biselhrofficial Copyright © 2019 B.I.S.E, Lahore. All Rights Reserved.