Why Bitbucket
Self-Hosted
Pricing
Get it Free
Sign in
Code and CI/CD, powered by AI and the Atlassian platform

Accelerate software delivery from idea to code to production, with a seamless connection to Jira and AI beyond code creation

Try it now
Watch demo
AI throughout the SDLC

Reduce cycle times across the development lifecycle with AI-powered search, code review, pipeline triage, and even Jira updates.

Extensible and all-in-one

Streamline software development with a complete platform from idea to code to production. Integrate your other tools as you need them.

Platform-wide standards

Be confident in your software delivery with enforced standards, policies, and compliance checks across all code and CI/CD.

AI that provides context to code, not just vibes

Friction slowing you down? Bitbucket helps you find your flow and stay there, with code and CI/CD connected to Jira and powered by AI

Migrating to the cloud?

Bitbucket Cloud supercharges code and CI/CD with AI that knows your team, code base, feature requirements, and more as part of the Atlassian Cloud platform, so no infrastructure is required.

Get in touch
15 million developers build on Bitbucket
1/4
"The Jira/Bitbucket integration has transformed the way our software teams are able to communicate, work together, and deploy code. It's been an absolute game changer for us."
NATE VAN DUSEN, ENGINEERING PROGRAM MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR

Trulia

←
→
Platform-wide AI beyond code generation

Atlassian supercharges workflows with AI beyond code generation, accelerating development throughout the software lifecycle.

Introducing Rovo Dev

Reduce friction and automate busywork across software development with agentic AI for developers. Generate code plans, turn Jira items into code, review code and more.

Learn about Rovo Dev
AI where you work

Spend more time coding with AI that knows your codebase in Bitbucket, work items in Jira, documentation in Confluence, and more, accessible anywhere, even in the CLI.

Learn more
AI-powered teams

Contribute to any codebase on day one. With Rovo and Bitbucket, you and your team are always up to speed on all discussions, documentation, even work items statuses.

AI integrations

Combine Atlassian’s enterprise knowledge with other AI tools, such as other LLMs or IDEs, using our Remote MCP Server (in beta).

Learn more
Learn how trust and safety are the cornerstones of Atlassian's approach to AI
Security and compliance
Code compliance at scale

Enforce code quality policies and compliance requirements across the organization with standardized, customizable merge checks.

Shift-left security integrations

Build secure software while coding, during code review, and as part of CI/CD workflows with native security capabilities and partner integrations.

Orchestrate CI/CD organization-wide

Run CI/CD workflows across your organization using hosted or private runners—or both, with centralized visibility across pipeline status, testing policies, deployment environments and more, no infrastructure needed.

Granular access and usage permissions

Control permissions at the workspace, space, or repo level or define specific branch level or environment level permissions.

Integrate Bitbucket with the tools you use

Connect Bitbucket to market-leading partner tools across AI code generation, security, testing, monitoring, and more. Build custom integrations to meet the exact needs of your organization.  

See all integrations
Deliver high quality software. Fast.

Measure and improve productivity, quality, and speed with the AI-native SDLC for every software team.

Explore Software Collection
Learn more
Migrate to Bitbucket cloud

Our free app moves your code and users from Bitbucket Server or Data Center to Cloud.

Learn more
Scale CI/CD with Bitbucket Pipelines

Learn how Atlassian builds secure CI/CD workflows to support 10,000 people using over 1 billion build minutes a month.

Watch the webinar
3X a DevOps Leader

For the third year in a row, Atlassian was named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant ™ for DevOps Platforms.

See the report
New features on the horizon

Learn more about what we’ve recently shipped and what we’re building next for your team.

Learn more
Take Bitbucket Cloud for a spin
Try it now
Bitbucket
Blog
Bitbucket writing program
API
Site status
Resources
Technical support
Documentation
Plans & pricing
What is Version Control?
Connect with us

Sign up for Git articles and resources:

Connect with Bitbucket
Privacy policy
Your Privacy Choices
Terms of use
Trust & security

Copyright © 2025

View all Atlassian products
Choose your language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
한국어
Nederlands
日本語
Polski
Português
русский
中文
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience, perform analytics and research, and conduct advertising. To change your preferences, click Manage preferences. Otherwise, clicking Accept all cookies indicates you agree to our use of cookies on your device. Clicking Reject all cookies means you do not agree to our use of non-strictly necessary cookies on your device.Atlassian Cookies and Tracking Notice
Manage preferences Reject all cookies Accept all cookies