bitdrift - mobile observability bitdrift PRODUCT RESOURCES Pricing Docs Because mobile observability shouldn't suck Get real-world visibility into your mobile app. No release cycles, no extra wiring, no noise. Define what matters remotely, capture rich on-device logs, and surface the most important sessions for quick debugging. Free trial Get Demo Why bitdrift Stop bugs from becoming 1-star reviews Catch issues before you ever get a complaint. From full blown app crashes to slow-loading screens, ANRs, out-of-memory errors, and more, illuminate the trickiest issues in real-time. More telemetry, lower cost Leverage on-device storage and our patented ring buffer to capture unlimited data and store only the signals you care about. Learn More Crash data is just the start Catch and fix crashes quickly, using the most relevant data. Plus, easily discover slow loading screens, ANRs, out-of-memory errors, and other non-fatals. Learn More Uncover issues you never could before Uncover issues you never knew existed and debug on the edge with full context - no log limits, no new syntax, and no app re-releases. Learn More From Galaxy to Glitch Zoom in from millions of devices to the one that matters. Filter by device type, OS version, behavior, and more. Deploy changes instantly. No app update required Want to collect more data? Simply change or deploy a new workflow and watch the data roll in. No need to redeploy your app or wait on app store approval. Learn More Resolve bugs faster with visual, context rich debugging 3D session replay, in-depth logs, synthetic metrics, and targeted filtering helps you solve issues faster with the right information. Learn More See what your users see in real time See a moment-by-moment view of what happened around every issue, with privacy-conscious replays from the sessions that matter. Learn More New Observability Observability that's custom-built for mobile The way we build and deploy software has changed radically in the past decade, but most observability is still stuck in a traditional model that severely limits how developers debug and monitor their apps. Our approach is all about building and scaling better apps with unlimited telemetry, instantly deployed changes, and a cost model that doesn't break the bank. BITDRIFT DRAG TO COMPARE TRADITIONAL 01 Doesn't impose cost constraints Only pay for what's useful. bitdrift stores and analyzes just the data you need and not everything you collect. 02 Lets you log everything No limits. Log everything from device events to network context if it might help one day, capture it now. 03 Builds intelligence into devices Devices decide what to log and store in real time powered by a local Ring Buffer and smart logic at the edge. 04 Has instant feedback cycles Make telemetry changes and deploy them instantly. No need to wait for releases or approvals. 05 Gives mobile the focus it deserves Mobile devs finally get first-class observability on par with backend tools, purpose-built for app fleets. 01 Expensive & inefficient Whether you pay for storage or per host, Old Observability costs a lot: well past 30% of most teams' entire infrastructure bill. That's because you pay for what you generate, instead of what you actually use. 02 Forces teams to log less High costs make teams log only what's essential, leading to gaps in context when things break. 03 Assumes dumb devices Old Observability treats devices as passive log shippers with no logic beyond basic filters or hardcoded telemetry. 04 Has slow feedback cycles Lack of context forces teams to add logs after issues occur, delaying fixes until the next deployment and new data collection. 05 Ignores mobile Old Observability leaves mobile behind. Devs rely on patchwork tools and only hear about bugs when users report them. Log everything, but only send what you really need Most solutions start streaming data to expensive backend observability pipelines on install. Instead, we believe you shouldn't be limited by log limits and hefty overage fees. We use a local storage ring buffer combined with our control plane to give you maximum control over the data you need, anytime you need it. How it works 01 Install the bitdrift SDK Integrate our lightweight SDK into your app to capture rich telemetry with minimal overhead. Available for Android, iOS, React Native, and Electron. Start the logger with your API key to begin collecting data. Learn More 02 Deploy a workflow Set up targeted workflows to monitor specific events or behaviors. Workflows enable real-time data collection and visualization, allowing you to focus on what matters most. Learn More 03 Review important alerts Get notified when unexpected behavior occurs. Quickly catch crashes and non-fatal errors, review relevant sessions, and work towards a solution quickly. Learn More 04 Investigate events in the timeline Use the timeline to replay sessions and debug with logs, network data, app state changes, and crash reports. Learn More 05 Explore Instant Insights Access Instant Insights to view automatically generated dashboards showcasing app health, user experience, resource usage, and network performance. These charts help you quickly identify trends and anomalies. Learn More Testimonials What our customers love about us Patrick Sunday Director of Infrastructure, Lyft Since integrating bitdrift into our open beta program, we've dramatically improved how quickly we resolve issues before they reach millions of users. Ship-blocking defects that once took days or weeks are now fixed in hours, thanks to deeper insight into root causes. It's reduced time-to-learn from production in a practical way. Laurie Darcey Mobile Platforms, Reddit Capture transformed our development process, boosting efficiency and customer experience. Bug resolution is faster than ever, and app stability has noticeably improved. It's more than a tool, it's a game-changer for mobile teams. Paul Frazee CTO, Bluesky bitdrift makes debugging faster. One engineer fixed a long-standing bug in 30 seconds using a query that reproduced the issue in production. We now spend less time chasing bugs and more time shipping features. David Bolcsfoldi Director, System Software With bitdrift, we can capture new telemetry across millions of devices without a single redeploy, giving our teams real-time visibility to debug issues as they happen. Its flexible approach has quickly made it an indispensable part of our observability stack. Igor Korobka Staff Engineer, FavorDelivery I think bitdrift is one of those rare products where people have needed it desperately, they just didn't know it. It makes a previously very expensive and hard to obtain context available to almost anyone, which will propel the entire industry to new heights and new levels of quality. Anny Walker Senior Mobile Engineer, MileIQ In bitdrift, we can get device signals like battery usage and network performance - things that we are not actively putting somewhere in code. We get it just because we integrated the bitdrift SDK. Andy George Senior Product Manager, iCabbi I was not very aware of what mobile observability needed to do or why we needed it... now [thanks to bitdrift] it's really front and center. Drew Heavner Staff Engineer, Reddit bitdrift helps us detect and resolve client defects without needing new deployments.It's been crucial in keeping weekly mobile releases on track and maintaining a stable, smooth production environment. Daniel Kaparunakis Staff Engineer, FavorDelivery Using workflows is significantly easier than having to learn a very specific query language that works on one specific tool. I can easily tell my engineers,'hey, here's how you use the tool.' Then boom. Enterprise Ready Safeguard credentials, content, and storage BYOB Keep strict control over your sensitive data on your own blog storage while bitdrift runs the rest of the system as a full SaaS. SOC 2 bitdrift has partnered with Assurance Lab to achieve the SOC 2 type I compliance certification. Customers can now rest easy that their telemetry data is in good hands and governed by audited industry best practices. Performance-centric Our SDK is built for high-performance, low-overhead observability, giving you unmatched visibility without affecting user experience Ready to get started? Start your trial! Free trial Get Demo Quick tour of bitdrift Capture Peter Morelli, CEO at bitdrift Product Capture Pricing Docs Use Cases Crash Reporting Issue Debugging Real User Monitoring Live Streaming Analytics & Funnels Features Session Replay Funnels User Journeys Performance Monitoring Spans Company About Us Blog Careers Resources Changelog Community Contact System Status Privacy Policy Terms of Service Socials Product Hunt Bluesky Mastodon YouTube Twitter Slack Github © 2023- 2025 bitdrift, Inc. All rights reserved. Command Menu