Learn & Earn: Play to Earn Crypto Rewards and Learn Web3! 🔥 BitDegree partnered with Ogvio - a free international money transfer service ! Sign up now & grab Rewards ! 🎁 Missions Guilds Friends Airdrops Bonus Wallet Create Mission Crypto Hub Connect to gain The fun & smart way to Earn Rewards Ace quick missions & earn rewards while gaining real-world Web3 skills 246K+ gainers playing Get Started Join the community X Telegram Discord Facebook Subscribe Connect to Gain Own your Guild. Create a real, engaged community, not just a number. Create Guild How does it work? BitDegree Missions Ace Missions Complete exciting Missions from your favorite brands. The more micro tasks you solve, the more Bits you collect, the bigger your crypto rewards will be. Start Mission Gain Skills BitDegree Missions provides real-world skills through the learn & earn model. Level-up your crypto knowledge with the best motivator - valuable rewards. Gain Now Get Rewards Complete Missions, refer as many friends as you can & earn exclusive airdrops, crypto rewards, tokens, and other valuable prizes from biggest brands. Get Rewards Turn Bits into Tokens Play, collect Bits and turn them into actual tokens, airdrops & exclusive prizes. Download the app now & get a bonus 500 Bits! Create your own Missions. Reward your community. Your success is how engaged your community is. Make it buzz by building your own micro Missions. Create your own Missions. Reward your community. Create Mission Refer friends. Multiply earnings. Invite friends to play - you'll both be rewarded. The more friends you invite, the higher your earnings & bonuses will be. Your invited circle will keep passively generating you rewards. Start Gaining Rewards from the Best in the industry. FAQ What is BitDegree? BitDegree is a gamified and incentive-driven (Play-and-Earn) platform for learning about crypto and the wider Web3 space. Players participate in topic- or project-dedicated BitDegree Missions, where they solve quizzes, tackle blockchain & social actions, and research topics from provided content pieces - all within a set time limit. While the learning happens in the background, participants can earn crypto learning rewards and win unique prizes! How can I earn crypto rewards? You can learn and earn crypto rewards by completing Missions on BitDegree . Each Mission comes equipped with its own unique rewards, ranging from tokens, airdrops and NFTs , all the way to tangible rewards, such as merch or hardware wallets . Completing BitDegree Missions, you will also earn Bits - points that can then be exchanged for tokens or exclusive crypto rewards. Earn more Bits by inviting your friends over to participate in Missions! What kind of crypto rewards can I get? The crypto rewards received from BitDegree Missions play-to-earn game will vary depending on the Mission you're solving. All Missions grant a specific number of Bits upon completion - these are points that can later be exchanged for exclusive rewards. Free Mission crypto rewards themselves can include tokens, stablecoins, NFTs, or even tangible goodies, such as hardware crypto wallets, tickets to exclusive events, and major project merchandise! What are Bits? Bits are special points used in the BitDegree Missions . Players can accumulate Bits in a few ways - by successfully completing Mission rounds, by completing the Mission in full, by reaching certain Streak milestones, and by inviting their friends over to participate in Missions & learn and earn crypto together! The more Bits you have, the higher your Degree will be - a higher Degree results in better odds of winning crypto rewards! What is a Mission Builder? The BitDegree Mission Builder is a dedicated tool for creating "Learn and Earn" crypto Missions . It's a custom-developed, fully functional user interface that will guide you every step of the way, from setting up your Mission visuals and free crypto rewards info, all the way to creating unique rounds comprised of different tasks to complete. The Mission Builder lends itself to being the perfect way to create a dedicated P2E game for your community! What are Guilds? BitDegree Guilds are project-dedicated spaces within the BitDegree Missions platform. Each Guild houses Play-to-Earn Missions about the underlying platform, which makes them a great way to learn Web3 and find out more about your favorite projects . For creators, Guilds serve as a community-building tool - a place where you can educate your fans about your project, offer unique Mission experiences, and reach a broader audience. Subscribe to Crypto Newsletter Education Learn & Earn Crypto 101 Crypto Newsletter Crypto Guides Crypto News Crypto Videos Crypto Deals Play to Earn App Research & Analysis Best Crypto Exchanges Exchange Comparisons Best Crypto Wallets Best AI Tools Crypto Prices dApp & NFT Tracker Top Crypto Bitcoin (BTC) Ethereum (ETH) Tether (USDT) BNB (BNB) XRP (XRP) Top Crypto Exchanges Kraken Bitget Binance Bybit MEXC Top Crypto Wallets Ledger Flex Review Trezor Safe 7 Review Ledger Nano Gen5 Review Top Reviews Kraken Review Bitget Review Binance Review Bybit Review MEXC Review The company About BitDegree BitDegree Experts Our Analysis Methodology EU Research Projects Referral Program Advertise on BitDegree BitDegree Sponsors Hiring Contact Subscribe to Crypto Newsletter BitDegree App BitDegree aims to uncover, simplify & share Web3 & cryptocurrency education with the masses. Join millions, easily discover and understand cryptocurrencies, price charts, top crypto exchanges & wallets in one place. © BitDegree.org - An Independent Educational Initiative of Bringing Web3 Knowledge to The Masses | [email protected] We strive to present all the information & pricing as accurately as possible, but we cannot ensure that the data is always up to date. Additional terms may apply to free offers. Disclosure: To ensure our site's review data always stays free & running up to date, sometimes we might receive a small commission if the reader purchases through our site links, at zero additional cost. The content published on this website is not aimed to give any kind of financial, investment, trading, or any other form of advice. BitDegree.org does not endorse or suggest you to buy, sell or hold any kind of cryptocurrency. Before making financial investment decisions, do consult your financial advisor. Sitemap Legal & Privacy Cookie Policy Advertiser Disclosure × Verified ZERO FEES For Ogvio Money Transfers Rating 5.0 Get deal ×