Bitfinex | Cryptocurrency Exchange | Bitcoin Trading | Futures Trading | Margin Trading Trade Earn Learn More English Trade Institutional Exchange OTC API Earn Funding Staking Affiliates Learn News and information About us Announcements Bitfinex Alpha Bitfinex Blog Knowledge Base Features More Our products Bitfinex Borrow UNUS SED LEO Leaderboard Securities Bitfinex Securities Derivatives Bitfinex Derivatives Thalex derivatives Third-party Bitrefill Debit card English The Original Bitcoin Exchange Bitcoin-First, Freedom-Focused. The exchange that stands for financial independence and self-sovereignty. Stay Ahead with Real-Time Market Data Track the latest price movements across 350+ markets. USD EUR GBP JPY BTC ETH USD EUR GBP JPY BTC ETH Exchange Derivatives Lending Securities USD EUR GBP JPY BTC ETH Exchange Derivatives Lending Securities Assets Last Price Last 24h 24h High 24h Low 24h Vol Unmatched Market Liquidity & Performance At Bitfinex, our numbers speak for themselves. We provide deep liquidity and precision execution, empowering professional traders to take control of their trading and be masters of their universe. $0 24h Volume BTC / UST 0 +0.00% $0 Vol ETH / UST 0 +0.00% $0 Vol Track your gains with Reports Up to 100x leverage 350+ Markets Custom Layouts tBTCF0:USTF0 $0 Open interest 99.9% Uptime Master Your Trading Universe
with our advanced features. With Bitfinex, you’re in control. Perpetuals Futures * Options * Spot Trading Margin Trading Tokenised Securities ** Lending borrowing staking * Available through an integration with Thalex Digital Trading Platform Ltd. ** Available on the Bitfinex Securities platform provided by Bitfinex Securiities Ltd (Astana) and Bitfinex Securities El Salvador S.A de C.V. (El Salvador) More features API docs Bitfinex mobile app Your gateway to financial freedom. Anytime, anywhere Get access to all the functions of the Bitfinex platform and navigate digital token markets from anywhere. Trade while on the go and stay up to date with the Bitfinex mobile app! Learn more Bitfinex mobile app Your gateway to financial freedom. Anytime, anywhere Get access to all the functions of the Bitfinex platform and navigate digital token markets from anywhere. Trade while on the go and stay up to date with the Bitfinex mobile app! Learn more TRADING STARTS HERE Master your financial future with the best tools to succeed Services Exchange Affiliates Staking Corporate & Professional Lending Security & Protection Deposits & Withdrawals Credit/Debit On-ramp Products Exchange Margin Trading Mobile App Bitfinex Borrow Reporting App UNUS SED LEO OTC Derivatives Bitfinex Derivatives Thalex Derivatives Company About Announcements Careers Fees Market Statistics Manifesto Utilities Securities Bitfinex Securities Support Bitfinex Channels Contact Us Help Center Status For Developers API & Web Sockets Bug Bounty Learn Bitcoin Halving Bitfinex Alpha Blog Knowledge Base Paper Trading Press Legal & Privacy Privacy Cookies Policy Cookies Preferences Exchange Terms Derivative Terms General Notices & Terms Token Specific Terms Trading Rulebook Copyright © 2013-2025 iFinex Inc. All rights reserved.