BitMart Exchange: Buy & Sell Bitcoin, Ethereum & 1700+ Cryptos Buy Crypto Card P2P Trading Buy USDT via Marketplace Credit/Debit Card Buy Crypto with Visa or Mastercard Third-Party Payment Buy Crypto via MoonPay, Simplex and More BitMart Card Empowering Your Crypto Life Crypto Prepaid Card Get a Spendable Mastercard Instantly Markets Markets Latest Coin Prices & Charts X Insight AI Real-time X Analysis Trade Spot Trade Crypto Fast and Professional BM Discovery The Fastest On-Chain Asset Discovery Platform DEX beta The Simplest Way to Trade On-chain Margin 5x Increase Your Profits with Leverage Pre-Market Plan Ahead, Seize the Opportunity Futures USDⓈ-M Using USDⓈ as the collateral COIN-M Using COIN Itself as the Collateral Demo Trading Learn How to Trade with Zero Risk Futures Overview One-stop Platform for All Things Futures Futures King Grow Earn Overview Idle Assets, Earn with Ease Savings Earn Interest with Holdings Staking Easy Stake, High Rewards Wealth Management Grow Wealth with a Top-Tier Asset Team RWA Hold BMRUSD, Enjoy the Yield VIP Exclusive Earn Stably for VIP Users Crypto Loans Use Idle Funds to Borrow AI Hub AI Hub Your Intelligent Investment Portfolio Beacon Your AI Crypto Assistant X Insight AI Real-time X Analysis Copy Trading 2.0 Making Copy Trading Simpler, Smarter Grid Bot Profit from Market Swings Reward Rewards Hub Discover Exclusive Rewards Worth Up to 14,000 USDT LaunchPrime A Token and NFT Launch Platform Affiliate Program Join to Earn High Commissions Powerdrop The Next-gen Airdrop Solution is LIVE! Referral Program Earn Commission by Inviting Friends Events Center Daily Draw Spot Daily Draw Stake to Vote Earn Airdrops by Voting Institution Professional and Exclusive Services VIP Unlock Exclusive Rewards Academy Quickly Learn about Trading & Blockchain BitMart Travel One-Stop Global Travel Services INO A NFT Launch Platform Stake BMX to Listing Share Transaction Fees APIS Robust Stability and Enormous Endpoints Broker Program Earn Commissions by API Integration News Latest News & Views NFT Marketplace A One-of-a-kind NFT Marketplace Mobile Top-Up Top up mobiles easily, online, secure BitMart Mall Live on crypto Sign In Get Started Scan to Download App iOS & Android More Options Discover the Next Buy, trade, and hold 1700+ crypto instantly Scan to Download App iOS & Android More Options App Store Google Play 2017 Since 1700+ Crypto 100+ Perpetuals More Coins, More Opportunities View More View More BitMart Card - Earn While You Spend Get Your Card Secure and Instant Every transaction requires verification and the transaction is processed within seconds. Up to 5% Cashback on Spending 5% cashback on dining and grocery purchases for everyone. Free ATM Withdraw You can withdraw 200 - 1000 USD for free each month. A 2% fee will apply thereafter. Get Your Card Discover More Products Trade Smarter, Trade Faster Execute with Confidence, Capture Opportunity Your Crypto Journey, Powered by Speed Seamless Trades • Responsive System • Global Reach Every Trade Counts Low Fees, High Reliability, Maximum Potential Futures Trade derivatives with high leverage and tight execution, designed for the risk-aware trader. View Now Spot Fast, reliable crypto spot trading with deep liquidity and dozens of pairs at your fingertips. View Now Copy Trading Follow top traders automatically and replicate their strategies without constant monitoring. View Now Earn Put your idle crypto to work and earn passive income through savings, staking, and more. View Now X Insight AI-powered social sentiment insights from crypto conversations, helping you spot trends before the crowd moves. View Now DEX A trustless, peer-to-peer way to trade on-chain, retaining control of your assets. View Now BitMart Card Spend crypto like cash - use your BitMart Card for seamless crypto payments wherever cards are accepted. View Now Crypto Loans Get a loan with multiple cryptos — keep earning on your collateral. View Now Trade Anytime Anywhere View More Trade Anytime Anywhere Scan QR code and get the BitMart App View More Question & Answer What is a cryptocurrency exchange? A cryptocurrency trading platform is a digital marketplace where users can buy and sell cryptocurrencies. Through these platforms, users can trade coins such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and Tether. BitMart is a compliant digital-asset trading platform designed for both individual and professional institutions. How to trade cryptocurrencies on BitMart? To begin trading, users need to register a BitMart account, complete identity verification and purchase or deposit cryptocurrencies. You can buy cryptocurrencies via multiple methods: credit card/debit card , P2P or third-party payment gateways . What products does BitMart provide? Spot and futures trading Buying and selling cryptocurrencies BitMart Card —shaping the future of crypto payments Participate in token airdrops and earn new coins via LaunchPrime and Powerdrop Next-generation AI products Why BitMart? 7x24 Support : Our support team is available 24/7. We are receptive to your needs and are always available to help you out. Security : Advanced risk control system in the market. Hybrid hot/cold wallet systems and multi-signature technologies. Easy to use : 1700+ high-quality currencies and 1700+ trading pairs available. One-stop platform to initiate your cryptocurrency investment and management. Sign Up with BitMart 14,000 USDT Worth of Welcome Bonuses Get Started Company About Us Careers Partners News Cipholio Ventures Product Spot Futures Earn LaunchPrime NFT API BMX BitMart Academy BitMart Card Service Fees Bug Bounty User Agreement Privacy Policy Affiliate Referral VIP Support Help Center Apply to List Marketing Cooperation Contact Support Product Feedback Official Verification Company About Us Careers Partners News Cipholio Ventures Product Spot Futures Earn LaunchPrime NFT API BMX BitMart Academy BitMart Card Service Fees Bug Bounty User Agreement Privacy Policy Affiliate Referral VIP Support Help Center Apply to List Marketing Cooperation Contact Support Product Feedback Official Verification Download App Community 2017-2025 © bitmart.com