BitPay: The Best Crypto App to Pay with Crypto + Accept Payments | The all-in-one super app for crypto. Get the App The all-in-one super app for crypto. Get the App For Individuals For Businesses Developers Select Language English English (United Kingdom) Help Log In Get Started Select Language English English (United Kingdom) Select Language English English (United Kingdom) Select Language English English (United Kingdom) Over 1 million wallets created Over 1 million wallets created Over 1 million wallets created Buy it, store it, use it. Do it all with BitPay . Buy it, store it, use it. Do it all with BitPay . Buy it, store it, use it. Do it all with BitPay . BitPay powers your crypto journey with tools to manage, build, and use your portfolio with total control and endless possibilities. BitPay powers your crypto journey with tools to manage, build, and use your portfolio with total control and endless possibilities. BitPay powers your crypto journey with tools to manage, build, and use your portfolio with total control and endless possibilities. Get the App Get the App Faster, cheaper, multichain crypto utility with Solana. Introducing HODL Pay: Unlock spending power without selling your crypto. Faster, cheaper, multichain crypto utility with Solana. Introducing HODL Pay: Unlock spending power without selling your crypto. Faster, cheaper, multichain crypto utility with Solana. Introducing HODL Pay: Unlock spending power without selling your crypto. Crypto Payments, Upgraded: Arbitrum, Optimism & Base Now Supported Faster, cheaper, multichain crypto utility with Solana. Introducing HODL Pay: Unlock spending power without selling your crypto. Crypto Payments, Upgraded: Arbitrum, Optimism & Base Now Supported Faster, cheaper, multichain crypto utility with Solana. Introducing HODL Pay: Unlock spending power without selling your crypto. Crypto Payments, Upgraded: Arbitrum, Optimism & Base Now Supported Buy or swap crypto at competitive rates. Every time. Buy or swap crypto at competitive rates. Every time. We compare offers from the best providers so you always get the most crypto for your money, with transparent pricing and multiple payment options. We compare offers from the best providers so you always get the most crypto for your money, with transparent pricing and multiple payment options. Buy Crypto Buy Crypto Swap Crypto Swap Crypto Everything you need in a crypto app, nothing you don’t. Everything you need in a crypto app, nothing you don’t. Everything you need in a crypto app, nothing you don’t. Store your assets with a self-custody wallet. Manage multiple wallets across the top networks. Instantly buy BTC and hundreds of other cryptocurrencies. Exchange thousands of crypto pairs with a tap. Spend crypto, buy gift cards, and pay off bills from your wallet. Get the App Pay your bills with crypto Make bill payments on everything from credit cards to mortgages, all with the convenience and smooth experience that only blockchain payments can provide. Get the BitPay App to Start Pay Bills on Web Geographic restrictions apply. See terms and conditions for more information. Pay your bills with crypto Make bill payments on everything from credit cards to mortgages, all with the convenience and smooth experience that only blockchain payments can provide. Get the BitPay App to Start Pay Bills on Web Geographic restrictions apply. See terms and conditions for more information. Pay your bills with crypto Make bill payments on everything from credit cards to mortgages, all with the convenience and smooth experience that only blockchain payments can provide. Get the BitPay App to Start Pay Bills on Web Geographic restrictions apply. See terms and conditions for more information. Pay your bills with crypto Make bill payments on everything from credit cards to mortgages, all with the convenience and smooth experience that only blockchain payments can provide. Get the BitPay App to Start Pay Bills on Web Geographic restrictions apply. See terms and conditions for more information. Pay your bills with crypto Make bill payments on everything from credit cards to mortgages, all with the convenience and smooth experience that only blockchain payments can provide. Get the BitPay App to Start Pay Bills on Web Geographic restrictions apply. See terms and conditions for more information. Featured blog posts Blockchain Education November 5, 2025 The Best, Safest Ways to Store Your Cryptocurrency: What You Need to Know Read Article Blockchain Education November 5, 2025 The Best, Safest Ways to Store Your Cryptocurrency: What You Need to Know Read Article Blockchain Education November 5, 2025 The Best, Safest Ways to Store Your Cryptocurrency: What You Need to Know Read Article Product Updates August 13, 2025 BitPay Now Supports Solana: Buy, Store, Swap, Sell, and Pay with SOL, SPL tokens, and Stablecoins Product Updates August 13, 2025 BitPay Now Supports Solana: Buy, Store, Swap, Sell, and Pay with SOL, SPL tokens, and Stablecoins Product Updates August 13, 2025 BitPay Now Supports Solana: Buy, Store, Swap, Sell, and Pay with SOL, SPL tokens, and Stablecoins Blockchain Education August 13, 2025 How to Use the Solana Network with the BitPay Wallet Blockchain Education August 13, 2025 How to Use the Solana Network with the BitPay Wallet Blockchain Education August 13, 2025 How to Use the Solana Network with the BitPay Wallet Blockchain Education August 7, 2025 How to Use Bitcoin (BTC): Start Using BTC in 5 Easy Steps Blockchain Education August 7, 2025 How to Use Bitcoin (BTC): Start Using BTC in 5 Easy Steps Blockchain Education August 7, 2025 How to Use Bitcoin (BTC): Start Using BTC in 5 Easy Steps Blockchain Education Nov 5, 2025 The Best, Safest Ways to Store Your Cryptocurrency: What You Need to Know Product Updates Aug 13, 2025 BitPay Now Supports Solana: Buy, Store, Swap, Sell, and Pay with SOL, SPL tokens, and Stablecoins Blockchain Education Aug 13, 2025 How to Use the Solana Network with the BitPay Wallet Blockchain Education Aug 7, 2025 How to Use Bitcoin (BTC): Start Using BTC in 5 Easy Steps We’re here to help Support is just a few taps away. Get your questions answered by using our help library. Get help For Businesses Online Crypto Payments Stablecoin Payments Email Billing Crypto Payouts In-store Payments Crypto Donations NFTs Exchange Rates Business FAQs Pricing Resources For Individuals HODL Pay Crypto Wallet Browser Extension Spend Crypto Merchant Directory Buy Gift Cards Buy Crypto Blog Support Developers Integrations Bitcore Insight Open Source PGP Keys Status Company About Careers Press Brand Guide Stats Legal Privacy Complaints Your Privacy Choices Accessibility Statement NMLS ID#1496848 BitPay is licensed to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. GPC Status: Disabled Subscribe By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing and other communications from BitPay about BitPay products and other company updates. You can unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For more information on our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy . Copyright © 2025 BitPay. All rights reserved. We’re here to help Support is just a few taps away. Get your questions answered by using our help library. Get help For Businesses Online Crypto Payments Stablecoin Payments Email Billing Crypto Payouts In-store Payments Crypto Donations NFTs Exchange Rates Business FAQs Pricing Resources For Individuals HODL Pay Crypto Wallet Browser Extension Spend Crypto Merchant Directory Buy Gift Cards Buy Crypto Blog Support Developers Integrations Bitcore Insight Open Source PGP Keys Status Company About Careers Press Brand Guide Stats Legal Privacy Complaints Your Privacy Choices Accessibility Statement NMLS ID#1496848 BitPay is licensed to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. GPC Status: Disabled Subscribe By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing and other communications from BitPay about BitPay products and other company updates. You can unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For more information on our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy . Copyright © 2025 BitPay. All rights reserved. We’re here to help Support is just a few taps away. Get your questions answered by using our help library. Get help For Businesses Online Crypto Payments Stablecoin Payments Email Billing Crypto Payouts In-store Payments Crypto Donations NFTs Exchange Rates Business FAQs Pricing Resources For Individuals HODL Pay Crypto Wallet Browser Extension Spend Crypto Merchant Directory Buy Gift Cards Buy Crypto Blog Support Developers Integrations Bitcore Insight Open Source PGP Keys Status Company About Careers Press Brand Guide Stats Legal Privacy Complaints Your Privacy Choices Accessibility Statement NMLS ID#1496848 BitPay is licensed to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. GPC Status: Disabled Subscribe By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing and other communications from BitPay about BitPay products and other company updates. You can unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For more information on our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy . Copyright © 2025 BitPay. All rights reserved. We’re here to help Support is just a few taps away. Get your questions answered by using our help library. Get help For Businesses Online Crypto Payments Stablecoin Payments Email Billing Crypto Payouts In-store Payments Crypto Donations NFTs Exchange Rates Business FAQs Pricing Resources For Individuals HODL Pay Crypto Wallet Browser Extension Spend Crypto Merchant Directory Buy Gift Cards Buy Crypto Blog Support Developers Integrations Bitcore Insight Open Source PGP Keys Status Company About Careers Press Brand Guide Stats Legal Privacy Complaints Your Privacy Choices Accessibility Statement NMLS ID#1496848 BitPay is licensed to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. GPC Status: Disabled Subscribe By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing and other communications from BitPay about BitPay products and other company updates. You can unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For more information on our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy . Copyright © 2025 BitPay. All rights reserved. We’re here to help Support is just a few taps away. Get your questions answered by using our help library. Get help For Businesses Online Crypto Payments Stablecoin Payments Email Billing Crypto Payouts In-store Payments Crypto Donations NFTs Exchange Rates Business FAQs Pricing Resources For Individuals HODL Pay Crypto Wallet Browser Extension Spend Crypto Merchant Directory Buy Gift Cards Buy Crypto Blog Support Developers Integrations Bitcore Insight Open Source PGP Keys Status Company About Careers Press Brand Guide Stats Legal Privacy Complaints Your Privacy Choices Accessibility Statement NMLS ID#1496848 BitPay is licensed to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. GPC Status: Disabled Subscribe By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing and other communications from BitPay about BitPay products and other company updates. You can unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For more information on our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy . Copyright © 2025 BitPay. All rights reserved.