Buy & Sell Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple | Crypto Exchange | Bitrue Join Bitrue, become the Next Crypto Legend App Store Google Play Top Gainers USDT Futures COIN-M Futures USDC Futures New Listed Top Losers Top Trader One-click copy trading, long-term profits All No data! Hot Sectors Take a look at the most popular coins and industries within crypto here Leveraged ETFs Safe & easy trading , without risk of liquidation. Bitrue Earn Professional asset management by Bitrue allows you to enjoy stable daily profits. Bitrue Loans Borrow a wide range of cryptocurrencies Bitrue Loans is the digital currency lending service provided by the Bitrue exchange. Pledge your coins in order to borrow USDT, BTC, XRP or ETH. This allows you to continue to hold the rights to your digital currency while freeing up working capital for immediate projects. USDT BTC XRP ETH Borrow One-stop trading platform Bitrue uses blockchain and new technologies to give you fair access to financial services Spot The Bitrue exchange is fast, safe, and secure, allowing you to conduct transactions of digital currencies at any time with peace of mind. Futures Multiple perpetual futures margined in USDT, USDC and digital currencies. Leveraged ETFs Leverage trading with close to 0 risk of liquidation. Buy Crypto Buy and sell a wide range of cryptocurrencies quickly & easily. Rewards Center Complete beginner's tasks to get up to 1000 USDT About BTR Bitrue Coin BTR is our native platform token. Come learn more about our coin & the benefits it gives you. Earn Invest & get some of the highest interest rates in the industry. Supports BTC, ETH, XRP, ADA, VET, DOGE, BTR & more. Vote Use your BTR to vote for coins to join Bitrue. 24-hour Volume USD Bitrue's security team is available 24/7 to ensure the safety of your assets Reliable security Cutting edge security measures keep your precious assets safe at all times. Quick deposit and withdrawal Transfer coins to and from Bitrue in seconds. Technical Stability Industry-leading technology which is upgraded frequently ensures a stable trading environment XRP Focused XRP Recommended Exchange Conduct transactions anytime, anywhere The Bitrue website & app provide you with simple & fast trading methods App Store Google Play Join the Bitrue Community Get more with Bitrue today! Follow us to find out more about the latest news, updates and promotions! Twitter Telegram