Crypto and Stock Investing App | Buy, Sell & Earn | Bitso Bitso Download the app About Bitso Prices Products Support Bitso Business Download app US Log in Sign up Open Discover what your money 
is capable of One app, every opportunity to build your future. Invest, earn, and send money in just a few taps. Open your account 5,000 stocks to grow your portfolio Your full portfolio, finally, in one place. Invest in more than 5000 global stocks and ETFs together with your favorite crypto, anywhere. Download the app now New Bitso app: powerfully simple The Bitso app has a new look. It's been redesigned to simplify and enhance your investment experience, evolving with you and the future of your finances. Download the new app previous slide Select Slider 1 Select Slider 2 Select Slider 3 next slide Crypto, as easy as it should be Explore our selection of 100+ assets. Download the app, find your favorite crypto, and start building your portfolio. Start investing eth Ether btc Bitcoin xrp XRP sol Solana doge Dogecoin ada Cardano hype HYPE ltc Litecoin brl1 BRL1 sui Sui hbar Hedera spx SPX6900 pengu Pudgy Penguins bonk BONK eth Ether btc Bitcoin xrp XRP sol Solana doge Dogecoin ada Cardano hype HYPE ltc Litecoin brl1 BRL1 sui Sui hbar Hedera spx SPX6900 pengu Pudgy Penguins bonk BONK U.S. stocks are coming to your Bitso app The wall between crypto and global stocks is coming down. 
Soon, you’ll invest in 5,000+ global stocks and ETFs—anytime, anywhere, together with your crypto. Download the app now Your assets working for you Hold assets like USDC, USDT, ETH, DOT, ATOM, and SOL, and watch your balance grow. We handle the rest. Your earnings are deposited directly into your account every Monday, with no lock-ups. Start earning Bitso now Your weekly earnings have arrived! Check how much your balance has increased in the app. atom 10.5% usdc 4% eth 2.53% Your money, truly borderless Cross-border transfers done right: fast, easy, and affordable. Send globally, receive locally. Easy and direct to your account. Move your money Bitso: where LATAM invests A record that speaks for itself: Bitso has been protecting your money with top security and international licenses for over a decade. With Bitso, you're in trusted hands. Create your account My favorite app since 2020. "For me, the most reliable wallet, 10/10." App Store Excellent “I like the sense of security that comes from how fast deposits, transfers, and real-time prices are.” App Store Great app "It's super practical, and I see it as a portable tool for my phone. Congrats, let's keep moving forward!" App Store A wealth of knowledge
to get started Explore expert insights and simple guides designed to help you understand the future of money and invest smarter. Start learning What is Bitso and how does it work? Read more What is Bitso and how does it work? Read more Strategies to build a diversified portfolio Read more What is the stock market? Read more We’re way more than you imagine For Global Business Bitso Business helps companies move money faster and smarter across the globe. Visit Bitso Business For the Pro Trader Take your strategy to the next level with Bitso Alpha, our trading platform with all the advanced tools you need. Start trading Try Bitso. Start with just $10 USD. Discover what your money is capable of: Invest, earn and move money. Start now Try Bitso. Start with just $10 USD. Discover what your money is capable of: Invest, earn and move money. Start now About Bitso Trust Careers Prices Crypto Products Crypto Stocks Earnings Transfers Alpha Other Products Onchain Support Help center Blog Legal Information Bitso Group Bitso Business Juno © 2014 - 2025 Bitso. All rights reserved. Bitso® | Loading... This website provides information about, and access to accounts, products, and services offered by The Badger Technology Company Limited ("Bitso International") and its affiliates in various countries. It does not constitute, and should not be interpreted as an offer, invitation or solicitation to provide services to individuals or entities outside of the jurisdiction in which we operate. Terms, conditions, and fees applicable to our accounts products and services are subject to change. Not all accounts, products, services, or pricing described herein are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. Eligibility for any product or service is subject to final approval and may depend on your country of citizenship, domicile or residence, as local laws and regulations may affect your ability to access or use certain features. You may consult the specific terms, conditions, fees, and onboarding requirements applicable to each entity and offering in the Legal Information section. Some services are also subject to additional risks disclosure, available within their respective legal pages. Bitso International and its affiliated entities operate in accordance with applicable licensing and regulatory requirements in the countries where services are offered. Licensing status and permissions may vary by jurisdiction and entity. Products and services offered on this website are not guaranteed or insured by any government or public authority.