Institutions
Pro
Mobile App
Earn Stake
Earn Lend
Markets
Tradeview
Blog
Learn
Log in
Get started
Buy & trade with ease on the trusted crypto exchange.

Designed for simplicity. Built on trust. Secured for peace of mind. Your trusted exchange since 2011.

Get started
To Stake or Not to Stake?

For our UK customers, that’s no longer the question.

Explore staking
1 / 5
Ease of Trading
Intuitive interface
Instant deposit options
Cash out directly to your bank account
Institutional-grade Security
95% of assets stored safely offline
Highly encrypted personal data
Whitelisting and transaction confirmations
Proven Reliability
Serving customers since 2011
Live customer support
Industry-leading uptime
Trade on the go with our mobile crypto app.
Take control of your crypto anytime with the app mode that fits your experience

Choose between the Basic mode, the easiest way to buy and sell crypto, or the Pro mode, built for pro traders and crypto experts.

Explore our crypto app
Advanced trading tools
Professional access, non-stop availability

We provide premium access to crypto trading for both individuals and institutions through high liquidity, reliable order execution and constant uptime.

A range of powerful APIs

Set up your own trading interface or deploy your algorithmic strategy with our high-performance FIX and HTTP APIs. Connect to our WebSocket for real-time data streaming.

Constant support

Live customer support available to all customers worldwide by phone or email. Dedicated account managers for partners.

More for Pro traders
Get started
Your safe, simple, and fast gateway to crypto
Effortless ways to buy

Pay with credit, debit cards or Apple Pay, Google Pay (some exceptions apply).

Available everywhere

Deposit and withdraw funds easily from anywhere in the world. US customers can use ACH for instant deposits.

Cash out in seconds

Withdraw funds directly to your bank account quickly and securely.

Safety first

Trade with confidence, knowing your funds and data are protected with advanced encryption and industry-leading security measures.

Get started
Reliable institutional access to crypto
Learn about the institutional offer
3 steps to start trading
Get started
1.
Register

Choose the right account type and verify your identity.

2.
Fund

Use your debit or credit card or a range of global bank deposit methods.

3.
Trade

Buy, sell and transfer leading cryptocurrencies.

About
Who We Are
Careers
Legal & Privacy
Legal & Privacy - USA
For Law Enforcement
Disclosures and Disclaimers
Fee Schedule
FAQ
Products
Mobile App
Tradeview
Earn Stake
Earn Lend
Services
Institutions & Partners
Bitstamp as a Service
The Bitstamp Ecosystem
Pro
Resources
API Documentation
PGP Key
Lightning Network
Market Details
Address
Bitstamp Ltd
5 New Street Square
London, EC4A 3TW
United Kingdom
Contact
Customer support
info@bitstamp.net
press@bitstamp.net
support@bitstamp.net
complaints@bitstamp.net
+44 20 3868 9628
+1 800 712 5702
+352 20 88 10 96
+65 3105 1676

Please read the general Risk Warning, and Risk Summary for UK residents before investing in crypto-assets.

Crypto-assets services are provided by the following Bitstamp legal entities depending on client residency: (1) Bitstamp Europe S.A., which is authorized by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) in Luxembourg as a payment institution (licence number Z00000012) and crypto-asset service provider (licence number N00000003); Registered address: 40, avenue Monterey, L-2163 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; Registration number: B196856; (2) Bitstamp UK Ltd., which is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) in the UK for the provision of certain cryptoassets activities under the Money Laundering Regulations (Firm Reference Number 978690); Registered address: 5 New Street Square, EC4A 3TW London, United Kingdom; Registration number: 14174243; (3) Bitstamp Ltd.with its registered address at 5 New Street Square, EC4A 3TW London, United Kingdom and registration number: 8157033; (4) Bitstamp Global Ltd., which operates under the transitional virtual asset service provider regime in the BVI; Registered address: Floor 4, Banco Popular Building, Road Town, Tortola VG1110, British Virgin Islands; Registered number: 2086429; and (5) Bitstamp Asia Pte Ltd, which is authorized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) as a major payment institution (licence number PS20200667); Registered address: 63 Chulia Street, OCBC Centre East, #15-01, Singapore 049514; Registered number: 202016687K;

Virtual currency services to US residents are provided by Bitstamp USA, Inc., which is licensed to engage in virtual currency business activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. Licensed as a Money Transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services. Review a list of its licenses and other registrations (NMLS number 1905429) for more information; Registered address: 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States of America; Registered number: 5481543.

Investment services with regards to trading in crypto derivatives are provided by Bitstamp Financial Services Ltd., which is authorized and supervised by the Slovenian Securities Market Agency (ATVP) as a MiFiD investment firm. Trading crypto derivatives carries significant risks and may result in substantial losses. Please trade responsibly and ensure you understand the associated risks. You can find more about the risks here. To help you understand the risks involved we have put together a series of Key Information Documents (KIDs) highlighting the risks and rewards related to each derivatives contract. Crypto derivatives trading is not available to customers in the US, Canada, Japan and some other countries. Bitstamp Financial Services Ltd. does not provide crypto-asset services.

To find out more about which Bitstamp entity you receive services from, please check the Profile/My information in your Bitstamp account. You can read more about our legal terms, policies and disclosures here.

All rights reserved © 2025 Bitstamp by Robinhood. NMLS #1905429