Bitspower International Co., Ltd. Language English (TW)繁體 (CN)简体 Product Lotan TITAN SERIES TP-1 M-Pro AIO CPU Air Cooler DLDR Radiator Griffin 120 Fan Artemis Fitting Series Shop Taiwan Japanese USA Support About us Contact Event CES 2024 Computex 2023 Where to buy Language English (TW)繁體 (CN)简体 The first step in exploring the world of water cooling begins with Bitspower. Learn More Statement Bitspower
                                        recommends that consumers add the
                                        Bitspower dye to distilled water or
                                        purified water for their water-cooling
                                        liquid. If the consumer chooses different
                                        water-cooling liquids, the resulting
                                        impurities may cause peeling off the
                                        coating on some of the hardware, water channels blockage by built-up
                                        residue, improper operation of the
                                        water pump, water tank tube breakage, and o-rings deformation leading to
                                        leakage. Any issues related to the use of
                                        inappropriate water-cooling liquid
                                        will be the responsibility of the
                                        consumer. Product
                                        update -
                                      10/29 Bitspower NEBULA Radeon XFX 9070XT Series -
                                      10/23 Bitspower CPU Block Summit Prime Core AMD / Intel Edition -
                                      06/26 Bitspower NEBULA GeForce RTX 5090 Series -
                                      11/08 Bitspower CPU Delid Cap Opener Tool for Intel 14th Gen CPU The Tools
                                  to Succeed. The
                                      Best
                                      Watercooling for Your Rig. Bitspower's Unique
                                    Products. Working
                                    With
                                    Industry Leaders. All-in-One
                                    Watercooling Kits. We're
                                      More Than
                                      Manufacturers. We are Designers. Supporting Modders
                                    to Express Themselves. Bitspower
                                  Lovely
                                  Goodies. © 2024
                              Bitspower
                              International Co., Ltd. © 2024 超昱國際有限公司