Bittrex Global Login Login Take two minutes to learn more What are the key risks? Due to the potential for losses, the Financial Conduct
                  Authority (FCA) considers this investment to be high risk. You could lose all the money you invest The performance of most cryptoassets can be highly volatile,
                with their value dropping as quickly as it can rise. You should
                be prepared to lose all the money you invest in cryptoassets. The cryptoasset market is largely unregulated. There is a risk
                of losing money or any cryptoassets you purchase due to risks
                such as cyber-attacks, financial crime and firm failure. You should not expect to be protected if something goes wrong The Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) doesn’t
                protect this type of investment because it’s not a
                ‘specified investment’ under the UK regulatory
                regime – in other words, this type of investment
                isn’t recognised as the sort of investment that the FSCS
                can protect. Learn more by using the FSCS investment protection checker here . The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) will not be able to
                consider complaints related to this firm. Learn more about FOS protection here . You may not be able to sell your investment when you want to There is no guarantee that investments in cryptoassets can be
                easily sold at any given time. The ability to sell a cryptoasset
                depends on various factors, including the supply and demand in
                the market at that time. Operational failings such as technology outages, cyber-attacks
                and comingling of funds could cause unwanted delay and you may
                be unable to sell your cryptoassets at the time you want. Cryptoasset investments can be complex Investments in cryptoassets can be complex, making it difficult
                to understand the risks associated with the investment. You should do your own research before investing. If something
                sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Don’t put all your eggs in one basket Putting all your money into a single type of investment is
                risky. Spreading your money across different investments makes
                you less dependent on any one to do well. A good rule of thumb is not to invest more than 10% of your money in high-risk
                  investments . If you are interested in learning more about how to protect
                yourself, visit the FCA’s website at https://www.fca.org.uk/investsmart For further information about cryptoassets, see https://www.fca.org.uk/investsmart/crypto-basics Asset categories Remember, not all crypto-assets are alike. Before investing, you
                should ensure you understand the specific risks involved. Below
                we have listed some of the main categories of crypto-assets
                available on Bittrex Global. Bear in mind that there isn’t currently an industry standard way
                of grouping digital assets, with new developments and
                innovations in the cryptocurrency space emerging regularly, and
                some crypto-assets falling into more than one category. You
                should use the following categories as guides to help you
                differentiate among the more common cryptocurrencies; for each
                category we have included a link to further information that you
                might find useful as a starting point for your research. Utility Tokens These grant access to specific features or services within a
                blockchain ecosystem. More info » Stablecoins These are cryptocurrencies designed to maintain a stable value
                by pegging them to a reserve of assets, such as fiat currency or
                commodities. More info » Altcoins These are cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin. More info » DeFi Tokens These are tokens associated with decentralized finance (DeFi)
                platforms. They often have utility within the DeFi ecosystem,
                providing functions like governance or collateral. More info » Wrapped Tokens These are tokens issued on one blockchain (e.g., Ethereum) to
                represent assets from another blockchain (e.g., Bitcoin). More info » Governance Tokens These tokens grant holders the right to participate in
                decision-making processes within a blockchain project. They are
                often used for protocol upgrades and changes. More info » Cross-Chain Tokens Tokens designed to facilitate interoperability between different
                blockchain networks, allowing assets to move between them. More info » This promotion has been approved by
                Gateway 21 Limited ( FRN 999557 ) on 19 October 2023 Login All trading activity on Bittrex Global has been
                      terminated. Please log in and withdraw all assets. For USD holders, we have completed the conversion (1:1) to
                      USDT. USDT is now available for withdrawal. Please see this article for more information. Important Update Regarding Bittrex Global It is with great regret that we announce that Bittrex Global
                  has decided to wind down its operations. This decision was not
                  made lightly, and we understand the inconvenience it may have
                  on our valued customers. UPDATED 23 APRIL Bittrex Global operated cryptocurrency exchanges in
                  Liechtenstein and Bermuda. Both companies are now in
                  liquidation. Further details are set out below. All funds and tokens remain safe and secure on the Bittrex
                  Global platform, and will be available for withdrawal using
                  the withdrawal facilities on the platform in due course. BITTREX GLOBAL GMBH (LIECHTENSTEIN) Latest update: 25 February 2025 We are pleased to confirm that withdrawals for users of
                      Bittrex Global GMBH (Liechtenstein) have been re-enabled
                      by the Liquidator, ALPS Trust Ltd.. We strongly recommend that you log into our platform and
                      withdraw assets as quickly as possible. As a reminder, and
                      as previously communicated, your account may be subject to
                      monthly default fees, currently set at a rate of 1% per
                      asset per month, with a minimum charge of up to $50 per
                      asset per month. In order to comply with applicable laws, you may be
                      required to provide further information on documentation
                      to prove your identity before being able to withdraw. Our
                      customer support team remains available to assist you with
                      any questions or concerns you may have. Please create a
                      support ticket at https://bittrexglobal.zendesk.com for assistance. Please click here for Frequently Asked Questions . BITTREX GLOBAL (BERMUDA) LTD. Each account, other than those benefitting from a
                        Storage Fee Waiver and where users have already
                        submitted a proof of debt, shall be automatically
                        charged a storage fee each month with respect to each
                        type of digital asset held in that account, at a rate of
                        2.5% per digital asset per month, subject to the Minimum
                        Storage Fee. The Minimum Storage Fee for each digital
                        asset is the lower of either (a) $100-worth of that
                        digital asset or (b) the remainder of the holdings in
                        that digital asset. Digital assets will be valued at the
                        market rate as at the date of collection of the storage
                        fee. No storage fees will be applied to fiat currency
                        holdings. All users can still submit a proof of debt
                        claim up until the dissolution of the Company. Latest update: 7 April 2025 The Distribution Window for the Final Dividend closed on 7
                      April 2025. Digital assets remaining in accounts held by creditors
                      whose Proof of Debt (“POD”) has been admitted (“Proven
                      Creditors”) by the Joint Liquidators (“JLs”) are no longer
                      available to be withdrawn from the Bittrex Global platform
                      and are considered “Undistributed Assets” in accordance
                      with Bermuda law. Undistributed Assets will be converted into US dollars, or
                      in the alternative, a digital asset (stablecoin) of
                      equivalent value, and will no longer be available for in
                      specie distribution. The JLs will transfer the total value of the Undistributed
                      Assets to the Bermuda Accountant General (“BM AG”) where
                      it will be held in the Consolidated Fund. The JLs will provide the BM AG with a certificate of
                      assets owing to each Proven Creditor, valued at the best
                      rate available as at the date(s) of liquidation from
                      digital asset form, less any commissions and fees
                      applicable at the time of conversion. Digital assets that
                      lack an effective trading market, are no longer supported
                      by a relevant blockchain, or otherwise cannot be
                      liquidated will be deemed to have no dollar value and
                      cannot be claimed from the JLs or the BM AG in dollars or
                      in specie. Any person claiming to be entitled to any money paid into
                      the Consolidated Fund may apply to the Accountant General
                      for payment. Refer to JLs’ creditor portal and Bittrex FAQs for further information. FOR ALL CUSTOMERS Support – Bittrex Global users can log into
                  their accounts in the usual manner, and can contact the
                  support team about any difficulties. Data Protection – We take data protection
                  very seriously, and we assure all users that their personal
                  information will be handled in accordance with our privacy
                  policy. If you have any concerns about your data, please contact our support team . We will continue to provide updates and information through
                  our official communication channels, including email and our
                  social media channels. Please remember only to trust official
                  channels, and be vigilant against scammers. We will never DM
                  you first on Telegram, and we will never contact you from a
                  personal email address or through a social media site’s
                  messaging platform. We only use email addresses ending in
                  @bittrex.li, @bittrex.bm, @bittrexglobal.com, or @bittrex.com;
                  emails from any other email address are not from Bittrex
                  Global. Read our support article on avoiding common social media scams . Support Trading Platform Status Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal Legal Support Trading Platform Status Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal