Crypto Derivatives Exchange | Buy, Sell & Trade Cryptocurrency | Bitunix Chat with us, powered by LiveChat Buy Crypto One Click Buy Buy crypto instantly with one click Fiat Deposit Free EUR deposit via SEPA transfer Credit/Debit Card Buy crypto via VISA/Mastercard P2P Trading Best prices, multiple payment options Third-party Buy crypto from Bitunix's payment partners Markets Opportunities Discover hot and new crypto Marketplace Your gateway to top picks and exciting opportunities Futures USDT-M Futures Perpetual Futures Settled in USDT USDC-M Futures Perpetual Futures Settled in USDC Coin-M Futures Perpetual Futures Settled in Crypto Copy Trading Follow top traders Spot Spot Buy and sell crypto with ease Convert Quick conversion, zero trading fees Spot Auto-Invest Small amounts add up over time, and compound interest generates wealth Earn Overview Grow steadily. Let your wealth endure Easy Earn Smart Saving, Steady Growth Dual Investment Buy Low, Sell High, Secured Gains Promotions Token Splash Massive Airdrops Waiting for You Campaign Center Limited-Time Events & Promotions Task Center Complete Tasks, Claim Rewards Referral Rebates Invite Friends, Earn Together Partner Affiliate Program Promote and Earn High Commission Fees More Square Bitunix Academy Become a Trading Expert Blog Stay Updated on Crypto Industry Trends Bitunix Community Join the Bitunix Community Company About Us Platform and Services Overview Announcements Latest Announcements Proof of Reserves 100% Proof of Asset Reserves Help & Services Help Center FAQ and Help Guide VIP Program Less Fees, More Benefits Win Tesla and gold prizes up to 4M USDT ! Ultra 4ward Begins! Start Now Google Apple Facebook Trending Cryptocurrencies View More Popular Futures Popular Spot Gainers Trading Pairs Last Traded Price 24H Change 24H High 24H Trading Volume Chart BTCUSDT ₮ 88,917.6 88,917.60 +1.41 % 89,117.2 1.02B Trade ETHUSDT ₮ 2,979.89 2,979.89 +1.48 % 3,008.64 941.22M Trade SOLUSDT ₮ 124.99 124.99 +1.34 % 125.32 200.75M Trade XRPUSDT ₮ 1.8728 1.87 +0.46 % 1.8789 43.74M Trade BEATUSDT ₮ 1.8956 1.89 -36.37 % 3.0025 41.94M Trade No results Who is using Bitunix Trade Travel Chill ORACLE FAST MONEY TRADER Crash Trading Invest & Trade With Jaxx Mars 1336 Crypto Club Tiger Crypto Crypto_Kai investwithrex AltCryptoGems TrippaTrading 加密狙擊王 panda_crypto Smalleyes_SMT 蛋仔 歐尼哥 Trade Travel Chill Crypto Trader and Educator. Learn how to trade crypto, generate profits, protect your gains, change your life and live the Trade Travel Chill lifestyle! Followers: 37.8K ORACLE FAST MONEY TRADER "Trading is a war and Bitunix is an epic place for War On The 1 Minute Chart" Followers: 55K Crash Trading Hundreds of exchanges I have used, Bitunix is one of the last real exchanges left in the game. Followers: 51.8K Invest & Trade With Jaxx I appreciate how Bitunix has managed to strike the perfect balance between advanced features and user-friendliness. Followers: 49.3K Mars For futures traders, slippage and matching speed are key. Bitunix stays stable with minimal slippage even during big market moves, allowing me to place orders with confidence and exit positions precisely. The intuitive interface is easy to use, so even beginners can trade quickly. With comprehensive fund management and robust security measures, I feel very assured using it long-term. To me, Bitunix is a trustworthy and ideal trading platform. Followers: 14K 1336 Crypto Club Bitunix's friendly customer service brings a friendly environment for cryptocurrencies and the platform provides traders with a good trading depth and liquidity and a friendly experience for novice and professional traders. Followers: 10K Tiger Crypto Bitunix is very suitable for "futures traders". The depth of futures market is deep enough, the slippage is minimized among all exchanges, the operation is smooth and fluent, and has a U.S. and Canadian license, which is highly recommended by me Tiger. Followers: 10K Crypto_Kai As a professional full-time trader, choosing a trading environment with sufficient market depth and order quantity is definitely a priority, so that losses can be avoided in case of extreme market conditions because of serious losses caused by slippage. Bitunix also has a complete license and funds custody, for users to use the security is definitely an additional layer of protection. Live free, trade happy! I am Crypto Kai! Followers: 6.42K investwithrex Every trade is a lesson, every loss a tuition Followers: 67.9K AltCryptoGems The exchange with one of the smoothest user interfaces, spot on marketing and having the ideal balance for professional traders as well as new, enthusiastic, crypto traders. Followers: 314K TrippaTrading I like the fact that Bitunix is completely focused on trading and can therefore provide a good trading experience for anyone who wants to trade in a professional environment. Followers: 17.1K 加密狙擊王 I chose Bitunix because it's professional, safe, secure, smooth and efficient, and perfectly supports me to hit every opportunity! Followers: 1.65K panda_crypto As a futures trader focused on structure and risk control, Bitunix gives me a smooth and reliable experience. From fast order execution to clear funding rates and tight slippage, I can focus on strategy, not platform issues.
Whether backtesting, live trading, or leading my community, Bitunix is my trusted battleground. Followers: 2K Smalleyes_SMT Trading isn’t about luck or getting rich overnight.
 We choose Bitunix for its stable depth and fast capital efficiency—key to executing precise entry and exit plans with minimal slippage and delay.
Every trade is backed by logic and risk control.
Over time, disciplined execution and risk management make trading simple and secure. Followers: 8.3K 蛋仔 Bitunix is my preferred cryptocurrency trading platform! It is easy to use for new traders with its clear instructions, while professional traders can enjoy accurate data analysis and a wide range of tools. Whether you want to trade spot or futures, Bitunix is a secure and efficient platform that meets your needs! Followers: 3.79K 歐尼哥 In addition to the safety and reliability of Bitunix, the learning atmosphere is also rare in the industry, no matter you are a newcomer or a veteran, you can find your own opportunity for improvement here! Followers: 27K Why Bitunix? Secure We offer industry-leading secure cryptocurrency trading platform, maintaining a robust reserve fund that exceeds 1:1 ratio against user holdings. Seamless Enjoy the benefits of efficient and real-time online trading. Start your crypto journey with just $10 investment. Insights Get real-time updates and sharp insights about the cryptocurrency market. Service Experience unparalleled assistance with multilingual 24/7 customer support. Ensuring a seamless and satisfying trading experience. Begin Your Cryptocurrency Journey Effortlessly Create your Bitunix account Deposit funds Start trading Get Started Reviews of Bitunix from Worldwide Media Bitunix Records All-Time Highest Trading Volume In October Bitunix Exchange Now Supports Visa and Mastercard Payments Slater Says "Bitunix Prioritizes Compliance and User Education" Bitunix at Blockchain Economy Summit Dubai 2023: Highlights of First Exhibit Bitunix and MoonPay Join Forces for Seamless Crypto Trading Bitunix Records All-Time Highest Trading Volume In October View Details Bitunix Exchange Now Supports Visa and Mastercard Payments View Details Slater Says "Bitunix Prioritizes Compliance and User Education" View Details Bitunix at Blockchain Economy Summit Dubai 2023: Highlights of First Exhibit View Details Bitunix and MoonPay Join Forces for Seamless Crypto Trading View Details Your Crypto Exchange, 
Anytime, Anywhere: Start Trading Today! App Store Bitunix Beta Android APK Company About Bitunix Announcement Blog Proof of Reserves User Agreement Privacy Policy Legal Statement Regulatory and Law Enhancement Risk Disclosure AML Policies Market BTC to USDT ETH to USDT SOL to USDT XRP to USDT DOGE to USDT ADA to USDT SUI to USDT LTC to USDT All Crypto Markets Trade Spot Futures Easy Earn Fees Support Help Center Tax Report Official Verification Products Suggestions Contact Bitunix Contact Support Tools Promotion Task Center P2P Trading Third-party Download Partners VIP Program Affiliate Referral API © 2022 - 2025 Bitunix.com. All rights reserved 10,000 USDT exclusive perks for new users Registration can be completed in one minute to receive the highest reward Sign up