Manage your consent preferences
We use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember their preferences. We may also use them to measure ad campaign effectiveness, target ads, and analyze site traffic. Depending on your location, you may opt-in or opt out of the use of these technologies.
OK
Manage preferences
The Business Journals
THE BUSINESS JOURNALS
Select a City
Sign In
THE BUSINESS JOURNALS
RESOURCES FOR ENTREPRENEURS
Small-business grants you can apply for this month
ACCESS 45+ CITIES
BECOME A MEMBER
Latest News
Lists
Commercial Real Estate
Banking
Technology
Health Care
Residential Real Estate
American Inno
Bizwomen
  Events
The Business Journals
Top Business News
Transportation
Commutes are shifting as companies ramp up office returns

More companies are ramping up return-to-office requirements, and it's causing a shift for average commuting times.

Commercial Real Estate
Country club dues hikes have settled in. Here's what's ahead for 2026.

Strong membership demand continues to impact projected dues for next year and beyond.

Sports Business
The $700M question: Repair or raze the Astrodome?

A new study shows a massive price gap between saving the Astrodome and tearing it down, but the real story...

Technology
How billionaire Ross lured a major tech company to West Palm Beach

The tech company represents the largest business expansion to West Palm Beach in decades.

Career & Workplace
Pay is likely to hit a 'plateau' in 2026's job market

2026 could bring some clarity for the pay picture.

Residential Real Estate
First-time homebuyers reach historic low

The share of first-time homebuyers has dropped to 21%, or half from what it was before the pandemic, according to...

Latest News
The Playbook

What business owners and executives need to know to grow and protect their businesses

Career & Workplace
Small-business owners face 10 major challenges in 2026, from AI costs to health insurance hikes
Career & Workplace
Pay is likely to hit a 'plateau' in 2026's job market
Travel & Tourism
Holiday air travel could be chaotic. Here are your passenger rights.
Career & Workplace
The highest-paid low-stress jobs heading into 2026
Banking & Financial Services
Experts see bright spots for small-business lending in 2026. Here's how owners can prepare.
Banking & Financial Services
Want to sell your business for top dollar? Follow these steps.
Career & Workplace
The Playbook: How company benefits programs could change in 2026
Banking & Financial Services
The SBA has launched a new revolving credit loan program. Here's who can apply.
Government & Regulations
Employers should brace for workplace rule changes in 2026
Career & Workplace
The job market's dumbbell phase reveals a major disconnect. Here's the bright spot.
More business news 
See More

The National Observer is an American City Business Journals portfolio of national newsletters covering real estate, higher education and U.S. business news and trends.

The housing market's new deal-breaker is likely to get worse before it gets better

Real estate agents across the country are grappling with a new obstacle in closing deals — and the challenge is likely to get worse.

Commutes are shifting as companies ramp up office returns

More companies are ramping up return-to-office requirements, and it's causing a shift for average commuting times.

The National Observer: Business coalition draws up playbook to support local workforce

A group is taking aim at a challenge that's emerged for business leaders and residents across the country: the price and availability of housing. We examine the group's 33-page Housing Playbook, and we look at how non-traveling passengers are being welcomed back at some of the nation's airports, in this week's coverage from The National Observer.

5 for ’25: Five conversations to have with your banker to have a successful new year
The housing market's next era has arrived. Here's what it means for prices.
The National Observer: Storied accounting firm plots a comeback
Commercial Real Estate
See More
CRE Brokerages
CRE Developers
Commercial Real Estate Sales
Construction
LEED
Retail Development
'Forklift Sisters' blaze a trail in the industrial machinery industry

Jessica Farrell and her sister Jamie Emo now run what may be the only entirely female-owned forklift sales and service company in the country, and they've embraced their identity as the "Forklift Sisters" on social media.

The National Observer: Developers race to keep pace with senior housing demand

Aging baby boomers are driving demand for senior housing. Developers are racing to keep pace.

Member-Only Webinar: 2026 Real Estate Outlook

Our latest member-only webinar looks at what to expect in real estate in 2026 — from big office deals and residential projects to the data center boom and economic development activity.

Opportunity Zones 2.0 is coming — and the clock is ticking on action items
Country club dues have hit their new reality. Here's how dues hikes could change in 2026.
Neiman Marcus flagship store in downtown Dallas to remain open past 2025 holidays as talks continue
See More

The leading companies for your business research, sales prospecting, job search and fundraising.

The Business Journals Wealthy 1000: Who made the List? 

Editor's Note: The Business Journals evaluated almost 33,200 ZIP codes to compile the Wealthy 1000 — a list of America's wealthiest ZIP codes. This wealth...

1000 ZIPCODES
These are America's 100 wealthiest colleges 

The financial health of a college or university can significantly shape the student experience — from scholarships and research funding to campus facilities and faculty...

100 BUSINESSES
From coast to coast: The hottest luxury housing markets in Q2 2025 

As prospective buyers grapple with economic uncertainty, overall residential real estate inventory has ticked up in recent months and sale prices have cooled in response....

50 ZIPCODES
America's hottest housing markets as of Q2 2025 

Nationally, ZIP code 03782 in Sunapee, New Hampshire, was the nation's hottest market for the quarter. In the last five years, sales price momentum has...

499 ZIPCODES
ON THE HUNT FOR EVEN MORE TARGETED DATA?

Get all local list data and updated contact info week-over-week. This is your go-to resource for verified intelligence on The Business Journals's business and decision makers.

Book of Lists Unlimited 
Banking & Financial Services
See More
Credit Unions
Cryptocurrency
Financial Planning
Mergers and Acquisitions
Mortgages
Private equity
Property & Casualty Insurance
Venture capital
Lead Bank rapidly becomes worldwide player in fast-growing fintech

Lead Bank’s new ownership already has the onetime sleepy community institution hobnobbing with national movers and shakers in fintech.

Experts see bright spots for small-business lending in 2026. Here's how owners can prepare.

Owners who are prepared for the expected business dynamics of 2026 will have better access to financing in the new year.

5 for ’25: Five conversations to have with your banker to have a successful new year

Conversations today can provide confidence for both short-term and long-term financial footing.

Want to sell your business for top dollar? Follow these steps.
The SBA has launched a new revolving credit loan program. Here's who can apply.
She Means Business: How lending to loved ones can backfire
Advertising
See More
Reach our audience with your message

Our readers are educated and affluent. They include top management professionals with high net worth who run fast-growing companies and make major purchasing decisions, personally and for their businesses, every day.

Connect with our audience
$2.2M
AVERAGE NET WORTH
$228M
AVERAGE GROSS SALES
85%
COLLEGE GRADUATE+
62%
TOP MANAGEMENT
Back to Top 
THE BUSINESS JOURNALS
Home
News
Lists
People
Events
Store
SUBSCRIBERS
Manage your Account
Manage My Advertising
Book of Lists
Subscriber Content
ABOUT & CONTACT
About Us
Advertise
Help & FAQs
Circulation Sales Center Directory
Reprints
FOLLOW US
twitter
linkedin
facebook
instagram
NEWSLETTERS
Sign Up Now
ACBJ
American City Business Journals
AmericanInno
BizEquity
Bizwomen
Hemmings
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Site Map
Your Privacy Choices

© 2025 American City Business Journals. All rights reserved. Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (updated August 13, 2024) and Privacy Policy (updated December 16, 2025). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of American City Business Journals.