BlackSun Canadian Web Hosting - Canadian Web Hosting - WordPress - Domains Company About Us Services Data Centers Partners News Contact Support Contact Login Domains Search For Your Domain Transfer your Domain Hosting Shared Hosting WordPress Premium CloudLinux VPS SEO Services SSL & Security SSL Certificates Web Application Firewall Cloud Services Cloud Hosting Custom Virtual Servers Managed Cloud Servers Remote Desktop Services (RDS) Microsoft SQL Server SharePoint Server Exchange Server Cloud Backup Veeam® Cloud Backup Internet Services Internet and Private Line Firewall and VPN Services Managed Cloud Servers Email Microsoft 365 Affiliate Blog Company About Us Services Data Centers Partners News Contact Contact Us Support My Account Login 1-866-933-9800 (Toll Free) Open A Ticket This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. .ca $24.99 .com $29.99 We noticed you are using Internet Explorer. Our site is best experienced with a modern browswer like Firefox, Chrome, or Edge Canadian Web Hosting Made Easy Free Domain Registration Included Free SSL Certificate Full Daily Website Backups Multi-layer Security Friendly Canadian Support 30 Day Money Back Guarantee Get Started Product and Promo Legal Disclaimers The term ‘Unlimited Websites’ is defined as a reasonable number of websites that a small business may use and may not exceed the resource capacity of the hosting plan. Running more websites than the recommended maximum number of websites as listed below may significantly reduce website performance. Performance may also be impacted by the resource demands of any individual website running within the same plan. All usage must adhere to our Acceptable Use Policy. Recommended maximum number of websites per plan Standard – 3 Websites Business – 5 Websites Enterprise – 10 Websites All product pricing and details may change without notice. NEW – WordPress Premium Support Policy Update Technical updates — WordPress Premium Support is a monthly subscription-based service that provides you with access to a variety of maintenance, optimization, and management services, as well as fixes for a wide variety of technical WordPress related issues. Each WP Premium Support plan includes 30-minute support incidents (with no carry-over) of technical time from our team to correct the issues you need help with. The number of support incidents by plan are outlined below: WordPress Premium Basic – one incident WordPress Premium Standard – two incidents WordPress Premium Business – three incidents WordPress Premium Enterprise – five incidents Please note that WordPress Premium Support is only for WordPress technical issues, such as plugin failures, update errors, WordPress related bugs, and other issues that affect the functionality, performance, security, or the proper display of your website. Content updates — including changes to website copy, images, menus, widgets, headers, footers, and other elements, were conducted as a courtesy to our clients and will no longer be covered by WordPress Premium Support plans . These are changes that affect the appearance, layout, or information of your website, and require a different level of expertise and time than technical issues. These types of updates will still be available to our customers at a preferential billing rate. MOST POPULAR Basic $11.99 /mo. 25GB Storage 1 Website Free Domain (1 year) 1 Free SSL Certificate One Click WordPress Installation cPanel Full Daily Backups Multi-layer Security Friendly Canadian Support ——— 1 Year – 10% discount 2 Year – 15% discount Buy Now MOST POPULAR Standard $16.99 /mo. 100GB Storage Unlimited Websites 2 Free Domain (1 year) 1 Free SSL Certificate One Click WordPress Installation cPanel Full Daily Backups Multi-layer Security Friendly Canadian Support ——— 1 Year – 10% discount 2 Year – 15% discount Buy Now MOST POPULAR Business $28.99 /mo. 250GB Storage Unlimited Websites 2 Free Domain (1 year) 1 Free SSL Certificate One Click WordPress Installation cPanel Full Daily Backups Multi-layer Security Friendly Canadian Support ——— 1 Year – 10% discount 2 Year – 15% discount Buy Now MOST POPULAR Enterprise $57.99 /mo. 1TB Storage Unlimited Websites 2 Free Domain (1 year) 1 Free SSL Certificate One Click WordPress Installation cPanel Full Daily Backups Multi-layer Security Friendly Canadian Support ——— 1 Year – 10% discount 2 Year – 15% discount Buy Now Web Hosting Fast, reliable shared web hosting services with plans to meet any requirements and suit any budget. Get Hosting Cloud Servers Host on powerful, Canadian-based cloud servers that can be customized to fit your individual needs. Get Cloud Servers Cloud Backup As a Veeam® cloud provider, BlackSun offers cloud repositories for Veeam Cloud Connect.  We understand that companies are always operating and need the 24/7/365 availability. Get Cloud Backup Microsoft 365 Use Microsoft 365 without the upfront software costs.  With Office 365 through BlackSun, your subscription allows you to change the number of users based on your company’s needs anytime. Get Microsoft 365 Blog Tuesday, July 23rd, 2024 The Perks of BlackSun’s WordPress Premium Hosting Your website is often the first impression you make on potential clients or followers. It’s the digital storefront for your business or the public... Read More... Thursday, July 4th, 2024 MSP Corp Data Centers — The Backbone of Canadian Business Innovation In the digital landscape, data is the new currency, and its safekeeping is paramount for businesses. Canadian enterprises, in their pursuit of robustness and... Read More... Wednesday, June 19th, 2024 Unleashing the Power of Managed Cloud Solutions When digital advancements are happening at lightning speed, businesses are always on the lookout for fresh, creative strategies to keep a step ahead of... Read More... View all posts Serious Speed 20Gbps+ network bandwidth, Intel® Xeon® Gold 6230 processors and AI driven SSD based storage. Rock Solid VMware based infrastructure including triple redundant enterprise SAN storage with 99.99999% uptime! Enterprise Security Next generation hardware based firewalls provide superior Intrusion Prevention, Antivirus and Malware protection at the perimeter of the network. Backups All Web Hosting services include automated full daily offsite backups with a 30 day retention period. Service Testimonials See what our clients have to say about us! "My colleagues and I have designed and managed web sites for a wide range of clients and applications since the 1990s. At every opportunity, we're proud to recommend BlackSun. They provide economical solutions that flexibly grow and change with each client's requirements. Even better, they offer knowledgeable, accessible human support at every step, from launching or moving a site to expanding its functionality and effectiveness. BlackSun is distinguished in making clients feel secure and confident in all their online and IT requirements." — Vicki Ziegler of Ziegler, Mitchell and Associates Inc. June 21st, 2022 "My experience with BlackSun has been nothing short of amazing! I continue to be blown away by the incredible world-class support. The BlackSun team is knowledgeable, precise and professional. It's a great feeling hosting with a reliable, local Saskatchewan company who genuinely cares about my web design company and my clients! They troubleshoot quickly and effectively, always finding a solution. Thank you for going above and beyond, time after time!" — Steph Green | Owner of SG New Media Design Ltd. June 15th, 2022 "I’ve managed several sites through BlackSun over the years, so when it came time to set up a web page and email account for the Corvus Centre for Conservation Policy, there was no question in my mind where to go. Despite having done this all before, I managed to mess up a few pieces, which only highlighted why I go with Blacksun. They respond so quickly, and their support service is super friendly and super accommodating. Their tech people do not assume you are a programming guru, so everything is very easy to follow. They have always made it clear what additional options I have, but I have never felt like I’m getting the constant up-sale. I would recommend BlackSun to anyone." — Guy Greenaway, Executive Director, Corvus Centre for Conservation Policy September 27th, 2021 "Great personal support and excellent uptime over the past 5 years colocating with BlackSun. They have helped to procure hardware, facilitate after hours repairs, and most importantly kept the power and network running 24/7 so my business can succeed." — Ryan Smith July 14th, 2020 "Great local business. Very helpful and attentive to our needs.  Great pricing and service all around." — Commutron Industries Ltd April 21st, 2020 "Excellent local hosting company. Products are reasonably priced, staff is professional, friendly and eager to help clients in any way they can." — Sabre Well Servicing May 2nd, 2020 "I have used BlackSun for quite some time and I really like their services. They are also priced perfectly (not too expensive and deals to save money). The server software is awesome and the service is also super speedy." — Leila Benmerrouche March 23rd, 2020 "Our Company has been with Blacksun for years, their customer support and guidance has been terrific. Highly recommend." — Pets At Home February 13th, 2020 "Experts in cloud data backup and IT Service Management. Would highly recommend." — Saskatoon Tribal Council March 9th, 2020 Support We offer support via email and phone during peak operating hours. Our in-house support team is ready to assist you with any questions relating to BlackSun hosting and any other services. Contact Support BlackSun Partners Proudly Owned and Operated in Canada BlackSun is a proudly Canadian based web hosting company. We’ve worked hard to deliver fast and reliable web hosting to Canada and the world. Company Contact About Us Data Centers Partners News Affiliate Program Terms of Service Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Refund Policy Domains Search For Your Domain Transfer Domain Web Hosting Shared Hosting WordPress Hosting WP Premium CloudLinux VPS BlackShield: Web Firewall SSL Certificates Weebly Page Builder VDC Cloud Services Custom Virtual Servers Managed Cloud Servers Remote Desktop Services Microsoft SQL Server SharePoint Server Exchange Server Veeam Cloud Internet and Private Line Firewall and VPN Services Managed Colocation Email Microsoft 365 Account My Account Create Account Remote Assist Link Contact Support © Copyright 2025 MSP Corp.