Products
Solutions
Why BlackLine
Our partners
Who we are
Resources
Schedule a demo
Support login

INTRODUCING VERITY™ AI

Speed you need, accuracy you can audit.

For 20 years, finance leaders have trusted BlackLine for control. Verity extends that trust with explainable, audit-ready intelligence built for the Office of the CFO - so you get speed without risk, and trust without compromise. That's Unstoppable Finance.

Schedule a demo
See how Verity AI works

JOIN 4,400+ COMPANIES TAKING CONTROL OF THEIR FINANCIAL OPERATIONS WITH BLACKLINE

From cash to close, get a connected, auditable platform powered by Verity AI and trusted by CFOs.
BlackLine solutions powered by Verity AI:
621%
Three year ROI
91%
Receivables automatically matched
50%
Reduction in audit time
97%
Journal entry automation
70%
Reduction in close time
2.6X
Increase in productivity
Discover the full power of our platform
Studio360 Platform
Financial Close & Consolidation
Intercompany
Invoice-to-Cash
See your financial operations from every angle

Connect, automate, and report on your entire financial ecosystem with BlackLine’s comprehensive platform.

Integrate your data, ensuring a single source of truth
Orchestrate workﬂows across applications
Visualize insights faster with intelligent dashboards powered by Verity
Blueprint rapid transformation with process design templates
Control governance and risk management from a central hub
Explore the BlackLine Studio360 Platform
Studio360 Platform
Financial Close & Consolidation
Intercompany
Invoice-to-Cash
Execute close and consolidation you can trust

Unify key activities to reduce risk and deliver faster financial insights.

Automate crucial tasks, including journal entries, reconciliations, and financial statement generation
Gain end-to-end control across your processes to reduce risk and ensure compliance
Harness Verity AI to uncover insights, surface anomalies, and accelerate confident decision-making
Explore Financial Close & Consolidation
Studio360 Platform
Financial Close & Consolidation
Intercompany
Invoice-to-Cash
Streamline intercompany operations and improve accountability

Overcome reactive, disconnected intercompany processes. Prevent compliance from becoming a major resource drain.  

Connect mission-critical data
Prevent intercompany errors before they are booked with predictive guidance from Verity Flag
Accelerate global billing, matching and reconciliation with autonomous Verity agents
Reduce transaction costs while ensuring compliance
Explore Intercompany
Studio360 Platform
Financial Close & Consolidation
Intercompany
Invoice-to-Cash
Unlock cash with Verity AI

Apply targeted intelligence with Verity AI to automate tedious work, freeing your team to focus on building stronger customer relationships.

Direct Verity Collect to hold natural conversations for routine inquiries, turning a low-yield activity into an effective collections process
Accelerate cash application by automating remittance data capture instantly with Verity Remit
Improve cash flow forecasts by leveraging Verity Forecast to predict customer payment behaviors
Explore Invoice-to-Cash

“It’s not just a shorter close, it's a more efficient close.”

Catherine Braeuer,

Director, Global Financial Reporting Transformation

“There are few solutions on the market that can handle the volumes we generate. After we did our due diligence, we knew that BlackLine could more than meet our requirements.”

Martin Crisp,

Head Of Group Order to Cash

"All transactional information between legal entities in our group is now in one place, which helps to drive accountability in our business through real-time visibility."

Richard Harris,

Sr. Director, Digital Operation

“In addition to the reporting time savings we’re seeing with BlackLine Financial Reporting Analytics, we're also improving accounting accuracy and quality.”

Jeremiah Johnson,

Director, Global Close & Controls

See how BlackLine’s Verity AI delivers end-to-end digital transformation for the Office of the CFO.
Schedule a demo
PRODUCTS
Platform
Financial Close & Consolidation
Intercompany
Invoice-to-Cash
SERVICES
Professional services
Training & education
Customer success
Transformation
Support
RESOURCES
Resource library
Events & webinars
BlackLine blog
Glossary
Optimization academy
WHO WE ARE
About BlackLine
Why BlackLine
Success stories
Investors
Leadership
Press releases
Contact us
Legal
CAREERS

BlackLine has been voted Best Place to Work by Inc. Magazine four years in a row. Find your next role with us.

See open roles

Trust is in the Balance™

System Status
Corporate Responsibility
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
GDPR
© 2025 BlackLine Inc.

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance site navigation and user experience, analyze site usage and performance, provide you with personalization, assist in our marketing efforts, and for analytics and advertising purposes. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Further information is available in ourCookie Policy

Cookies Settings Accept All

BlackLine Acquires WiseLayer to Enhance its AI Capabilities

Read the Announcement