Country
Log In
Stay tuned and discuss
what matters to you
Join the news Channels that interest you the most
Get live updates and discuss with like-minded people
Stay tuned - Join the Channels
BREAKING NEWS FROM THE WORLD
News Italy
News Brasil
News France
News Spain
News UK
News US
TRENDING NEWS AND VIDEOS Last update: December 31, 2025 at 10:50 AM
Italy, from Channel
SERIE A
Spettatori live: i numeri dagli stadi, sold out dei vicentini in trasferta
Brasil, from Channel
TECNOLOGIA
Google Fotos anuncia recursos avançados de IA para todos os usuários
France, from Channel
PSG
'Kinder surprise', Daniel Riolo dézingue Luis Enrique et ses choix contre le Barça (vidéo)
Spain, from Channel
FÚTBOL
El popular peñista del Athletic de Bilbao Gerardo Flores muere tras el paseo de la gabarra
UK, from Channel
FILM
'Rocketman - Live in Concert' comes to the big screen
US, from Channel
CELEBRITIES
Judas Priest defend the faith by raising the Invincible Shield over America
WHY YOU CAN TRUST BLASTING NEWS
Blasting News provides news to 30 million readers each month.
We publish around 16,000 news articles and videos each month. We can count on more than 1 million loyal subscribers to our thematic news channels.
Blasting News relies on 2,000 freelancers writing in 5 different languages.
We are active in 8 countries (Brazil, France, Italy, Mexico, Portugal, Spain, United Kingdom, and United States) thanks to the amazing work done by our large pool of qualified contributors. A global presence, for a global coverage.
Blasting News rewards high quality news and true engagement.
We offer a compensation system based on meritocratic principles: the higher number of engaged readers that each news article receives, the higher compensation for the contributor. Following this method, we have paid more than 12 million euros to our contributors so far.
Blasting News has been deemed a reliable and trustworthy news site by NewsGuard.
We have been awarded the Green Shield by fulfilling all nine criteria of transparency and credibility. NewsGuard uses journalism to fight disinformation, helping readers know which news site present information responsibly.
Blasting News adheres to “The Trust Project - News with Integrity” quality standards.
We follow the transparency standards developed by the 'Trust Project - News with Integrity', promoted by the University of Santa Clara, which establishes principles to keep journalism accurate and transparent. Blasting News is not a member of the programme, but has requested to be part of it.
Blasting News is working with the European Union in the fight against fake news.
We are a key partner of the Eunomia project, originating in the need to determine the level of trustworthiness of the news. This Project was recently funded by the EU’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme (Grant agreement ID: 825171).
Blasting News has been awarded by the Google News Innovation Fund.
We have been awarded by Google DNI (Digital News Innovation Fund), a European programme part of the Google News Initiative, an effort to help journalism thrive in the digital age.
Blasting News has been awarded by Regione Sicilia to fight misinformation.
In partnership with the University of Palermo, we have launched a two-years project to tackle fake news developing integrated mechanisms (automatic, semi-automatic and human) to evaluate news authenticity. The project is financed by Regione Sicilia (project code 086201000451).
Discover Blasting News exclusive stories
Read stories you can’t find anywhere else
Enter our newsroom and find out the covered insights (on the record video and audio sources)
Discover our exclusive stories
MISSION AND VALUES

Blasting News is an innovative global publisher whose main objective is to offer independent and accurate journalism. We tell our news from a multiplicity of angles, without taking sides. Different from all other publishers who express their own agendas and prefer one point of view over another, at Blasting News the only side we take is yours: we offer you the story from every angle, even if we don’t agree with all of them, so that you can build informed opinions.

For us, every voice counts: this is the reason why we are open to receive submissions from any collaborator and freelancer. However, openness demands responsibility. To create a safe environment, all our news articles are submitted to a rigorous curation and fact-checking process using industry best practices: every piece of content is screened firstly by a Reviewer, than by our internal newsroom in London.
More about us
FOLLOW YOUR PASSIONS (THE CHANNELS)
Channels are communities of engaged users around specific vertical topics. You can keep up with all the latest news about the topics you love simply following the Channels around the things that interest you the most. Blasting News' Channels are a unique blend of verified and professionally curated news, written by our contributors and verified by our Reviewers, but also from official social media accounts and a lot of other leading publisher feeds. You won’t find a coverage like this anywhere else.
AUDIENCE PARTNERSHIP
Blasting News' main goal is to offer its users the most accurate and wide information possible. This is the reason why Blasting News built its Audience Partnership Programme: publishers from all around the world can - and some of them already are - featured on Blasting News' Channels.

Get in touch to reach new Audiences
TRANSPARENCY AND EDITORIAL LINES
You can find the key information about us in the transparency area, including among the others:
Editorial Processes Contributors Diversity Policy Ethics Policy Corrections Policy Verification/ Fact Checking Standards Unnamed Sources Policy Actionable Feedback Policy
More about our editorial guidelines
STAFF & CORPORATE
Blasting News relies on 2,000 contributors, with no limitation of race, class, age, gender and geography. Furthermore, Blasting News seeks diverse voices in its management staff. We employee professionals from more than 7 different nationalities in our offices in London (headquarters), Milan, New York and Rome. We are an independent, private company funded by a number of private shareholders and family offices. As a result, business decisions, but not editorial decisions, take shareholder value in mind.
More about our staff More about our corporate structure
WORK WITH US

For contributors
Any professional journalist, freelancer, matter expert or qualified person can become a collaborator of Blasting News (which we term "Blaster") and propose a news article in either written, audio or video format. Every news article needs at least two documented sources (either primary or secondary) to be considered for publication and will be verified by a Reviewer and our professional editorial staff.

If you want to become a Blaster, contact us.
 If you want to become a Reviewer (it is required to be a professional journalist), contact us.
If you want to do investigative reporting, contact us.

For influencers
Our top news articles are promoted by a global team of distributed digital micro-influencers (which we term “Social Blasters”).

If you want to become a Social Blaster, check out BlastingX and contact us.

For field experts
Our Channels are managed and curated by teams of experts in their specific fields (which we term “Channel Managers”).
If you want to become a Channel Manager, contact us.
ABOUT US
COOKIE POLICY
EDITORIAL
FACT CHECK
PRIVACY
CONTACT US
Blasting SA, IDI CHE-247.845.224, 0283901850 Via Carlo Frasca, 3 - 6900 Lugano (Switzerland) © 2025 Blasting News
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to provide you with a personalized service based on your browsing needs and to analyze our traffic. We collect and share with our 1564 partners who deal with web data analysis, advertising, and social media, some information about your device, such as IP address and device characteristics, which they may combine with other information you have provided them or collected from your use of their services. You can consent to the use of such technologies by clicking the "Accept All" button on this banner or customize your choices, possibly denying consent to the processing of personal data by third-party partners by clicking the "Customize" button.
By closing this banner (clicking the "X" button in the top right corner), you consent to the persistence of default settings that do not allow the use of cookies or other tracking tools other than technical ones.
We and our partners process your browsing data to: store and/or access information on a device; use limited data for ad selection; create profiles for personalized advertising; use profiles to select personalized advertising content; measure the performance of advertising; measure the performance of content; understand the audience through statistical combinations of data from different sources; develop and improve services; use limited data to select content.
To learn in detail which cookies we use on the site and to change your preferences at any time, we invite you to consult our Cookie Policy.
ACCEPT ALL
TRACKERS MANAGEMENT