Free & Premium Clean Design WordPress Themes - Blaze Themes Home Themes Free WordPress Themes (9) Premium WordPress Themes (9) Plugins News Kit Elementor Addons Blaze Demo Importer Theme Bundle Support Video Tutorials Documentation Support Ticket Hire A Customizer FAQs Blog Contact My Account INNOVATIVE WORDPRESS THEMES by blaze themes Blaze Themes' collection of professional WordPress themes bring your ideas to life. Designed with improved UI & UX and additional advanced features to manage your WordPress website with ease. Theme Bundle View All Themes WHY CHOOSE US Checkout some of awesome key features of our themes. GDPR Compatible Our themes are fully General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliant. All Blaze Themes are 100% GPL compatible, from the stock images you see on the demo sites, to the code used in the themes. REGULAR UPDATES We take clients’ feedback into account throughout the process. We regularly update in order to keep up with WordPress updates and also improve the theme itself. EASY SETUP Our video tutorials, well managed documentation and frameworks lets you install, create, edit and assign custom content with ease. FAST AND FRIENDLY SUPPORT We have informative blog and forums that are placed to learn, share, discuss and help. Support is available in forums and ticket systems and we respond within 12 Hrs or less. Translation Ready All Our Themes includes .pot file and you can use this file to translate the theme into other languages. All our theme is also compatible with WPML so you can use WPML Plugin for better multilingual websites. Video Tutorial We provide users with in-depth video tutorials that cover a wide range of topics. The tutorials are detailed and easy to follow, making it easy for users to learn new skills and improve their knowledge in various fields. SEO READY The Importance of having better Search Engine Rankings cannot be undermined. Our experts will ensure that each theme is Search Engines Friendly. Further features can be added by installing SEO plug in such as SEO Yoast Or Rank Math. RESPONSIVE DESIGNS Our responsive designs are pre checked and verified on every device and screen size. Giving you the distinct look and feel while being very easy to adapt and customization and also helping you with SEO. Our Latest News WordPress Theme Blogmatic Clean, Neat, Flexible & Highly Customizable theme. 15+ Unique Blog Layouts. React Based customizer controls. One Click Easy Demo Import Process Detailed Video tutorial. View Detail Download Our Featured Themes We build WordPress Themes compatible with Elementor, Gutenberg, and all other popular page builders.. Blog Postx Pro 3+ Templates DETAIL DEMO Blogzee Pro 7+ Templates DETAIL DEMO Digital Newspaper Pro 14+ Templates DETAIL DEMO Newsmatic Pro 20+ Templates DETAIL DEMO BROWSE ALL THEMES One Click Video Import All Our Prebuild Demo In Just One Click Testimonials What Our Client Says About US A Great Discovery I was looking for a new, clean, elegant theme that could combine speed and navigability. I tried this free version and I have to tell the truth, after a week of using it I can be satisfied. Clearly it will take me more time to evaluate its functionality 100%, but if the good morning starts in the morning … Universalmovies Montpellier, France Really enjoyed using the theme… Really enjoyed using the theme. Blaze has a variety of themes. Where I wanted more flexibility I was able to use plugins - mainly in order to use different headers. Loved the simplicity of this theme which is marketed for corporate but worked great as a portfolio for me as a creative. And it’s flexible enough for my needs. When there was a glitch with my site that affected mobile navigation they fixed it for me in a day. Great service. Susan-Jane United States Notification Panda I found the NewsMatic directly from WordPress themes and It’s really east to install and easy to configure it! I want to use free one for a few months and after that, I’ll switch to paid version.
                                                Thank you BlazeThemes! Keep up the good work! Notification Panda United States Excellent WordPress templates and great… Excellent WordPress templates and great technical support. I asked about a problem and they fixed it for me quickly and completely free of charge Mohamad Eid Lebanon The Best Theme I love it so much. Its the only theme that earned me AdSense approval within 24Hrs just 1 week after installing it. Properties 7 United States Really nice! Newsmatic is a fantastic free WordPress theme for news websites and blogs. It has a modern design, great customization options, and is highly readable. I highly recommend it! Alainreel India Really nice Amazing theme thank you. Really nice Amazing theme thank you. Techpantha Canada Nice website theme Convenient and high-quality theme with many features that will make the site interesting and attractive! Support for this theme is responsive and resolves issues quickly. Recommend! maximz0 Indonesia Unique design WordPress Themes Unique design enjoyed using your WordPress theme good luck. Dev Team United States Are you ready to get started? It's never been this easy. Get all our Premium Themes Theme Bundle Popular Themes Newsmatic Pro Digital Newspaper Pro Pubnews Pro Blogig Pro Useful Links Support Contact About Us Support Documentation Support Policy Request Customization FAQs We accept payment via Copyright © 2025 BlazeThemes.com. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Of Uses Refund Policy