Blend: Digital Lending & Account Opening for Banks, Credit Unions & Mortgage Providers Skip to main content Blend Logo Platform Platform Home Lending Suite Deliver seamless digital journeys from application to close. Mortgage Originations Verifications Lender Tools Close Rapid Home Refi Rapid Home Equity Consumer Banking Suite Offer unified experience across lines of business. Deposit Accounts Consumer Loans Platform A single platform powering our products Overview Intelligent Origination Partners and Integrations Solutions Solutions Credit Unions Elevate the experience of your members Banks Streamline your lending processes IMBs Optimize workflows and improve lender partnerships Mortgage Servicers Bring best-in-class home lending experience Resources Resources Insights Access our expert-driven resources to stay informed and inspired. Event Hub Explore upcoming events and past webinars Customers Customers Company Company About Reshaping the way we bank Newsroom All press is good press Investor Relations Powering the future of banking Partner with us Better partners for better banking Careers Join us build something big Request a demo Menu Platform Platform Home Lending Suite Deliver seamless digital journeys from application to close. Mortgage Originations Verifications Lender Tools Close Rapid Home Refi Rapid Home Equity Consumer Banking Suite Offer unified experience across lines of business. Deposit Accounts Consumer Loans Platform A single platform powering our products Overview Intelligent Origination Partners and Integrations Solutions Solutions Credit Unions Elevate the experience of your members Banks Streamline your lending processes IMBs Optimize workflows and improve lender partnerships Mortgage Servicers Bring best-in-class home lending experience Resources Resources Insights Access our expert-driven resources to stay informed and inspired. Event Hub Explore upcoming events and past webinars Customers Customers Company Company About Reshaping the way we bank Newsroom All press is good press Investor Relations Powering the future of banking Partner with us Better partners for better banking Careers Join us build something big Request a demo Digital origination solutions that put ROI on repeat Cut costs, accelerate closings, and supercharge growth. See why financial institutions of all sizes choose Blend for effortless, personalized banking and lending. Request a demo Explore the platform Today’s consumers expect simplicity, hyper-personalization, and speed across every banking and lending interaction Partner with a team that works with you to stay ahead of change, maximizing impact today and unlocking lasting value for tomorrow Unlock new opportunities Win more customers & boost deposit conversion rates by 50% Say goodbye to clunky, disconnected onboarding journeys. Cross-sell with personalized offers in the moment—across digital or branch channels. Learn more about the Blend Consumer Banking Suite → Work smarter, not harder Automate workflows to save 16+ hours per loan Streamline every step with an intuitive customer app, featuring dynamic questioning, self-serve capabilities, and a seamless application process. See how the Blend Platform helps you adapt to market changes, fast → Scale your business, not your head count Grow loan volume by 33% while keeping your team lean Leverage advanced origination, processing, and underwriting tools to serve more customers and capture new business opportunities. Learn how Blend makes home loan origination faster and easier → Innovate at the speed of change Go live in as fast as 4 weeks , see impact from day one Powered by dozens of pre-built integrations and trusted partners, Blend helps you move faster and start winning customers sooner. Explore Blend's partner network and get more from your technology investments → Banking and lending suites built with customers in mind It’s time for a new approach to Point of Sale (POS). Learn how the Blend platform helps you originate and close more applications, with less friction—and less cost. Solutions tailored for any size, any ambition. Home Lending Suite Improve pull-through, help people achieve homeownership faster Mortgage Originations Verifications Lender Tools Close Rapid Home Refi Rapid Home Equity Consumer Banking Suite Grow deposits and loans with dynamic cross-selling opportunities Deposit Accounts Consumer Loans Your industry, our expertise.  Solutions built for you. Credit Unions Scale, adapt, and deepen member loyalty—with a smarter, flexible approach Don’t let outdated tools slow you down. Our automation, integrations, and cost-effective scaling free you to focus on guiding members through every life milestone. Solutions for Credit Unions Banks Move fast and unlock innovation for less—reducing your risk of falling behind Blend delivers scalable solutions for a fraction of the cost of an in-house build, with automation that cuts inefficiencies, drives ROI, and keeps you ahead of changing markets. Solutions for Banks Independent Mortgage Banks Drive mortgage growth, originate without the overhead, and scale with confidence Blend’s Home Lending Suite helps IMBs win more customers, reduce costs, and give loan officers more time to focus on borrowers—not paperwork. Solutions for IMBs Mortgage Servicers Reimagine the mortgage experience to maximize retention Blend’s application-less mortgage solution helps you personalize the borrower experience, reducing abandonment and keeping customers loyal—so you can capture refinance opportunities and grow. Solutions for Mortgage Servicers Real results from companies like yours 10,000 hours saved annually—how BMO streamlined Home Equity closings with Blend’s hybrid and RON close. Read customer story 53% YOY increase in digital home equity applications 5 days saved from mortgage and home equity application cycles 10,000 hours saved per year from hybrid and RON closings for Home Equity Discover how Langley FCU accelerated growth—boosting new deposit openings by 37% Read customer story 37% increase in new digital deposit account openings 25% reduction in contact center intervention for approved application 10x better training and implementation experience with Blend's platform See how Keybank achieved a 42 point NPS increase with frictionless experiences for borrowers Read customer story 17 days saved in turnaround time 42 point increase in NPS score 84% adoption  rate from loan officers How Elements Financial grew deposit account submissions by 105%—fueling record growth Read customer story 11% increase in approved applications for consumer loans 60% time saved on average in application submission times for consumer loans 105% increase on average in deposit account application submission rate Uniting trusted partners in one platform Get more from your data systems System integration? No sweat. Let us do the heavy lifting with our network of trusted partners and pre-built integrations—so you can make the most of your existing IT investments. Explore all integrations We make it easier for financial institutions to anticipate, connect, and support people through life’s biggest money milestones About us Blend Resources and Insights Shaping financial innovation in lending and banking Blend momentum The future of refinance and home equity is here A game-changing solution that redefines refinance and home equity by flipping the traditional application process on its head. Read the article about The future of refinance and home equity is here Thought leadership Inside the C-Suite: 5 big bets banks and credit unions are making in 2025 Key deposit account features to drive growth and stay competitive in the digital age. Read the article about Inside the C-Suite: 5 big bets banks and credit unions are making in 2025 Six Years Strong: Blend Named a 2025 HousingWire Tech100 Mortgage Winner Read the article about Six Years Strong: Blend Named a 2025 HousingWire Tech100 Mortgage Winner Blend moves fast, so you can move first. Get started in 4 weeks or less. What’s new Blend Unveils Vision for Intelligent Origination: A New Operating Model for Lending Blend Logo Home Lending Suite Mortgage Originations Verifications Lender Tools Close Rapid Home Refi Rapid Home Equity Consumer Banking Suite Deposit Accounts Consumer Loans Platform Overview Intelligent Origination Partners and Integrations Solutions Credit Unions Banks IMBs Mortgage Servicers Resources Resource Library Events Hub Partner with us Company About Careers Newsroom Investor Relations © Blend 2025 Disclaimers Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Security Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Introducing Rapid Home Lending Revolutionary refinance and home equity solutions that help you thrive in any market. Close Banner Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent