Blink Smart Security 0 Skip to Content Products Devices and Accessories Blink Home Monitor App Where to Shop Plans Global Help Customer Community Support Contact Us Log in Open Menu Close Menu Products Devices and Accessories Blink Home Monitor App Where to Shop Plans Global Help Customer Community Support Contact Us Log in Open Menu Close Menu Folder: Products Back Devices and Accessories Blink Home Monitor App Where to Shop Plans Global Folder: Help Back Customer Community Support Contact Us Log in Shop now Whole home coverage starts here Our smart security cameras let you see, hear, and speak from the Blink Home Monitor app. Experience HD day and night video, two way audio, motion detection, and more. Get up to two years of battery life* with our wire-free devices. Featuring next-level 2K clarity, enhanced audio, plus an easy wireless setup, our next-generation Outdoor 2K+ gives you complete security for your view, your way. No wires. No worries. No compromises. New Outdoor 2K+ Learn more Mini camera, max performance. Mini 2K+ is our third-generation compact plug-in camera, featuring sharp 2K video resolution and expansive coverage that captures every detail in stunning clarity. New Mini 2K+ Learn more Blink Arc is a compact, weather-resistant mount that connects two Blink Mini 2K+ cameras, delivering 180° panoramic live view with a Blink Plus Plan (sold separately). Two cameras. One power source. Complete coverage. New Blink Arc Learn more Video Doorbell is our second-generation smart security doorbell with up to two years of battery life, an expanded field of view, and improved security features for more peace of mind, no matter where you are. Video Doorbell Learn more “We were minutes away from losing our memories, our home, and most concerning, our precious dog babies. Get yourself a camera... changed the course of my life.” — Monica S., Blink Customer Blink and you’re home See, hear, and speak from anywhere The Blink Home Monitor app connects your home to your phone for the ultimate peace of mind. With multi-system support, you can use Blink to help watch over your home, vacation home, or business all at the same time. Plus, control multiple Blink systems in one app. Learn more Do more with Alexa Go hands free with select Alexa-enabled devices! Be alerted when motion is detected, stream live video, speak to visitors with two-way talk, create helpful routines, and so much more. Features may vary upon setup and device type. Learn more Smart security designed for every home Bring peace of mind home with Blink indoor and outdoor devices Shop now *Battery life will vary based on device settings, use, and environmental factors. Main Home Products Support Contact Us Shop Now About Blink About Us Careers Customer Community Legal Terms, Warranties, and Notices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Data Portability Accessibility Questions on Security © date Blink, An Amazon Company | Immedia Semiconductor, Inc. or its affiliates