Independent Omnichannel DSP | Blis, part of T-Ads Skip to content Main Menu Our Technology Our Ethos Sustainability About us Leadership team The Latest from Blis Insight reports Events & webinars Creative showcase Rise (DEIB) ESG Contact us Careers Our Technology Our Ethos Sustainability About us Leadership team The Latest from Blis Insight reports Events & webinars Creative showcase Rise (DEIB) ESG Contact us Careers Book a demo The world’s simplest and most powerful planning, buying, and measurement platform A radically different omnichannel advertising platform Achieve incremental reach and incremental performance Effortless tools for measurable campaign success. Transforming the way you advertise across every channel. Maximize your audience and deliver superior results. Get in touch Combine The Blis platform empowers brands and agencies to connect with audiences in meaningful, privacy-first ways. We combine accurate data, innovative technology, and deep insights to deliver targeted campaigns that drive real-world outcomes. From optimizing media performance to reaching audiences at scale, Blis helps businesses stay ahead in an ever-changing digital landscape. Plan Plan & build audiences with premium data structured on geography, not identity. Buy Buy audiences with smart cookieless technology that doubles performance and halves costs Measure Measure the audience, not just the channel, with a suite of cookieless measurement solutions Find out more Why Blis? Legacy platforms Plan Legacy platforms use multiple data sets to target multiple channels Buy Legacy DSPs rely on cookies and IDs, limiting reach and addressability. Measure Legacy DSPs measure the channel and add it together. Plan Blis audiences are unified. One data set, one audience, any channel. Buy Blis audiences don’t need cookies or IDs, so we can reach your audience anywhere. Measure Blis measures your whole audience with patent-pending proprietary technology. Legacy platforms Plan Legacy platforms use multiple data sets to target multiple channels Buy Legacy DSPs rely on cookies and IDs, limiting reach and addressability. Measure Legacy DSPs measure the channel and add it together. Plan Blis audiences are unified. One data set, one audience, any channel. Buy Blis audiences don’t need cookies or IDs, so we can reach your audience anywhere. Measure Blis measures your whole audience with patent-pending proprietary technology. Omnichannel measurement Discover Smart Holdout Groups, our patent-pending omnichannel incrementality measurement framework designed to measure what matters most: the true impact of your omnichannel campaigns on business outcomes. Powered by third-party data, this flexible framework enables you to measure metrics that drive results, such as sales lift, app usage lift, footfall lift, brand lift, and custom lift, an exciting fully customisable metric powered by you and your data. Whether you’re measuring new subscribers, test drives, or online sales, Smart Holdout Groups empowers you to measure across your whole campaign, on Blis and on other platforms, to uncover the true impact of your campaign. The world’s top brands and agencies trust Blis Blis has a great team and when it comes to client service they are top notch! Everyone in the team knows their product inside out and the end to end service is great! Stephen Lee Outcomes Account Director It’s very easy to build a geo-powered audience and push it through to activation. Candice Perkins Comms Planning Manager The visualization of the competitive market share is really powerful. It makes understanding both opportunity areas and where we are losing share to key competitors simple. Phil Golding-Wood Account Director Learning how to build a complex audience on the platform and using the various data sets was really easy. Milly Barrow Planning Account Manager We’re always onto something. Check out our lastest news and insights Vanessa Gorga Fendi converte l’awareness in visite reali con l’approccio geo-based di Blis 3 min read time Amy Fox Blis CPO Amy Fox: “New AI planning tool makes audience discovery easy” 3 min read time Alex Boras Redefining Audience Discovery: A New Chapter with T-Mobile Advertising Solutions 3 min read time Get in touch The world’s simplest and most powerful planning, buying, and measurement platform Effortless tools for measurable campaign success. Transforming the way you advertise across every channel. Maximize your audience and deliver superior results. Get in touch Combine Home Plan, Buy, Measure Our Ethos Sustainability About Blog Latest reports Press releases In the news Events & webinars Creative showcase Careers Rise (DEIB) Contact us Book a demo Linkedin-in Twitter Instagram Facebook-f Youtube © Blis Global Ltd 2025 | Blis and the arrowhead logo are registered trademarks: 016 842 619; 3 202 245; 016 691 834; 3 189 598; 5,401,653 Privacy centre | Cookie Declaration | Brand Safety | Modern slavery statement | Do not sell/share my personal information Linkedin-in Twitter Instagram Facebook-f Youtube Get the latest Blis news and insights © Blis Global Ltd 2025 | Blis and the arrowhead logo are registered trademarks: 016 842 619; 3 202 245; 016 691 834; 3 189 598; 5,401,653 Privacy centre | Cookie Policy | Brand Safety | Modern slavery statement | Do not sell/share my personal information Scroll to Top