This website uses cookies
Some tracking technologies are important for the correct functioning of our websites and are always used on this site. By clicking “Allow all Cookies” you are also directing us to use tracking technologies such as third-party advertising and analytics providers, some of whom may be based in the United States. You can configure your preferences by toggling the buttons below and clicking on the “Allow Selected Cookies” link. You can click on “Show details” for more information about the cookie categories. Our Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and Declaration, and additional privacy information can be reviewed in our Privacy Centre.
Consent Selection
Strictly Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Targeted Advertising and Social Media
Show details
Allow all Cookies
Allow Selected Cookies
Allow Strictly Necessary Cookies
Skip to content
Our Technology
Our Ethos
Sustainability
About us
Careers
Book a demo
The world’s simplest
and most powerful planning, buying, and measurement platform
A radically different omnichannel advertising platform
Achieve incremental reach and incremental performance
Effortless tools for measurable campaign success.
Transforming the way you advertise across every channel.
Maximize your audience and deliver superior results.
Get in touch
Combine

The Blis platform empowers brands and agencies to connect with audiences in meaningful, privacy-first ways. We combine accurate data, innovative technology, and deep insights to deliver targeted campaigns that drive real-world outcomes. From optimizing media performance to reaching audiences at scale, Blis helps businesses stay ahead in an ever-changing digital landscape.

Plan

Plan & build audiences with premium data structured on geography, not identity.

Buy

Buy audiences with smart cookieless technology that doubles performance and halves costs

Measure

Measure the audience, not just the channel, with a suite of cookieless measurement solutions

Why Blis?
Legacy platforms
Plan

Legacy platforms use multiple data sets to target multiple channels

Buy
Legacy DSPs rely on cookies and IDs, limiting reach and addressability.
Measure
Legacy DSPs measure the channel and add it together.
Plan
Blis audiences are unified.
One data set, one audience,
any channel.
Buy
Blis audiences don’t need cookies or IDs, so we can reach your audience anywhere.
Measure

Blis measures your whole audience with patent-pending proprietary technology.

Omnichannel measurement

Discover Smart Holdout Groups, our patent-pending omnichannel incrementality measurement framework designed to measure what matters most: the true impact of your omnichannel campaigns on business outcomes.

Powered by third-party data, this flexible framework enables you to measure metrics that drive results, such as sales lift, app usage lift, footfall lift, brand lift, and custom lift, an exciting fully customisable metric powered by you and your data. Whether you’re measuring new subscribers, test drives, or online sales, Smart Holdout Groups empowers you to measure across your whole campaign, on Blis and on other platforms, to uncover the true impact of your campaign.

The world’s top brands
and agencies trust Blis
Blis has a great team and when it comes to client service they are top notch! Everyone in the team knows their product inside out and the end to end service is great!
Stephen Lee
Outcomes Account Director
It’s very easy to build a geo-powered audience and push it through to activation.
Candice Perkins
Comms Planning Manager
The visualization of the competitive market share is really powerful. It makes understanding both opportunity areas and where we are losing share to key competitors simple.
Phil Golding-Wood
Account Director
Learning how to build a complex audience on the platform and using the various data sets was really easy.
Milly Barrow
Planning Account Manager
We’re always
onto something.
Check out our lastest news and insights
Vanessa Gorga
Fendi converte l’awareness in visite reali con l’approccio geo-based di Blis
3 min read time
Amy Fox
Blis CPO Amy Fox: “New AI planning tool makes audience discovery easy”
3 min read time
Alex Boras
Redefining Audience Discovery: A New Chapter with T-Mobile Advertising Solutions
3 min read time
Get in touch
Linkedin-in
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
Facebook-f
 
Youtube

© Blis Global Ltd 2025 | Blis and the arrowhead logo are registered trademarks: 016 842 619; 3 202 245; 016 691 834; 3 189 598; 5,401,653

Privacy centre   |   Cookie Declaration   |   Brand Safety   |   Modern slavery statement  | Do not sell/share my personal information