Lightning & Thunderstorms - World Map Blitzortung.org Realtime Maps: Fixed Size Realtime Maps: Dynamic Size Realtime Maps: Vector Map Historical Data: Historical Maps Historical Data: Customized Archive Data Further Info: What’s New? Further Info: Cover your Area Further Info: Forum Project Area: User Data Project Area: Compendium Project Area: Station List Project Area: Map Generator Login Blitzortung.org Realtime Maps Fixed Size Dynamic Size Vector Map Historical Data Historical Maps Customized Archive Data Further Info What’s New? Cover your Area Forum Project Area User Data Compendium Station List Map Generator Login Network for Lightning and Thunderstorms in Real Time - Real time lightning map Overview Map Europe Oceania North America Asia South America Africa Strikes Detectors Sound Los Angeles: 19:26 New York: 22:26 Berlin: 04:26 Moscow: 06:26 New Delhi: 08:56 Tokyo: 12:26 Wellington: 16:26 Quick Links Important Advices Disclaimer Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint / Contact Projects Donations Social Networks LIKE US ON FACEBOOK FOLLOW US IN TWITTER Select your menu language čeština dansk deutsch ελληνικά english español suomeksi français magyar italiano 日本語 latviski nederlandse norsk македонски polski português русский српски svenska türk український If your language is not supported and if you want to adapt the menu language, then write an email to info ☺ blitzortung.org. A worldwide, real-time, community collaborative lightning location network. © 2003-2026 Blitzortung.org Contributors This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content, to analyse our traffic, and to show advertisements. Displaying advertisements could share information about your use of our site with advertising partners who may combine it with other information that you are provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. Choose the type of cookies you're happy for us to use (you can change them anytime), or just accept. Certain types of cookie are essential to use our site. We store the time and the selection of your consent anonymously under the identification stored in cookie "ID". Technically necessary Necessary cookies make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preferences Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the map you are looking at. These include the cookies LANGUAGE, MAP, DISPLAYSTR, DISPLAYDET and SOUND, which were used for the language currently set, the last map displayed, the settings last used to display strikes and detectors and the setting currently used for playing sound. Statistic Statistic cookies help us to understand how, when, and from where visitors interact with our websites by collecting and reproting information anonymously. Privacy & Cookies Policy Use necessary cookies only Select settings Decline Accept selection Accept all