Blocksi × Skip to content 1 877 693 4822 Support SOLUTIONS Open menu Internet Content Filtering Classroom Management System Stundent and School Safety PRICING WHITEPAPERS NEWS Open menu Blogs Product Updates Helpful Reads Announcements & Events RESOURCES Open menu Teacher Hub Did you know? Coffee Break Webinars Community Forum Terms of Service Product Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy CSDPA GDPR Accessibility FAQs Open a Support Ticket Blocksi Service Status ABOUT US Open menu About Us Our Team Our Partners Careers Contact Us REQUEST A DEMO SIGN IN Open menu System Admin Delegate Parent or Guardian Student Partner Login Internet Content Filtering Detecting and Filtering Harmful Content Classroom Management System Advanced Teacher Dashboard Student Safety Take Care of Students' Well-Being Admin Hub App Usage Insights Blocksi Appliance Teacher Hub Teacher Hub Hall Pass Did You Know? Coffee Break Webinars Community Forum Parent Hub Parent Hub Parent Resources LEGAL Terms of Service Product Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy GDPR Accessibility Support FAQs How-To Videos Open a Support Ticket Blocksi Service Status Sign in to your account Admin Teacher Delegate Parent or Guardian Student Blocksi Manager Education Everywhere UPGRADING THE MODERN LEARNING EXPERIENCE The Only Multi-OS 1:1 Unified School Management Platform Elevate your K-12 environment with ai adaptive solutions request a demo AI Smart and Scalable Content Filtering AI-adaptive YouTube and Web Filtering is specifically designed for K-12 teachers and students. discover more Beyond a Simple Classroom Screen Monitoring System Classroom Screen Monitoring system revolutionizes the 21st century classroom experience. discover more 24/7/365 AI Early Warning: Student and School Safety 24/7/365 Student and School Safety guarantees peace of mind through smart early threat detection. discover more More than 500 school districts and 3 million users trust Blocksi to manage a wide range of student devices for an engaged and safe learning experience. Chris Sharp, Teacher Washington District 50 School Blocksi is a great resource to help keep your students on task and focused! You can screen share, enforce websites, give heads up, and message students on their devices! If you want help to make your classroom smoother, then Blocksi is for you!!! Don Sutton, Director Of Technology Wilmington City Schools Your solution's ability to filter inappropriate content, monitor student activities, and manage access to various online resources aligns perfectly with our goal of creating a safe, controlled, and conducive digital learning environment. Chris Kaiser, Assistant Director of Technology Fox C-6 School District We moved to Blocksi during COVID-19 when we had to send Chromebooks home with students and needed a filtering solution quickly. We last looked back a while ago. They are constantly updating and improving to keep up with the world of education and implement suggestions from their clients. Chris Sharp, Teacher Washington District 50 School Blocksi is a great resource to help keep your students on task and focused! You can screen share, enforce websites, give heads up, and message students on their devices! If you want help to make your classroom smoother, then Blocksi is for you!!! Don Sutton, Director Of Technology Wilmington City Schools Your solution's ability to filter inappropriate content, monitor student activities, and manage access to various online resources aligns perfectly with our goal of creating a safe, controlled, and conducive digital learning environment. Chris Kaiser, Assistant Director of Technology Fox C-6 School District We moved to Blocksi during COVID-19 when we had to send Chromebooks home with students and needed a filtering solution quickly. We last looked back a while ago. They are constantly updating and improving to keep up with the world of education and implement suggestions from their clients. Content Filtering, Student Safety, and Classroom Management All in One Suite Empower, monitor, and safeguard your students with Blocksi—an all-encompassing solution seamlessly integrating AI-powered threat detection for school and student safety, adaptive content filtering guided by AI, and a customized classroom management system designed for K-12 districts. Stay Ahead of Students Through Adaptive AI Content Filtering Proactive AI Adaptive Content Filtering Stay ahead of students without the need for continuous block list adjustments. Effortlessly filter the internet on school devices or BYOD with over 90 filtering categories, regular, DNS, and time-based policies, and multi-OS support. Multi-layered Web and granular YouTube filtering Hyper-scalable and fast deployment for seamless usage Full traffic decryption and unlimited bandwidth Wide coverage with easy and low maintenance Multi-OS support LEARN MORE LEARN MORE YouTube and Web filtering for a 21st-century learning environment. Book a demo Instruction Delivery Tool for K-12 Teachers Beyond Standard Classroom Screen Monitoring A comprehensive classroom management system that delivers insight into every student’s learning experience. Designed specifically for educators in both traditional and remote learning settings, the Classroom Screen Monitoring System empowers teachers to monitor students’ screens, whether they are inside or outside the classroom, collectively or individually. Real-time screen monitoring Secure test mode with a URL-based environment Live student analytics per session Remotely freezing or locking screens Detecting plagiarism and ensuring academic integrity LEARN MORE LEARN MORE Student and School Safety supported by Early Warning system 24/7/365 Student Safety Identify potential harm and proactively prevent tragedies from unfolding. Gain an overview of students’ online activities and highlight areas of concern. 24/7/365 scanning of Google Workspace and Outlook Analyzing student behavior patterns through collected analytics Receive smart alerts for detected concerning content Overview of student online activities with areas of concern LEARN MORE LEARN MORE Bundled With Your Blocksi Solutions bmee Admin Enforce robust browsing policies to eliminate distractions, enhance the learning environment, and limit access to potentially disruptive or harmful content, such as YouTube Shorts, chats, videos, and similar materials. Learn More class Teacher Effective classroom management designed to assist teachers in actively engaging every student and confidently leading their class. Learn More school Delegate Support your Sys Admin and school district in eliminating unnecessary distractions. Use online content to enhance student learning while restricting access to distracting or harmful material. Learn More home Parent Forge deeper connections between parents and students, aiding parents in ensuring the safety and happiness of their child at all times. Learn More bmee Admin Enforce robust browsing policies to eliminate distractions, enhance the learning environment, and limit access to potentially disruptive or harmful content, such as YouTube shorts, chats, videos, and similar materials. LEARN MORE CLASS Teacher Effective classroom management designed to assist teachers in actively engaging every student and confidently leading their class. LEARN MORE SCHOOL Delegate Support your System Admin and school district in eliminating unnecessary distractions. Use online content to enhance student learning while restricting access to distracting or harmful material. LEARN MORE HOME Parent Forge deeper connections between parents and students, aiding parents in ensuring the safety and happiness of their child at all times. LEARN MORE With Blocksi, You Get So Much More Location and IP-based Device Anti-theft System for Missing or Stolen Devices Secure devices by incorporating features like geolocation tracking, remote locking, and data wipe to prevent theft and protect valuable technology resources. DISCOVER MORE Your Ally for Effortless Teaching Redefine Exams With AI-Powered Formative Quizzes Easily create unique quizzes enhanced with a variety of interactive question formats. Select the subject, topic, language, and number of questions, and then assess outcomes, view past performance, and analyze statistical data to gauge overall student advancement. DISCOVER MORE Customized presets for blocksi learning hub Integration With More Than 25 Web Apps Select from available apps, and the necessary URLs will automatically appear in the assessment window, creating separate kiosks based on the URLs. DISCOVER MORE Real-time interaction Video Conferencing and Screen Sharing Enable both remote and in-classroom learning through real-time screen sharing and video meetings. Record your sessions and share them with students. DISCOVER MORe Student and School Safety supported by Early Warning system Device Anti-theft System for Missing or Stolen Devices Secure devices by incorporating features like geolocation tracking, remote locking, and data wipe to prevent theft and protect valuable technology resources. download datasheet Student and School Safety supported by Early Warning system Redefine Exams With AI-Powered Formative Quizzes Easily create unique quizzes enhanced with a variety of interactive question formats. Select the subject, topic, language, and the number of questions, and then assess outcomes, view past performance, and analyze statistical data to gauge overall student advancement. download datasheet Student and School Safety supported by Early Warning system Integration with More Than 25 Web Apps Select from available apps, and the necessary URLs will automatically appear in the assessment window, creating separate kiosks based on the URLs. download datasheet Student and School Safety supported by Early Warning system Video Conferencing and Screen Sharing Enable both remote and in-classroom learning through real-time screen sharing and video meetings. Record your sessions and share them with students. download datasheet Establish a Foundation of Knowledge With a Sense of Certainty and Confidence in Your System The Only Multi-OS 1:1 Unified Management Platform BOOK A free demo REQUEST A QUOTE Questions and Answers – All in One Place Which devices does Blocksi filter? Blocksi is compatible with various devices such as Chromebooks, WindowsOS, iPad, MacOS, and Android, making it versatile for school use. It can filter devices designated as school devices based on custom policies, allowing schools to apply filtering to personally owned devices of students or staff. That covers everything from laptops and tablets to mobile phones. Do I need to install a piece of hardware to use the Blocksi solution? Blocksi solutions are cloud-based and do not require additional hardware installation; instead, they need a quick and simple extension installation. In addition, Blocksi offers agents for each operational system: ChromeOS, MacOS, iOS, Windows OS, and Android. Can I use additional platforms and apps to help me carry out student assignments? You can always create studying environments (URL-based locked kiosks) with an assessment tool supporting over 25 LMS platforms, such as Canvas, Word, EdPuzzle, and more. With this tool, you can create various presets and use them again in your future classes. Can I import my data from other platforms to the Teacher Dashboard? Of course, the Teacher Dashboard allows you to import your classes from different platforms, such as Google Classroom, Canvas, and more. What triggers Student Safety alerts? Once the AI detects worrying content, an expert human reviewer receives it and evaluates its seriousness. If it is recognized as a threat, the reviewer sends the alert and notifies the school. Does Student Safety scan every email? The student safety solution scans the entire Google Workspace and Outlook environment, including emails, images, and documents. Who is reviewing the content? Student Safety works through a combination of AI and expert human review. After AI detects harmful content, the human reviewer goes through the same content again to ensure it gets scanned correctly. go to faq page Join us today in our quest to create a secure learning environment for students. BOOK A free demo REQUEST A QUOTE Questions and Answers – All in One Place Can I use additional platforms and apps to help me carry out student assignments? Yes. You can always create studying environments (URL-based locked kiosks) with an assessment tool supporting over 25 LMS platforms, such as Canvas, Word, Edpuzzle, and more. With this tool, you can create various presets and use them again in your future classes. go to faq page Download Datasheets to Get More Info Content Filtering Datasheet Download Classroom Monitoring Datasheet Download Student Safety Datasheet Download Stay Connected With Us on Our Blog Stay Connected With Us on Our Blog Blocksi Product Release: Xmas 2025 Celebrates Innovation and Growth read more App Usage Insights: Optimize Technology and Reduce Costs read more Blocksi Launches Digital Hall Pass for K–12 Schools read more Classroom Management With Blocksi: A California Teacher’s Experience read more 5 Top Benefits of Using AI Student Safety Tools for K-12 read more K-12 Funding: 5 Tech Director Strategies for 2025 Shutdown read more Our Partners Chris Sharp, Teacher Washington District 50 School Blocksi is a great resource to help keep your students on task and focused! You can screen share, enforce websites, give heads up, and message students on their devices! If you want help to make your classroom smoother, then Blocksi is for you!!! Chris Kaiser, Assistant Director of Technology Fox C-6 School District We moved to Blocksi during COVID-19 when we had to send Chromebooks home with students and needed a filtering solution quickly. We last looked back a while ago. They are constantly updating and improving to keep up with the world of education and implement suggestions from their clients. Don Sutton, Director Of Technology Wilmington City Schools Your solution's ability to filter inappropriate content, monitor student activities, and manage access to various online resources aligns perfectly with our goal of creating a safe, controlled, and conducive digital learning environment. Chris Sharp, Teacher Washington District 50 School Blocksi is a great resource to help keep your students on task and focused! You can screen share, enforce websites, give heads up, and message students on their devices! If you want help to make your classroom smoother, then Blocksi is for you!!! Chris Kaiser, Assistant Director of Technology Fox C-6 School District We moved to Blocksi during COVID-19 when we had to send Chromebooks home with students and needed a filtering solution quickly. We last looked back a while ago. They are constantly updating and improving to keep up with the world of education and implement suggestions from their clients. Don Sutton, Director Of Technology Wilmington City Schools Your solution's ability to filter inappropriate content, monitor student activities, and manage access to various online resources aligns perfectly with our goal of creating a safe, controlled, and conducive digital learning environment. Stay Connected Sign up to our newsletter to receive latest news about Blocksi Student Safety, Screen Monitoring and Content Filtering solutions. Validate Email Email Sign Up to Our Newsletter SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER Terms and Conditions By clicking this button you agree to our Terms. About Us Blocksi is devoted to establishing a secure environment for K-12 students by proactively shielding them from harmful content, regardless of whether they are inside or outside school districts . More about us → Blocksi Inc. 228 Hamilton Avenue Palo Alto California 94301, USA sales@blocksi.net 1 877 693 4822 SOLUTIONS Open menu Internet Content Filtering Classroom Management Student and School Safety NEWS Open menu Blogs Product Updates Helpful Reads Announcements & Events RESOURCES Open menu Teacher Hub Hall Pass Did You Know? Coffee Break Webinars Community Forum Parent Hub Parent Resources App Usage Insights Blocksi Appliance 1EdTech LEGAL Open menu Terms of Service Product Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy GDPR Accessibility SUPPORT Open menu How-To-Videos Blocksi Service Status Blocksi Router Blocksi Home DNS Manager Login ABOUT US Open menu About Us Our Team Our Partners Careers Contact Us sales@blocksi.net support@blocksi.net Legal Cookie notice Classlink Accessibility © 2024 Blocksi, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms × By entering the above information, you agree to subscribe to our services. You retain the right to unsubscribe from receiving content at any time. Please note that clicking this button signifies your acceptance of the terms outlined in the Website Privacy Policy ,
where you can find detailed information on how we handle your data. I AGREE TO TERMS Terms × By entering the above information, you will subscribe to our newsletter. You can unsubscribe from receiving content at any time. You can read more about how we treat your data in the Website Privacy Policy I AGREE TO TERMS × Book a Demo Fill out your data and one of our experts will reach out to you with a free demo of our solution. Validate Email First Name Last Name Email Address Phone Number Number of Devices Number of Google Users School District Name Country Select a Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua & Deps Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Rep Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo {Democratic Rep} Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland {Republic} Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea North Korea South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar, {Burma} Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda St Kitts & Nevis St Lucia Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe State Select a State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas American Samoa California Colorado Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming message Sign Up for Demo SIGN UP FOR A DEMO Terms and Conditions By clicking this button you agree to our Terms.