Blockify - Secure & Grow Your Shopify Store Enjoy 3 months of Shopify for $1/month ✨ About Us Products Menu Item Prevent fraudulents to secure and grow your Shopify store Fraud Filter & Blocker Fraud filter & fraud prevention to redirect & block IP, block country, & block bots using Proxy/VPN Blockify Checkout Rules & COD Checkout rules, hide payment, hide shipping method, COD free on checkout page & fraud prevention Blockify Age Verification 18+ Blockify Age verification popup: Age check, Elevate Trust, Safeguard Store, Ensure Legal Compliance Pricing Resources Blog Knowledge Base Our Partners IP Location Lookup Platforms Shopify Wix Contact us Try For Free Prevent Fraudulent to secure and grow your Shopify store Blockify is an ecosystem that protects your store from the entry of the store to checkout, securing your checkout page and enhancing business efficiency. Available on: Shopify Wix Commerce Fraud Filter & Blocker Fraud prevention and block IPs with a Fraud filter & IP blocker. Read more Checkout Blocks & Rules Customize checkout order limits and branding with powerful conditions. Read more Age Verification Add age check, verification popup, and age gate to your store. Read more Discover Why We’re the Best Choice for Your Business Built for Shopify All our apps meet Shopify's highest quality standards, operating seamlessly with the latest themes and admin tools. Enhanced Security Protect your store from fraud, bots, and high-risk orders with advanced IP, country, and VPN blocking, ensuring safe and smooth operations. Customer Experience Customize checkout processes, reduce confusion with tailored rules, and improve order completion rates for a seamless shopping journey. Legal Compliance Ensure compliance with age restrictions using professional 18+ verification popups, while reinforcing customer trust in your brand. Blockify is the #1 solution for fraud prevention and protecting your store Protect your store now Listen to Our Real Merchants I highly recommend Blockify to create proactive measures to prevent fraud on your website. It has helped us prevent many attacks and gave me peace of mind. It also automates many of the tasks I have around needing to cancel and refund fraudulent orders. The support and development team went above and beyond to help solve many of my problems! Joseph Nguyen / United States I’m 62 years old and already getting bots messaging me and my store is not even open yet. I contacted Shopify and they recommended this App for help. I’m in the US and it’s afternoon here and I contacted Blockify. To my suprise they were waiting for my message and replied immediately even though it is midnight there. Tif checked my settings and made sure he could not get into my store from his area. He also proved fast, friendly and knowledgable service. I’m hoping this app is just what I need to keep the scammers and bots away. Stay tuned. So far, loving it. Good Girl Custom Designs / United States Very satisfied as the app is straightforward and easy to use unlike other apps serving similar purpose. More importantly, “Joyce Yang” from the support team was exceptional and excellent in helping me out fix some troubleshooting issue I had, answered all my questions in detail and was patient in assisting me throughout the process. ROOYAS / United Arab Emirates Fantastic App, Highly Recommended! This app has been a game-changer for my Shopify store! The features are intuitive and easy to set up, and it integrates perfectly with my theme. It has significantly improved my store’s functionality and boosted customer satisfaction. If you’re looking for an app to enhance your store’s performance, this is the one. A must-have for any Shopify store owner! QUEEN’S SECRET / China Amazing App! It is a very aesthetic design and extremely easy to set up. The support is also extremely helpful, fast and competent! Can recommend to everyone! I myself haven’t used such a good free app in a long time! Hemphaven / Austria Beyond innovative solutions, we offer exceptional services 24/7 Support Experience round-the-clock assistance with live chat and email support, ensuring help is always just a click away. Guided onboarding Kickstart with Blockify's guided onboarding, fast setup, and intuitive tools for seamless store security and checkout customization. Continuous improvement Built to your needs, evolving with regular updates to stay aligned with market trends and business demands. Try For Free Read our docs Get started in just a few steps Discover the simplicity of setup and rapid results with Blockify's seamless integration for your Shopify store. Become Our Partner Join the Blockify Partner program and gain access to exclusive opportunities within our ecosystem of apps on the Shopify App Store. Apply Now Stand out Tech Integration Marketing promotion Exclusive perks for partner users Offer a variety of benefits Optimize, adapt, and streamline seamlessly Blockify offers fraud prevention, checkout customization, age verification, and seamless integrations to secure your store, prevent fraud, and boost Shopify sales. 20K+ Merchants worldwide 500+ 5-star reviews 40B+ Verified traffic monthly $36M High-risk order cancelled monthly +30% Purchase rate with checkout rules 24/7 Global Support Coverage Our vision is to enhance security and boost your business sales. Products Fraud Filter & Blocker Age Verification Checkout Rules Blockify for Wix Site Resources About Us Partners Knowledge Base Blog Socials Youtube Twitter Linkedin ©2025 Blockifyapp. All rights reserved. Privacy &
                        Policy Terms &
                        Condition Shopify Only Charges $1/Month In The First 3 Months. – START SHOPIFY TRIAL !