Why BlockSite?
Help
Blog
Login
Add to Chrome
Get Premium
Lifetime access
Block Sites and Apps Without Limits

One time payment of $49.99.
Save 67% for a limited time.

Unlimited site and app blocking
Automated scheduled sessions
Works across all devices & browsers
Grab This Deal
30-day money-back guarantee
Your Productivity Tools
Check the features BlockSite offers to help improve your productivity, stay focused, and avoid distractions
Block List
No limit to the sites and apps you can block
Focus Mode
Prevent all distractions within a set amount of time
Schedule
Block all your distractions during the hours you choose
Insights
Explore your browsing trends over time to become more productive
Sync on Multiple Platforms
Block the same sites and apps on all your devices
Block by Category
Use a category to block everything you need to block with one click
Block by Keyword
Block multiple sites and apps with a keyword
Site Redirect
Automatically redirect whenever you’re tempted to open a blocked site or app
Custom Block Page
Create a page to redirect and remind yourself of why you need to stay focused
Password Protection
When you’re tempted to change your settings, you’ll have to enter your password
Uninstall Prevention
Help stay focused by preventing uninstalling BlockSite
Slack
Prevent getting distracted by Slack messages from your coworkers during your focus times
Trusted by over 2,999,667+ productive users
Be productive at work

Find out how BlockSite has helped professionals around the world increase their productivity and improve their focus while at work.

Adam Butterworth
Western Road Primary School, Lewes, UK
“Woooow! I mean like wow it helped me so much to get back to studying. I finally stopped easily switching from my homework tasks to tiktok.“
Natalie Searson
Newcroft Primary School, Loughborough, UK
“So far after downloading this append passing over my internet addictions. I feel free from unproductive browsing. It is definitely the best available!“
Aron Veres
Head Teacher – Le Murier School, Guernsey, Channel Islands
“This helped me stop watching YouTube during online classes. I now actually pay attention and am getting the grades I always knew I could.“
Take control of your workday
Control Your Time

One of the most effective skills you can have in life is effective time management. If you’re not managing your time well, you won’t be able to reach your professional or personal goals. With the various features available on BlockSite your time management schedule will never look better.

You’ll be able to get everything you need to do done using the best time management techniques and still have time to browse your favorite sites and apps!

 

Boost Your Productivity


The time has come to increase productivity. So, whether you’re at work, studying at school or just looking for a way to get more done during the day, BlockSite has the best tools to help you improve your productivity and get the results you want quickly and effectively.

Distractions are everywhere

Try BlockSite for free and experience a distraction-free life, improving your productivity and boosting your focus!

Get Premium
Add to Chrome

We Use Cookies for various purposes including analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy

OK, GOT IT
Take control of your time. Block distracting apps and sites. Make productivity your priority
Why BlockSite?
Productivity
Stay Focused
Time Management
Reviews
For Students
Connect
Blog
Become an affiliate
Our Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy Extension
Privacy Policy Website and App
Support
Help Center
Contact Us

Smarter browsing starts here
Subscribe for focus tips, app news, and exclusive discounts.

© All rights reserved for BlockSite 2025

Available On