Blockchain.com | Be early to the future of finance Wallet Exchange Explorer Pay Institutional Products Wallet Exchange Explorer Pay Earn Learn Prices Charts NFT Institutional Bitcoin Treasury Resources APIs Status Open Source Research Legal & Privacy Support Blog Security Podcast Company About Careers Press Center Ventures Log In Sign Up Open Menu Open Menu Be early to the future of finance Buy Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other leading cryptocurrencies on a platform trusted by millions. Your email address Sign Up Wallet The only crypto wallet you'll ever need Buy, sell, and swap with ease Use a card or bank account to buy BTC, ETH, stablecoins, and other assets. Earn rewards on your crypto Get up to 10% in annual rewards by putting your crypto to work. Be Your Own Bank® with self-custody Sleep better at night knowing only you can access your funds. Connect to DeFi Use dapps, collect NFTs, and unlock the power of web3. Connect to DeFi Use dapps, collect NFTs, and unlock the power of web3. Buy, sell, and swap with ease Use a card or bank account to buy BTC, ETH, stablecoins, and other assets. Earn rewards on your crypto Get up to 10% in annual rewards by putting your crypto to work. Be Your Own Bank® with self-custody Sleep better at night knowing only you can access your funds. Connect to DeFi Use dapps, collect NFTs, and unlock the power of web3. Buy, sell, and swap with ease Use a card or bank account to buy BTC, ETH, stablecoins, and other assets. Earn rewards on your crypto Get up to 10% in annual rewards by putting your crypto to work. Be Your Own Bank® with self-custody Sleep better at night knowing only you can access your funds. Connect to DeFi Use dapps, collect NFTs, and unlock the power of web3. Get started Institutional High-touch crypto solutions for institutions Spot OTC, derivatives, structured products, and margin lending. Become a client Explore Blockchain data is in our DNA Explore the top blockchains Confirm transactions, analyze the market, or simply learn more about crypto. Powerful Blockchain Data API We’ve powered exchanges, data analysts, enthusiasts, and more. Industry leading charts From hashrate, to block details, to mining information, and more. Real-time crypto prices Get the latest prices and charts along with key market signals. Real-time crypto prices Get the latest prices and charts along with key market signals. Explore the top blockchains Confirm transactions, analyze the market, or simply learn more about crypto. Powerful Blockchain Data API We’ve powered exchanges, data analysts, enthusiasts, and more. Industry leading charts From hashrate, to block details, to mining information, and more. Real-time crypto prices Get the latest prices and charts along with key market signals. Explore the top blockchains Confirm transactions, analyze the market, or simply learn more about crypto. Powerful Blockchain Data API We’ve powered exchanges, data analysts, enthusiasts, and more. Industry leading charts From hashrate, to block details, to mining information, and more. Real-time crypto prices Get the latest prices and charts along with key market signals. Explore now Let us take you from zero to crypto Get started Scan to Download English Español Português Русский Blockchain.com Products Wallet Explorer Institutional Earn Pay Resources APIs Blog Podcast Bitcoin Price Ethereum Price Solana Price Company About Careers Hiring Ventures Support Legal & Privacy EU Regulatory Documents MiCA White-Paper Complaints Handling Learn What is Bitcoin? What is a crypto wallet? What is a DEX? What assets do we support? Learning Portal Buying Guides Buy BTC Buy ETH Buy SOL Buy ZETA Buy XRP Products Wallet Exchange Explorer Institutional Earn Pay Resources APIs Blog Podcast Bitcoin Price Ethereum Price Solana Price Company About Careers Hiring Ventures Support Legal & Privacy EU Regulatory Documents MiCA White-Paper Complaints Handling Learn What is Bitcoin? What is a crypto wallet? What is a DEX? What assets do we support? Learning Portal Buying Guides Buy BTC Buy ETH Buy SOL Buy ZETA Buy XRP English Español Português Русский Blockchain.com