Products
Pricing
Company
Blog
Docs
Login
Sign Up

 Beware: BlockCypher's name is currently used by scammers on Telegram.

Blockchain
Web Services.

The infrastructure fabric for blockchain applications.

Learn More Pricing
Trusted

From startups to large enterprise, thousands of businesses trust BlockCypher to integrate blockchain into their applications.

Supercharged APIs

Our state-of-the-art, fast and powerful global infrastructure will take your apps to the next level.

Track Record

Since 2014, we are providing world-class APIs. And we are not going anywhere. So you can write your app worry-free.

$ curl https://a
|
DESIGNED FOR DEVELOPERS
Build Your Decentralized Application

Leverage the power of BlockCypher APIs to develop your application.

From Prototype to Production

Build blockchain applications easily with our web APIs and callbacks. High throughputs, linear scaling and low-latency.

REST APIs

Simple and easy web APIs (REST) enable developers to build blockchain applications quickly and confidently.

WHY BLOCKCYPHER
A Powerful Infrastructure at Your Fingertips

Looks easy huh? Under the hood, BlockCypher APIs feature state-of-art engineering. And, if you are struggling, we are always here to help.

Multiple Data Centers

Our architecture allows us to run in multiple data centers for redundancy and low-latency.

Robust Data Stores

We maintain a cluster of distributed databases which contain all transactional data for the entire blockchain.

Full Blockchain Nodes

We host full-node blockchains for optimal security in validating and relaying transactions.

24/7 Support

Our focus is to make our customers successful as they build their next-generation blockchain applications.

BY THE NUMBERS
Build your App Now.

Thousands of users trust BlockCypher everyday to power their Blockchain applications.

0k+

Users

00.0%

Uptime

0M+

Peak Requests

Ready to get started?

Create an account, get a free api token, look up our docs and build your dream blockchain app.

Learn More Pricing

Blockchain Web Services.

  
PRODUCTS
APIS
Explorer
DOCUMENTATION
Getting Started
Bitcoin API
Ethereum API
COMPANY
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Services
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Status