Nonprofit Software for Fundraising, CRM & Volunteers | Bloomerang Skip to content Platform Giving Platform Platform Overview Free your team to focus on the mission for greater impact. Integrations Connect the tools you use & unite your data for deeper insight. Support & Services Get hands-on help from experts with nonprofit experience. Products Bloomerang Fundraising Raise more each year—by doing what you do best. Bloomerang CRM Engage and retain more donors by making stronger connections. Bloomerang Volunteer Recruit more supporters with a simpler volunteer experience. Features Marketing & Engagement Donation Forms Reporting & Analytics Event Management Text Fundraising Auctions Data Management Major Gifts Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Grant Management Membership Management Mobile App A Nonprofit’s Guide to Understanding and Getting Started with AI Download now Why Bloomerang Why Choose Bloomerang Customer Impact Discover how Bloomerang helps thousands of nonprofits drive measurable results. Success Stories Read inspiring accounts of customers elevating their impact with Bloomerang. Compare Bloomerang Compare Bloomerang to the competition and discover our difference. Achieve 47% revenue growth with Bloomerang! Inspire more donations by offering donors convenient and efficient ways to give. Meet with a Specialist Pricing Resources Learn & Connect Articles Webinars & Events API Documentation Guides & Templates Partner Directory Tools Donor Retention Calculator Watch how donor loyalty transforms into limitless generosity. ROI Calculator Reveal the numbers behind your fundraising potential. Fundraising Thermometer Motivate donors with a visual representation of campaign progress Comms Audit Tool A free tool to improve written donor communications Attend GiveCon 2026 Join us for four days of nonprofit education and fun! Save your spot Ask an Expert Our Ask An Expert series features real fundraising questions Explore the series Open accessibility menu Search for: Log In Bloomerang Fundraising Bloomerang CRM Bloomerang Volunteer Book a Demo You’re going to need a bigger goal. Fundraising and nonprofit software built for purpose. Book a demo Tour the Giving Platform Partnering to push purpose higher. Why Bloomerang Nonprofit software that puts more within reach. Take a Tour Engage more Real connections, real impact. Uncover what keeps your supporters committed, strengthen relationships, and inspire giving. 0 X First-time donor retention Reach more New donors, wherever + however they give. Bloomerang keeps you ahead of giving trends. Diversify your supporter base with fundraising efforts that keep connecting. 0 % YoY growth Raise more By doing what you do best. Data-driven insights supercharge the fundraising strategies you rely on. Unlock more generosity—without doing more. 0 % Gift size increase All together now. Connect fundraising, donor management (CRM), and volunteer engagement with the Bloomerang Giving Platform for a clearer picture of your supporters and impact. Book a Demo Giving Platform Purpose, meet impact. Fundraising tools, nonprofit CRM, and volunteer management that work together to power your passion and your progress. Made by fundraisers, for fundraisers. We know nonprofits, so we built a giving platform and support team to uplift what you do best—inspire generosity. Connecting your data so you can connect with supporters. Get a 360-degree understanding of donors, prospects, and volunteers. Meet them where they are and raise more for your cause. Helping nonprofits raise the bar on impact. You deserve better than "good enough." Get the fundraising tools you need to raise more and take your impact to the next level. Tour the Giving Platform Products Everything you need for next-level impact. Bloomerang Fundraising Raise more. Create the ideal giving experience with integrated fundraising tools and automated insights that maximize your impact. Learn about Fundraising Bloomerang CRM Engage more. Keep donors close to the cause with mean-ingful outreach at the right time. Increase retention, major gifts, and all-around impact. Learn About CRM Bloomerang Volunteer Recruit more. Turn supporters into action-takers with tools that make it easy to recruit, organize, and engage volunteers at every level. Learn About Volunteer Nonprofit Success Fundraising wins, told firsthand. Nonprofit Success Fundraising wins, told firsthand. "Bloomerang has allowed us to bring everything together—donors, volunteers, and fundraising—into one unified platform. Having a single place where we can see the full picture of engagement helps us streamline our process, strengthen relationships, and better steward our supporters." Cliff Sweazey Executive Director Hope Healthcare Services Nonprofit Success Fundraising wins, told firsthand. “With Bloomerang, we’ve shifted from maintenance into growth mode—coordinating campaigns, data mining, retaining donors, and creating a sustainable path forward for our mission.” Alyssa Starr Newerth Director of Community Impact FACE Low-Cost Animal Clinic Nonprofit Success Fundraising wins, told firsthand. "With Bloomerang, our annual fund is outperforming for the first time in years. Targeted outreach and smarter segmentation are helping us raise more, even outside of major campaign periods.” Julie Angulo Director of Advancement Scholar Match Previous Slide Next Slide Our Commitment Generosity is within reach. Raise, retain, and engage more, with Bloomerang. Get a demo Awards Ready to get started? Book a Demo Want to see the product in action? Take a Product Tour Platform Platform Overview Fundraising Nonprofit CRM Volunteer Mobile App Integrations Pricing Compare Us vs Virtuous vs DonorPerfect vs Neon One vs Bonterra vs Blackbaud Resources Success Stories Articles Webinars & Events Guides & Templates Partner Directory Customer Resources Support Portal System Status API Documentation Changelog Refer a Friend Company About Us Careers Leadership In the News Contact Partner with Us Featured Articles Nonprofit CRM Software Solutions The Essential Guide to Writing a Fundraising Plan Nonprofit Strategic Planning Like us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Follow our Youtube channel Security Policy / Terms of Service / Privacy Policy / Openness / GDPR / © 2025 Bloomerang. All rights reserved.