Bloxlink Bloxlink Features Commands Pricing Support Features Commands Pricing Support Bloxlink Bringing Roblox to Discord Connect Roblox to Discord using Bloxlink, the leading Roblox Discord Bot. Verify who you really are, sync your group to your server, and more. Get Verified Now By continuing, you agree to our terms of service and privacy policy. Top rated Roblox bot by thousands of users No complex setup or documentation needed Bloxlink appeals to the average user and the advanced user. Setup Bloxlink how you want to, enable new features with the click of a button, seamlessly. Simple Verification With the ability to verify through our Roblox game or by a code on your profile, our verification system is very easy to use for new users! Binds Connect almost anything on Roblox to a Discord role! Gamepasses, badges, group ranks, and any other asset, it can be done with Bloxlink. Roblox-based Server Restrictions Only want group members in your server? We've got you covered. Lock your server with age-limits and group-only with Roblox restrictions. Group Utility Commands Bloxlink provides a variety of group features that all types of groups can use to customize their server to their specific style. User Utility Commands Ever wanted to know who that John Doe is that joined your server? Use Bloxlink to find out their username and other information! Community Bloxlink has a huge community backing it, and they help shape new features for Bloxlink everyday. Join them and become a community member! Tutorials We know sometimes things can get a bit confusing, we have a full team dedicated to making the best tutorials so you can setup Bloxlink how you want it. THE METRICS We're the most trusted Roblox bot for Discord Bloxlink has been around for over six years. Our track record of delivering successful products speaks for itself. Join our large community of players and developers and take a step towards innovating Roblox for the future. 1M+ Discord Servers use Bloxlink to verify their members and sync their group. 88M+ Players around the globe use Bloxlink. 99% Uptime record provides our users with un-interrupted usage and updates. 30+ Available bot commands so you can bring all of Roblox to your server. BLOXLINK Add Bloxlink to your server List of commands SOLUTIONS Verify your members Bind items to Discord roles Roblox-based server locks and more... RESOURCES Get support Developer Portal LEGAL Terms of Service Privacy Policy Purchase Policy Refund Policy Acceptable Usage Policy Legal Contact SOCIALS Roblox Discord Twitter GitHub What are you waiting for? Get started using Bloxlink today and join millions of other users in bringing Roblox to Discord. Get verified © 2025 BloxWorks, LLC. All rights reserved.