Trade Ads Value List Rate Trade Ads Value List Calculator Community Search Giveaways Login Login Blox Fruits Values The ultimate hub for Blox Fruits trading. Discover real-time values, create trade ads, and connect with our trusted community. Start Trading Values Powered by Cosmic Values Trade Ads Post your offers Calculator Smart trade analysis The Official Blox Fruits Trading Website: Advertise your items, discover official values, connect with Middlemen, Rate traders, and chat with fellow Blox Fruits traders. Frequently Asked Questions Essential information about Blox Fruits trading What is the difference between price and value? Click to expand answer What’s the difference between perm values and physical values? Click to expand answer What does “Trend” mean? Click to expand answer How does demand affect value and trading? Click to expand answer Why do some fruits have the same value but different demands? Click to expand answer I can’t find a certain item on the website. What should I do? Click to expand answer How do I report a bug? Click to expand answer How do I get on the donation leaderboard? Click to expand answer Decorative gradient overlays that add depth and atmosphere to the page background Cosmic Values © 2026 Cosmic Values . All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners. https://bloxfruitsvalues.com is a 3rd party website that is not affiliated or partnered with Blox Fruits . We are not endorsed by their respective owners. Pages Home Trade Values Top Donators Socials Discord X YouTube Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Support Discord Bot FAQ Our games Cosmic Values Blox Fruits Switch Game Cosmic Values Features Everything you need for successful Blox Fruits trading Real-Time Values Live market data updated daily by our expert team Explore Trade Ads Post and browse trades with our active community Explore Smart Calculator Analyze trades with precision and confidence Explore Safe Trading Trusted platform with verified community members Explore Giveaways Participate in exciting community giveaways Explore Safe Messaging Safe monitored messages to other users Explore Live Trading Chat Message other users in real-time Rixin Online Clore Hey, would you be interested in this trade? Offering Requesting Rixin Hmm, that looks like a good trade! I've been looking for a Kitsune . Clore Awesome! Let's do it then. Rixin Great, join me in the game! Join the conversation Blox Fruits Value List & Trading Platform | Bloxfruits