BLR – Content-powered tech that safeguards and sustains HR and EHS teams Solutions Solutions EHS Management EHS Management Overview Audits and Inspections Behavior-Based Observations Corrective Action Preventive Action EHS Hero product trial EHS Hotline HazCom and SDS Management Incident Reporting and Investigation Job Hazard Analysis Permit Management Process Safety Management Regulatory Analysis Chart Builder View all Employee Training Anti-Harassment and Inclusion Business and Professional Skills Environmental Compliance HR Compliance IT Software and Security Leadership and Management Mental Health and Wellness Workplace Safety Sales and Service HR Solutions Actionable News Employee Handbook Builder Federal and State Topic Analysis HR Documents and Downloads HR Hero product trial HR Hotline HR Laws Job Classification & FLSA Audit Job Description Manager Salary Finder View all Industries Healthcare Chemical Construction Energy and Utilities Government / Municipalities Manufacturing Mining and Metals Pharmaceutical Retail Learning Management System LMS Admin as a Service Legal View all Solutions Company Company About News Awards Experts Customer Stories Referral Program Contact Us Resources Resources Blog Case Studies Guides and Whitepapers Webinars Explore All Content Channel Partners Channel Partners Insurance Providers Payroll and HR Technology Professional Employer Organization Safety and Risk Management Firms HR and EHS Consultants Associations View all Store Search SEARCH Sign In Sign In EHS EHS Hero Suite EHS Hero Management Tool Plan Builder HR HR Hero Suite Employee Handbook Builder Job Description Manager State Law Chart Builder FLSA Audit Tool HR Laws Training TrainingToday Silver TrainingToday Gold Partner Partner Solutions Center Request a Demo The trusted compliance and training partner of HR and EHS teams Comply with confidence—regulatory expertise, time-saving templates, engaging training, and intuitive software from a single provider. Book a demo Our compliance solutions BLR provides full-stack HR and EHS compliance support: expertise, research and management tools, and 800+ expert-verified training courses. Our solutions work together to help organizations stay compliant, reduce risk, and protect their business. EHS compliance and safety management tools HR compliance and workflow tools Employee training courses and technology Leverage EHS expert-verified insights and compliance tools that streamline reporting, audits, and incident tracking. BLR helps EHS leaders reduce risk, stay ahead of OSHA and EPA regulations, and keep workplaces safe and compliant. Looking to partner with BLR? Access attorney-verified analysis and market data to help HR leaders manage risk and navigate complex employment laws. From managing multi-state handbooks to benchmarking salaries, BLR ensures confidence in every HR decision. Looking to partner with BLR? Streamline compliance training with 800+ expert-crafted courses for reducing risk and boosting employee performance, with the support of cutting-edge learning technology and audit-ready reporting. Looking to partner with BLR? Your partner in safeguarding and sustaining your business Why BLR? Six reasons that make BLR the most trusted name in HR and EHS compliance. Full-stack HR and EHS compliance solutions One trusted provider to support your HR and safety research, training, and workflows. The industry’s most experienced compliance experts An in-house team of attorneys and editors with decades of practical experience in distilling complex issues. AI speed + expert validation Fast insights powered by the latest technology, verified by human experts for legal accuracy. Extensive compliance training library 800+ expert-verified training courses, adaptable to your needs. Strategic partnerships to help businesses scale Custom-labeled compliance solutions for PEOs, HCMs, insurance providers, consultants, and associations. Fast, reliable service  and support. BLR’s account managers, support staff, and compliance experts work together to deliver fast, reliable answers that keep your business on track. What our customers are saying See how HR and EHS leaders across industries rely on BLR’s expert-verified compliance solutions to reduce risk and protect their businesses. Request a demo “It’s a very positive experience. My account manager takes the time to listen to things that concern me, and the tools are very relevant to the services that I provide to my target clients.” Darryl T. | President and Founder Convergence HRM “EHS Hero, Simply the BEST. EHS Hero keeps my company updated on upcoming Regulatory issues along with providing a heads up of potential changes by State and Federal agencies.” Terry Y. | Vice President of EHS Engineering “I love the services and find HR Hero quite beneficial to have when operating in multiple states.” Heather G. | Senior HR Generalist Safe Auto Insurance Company “I moved from my previous vendor to BLR’s HR Hero because my needs had evolved. We didn’t just need outsourced forms, templates, and transactional HR support—we needed a single solution that also provided the education to better advise our clients.” Philip Carrillo | Director of HR Services Crescent’s Empact HR BLR content resources BLR’s resource center brings you expert insights, webinars, product demos, and case studies to help you navigate compliance and purchasing decisions. Visit our resource center Webinars HR compliance update: Navigating today’s employment law changes Blogs Preparing for 2026: Compliance with leave discrimination and wage and hour laws Blogs Darth Vader’s voice draws attention to AI’s impact on collective bargaining Blogs 2026 EHS reporting season: what is on the horizon? Blogs Q&A: Employer student loan repayment rules for 2025–2026 Awards Our industry recognition is driven by the success of clients like you—achieving safer workplaces, stronger compliance, and measurable ROI. 2025 Environment + Energy Leader | Top Product – Software and Cloud HR Hero wins 2025 HR Tech Award for Best Mid-Sized Business Focused Solution TrainingToday added to Training Industry 2025 Online Learning Library Watch List TrainingToday has been honored with two Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards in 2025 2024 HR Tech Awards | Best Innovative or Emerging Tech Solution – Core HR/Workforce Environment + Energy Leader | Top Product – Software and Cloud Brandon Hall Group Awards | Best Compliance Training G2 | EHS Software Leader Capterra | Shortlist 2023 International SaaS Awards | Best SaaS Product for HR International SaaS Awards | Best SaaS Product for Health & Safety or Risk Management Training Industry | Online Learning Library Watch List G2 | EHS Software Leader 2022 Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards | Best Advance in Learning Management Technology for Compliance Training Training Industries | Top Online Learning Library Companies Partner with us BLR is the most trusted compliance partner for professional associations, insurance providers, HR and safety consultants, HR technologies, and PEOs. When you partner with us, you gain access to attorney-verified HR and EHS solutions, an 800+ course compliance training library, and the responsive support that makes BLR the easiest way to add value to your end-users. Our partnerships go beyond software. We deliver flexible, custom-labeled solutions, backed by our in-house attorneys, compliance analysts, and marketing and technical support teams — helping you strengthen client trust, differentiate your offering, and grow revenue with confidence. Learn more about partnering with BLR Request demo Contact 101 Creekside Crossing Suite 1700-375 Brentwood, TN 37027 800-727-5257 Tech Support E: techsupport@blr.com P: 800-727-5257 x1519 Customer Care E: service@blr.com P: 800-727-5257 Fax: 800-785-9212 Contact Us About Us Careers Store Support Our Solutions EHS Management Employee Training HR Solutions Learning Management System Custom Learning Legal YouTube LinkedIn Twitter Facebook © 2025 BLR®, A division of Simplify Compliance LLC All Rights Reserved Terms Legal Privacy Data Compliance