Podcast Hosting 
Podcast Statistics
Podcast Growth 
Getting Started 
Connect 
Plans & Pricing
Log In
Sign Up
PODCAST PLATFORM

Publish, Analyze, Grow...Connect.

Blubrry’s podcast hosting makes publishing, growing and monetizing your show easy. From planning to promoting, our all-in-one solution offers all the tools and support you need to succeed in the dynamic world of podcasting.
START YOUR FREE TRIAL
Podcast Services
PODCAST HOSTING
PODCAST STATISTICS
PODCAST GROWTH

Blubrry is a full-service podcast host, from the individual podcaster to corporations and networks.

HOSTING PLANS & FEATURES
Blubrry Publisher & PowerPress

Publish and manage your podcast from our platform or entirely from WordPress using our plugin.

Podcast AI

Utilize Blubrry’s Podcast AI assistant for podcast planning, production and promotion in the Blubrry dashboard.

Podcast Website

A podcast website allows your audiences to easily find you, and supports marketing opportunities and promotes brand recognition.

Private Hosting

A secure means to disseminate your episodes, whether for bonus content, training, early access for your best fans, and much more.

Pro Hosting

A top-tier plan for those who have multiple shows, require additional storage, want to convert their video channels to podcasts, or are building a network.

Premium Podcasting

Allows podcasters to create premium, bonus, ad-free content for their most dedicated fans and listeners. Also includes Apple Podcast Subscriptions.

Our Thrive Bundle and add-ons include numerous features such as media mastering by Auphonic and closed captions.

Over 20 Years of Podcast Innovation

I’ve been using Blubrry for a decade now for my podcast, and they’ve always been amazingly helpful with anything question or problems that I’ve ever had. Also, they keep adding features and making everyhiting better and better. They’re great!”

Natty Bumpercar

Pre-sales support designed to help you, not sell you. Quick and compassionate tech support. And seeing the founder in podcasting forums online and att events, I know that Blubrry is there advocating for podcasters.”

The Greylock Glass

I’ve been using Blubrry for a decade now for my podcast, and they’ve always been amazingly helpful with anything question or problems that I’ve ever had. Also, they keep adding features and making everyhiting better and better. They’re great!”

Natty Bumpercar

Pre-sales support designed to help you, not sell you. Quick and compassionate tech support. And seeing the founder in podcasting forums online and att events, I know that Blubrry is there advocating for podcasters.”

The Greylock Glass

I’ve been using Blubrry for a decade now for my podcast, and they’ve always been amazingly helpful with anything question or problems that I’ve ever had. Also, they keep adding features and making everyhiting better and better. They’re great!”

Natty Bumpercar

Pre-sales support designed to help you, not sell you. Quick and compassionate tech support. And seeing the founder in podcasting forums online and att events, I know that Blubrry is there advocating for podcasters.”

The Greylock Glass

Blubrry Blog & Podcast

DECEMBER 23, 2025

HOLIDAYS

Blubrry 2025: A Year of Growth, Community, and Rememberance

2025 has been a year unlike any other for Blubrry. It was filled with milestones, connections, creativity, and — with heartbreaking loss — reflection on… View

DECEMBER 22, 2025

EPISODE

Experimenting With Your Show Format Without Losing Listeners - PCI 465

Change can be scary — especially when your podcast format is “working well enough.” But doing the exact same thing every week can lead to… View

MONTHLY

POTM

Makeshift Stories

Check out this month's Podcaster of the Month! View

MONTHLY

NEWSLETTER

Sign Up for Our Newsletter

Keep on top of the latest advancements, trends and news at Blubrry. Sign up for our newsletter now.

GET MORE
Our Awesome Partners

Headliner

Descript

Auphonic

How to Start a Podcast
See our complete guide on how anyone can start a podcast.
GETTING STARTED FOR BEGINNERS
MIGRATING YOUR PODCAST TO BLUBRRY
STARTING A PODCAST AS A BUSINESS
MONETIZE YOUR PODCAST FROM DAY 1
LET THE BLUBRRY CONCIERGE TEAM SET UP YOUR PODCAST
START YOUR FREE TRIAL
Podcast Support
Reach the Blubrry support team seven days a week via email or phone.
CONTACT SUPPORT
Contact Us

Reach us about any question with our contact form.

Support

Submit a technical support ticket.

Phone

1-877-729-8642 M-F 9-5 EST

Documentation

Full-service documentation.

START PODCASTING
MIGRATE SHOW
    
Resources
Terms
Privacy
Contact
Support
Documentation
Services
Podcast Hosting
Podcast Statistics
PowerPress Plugin
Podcast Manual
Directory
Company
About
Careers
Partners
Affiliate Program
Podcast Insider

© 2025 Blubrry Podcasting