Spread Joy with Free Ecards & Greeting Cards | Blue Mountain Processing... Skip to navigation Skip to content Calendar ACCOUNT Already a member? Sign In Start Free Trial close sign
                                                        in dialog Sign In Email Address Password Show password Forgot your
                                                                    password? Remember me when I return OR Sign in with Apple Not a Member? Start Free Trial Learn more about member benefits SITE SECTIONS New Years Birthday show Birthday Birthday for Everyone Birthday for Friends Birthday for Daughter Birthday for Son Birthday for Kids Birthday for Her Birthday for Him Belated Birthday Birthday SmashUps™ Birthday Creatacards™ Celebrity SmashUps™ Holiday Birthday Funny Birthday Heartfelt Birthday Interactive Birthday Religious Birthday Singing Birthday Spanish Birthday View all Birthday Birthday Cards for Family Occasions show Occasions Anniversary Baby Bar & Bat Mitzvah Birthday Congratulations Encouragement Friendship Get Well Good Luck Graduation Just Because Love & Dating Miss You New Home New Job Retirement Sympathy Thank You Thinking of You Wedding & Engagement View all Occasions Thank You Cards Holidays show Holidays Season's Greetings New Year's Martin Luther King Jr. Day Valentine's Day St. Patrick's Day Passover Easter Mother's Day Father's Day 4th of July Halloween Thanksgiving View all Holidays New Years Cards Digital Gifts show Digital Gifts Digital Gift Cards Songfinch Custom Songs Digital Gift Cards App Search form Type your search text here Search close free membership dialog Welcome to blue mountain! Your free account Thank you for creating your free account. With this account, you have access to a limited amount of digital greetings for top occassions. If you would like to access premium offerings like SmashUps™ and Creatacard™, become a member today. Browse Free Ecards OR Become a Member Free Member Unlimited Access New Content SmashUps™ Schedule Ecards Start free trial navigation menu Sign In Start Free Trial Member Benefits New Years Birthday Birthday for Friends Birthday for Daughter Birthday for Son Birthday for Kids Birthday for Her Birthday for Him Belated Birthday Birthday SmashUps™ Funny Birthday Summer Birthday Heartfelt Birthday Singing Birthday Spanish Birthday View all Birthday SmashUps™ Birthday SmashUps™ Celebrity SmashUps™ Original SmashUps™ Selfie SmashUps™ Talking SmashUps™ Type Any Name Occasions Anniversary Baby Bar & Bat Mitzvah Birthday Congratulations Encouragement Friendship Get Well Good Luck Graduation Just Because Love & Dating Miss You New Home New Job Retirement Sympathy Thank You Wedding & Engagement View all Occasions Holidays New Year's Martin Luther King Jr. Day Valentine's Day St. Patrick's Day Passover Easter View all Holidays Gift Cards App Blue Mountain Ecard App Reminders close free membership dialog Welcome to blue mountain! Your free account Thank you for creating your free account. With this account, you have access to a limited amount of digital greetings for top occassions. If you would like to access premium offerings like SmashUps™ and Creatacard™, become a member today. Browse Free Ecards OR Become a Member Free Member Unlimited Access New Content SmashUps™ Schedule Ecards Start Free Trial REMINDERS Upcoming Holidays New Year's Day Jan 1 Martin Luther King Day Jan 19 Black History Month Feb 1 Groundhog Day Feb 2 Valentine's Day Feb 14 President's Day Feb 16 Upcoming Birthdays You have no events Join or Sign In to create and view your birthday or anniversary reminders. Start Free Trial Sign In The Gift that Lasts All Year. Joining in January is the perfect way to start your year. Set up your reminders, send your holiday thank yous and start connecting with loved ones in new ways. Start Free Trial carousel Birthday Thank You New Year's Anniversary Friendship Get Well Sympathy Just Because Retirement Congrats Choose the Membership that's right for you. Send free ecards now. Try for $0. Cancel anytime. Taxes may apply. Select a membership standard memberships bundle & save Monthly $6.99 $6.99/month Start free trial 1 year $29.99 $2.50/month MOST POPULAR | Save 64% Start free trial 2 years $39.99 $1.66/month BEST VALUE | Save 76% Start free trial 1 year $44.99 Save 25% Blue Mountain & Jacquie Lawson Membership Bundle. Learn more Bundle Now BLUE MOUNTAIN & JACQUIE LAWSON MEMBERSHIP BUNDLE Close modal Purchase a Blue Mountain Yearly Membership and get a Jacquie Lawson Yearly Membership for 50 off! English Sensibility Started by a small team of family and friends in a rural English village. Bespoke Ecards Add a name, choose the season, caption and even the music. Timeless Style Sophisticated, hand-made, high-quality greetings to send to anyone, any time. WHO is jacquie lawson? Jacquie Lawson has grown into a brand known for its high-quality, interactive digital greeting cards. Their work blends traditional charm with a modern, cottagecore aesthetic, evoking a sense of warmth and nostalgia while offering a comforting and timeless style that appeals to those who appreciate both classic elegance and cozy, nature-inspired visuals. Wondering if a Blue Mountain membership is worth it? Here's why our members love us: Members send an average of 20 cards per year — a $15 saving in postage! Over 3 million birthday wishes were sent last year — and over a million thank you's! Most stay an average of 4 years but we have members who've been with us since 1996! Start Free Trial Top Ecard Categories to Explore Birthday Cards Celebrity SmashUps Thank You Cards Dolly Parton Birthday Time Song (Personalize Lyrics) New Foil Your New Era Birthday New Winter Birthday Wishes Ecard 'It's Your Thing' Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Foil Your Day to Shine 'Jungle Boogie' Birthday Smashup (Personalize) Meghan Trainor All About that Cake Birthday Smashup Prairie Dog Birthday Song (Personalize Lyrics) Whoomp! (There It Is) Birthday SmashUp Animated Happy Happy Birthday 'I'm Into Something Good' Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Sparkling Wishes Ecard Rob Lowe Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Kevin Bacon Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Weird Al Yankovic Birthday SmashUp Martin Short Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Lainey Wilson 'Smell Like Smoke' Birthday SmashUp Ice T Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Idina Menzel Birthday SmashUp (Personalize) Dolly Parton Birthday Time Song (Personalize Lyrics) Donny Osmond Birthday Song (Personalize Lyrics) Meghan Trainor All About that Cake Birthday Smashup Alicia Keys Your Day Song (Personalize Lyrics) Sesame Street Birthday (Personalize) Thanks for Going Above and Beyond! Foil Sending Thanks A Simple Thank You Holiday Thank You Poem You Are the Best! Thanks to You! New Animated Golden Thank You You Brightened the Holidays Thanks And Warm Wishes Thank You, Thank You, Thank You! You Are Special Thanks and Wishes What Our Members Are Saying carousel With having my grandkids spread out all over the state, ecards make it easy to let them know their grandma is thinking of them. We spend our summers in Canada, away from US friends & family, and this Blue Mountain card solution has been such a godsend and a hit to all I send to. All my children and grandchildren are long distance. This makes sending them happy wishes, no matter what the occasion..... so enjoyable. They love getting them and I love sending them. We love to travel and find it difficult to send timely greetings to family for special events. Blue Mountain allows us the ability to be timely and let our loved ones know we are thinking of them on their Special Days. A great value and way better than having to stand in the store picking out a boring, expensive paper card! I have been a Blue Moutain card subscriber for many years now, and I love it! There are cards to send to everyone. You can email them or text them, and they are always coming up with new and improved ones. I have been sending ecards for years now. So many cards to choose from for the many occasions and personalities. You can schedule cards in advance and even send gift cards along with the thoughtful custom card. I have been a member of Blue Mountain for years and it always comes to the rescue when I have forgotten to send a regular card or there isn't time. I LOVE the SmashUps™ and have gotten rave reviews from my friends when they see and hear their names. Join the Fun & Send Free Ecards Now! Not every day is a special occasion, but every day there are reasons to celebrate and send ecards. Online cards keep you connected to your loved ones. Non-members can get started with a free trial membership to start sending free ecards today. Addressing Your Questions 📬 Why is a Blue Mountain membership worth it to me? Are you sending multiple birthday cards a year to family and friends + sharing greetings during holidays throughout the year? Skip the stamps, skip the hassle and have access to your own greeting card aisle from the comfort of home or on the go. You'll save money and time having access to hundreds of greetings for birthdays, anniversaries, graduations, holidays, thank you notes and more. All of our electronic cards can be personalized with your own photo and message. Better yet, add a gift card or custom song to make the gift even more special! With Blue Mountain, you can deliver your ecards your way. Choose to print your card or send via text, email, or a shareable link for social media. With email, you can even schedule your digital cards in advance. You are also able to save your recipient's birthdays and anniversaries in your calendar and set up reminders so that you'll never forget an occasion again. You can also view previously sent ecards so you don't send the same card twice. It's the easiest way to stay on top of every occasion — and actually love it. What digital gifts can I add to my ecards? There are two current gift options to send with your cards. 1. You can attach a digital gift card from one of their favorite retailers. Attach and send instantly or schedule it to be delivered on the day of the occasion. Choose your gift card and the dollar amount. Recipients can access via their phone or internet to enjoy their digital gift card! Not ready to commit to a membership? You can also send a gift card with a free virtual greeting card — no subscription required. It's fast and easy for non-members! 2. You can also send your ecards with a personalized song that's created in seconds using only a few prompts about your recipient! For just $6.99, their personalized song will play when the card is opened and can be downloaded to be cherished forever. How much does a Blue Mountain membership cost? Monthly memberships cost $6.99, yearly memberships cost $29.99 and 2 Year memberships cost $39.99. All memberships include access to hundreds of digital greeting cards for every occasion and the ability to print paper cards at home. We also offer a 1-year bundle option at a discounted rate for both Blue Mountain and Jacquie Lawson subscriptions. This membership is $44.99 for a yearly membership to both sites. All memberships, excluding bundles, include a free trial, access to hundreds of digital greeting cards for every occasion and the ability to print paper cards at home. Start a trial membership today to start sharing free ecards. What is the Blue Mountain and Jacquie Lawson Bundle? For just $44.99 a year, you can bundle a Blue Mountain and Jacquie Lawson ecard subscription and unlock double the content with voices that fit every recipient in your life. With Blue Mountain, share bold and fun animated greetings including funny animals , celebrities and digital greeting cards . With Jacquie Lawson, share handmade ecards that feature English-sensibility and original, classic scores. Between kids, neighbors, coworkers, grandparents and more, this bundle membership has you covered. How do I join Blue Mountain to share digital cards? Thank you for your interest in joining BlueMountain.com! In order to get access to this card + all of our content, you will need to sign up for a membership. To become a member, please follow the steps below. New Members: 1. Click on the “Start Free Trial” link. 2. Enter your email address and click on "Continue." 3. Please enter your account information. Also, ensure the membership selection is correct and enter your payment information. 4. After reviewing your information, click on “Start Membership” and you are all set to begin sending ecards! Returning Customer: 1. Click on the “Join Today” link. 2. Click on the "Sign In" button below the "New Customers" section. Enter your email address and password and click the sign-in button. 3. Select from our monthly, 1-year, 2-year or bundle membership terms. 4. Enter the required personal and payment information. 5. Please ensure the membership selection is correct. 6. Review our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy and understand that your membership will renew automatically in accordance with our auto-renewal program. 7. Click on “Start Membership” and you are all set to begin using your new membership. Please note: if you are already a member, click on “Sign In” located at the top right-hand corner. (opens a new tab) (opens a new tab) (opens a new tab) Birthday Cards Thank You Cards Holiday Cards Celebrity Smashups™ Creatacards™ Member Benefits Digital Gifts App Pick Up Ecard Order Status My Account Personal Information Contacts & Reminders Feedback opens in a new window FAQs Contact Us Terms of Service Email Protection Accessibility Policies California Residents - Privacy Notice Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Sign up and stay in the loop! First Name Last Name Email Please enter a valid email address. By clicking "submit", you agree to receive emails from BlueMountain.com and accept our terms of service, privacy and cookies policies . Your email address has been successfully added. There was an error adding you to the newsletter. Please try again later. BlueMountain.com is a service of AGInteractive. © 1996-2025 BMA Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved.