Geofencing Platform for Apps - Bluedot Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy When you visit or log in to our website, cookies and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with other personal information they or others have about you, including by association with your email or home address. We (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email or home addresses. You may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting https://app.retention.com/optout OK, I understand Industries QSR Retail Transportation Grocery Gas & Convenience Solutions Drive Thru Curbside Pickup Smarter Messaging Tolling CRM & Loyalty Gamification How It Works Product Overview Customer Arrival Toolkit Integrations Partners & Agencies Company About Careers Contact Press Privacy Declaration Rezolve Resources Blog Library Docs Curbside Pickup Explained What Is Geofencing? Sign In Get Started Industries QSR Retail Transportation Grocery Gas & Convenience Solutions Drive Thru Curbside Pickup Smarter Messaging Tolling CRM & Loyalty Gamification How It Works Product Overview Customer Arrival Toolkit Integrations Partners & Agencies Company About Careers Contact Press Privacy Declaration Rezolve Resources Blog Library Docs Curbside Pickup Explained What Is Geofencing? Sign In Get Started Location Based Experiences for Mobile and Web Geofencing SDKs and APIs to power order ahead drive-thru and curbside pick ups, location-based marketing, automated loyalty programs and more. Book A Demo A Geofencing Platform that Drives Results Understanding customer arrival has never been easier. Discover how our geofencing software helps businesses anticipate and engage customers on the go, by improving key customer interactions and making life stress-free. Drive Thru 70% The 2018 QSR Drive-Thru Study Of QSR sales come from the drive-thru Reduce average drive-thru wait times and serve more customers by using location to sequence mobile orders and prioritize kitchen tickets. No check-ins required. Customers simply order, grab, and go. Pick Up Your customers won’t miss waiting. Make mobile order pickup easy for customers – no lines, no waiting, and no stale or spoiled items (for grocery or QSR). Automate check-ins on customer arrival to distinguish between curbside and in-store pick up and serve customers on their terms. Smarter Messaging 46 Business of Apps, 2019 Daily number of push notifications the typical US smartphone user receives Get heard in a noisy (app) world. Reach impacted users with critical emergency communications, create frictionless experience with important updates on arrival, or send a timely survey when you have a captive and receptive audience – all powered by accurate location technology . 20x Accuracy No Hardware, Just Endless Possibilities Typical geofencing provides roughly 100-200 meter accuracy suitable only for generic marketing offers that are irrelevant to a customer 3 blocks away. But imagine what’s possible with 20x the accuracy—such as just-in-time orders delivered on customer arrival. LEARN MORE https://bluedot.io/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Bluedot_HomepageAnimationRGB.mp4 QSR Awards Bluedot Applied Tech Winner “We’re excited to present Bluedot with a 2020 Applied Tech Award for its work in making mobile ordering and pickup more of a reality for drive-thru operators.” -Sam Oches, editorial director for QSR Magazine LEARN MORE Where Privacy and Location-Based Experiences Coexist In today’s digital landscape, it’s widely expected that location-based experiences come at the expense of privacy. But what if they could exist together? At Bluedot, we believe it’s possible to deliver high-value, location-based experiences to the end-user while still limiting identifiability. After all, privacy is about people and respecting the power of the places they visit. Bluedot’s geofencing software is designed with both privacy and location-based experiences in mind providing brands with actionable, first-party location data segmented per app install. We never sell location data. Bluedot is GDPR compliant . Learn more about the nine privacy principles that distinguish Bluedot in the location industry. [Bluedot] has achieved accuracy of down to five meters, compared with the next closest competitor that only has accuracy down to 100 meters. COMPANY About Careers News Privacy Terms GET STARTED Industries Solutions Product LEARN MORE Library Docs Blog Support SUBSCRIBE Stay fresh with the latest updates and announcements from Bluedot. © 2025 Bluedot