This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Promotional Information
20% off photo books* through December 29, 2025.
|
Code:
25YEAREND
|
Get Started
|
Details
Products
Pricing
Design Tools
Sell & Self-Publish
Bookstore
Resources
Sign Up
Log In
Start Project
20% off photo books*
Dream big for 2026

As the year winds down, it's time to dream up your next project. With your ideas and Blurb's 20 years of bookmaking expertise, the possibilities are endless.

Get started
Three custom books with different front covers showcasing portrait photography, outdoor furniture, and illustrations of waves
Books and other products for every creative expression
Photo Books
From high-end photography albums to keepsake family books, photo books are our most premium format with multiple trim sizes and paper types.
Starting from US $32.00
Get Started
Paperback & Hardcover
Ideal for books that combine art with text or just text alone like portfolios, cookbooks, novels, children’s books and the like
Starting from US $4.99
Get Started
Magazines
Great for a series or one-off custom projects. Impressive newsstand quality and easy distribution.
Starting from US $7.00
Get Started
Notebooks & Journals
Choose from blank, lined, square, or dot-grid notebook pages, plus easily add photos or illustrations within the pages.
From US $14.67
Get Started
Tools and resources for makers, sellers, and businesses
Book creation
Printing
Selling
Business services

Design online or use our free desktop software. We also integrate with several Adobe products.

Explore free tools
The Blurb Difference
Professional bookstore-grade quality

Versatile formats and sizes, luxe papers options, and three unique cover types all printed and shipped in-house.

Trusted printing partner

Backed by 20 years of in-house expertise and full production control, Blurb ensures consistent quality from start to finish. No outsourcing, no compromises.

Sustainable papers & practices

Our photo books are crafted in the US with Forest Stewardship Council-certified papers and printed at the facility nearest you, reducing emissions and supporting sustainable publishing.

Complete creative control

Choose between our free bookmaking software with flexible templates and page layouts or our plugins that work with Adobe programs.

Want 30% off? Sign up and save on your first book.
Email Address

By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Join us
Inspiring examples made with Blurb
Start a project
Branding at its best
Already in its second edition, this author put his 30 years of brand consultancy knowledge into a 6x9-inch paperback under US $3.99
Creator type:
Mid-size business, agency
Scott Lerman, Building Better Brands
Tool:
Blurb plugin for Adobe InDesign
Format:
Paperback
Paper:
Standard Color
A travel treasure
A layflat book was the go-to format for this travel photographer wanting a coffee-table worthy piece that commanded attention.
Creator type:
Photographer, self-published author
Adam C. Stuart, Europe in One-Way Tickets
Tool:
Blurb plugin for Adobe InDesign
Format:
Layflat
Paper:
Premium Lustre
Refueling print
With 32 Blurb-made publications, this artist-publisher used his magazines as a canvas to feature the people and culture that drive his work.
Creator type:
Artist, publisher, entrepreneur
Chris Brown, Refueled Magazine
Tool:
Blurb plugin for Adobe InDesign
Format:
Magazine
Have questions?
Get answers.
What book formats can I create with Blurb?

Blurb offers various book formats for creators, including photo books, trade books, and magazines. Each format provides unique features and is tailored for certain types of content.

• Photo Books: Perfect for fine art books, cookbooks, travel books, family albums, and portfolios, these high-quality books are available in six sizes and photo-quality papers and three cover types.
• Paperback and Hardcover Books: This format suits novels and poetry books, plus children’s books and graphic novels. Available in four print options to balance cost and quality, paperback and hardcover books are priced to sell and printed with a free ISBN for broader distribution.
• Magazines: These are available in one standard size and on premium paper. The magazine format is well-suited for serial content, catalogs, work samples, and portfolios intended for promotion.
• Notebooks and Journals: Whether you’re writing, sketching, journaling, or scheduling, our custom notebooks and journals are available in three sizes and up to 480 pages with six interior paper layout options.
How do I create my own book with Blurb?

Blurb offers helpful design tools and software integrations to help you design your book. Here’s a simple breakdown about creating a book with Blurb:

1. Choose a book format: With several options available, choose the book format that best suits your content. For example, a photo book format is best for premium-quality art books.
2. Select a tool: Blurb enables creators to utilize various tools to create their books. You can use BookWright, which is Blurb's free bookmaking design software, or you can choose an Adobe InDesign plugin, Adobe Lightroom plugin, or Adobe Photoshop plugin, depending on your book's format.
3. Design your book: Once you have selected a tool, you can start designing your book. You can use Blurb's customizable templates or design each page yourself. You have complete creative liberty over your book's overall look and feel.
4. Edit your content: Editing is essential in creating your own book. Use high-quality images and organize text to tell a story that engages your readers.
5. Distribute your book for sale: If you want to sell your book, Blurb offers several options for promotion and distribution, including the Blurb Bookstore, Amazon, and global online outlets like Ingram. You can print one copy at a time or order many copies upfront for a lower price per unit.

Blurb makes it easy to create your own book while offering flexible design tools and lucrative distribution channels to sell your self-published book online.

How do I self-publish a book with Blurb?

The process of self-publishing a book depends on the nature of your book's content and your goals as a creator. In general, the self-publishing process involves the following steps:

1. Choose a book format that suits your content, such as photo books, paperback and hardcover books, or magazines, as well as your book's dimensions, cover, and paper choice.
2. Select a tool to organize your book's content and design your book using customizable templates or by designing each page yourself.
3. Edit your book's content to ensure that it's error-free and clear and that images are high resolution.
4. Design your book cover or have a professional design it for you.
5. Submit your book for printing. Blurb offers both volume printing and print-on-demand and handles shipping and fulfillment as needed.

Blurb simplifies self-publishing while taking the guesswork out of creation, pricing, and promotion. In turn, you can create a bookstore-quality finished product that rivals major book publishers.

How much does it cost to self-publish a book?

The cost of self-publishing a book varies by book format, number of pages, and number of copies. In addition to your book's chosen format and the quantity of needed copies, your book's paper choice and size also affect the publishing cost. Refer to Blurb's pricing page for a more detailed chart and pricing calculator.

How long does it take to produce and ship my book?

When creating and printing a book with Blurb, it takes about five business days to print and bind a book. Shipping can take an additional 1-5 business days, depending on the shipping method you choose at checkout. In total, the time it takes to produce and ship a book with Blurb can range from 6-10 business days. Please note that this is an estimate, and the actual time may vary depending on the book format, the number of copies, and the distribution options. Blurb does not offer expedited production times, so be sure to plan accordingly if you need your book sooner.

Does Blurb offer volume pricing?

Blurb offers volume order discounts starting with orders of 10 or more copies of the same book. For orders of 750 copies or more, Blurb offers offset printing for better economies of scale. Blurb charges no distribution fees for printed projects and no commission for print sales. The cost per unit decreases as the number of copies increases, and you can print one copy at a time or buy many copies upfront for a lower price per unit. Learn more about Blurb’s large order services.

Ready to get started?
Create your account
Self Publishing
Creation & Layout Tools
Self-Publishing Overview
Large Order Services
Sell & Self-Publish
Sell on Blurb's Bookstore
Sell on Amazon
Ingram Distribution
Photo Books
Photo Books
Wedding Photo Books
Family Photo Books
Travel Photo Books
Popular Books
Food & Cookbooks
Photography
Memoirs
Children’s Books
Portfolios
Business Books
Yearbooks
Novels & Poetry
Get Inspired
Blog
Events
Bookstore
Gift Center
Blurb Partners
Help
Pricing
Hire an Expert
FAQs
Shipping
Return Policy
Become an Affiliate
Refer a friend
© 2025 Blurb, Inc. All rights reserved.
Company
Work at Blurb
Pricing
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Support
Sitemap