Automation, Observability, Mainframe – BMC Software Free Trials & Demos Request Pricing Contact Us Solutions Products Partners Support About BMC Free Trials & Demos Request Pricing Contact Us Back to Main Menu Solutions Featured Topics AIOps Artificial Intelligence (AI) Automation & Orchestration DataOps Developer Experience DevOps Job Scheduling & Workload Automation Mainframe Data Protection Industries Financial Services Healthcare Manufacturing Public Sector Telecommunications Technologies AWS Hybrid Cloud Mainframe View all solutions Back to Main Menu Workflow Orchestration CONTROL-M Workflow Orchestration SAP Orchestration Managed File Transfer Control-M for Big Data WHAT'S NEW Jett 5.23 Release Notes Take a tour of Control-M Mainframe Simplification BMC AMI PORTFOLIO Portfolio Overview DevOps Hybrid Cloud Data Protection Operations Data Storage Security WHAT'S NEW BMC AMI Assistant wins 2025 AI Breakthrough award Latest Release Notes Take a tour of BMC AMI View all Products Back to Main Menu Partners Partners Locate a Partner Become a BMC Partner Partner Resources Global Partnerships Developers Developer Community Jobs-as-Code with Control-M Integrations & Connectors Control-M Integrations Mainframe Integrations Back to Main Menu Support & Services Support Support Central Customer Support Offerings Downloads Documentation Knowledge Base Case and Defect Management Ask the Community Services & Consulting Services Overview Success Subscriptions Mainframe Services Deployment Services Education & Certification Learn with BMC BMC Academy Login (iLearn) Education Catalog IT Certifications Mainframe Education Back to Main Menu About BMC Why BMC? About BMC Customer Stories Leadership Team Corporate Social Responsibility Voice of the Customer Program BMC Innovation Labs Engage with BMC Contact Us Careers BMC Community Join BMC Collective BMC Blogs Newsroom Let us know how we can help Sales & Pricing Speak to a rep about your business needs Contact Sales Help & Support See our product support options Contact Support General inquiries and locations Contact us Search Popular destinations BMC AMI Cloud BMC AMI DevX Control-M Workload Automation Support for Control-M/Enterprise Manager Careers View all results Looking for BMC Helix? Visit the new site for the latest product information & support Go to BMC Helix Business, faster than humanly possible. Make the most of your data and move at unstoppable speed with AI and automation that unifies, simplifies, and transforms the entire multi-cloud enterprise. Contact us Your browser does not support the video tag. Teams rely on Control-M for 55 million + daily automations. Join our 20-minute webinar to learn how your team can benefit. Join us How we can help Workflow Orchestration Explore Control-M Mainframe Transformation Explore BMC AMI Optimize and automate your entire business with the latest in AI, cloud and data solutions. The world is moving at the speed of AI. Harness the power of AI, cloud, and data to streamline workflows, enhance efficiency, and drive smarter, faster decisions across your business. TRUSTED PARTNER The AI and automation engine for ~80% of the Forbes Global 100 Explore customer stories Gartner Report BMC is named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner ® Magic Quadrant TM for Service Orchestration and Automation Platforms Get the report The latest from BMC Award Spotlight BMC AMI Assistant wins 2025 AI Breakthrough award BMC AMI Assistant was recognized for its built-in conversational AI, helping mainframe teams troubleshoot, explain code, and move faster with generative AI and plain-language guidance. Learn more Product Release What's New in the BMC AMI Portfolio Discover how BMC AMI is redefining mainframe innovation — from GenAI to OpenTelemetry and more. Learn more Customer Success Webinar First Citizens Bank: Scaling seamlessly with Control-M Watch our webinar and learn how First Citizens Bank scaled rapidly to support its expansion with Control-M’s application workflow orchestration. Learn more Footer Company About BMC Events Webinars Feedback Careers Global Contacts Sitemap Newsroom Support Support Central Knowledge Base Vulnerability Disclosure Documentation Downloads Resources Social Community LinkedIn Facebook YouTube BMC Blogs X Instagram Search BMC Choose your language English Français Deutsch 简体中文 Español Português 日本語 Contact Free Trials Legal Privacy Policy Email Opt-Out Trust Center © Copyright 2005-2025 BMC Software, Inc. Use of this site signifies your acceptance of BMC’s Terms of Use . BMC, the BMC logo, and other BMC marks are assets of BMC Software,
     Inc. These trademarks are registered and may be registered in the U.S. and in other
     countries.