Contact us News EN ▾ Our country pages Africa South Africa Asia India Indonesia Malaysia Global Corporate site | English International Sales Europe Austria | Österreich Belgium | Belgique Belgium | België Bulgaria | България Croatia | Hrvatska Czechia | Česko Denmark | Danmark Estonia | Eesti Finland | Suomi France Germany | Deutschland Hungary | Magyarország Ireland | Éire Italy | Italia Latvia | Latvija Lithuania | Lietuva Netherlands | Nederland Norway | Norge Poland | Polska Portugal Romania | România Slovakia | Slovensko Slovenia | Slovenija Spain | España Sweden | Sverige Switzerland | Schweiz Switzerland | Suisse Turkey | Türkiye United Kingdom Our Group Our Solutions Our locations Inspiration Search Welcome to BMI We've been listening to our customers for over 184 years so that you get the perfect solution for your roof today. Our Group Designed for you Whatever your project needs, BMI can help you find the best solution to take your roof to the next level. Explore options & find inspiration Make it happen Flat or pitched, solar or green roofs, BMI has got it covered with complete systems to make your vision become a reality. Discover the range of systems We're Building New Horizons in roofing and waterproofing At BMI Group, we believe a roof can offer so much more than shelter, protection and peace of mind. Today a roof can also be a power station, a living space, a vertical garden, even a work of art. Discover the range of systems Designed to protect your assets Whatever your project needs, BMI can help you find the best solution to take your roof to the next level. Discover how we design your assets Make it happen with a roof Flat or pitched, solar or green roofs, BMI has got it covered with complete systems to make your vision become a reality. Explore roof systems 01 06 Search... Your choice A roof is made up of more than its surface covering. At BMI we supply complete systems to provide fully integrated solutions for your project. Pitched roofs From traditional clay to sleek solar or modern metal, our pitched roof systems give you the look you want, with the performance you need. Pitched roofs Flat roofs Premium waterproofing solutions create a blank canvas for spaces that generate energy, protect the environment or provide room to breathe. Flat roofs Blue roofs Blue roofs allow you to move water storage from ground-level to roof, manage this valuable resource and opening up new opportunities to help you hit sustainability targets. Blue roofs Green roofs Green roofs can help you improve your business's sustainability, as well as opening up your roof space to improve employee happiness and increase property value. Green roofs Helsinki Central Library Oodi An ambitious building project completed without compromise , inspired by the need for a public space open to all. Helsinki Central Library Oodi 01 06 Innovative systems backed by years of expertise Our products have been developed through years of research, supported by the resources and technical know-how of a global brand, to bring you peace of mind. Concrete Tiles Our innovative concrete tile solutions open a world of new possibilities for designers and installers. Concrete Tiles Synthetic Membranes Our modern, flexible and lightweight single-ply waterproofing solutions are easy to install with excellent sustainable credentials. Synthetic membranes Clay Tiles The natural charm of clay tiles means they are as popular today as they were 200 years ago. Clay Tiles Bitumen Membranes Traditional membrane systems developed to offer the latest in flat-roof technology on a range of building types and surfaces. Bitumen membranes Liquid Applied Waterproofing Whether used as a full roof or as a detailing solution, our resin-based roofing systems create seamless, durable surfaces on even the most complex structures. Liquid Applied Waterproofing Civil Engineering BMI designs and delivers advanced waterproofing solutions for some of the most demanding civil engineering projects across the globe. Civil engineering The strength of our historical brands At the heart of our global roofing solutions are our trusted brands. With a proven track record for technical excellence, they provide the widest choice of technologies to cover every possibility. Braas As the market leader for complete pitched roof systems and with an extensive range of services, BMI Braas offers you everything to do with pitched roofs. Monier BMI Monier has a market-leading range of brick roof tiles and accessories, which have been sold in Norway for over 25 years. Icopal Icopal is BMI's brand for roof shingles and asphalt roofing for flat and sloping roofs, and has over 100 years of history. Wolfin It is one of the leading brands for flat roof and building waterproofing systems for over 55 years. With the roofing and sealing membranes made of plastic, planners, architects, builders, processors receive numerous solutions for the professional sealing. Sealoflex The definitive range of liquid applied waterproofing systems, BMI Sealoflex, offers a fluid approach to roofs, terraces, balconies and beyond. Coverland With designs that embrace both heritage and contemporary innovation, BMI Coverland has been the leading supplier of concrete tiles and systems for over 70 years. Vedag With over 170 years of tradition, BMI Vedag has the longest experience in Germany in the manufacture of bitumen waterproofing membranes. Ormax BMI Ormax is the most popular brick roof in Finland. Whether it's a gable roof renovation or a new site roof, the BMI Ormax brick roof is a stylish and secure choice. Redland With over 180 years of experience, our tiles, slates and accessories, combined with market-leading technical support deliver total pitched roofing solutions Siplast From foundations to roofs, BMI Siplast puts all its waterproofing expertise at the service of your needs, to help you create an ever more attractive living environment. Zanda Over 500,000 Norwegians have concrete roof tiles from Zanda on the roof. The reason is simple: The beautiful design, the unbeatable strength and the long durability make it easy for many to choose this particular roof on the house's most important facade. Bramac 46 years of experience in the production and development of overall solutions for long-lasting and durable roofs. The intelligent combination of roofing, solar technology and insulation. Cobert BMI Cobert is BMI's brand of products and solutions for pitched roofs in Iberia. Decades of experience and the best team of professionals to create roofs with their own personality. Everguard Best in class and unique on the market, BMI EverGuard® TPO membranes have been installed on more than 300 million square meters of roofs across the world. Villas From basements to roofs, from roads to bridges, BMI Villas has been developing and producing professional roofing and waterproofing systems based on bitumen for over 70 years. Wierer Wierer roof tiles are the foundation of Italian homes: aesthetic quality and performance that lasts over time. Wierer is synonymous with technology and aesthetic refinement. Where you'll find us Country office Country office and / or Use my location List Map No result Sorry, unable to find the roofer Our Group Our Group Career development Diversity Contact us News Our Solutions Our Solutions Roof Systems Roof projects Case Studies Residential buildings Public Buildings Factories & Industrial buildings Warehouses & Logistics buildings Commercial & retail buildings Our Blog Blog Find us on Legal General Terms and Conditions Imprint UK Tax Strategy UK Modern Slavery Act Cookie Policy Third party site privacy notice S172 Statements Ethics Hotline Sitemap