Barnes & Noble College - Campus Bookstore, Retail Services Distributor Skip to main content Academic Solutions Course Materials Affordable Access Open Educational Resources Tools and Support for Faculty Retail Reimagined Custom Store Solutions College Retail Store Design Athletics Merchandising Merchandising Strategy Ecommerce Retail Marketing Solutions College Insights Research Expertise Industry Insights BNC K-12 Contact Hamburger Menu Search Close Navigation Menu Home Academic Solutions Retail Reimagined College Insights BNC K-12 About Us Our Schools Contact Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin NACAS C3X Las Vegas, Nov 16-19 We're proud to be part of industry-changing conversations that drive growth in higher education. See you there Carousel content with 4 slides. Pause carousel Student Success Student
Success Our innovative course material delivery model, First Day® Complete supports student outcomes by improving access, convenience, and affordability. Learn more Elevated eCommerce Elevated 
eCommerce Our state-of-the-art eCommerce platform makes it possible to provide personal experience that online shoppers deserve. Learn more Elevating Education Elevating
Education With cutting-edge campus solutions that drive student success Learn more Retail Reimagined Retail
Reimagined Collegiate stores that enhance your brand and drive revenue Retail Services Academic Solutions Elevated eCommerce Elevating Education Retail Reimagined Looking for your campus bookstore? Find your store and connect with the local campus team. Visit Store Directory Our industry-leading insights show what's possible See more Five Ways Affordable Access Benefits Students and Institutions Administrators from Northern Virginia Community College and East Carolina University share their reasons for implementing BNC’s affordable access program, First Day® Complete, in fall 2024. Read more Ensuring a Successful First Day® Complete Implementation Administrators from two new First Day Complete partner schools share implementation best practices as they discussed their recent program launches. Read more The Rapid & Continued Growth of First Day® Affordable Access Programs With 191 campus stores now offering BNC’s First Day® Complete affordable access program, approximately 950,000 undergraduate and graduate students—up from 800,000 in the 2023 fall term—benefit from improved course material access, convenience, and affordability. Read more New Year, New Merchandise Assortments: Driving School Pride and Excitement on Campus BNC continues to offer the largest merchandise assortment in the industry, with a fresh mix of the products students, alumni, parents and fans crave. New and notable this year: an expanded value program, exciting new fashion collaborations, more college living essentials and enhanced emblematic supplies to support the academic journey. Read more College Comfort: A Collection of Essentials to Elevate the College Living Experience College Comfort is Barnes & Noble College’s latest initiative to support students across their entire academic journey. A convenient, one-stop shop for college living essentials at the campus store, this collection is specifically designed for stylish, small-space living. It includes creative options for storage and organization, damage-free room décor, well-being and more. Read more New For Fall: More Ways Barnes & Noble College Is Elevating The Campus Store Experience Enhancements to our academic solutions and campus store operations make it even easier and more convenient for students to get their required course materials, and for our store teams to deliver superior service. Read more Academic Solutions High-quality solutions for affordable access, digital courseware, and personalized learning Providing your faculty with the broadest range of quality low-cost course material selections, and learning solutions to ensure your students have everything they need to succeed. Learn more Omnichannel Retail Deliver customized experiences that best serve the needs of your community Our localized retail solutions provide best-in-class athletic, school spirit and lifestyle merchandise that makes your store the premier place to shop. See Retail Services College Insights Inspire new thinking with the latest research and insights Our voice-of-the-customer research and thought leadership reveal emerging trends and practices to transform the campus experience —and beyond. Learn more Beyond Retail Our promise: affordability, access and achievement Campuses nationwide are committed to retaining and graduating more students who are prepared for academic and career success. Our partnerships advance this mission with forward-thinking solutions tailored to meet your institution’s needs and help you stay ahead of the curve. See Our Mission Home About Us Academic Solutions Retail Reimagined College Insights BNC K-12 Our Schools Contact Us Contact Us Customer Service Brand Partnerships Investor Relations Careers Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn ©2025 Barnes & Noble Education . All rights reserved. 180 Park Avenue, Suite 301 Florham Park, NJ 07932 Cookie Settings Terms of Use Privacy Policy CA Privacy Policy Accessibility BNED The owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. This site uses the WP ADA Compliance Check plugin to enhance accessibility.