Get BoardDocs by Diligent | #1 Public & School Boards Software BoardDocs login BoardDocs Support BoardDocs is part of Diligent BoardDocs is part of Diligent Diligent is the company behind the BoardDocs software you know and trust. As part of the Diligent portfolio since 2016, BoardDocs continues to be supported and maintained for our current customers. Use this page to find information about our BoardDocs software, and links to key resources including Support and Login information. If you have any questions don’t hesitate to reach out. We're glad to have you with us. — The Diligent Team Request a demo Learn about Diligent Community chevron_right Helpful Links login BoardDocs Login Access your account through the login link found here. auto_stories Resources Find guides, FAQs, and best practices to help you make the most of your tools. 3p Support Need help? Contact our support team or browse the help centre. Streamline board meetings and enhance public transparency BoardDocs is the intuitive, paperless meeting management software built specifically for public and elected boards. BoardDocs has been making board meetings smoother, more productive, and more transparent for more than 25 years. Empowering boards to lead with confidence. Centralize board governance With fast search capabilities and customizable templates, streamline your workflows so your board can focus on strategic decision-making Simplify board meeting management Automate routine tasks like agenda creation and document management with BoardDocs, saving valuable time while maintaining professionalism and accuracy. Drive accessibility and accountability Improve public engagement by providing secure access to agendas, minutes, and board materials, ensuring stakeholders stay informed. Essential features to empower your board Rapid search capabilities No more wasting time searching through endless folders or emails. With BoardDocs, context-sensitive searching allows school board members and administrators to find public documents easily, making it simpler to access important details when they matter most. Customizable minutes templates Effortlessly create professional meeting minutes using a template-based minutes generator with built-in editing functionality, ensuring nothing gets missed and your school board can focus on what really counts — making decisions that benefit the community. Infinite support for policies and documents With BoardDocs, there’s no limit to the number of policy books, procedures, manuals, standards, or codes you can maintain and update — so you always have access to a centralized, easily-accessible resource for all your governance documents. Seamless document management Managing and publishing policy books has never been easier. Whether you’re sharing information internally or publishing it online, link directly to your existing online policy system, eliminating duplication and saving time. “BoardDocs Pro made our board meeting preparation so much more efficient and our board meetings even more transparent. Our Board Members love the fact that attendees can follow the agenda and see the outcome of the action items as they are voted on.” Lynne Hoffman, Executive Secretary to the Superintendent & The Governing Board, Page Unified School District, No. 8, A Ready to elevate your board’s governance? Discover how Diligent can transform your organization’s board meetings with streamlined processes and improved transparency. Learn more Governance Resources We equip your for public and elected boards with the resources to strengthen its governance while keeping up with emerging trends and opportunities. More resources Customer Story See how Diligent technology helped one school district to improve meeting accessibility and transparency in order to better engage their community. Learn more Speak with a governance advisor Diligent provides governance software designed specifically to meet the modern governance needs of school districts and other public and elected boards. First name Last name Work email mail Phone number phone Your company name business Country location_on Country By submitting this form, you agree to receive the information requested as well as sales and/or marketing communication on resources, news, and events related to the Diligent suite of solutions. You can unsubscribe at any time or manage the types of communication you would like to receive by visiting our Preference Center . For further details regarding how Diligent processes your personal information, please refer to our Privacy Notice . Request a demo security Your Data Matters At our core, transparency is key. We prioritize your privacy by providing clear information about your rights and facilitating their exercise. You're in control, with the option to manage your preferences and the extent of information shared with us and our partners. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Digital Services Act Your Privacy Choices Trust Center Vulnerability Disclosure Program Modern Slavery Statement Accessibility Statement © 2026 Diligent Corporation. All rights reserved.