Boardhost
Create yours!
Features
FAQ
Contact Us
 
 
 
 
Where should we put your free forum?

https://

.boardhost.com

 
 Create a free forum      Create a free message board

Message Board Administration Area

Username
Lost your password?
Password
 
 
 
 Welcome to Boardhost!
You've found the best place to create a free forum or free message board. Our service is loaded with features, and we've made it easy. Choose a host that will be there for you. Our customers have trusted us to host their online discussions for over 25 years!
 Why choose our free service?
You will be up and running in just minutes
Our reliable remotely hosted service requires no special skills
We've worked hard to make our service powerful, yet still easy to use
Complete customization: make your forum or message board look and behave exactly how you want it to
Unlimited pageviews and usage; we want you to grow with us
High powered administration tools
We specialize in hosting online discussions
Friendly and helpful technical support if you run into trouble
Experience! We've hosted millions of our customers' discussions.
 Reliable service since 1998.

Long before there even was a YouTube or Facebook, we were already giving away free message boards. We'll be here for you in the future as well. Instantly create a Boardhost forum that allows you unlimited categories, postings, users, and even pageviews, or create a classic Boardhost message board, loved by our customers for its ease of use. Over the years we have become known for our service's speed and reliability. Our service is easy enough for beginners, yet contains high powered tools that advanced users crave.

          Tour our service    Forum tour | Message board tour

Your Forum, Completely Unlimited
Have just one forum, or split your forum into as many categories, forums, and sub-forums as you like. Each section can receive and hold an unlimited number of postings, and has no bandwidth or pageview limitations.

Powerful Moderation Tools
Not only can you edit postings, "lock" them, "pin" them to the top of a forum, move them from forum to forum, and more, you can also appoint an unlimited number of moderators that can do the same.

Detailed Administration Area
Control virtually every aspect of your forum. Set up censored words, time and date preferences, and much more simply by visiting your forum's built-in Administration Area.

Advanced Customization Options
We want your forum to look exactly how you want it to. Not only can you add a fully HTML-enabled header and footer area, you can choose your own colors, or dive deep into the CSS if you prefer.

Easy to Use
We've worked hard to make our service easy enough for beginners to use, but still loaded with powerful features. We would love to host your forum, and hope you will create one now! To get started, just think of a great username and put it into the box at the top. If you have any questions, we're here to help.
 
 
Links
Administration Area
Service Plans
Board Listings
 
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
DMCA
 


Copyright © Boardhost.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.