The Official Bob Dylan Site Search for: BOB DYLAN NEWSLETTER Tour Tour Dates Setlists News News Hype Albums Songs Books Art Whiskey Store Center Point Blank (Quick Studies) Bob Dylan’s first major art publication in more than a decade—-featuring nearly 100 unseen sketches, and short prose from Eddie Gorodetsky, Jackie Hamilton, and Lucy Sante. Available now! The Bootleg Series Vol. 18: Bob Dylan’s Bootleg Series Volume 18: Through The Open Window, 1956-1963 Now Available to Purchase or Stream Bob Dylan ’s Bootleg Series Volume 18: Through The Open Window, 1956-1963 is now available to purchase and stream! Listen here . The 1974 Live Recordings Now Available! The 1974 Live Recordings is now available, celebrating the 50th anniversary of Bob Dylan’s return to touring that year. Featuring all professionally recorded shows from the artist’s 1974 performances backed by The Band, the collection will be available as a deluxe box set across 27 CDs. The 1974 Live Recordings offers fans 417 previously-unreleased Bob Dylan live tracks – including 133 recordings newly mixed from 16-track tape, and every single surviving soundboard recording – along with new liner notes by journalist and critic Elizabeth Nelson. Order The 1974 Live Recordings today! https://BobDylan.lnk.to/1974LiveRecordings The Complete Budokan 1978 is Out Now! A deluxe box set celebrating Bob Dylan’s 1978 world concert tour and the 45th anniversary of the artist’s first concert appearances in Japan, The Complete Budokan 1978 presents two full shows originally recorded on 24-channel multitrack analog tapes at Tokyo’s Nippon Budokan Hall on February 28 and March 1, 1978 and offers fans 36 previously unreleased Dylan performances. The Complete Budokan 1978 is available in 4CD, 8LP (Japan only) and digital configurations. Order today! I gotta go; Find out something only dead men know Statement from Bob Dylan on the passing of Robbie Robertson Statement from Bob Dylan on the passing of Robbie Robertson: “This is shocking news. Robbie was a lifelong friend. His passing leaves a vacancy in the world.” Shadow Kingdom Soundtrack Now Available “The entire show was one jaw-dropping delight after another.” – Rolling Stone “He hasn’t sounded better in decades.” – Variety Order Now! Shadow Kingdom originally aired as an exclusive streaming event in July 2021 and will now be available on vinyl, CD and streaming platforms for the first time. Shadow Kingdom presents Bob Dylan performing revelatory 21st century versions of songs from his storied back catalog — including fan favorites like “Forever Young” and “It’s All Over Now, Baby Blue,” and deep catalog gems like “Queen Jane Approximately” and “The Wicked Messenger.” The full-length Shadow Kingdom feature film will also be available for download and rental on Tuesday, June 6. Bob Dylan – Not Dark Yet (Version 1) Watch the video for a previously unreleased version of “Not Dark Yet,” one of the stand-out tracks on the original ‘Time Out Of Mind’ album. Photography in the video is courtesy of renowned photo agency Magnum Photos. “Not Dark Yet” (Version 1) will be included in the upcoming release of Bob Dylan’s ‘Fragments – Time Out of Mind Sessions (1996-1997): The Bootleg Series Vol. 17.’ Bob Dylan Q&A about “The Philosophy of Modern Song” Read the complete interview here . “Fragments: Time Out of Mind Sessions (1996-1997)” now Available! The latest chapter in Bob Dylan’s Bootleg Series takes a fresh look at Time Out of Mind , Dylan’s mid-career masterpiece, celebrating the album and its enduring impact 25 years after its original release on September 30, 1997. Pre-order Now Tom Jones – Not Dark Yet Tina Turner – Tonight I’ll Be Staying Here With You Rick Nelson – Just Like a Woman Interview With Steve Forbert Bob Dylan’s First 60 Years as a Columbia Recording Artist Celebrated To commemorate Bob Dylan’s 60th Anniversary as a recording artist of immeasurable musical and cultural impact, a new music video, “Subterranean Homesick Blues 2022,”—featuring a kinetic collage of visuals by a diverse array of artists—has launched. Also revealed is an Augmented Reality filter that provides a POV interactive experience. More info The Philosophy of Modern Song Announcing The Philosophy of Modern Song, Bob Dylan’s unique reflection on the ideas and philosophy contained in modern popular song. This is the Nobel Prize laureate’s first book of new writing since 2004’s Chronicles: Volume One . Learn more and order your copy today. Springtime in New York now Available! Bob Dylan – Springtime In New York (1980-1985) celebrates the rich creative period surrounding Dylan’s albums Shot Of Love , Infidels , and Empire Burlesque with previously unreleased outtakes, alternate takes, rehearsal recordings, live performances and more. Purchase here “Bob Dylan – 1970” ‘1970’ is a new 3-disc set, released by popular demand on February 26. It includes previously unreleased outtakes from the sessions that produced ‘Self Portrait’ and ‘New Morning’ plus the complete May 1, 1970 studio recordings with George Harrison, which capture the pair performing together on nine tracks. PURCHASE Bob Dylan – 1970 Bob Dylan Returns to “Theme Time Radio Hour” Bob Dylan’s “Theme Time Radio Hour” is back for the first time in over a decade with an exclusive two-hour episode on the theme of whiskey. Listen Here! False Prophet New album ‘Rough And Rowdy Ways’ coming June 19th. Order now Listen to “False Prophet” here False Prophet lyrics Murder Most Foul Greetings to my fans and followers with gratitude for all your support and loyalty across the years. This is an unreleased song we recorded a while back that you might find interesting. Stay safe, stay observant and may God be with you. Bob Dylan Listen to “Murder Most Foul” lyrics to “Murder Most Foul.” The Story Of Travelin’ Thru, 1967 – 1969 Bob Dylan (Featuring Johnny Cash) – Travelin’ Thru, 1967 – 1969: The Bootleg Series Vol. 15 out now! New chapter in acclaimed Bootleg Series unveils 47 previously unreleased recordings, including outtakes from John Wesley Harding , Nashville Skyline and Self Portrait plus first release of fabled Bob Dylan-Johnny Cash 1969 Nashville studio sessions Buy Now! Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash – Wanted Man (Take 1) Bob Dylan – Tell Me That It Isn’t True (Take 2) Lyric video for Bob Dylan’s “Tell Me That It Isn’t True (Take 2)” from Travellin’ Thru, 1967 – 1969: The Bootleg Series, Vol. 15 Listen to Bob Dylan: https://bobdylan.lnk.to/listenYD Rolling Thunder Apparel Collection has Arrived The Rolling Thunder Collection is available for purchase now! Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story By Martin Scorsese | Hard Rain | Netflix Bob Dylan – The Rolling Thunder Revue Box Set Preview Order now! Bob Dylan – The Rolling Thunder Revue: The 1975 Live Recordings Now Available! Monumental 14CD Box Set Includes 5 Complete Bob Dylan Sets From Rolling Thunder Revue Concerts Spanning October-December First Leg, Rehearsal Performances, Rarities And More More info Order now! Visit the Bob Dylan Store Apparel, posters and more at the Bob Dylan Store . More Blood, More Tracks – The Bootleg Series Vol. 14 Now Available! Eagerly Anticipated New Chapter in Acclaimed Dylan Bootleg Series Unveils Previously Unreleased Studio Performances from 1974’s Mythic Blood on the Tracks Sessions Read more Order Now Listen Missing Notebook Pages News Flash – we are not perfect! Due to a printing error, four pages were left out of the handwritten lyric notebook included in the Deluxe Edition of ‘More Blood, More Tracks.’ We’re including them here , with our apologies. Live 1962-1966 – Rare Performances From The Copyright Collections Bob Dylan’s Live 1962 – 1966: Rare Performances from The Copyright Collections is now available digitally or as a 2-CD set. Most of the performances on the album have been previously available only on the extremely limited edition “50th Anniversary / Copyright Extension” albums (three highly-collectible compilations–released in 2012, 2013 and 2014–of rare early Dylan recordings). Across two discs-worth of music, Live 1962 – 1966: Rare Performances from The Copyright Collections chronicles Dylan’s transformation from groundbreaking acoustic “folk” artist to iconic force of pop culture. The album features seminal recordings from the artist’s coffeehouse era (Gerde’s Folk City, 1962), his mythic 1963 breakout concerts at New York’s Town Hall and Carnegie Hall, a duet with Joan Baez from the historic March on Washington (August 28, 1963), definitive performances from his European and world tours of 1965 and 1966, incandescent moments from the 1964 and 1965 Newport Folk Festivals and more. Get your copy today! Heaven’s Door Whiskey Is Here Heaven’s Door – a collection of American Whiskeys developed in collaboration with Bob Dylan and renowned craft distillers, will be available in May.  Years in the making, the inaugural trilogy of expressions includes a Tennessee Straight Bourbon Whiskey, Double Barrel Whiskey and Straight Rye Whiskey finished in oak barrels from Vosges, France, air-dried for 3 years. The perfect blend of art and craft, each bottle showcases Dylan’s distinctive welded iron gates that he created in his metalworking studio, Black Buffalo Ironworks. Heaven’s Door web site New York Times article New York Times taste test Praise for “Trouble No More” “Trouble No More – The Bootleg Series Vol. 13 / 1979-1981” has been recommended on many publications’ year-end gift lists. Rolling Stone’s Best Reissue of the Year It’s one of the most enthusiastically praised Bootleg Series releases. Get your copy today or give it to a Bob Dylan fan in your life! Order Now: Deluxe Deluxe download Double CD Vinyl Bob Dylan Store The Nobel Lecture Now Available Published for the first time in a beautiful collectible edition, the essential lecture delivered by the 2016 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Bob Dylan. Purchase at Amazon . New Bob Dylan Books Check out the bobdylan.com Books page for new titles including The Nobel Lecture and 100 Songs . Joan Osborne’s “Songs of Bob Dylan” Joan Osborne’s excellent new album “Songs of Bob Dylan” is out now. Check it out here: Songs of Bob Dylan Roland Janes Bob Dylan remembers a rockabilly legend. The Night We Called It A Day Q&A with Bill Flanagan Bob Dylan speaks to Bill Flanagan exclusively for bobdylan.com Listen to “Stardust” Listen to “Stardust” off Bob Dylan’s upcoming album Triplicate ! Listen to “My One and Only Love” Listen to a newly released track from Bob Dylan’s Triplicate ! The Nobel Award Ceremony Speech Here is the Presentation Speech by Professor Horace Engdahl, Member of the Swedish Academy, Member of the Nobel Committee for Literature, 10 December 2016. Bob Dylan’s Nobel Banquet Speech The Nobel Foundation has posted the Banquet speech by Bob Dylan given by the United States Ambassador to Sweden Azita Raji, at the Nobel Banquet, December 10, 2016. The Lyrics: 1961-2012 Order from Amazon Out now: : A beautiful, comprehensive volume of Dylan’s lyrics, from the beginning of his career through the present day—with the songwriter’s edits to dozens of songs, appearing here for the first time. Bob Dylan on Muhammad Ali “If the measure of greatness is to gladden the heart of every human being on the face of the earth, then he truly was the greatest. In every way he was the bravest, the kindest and the most excellent of men.” Hear “All the Way” off ‘Fallen Angels’ “All the Way” is the second song released off the album Fallen Angels out May 20. Both “All the Way” and “Melancholy Mood” are available instantly with all digital pre-orders of the album. The track can also be streamed here and on Apple Music. Visit the Bob Dylan Music Store Visit the Bob Dylan Studio A Revisited Micro-site Put yourself in the studio during the 1965-66 sessions by visiting the Studio A Revisited microsite, which gives you an opportunity to play with the four studio “stems” that make up “Like A Rolling Stone” and more. “The Lyrics: Since 1962” Available Now! They'll stone ya when you're at the breakfast table. The Story of “The Cutting Edge” WATCH THE VIDEO LOAD MORE © 2018 Sony Music Entertainment . All Rights Reserved. COLUMBIA and "Walking Eye" Design are registered trademarks of Sony Music Entertainment. Visit www.OnGuardOnline.gov for social networking safety tips for parents and youth. Follow Bob Dylan Facebook Twitter Instagram Spotify Apple Music Site By Icon Send us feedback Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Why Music Matters