Danish Design Furniture Store and Interior Design | BoConcept Find a store. Furniture Professionals Make an appointment Furniture Sofas Chairs Tables Storage Beds Outdoor Lamps Rugs Accessories Collections Sofa collections Table collections Chair collections Armchair collections Beds collections Storage collections Accessories collections Fabric and leather collection Outlet Rooms Living rooms Dining rooms Bedrooms Outdoor spaces Small spaces Home offices BoConcept + Helena Christensen Inspiration Customer Service Contact Delivery Product care Assembly instructions Warranty Legal Interior Design Service Order free samples Find a store About BoConcept Values Corporate Responsibility The History Press lounge Craftsmanship and Quality Our designers Customizing Career Standards and certifications Accessibility Statement Become a franchisee Professionals Trade Program Projects Articles and news Get free fabric samples Need help? Let's talk. English United States English United States Customer Service Find a store About BoConcept Press lounge Career Become a BoConcept franchisee Get our newsletter. Get a front row seat to our collektion launches and trends – directly to your inbox. Sign up here. Follow us Cookie information Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy All prices are recommended retail prices in US Dollars ($) and exclude sales tax. English United States English United States Save on Danish design SALE EKSTRAORDINÆR Now on Shop the sale What are you looking for? Sofas Chairs Tables Beds Storage Accessories Rugs Lamps Outdoor Elegant settings, lasting memories Festive dining Discover more Key trends for 2026 New ideas for your home Be inspired Mindful calm Tactile fabrics and gentle textures work to soften sound, shaping spaces that feel calm, cocooning and restfully quiet. Learn more Your home, your story Using open storage to help curate your personal style, in celebration of the things you love. Learn more Endless possibilities, tailored to you Our collections are created with customisation in mind – choose your configuration and materials to craft a design that’s uniquely yours, or turn to our Interior Designers to help refine your vision. Learn more about our fabrics Get help customising Be inspired in - store Find my local store Let us help you - no obligations We have helped thousands of happy customers. Our expertise in room design, color, material and texture helps you transform your home. Together we turn spaces into extraordinary spaces. Fill in the form and we will arrange a no-obligation consultation. Get in touch Discover real homes styled by our interior designers Look through our past and current projects to get inspired for your own space. Herlev: Modern home Milngavie: family home Hørsholm: Townhouse style Herbley: Family space Copenhagen: Family home More than 70 years of Danish design & craftsmanship Born in Denmark in 1952, BoConcept grew from two cabinetmakers’ workshop into a global design brand – merging Danish craftsmanship with smart innovation to create customisable, contemporary furniture for real life. Our history Style advice Buying guides Expert tips Everything you need to feel confident finding furniture that fits your style and space Be inspired Five tips for selecting the perfect sofa Selecting the right sofa is vital for both your comfort and interior expression. We have put together five buying tips to help ensure you end up with the perfect sofa. Read more How do I choose the perfect dining chair? If you’re thinking about buying new dining chairs, you could be a little overwhelmed. Size Color Material Design Budget There are so many factors and so many designs to choose from. Worry no more. We have put together this dining chair buyer’s guide, with tips, tricks and considerations to answer all the important questions when buying a dining chair. Read more Dining table buyer's guide If you are like most of us, you probably don’t buy a new dining table every six months. You will use yours for anywhere between 5 and 10 years. So, choosing your dining table shouldn’t be done in a hurry. To help you make the right decision, we have put together this Dining Table Buying Guide. Read more Danish Design Furniture and Interior Design Looking for Danish Design Furniture? Our dedicated customer services team is ready to answer any enquiries you may have. Whether it's about our services, products, or something else – we are here to help. Chat with our interior designers Speak directly with one of our interior designers to bring your vision to life. Our experts are ready to offer personalized advice, creative solutions, and guidance tailored to your unique style and space. Learn more about our Interior Design Service. Find a store near you. Discover BoConcept stores closest to you and come and get a feel for our products, chat about your living space, and how to achieve your desired look and functionality. Go to store locator Customer Service Explore our Customer Services page for detailed information about assembly, delivery, sampling, warranties and a variety of other helpful services. Go to Customer Services Looking for a career with us? BoConcept is constantly opening new stores around the world, which means we're always looking for dynamic and skilled employees. Above all, we're looking for employees who are service-oriented, open-minded, responsible, independent, and enthusiastic about their work. People who identify with both our concept and our brand image. Join our team