FOR DOMAINERS
FOR REGISTRARS
FEATURES
SUPPORT
LOGIN
CREATE ACCOUNT
Smart Domain Monetization

Monetize, manage, and sell undeveloped domains using smart features designed to maximize revenue.

GET STARTED
 
LEARN MORE
Bodis’ Advanced Management & Filtering allows you to quickly and easily find the information you require. Whether you own 10 or 100,000 domains our responsive reporting will never leave you waiting for your data.
BODIS ADVANTAGE
Why Choose Bodis?
Automatic Optimization of Domains
Constant Innovation
Comprehensive Sales
Domain Management
Our Features
Optimized for Maximum Revenue
Our optimization technology continuously monitors and optimizes your domains for the best possible revenues.
SSL
We automatically generate SSL certificates for your domains to ensure you receive every cent from every visitor.
Direct Advertisers
We work with only quality brand advertisers to ensure a good user experience and highest revenues.
Fast Payouts
Get your payments promptly and effortlessly with our fast payout system.
Advanced Management
Designed for larger domain owners, our platform offers bulk settings for efficient management of related terms, folders, and more en-masse, alongside advanced reporting capabilities to compare stats between two date ranges and filter or export domains using various criteria
Smart Dashboard
Fully customizable data and schedule interval.
Commission Free Sales
Want to manage your own inquires and sales? You have the option to fully manage your own leads, commission free.
Are you a...
Domain Investor
Smart features to better help you manage your domain names.
Optimization technology that ensures the highest revenue and RPMs.
Many "For Sale" options and sales features.
Fast Payouts
MAXIMIZE PROFITS
Domain Registrar
Monetize expired or newly registered/'coming soon' domain inventory.
Branded landing pages with your logo and text. Ability to display dynamically generated text on parked page.
Enable your users to renew domains from the parked page.
Simple integration via HTML/JS as well as via API.
GET IN TOUCH
Don't just take our word for it

Listen to what these other domain industry professionals had to say:

"I enjoy Bodis' easy to use interface and excellent customer service."
NAT COHEN
JOIN THE SMARTEST WAY TO MONETIZE YOUR DOMAINS
GET STARTED!

Proud to support and be recommended by:

 
Follow Us
Blog
 LinkedIn
Help
Support / KB
Learn at DomainParking.com 
Company
About Us
Careers
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Trademark Abuse Policy
© 2007 - 2025 Bodis LLC. All rights reserved.