Bank of America - Banking, Credit Cards, Loans and Merrill Investing Skip to main content Get the Mobile Banking app Select Your Device * iPhone iPad Android Other Go Get it on the App Store Before you leave our site, we want you to know your app store has its own privacy practices and level of security which may be different from ours, so please review their policies. Or we can text a download link directly to your phone Phone Number * In 999-999-9999 Format Send Please enter a valid 10-digit phone number By providing your mobile number you are consenting to receive a text message. Text message fees may apply from your carrier. Text messages may be transmitted automatically. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Get it on the App Store Before you leave our site, we want you to know your app store has its own privacy practices and level of security which may be different from ours, so please review their policies. Or we can send you a link by email Email Address * Send Please enter a valid email address Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Get it on Google Play Before you leave our site, we want you to know your app store has its own privacy practices and level of security which may be different from ours, so please review their policies. Or we can text a download link directly to your phone Phone Number * In 999-999-9999 Format Send Please enter a phone number By providing your mobile number you are consenting to receive a text message. Text message fees may apply from your carrier. Text messages may be transmitted automatically. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Samsung is a registered trademark of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Our mobile app isn't available for all devices If you don't see an app for your device, you may still be able to access our mobile website by typing bankofamerica.com in your mobile web browser. Learn more about mobile banking options and supported devices Get the mobile banking app Before you leave our site, we want you to know your app store has its own privacy practices and level of security which may be different from ours, so please review their polices. Continue Go back to Bank of America We've sent you a download link We sent an email with the download link to We sent a text message with the download link to OK We couldn't send the link We're sorry we weren't able to send you the download link. Please try again, or use your mobile device to get the app from its app store. OK Open an account Pause video Play video × Checking Checking Savings & CDs Savings & CDs Credit Cards Credit Cards Home Loans Home Loans Auto Loans Auto Loans Small Business Small Business Investing Investing Banking for students and young adults Banking for students and young adults Get the free app Schedule an appointment Pause Play Your financial goals matter We can help you achieve them through Better Money Habits ® financial education and programs that make communities stronger. Real Talk with Better Money Habits® Click to read “Real Talk with Better Money Habits®” 8 common bank fees—and how to avoid them Click to read “8 common bank fees—and how to avoid them” What is a certificate of deposit (CD) and how does it work? Click to read “What is a certificate of deposit (CD) and how does it work?” How to start building an emergency fund Click to read “How to start building an emergency fund” Explore more topics and build your financial know‑how. Visit Better Money Habits ® Visit Better Money Habits ® Your news and information Level up your account security Watch your security meter rise as you take action to help protect against fraud. See it in the Security Center in Mobile and Online Banking. Check your account security level Check your account security level Convenient banking with our Mobile app Explore our mobile app Explore our mobile app Connect with us Schedule an appointment Find a location Contact us Help center