Web messaging software and live chat tools for CX | Genesys Products Solutions Capabilities Industries AI-Powered Experience Orchestration Prebuilt solutions Genesys Cloud CX Deliver personalized experiences at scale with a comprehensive contact center. Genesys Cloud EX Drive employee efficiency in your contact center and beyond with a WEM
                  standalone solution. AppFoundry® Marketplace Extend the Genesys Cloud platform with pre‑integrated apps. Open platform Dev Tools and Public APIs Continuous innovation Cloud architecture Trust Center Global availability Integrations Deliver end-to-end personalized experiences at scale AI and automation Realize value faster with purpose-built AI that’s easy to deploy, control and optimize. Contact center software Optimize with intelligent automation and embedded AI that delivers value from day one. Digital customer engagement Seamlessly connect on any channel with humans and AI-powered bots. Customer journey management Connect data silos to orchestrate and optimize end-to-end customer and employee experiences. Workforce engagement management​ Unlock employee potential with built-in AI that simplifies management and drives impact and retention. Cloud architecture and open platform Innovate continuously, scale globally and build any customer experience. All capabilities Trusted across industries Banking Build trust and loyalty with seamless banking experiences across channels — every time. Healthcare Create secure, connected patient experiences that transform their care at scale. Retail Personalize every shopping experience with scalable retail support your customers can count on. Insurance Keep up with policyholder demands across channels using an AI-powered technology platform. Government Deliver secure, trusted digital government services that exceed customer expectations. More industries Discover how companies across industries achieve their specific goals with Genesys. Your company and Genesys Discover how pioneering organizations are reshaping the landscape of customer experience. Get ebook Customers Redefine your success standards Leading brands worldwide are making customer experience a competitive differentiator with Genesys. Customer stories Succeed and grow Case studies Customer success Professional services Product support Training and
            certification Connect and engage Customer
            communities Advocacy program Developer center Spotlight Learn how Best Buy Canada realized a 20% reduction in operational costs Read more Partners Ascend to new heights with our partners Genesys delivers an ecosystem of world-class partners and alliances that enable businesses to achieve their unique goals. Partner overview Explore our partners Strategic alliances Global system integrators AppFoundry® Marketplace Find a partner Partner with Genesys Partner portal Become a partner Partnership in action Genesys received a 5-star award in the 2024 CRN Partner Program. Learn more Resources Get the resources you need Discover the latest research, reports and resources to orchestrate more connected
              experiences. All resources Explore Reports and
            guides Demos and videos Webinars and events Blogs Podcast and video series Learn Training and
            certification Product knowledge Development AI value calculator Trending Genesys named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide General Purpose Conversational Artificial Intelligence Platforms 2025 Vendor Assessment Access the excerpt Company A great partner, a great place to work Your company is in the experience business — even if you don't know it yet. Discover how an empathy-first approach is the key to lasting success with customers, employees, partners and more. More about Genesys Who we are About us News Careers Leadership Why Genesys Sustainability Awards and recognition Responsible AI Recent The Forrester Wave™: Contact Center As A Service Platforms, Q2 2025 report Get the report Log in Search Get started Start exploring Genesys today Product tours See all that Genesys has to offer Product demo Watch the Genesys Cloud platform in action Pricing and plans Find the plan that’s right for your business Or talk with a Genesys expert Start exploring Genesys today Welcome back Not You? Please provide your work email * Get a virtual tour of Genesys Cloud Schedule a demo Contact a Genesys expert View plans and pricing What would you like to do today? * Work Email * First Name * Last Name * C-Level VP Director Manager Principal Engineer / Architect Consultant Analyst Partner Staff Unknown Job Level * Claims Collections Contact Center Management Customer Experience Customer Service Ecommerce/Digital Channels Finance Human Resources Influencer Information Technology IT Architecture IT Infrastructure IVR Marketing Operations / Process Management Production Management Purchasing Sales Unknown Job Function * Company Name * Telephone * Country * State/Province * Your Website * City * Job Title * Banking Business Services Capital Markets Communications Consumer Products Defense & Intelligence Education & Non-Profit Energy & Utilities Entertainment Government Insurance Life Sciences Logistics Manufacturing Payors Providers Retailers Technology Travel & Hospitality Retail Banking Other Industry * Just researching Gathering business requirements Comparing solutions Ready for a conversation Level of Interest * 1-20 21-50 51-100 101-300 301-500 501-1000 >1000 No Contact Center Don't Know Number of Agent Seats * What are your needs? * Agent Supervisor Administrator User type * Yes. Keep me informed via email or telephone regarding Genesys information. I would like someone to reach out to me By providing your information, you agree to our privacy policy . Thank you for your interest A Genesys representative will be in contact with you
                                    shortly. Call a representative Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-6 p.m. Pacific. US: 888-GENESYS (436-3797) International: +1 650 466-1100 Fax: +1 650 466-1260 Headquarters 1302 El Camino Real, Suite 300, Menlo Park CA, 94025 See all our locations Careers Join an inclusive team that believes in sincerity, fun and supporting each other while defining the future of customer experience. Customer Support Portal Submit new support tickets and track existing ones through a single,
                                            convenient site. Genesys Knowledge Network Use this all-in-one access point to find links to resources that improve your
                                            Genesys experience. Thank you for requesting your demo A Genesys representative will reach out to you
                                    shortly to get it scheduled. While you wait… Explore how AI influences and enables Experience Orchestration Read the article See why analysts and users agree – Genesys delivers a leading platform. Get the reports Experience Genesys Cloud for yourself. Take the tour Genesys Cloud CX Digital customer engagement Genesys Cloud Web Messaging Go beyond live chat and continue the conversation 24/7 with our native asynchronous chat solution Get started Get a demo Engage and convert prospects with web messaging Say goodbye to lost conversations Answer questions and provide product information at the right moment — any time — with web messaging. Hear customer concerns the first time Seamlessly transition from a chatbot to an agent while retaining full context and visibility. Give your agents one tool that does it all Share files, start a co-browse session or escalate to a phone call with just one click through our unified desktop. Connect with customers on a channel they love — day or night No downloads, no delays Pause and pick up conversations Engage 24/7 across channels. Persistent, asynchronous messaging lets customers continue the conversation when they want without having to repeat themselves. Interact smarter with built-in AI Serve website visitors more efficiently. Enhance your web chat with bots and Agent Copilot with our easy-to-tailor conversation flows and proprietary knowledge base. Trust in security and scalability Designed for enterprise-grade security, Genesys uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) to secure and support encrypted conversations. Set up easily Configure and deploy a live chat widget in minutes. Make visual- and feature-based updates using no-code/low-code implementation — without the need for IT support. Customize fully Give administrators the power to quickly build and customize business flow logic and integrate third-party applications . Connect conversations anywhere Deliver seamless support that can span across web and mobile apps, keeping customers engaged and in context — no matter where they start the journey. 35% of consumers say live chat with an agent is their most preferred channel “The State of Customer Experience,” Fifth Edition, Genesys, 2025 Cultivate happier customers and employees with Genesys Cloud Web Messaging Customers visit your site with a goal, but sometimes they need a hand. Web messaging not only boosts satisfaction but helps convert more prospects. It’s easy to deploy, manage and scale, giving service teams greater efficiency and the power to multitask across messaging sessions. Make agents your customers’ heroes Empower agents with the tools, context and flexibility to resolve issues faster and deliver standout service. Omnichannel agent interface Meet your customers where they are. From web messaging and social media to SMS, agents can engage from a single, unified view of the customer. Confident, real-time customer engagement Unlike live chat solutions, web messaging gives your agents a real-time view of the entire customer journey through tracked web and mobile interactions and conversation history. Co-browse Provide high-touch assistance. Let agents see customers’ screens in real time as they navigate your website. Seamlessly elevate a web messaging conversation to co-browse. Authenticated web messaging Know your customers. Verify users with anytime login — no matter what browser they use. This means agents can easily personalize the customer support experience for everyone. Rich messaging experience Make engagements more robust, intuitive and free of friction. Use quick replies, cards, carousels, emojis and file attachments to resolve engagements faster. Proactive messaging Deliver empathetic experiences. Power personalized messaging conversations with contextual rules like web activity, tracked interactions and chat agent availability. See what customers are saying Read all stories “When we compare Genesys Web Messaging to our previous offering, we are closing 220% more conversations. So, we’ve actually doubled our efficiency.” Louise Phillips VP Customer Centers, Virgin Atlantic Airways Read the story “Web messaging is 25% more efficient compared to call handling, meaning we can serve more customers without increasing headcount.” Thom Kokhuis Head of Conversational Banking, Rabobank Read the story 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Contact Center as a Service Gartner named Genesys a Leader for the 11th consecutive year Get the Gartner report See what else you can do with Genesys Explore all capabilities Co-browse See why your customers are reaching out in real time. Show them how to resolve their issues. Digital customer engagement Support your teams with a comprehensive suite of digital capabilities — or with your own solution. Email Give email the attention it deserves. Upgrade your email support capabilities with management tools that are built-in to your contact center desktop. Knowledge management tools Provide the right information every time with AI-powered knowledge management tools. Messaging apps Streamline service, automate engagement and personalize customer experience with a unified messaging platform. Predictive engagement Use AI to proactively engage online customers in the moment of truth with the next-best offer or resource. SMS messaging Use familiar mobile channels to touch base with your customers without disrupting their day. Social media and messaging apps Meet your customers on the popular platforms they already use, including WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram and more. And tap into social listening capabilities to draw in public conversations. Virtual agent Make self-service better with AI-powered bots that understand the context and act like human agents to deliver a superior experience, no matter when. Work automation Use accurate, consistent data to make more informed decisions across your back office. Take your customer experience to the next level with web messaging View all resources Practical guide Practical guide to mastering SMS and messaging apps Learn how to deploy, customize and optimize SMS and messaging apps Product overview Enrich the messaging experience with Genesys Cloud Web Messaging Ebook Buyer's Guide for AI and CX Ebook Four megatrends that could threaten your contact center security Make it easy to strike up a conversation Request a free demo today. You’ll see how our cloud contact center software makes it easy to digitally enable your brand with web messaging. Start personalizing your online experience with rich, asynchronous messaging conversations on a channel your customers prefer. Welcome back Not You? Please provide your work email * Work Email * First Name * Last Name * Telephone * C-Level VP Director Manager Principal Engineer / Architect Consultant Analyst Partner Staff Unknown Job Level * Claims Collections Contact Center Management Customer Experience Customer Service Ecommerce/Digital Channels Finance Human Resources Influencer Information Technology IT Architecture IT Infrastructure IVR Marketing Operations / Process Management Production Management Purchasing Sales Unknown Job Function * Company Name * Country * State/Province * Your Website * City * Job Title * Banking Business Services Capital Markets Communications Consumer Products Defense & Intelligence Education & Non-Profit Energy & Utilities Entertainment Government Insurance Life Sciences Logistics Manufacturing Payors Providers Retailers Technology Travel & Hospitality Retail Banking Other Industry * Just researching Gathering business requirements Comparing solutions Ready for a conversation Level of Interest * 1-20 21-50 51-100 101-300 301-500 501-1000 >1000 No Contact Center Don't Know Number of Agent Seats * Yes. Keep me informed via email or telephone regarding Genesys information. I would like someone to reach out to me By providing your information, you agree to our privacy policy . Thank you for your interest. We’ll contact you directly to set up a date and time that works with your schedule. Frequently asked questions What’s the difference between website chat software and web messaging? Web messaging, also known as asynchronous chat or asynchronous messaging, lets agents interact with customers to solve issues quickly. It uses asynchronous communication, meaning that customers can engage with your brand at any time, on any device. And if a customer pauses a conversation and resumes it later, the history remains for the customer and agent. Synchronous live chat or web chat provides short-lived, standalone chats that require an agent to interact in real-time with the customer. It has a beginning and an end for each conversation, typically with immediate responses. Note: Genesys Cloud Web Messaging is the name of our native 24/7 asynchronous chat solution. Although it is asynchronous, end users do have an option to clear a current conversation. To increase operational efficiency, this also disconnects any pending conversation currently in queue or handled by agents. What communication channels are customers using most? In the past year, more consumers worldwide used a digital channel to interact with an organization than used the voice channel. In fact, some 72% of consumers used email for a customer experience (CX) interaction, while 68% called a contact center, according to “The State of Customer Experience” report. Chatbots and messaging apps also continue to increase in popularity for CX interactions. This is a landmark moment. Digital is no longer on the periphery as an alternative channel to voice. It’s now critical for organizations to have a connected voice and digital strategy that empowers customers across their journey. It’s now critical for organizations to have a connected voice and digital strategy that empowers customers across their journey. Why is native asynchronous functionality important? Native asynchronous functionality enables you to have 24/7 web presence through a messaging app. For example, if a customer decides to change pages or close the native Genesys Messenger window, the conversation persists. Customers can engage with an agent after the contact center is closed or self-serve through a bot, search FAQs using the Messenger Knowledge Search App, or they can schedule a callback from the next-available live agent. Why do companies use live chat? While companies might be looking to implement live chat software, they are actually in need of web messaging. Here’s four reasons why companies use web messaging over live chat: 24/7 web presence If a customer decides to change pages, or close the messenger window, the conversation persists. This means you can be responsive at any time, even if the contact center is closed. Easy to deploy and customize With an option for no-code or low-code deployment, businesses of any size can quickly implement web messaging without relying on IT teams or expensive software development resources. Never miss an online opportunity You can engage proactively based on the customer journey. Cost savings You’ll reduce operational costs because you won’t need as large a support team as you would to manage real-time chats. You’ll also save through more efficient use of resources. What are the benefits of web messaging for customers? Web messaging is convenient and accessible. Customers like being able to engage at their own pace and on their own schedules, without being tied to real-time conversations. And because web messaging is an “anywhere, anytime” solution, it’s ideal for 24/7 communication whenever it’s convenient for customers – and even across different devices, whether desktop or mobile web browsers. In addition to other live chat tools, customers can enjoy richer, personalized and actionable conversations with brands through web messaging. Give your customers a more interactive digital experience using rich messaging and free them from the drudgery of typing long messages. And because you’ll have holistic customer profiles and customer journey data, you’ll know exactly who you’re talking to and why they’re reaching out. Customers don’t have to start their interaction from scratch every time they reach out. What’s the difference between web messaging and mobile messaging in Genesys Cloud? Web messaging allows you to engage customers directly through your website. Mobile messaging (in-app messaging) refers to messaging embedded directly within your mobile app (iOS or Android) using the Genesys Cloud SDK. It brings the same asynchronous, persistent experience into the mobile environment, allowing users to initiate and resume conversations seamlessly without leaving the app. Naturally, there are differences in implementation between the two. Web messaging is deployed by adding a script to your website and configuring it via the Genesys Cloud admin UI. Mobile messaging requires SDK integration into your mobile app and may involve additional development resources for branding and customization. Are web and mobile messaging experiences the same for agents? Both types of messaging appear in the agent desktop as part of the unified inbox. Agents can handle web and mobile conversations using the same workflows, routing logic and interaction history. Why would I use both web and mobile messaging from Genesys Cloud? Offering both web and mobile messaging helps ensure coverage across digital touchpoints and caters to customer preference. Customers browsing on a desktop can engage via your website, while mobile users can connect through your app. Furthermore, for authenticated customers, these conversations can persist across devices. For example, an authenticated customer can ask a support question on their laptop via a website and web messaging. They can later go on your mobile app and continue this same exact conversation, seeing their prior responses. What is the difference between AI chat and live chat? Live chat connects a customer directly to a human customer service agent in real time; AI chat connects the customer to a chatbot that can either help solve the customer’s issue or escalate to a human agent. In many — but not all — cases, AI chat can be the first step in a customer’s service journey. AI chat and live chat work well in tandem, as parts of a cohesive end-to-end customer experience. AI chatbots are available 24/7/365 without increasing the strain on a customer service team, and automation can easily handle many of the simple and mundane questions that don’t necessarily require human brainpower. A well-programmed AI has a wide range of information available to it, and with regular upkeep and consistent work, an AI bot will learn and improve over time. Recent advances in AI also mean that today’s bots are not only smarter than ever, but more able to mimic empathy in a way that makes the customer experience more pleasant. If a human agent does need to get involved, that transition is also easier than ever, especially with the help of AI. A customer’s journey can be analyzed and described to an agent, so that they have the best possible idea of how best to help. All the information the agent needs, from the customer’s purchase history to likely next steps based on similar past interactions, can be pulled from locations like your CRM system and is put at their fingertips. And AI analytics helps to build a better picture of your customer. Live chat and AI chat, therefore, can both be important parts of a comprehensive, well-orchestrated end-to-end customer experience. How can messaging be used to make the customer experience more engaging? Rich messaging is a great way to personalize and improve engagements. Instead of having to type long messages, you can send and receive multiple types of media content to make your customer and agent experiences richer, more intuitive and free of friction. With web messaging, they’ll be able to use quick replies, cards, carousels, emojis and file attachments. Whether it’s a conversation with a human agent or a chatbot, it’s important that the customer feels that it’s more than a script they’re engaging with. Messaging is often the first line of customer service — the more pleasant the experience, the more likely it is that the customer will walk away happy, whether the issue needs to be escalated or not. What’s the best way to personalize web engagements? Today’s customer expects a personalized experience from end to end, without having to repeat the same questions and personal information throughout their journey. With holistic customer profiles and customer journey information, your agents will know exactly who they’re talking to and why. That same information can help agents know when it’s best to engage proactively. By using our natively integrated Genesys Cloud Co-browse capability, agents can also gain a better understanding of customers’ needs by elevating the existing web messaging conversation to co-browse seamlessly – and still part of the original interaction. Agents will guide them through the most complex transactions – boosting the customer experience and improving conversion rates. What’s the difference between co-browse and screen sharing? Both co-browsing and screen-sharing technology allow remote parties to view the same screen. In the case of a contact center, those parties would be the customer and the service agent. But co-browsing offers a number of additional key features that screen-share lacks. Screen-share technology is what it claims to be — it simply allows a remote user to see your screen. In addition to viewing the same screen, though, co-browse provides a more immersive and collaborative experience. Co-browsing allows the agent to use tools ranging from drawing and annotation to taking over control of the screen. All of this means the customer service agent can resolve customer issues more quickly, while reducing frustration and building customer satisfaction. Are push notifications supported for async chat? Yes, Genesys Cloud supports mobile push notifications as a key component of asynchronous web messaging. They help maintain engagement by notifying users of new messages even when they’re offline or have left the app. As a result, this helps ensure important updates aren’t missed and encourages timely re-engagement. Talk to Genesys today Contact us English (US) Deutsch English (UK) English (APAC) Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português Products Genesys Cloud CX Genesys Cloud EX AppFoundry All platform capabilities Pricing Demo Support Login Product support Professional services Communities Training and certification Developer Center System status Resources Reports and guides Demos and videos Webinars and events Blog Podcast All resources Experience orchestration Contact center software Customer stories Definitions Partners Partner overview Strategic alliances System integrators Partner portal Company Careers Global offices Leadership Sustainability Trust Center Awards Newsroom Legal Connect with Genesys Stay connected with the latest articles, industry stories, product updates and more. Subscribe to newsletter Terms of use Privacy policy Email subscription Accessibility Sitemap Cookie settings Copyright © 2025 Genesys. All rights reserved.