Skip to content
Platform
Solutions
Resources
Customers
Partners
About
Watch Demo
Contact Us
Select Language

Announcement:
 BeyondTrust a 7X Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader for Privileged Access Management! Access the Report Now

Some follow the hype.
Security leaders read the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for PAM.
Gain clarity on the PAM market and understand why BeyondTrust is again a Leader.
Choose your path
Get The Report Now
Contact Us
Today’s Battleground in Identity Security

00:01:59
Know and Defend Your Identity Attack Surface

Paths to Privilege™ are your organization’s most critical risk exposure points. These paths enable attackers to gain footholds, compromise identities, escalate privileged access, and move laterally to undermine your infrastructure itself. Some paths are known, others are unknown and vulnerable. And they are everywhere.

BeyondTrust empowers you with holistic visibility, simplified management, intelligent protection, and the most modern privileged access management (PAM) control plane to protect against identity-based threats.

Defend your IT estate better every day

As the only analyst-recognized leader in both PAM and ITDR, we are uniquely poised to help you transform your identity security.

Gain Cross-Domain Visibility of Identities
Break down your identity silos to unify visibility for identities across IT and OT, from cloud to on-premises. Discover all human / nonhuman identities, privileged accounts and credentials, DevOps secrets, devices, and access—across every domain.
Discover All Your Identity Risk Pathways
Surface nested privileges, over-privileged identities, dormant accounts, identity misconfigurations, and other blind spots. Connect the dots across your entire identity estate. Benefit from ML and AI-powered insights to prioritize the risk and blast radius of each path to privilege.
Condense Your Identity Attack Surface and Threat Windows
Attackers can’t exploit what isn’t there. Proactively remove or harden paths that could escalate access, and reduce identity-based risks. Operationalize just-in-time access, and right-size authorization for all users, sessions, applications, machines, and endpoints to ensure least privilege and support Zero Trust.
Respond to Identity Threats​ with Velocity and Precision
Know the instant your world changes—and when it matters. Benefit from AI-powered detections paired with easy-to-understand guidance that puts your risk in clear context, and how to address it. Flex our powerful PAM control plane and third-party integrations to harden your security posture, stop attacks, and boost cyber resilience.
Trusted to Protect 20,000 Customers Around the World​
 
 
 
Validated by Experts, Loved by Customers​
BeyondTrust is recognized by industry analysts, certified by security associations, and ranked a leader by customers​.​

Named a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Privileged Access Management (PAM) – 7 times in a row

Learn More

Named a Leader in the The Forrester Wave™: Privileged Identity Management, receiving the highest scores possible in 13 criteria

Learn More

Named a Leader in the KuppingerCole Enterprise Secrets Management Leadership Compass in all 4 areas – Overall, Product, Innovation, & Market

Learn More
Accelerate Your Security Strategy and Success​
Leverage our Partner Ecosystem of hundreds of leading technology vendors and integrators to supercharge your security investments.
Find a Partner
Resources
Documents
Webinars
Blog
Media
Research
Buyer’s Guide for Complete Privileged Access Management (PAM)
Resources
Paths to Privilege Explained
Research
2025 GigaOm Radar for Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management (CIEM)
Load More
Take the Next Step to Elevate Your Cyber Resilience 

Get detailed product, pricing, and technical information directly from our experts. 

Loading...

I agree to receive product related communications from BeyondTrust as detailed in the Privacy Policy, and I may manage my preferences or withdraw my consent at any time.

middle name  favorite color 
Products
BeyondTrust Pathfinder Platform
Identity Security Insights
Password Safe
Privileged Remote Access
Endpoint Privilege Management
Entitle
Total PASM
Remote Support
Active Directory Bridge
Solutions
By Use Case
By Industry
IT Compliance
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Competitor Comparisons
Glossary
Podcast
Research & Reports
Technical Documentation
Videos & Demos
Webinars
All Resources
Free Tools
Identity Security Risk Assessment
Customers
Professional Services
Technical Account Management
Health Checks
BeyondTrust University
Customer Support
Customer Events
Partners
Find a Partner
Technology Alliances
Become a Partner
About
Job Listings
44
Employee Life
Leadership Team
Press & Media
Awards & Recognition
Trust Center
Modern Anti-Slavery Statement
Keep up with BeyondTrust
Subscribe

I agree to receive product related communications from BeyondTrust as detailed in the Privacy Policy, and I may manage my preferences or withdraw my consent at any time.

middle name  favorite color 
Customer Support
Get Started
LinkedIn
X
Facebook
Instagram
Add BeyondTrust as a preferred source on Google
Privacy
Security
Manage Cookies
Do Not Sell My Data
WEEE Compliance

Copyright © 2003 — 2025 BeyondTrust Corporation. All rights reserved. Other trademarks identified on this page are owned by their respective owners. BeyondTrust Corporation is not a chartered bank or trust company, or depository institution. It is not authorized to accept deposits or trust accounts and is not licensed or regulated by any state or federal banking authority.

− ×
On-Demand Webinar: AI Hacking: Weaponizing Enterprise Agents

BeyondTrust Phantom Labs™ researchers walk you through a real-world breach scenario where enterprise agents leak secrets and grant unauthorized access to cloud infrastructure - despite standard protections in place.

Watch Now