 +44 (0) 118 403 2020 sales@validity.com Help Center Customer Community
 Search
GET A DEMO
Overview
Resources
Support
Sign In

Generate more revenue and increase the lifetime value of your database.

Important Update from Return Path

Return Path was acquired by Validity in 2019, but the platform is no longer available for sale. Instead, Return Path has joined 250ok and BriteVerify as part of Validity, bringing together decades of email marketing leadership. We’ve combined our expertise and learnings from thousands of customers to create Everest – a more powerful email success platform.

Everest builds upon the cutting-edge technology and functionality of the Return Path Platform, offering broader data coverage from expanded partnerships, access to features never seen in the Return Path Platform, and advanced capabilities to help you succeed in the ever-changing email marketing landscape.

See how Everest provides crucial insights and deliverability guidance to help you get more messages to more people, stand out in a crowded inbox, and execute better campaigns faster.

LEARN MORE ABOUT EVEREST

“Every new or established brand should be using Everest. It doesn’t matter what you’re trying to say in your emails—if they’re not reaching the inbox, no one is listening or reading. Everest gives you the insight you need to understand your inbox placement, reputation and so much more.”

Mark Anderson, Senior Salesforce Automation Manager
GoCompare

See why marketers choose Everest to boost email performance and improve the efficiency of their program.
Become the hero of your marketing team.

Set up time with one of our guides today to see how Everest will help you get more opens, clicks, and conversions from your email marketing program.

SCHEDULE A DEMO
How can we help? Contact us.
   
PRODUCTS
BriteVerify
DemandTools
Litmus
Product Downloads
SOLUTIONS
Validity for Email
Data Management
Sales Productivity
RESOURCES
Blog
Customers
Path Forward
Resource Center
COMPANY
About
Careers
Newsroom
Contact
Anti-Slavery Policy
IP & Trademarks
Terms
Privacy
Sitemap
CONTACT
Schedule a demo
Contact us
Help Center
Locations

© 2025 Validity. All Rights Reserved.