Play Book of Ra Real Money Slot | Book-of-Ra-Play.com The game is available only for registered users Sign Up 1 place Mega Moolah - 4850 USD Sherr* 2 place Book of Ra De... - 4014 USD Edwar* 3 place Book Of Ra De... - 3497 USD Rober* Jackpot $ 5 5 5 4 8 5 3 Play now BOOK OF RA REAL MONEY BOOK OF RA SOUTH AFRICA BOOK OF RA United Kingdom BOOK OF RA REAL MONEY USA TOP partners Enjoy the great line-up of slots and live casino! Play no deposit slot and win big! More than 200 free slots at 777spinslot Register now and benefit from exclusive brand promotions and tournaments! Welcome bonus up to £140 at 888 casino! Register and get your 100% bonus! Demo Play Real Play Play for real money Play Book of Ra Online For Real Money Facebook Twitter The Book of Ra slot online real money is one of the most played machines that crossed over from the traditional land games to the online version. From the online casinos, the Book of Ra machine also got to the mobile world where it also makes waves. It is from the Novomatic software developers and comes with 5 reels and 9 paylines. It is the version that precedes the Book of Ra Deluxe and some other versions. This game was launched on the 7th of March 2005, with the theme ‘Ancient Egypt’. It has an RTP of 96%, a jackpot payout of 25,000 credits, and you can play with min and max coin sizes of 0.02 to 5. There is no bonus game in the Book of Ra slot, there is no progressive jackpot and no multiplier. It comes with scatter, wild, and autoplay options, coupled with some free spins. Please note! Regrettably, UK players are presently unable to play Book Of Ra for real money at an online casino sites in Great Britain. Nevertheless, this circumstance presents an exciting opportunity to explore something different! But you can similar Book of Dead slot for real money . Let’s play the game and please leave a review of the slot. The theme of the Book of Ra slot is that of exploration mission that takes an ancient explorer from the Americas to Egypt. He went there in search of the Book of Ra, which was hidden in one of the ancient pyramids. So, here, the entire ancient Egyptian myths are fused together with the modern day adventure tale. The simple method of the classic games is mixed with mystery, danger, and suspense like in the modern thriller films. The Book of Ra online casino real money game won the award of the most played game in many countries including Germany. It can be played freely online through flash and the app can also be downloaded. Now, one thing about this version of the Book of Ra online slot is that you are given the chance to have fun while you win huge money. This game has become so popular because of its unique features. read more Top sites for playing Book of Ra slot game № Casino Where to play? Bonus info 1 Book of Ra at 777SpinSlot 100% Bonus + Free spins 2 Book of Ra at BellfruitCasino 100% Bonus + Free spins 3 Book of Ra at GaminatorSlots £200 + Free spins 4 Book of Ra at Slots777 100% Bonus + 100 Free spins 5 Book of Ra at StarGames 100% Bonus Video Overview Released 2005 Software Novomatic Rolls 5 Paylines 10 Minimum Bet 1 per line Maximum Bet 500 per line Play for money! Screenshots The team of reviewers from our portal discovered many versions of this game. From the time the classic edition of the Book of Ra real money slot came into the market in 2005 till now, many versions of the game have been developed. In fact, there have been up to 8 versions since then. However, one thing is very obvious. The Book of Ra slots do not come with many special or huge changes. The changes are mostly made to the outlook and interface and a few of the features, symbols, bonuses, and icons. The names of the games under the Book of Ra line are: Book of Ra classic – 7 March 2005 Egyptian Experience – 11 April 2006 Pharaoh’s Gold II – 23 January 2007 Book of Ra Deluxe – 11 April 2008 Secret of Egypt – 15 July 2009 Dynasty of Ra – 29 January 2014 Kingdom Of Ra – 4 February 2014 Age of Pharaohs – 5 March 2014 Book of Ra Deluxe 6 – 31 August 2015 Many people are wondering what makes the Book of Ra slot very popular and why many people like to play different versions of the game. Our expert reviewers discovered that the major reason lies in the special feature round of the game which is unique to it. Besides the brilliant graphics and oriental sounds you will enjoy when you play the Book of Ra for real money machine, you will also get that feeling of rising tension. This is due to the traditional nature that takes you back through nostalgia to the traditional setting. This thrilling experience keeps bringing back the players. There is also a possibility of enjoying very high stakes and frequent winnings here. Of course, everybody plays these games to win. The Book of Ra pays huge amounts of money regularly, and people love to win. Information about Bonuses, Special Available Options, Benefits & Features While we have said that the Book of Ra casino slot has no bonus games and rounds, you can have some features that offer advantages and benefits. These may be huge enough to be called bonuses. There is a jackpot here, which you can win when you land 5 of the explorer symbols on a single line. But for you to win this, you must be playing with a maximum bet on all the winning lines available. Now, when you land 3 or more of the Book of Ra symbols on the reels, you will enjoy 10 free spins. This is the next bonus available here. When the free spins are activated, you will be welcomed by an expanding wild. This symbol appears at random and can fill up to 3 positions on the reel when it appears. This makes the Book of Ra free spins very unique. The next bonus is the gamble feature, and this works just like the other gamble features you know. When you win, you are given the chance to predict the color of a face-down card. If you predict the actual color of the selected card, your winnings will be doubled. If you fail, you will lose the money you have won. You can actually win real money here. But that is when you deposit and play with real money. How to Play Book of Ra Online Real Money The Book of Ra slot online will take you into the dark old tomb of the ancient Egyptian heroes to see what it is you can unearth there. There are many features to aid you in doing this. Now, from what the editorial team of our portal found out, when you are ready to enjoy the Book of Ra slot, you have to start by setting your bankroll. You do this with the – and + signs. You can choose between 0.02 and 5.00 per line in the Book of Ra slot. You use the same buttons to change the number of active paylines. You can choose between 1 and 9 lines. The best for you here would be 7 lines. When you are through with the Book of Ra protocols, you can hit the spin or play button. You can bet from 1 to 900 coins in general per spin. When the reels stop spinning and you win, you can enjoy the gamble feature. If you win on the Book of Ra slot paylines, you will get a very generous reward. With the 5 archaeologists, for example, you get to enjoy a 5,000 multiplier of whatever you staked. But it is the scatter feature that gives you the real money. When you land up to 3 of these, you get the free spins. When you do, there will be a flinging of the pages of the book to reveal the symbol that will expand when you enjoy these free gifts. This is a very generous and high paying side of the Book of Ra. The Book of Ra slot, just like many others, comes with a lot of symbols and features. The major symbols you will enjoy here are numerous, as discovered by our editors. They include the gold statues, sphinx, scarabs, explorer, Tutankhamen, and Book of Ra, which is both the scatter and wild symbol. And as the wild, it can give a winning combination by pairing with any other symbol. Playing Book of Ra on Mobile The Book of Ra original slot can also be enjoyed on mobile devices through the special Book of Ra casino slot mobile app. Here, it comes with the same theme and symbols. It was launched in 2014, and it has a very high level of volatility. On the mobile version, the coins range is 0.04 to 4.00, while the bet range is 0.36 to 36. Here, you can win a maximum of 180,000 credits. This version can be enjoyed on Android, Windows, and iOS compatible devices. Where Players Can Enjoy This Slot Game The Book of Ra real money online casino is one that captivates people. In fact, if you call yourself a serious casino online and you have not started offering the Book of Ra free play and real money version, you are not serious. So, this classic version of the game can be played in all major casinos around. They include the Stan James Casino, Quasar Gaming, William Hill, LVbet, Mybet, NetEnt, and 1xBet. Now, besides the differences that come with the bonuses offered by these casinos, there are no fundamental changes or differences. The disparity between the Book of Ra real money games played in any of these casinos is nonexistent. Seriousness, Security, and Payment Options of Book of Ra The Book of Ra casino game is developed by the Novomatic group. So, it comes with the same features anywhere you play it. Now, when it comes to the seriousness of the game, the security, and the payment options, it is not something the slot itself determines. The casinos that offer this game are the ones that determine these. Game History It was on the 7th of March 2005 that the first and original version of the Book of Ra slot online for real money came into being. Since that day, it has garnered fans from all over the world, with Germany being its major catchment area. Many other versions followed suit. According to the team of our portal, there have been 8 of these since then. They include the Egyptian Experience in 2006, Pharaoh’s Gold II in 2007, Book of Ra Deluxe in 2008, and Secret of Egypt in 2009. Others are Dynasty of Ra, Kingdom of Ra, and Age of Pharaohs in 2014. The last is the Book of Ra Deluxe 6 that came out on 31 August 2015. FAQ about the Book of Ra Slot Are there fundamental differences between the Book of Ra versions? This is one question that many people ask about these slot variants. But the fact is that their differences lie more in the outlook than the features. The bets and coin ranges, and even winning amounts may also differ, but the symbols, icons, and features are always the same. How can I learn to play the Book of Ra epic game? Many may fall in love with the game and want to learn how to play it. This brought about the demo or free play version. This is offered in all major casinos, and you can use this site to learn and master the slot. Can I win real money playing the Book of Ra classic? Yes, you can win real money. But that will only happen when you deposit real money. In some cases, you may also be given some bonuses. Conclusion Now, the fact is that the Book of Ra classic is a very volatile game. So, there may be long periods without big wins. But when you hit these wins, you will surely enjoy them. So, you are advised to manage your bankroll properly. If you bet small amounts on several lines, you will have a better shot at winning. The Book of Ra is a simple slot, but it is rewarding. The sound, gameplay, and images in the Book of Ra slot online are like that of the brick and mortar version of this game. So, its old brick and mortar version lovers will enjoy every bit of the online thing too. With the only bonus game in this casino, you can still have huge benefits. Pros Generous staking system Very simple gameplay Brings in a nostalgic feeling with its sound and images Huge payouts Cons Lack of bonuses When you open the Book of Ra online game for real cash portal, it will be very difficult for you to close it because of what it represents. It is a really good player-friendly game to enjoy. It does not break your bankroll and there are no complicated processes. Enjoy it. Facebook Twitter Play for money! Try our slot machines: Book of Ra Real Money Demo Sizzling Hot Deluxe Demo Mega Moolah Demo Lord of the ocean Demo Funky Fruit Demo Book of Ra Deluxe Demo Sizzling Hot Demo Dolphin’s Pearl Demo Mega Joker Demo Last Articles Book of Ra Fixed read more Book of Ra Slot Machine Cheats read more Book of Ra Hack read more Comments Send Tori Ezell 17 November 2024 11:09 The Book of Ra online offers a variety of options that you get to enjoy since it has nine betting lines that you can chose and bet up to nine credits. Thus for every spin that you get, you can bet from 1-81 credits. DeidraLathan 14 September 2024 16:47 Book of Ra is one of the best video slot games ever made and the reason for that is obvious. It has brought a lot of good features to the slot industry and it has a good RTP ratio. DavisLieb 15 August 2024 09:14 Unlike some of the more modern slot machines the Book of Ra online slots don’t really come with any bonus games to participate in. The only thing that you have to look forward to besides winning prizes is the free spin system and the gamble system that’s built into the game. DudleyFelipe 11 May 2024 13:25 This slot offers betting limits that range from 1 to 900 coins per spin. Therefore, if you’re on a budget and are looking for low limit games that you can still enjoy playing, this game would certainly be one to consider. AlvaroCorey 12 April 2024 17:30 The Book of Ra Slot is all about the free spins game and was actually one of the first online slots to offer this feature. It also has some handy wilds and scatters plus a nice gamble feature. Retha Barbour 14 December 2023 15:12 Unlike some of the more modern slot machines, the Book of Ra online slots doesn’t really come with any bonus games for players to participate in. The only thing that you have to look forward to besides winning prizes is the free spin system and the gamble system that’s built into the game. Nan Mott 16 September 2023 18:29 In recent years, the Book of Ra slot game has become one of the most popular in Europe and is also constantly gaining popularity in the United States and other parts of the world. FidelLyle 28 July 2023 11:10 The Book of Ra real money game is a good solid slot machine for beginners and advanced players alike. It comes with a variety of payline options to pick from to mix up prize chances.It also has the gamble feature and free spin feature to give you additional decisions to make along the way to your ultimate prize. Marquis 07 May 2023 15:24 This gaminator is notable for a keen graphics, sound bonus games, an excellent algorithm. All of these allow me to say that Book of Ra is one of the best games in the modern history of slot machines. Cleo Coats 18 January 2023 20:11 If you prefer the old styled slot machines, Book of Ra might appeal more to you than the deluxe version, as it looks way older and have some simpler sounds and graphics. However, the maximal potential win is the same for both versions. Blake Milewski 06 January 2023 13:48 Book of Ra has a very good audio! And this game has super potential during free spins as you get 1 mystery symbol to work as a random scatter so you don’t need to hit you symbols on a line, you need to hit 5 anywhere for max payout of up to a 5000x bet! Read More Comments Characteristics Autostart Bonus Game Multiplayer Free Spins Progressive Wild Symbol Play for money! TOP 5 CASINO 1 5 /5 Review 2 4,9 /5 Reveiw 3 4,8 /5 Review 4 4,8 /5 Reveiw 5 4,8 /5 Review John Darling Chief editor Let’s Get Acquainted with John Darling Born: May 11 1983 in Brentwood Address: 1792 Northumberland Dr , Brentwood Education: West Virginia University Mail: [email protected] Level of Expertise in Casino Reporting: 6 Job: Best Content Creator John Darling is a seasoned professional with a proven track record of creating captivating brand content. Having worked 6+ years in banking, real estate, gaming, and healthcare, John is an authority in various areas. In 2014, he changed gaming and casinos' spheres as an editor at Book-of-ra-play.com, establishing his expertise. Now, John is on a mission to leave no casino unchecked. With his knowledge and abilities at his side, we're committed to giving players the most thorough comparisons of all their available choices. John has also learned that the internet is the ideal medium for expressing his love of gambling since it provides countless opportunities and creative freedom. Getting the opportunity to contribute as a writer at Book-of-ra-play.com, John approaches each review and story with seriousness and love, ensuring that his work is truly decent. 04.01.2025 10 8 6 4 2 8 / 10 Votes: 41 BOOK OF RA REAL MONEY ONLINE CASINOS ONLINE SLOTS MOBILE CASINO CONTACT US SUBMIT CASINO Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Gambling Addiction book-of-ra-play.com © 2025 18+ If you are under 18 and gambling for money is banned in your country, play for free! Respect the laws of your state! Play For Real Money