Booking System & Reservation Software That Drives Growth | Bookeo Home Our Products Appointments Tours & Activities Classes & Courses Pricing News Sign In Free Trial English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Bookeo Appointments Bookeo Classes & Courses Bookeo Tours & Activities Booking software to manage and grow your business Bookeo offers a full stack of booking and reservation systems tailored to suit all types of businesses. Bookeo streamlines client scheduling, processes bookings and payments, sends automatic reminders, manages waivers and markets your business. try for free BOOKEO APPOINTMENTS Designed for service providers and consultants who offer individual appointments and group workshops. Perfect for salons, spas, therapists, hairdressers, nail salons, photographers, kids’ parties, car washes and more. LEARN MORE BOOKEO CLASSES & COURSES Designed for schools and teachers who offer private and group classes, courses, workshops and appointments. Perfect for language and cooking schools, art courses, yoga, dance, tutoring and more. LEARN MORE BOOKEO TOURS & ACTIVITIES Designed for guided tour and activity providers who offer private and group tours and activities. Perfect for guided tours, escape rooms, charters, axe throwing, fishing tours, archery, helicopter tours and more. LEARN MORE Organize and grow your business Accept bookings anywhere, anytime, with online booking software. Say goodbye to double bookings or scribbled notes. Reduce costly no-shows. Grow with flexible marketing tools like prepaid packages, gift vouchers and memberships. Get started → All your bookings and payments in one place Whenever customers book and pay online, your dashboard immediately updates your availability and all booking and payment details in real-time. Easily record in-store and phone bookings and payments. In-store tap and swipe payments automatically display in your dashboard with our integrated POS payment system. Get started → New add-on Streamlined, paperless check-ins with digital waivers Streamline your waiver management by allowing customers to complete waivers online before arriving, in-store using the Kiosk app or by scanning the waiver kiosk’s QR code. Once signed, waivers instantly appear on your dashboard and are automatically connected to customer profiles and bookings, making it easy to spot any missing waivers. Staff are immediately notified when a waiver is signed, and digital copies are automatically sent to both the customer and staff members. Get started → Simple pricing. No hidden fees. No consumer fees Bookeo’s booking system does not charge additional fees to your customers. The price you set is the price your customer pays. No commissions, no fees on bookings Bookeo does not charge commissions or flat fees on bookings. No lock-in contract Enjoy the freedom of a no lock in contract with the convenience of a month-to-month subscription. Get started → Powering scheduling worldwide We’ve been working closely with our clients to build Bookeo’s powerful yet user-friendly online reservation system for businesses like yours. We’ve grown to serve thousands of businesses in more than 120 countries in over 35 languages. 37 billion client booking revenue 104 million bookings processed 42 thousand active users Booking software to match your business Our super-flexible online booking systems are perfect for beauty salons, yoga studios, therapists, escape rooms, boat tours, car washes, and more. Spa Escape Rooms Consultations Massage Therapists Yoga Boat Tours Salon Swim Schools See more business types → Our customers are raving fans Every day, thousands of large and small businesses grow with Bookeo. “Bookeo is the backbone of our business. We have a year-on-year 20% growth, and that’s due to Bookeo’s efficiency.” — Ribride Adventure Boat Tours Read the story → “We photograph about 4,000 high schools kids a year, so essentially that’s 4,000 less phone calls that we’re going to make.” — Boyd Anderson Photography Read the story → Expand your business It’s easy to automate processes, boost Bookeo’s power and get more bookings. Integrations Bookeo integrates with payment gateways, website builders, social, ecommerce, email, calendars, accounting, Deal of the Day and more. Learn more → Distribution Channels Be found by more prospects on major distribution channels and OTAs that help you optimize revenue, drive bookings, and maximize profitability. Learn more → Developer API With the Bookeo API, developers can extend the capabilities of Bookeo’s booking platform, and integrate it with external services and business processes. Learn more → We’re here to help you Outstanding Customer Support Bookeo’s in-house customer support is passionate about helping you customize our booking software to your exact needs. Our extensive knowledge of the industries we serve means we’re always ready to help you in any way, from answering your specific questions to providing suggestions on how to implement your unique requirements. Visit Support Centre → Bookeo scales with you No matter how big or small your business, our online booking software scales to your needs comfortably. Get started → Bookeo Rocks! Check out these unsolicited industry reviews. Bookeo is one of the best of the appointment solutions I have experienced so far. Why? Because they got it right. Simple as that. 9/10. Not only do they have the basic tools such as building or importing a customer database, creating class or appointment times and managing an appointment calendar, Bookeo also has a very comprehensive marketing section. - Getapp The application is a near-perfect mix of simplicity and robust functionality. Bookeo offers quite a substantial feature set. Its most striking capabilities concern its wide marketing solutions, though it’s also notably flexible in both payment and scheduling options, creates great reports, and supports international users. - Merchant Maverick BOOKEO APPOINTMENTS Perfect for salons, spas, therapists, hairdressers, nail salons, photographers, kids’ parties, car washes and more. Learn more → BOOKEO CLASSES & COURSES Perfect for language and cooking schools, art courses, yoga, dance, tutoring and more. Learn more → BOOKEO TOURS & ACTIVITIES Perfect for guided tours, escape rooms, charters, axe throwing, fishing tours, archery, helicopter tours and more. Learn more → Previous Next Start your free 30-day trial today Explore all the online booking features you need to organize, automate and grow your business. try for free FAQ What is a booking system? A booking system helps you run your business by streamlining and automating various operations. It automates and improves day-to-day operations, including bookings, scheduling, payments, automatic reminders, staff management, marketing your services, and managing waivers. Automating these business processes with a booking software saves time and improves efficiency, allowing you to focus more on your services, customer relationships and growing your business. An online booking system collects and stores data for you and lets you access it 24/7, from any device. You can also opt to restrict access to authorized staff members, and set which bookings each staff member can see and manage. What industries can benefit from Bookeo’s booking system and how does it work? Bookeo offers 3 products targeted at different target audiences: Bookeo Appointments : designed for professional services offering appointment bookings, such as beauty salons , massage therapists , service businesses , kids parties and gaming trucks/parties. Bookeo Classes and Courses : perfect for schools, studios and teachers who want to manage classes registrations and payments. For example, yoga and Pilates studios, language schools and cooking classes Bookeo Tours and Activities : designed for outdoor and indoor tour and activity providers. For example, guided city tours, escape rooms , boat tours , food and wine tours. Service providers, schools and instructors, and tour companies that take one-on-one or group bookings, and want to spend less time on the phone, have an organized calendar, avoid double bookings and better run their small and medium business can benefit from Bookeo’s booking software. Bookeo is extremely flexible and easy to use for your staff and your customers. Your Bookeo dashboard displays up-to-date booking so you can keep track of your daily schedule and never miss a beat. Bookeo’s booking platform offers powerful features – with a simple, flexible interface, as well as seamless integration with Group On, WordPress, MailChimp, and more. Your clients will love being able to book, cancel, and reschedule their own bookings online 24/7 without having to call you. What are the benefits of a booking system? A booking system lets you and your staff focus on your customers and grow your business instead of spending time on the phone and on repetitive manual administrative tasks. It helps reduce double-bookings and no-shows, automatically sends email and txt reminders to your customers, and allows you to securely collect bookings and payments online and in-store. A booking software also lets you customize the availability of your team with the days and times each staffer is available and blocking out days when they take time off. In addition, you and your staff members can sync your booking system calendar with your personal calendars, like Google Calendar, Apple Ical and Outlook. How do I get started with Bookeo’s booking software? To get started with Bookeo’s booking software, sign up for a free 30-day trial account – no credit card is required. Select the Bookeo product you want to use, add your business details, staff, and services. Set your services description and upload images and videos that showcase your services. To accept online bookings 24/7, you can use Bookeo’s customizable appointment booking page or you can integrate the Bookeo widget on your website, so your customers can make bookings right from your website – without overlays or popups. The Bookeo widget integrates seamlessly into any HTML site, including WordPress , Wix , GoDaddy , Shopify , Webflow , and Weebly . For a professionally branded booking experience, you can customize the colors and style of your booking page to match your logo and website and also select one of Bookeo’s gorgeous booking page layout templates. If you want to accept online payments, simply integrate one of the supported payment gateways. Now Bookeo’s booking system will take bookings for you, 24/7. Can Bookeo help me increase my bookings? Bookeo’s booking software offers powerful integrated marketing features that help you get more bookings and grow revenue. Use our booking software to easily upsell your services with add-ons and merchandise. Run promotions when you launch a new service, or during slower days and times of the week. Sell prepaid service packages (such as 5 massages at the price of 4) which offer more value for your clients while allowing you to get paid upfront. Prepaid service packages also help build customer loyalty, increasing repeat visits. Sell gift vouchers online and in-store to boost sales and drive additional revenue for your business. Products Appointment Scheduling Software Classes & Courses Scheduling Software Tours & Activities Scheduling Software Company About Us News Contact Us Customer Stories Technical Integrations Distribution Channels Hosting & Security Developers API Support Centre Industries Business types Massage Salon Pet grooming Health and Wellness Fitness Yoga Escape rooms Boat Tours Small businesses Service businesses Privacy Policy Terms of Service GDPR English Français Deutsch Italiano Español © Bookeo 2026