Book Creator - Love Learning - Book Creator app We're currently experiencing issues related to our cloud provider. Our team is working closely with them to resolve the problem. Don't miss out! It's Be An Author Month. Get resources here Discover Be An Author Month ! Get ready for Back to School with Book Creator! Find resources, webinars and more Go Back to School with Book Creator! Search Submit Clear Create a FREE account Log in For Teachers Schools & Districts Features Pricing Contact Sales Resources Support Community Blog Search Submit Clear Create a FREE account Log in Love Learning Love Learning Book Creator is the simplest way for all learners to create content in the classroom. For students Let's make books! Sign in For teachers Teaching made easy Learn more Create a free account For schools Empower every learner Learn more Get a quote Transform Classroom Engagement Read our book We proudly partner with Celebrate Learning Book Creator is the only digital portfolio tool that adapts to every learner, and captures every type of student work. Learn more Features Create. Read. Publish. Explore a multimedia toolset that is easy to use and accessible. Learn more Literacy Reading, writing, speaking, listening. With Book Creator, literacy comes alive. Learn more Resources Templates, lesson plans, case studies, webinars - it's all here for you. Learn more Community Join our community of passionate educators and unlock your students' full potential. Learn more Stay up to date News, ideas, feature updates, case studies and more from our blog When will Book Creator have AI in it? In this article we address our philosophy of product development, how AI is impacting education, and where Book Creator fits into the story. Read more Book Creator + Kami: A New Chapter Begins Kami and Book Creator join forces to empower expression, engagement, and evidence in every classroom. Read more Class View comes to Book Creator Class View in Book Creator is a huge time-saving feature which allows teachers to see into every book and every page in one place. Read more 0 million books made! million books made! All ages, all abilities. Book Creator is used in classrooms around the world to demonstrate learning and express creativity. Click on an example book below. All ages, all abilities. Book Creator is used in classrooms around the world to demonstrate learning and express creativity. Get started for free Get started for free Get support Getting started Help center Example books Resource library Webinars PD for your school In-app training Learn more Features Pricing Book Creator for iPad About Tools for Schools The Book Creator story What people say about us Our partners Job vacancies Blog Book Creator in the classroom Schools and Districts Improving literacy with Book Creator Supporting language learners Supporting special education Empowering teacher librarians Social Emotional Learning (SEL) Digital Portfolios Community Join the community Book Creator Ambassadors Facebook Teachers Group Community Showcase Webinars Get started for free Since 2011, Tools for Schools has committed to working alongside educators to make Book Creator the simplest, most inclusive way to create content in the classroom. Our mission is to empower students of all ages and abilities to actively engage in the joy of learning. Bluesky Bluesky Bluesky Bluesky Bluesky Bluesky Bluesky Bluesky September 2025: Kami acquires Book Creator Book Creator and the Book Creator logo are trademarks of Tools for Schools, Inc. © 2011 - 2025 Tools for Schools, Inc. Privacy & Cookies Terms of service Accessibility Contact us Do not sell or share my personal information Looking for something? Type below… Search Submit Clear For Teachers Schools & Districts Features Pricing Contact Sales Resources Support Community Blog Create a FREE account Log in Looking for something? Type below… Search Submit Clear For Teachers Schools & Districts Features Pricing Contact Sales Resources Support Community Blog Create a FREE account Log in