Online Booking System & Reservation Software | Bookwhen Skip to main content Log in Booking system Class booking Course booking Virtual classes Event booking Activity booking Franchise businesses Pricing Features About us Demo Demo Get started The Online Booking System that keeps things simple. Used by 1000s of happy businesses across the world. Get started Works for Online Classes! Two week free trial. No credit card required. Trustpilot Capterra Facebook Booking software that saves you time at every step. Flexible Setup Easy Organising Simple Booking Whatever you organise, we’ve got you covered Our Online Booking System is built to handle a range of setups. Recurring and one-off Classes Multi-day Courses & Workshops Events & Conferences Activities & Experiences 90% of users save time after moving to Bookwhen Automation and reporting save you time at every step. No more spreadsheets and phone calls! Confirmations, reminder emails and waiting lists all operate automatically Attendees manage their own bookings with cancellations and transfers Attendee lists for swift check-in and reporting for keeping track of bookings Effortless booking, across all devices Hosted on a professional booking page to share with attendees or embed in a website. Take bookings and payments 24/7 with customisable booking forms Multi-event, multi-attendee bookings possible with basket style checkout Attendees can save details to make checkout even faster next time We’re here to help you succeed Live Chat Get a quick response from our friendly support team Help Guides That show you how to get the most out of the system Facebook Group A friendly place for community and discussion We're Committed To improving society, our climate and nature. Read more Customer Success Stories Read about how companies are using Bookwhen to grow. Read more Our mission is to help you share your passion. We’ve created an online booking system that is simple and flexible enough to allow anyone to organise almost anything. It’s empowered thousands of businesses, individuals, and non-profit organisations to bring people together, online and in person. You can use Bookwhen to manage bookings of any size: one-to-ones, classes, outdoor activities, leisure centre sessions, music festivals… your imagination is the limit. You can allocate tickets for free or set a price and accept payments online. With Bookwhen, you share a single link to your dedicated webpage, with all the essential information, or embed the booking form into your own website. They choose a date and time that suits them and purchase or reserve the tickets instantly. It’s a satisfying booking experience. You can customise the booking form to obtain personal details or waivers to adapt it to your needs. You can also offer special discounts and various ticket types. Some Bookwhen members like to include merchandise, equipment hire and other options into their tickets. For over a decade, our customers have saved time by moving away from managing bookings manually on spreadsheets or pen and paper. You may be worried about your customers making the transition to digital bookings, but we’ve seen 1000s make the change and never look back. Plus, we’re here to help with any questions or problems. Our customer support is one of the best rated globally, but we pride ourselves on its humanness . By digitising your operation, you get easy access to reports for finance. Bookwhen also sends email reminders ahead of time to reduce no-shows. When you spend less time with admin and customer service, you spend more time doing what you enjoy. You could also invest that time in marketing to raise awareness and reach a wider audience. If you do, you can use our discount codes in your promotional campaigns to track their performance or to entice people to try something new. Suppose you work with customers with varying interests. In that case, you may want to use more than one booking page, allowing you to customise information, images and events to suit each audience separately. To learn more, you can sign up for a free trial . You’ll have access to premium features for 14 days before it switches to a free plan; no credit card required, no surprises. Trusted by the best Built to suit a huge range of applications Class Bookings Course Bookings Event Bookings Activity Bookings Franchise Businesses Virtual Classes Get started Features that grow your business Manage payments Online payments supported by PayPal, Stripe and more. Specify intructions for offline payments too. Customised booking forms Customise your booking forms, validate responses, add attachments for waivers and opt-ins for marketing. Automatic notifications Automatic attendee confirmation and reminder emails. Notifications keep you up to date with latest bookings. Ticket options Single, group, course, termly, family, child and early-bird tickets for recurring and one-off schedules. Promotional tools Use discount codes, block-booking discounts, passes and waiting lists to grow your business. Attendee register Check-in your attendees with customised register forms. Track attendance and bookings with reporting. See all features A friendly support team to help you succeed The team are so helpful every time, they make it feel like it’s very personal! I have used the support resources a couple of times and I would give them 10/10! Michelle Yoga Instructor I have to say the customer service – the patience, the flexibility on when I could chat to people, and the response on the chat line, was excellent. Becca The Natural Cook Company 1.5M Places booked each month $8M In payments handled each month 94% Of customers would recommend Start taking bookings in a few simple steps Whether you’re moving from spreadsheets and phone calls, or from a different booking system, setting up with Bookwhen is straightforward. Our support team are on hand to help and advise on the best setup for your business. 1 Create your Bookwhen account, add events to your schedule and connect with a payment gateway. 2 Customise your personal booking page with logo, header and images. Share Bookwhen link with your customers or embed in an existing website. 3 Start taking online bookings and payments - revenue is paid instantly! Bookers can save their details for fast future booking. Get started Start free trial. No credit card required. Product Class Booking System Course Booking System Event Booking System Activity Booking System Franchisor Booking System Features Resources Blog Customer Stories API Documentation Help Centre for Admins Help Centre for Bookers Bookwhen About Careers Contact us Environment Accessibility Statement Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Security © Copyright 2026 - Bookwhen Ltd Facebook Instagram X (formerly Twitter) Cookies on Bookwhen We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use Bookwhen. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. Accept additional cookies Manage cookies Manage your cookies We use some essential cookies to make this website work. You can opt in to any additional cookies. For more information on how we use cookies, or to change your cookie preferences, see our Cookie Policy . Choose which cookies to accept Essential These cookies are essential to our website working properly. We do not provide an option to turn off essential cookies because they are required to deliver security and enable core site functionality. Analytics These cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. Save and close