BookWidgets - The perfect content creation tool for teachers in the classroom Skip to main content Toggle navigation Home Pricing Support Blog Čeština Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español Français Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Română Русский Türkçe Tiếng Việt My Account Sign in Create your own interactive exercises and auto-graded assignments in minutes! Motivate your students Formative & summative evaluation Follow student progress in realtime Save time grading Differentiate and give personalized feedback Start for free Choose from 40+ digital exercise templates that work on smartphones, tablets, and computers Transform paper worksheets to interactive quizzes and assignments, rich with multimedia. More into educational learning games? Choose from custom-made crossword riddles, bingo sheets, memory games, and much more. Discover widget and question types Formative and summative evaluation BookWidgets quizzes and worksheets have various evaluation options and over 35 different question types. Questions get auto-graded, so students can learn on the spot and improve their learning right away. Bonus: you save time grading too! Learn more » Differentiate and give personalized feedback Our reporting dashboard allows you to give personalized feedback on student work and return it to your students. We provide the information you need to quickly determine problem areas or students that need extra attention. Follow student activity live Monitor your students' progress in real-time while they're working on BookWidgets assignments, at home or in your classroom. Immediately discover students that need extra challenges, help struggling students, play live games, take real-time surveys, and much more! Learn more » Works even better with Google Classroom , Microsoft Teams for Education , Moodle , Canvas , itslearning or Schoology Easily create, share, grade, and give feedback without leaving your trusted environment. BookWidgets grades are automatically sent to your learning system's gradebook. Our teachers got your back! Start from scratch or use and adapt BookWidgets activities shared by other teachers. If you are proud of your activities, contribute them to our public groups . Explore our partner network Meet the companies and organizations we partner with to transform digital learning into more engaging and impactful experiences. Explore each partner and see how they help bring innovative learning to life. About BookWidgets About BookWidgets About Us Ambassadors Blog Press ( en - nl ) Jobs ( nl - de ) Privacy Accessibility Terms Of Use Cookie Policy Imprint Explore Explore Home Widget Types Pricing Support Tutorials Connect Mail Blog Bluesky Facebook YouTube Pinterest © 2013-2025 Kidimedia. All rights reserved. Product names, logos, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within the bookwidgets.com website are the property of their respective trademark holders.