Online Video Platform | Boomstream Products Video on Demand Live streaming Video Monetization Password Access Secure streaming Solutions Education Pricing Company About us Blog Contact Resources User documentation Developer documentation API documentation Official documents Cases Ru Products Video on Demand Live streaming Video Monetization Password Access Secure streaming Solutions Education Pricing Company About us Blog Contact Resources User documentation Developer documentation API documentation Official documents Cases Хотите перейти на русскую версию сайта? Да Нет We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize our communications with you. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to our use of cookies. Read more Accept Secure video hosting BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM online streaming and monetization of video content Secure video hosting BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM BOOMSTREAM online streaming and monetization of video content To protect your videos from piracy, online streaming worldwide and making money from video content To protect your videos from piracy, online streaming worldwide and making money from video content Select product Select product 01 Video on Demand Video hosting with multi-level content protection and security settings Manage access to video and secure from piracy Customize the options and appearance of the player REST API for comfortable integration More 02 Live streaming Stream your event for thousands of viewers from all over the world Broadcast publicly or privately Monetize your content with paywall Stream on schedule pre-recorded video or with ip camera More 03 Videocontent Monetization Pay Per View Pay Per View. To monetize lessons, webinars, live streams and any videocontent. More 01 Video on Demand Video hosting with multi-level content protection and security settings Everything you'd expect from video hosting and even more. Video hosting with multi-level content protection and security settings. Customize the options and appearance of the player. REST API for comfortable integration More 02 Live streaming Stream your event for thousands of viewers from all over the world Broadcast publicly or privately. Monetize your content with paywall. Stream on schedule pre-recorded video or with ip camera. More 03 Videocontent Monetization Pay Per View Pay Per View. To monetize lessons, webinars, live streams and any videocontent. More 10 years service has been in the industry 10к customers trust us 2MM million minutes stream daily Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Solutions Platform is ideal for different businesses 02 Education 04 Live event streaming 01 Brodcast live sport 03 Medical education 05 Developers Platform is ideal for different businesses 01 Brodcast live sport 02 Education 03 Medical education 04 Live event streaming 05 Developers Best opportunities for your busyness goals Convenient video upload Upload video content in any way: from your device, by FTP or TUS, Google Drive, OneDrive, Vimeo, API. Branded player Customize the color and controls to adapt the player to your design. Place your logo and park your domain so that all links carry your system address. Protection from piracy We protect your videos with encryption, watermark display, restriction to a domain or IP address, creating temporary links. Individual privacy settings for each viewer. Flexible pricing Choose how to pay: * only for the space used on the servers and viewers playback. * or tarrif, that already includes a certain amount of storage, traffic views, Branding options, and Protection of video content from downloading. Live streaming Conduct live broadcasts and webinars. Open, password-protected, or pay-per-view streams. On your website or via a separate link. Set up a schedule for auto-webinars and broadcasting from an IP camera. Built in paywall Upload videos and earn money! Set a price and sell access to the uploaded video or live streams on your website, blog or social media page. Connect your PayPal account or use API for integration. Free Trial Reviews We switched to Boomstream to improve the quality of lesson recordings and save on the development and maintenance of our own solution. Overall, the quality of the services provided is satisfactory and meets our needs. We use the video content storage service, its streaming on our platform, and the video player for these streams. OTUS Boomstream is both a service for conducting daily online lessons and a video hosting platform for us. Stable operation, affordable price, and responsive support. We recommend it for solving tasks related to video content management. Tilda.school We are developing the 'Hanuman Online' project (https://www.hanuman-online.ru) and have been working with Boomstream for several years. We broadcast yoga classes and seminars to an online audience, and the platform perfectly fits our needs. We appreciate the personalized approach and timely modifications made by Boomstream's team at our request. The technical support is always available and ready to help. We look forward to further development, especially with faster video processing. Hanuman Online After YouTube demonetization, we started looking for alternative platforms to earn from published materials. Among many platforms we analyzed, Boomstream turned out to be the most suitable. The service offers Full HD quality, a user-friendly interface, affordable file storage, detailed sales analytics, technical support, and a download-blocking feature. Access to live streams can be restricted by an individual or group password, which can be obtained after payment through the built-in payment system. Selling videos with this platform is very convenient. We highly recommend it. Vadim Lesaev Our plugin helps creators using Tilda to bring any design or effects to life. Boomstream became a great tool for publishing videos on clients' websites through the video constructor and Zero block. All you need to do is upload the video and get an mp4 link without any technical hassle. ANNEXX Founder Join for free Boomstream You get a bonus balance for one month to test the platform. Free Trial Products Video on Demand Live streaming Video Monetization Password Access Secure streaming Solutions Education Company About us Pricing Blog Contact Resources User documentation Developer documentation API documentation Official documents Cases Contact +7 (800) 500-28-36 support@boomstream.com Official documents Terms of service Privacy policy © 2013–2025, HWD ltd