Boom Cards by Boom Learning - Interactive Lessons by Educators For Schools For Teachers Standards Training Pricing Blog About Login Login Your District-Wide Learning Solution Support Your Entire Team with Boom Passport Learn More Inspiring Educators to Inspire Students Unleash Your Creativity with Boom Studio Learn More For Schools and Districts What is Boom Passport? Boom Passport, a Boom product, offers teachers and related service professionals access to 80,000+ decks built by over 250+ education professionals and vetted for evidence-based pedagogy and accessibility. With Boom Passport, educators can provide their students with age-respectful supplemental lessons designed to meet their cognitive needs. Perfect for Intervention Teams Standards-Based Alignments (Coming Soon) Data for Growth Administrator Access Boom Studio Boom Store Boom Live Learn More Request a Demo Signature Product What Are Boom Cards? Boom Cards by Boom are interactive lessons and activities built by educational professionals. Boom Cards offer educators the ability to purchase over 500,000+ decks that can be added to their personal Boom Library. Special Needs English Language Arts Math Social Studies Writing Related Services Social-Emotional Learning and more! Learn More Training for Educators Get Started on the Right Foot Boom Learning provides turnkey Professional Development solutions through our Boom Training Academy, as well as online onboarding sessions and a library of resource materials to help you get up-to-speed on our platform quickly and easily. Learn More Pricing for School Districts Special Features and Bulk Discounts Request a pricing quote for Boom Passport, which includes Boom licenses and over 80,000 learning activities vetted for pedagogy and accessibility. Inquire Today Pricing for Individual Educators Annual and Monthly Plans For less than a large latte per month, you can join over two million educators who have discovered the benefits of Boom Cards. Starter Free 5 Students 1 Classroom 5 Self-Made Decks Detailed Reports for 5 Students Connect With Colleagues 5-Day FastPlays Choose Starter Premium $ 6.99 / month or $ 49.99 / year Starts at 150 Students 17 Classrooms Unlimited Self-Made Decks Detailed Reports for 150 students Share Students With Colleagues 14-Day FastPlays Presentation Mode with Data Boom Live Upload Custom Sounds Upload Custom Fonts Detailed Live Reports Share Self-Made Decks Choose Premium Publisher $ 69.99 / year Starts at 150 Students 17 Classrooms Unlimited Self-Made Decks Detailed Reports for 150 students Share Students With Colleagues 14-Day FastPlays Presentation Mode with Data Boom Live Upload Custom Sounds Upload Custom Fonts Detailed Live Reports Share Self-Made Decks A License to Sell Boom Cards Choose Publisher Over 500K Pre-made Lessons 3 Billion Activities Played 12 Million Students Our Mission Make personalized learning available to everyone, everywhere. Mary and Eric Oemig invented Boom Cards to help students who were ahead of their peers in some areas and behind in others. The product they made turned out to be exceptional for a diverse set of learners, especially those needing extra supports. The Boom platform supercharges a teacher’s effectiveness by providing instant feedback, personalized assignments, and detailed reports. Plus, students love Boom Cards and ask for them by name! From the Boom Learning Blog Holiday 18 November, 2025 Holiday Escape Rooms Make the Holidays Fun and Academic with Boom Escape Rooms Read More Holiday , Teacher Time Savers 17 November, 2025 15-Minute Centers with Boom Cards to Survive December Quick, Effective Centers to Keep December Calm and Productive Read More 29 October, 2025 Celebrating Native American Heritage Month with Respectful Content November invites us to honor and learn from Indigenous peoples whose histories and cultures shape… Read More Boom Cards help me easily track my students progress in real time! I know exactly which students are working and who might need help! Katie Colavecchia Instagram Online learning is not just sitting in front of a computer screen; students need to be engaged in critical thinking and personal reflection. Boom is doing that with their innovations in technology and their respect for education and education professionals. Joy Curtis eLuma CX Operations Coordinator When I was teaching Summer School special education, some of the students already had skills I didn’t expect. Seeing the reports allowed me to adjust my instruction to address their needs. “ Christy Henning Transitional Kindergarten Teacher Levels of student engagement have increased, and the premade materials that our teachers/therapist can access through using points save them so much time and provide common activities and language concepts for our students. Our staff LOVES Boom Learning! “ Mollie Bolton Exec. Director, Special School District of St. Louis County I love it for IEP Progress and progress for my emerging bilinguals. I like having them do something before I teach a concept, after and comparing and then a few weeks later to see how they have improved. Kiaonno Literacy Is Key ABC Boom Cards engage students by making them feel like they are playing a game. No wonder kids beg for more. the instant feedback students receive informs their learning and increase understanding. Boom's reports on student accuracy help teachers make confident decisions about what they need to teach next. “ Della Larsen Retired Educator My favorite way to use them is with your whole class. Display the Boom Cards on your classroom whiteboard and have students construct melodic or rhythmic patterns using simple manipulatives. “ Terri Lloyd Premier Publisher Learn why millions of educators love Learn More Stay in Touch Sign up to receive newsletters about teaching, learning, and new product releases. Emails may include marketing materials from Boom. Copyright © 2026 Boom Learning Boom Passport | DMCA | Privacy  | Terms & Trust Center Available On: Connect With Us: