Energy Supplier, Switch Gas & Electricity Provider | OVO Energy Skip to main content OVO logo Sign in Tariffs Energy Efficiency Home & Heating Electric Vehicles Solar Help Sign in Join OVO Products Fixed tariffs Standard variable tariff Compare energy tariffs Get a quote and start your switch. Find out more Products Smart meters Smart thermostats Services Rewards Power Move Products New boiler Heat pumps Heat Pump Plus tariff add-on Home insulation Services Boiler & heating cover Annual boiler service Boiler repair Kitchen appliance insurance cover Electrics, Plumbing & Drainage Cover Power your heat pump for just 15p per kWh. Find out more Products EV chargers Charge app EV tariff add-on Public charging Services Vehicle to Grid EV charger cover Charge at home and away for a fixed monthly price. Learn more Products Solar panels & battery storage Battery Boost Tariff Add-on Services Sell your home’s energy Sell your business’ energy Save up to 85% on your electricity use with solar panels. Find out more Quick Actions Moving home Read my energy bill Submit meter reading Help & support Help centre Forum Complaints OVO Extra Support Guides Blog OVO logo Tariffs Energy Efficiency Home & Heating Electric Vehicles Solar Help Sign in Products Fixed tariffs Standard variable tariff Compare energy tariffs Get a quote and start your switch. Find out more Products Smart meters Smart thermostats Services Rewards Power Move Products New boiler Heat pumps Heat Pump Plus tariff add-on Home insulation Services Boiler & heating cover Annual boiler service Boiler repair Kitchen appliance insurance cover Electrics, Plumbing & Drainage Cover Power your heat pump for just 15p per kWh. Find out more Products EV chargers Charge app EV tariff add-on Public charging Services Vehicle to Grid EV charger cover Charge at home and away for a fixed monthly price. Learn more Products Solar panels & battery storage Battery Boost Tariff Add-on Services Sell your home’s energy Sell your business’ energy Save up to 85% on your electricity use with solar panels. Find out more Quick Actions Moving home Read my energy bill Submit meter reading Help & support Help centre Forum Complaints OVO Extra Support Guides Blog The energy price cap is changing from 1 January. Find out how it impacts you. Learn more . Do energy differently. Switch to OVO OVO Live. For the Atmosphere. Exclusive ticket access for all our customers at OVO Hydro, The O2 arena and Co-op Live. Because atmosphere is everything. Join for free Get rewarded for being with us. There’s so much up for grabs just for being an OVO customer. 1 Find out more Home and public charging. One fixed price. Save £100s a year on your charging bill with our new monthly plans. Miles simpler. Learn more Terms and eligibility apply. Get free boiler cover for up to 6 months. Set yourself up for a worry-free winter with boiler cover, free for up to 6 months. Get unlimited call outs, a 24/7 helpline, and an annual boiler service worth £84. 2 Not available on all plans. Offer ends 8 January. Get offer Earn up to 5 solar panels. 3 Take charge of your energy and earn up to 5 solar panels with Beyond. The longer you're with us, the more you get. Find out more Terms and eligibility apply OVO Live. For the Atmosphere. Exclusive ticket access for all our customers at OVO Hydro, The O2 arena and Co-op Live. Because atmosphere is everything. Join for free Get rewarded for being with us. There’s so much up for grabs just for being an OVO customer. 1 Find out more Rewards Charge Anytime Boiler Cover Solar Saver OVO Live Check my latest bill Login to find all the details of your latest energy bill, balance and usage. Moving home? Let us know where you’re going, and we’ll do the rest. Switch to OVO Join us on the path to energy that’s better for you, your wallet, and the planet. Submit meter reading Login to enter your latest reading and keep your bill accurate. Latest offers A free boiler repair when you buy Home Recover 4 Get offer Use power at greener times to win a year’s free energy Join Power Move Terms and eligibility apply . A year’s free energy is set at a maximum credit of £2,000. Fixed energy prices and 100% renewable power from the UK 5 Fix now Collect 100 Tesco Clubcard points, every month Go Beyond 8,750 chances to collect points every week until 25 Jan. See full terms. What people say about OVO Energy Rated 0.0 by more than 0 customers Our most popular products and services Charge Anytime Smart charge your car at home and on the go, with a Charge Anytime Monthly plan, and save up to £460 a year. 6 Explore Charge Anytime Beyond Unlock offers today, while you earn greener rewards for tomorrow. 1 It’s our way of saying thanks for being with us. Get Beyond Solar panels Save up to 85% on your electricity use 7 when you get solar panels and a battery from OVO. Go solar More reasons to switch. Here’s how we’re making energy better for people and the planet. Loyalty that pays off Our free rewards programme rewards you just for being with us 1 . Join thousands of customers on Beyond. Big prizes for small changes With Power Move, you get the chance to win a year’s free energy – just by using electricity at greener times of the day. Growing a greener future We’ve planted 5 million trees in schools and communities across the country, on behalf of our customers. Switch to OVO Find out more OVO Guides Your complete guide to smarter energy You’ll find everything you need to know about all things energy. Whether it’s ways to use less, smart meter tips, or info on the latest tech. Home & Heating How much electricity does a home use? Read more Home and heating Warm home discount scheme Read article Energy Tips from our smart engineers Read article Home & Heating Heat pump installation - what to expect Read article Energy What to do if boiler pressure is low Read article Smart home Secure Liberty 100 smart meters guide Read article Home & Heating How to bleed a radiator Read article Home & Heating How much electricity does a home use? Read more Home and heating Warm home discount scheme Read article Energy Tips from our smart engineers Read article Home & Heating Heat pump installation - what to expect Read article Energy What to do if boiler pressure is low Read article Smart home Secure Liberty 100 smart meters guide Read article Home & Heating How to bleed a radiator Read article Home & Heating How much electricity does a home use? Read more Home and heating Warm home discount scheme Read article Energy Tips from our smart engineers Read article Home & Heating Heat pump installation - what to expect Read article Energy What to do if boiler pressure is low Read article Smart home Secure Liberty 100 smart meters guide Read article Home & Heating How to bleed a radiator Read article Have a question? Get help Important Information 1 See full Beyond terms here and all Beyond offer terms here . All offers are subject to availability and OVO reserves the right to replace or amend the range and value of available offers at any time. Solar panels offer: The 5 free solar panels offer is only available to OVO customers who also have solar panels and a battery installed with OVO. Solar panels are redeemable as a discount worth up to £500 when the customer buys a OVO solar installation and battery package. An average sized house requires 10 solar panels. Panels may be accrued over a 2 year period and redeemed anytime with either the 2 year accrual period or the 3 years following. Subject to availability. Discount is based on current hardware costs. Terms and eligibility criteria apply. Free electric miles offer: Earn up to 2,400 free EV miles over 2 years to redeem when you join Charge Anytime. Free miles can be redeemed at anytime during the 2 year accrual period or within 3 years thereafter. Compatible EV/charger is required for Charge Anytime. New Charge Anytime customers only. Free miles are payable as a credit to your energy account. Actual free miles may vary depending on the type of vehicle, vehicle efficiency, and driving style. Terms and eligibility apply. See full terms and conditions. 2 Terms, eligibility criteria and cancellation fees apply. Offer not available on all products or for CORGI HomePlan / OVO boiler cover customers who have had a plan in the last 30 days. To be eligible for this offer you must meet the boiler cover eligibility criteria set out during sign up. Offer expires 08/01/2026 3 Terms and eligibility apply. See full Beyond terms here and all Beyond offer terms here . All offers are subject to availability and OVO reserves the right to replace or amend the range and value of available offers at any time. Beyond allows eligible customers to accrue the value of up to 5 solar panels over two years. Approximate accrual rate of the value of one solar panel per 4 month period. Redeemable when a customer purchases an OVO solar panel and battery package within the accrual period or up to three years after. Must be redeemed in one go. Value of the amount of solar panels accrued by the time of redemption will be applied as a discount to your total solar panel and battery package up to a maximum redemption value of £500. Terms and eligibility criteria apply. For more details see here . 4 Home Recover: Offer not available for CORGI HomePlan / OVO boiler cover customers who have had a plan in the last 30 days. To be eligible for this offer you must meet the boiler cover eligibility criteria set out during sign up. Offer expires 26/03/2026. 5 Fixed energy prices and greener electricity: Our 1 Year Fixed + Greener Electricity tariff includes our Greener Electricity upgrade, which brings you 100% renewable electricity from traceable sources. While the electricity that powers your home comes from a mix of sources, we buy the same amount of renewable electricity to balance this all out. So for all the electricity you use, we’ll feed the same amount back into the grid from green sources. 6 Actual sum is £460. When you add a Charge Anytime monthly plan to your home tariff, your home energy rate will stay the same, but your EV charging will be charged separately at one fixed monthly cost including both your home and public charging miles. The £460 saving is based on a Charge Anytime customer signing up to the Premium Monthly Plan and using 12,000 miles a year of home charging and 600 miles on the road using public charging networks compared to a customer charging their home miles at OVO's UK average SVT rate of 26.34p per kWh and their public miles at an average Charge Point Operator rate of 80p per kWh. The Premium Monthly Plan has a monthly cost of £37.50 which includes both the home and public charging mileage. Mileage is calculated at an efficiency of 4 miles per kWh. Actual savings will vary depending on vehicle efficiency, driving style, EV charging usage, the cost per kWh of your standard home energy tariff and the rate you pay on public Charge Point Operator networks. 7 These annual energy savings are dependent on your property type and location, roof type, slope and size. If your roof is shaded or isn't south facing, figures are likely to be lower. We based the figure on the following: a) You have 12 (440W) solar panels and a 9.5 kWh battery installed b) You’re home all day with an annual electricity consumption of 2,700 kWh (Ofgem). You currently pay our Standard Variable Rate of 27.30p (correct at 1 April 2025) and will use 51% of what you generate c) You sign up for our exclusive SEG rate (20p kWh) for customers who purchase solar and a battery from us, and you sell back the remaining 49% of energy generated. You’ll get a more accurate savings estimation once we’ve surveyed your property. Contact us Contact Help & support Emergency support Complaints Careers OVO Group About us Our story Path to Zero OVO Live Our charity Our plans & prices Tips & advice OVO forum community Guides Blog Resources Media centre Leadership team Accessibility For business Sell your power Fleet Core terms & conditions Privacy policy & cookies Modern slavery statement Gender pay statement Health & safety statement Statement of investment principles of OVO Energy Group of the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme (SHEPS SECTION) Statement of investment principles of OVO Energy Group of the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme (SEPS SECTION) Implementation statement for 2019 DB Regulations OVO Energy Ltd, registered office 1 Rivergate Temple Quay Bristol, BS1 6ED, company no. 06890795 registered in England and Wales, VAT No. 100119879. We are a mandatory FIT & SEG licensee. OVO (S) Gas Limited, trading as OVO Solar & Heating, is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under firm reference number 957641 as a credit broker not a lender. We will only introduce borrowers to Tandem Bank Limited. OVO (S) Gas Limited is registered in England and Wales (Company No. 02716495) at 1 Rivergate, Temple Quay, Bristol, BS1 6ED. OVO (S) Gas Limited is part of OVO Group Ltd