BOQ Personal Banking | Bank accounts, credit cards, home loans | BOQ BOQ Personal Banking | Bank accounts, credit cards, home loans Please enable JavaScript in order to get the best experience when using this site. Jump to main navigation Jump to main content BOQ Credit Cards are available in the myBOQ app and new myBOQ Internet Banking. We’re working hard to deliver the full range of Credit Card functionality as soon as possible Find out more BOQ Credit Cards are available in the myBOQ app and new myBOQ Internet Banking. We’re working hard to deliver the full range of Credit Card functionality as soon as possible Find out more About BOQ Shareholder Centre Contact Us Find a branch or ATM BOQ BSB Toggle navigation Login Personal Banking Transaction Accounts Savings and Term Deposits Online Banking Today's Interest Rates Visa Debit Card Digital Wallet Managing Direct Debits Credit Cards Q Rewards Points Home Loans Home Loan Review Home Loan Interest Rates Compare Home Loans Home Loan Calculators Manage My Home Loan Family Guarantee Personal and Car Loans Personal Loan Car Loans Compare Personal Loan Rates Insurance Home and Contents Insurance Landlord Insurance Car Insurance Travel Exchange Rates Cash Passport Platinum Mastercard Investing and Superannuation BOQ Online Share Trading Log In to BOQ Trading Self Managed Super Funds Tools and Calculators Loan Repayments Calculator Stamp Duty Calculator Borrowing Power Calculator Property and Suburb Reports Rate Change Calculator Business Small Business Business Knowledge Hub Industry Specialists Agribusiness Corporate and Property Health Care Business referral Business Bank Accounts Transaction Accounts Savings and Investment Accounts Industry Specialist Accounts Business Visa Debit Card Loans and Finance Compare Business Loans Business Loans Australia Equipment and Vehicle Finance Insurance Premium Funding Merchant and Payment Products Payment Solutions and Billing Merchant Solutions Existing Merchants Financial Markets and International Services Export and Import Services International and Domestic Trade Foreign Exchange Foreign Currency Accounts SmartFX Online International Payments Platform Today's Business Interest Rates Farm Management Deposit Interest Rates Business Finance Interest Rates Term Deposit Interest Rates Tools & Calculators International Trade Enabler Blog Life Moments Personal Finance Featured Property Local Community Economic Update Life Stages Your First Job Moving Out Of Home Studying Buying an Investment Property Buying Your Next Home First Home Buyers Hub Building a Home Home Renovation Hub Help & Support Age Friendly Banking Rate Change Hub Branch Network Confirm Your Details Losing a loved one Remediation Funds Owed Using myBOQ at tax time Using BOQ at tax time Complaints and Feedback Managing Unplanned Life Moments Natural disaster support Domestic and Family Violence Assistance Online Banking Help and Support Online Banking Video Tutorials Online Banking FAQs System Status Self-Service Hub Online Banking Password Reset FAQs Using Bank@Post Managing Cryptocurrency Payments myBOQ Saver FAQs Card Transaction Disputes Fast Track Account FAQs Credit Card FAQs ASIC Reference Changes to our ADI licence Card Management Account Management Payments & Transactions Transfers & Payments BOQ Fraud and Scam Assistance Types of Scams Protect Yourself Latest Alerts Report a Fraud or Scam Financial Difficulty Assistance Your Customer Advocate Discontinued Products & Services Foreign Tax Resident Reporting Getting Started at BOQ BOQ Kitchen Switching to BOQ Find a branch or ATM Getting Started at BOQ Business Accessible and Inclusive Banking The Code of Operation Switching to myBOQ Cheque Changes Confirmation of Payee myBOQ Internet Banking Help Flexible ways to manage your credit card Online Security Hub Log On Internet Banking Log On to Internet Banking Self-Service Hub Q Rewards Retrieve saved application Manage Data Sharing Search Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results Search button Navigation Close navigation Personal Personal child pages Banking Banking child pages Banking child pages Banking child pages Banking child pages Banking child pages Banking child pages Banking child pages Transaction Accounts Savings and Term Deposits Online Banking Today's Interest Rates Visa Debit Card Digital Wallet Managing Direct Debits Credit Cards Credit Cards child pages Q Rewards Points Home Loans Home Loans child pages Home Loans child pages Home Loans child pages Home Loans child pages Home Loans child pages Home Loans child pages Home Loan Review Home Loan Interest Rates Compare Home Loans Home Loan Calculators Manage My Home Loan Family Guarantee Personal and Car Loans Personal and Car Loans child pages Personal and Car Loans child pages Personal and Car Loans child pages Personal Loan Car Loans Compare Personal Loan Rates Insurance Insurance child pages Insurance child pages Insurance child pages Home and Contents Insurance Landlord Insurance Car Insurance Travel Travel child pages Travel child pages Exchange Rates Cash Passport Platinum Mastercard Investing and Superannuation Investing and Superannuation child pages Investing and Superannuation child pages Investing and Superannuation child pages BOQ Online Share Trading Log In to BOQ Trading Self Managed Super Funds Tools and Calculators Tools and Calculators  child pages Tools and Calculators  child pages Tools and Calculators  child pages Tools and Calculators  child pages Tools and Calculators  child pages Loan Repayments Calculator Stamp Duty Calculator Borrowing Power Calculator Property and Suburb Reports Rate Change Calculator Business Business child pages Small Business Small Business child pages Business Knowledge Hub Industry Specialists Industry Specialists child pages Industry Specialists child pages Industry Specialists child pages Industry Specialists child pages Agribusiness Corporate and Property Health Care Business referral Business Bank Accounts Business Bank Accounts child pages Business Bank Accounts child pages Business Bank Accounts child pages Business Bank Accounts child pages Transaction Accounts Savings and Investment Accounts Industry Specialist Accounts Business Visa Debit Card Loans and Finance Loans and Finance child pages Loans and Finance child pages Loans and Finance child pages Loans and Finance child pages Compare Business Loans Business Loans Australia Equipment and Vehicle Finance Insurance Premium Funding Merchant and Payment Products Merchant and Payment Products child pages Merchant and Payment Products child pages Merchant and Payment Products child pages Payment Solutions and Billing Merchant Solutions Existing Merchants Financial Markets and International Services Financial Markets and International Services child pages Financial Markets and International Services child pages Financial Markets and International Services child pages Financial Markets and International Services child pages Financial Markets and International Services child pages Export and Import Services International and Domestic Trade Foreign Exchange Foreign Currency Accounts SmartFX Online International Payments Platform Today's Business Interest Rates Today's Business Interest Rates  child pages Today's Business Interest Rates  child pages Today's Business Interest Rates  child pages Farm Management Deposit Interest Rates Business Finance Interest Rates Term Deposit Interest Rates Tools & Calculators Tools & Calculators  child pages International Trade Enabler Blog Blog child pages Life Moments Personal Finance Featured Property Local Community Economic Update Life Stages Life Stages child pages Your First Job Moving Out Of Home Studying Buying an Investment Property Buying Your Next Home First Home Buyers Hub Building a Home Home Renovation Hub Help & Support Help & Support child pages Age Friendly Banking Rate Change Hub Branch Network Confirm Your Details Losing a loved one Remediation Funds Owed Using myBOQ at tax time Using BOQ at tax time Complaints and Feedback Managing Unplanned Life Moments Managing Unplanned Life Moments child pages Managing Unplanned Life Moments child pages Natural disaster support Domestic and Family Violence Assistance Online Banking Help and Support Online Banking Help and Support child pages Online Banking Help and Support child pages Online Banking Help and Support child pages Online Banking Help and Support child pages Online Banking Help and Support child pages Online Banking Video Tutorials Online Banking FAQs System Status Self-Service Hub Online Banking Password Reset FAQs FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages FAQs child pages Using Bank@Post Managing Cryptocurrency Payments myBOQ Saver FAQs Card Transaction Disputes Fast Track Account FAQs Credit Card FAQs ASIC Reference Changes to our ADI licence Card Management Account Management Payments & Transactions Transfers & Payments BOQ Fraud and Scam Assistance BOQ Fraud and Scam Assistance child pages BOQ Fraud and Scam Assistance child pages BOQ Fraud and Scam Assistance child pages BOQ Fraud and Scam Assistance child pages Types of Scams Protect Yourself Latest Alerts Report a Fraud or Scam Financial Difficulty Assistance Your Customer Advocate Discontinued Products & Services Foreign Tax Resident Reporting Getting Started at BOQ BOQ Kitchen Switching to BOQ Find a branch or ATM Getting Started at BOQ Business Accessible and Inclusive Banking The Code of Operation Switching to myBOQ Cheque Changes Confirmation of Payee myBOQ Internet Banking Help Flexible ways to manage your credit card Online Security Hub Log On Super child pages Log On to Internet Banking Self-Service Hub Q Rewards Retrieve saved application Manage Data Sharing About BOQ Shareholder Centre Contact Us Find a branch or ATM BOQ BSB Bank of wishing you a merry one for over 150 years Bank of wishing you a merry one for over 150 years Image: Image: Bank accounts Everyday banking with BOQ Transaction accounts Savings accounts Term deposits Compare savings accounts Savings calculator Watch your money grow with our high interest term deposit account Term Deposits 4.05 % P.A. 12 month fixed term deposit from $5,000 View Term Deposits Important changes for BOQ Business Banking customers. We are making some changes to the BOQ Business Facility General Conditions. Read changes Home loans Home loans Our most popular home loans Compare our home loans Home loan calculators Property reports Buying your first home Buying an investment property Building a home Refinancing your home GET INTO YOUR HOME FASTER WITH IMPRESSIVELY LOW RATES Economy Variable Home Loan 5.33 % p.a. For owner occupiers 5.46 % p.a. Comparison Rate^ Terms and conditions apply View Home Loans Get $2000 cashback when you refinance your home loan to BOQ Terms and conditions apply^^ View offer Credit cards Credit cards Q Rewards® Points Compare Credit Cards Insurance Insurance Home and Contents Insurance Landlord Insurance Car Insurance BOQ Insurance offers smart Home, Contents, Landlord and Car Insurance to help you protect some of your most valuable assets. BOQ's Specialist Insurance Team is here to help. Get a quote today. View insurance Get an online quote in as little as 3 minutes Or call our Specialist Insurance Team on 1300 159 298.

Available from Monday to Friday, 8:00am – 6:00pm (AEDT). Apply Online Tools and calculators We’ll help you work it out. Use our calculators Opened a new account? Make the most of it and get started with these easy steps. Find out more FAQs Find the answer to your frequently asked questions. Go to FAQs Internet Banking We recently upgraded BOQ Classic Internet Banking with a new look and feel. Learn more For us, successful banking is all about building relationships and understanding our customer's needs, whatever they are. Jellina White Executive Branch Manager, Gympie Locate your branch manager Find a branch or ATM How we can support you Report a Fraud or Scam If you are concerned you have fallen victim to a scam, please contact us straight away. Find help Financial hardship Find out how we can help  support you during difficult times. Learn more Navigating interest rate changes Explore our hub for useful home loan guides and easy to use tools. Find out how Latest blog articles Lodging a tax return: Your questions answered May interest rate update Housing market update: May 2025 See more Important Information Credit provided by Bank of Queensland Limited ABN 32 009 656 740 (Australian Credit Licence Number 244616) (BOQ). Fees and charges payable. BOQ's standard credit assessment criteria apply. Full terms and conditions are available at any BOQ branch. Interest rates quoted are indicative only, and are subject to change without notice. ^Comparison rates calculated on the basis of a secured loan of $150,000 for a term of 25 years. WARNING: This comparison rate is true only for the examples given and may not include all fees and charges. Different terms, fees or other loan amounts might result in a different comparison rate. Comparison rate for variable Interest Only loans are based on an initial 5 year Interest Only period. Comparison rates for fixed interest only loans are based on an initial Interest Only period equal in length to the fixed period. During an interest only period, your interest only payments will not reduce your loan balance. This may mean you pay more interest over the life of the loan. 2. Offer commenced 1 December 2023. 100,000 bonus Q Rewards Points will be awarded when $4,500 or more is spent on Eligible Transactions within the first 3 months from card approval. Purchases must be processed and charged to your account in the first 3 months from the account approval. Eligible Transaction is defined in the Q Rewards® Terms and Conditions and means any purchase excluding (but not limited to) cash advances, balance transfers, special promotions, BPAY payments, government related transactions and all other transactions set out within the definition. All Q Rewards® are subject to the BOQ Q Rewards® Terms and Conditions. The Q Rewards® Points will be credited to the Primary Cardholder’s Account within 60 days of meeting the spend criteria. We reserve the right to continue, withdraw or change the offer at any time. This offer is not available when closing or transferring from another BOQ branded credit card account or in conjunction with any other BOQ branded credit card offer. 11. Special limited time $2,000 cashback offer only available for new refinance applications received between 01 July 2025 and 31 March 2026 through a BOQ branch and settle within 120 days of the loan application date. The Offer ends on 31 March 2026. Applicants must be Australian residents aged 18 years and over who are personal customers taking out a new home loan with BOQ, refinanced from another financial institution. Offer available on BOQ’s Clear Path, Economy, or Fixed Rate home loan products only for owner occupier and investor loans and not available on owner occupied interest only repayments. Minimum total new lending of $400,000. Maximum loan-to-value ratio (LVR) of up to 80%. Not available for the refinance, restructure, or switches of home loans from BOQ or other lenders within the BOQ Group, which includes BOQ Specialist, ME Bank and Virgin Money Australia. Only one cash back will be paid per qualifying home loan application regardless of the number of borrowers. In the case of multiple qualifying applications, only one cash back will be paid. Customers who have received a refinance cashback payment from within the BOQ Group within the 12 months prior to their loan application date will be ineligible for this offer. The cash back amount will be paid within 60 days of loan settlement into the BOQ Transaction Account held by the borrower first listed on the application. If the first listed borrower doesn’t hold a BOQ Transaction account, then the cash back will be credited to the home loan it applies to. For Target Market Determinations please refer here. Bank of Queensland Limited ABN 32 009 656 740, Australian Credit Licence 244616 (“BOQ”), promotes and distributes the Bank of Queensland Credit Cards (“Credit Cards”). National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937 Australian Credit Licence 230686 (“NAB”) is the credit provider and issuer of the Credit Cards. Our/us/we/The BOQ Credit Cards Team means NAB unless the context otherwise requires it. BOQ does not and will not guarantee or otherwise support NAB’s obligations under the contracts or agreements connected with the Credit Cards. Conditions, Criteria and Fees Apply.  You should obtain and consider the relevant Product Disclosure Statement (PDS), terms and conditions and Guide to Fees and Charges for the product before making any decision about whether to acquire or continue to hold it.  Full terms and conditions are available online or at any Bank of Queensland branch . © 2025 Fiserv, Inc. or its affiliates. Fiserv is a trademark of Fiserv, Inc. registered or used in the United States and foreign countries, and may or may not be registered in your country. All trademarks, service marks and trade names referenced in this material are the property of their respective owners. © 2025 Clover Network, LLC. The Clover name, logo, related trademarks and service marks are owned by Clover Network, LLC, and are registered or used in the U.S. and many foreign countries. All trademarks, service marks and trade names referenced in this material are the property of their respective owners We're here to help. 1300 55 72 72 Call our Customer Contact Centre Email us Get in touch Locate us Find a branch or ATM Site footer About Us Company overview Media centre Careers Shareholder Centre My shareholding ASX announcements Financial information Sustainability Help & Support Contact us Find a branch or ATM Important information FAQs © 2025 Bank of Queensland Limited ABN 32 009 656 740 (BOQ) AFSL and Australian Credit Licence No 244616. | Registered Address: Level 3, 100 Skyring Terrace, Newstead, Queensland 4006. BOQ Group acknowledges Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the Traditional Custodians of the land where we live and work. We pay our respects to Elders past and present. Financial Difficulty Assistance | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Exception Fees Policy | Banking code of practice | Sitemap | BSB 124-001