Skip to main content
Products and services
 
Company
 
Careers
Bosch at CES® 2026
Season’s greetings
About us
Our open positions
Get in touch
Our products for your home
Show all products

Home appliances

Power tools

Garden tools

Measuring tools

Cleaning tools

Heating, cooling, and well-being

Smart Home

 
 
Our solutions for business clients
Mobility
Explore our complete portfolio of mobility solutions
Industry and trades
Discover our products and services for industry and trades
Explore our stories
Explore all stories

STORYResearch

V2X technology: How a Bosch automatic emergency braking assist helps prevent collisions

STORYCareer

Learning at Bosch

STORYPicked by the Internet

Bosch products face extraordinary challenges

STORYHow Bosch climate technology helps in hot cities

In the valley of the sun

BLOG POSTCEO blog

AI that gets things moving
Our topics

Bosch develops innovations that provide solutions to the major challenges of our time. How? It’s all explained in our focus topics.

Artificial intelligence

AI for a better future

Is the world prepared for artificial intelligence? This topic takes a look at the most important questions around AI and at the same time shows how Bosch is already using AI to make the world a better place.

Energy efficiency

Saving energy at home is easier than you think

The world needs more eco-warriors — but becoming one is easier than you might think. This topic explains how Bosch's innovative technologies enable a sustainable and climate-friendly lifestyle.

Hydrogen

Energy of the future

Hydrogen technologies will be a central enabler of the energy transition. In this topic, you will learn more about the current state of the art and what steps are necessary for this promising technology to reach its full potential.

Battery technology

More than just a means of storing energy

Innovations from Bosch are making batteries more durable, more powerful, and more sustainable. They provide the energy that keeps our world moving forward. This topic explains how this key technology keeps our modern world moving forward.

MEMS-sensors

Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems

Sensors play a fundamental role in our modern life and are essential for enabling technologies of tomorrow. Read more to learn about the vast range of areas of application of MEMS sensor technology, such as climate and forest protection.

Automated driving

New era on the roads

The invention of the automobile revolutionized people’s lives. Now we are on the threshold of the next big technological leap: automated driving. Explore the technologies that enable automated driving and that are already in widespread use today on our topic page.

Electrification

Electricity drives us

Electricity inspires us to constantly invent new things. It also confronts us with new challenges, such as climate change and the increasing global demand for energy. Read more about Electrification.

 
 
 
   
Bosch on social media

Follow us for the latest information about the company.

   
Bosch customer service
You need service or support? Our customer support is here for you whenever you need it.
To contact overview
Work #LikeABosch — Apply now.
Bosch Global Careers
Become a business partner.
Purchasing and logistics
Invented for life
General contact info
Product security (PSIRT)
Innovations, patents, and licenses
Purchasing and logistics
   
Corporate information
Legal notice
Data protection notice (Privacy Policy)
Accessibility
Privacy settings
© Robert Bosch GmbH 2025, all rights reserved