Premium eBike systems and smart functions Skip to main content eBike Systems eBike Systems +++ Unlock the full potential of your eBike. Download the eBike Flow app now. +++ +++ You don’t want to miss a thing? Subscribe to our newsletter now. +++ +++ Get even more out of your eBike with Flow+. +++ +++ Which eBike is right for you? Take the test now. +++ +++ Find your eBike with Bosch system. +++ +++ Calculate the range for your next eBike ride. +++ Help Products eBikes Service & advice Content Hub About us Business 0 For everyday life For sporty use For transporting cargo For leisure time Your eBike. Your flow. Motors, displays, batteries, digital services: Our eBike systems are fully networked and can be found in over 100 eBike brands. Feel the Flow Your eBike with a Bosch system Products in the familiar Bosch quality Our products stand for high quality and reliability. To ensure your safety and that of your eBike, we test it extensively. That way, you can enjoy it for a long time. We take your safety seriously We are working on innovative solutions for greater safety and security – whether eBike ABS or our digital lock. We are also committed to a safer infrastructure and responsible eBiking. Smart features and digital services Whether additional digital theft protection, customised route planning or smart navigation: With our digital features and networked components, every ride becomes an experience. Comprehensive service and expert advice Personal advice and comprehensive all-round checks: Together with the dealer's eBike experts, we make sure you enjoy a great riding experience. Responsible mobility We continuously work on the product life cycle more environmentally, economically and socially sustainable. 1 / 5 Whatever your plans are Find your eBike Everyday life Sport Leisure Transport Through the city in the flow Whether stylish and compact or practical and flexible: with your eBike, you can glide through city traffic in a relaxed manner. Discover now Extra energy for the trail Faster, further, higher: Adrenaline rush and challenge. Discover now Awaken your thirst for adventure With your eBike, you can explore new routes, enjoy nature and escape the daily grind. Discover now More space, less stress Support, even when fully loaded: the Cargo eBike is your powerful load carrier and smart everyday hero. Discover now Our system. Your eBike. Bosch eBike Systems Drive Units Displays Apps & Services Batteries ABS Your eBike. Now smart. Enhance your riding experience Theft protection Our digital functions also protect your eBike - fully automatically when you switch it off. Your phone and your display are your digital keys. Customisation With the eBike Flow app, you can customise your eBike to your interests and needs - for a personalised riding and service experience. Favorite apps Connect the eBike Flow app with komoot, Strava or Apple Health as you wish. Transfer routes, record riding data and share it with friends and family. eBike Flow app Get more out of your eBike with the eBike Flow app and make your riding experience safer, smarter and more customised. Navigation Use your phone on the handlebar for navigation or navigate with your display - including turn-by-turn directions, ride details and voice output. Route planning Plan your route in as much detail as you like and adapt it to your riding style and preferences. To help you get there faster, we guide you along the best route to your destination. Activity tracking The eBike Flow app records your tour and fitness data as soon as you set off and synchronises it with Apple Health, Strava or komoot if you so wish. Which one is yours? eBikes in every category City eBike Explore eMTB Explore Touring eBike Explore Cargo eBike Explore Gravel eBike Explore Urban eBike Explore Light eMTB Explore eMTB Racing Explore Speed eBike Explore Hybrid eBike Explore News News from Bosch eBike Systems Best Brand for Motors 2025 More than fifteen thousand readers of E-Mountainbike Magazine have voted: Bosch eBike Systems is the Best Brand for Motors 2025. Read more New features for the eBike Flow app and the smart system – Version 1.30 Every ride is different. Every route is unique. Now you can not only increase the performance values of the Performance Line SX (BDU314Y), but also customize the screens of your Kiox 400C. If you use imported routes, you can follow them exactly – without automatic rerouting. eShift makes shifting more convenient. Read more New features for the eBike Flow app version 1.28 Your eBike is becoming more powerful, personal and practical. With the performance upgrade and the new eMTB+ riding mode, you determine your riding experience. We are also adding four new premium services to our Flow+ subscription¹: Share your eBike, protect your battery and keep track of everything, thanks to the Annual overview and 3D map display. Read more View all news Close by Find a local eBike dealer Google Maps Confirm external content Show map Click on the button to activate Google Maps. Activating embedded maps causes data to be transmitted to Google Ireland. For further information on processing, please see Google's Privacy Policy . Show filters Feel the Flow eBikes with Bosch system City eBike eMTB Touring eBike Cargo eBike Gravel eBike Hybrid eBike Speed eBike Brand (27) Sort & Filter (1) 1,495 eBikes Reset filter Scott Axis 30 - 2026 Performance Line 540 Wh Cannondale 27.5/29 U Tesoro 1 - 2025 Performance Line CX 800 Wh Moustache Xroad ES - 2026 Active Line Plus 500 Wh Yeti Cycles LTe T3 X0 AXS TRANSMISSION - 2026 Performance Line CX 800 Wh Corratec Life CX8 12S Automatic - 2026 Performance Line CX 800 Wh KTM MACINA KAPOHO PRO L Di2 - 2026 Performance Line CX 800 Wh Filter by equipment Bosch eBike ABS Bosch eBike ABS Pro ConnectModule eShift Light Luggage rack Fenders Backpedal brake Load more Over 100 brands trust our products Bianchi BULLS Cannondale Corratec Cube Gazelle Gepida Ghost Haibike KTM Moustache Orbea Riese & Müller Scott Trek Benno Butchers & Bicycles Mondraker Tern iZip Urban Arrow Yuba Kona Electra Ruff Cycles Schwinn Whyte Civia Priority Bicycles Surly Canyon Norco BATCH BICYCLES Niner TerraTrike Diamondback Catrike Ibis Husqvarna Coaster Cycles Commencal Crestline Vaast M1-Sporttechnik Pivot Cycles Salsa Cycles Marin Polygon Santa Cruz Merida Pacific Cycles Co-op Cycles Transition Devinci Yeti Cycles YT Industries Vello Azub No results Show all brands Bosch eBike newsletter Stay up to date. Exciting stories, interesting news, and practical information straight to your inbox. Register now Products eBike systems Drive units Batteries Displays Apps eBikes All eBikes City eBike eMTB Touring eBike Cargo eBike Service Help Center Dealer search Downloads Accessories & Retrofitting Status overview: Apps & Portals Further links Bosch eBike shop Bosch eBike dealer portal Bosch eBike Systems About us Contact Newsletter About Bosch Bosch in the USA Bosch Worldwide Bosch Press Change language Help Follow Company Information Legal notice General. Data protection Privacy settings Report a security vulnerability © Robert Bosch GmbH 2026, all rights reserved Back 1/5 Choose your region and your language Our website is available for different regions and in different languages. Please make your selection from the options below. Australia Austria Belgium Dutch French Canada English French Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Italy Japan Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Republic of Korea South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland French German Italian Taiwan United Kingdom United States The Bosch eBike systems System overview The smart system Bosch eBike system 2 Products & components Drive units Rechargeable batteries Displays & control units Chargers ABS Electric gear shifting solutions Riding modes Connected Biking & apps Connected Biking as an experience eBike Flow app Flow+ subscription More functions. More flow. Updates for the eBike Flow app. eBike Connect Connected Biking by topic Theft protection Navigation Personalization Updates and service eBikes with Bosch system eBike comparison ( 0 ) All eBike models 1,579 eBikes City eBike 261 eBikes eMTB 608 eBikes Touring eBike 385 eBikes Cargo eBike 120 eBikes Gravel eBike 36 eBikes Hybrid eBike 162 eBikes eBike brands with Bosch System Brand overview Over 100 brands Bianchi BULLS Cannondale Corratec Cube Gazelle Gepida Ghost Haibike KTM Moustache Orbea Riese & Müller Scott Trek Benno Butchers & Bicycles Mondraker Tern iZip Urban Arrow Yuba Kona Electra Ruff Cycles Schwinn Whyte Civia Priority Bicycles Surly Canyon Norco BATCH BICYCLES Niner TerraTrike Diamondback Catrike Ibis Husqvarna Coaster Cycles Commencal Crestline Vaast M1-Sporttechnik Pivot Cycles Salsa Cycles Marin Polygon Santa Cruz Merida Pacific Cycles Co-op Cycles Transition Devinci Yeti Cycles YT Industries Vello Azub No results Usage situations Everyday life Sport Leisure Transport Advice eBike consulting Range Calculator Battery safety Product combinations Guide Service Help Center Dealer search Accessories & retrofitting Software updates Downloads Contact For eBikers Overview News Stories Events Racing eMTB Challenge In focus News Best Brand for Motors 2025 More than fifteen thousand readers of E-Mountainbike Magazine have voted: Bosch eBike Systems is the Best Brand for Motors 2025. Read more Story 10 years #uphillflow Be curious. Climb up trails. Defy gravity. Read more News New features for the eBike Flow app and the smart system – Version 1.30 Every ride is different. Every route is unique. Now you can not only increase the performance values of the Performance Line SX (BDU314Y), but also customize the screens of your Kiox 400C. If you use imported routes, you can follow them exactly – without automatic rerouting. eShift makes shifting more convenient. Read more Company About us Product documentation Awards/Test wins Career What sets us apart Connected Biking Welcome to the smart future Safety Commitment to your safety Sus­tain­abil­i­ty Sustainable mobility Quality Products and service in Bosch quality Business Industry solutions Quick links eBike models System overview Find eBike dealer Sus­tain­abil­i­ty News & updates Battery guide Change language Help