Home | Bosch Rexroth Global Skip to main content International Select your location Bosch Rexroth around the world Asia & Pacific Australia China India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Korea Kyrgyzstan Malaysia Middle East New Zealand Philippines Saudi Arabia Singapore Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Vietnam Europe Austria Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkiye United Kingdom North America Canada Mexico USA South America Argentina Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Africa Botswana Egypt Ghana Morocco Mozambique Namibia South Africa WE MOVE. YOU WIN. Home Technology Company Careers Home Overview Technology Overview Company Overview Purpose and Culture Figures Executive Board Sustainability Our History Digital Transformation Sales Partner Network Press Portal CU.BE Purpose and Culture Overview Figures Overview Executive Board Overview Sustainability Overview Our History Overview Digital Transformation Overview Sales Partner Network Overview Become a Sales Partner Become a Sales Partner Overview Press Portal Overview CU.BE Overview Careers Overview International Select your location Location International Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Kazakhstan Korea Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico Middle East Morocco Mozambique Namibia Netherlands New Zealand Norway Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Turkiye Turkmenistan USA United Kingdom Uzbekistan Vietnam Bosch Rexroth  – your partner for hydraulics and automation Welcome to Bosch Rexroth. We are here to support you at every stage of your journey, offering cutting-edge automation solutions, software, and services to help you to drive your business efficient and powerful, more digital and sustainable. Explore our innovative drive and control technology, our company and our employees. Enjoy our stories and interviews about the latest trends in factory automation, industrial hydraulics, mobile hydraulics and electronics. Products Industries Service Technology for a better place? YOU DECIDE. Cancel Accept Bosch Rexroth Focus Topics Innovative technology makes a difference to the world. But it´s not about the technology, it´s about choosing to use it. Learn more about Bosch Rexroths Focus Topics  - Digital Transformation, Sustainability, People. Digital Transformation - Embracing the Power of Software Experience the future of digitalization with Bosch Rexroth. From dynamic movement to software-driven automation: our solutions are designed to increase productivity and save resources. Discover our digital solutions at all levels: from the field, up to cloud-based analytics using artificial intelligence. Digital - More about our approach Sustainability - Driving a more sustainable future forward We take a comprehensive approach to implementing sustainability throughout the entire product life cycle. Through innovative technologies and a circular approach, we strive for more energy and resource efficiency. Sustainability - More about our initiatives Empowering our people - opportunities to reach full potential At Bosch Rexroth, we believe the winning ingredient is our people. They drive our business as a high-performance organization on a global scale. We collaborate in international teams. We trust each other. We grow together. We are passionate about what we do. Want to join us? People - Join our Team More information about Bosch Rexroth Customer Experience Center CU.BE Experience CU.BEs: Bosch Rexroth's centers for innovation in factory automation and hydraulics. Collaborate, learn, and drive growth. Leadership Find out more about our executives and their responsibilities in the Board of Management. Sales Partner Network Explore our global network of Sales Partners, offering Bosch Rexroth’s solutions in over 80 countries. Making it even easier for you to quickly access our solutions, products and services. History From hammer mill to innovation hub. Explore the milestones in our company history. Figures Bosch Rexroth in numbers. Take a look at our figures from sales, to number of associates to reaserch and development. Stay up to date with our news and insights People The Onboarding Journey: Empowering New Hires for Long-Term Success News Step inside energy-saving initiatives in Bosch Rexroth production facilities News The Power of Learning: Unlocking Your Potential for Success News Remanufacturing: a second life for your electric drives? YOU DECIDE. News Strengthening our regional presence People Expanding horizons with our graduate program Technology Asset Administration Shell: unlocking the power of data Innovation Transforming off-highway vehicles for the future Technology Cobots: a key part of easy industrial automation Sustainability Taking steps for lasting transformation People Empowering our people Technology Energized by change Technology Get started with 5G or wait for 6G? People Creating a workplace that works Technology Building mobile robots the easy way Sustainability Getting batteries into the circular economy Innovation Giving robots a human touch Insight Top tips to strengthen your supply chain People Learning from the next generation News HydraForce acquisition: Together even stronger Insight Top tips for greater efficiency People Working smart with Smart Work News Unwrapping the magic this Christmas Innovation Unleash the eLION People We move. You win. Even during lockdown Insight Get tomorrow’s factory, today People A world of expertise in one place Insight Step into a more productive factory People Skilling the industry People How diversity shapes innovation People Taking talent to the next level Insight All you need to know about the AIoT Insight 6 key manufacturing trends for 2022 Technology Batch size 1? No problem! Insight Bringing our expertise closer to you People A life in motion Technology AMRs: the path ahead Innovation More collaboration, more innovation Innovation Bosch network creates solution with 3D print Technology Unlocking potential with software Insight Driving electrification forward Industry Human and machine: the ideal team People A culture of empowerment Innovation How to develop an award-winning innovation Innovation Subsea innovation: surfacing now Insight The expert’s view: artificial intelligence (part 2) Innovation The Factory of the Future, revealed News Wake up to 7:51 Breakfast News Insight The expert’s view: artificial intelligence Insight Ready to defeat downtime Innovation Your future from the ground up Hannover Messe 7 ways to get ahead Industry The changing face of factories People Delivering our promise: WE MOVE. YOU WIN. Insight Welcome to our digital world Heritage Keeping you moving for 225 years Technology 5G: the force is with you Load more stories © Bosch Rexroth AG 2014-2025, all rights reserved Imprint Data Protection Notice Legal Notice Certificates Purchasing and Logistics Compliance Product Security Cookie Settings