Home - Boston Review Skip to Main Content Help Us Stay Paywall-Free Donate Menu Subscribe Sign In Search Subscribe Sign In Search Forum Archive Sections Arts in Society Class & Inequality Gender & Sexuality Law Philosophy Politics Race Science About Mission Masthead 50 Years of BR Engage Events Newsletter Store Reading Lists Support Donate Membership Contact Submissions Jobs Contact Us Latest 50 Years of BR Newsletter Donate Store Events About Current Issue Browse All Issues Arts in Society A Brief History of AI Psychosis A short story. Emmett Rensin The Latest Politics Baghdad’s Blank Slate The massive development projects the Iraqi government has planned for the city seem designed to wipe it clean of its past memories. Nabil Salih Arts in Society A Good Neighbor The late Marcel Ophuls made films about the twentieth century’s great crimes—and the trail of guilt they left behind. Aaron Labaree Reading List Our Most Loved Pieces of 2025 Revisit the writing from this year that readers turned to the most. Politics The Struggle for Honduras U.S. meddling casts a dark shadow over recent elections, following four years of left-wing government under Xiomara Castro. Lauren Carasik Politics Race The Land Question Fighting apartheid has become a global paradigm for justice struggles. That’s not how many Black liberationists in South Africa understood their cause. Panashe Chigumadzi Gender & Sexuality Tainted Ladies Liberal feminism is collapsing. Who’s really to blame? Lorna Finlayson Politics The Real Border Crisis The problem isn’t immigration. It’s the failure of liberal democracy itself. Lea Ypi with responses from Paulina Ochoa Espejo T. Alexander Aleinikoff Dara Lind Daniel Denvir Chandran Kukathas Ayelet Shachar Arts in Society The Claims of Close Reading Literary studies have been starved by austerity, but their core methodology remains radical. Johanna Winant Class & Inequality Gender & Sexuality The Care Factory In the decades since the Wages for Housework movement, care work has become a site of profit in ways its leaders could never have predicted. Emily Baughan Sign up for our newsletter X/Twitter This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Celebrating 50 years of Boston Review “ Birkerts saw more deeply than anyone else what alterations the online life might produce in our culture and selfhood. The standardizing of language and the extinction of its rich idiosyncrasies; a gradually increasing impatience with verbal complexity, subtlety, difficulty: our compulsive immersion in an endless, seductive sequence of clicks; minds that skip horizontally along a network of links rather than sinking into depths of symbol and irony: these developments have won out so decisively that many people cannot—or refuse to—see them. — George Scialabba , critic and essayist, on Sven Birkerts’s “ Into the Electronic Millennium ” (1991) Forums Politics The Real Border Crisis The problem isn’t immigration. It’s the failure of liberal democracy itself. Lea Ypi with responses from Paulina Ochoa Espejo T. Alexander Aleinikoff Dara Lind Daniel Denvir Chandran Kukathas Ayelet Shachar Politics The Responsibility of Intellectuals in the Age of Fascism and Genocide Speaking the truth and exposing lies is not enough. Robin D. G. Kelley with responses from David Waldstreicher Jennifer Zacharia Martin O’Neill Law Politics The Right to Be Hostile Crackdowns on pro-Palestinian protest force a reckoning with inflated definitions of harm and harassment. Alex Gourevitch with responses from Robin Marie Averbeck Nicole Hemmer Diane Klein Kemker David S. Busch Louis P. M. Römer Tabatha Abu El-Haj Chase Madar Current issue The real crisis fueling the war on immigrants. Lea Ypi leads a forum with Paulina Ochoa Espejo , Daniel Denvir , and T. Alexander Aleinikoff . Plus Lorna Finlayson on the gender backlash, Panashe Chigumadzi on apartheid v. settler colonialism, Aaron Labaree on Marcel Ophuls, and more. Events Learn more about our in-person and virtual events with leading scholars, writers, and activists. The War on Immigrants Politics Blood Ties Trump’s “invasion” narrative and the real story of pain in America. Jeanne Morefield Class & Inequality Politics Mutual Aid in the Age of Fascism As people are being deputized to do violence, building connections is political resistance. Judith Levine Politics The Strongman’s Surveillance State The Trump administration has unfrozen a Biden-era hold on powerful Israeli-made spyware, now in the hands of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Sophia Goodfriend “The contested election is emblematic of crises being created and inflamed around the world by Trump’s bellicose foreign policy.” —Lauren Carasik, “The Struggle for Honduras” “Few of the term’s adoptees have bothered to ask if ‘apartheid’ accurately describes the genesis of the injustices in South African history—and elsewhere.” —Panashe Chigumadzi, “The Land Question” “The anti-gender movement is hateful and wrong about more or less everything. But what they are attacking is not always something I can defend with much enthusiasm.” —Lorna Finlayson, “Tainted Ladies” “Even progressives who reject specific right-wing migration policies have bought into the broader politics behind them.” —“The Real Border Crisis,” a forum led by Lea Ypi “In our work, we assumed—before anything else, before any evidence—that there was meaning, and that we were rational, and we decided that we treat texts, ourselves, and each other this way.” —Johanna Winant, “The Claims of Close Reading” “Just as many men hesitated to strike on the grounds that their dependents relied on their wages, the bargaining of housewives was limited by love . ” —Emily Baughan, “The Care Factory” On Firearms Law Philosophy Politics Science Strapped My eight years with a gun. Hal Stucker Class & Inequality Politics Teachers with Guns What happens when a school district votes to arm teachers? A Rust Belt educator on the grim realities of training to kill one of his own students. Thomas Baxter Gender & Sexuality Race Guns in the Family A childhood steeped in guns shows that toxic masculinity and racism are at the heart of U.S. gun culture. Walter Johnson From the Archive Race The Origins of Birthright Citizenship The Fourteenth Amendment captures the idea that no people born in the United States should be forced to live in the shadows. Robert L. Tsai Reading Lists Reading List The Literature of Repression Reading fiction under fascism Reading List Lessons from the March on Washington The long arc of movements for social justice Reading List Eighty Years after Hiroshima Eight decades of the contradictions of “nuclear democracy” trending_flat Get our newsletter Vital reading on politics, ideas, and culture to your inbox Instagram This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) A political and literary forum, independent and nonprofit since 1975 Registered 501(c)(3) organization X Bluesky Instagram Facebook About Mission & History 50 Years of BR Masthead Annual Reports Support Donate Membership Engage Events Newsletter Store Reading Lists Contact Submissions Jobs Contact Us Help Us Stay Paywall-Free Donate Become a Member Subscribe © 2025 All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Built by Metropolis Give the gift of Boston Review This holiday season, get the serious reader in your life a membership to Boston Review. Gift memberships include four quarterly issues and access to our entire digital archive dating back to 1975. Place your order by December 22 and your recipient will get digital access by the 25th. Order now close