Home
Bad Credit Payday Loans
How it Works
Blog
Guides
Contact
APPLY NOW
Quick, Simple Loans
£100 to £5,000, same day payout*
Borrow From 1 to 36 Months
Bad Credit Considered
100% Online Application
Same Day Payout*
No Upfront Fees
Why Choose Us?
How much can I borrow?
No Hidden Fees
£100 - £5,000
Over how long?
Flexible Repayments
1 - 36 Months
Can I apply with Bad Credit?
Quick Decision
Yes
How do I apply?
Fully SSL Secured
100% Online
When can I apply?
Even on Bank Holidays
24/7
SHORT TERM LOANS!
Get Cash Paid Today*
£2500
£
Months
APPLY NOW!

Warning: Late repayment can cause you serious money problems. For help, go to moneyadviceservice.org.uk. Boutell.co.uk is a broker, not a lender, and does not make credit decisions.

Here's an example to illustrate: Rates from 48.1% APR to 1721% APR. The minimum Loan Term is 1 month. The maximum Loan Term is 36 months. Representative Example: £1,000 borrowed for 18 months. Repayment of £89.22. The total amount repayable is £1605.96. Interest amounts to £570.44, an annual interest rate of 59.97% (fixed) Representative APR: 79.5% (variable).

*Sameday payout depends on the lender and your bank

How It Works

Apply online and have your cash the same day*

APPLY NOW
Apply Online

100% online. No paperwork

Processed

Application sent to panel of lenders

Review Terms

If accepted, check the terms of the loan offer

Bank Transfer

Same day deposit

Fair, Trustworthy & Responsible Lending
We ensure any loan is affordable for you.
Boutell is a Leading UK Broker

Boutell are a leading, UK based credit broker specialising in short term loans. We pride ourselves on being able to match our customers, regardless of credit history with a reputable direct lender within minutes of submitting an application. What's more, when you securely apply for a loan with Boutell, there will be no lasting footprint on your credit report. Our lending partners will only perform a soft search to confirm basic details.

Bad / Poor Credit Accepted

Boutell and it's network of lenders don't discriminate. We accept applications from all who meet our eligibility criteria. Regardless of your credit score or previous history we'll endeavour to match you with a lender who is able to offer bad credit payday loans and additional forms of short term finance for poor credit. Customer satisfaction is our number one priority here at Boutell and as a result we will do our utmost to make sure we provide you with a service you can rely on.

Our Eligibility Criteria

If you're over 18, have a UK bank account, are a UK resident and have a regular / monthly income, you're eligible to apply for a payday loan via Boutell. Our application form takes less than 2 minutes to fill in and you'll then receive an instant, on screen decision. We value our customers time and have made every effort to ensure that our online loan application process is designed with the consumer in mind. We'll only ask the most basic details. Our lenders specialise in payday loans for bad credit so even if you have a low credit rating, you can still apply.

We Offer Flexible Repayment Terms

The loans offered by our lending network can be repaid in as little as one month, or up to 36 - regardless of the amount you borrow. Interest will vary depending on the term you choose to take the loan over so you can tailor the terms to suit your situation. You can read more about how we can help via our how it works page. We pride ourselves on offering an entirely flexible and transparent service. This is one makes us a leader in the UK short term loan space.

On Screen Decision

Our application process takes less than 2 minutes. We only ask the most basic information. Once you've submitted the form, you'll be presented with an instant on screen decision. You can then choose whether or not to agree to the loan offer presented to you. Here at Boutell, we're all about providing a speedy and efficient service whilst putting the customer first at every point in the journey. Our quick loans are designed to do exactly that, offer a quick way to short term finance as and when you need it.

No Paperwork - Secure Online Application

Boutell along with its network of lenders are a fully web-based service, which means everything is done online - from initial application to approval to the actual loan transfer. There is no paperwork to fill in with any of the loans offered. If you wish to apply for a loan, simply access our secure application form and follow the on-screen instructions to get started. All of the information you enter is completely secure.

How Can Boutell Loans Help You?
Our primary goal is to help support you through financial difficulties.
We Understand Financial Difficulty

We are aware that some of the primary consumers of our service are those who are in financial difficulty. Whether it's your first time or you've struggled in the past, we understand. Our service has been designed to cater for both those with a poor or bad credit history right through to those with good credit who simply need a helping hand to tide them over. Whatever the circumstances, Boutell is here to help. We're a customer first company, we don't discrimate, we understand life its ups and downs and sometimes you just need a little help. We get it and we're here to support you.

Our Customer First Approach

Treating our customers fairly and building our service around giving the customer what they want is at the very core of what Boutell stands for. The development of our website and service has always had a customer first approach. We've attempted to make the entire process of getting access to quick, short term funding as simple and straight forward as possible. But our service does not stop there. We've made sure that we only partner with reputable lenders who share the same ethos and put customer satisfaction at the very heart of the lending experience.

Quick and Safe Online Borrowing

Boutell was created with one goal in mind, to create a safe and secure borrowing environment for the customer - and we believe we've acheieved that. Our website allows you to apply for short term funding within minutes, all in a highly secure, fair and reliable manner. Data security, both ours and that of our customers is of paramount importance and we believe we've created a service which is both a speedy and secure way to borrow money online.

If you wish to get started, head over to our secure application form.

Reasons to Apply via Boutell.co.uk

Boutell prides itself on offering a quick and easy, highly secure service. Our goal is to get you, our customers the funding you desire as quickly as possible. We'll always treat you fairly and endeavour to make sure you're armed with all the information you need throughout the process. Here are just a few reasons to choose Boutell.

Quick Application
Highly Secure
FCA Registered
Loans up to £5,000
UK Based

We promise we will do our utmost to match you to a reputable lender who can meet your needs and more!

Here's what our customers think :-
Finding the Right Advice
Additional resources you may find useful if you're struggling financially.
Unbiased / Independent Money Advice

The UK Government offer an excellent go-to resource when it comes to financial management. Their Money Advice Service has been created to offer free and impartial advice and features an extensive collection of resources to help you improve your finances. There are also tools such as budget planners ans calculators available and you can also chat with their advisors over the web, phone and even WhatsApp. They're extremely accessible and highly recommended by Boutell.

The Financial Advice section of the Citizens Advice website is another useful resource in terms of learning your rights and understanding of how to navigate certain situations that tend to arise when you find yourself in financial difficulty.

Debt Help and Advisory Services

If you're worried about debt, you should visit the StepChange Website. They're a well known UK debt charity who offer free debt advice online. All information is entirely impartial, they're here to help. You can request confidential, expert advice and have solutions recommended to you to help assist you through your financial difficulty. They have helped over 5 million people since 1993 and deal in specific solutions such as debt management plans, arrangements and bankruptcy.

In addition, you may also want to consider speaking with National Debt Line. This is another debt charity who offer free, impartial advice when it comes to dealing with debt. They have a wealth of information available on their website and you can also get in touch with them via the telephone or webchat.

Treating Customers Fairly

The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) requires all registered firms to show that fair treatment of their customers is at the heart of their business model. Boutell adheres to this policy stringently as do all of the lenders we are partnered with. Our service has been designed to allow our customers quick and secure access to funding whilst being entirely fair, honest and transparent about the entire process. The lenders we work with want to help you and will all work diligently to make sure you needs are met throughout the entire lending process.

Boutell's Promise to You

Boutell endeavours to provide access quick and secure funding which not only meets the needs of the customer from a financial standpoint but also does it in a fair, honest and transparent manner. The lenders we partner with are all highly reputable, UK based direct providers of short term finance and all follow the TCF (treating customers fairly) policy outlined by the FCA. We've designed our website and service with you in mind and have tried to make the whole experience as quick and easy as possible. We take customer satisfaction very seriously as Boutell, we're here to help you.

How much would you like to borrow?
£100 LOAN
£200 LOAN
£300 LOAN
£400 LOAN
£500 LOAN
£600 LOAN
£700 LOAN
£800 LOAN
£1,000 LOAN
£1,500 LOAN
£2,500 LOAN
£5,000 LOAN
Some of the Loans We Offer

Different loan types for different purposes, here are just a few!

Bad Credit Loans
Borrow Money
£200 Loans
£300 Loans
Borrow Money Online
Get Money Now
Fast Loans
Instant Loans
Little Loans
Loans for People on Benefits
Bad Credit Payday Loans
Online Loans
Payday Lenders
Payday Loans
Payday Loans Online
Quick Loans
Same Day Loans
Loans for Bad Credit
How much would you like to borrow?
£100 to £5,000, same day payout*
£2500
£
Months
APPLY NOW!
Latest From The Boutell Blog
Visit Our Blog
5 Simple Ways to Improve Your Financial Standing
Quick Ways to Save Even More Money
5 New Ways to Reduce Your Monthly Bills
How to Live Frugally without Feeling Deprived

Boutell.co.uk is an FCA registered trading name of Chojin Ltd. Chojin Ltd is regulated and authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority and is entered on the Financial Services Register, reference number 732880. Licensed by the Information Commissioners Office (registration number ZA214952).

Chojin Ltd is registered in England and Wales (Company number 07339611), the registered office is located at 241 Highland Drive, Loughborough, Leicestershire, United Kingdom, LE11 2QF.

Home
Blog
Guides
How it Works
Apply
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact
Complaints Policy
TCF Policy
Follow Us
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Twitter
Boutell.co.uk
22 The Bramhall Centre
Bramhall
Stockport
United Kingdom
SK7 1AW
Tel: 0800 046 1698

© Copyright 2025, Boutell.co.uk