Bowers & Wilkins | True Sound in Headphones, Loudspeakers & Audio Systems Skip to main content Skip to footer content Orders placed after 12pm ET on 12/30 will ship 1/7 - 1/9 0 Menu Close Back Speakers Shop All Speakers Loudspeakers Shop All Nautilus 801 Abbey Road Limited Edition Signature 800 Series Diamond 700 Series 600 Series Subwoofers Shop All DB Series ASW Series Home Theater Shop All Mini Theater In-Wall & In-Ceiling Shop All Home Audio Commercial Audio Custom Theater Marine Outdoor Accessories Wireless Speakers Shop All Wireless Speakers Zeppelin Pro Edition Zeppelin Panorama 3 Formation Series Wireless Home Theater Multiroom Audio Accessories Headphones Shop All Headphones Over-Ear Headphones Shop All Px8 S2 McLaren Edition Px8 S2 Px8 McLaren Edition Px8 Px7 S3 Px7 S2e Wireless Earbuds Shop All Pi8 McLaren Edition Pi8 Pi6 Pi7 S2 Sound Bars Shop All Sound Bars Panorama 3 Gift Guide About Us Our Story Collaborations Brand Partnerships Bowers & Wilkins Music App Blog Support My Account Find a Retailer 0 Celebrate with audio excellence Make this year sound unforgettable Shop gift guide Pi8 Save $150 Shop now Pi6 Save $50 Shop now Px8 S2 McLaren Edition The Px8 S2 McLaren Edition is the newest expression of the partnership between Bowers & Wilkins, McLaren Automotive, and McLaren Racing. It fuses the exceptional wireless sound and luxurious materials synonymous with Bowers & Wilkins’ flagship over-ear headphones with a bold new McLaren-inspired design. Discover more True Sound There’s nothing quite like experiencing the True Sound of a performance. At Bowers & Wilkins, our dedicated engineers develop and integrate the highest calibre of performance audio technology into our products. The result allows you to hear music and movies with the striking accuracy and realism of the original recording, with nothing added and nothing taken away. Px8 S2 A statement of headphone excellence Discover More Zeppelin Pro Edition Beautiful design meets best-in-class sound Discover More Pi8 In-ear True Wireless earbuds Discover More Px8 Hear your music as it was meant to be heard Discover More Px7 S3 Great sound has the power to lift every moment Discover More 600 Series For the love of music Discover More Previous Next Why buy direct from Bowers & Wilkins Free delivery Fast and complimentary for all online orders 30-day returns Try our speakers and headphones risk-free for 30 days Warranty Up to 5 year limited warranty valid from the date of purchase Buy now, pay over time Flexible payment options available Learn more > Browse our articles Choosing the ideal headphone Headphones make great travel companions, but which are best for you? In this guide, we walk you through some simple steps to choosing the perfect headphones for any occasion. Read more Inside the 600 Series technology: exceptional sound at an affordable price Discover how cutting-edge technology from our flagship loudspeakers brings True Sound to the most accessible Bowers & Wilkins range – the 600 Series. Read more Designed to fit: engineering the award-winning Pi8 and Pi6 earbuds Our latest in-ear headphones are the perfect example of a fit and comfort success story. Read more Listen to music the way it’s meant to be heard Loudspeakers The word “iconic” is sometimes overused— but where Bowers & Wilkins is concerned, it’s fully justified Discover More Wireless Speakers Our entire range of wireless speakers is designed to deliver high-quality hi-fi sound with wireless convenience Discover More Headphones Enjoy legendary sound quality in private or transit with our wireless earbuds and over-ear wireless headphones Discover More Sound Bars Enjoy the best seat in the house — our sound bars put you right in the action Discover More Integrated solutions that fit seamlessly into your surroundings Custom Sound Solutions Trusted by the most impactful voices in the world Abbey Road Studios Uniting two of the world’s iconic audio brands Discover More Aston Martin Ultra-luxury meets performance Discover More BMW Studio-grade audio that’s all around you Discover More McLaren An audio experience to equal the motoring experience Discover More Philips TV and Monitors Hear exactly what the pictures sound like Discover More Polestar The sound of boundaries being broken Discover More Volvo Cars Enjoyment through innovation Discover More Previous Next Never miss a beat. Connect with us on social. 5541 Fermi Court Carlsbad, CA 92008 5541 Fermi Court Carlsbad, CA 92008 1-800 370 3740 Find a Retailer By starting this chat, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . A transcript of your chat session may be retained for our records and quality assurance purposes. Close Order Support Order Support Contact Us Pre-Purchase Track Order Shipping Policy Order Support FAQ Return Policy Start a Return Student Discount Product Support Product Support Contact Us Product Registration Product Support Product Archive Warranty Distributors About Us About Us Our Story Blog Our Partners Collaborations Careers Music App Outlet Become a Dealer Sign up for product launches, promotions, & news Please enter a valid email address. By submitting your email, you agree to the Bowers & Wilkins privacy policy and are opting-in to marketing communications. Please agree to our privacy policy to continue Sign up for texts United States | EN Select Your Location Americas United States | English Canada | English Canada | Français Asia Pacific Australia | English 中国大陆 | 简体中文 日本 | 日本語 Europe United Kingdom | English Belgique | Français France | Français Deutschland | Deutsch Österreich | Deutsch Nederland | Nederlands Global | English 5541 Fermi Court Carlsbad, CA 92008 5541 Fermi Court Carlsbad, CA 92008 1-800 370 3740 Find a Retailer By starting this chat, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . A transcript of your chat session may be retained for our records and quality assurance purposes. Close Privacy Policy CA Compliance Do Not Sell My Personal Information Terms of Sale Terms of Use Accessibility © Harman International Industries, Incorporated. All rights reserved. Be the first to know Sign up to receive an email when this item comes into stock. Sign Up By clicking sign up, I am agreeing to the Bowers & Wilkins Privacy Policy . You are on the United States website. We recommend Global for you. Choose a different website. United States Global Remove Product? Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? Cancel Yes