Boyuan - Let Everyone Enjoy The Beauty Of Digital Life About Us  About Company Boyuan Internet Company Culture Our Services  News Feed Media Partners H5 Image News Ad Monetization Ads&Traffic Partners Contact Us  Boyuan Internet Let Everyone Enjoy The Beauty Of Digital Life  About Company  BOYUAN INTERNET focuses on international content and media ads business, providing users with a rich mixture of content and helping our partner to commercialize the mobile traffic. Boyuan Internet  Headquartered in Hong Kong, it covers users in India, Indonesia, Thailand, Africa, and Europe. The operation team has over 100 members who are well-versed in user preferences and traffic provider’s requirements, have strong technical capabilities, and have developed a recommendation engine algorithm that is highly accurate and adaptable.  Company Culture Company Values Integrity, Professionalism, Efficiency, Win-win Company Mission Through continuous technological integration and innovation, we provide customers with leading advertising and content services. Company Vision By making our partners be successfull in the business, we are committed to becoming a leading advertising and content service provider in the world. News Feed  Rather than creating news, our company specializes in gathering and recommending news to our users. It's not an easy task to sift through a vast amount of news and deliver the best and most preferred content to users in a timely manner. Our core advantage lies in our intelligent algorithms for content recommendation and search. Using powerful artificial intelligence (AI) technology, we provide valuable content and content search services that match users' preferences and satisfy our clients. Exclusive And Top-tier Media Partners Spread Worldwide H5 Mini-games Are Mainly Casual Games, With More Than 300 Games In Library. Covers 14 categories such as Action/Casual/Arcade/Sports/Racing/Board. Multi-account advertising operations and commercialization capabilities. Advertising Monetization Platform Strive for the perfect balance between ads and content, attracting users and turning them into loyal customers; Aim for longer user engagement and learn about their thoughts through page interactions. We believe that monetization should come naturally as a result of high-quality content. Our Ads Partners Our Traffic Partners Get In Touch Contact us, we're happy to assist you any time! Send us a message FIRST NAME Error message LAST NAME Error message EMAIL Error message MESSAGE Error message SUBMIT International headquarters  OFFICE NO.3 10/F WITTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING 1A-1L TUNG CHOI STREET MONGKOK KOWLOON HONG KONG Shenzhen office  BAK Technology Building, No. 9 Keke Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province Indonesia office  Scbd, Jl. Jenderal Sudirman No.52-53, RW.3, Senayan, Jakarta, Kota Jakarta Selatan, Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta India office  GATE NO. 4, WZ 105-106, 2ND FLOOR, near SUBHASH NAGAR METRO STATION, opp. PILLAR NO- 479, Meenakshi Garden, Delhi, 110018, India