Bank of the Philippine Islands | BPI Skip to main content Personal Banking Back Personal Banking overview Do more with BPI. Bank Investments Cards Insurance Loans Rewards & Promotions Wealth Management Back Wealth Management overview Providing wealth solutions to help keep your financial goals in track. Financial Growth Planning for the Future Premium Experiences SME Banking Back SME Banking overview Championing support for local SMEs with madali, magaan, mabilis Ka-Negosyo solutions. Loans Cashflow Management Insurance Promos Institutional Banking Back Institutional Banking overview Your company's partner for business success. Cashflow Business Transactions Employee Care Financing Investments Asset Protection About BPI Back About BPI overview Nurturing futures, nurturing Filipinos. Our Company Investor Relations Governance Sustainability Careers Information and Resources News Disclosures Data Privacy Financial Consumer Protection Subsidiaries and Affiliates BPI Europe BPI Wealth BPI Wealth Hong Kong BPI Wealth Singapore View All What would you like to search today? Type in at least 3 characters to begin your search LOGIN You are exiting the site....... Please confirm Test modal description... Continue Building a better Philippines — one family, one community at a time Leading the way BPI continues to pave the way for the Philippine banking and financial industry, supporting economic growth and nation-building. Sustainability Promoting Sustainability and Wellness BPI Best Life Run strengthens communities and promotes wellness as part of the BPI's social sustainability goals. READ MORE Digitalization Championing Digital Safety and Consumer Protection BPI leads a united effort to fight cyber threats, foster cross-sector collaboration, and protect consumers. READ MORE Financial Inclusion Expanding financial literacy efforts BPI Foundation’s FinEd Unboxed reflects its commitment to the aspiration, “Kasama Lahat sa Pag-Unlad.” READ MORE Our approach to sustainability BPI upholds responsible banking — incorporating environmental, social, and governance principles in the conduct of its business. Sustainability agenda Sustainability funding framework Sustainability products & services The Newsroom Read about BPI's latest news and stories from the media. BPI achieves green building EDGE Certification for 11 more branches With its focus on digitalization, cybersecurity, sustainability, and financial inclusion... Read more BPI marks 174th anniversary with strong growth, bold vision for nation-building BPI marks 174th anniversary with strong growth, bold vision for nation-build... Read more BPI solidifies commitment to Cybersecurity at National Cybercrime Summit as Best Sustainable Bank for the fifth consecutive year, the Bank with the Biggest ESG... Read more Visit the Newsroom We are a leader in financial services BPI is acknowledged as a leading provider of financial services and an industry pillar in the Philippines. Who we are Learn More Our Network Learn More Our Leadership Learn More Our Awards BPI is recognized by some of the most prestigious local and international award-giving bodies. Best Retail Bank in the Philippines Philippines Employee Engagement of the Year – Banking (Innovation Lab program) Outstanding Chatbot Customer Experience – Philippines Best Sustainable Bank – Domestic VIEW OUR AWARDS Careers Investing in our people VIEW OPEN POSITIONS Let's explore solutions together BPI is here to help you do more and achieve more, no matter your journey in life. BPI Wealth Empowering Filipinos to build their best future with us LEARN MORE Insights and blogs Long-Term Investment Opportunities in the Philippines READ MORE Insights and blogs Find Out What Credit Card Fits Your Lifestyle READ MORE Insights and blogs Keep Your Credit in Check READ MORE Insights and blogs How to Use VYBE READ MORE Need more help? Get all the help for your banking needs. Find a branch/ ATM View system status View scheduled maintenance Explore Help & Support 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 * 0 # The call placed on hold We use cookies We use cookies to improve your experience and provide you with better services. By continuing to browse our website, you agree to our privacy policy . Accept Decline About BPI Overview Investor Relations Governance News Sustainability Careers Site Links Data Privacy Financial Consumer Protection Corporate office Bank of the Philippine Islands Ayala Triangle Gardens Tower 2, Paseo de Roxas corner Makati Avenue, Makati City 1226 Follow Us BPI is a proud member of Deposits are insured by PDIC up to ₱1 Million per depositor. BPI is regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas https://www.bsp.gov.ph © Copyright 2023. All rights reserved. Data Privacy Seal CLOSE PDIC Clause CLOSE