bpost will see to it | bpost 0000 Skip to main content Toggle navigation × The benefits of a bpost account? You can use all our tools and apps with one email address and password Easy access to your shipping history with the shipping tool Check your order history in the eShop Track all your parcels with the My bpost app Sign in Register Business portal Residential Business Public Sector EN Toggle Dropdown EN NL FR DE My bpost Sign in Register Business portal Residential Business Public Sector EN Toggle Dropdown EN NL FR DE Toggle navigation × - Find bpost Make a mailing label Track & Trace Calculate the price Back Send a parcel Receive a parcel Send a letter Frequently asked questions eShop Hallo, Ik spreek Nederlands Bonjour, Je parle Français Hello, I speak English Guten Tag, Ich spreche Deutsch Please note : Our post offices close at 12:30 on Wednesday, December 31. Welcome to bpost New name. More convenience. Meet bbox. Discover bbox Track & Trace Find bpost Calculate Make a shipping label Track & Trace Barcode Help Barcode PostalCode PostalCode Postal code is not required Track your shipments with ease Easily track all your parcels with the My bpost app × Regrettably, we cannot help you without the barcode. You'll find the barcode in the following places: consignment ticket receipt mailing receipt notice of absence confirmation e-mail communication from the sender Get more information about where to find your barcode . Find bpost Back to search Hainaut Antwerpen Bruxelles Limburg Liège Luxembourg Namur Oost-Vlaanderen Vlaams-Brabant Brabant wallon West-Vlaanderen Calculate Destination Destination Belgium Germany France Netherlands United Kingdom Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Azores Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia (Plurinational State of) Bonaire Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canary Islands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Ceuta Chad Chile China Colombia Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Faroer Islands Fiji Finland French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Gibraltar Great Britain Greece Greenland Guadeloupe Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana (Br) Guyana (Fr) Haiti Holy Cross Hongkong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran (Islamic Republic of) Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Madeira Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mariana Islands Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Melilla Mexico Micronesia (Federated States of) Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Morocco Mozambique Namibia Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Northern Ireland Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Island Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Bartholomew Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Thomas Saint-John Samoa (USA) Samoa (West) San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taïwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) Vietnam Virgin Islands Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Weight Weight guide Weight + 0 - 50 g + 50 - 100 g + 100 - 350 g + 350 - 500 g + 500 - 1 kg + 1 - 1,5 kg + 1,5 - 2 kg + 2 - 5 kg + 5 - 10 kg + 10 - 20 kg + 20 - 30 kg Calculate Total weight (kg) can be maximum 20 kg for this country of destination Consult all our rates 117 #collect-point, #an-address, #parcel-locker 117 #collect-point 117 #collect-point, #an-address, #parcel-locker × Weight guide 0 - 50g letter or greeting card 50 - 100g 4 sheets of A4 paper 100 - 350g 20 sheets of A4 paper, dvd in bubble envelope 350g - 1kg mobile phone, pair of jeans 1kg - 2kg pair of trainers 2kg - 5kg books, magazines 5 - 10kg laptop, home printer, speaker 10 - 30kg TV, computer This weight guide is an estimate. We suggest you check the actual weight of your item where possible. Make a shipping label Flood victim? bpost is here to help you. If you have to relocate because of the floods, bpost will forward your post free of charge for 12 weeks to the address of your choice. To do so, contact us at 02/278.51.29. Don't forget to have your identity card ready, as well as those of the people aged over 15 who live with you. Please note: without a request for temporary forwarding, your post will be returned to sender with the indication: 'flood'. Call 02/278.51.29 Recent updates Returning your number plate? Easy and safe! Send registered mail via the shipping tool Returning your number plate? Easy and safe! Returning your number plate? Easy and safe! As from 1 August 2025, the procedure for cancelling number plates has changed. Simply return your official number plate via bpost - no packaging needed, full tracking online and instant proof of drop-off. Find out how it works Send registered mail via the shipping tool Send registered mail via the shipping tool You could already do it in the My bpost app, and now it’s available in the shipping tool too! Prepare your registered mail online in just a few steps, stick the label on your envelope, and drop it in a Red Letterbox. Prepare your registered mail Pimp your student flat for free with bbox! It's back to school time! Now's the perfect moment to make your student flat super cosy! Come and see us at a Student Kick-Off event. We're offering you the chance to win some super stylish decorative items. 🏆 Up for grabs: posters , designer candles , mugs , mocktail kits and lots of other surprises . More info Summer happiness also comes with a postcard Drinks on the beach, ice cream treats or festival fun? Share your summer via Mobile Postcard! Personalizable with your photos and video From your smartphone to the letterbox 1st card for free Download the Mobile Postcard app National parcel International parcel Return a parcel Send or Return a parcel ? Send or return parcels up to 30 kg in Belgium or abroad. Stamps and registered mail Buying stamps and sending and receiving registered mail. Buying stamps Send registered mail Receive registered mail Pick up your parcel when it suits you best No need to wait at home for your parcel Choose your Pick-up point Follow all your parcels in one app Even those of other postal services Discover the My bpost app Receiving your parcel as quickly as possible? Avoid missing your parcel Discover our tools and tips bbox: new look, more parcel perks Expanding to 2500 locations this year Send and receive 24/7 For your parcels, and soon, much more Find a bbox locker nearby Perhaps you would like to know more about these subjects Parcels Registered mail Letters Read more A conscious choice for bpost? That’s eco-logical The turbo on our greening plans is running at full speed. More of our vehicles are electric, we create sustainable work, and we bring society closer together. Our sustainable efforts Download My bpost app Download My bpost app Solution immédiate Send a parcel Receive a parcel Send a letter or card Calculate a price Points of sale Aide Frequently asked questions Privacy General terms and conditions Cookies notice Cookies setting Accessibility Disclaimer Plus eShop Working at bpost bnode Suppliers Suivez bpost sur Copyright © 2025 bpost -