Contact Sales
Log In
Solutions
Resources
Explore
Plans
The power of joyful learning.
The promise of lifelong impact.

Meet BrainPOP, the best part of a learner's day—and the name millions of educators trust to create engaging, effective learning experiences that every kid loves.

Explore BrainPOP
Administrators

Support your curriculum needs while providing memorable learning experiences that deliver real impact.

Teachers

Elevate every lesson with products that work alongside the instructional practices you know work best.

At Home

Capture kids' attention from start to finish with learning that’s irresistible.

CREATE LIFELONG IMPACT
Proven solutions for every school and district

Serious learning can—and should—be seriously fun. Rooted in research on how kids learn best, BrainPOP complements your core by sparking students’ curiosity and boosting achievement with products that are proven effective for all learners.

Across the curriculum

Build content knowledge, vocabulary, and comprehension skills for grades K-8+.

Learn More
Middle school science

Ensure every middle school science classroom has what they need to support high school readiness.

Learn More
TEACH WITH CONFIDENCE
Create classrooms that buzz with excitement

From building content knowledge to supporting your English language learners—and everything in between—our products help you build the classroom you know students need to feel seen, heard, and inspired to learn.

Grades 3-8

The most engaging way to build grade-level background knowledge.

Grades K-3

Active, animated learning for young learners.

Grades 6-8

Science that’s as multidimensional as your middle schoolers.

All grades

Vocabulary and grammar lessons for English learners.

"My students are thrilled every time they see BrainPOP"

"My students are

thrilled

every time they see BrainPOP."

We hear this from teachers constantly—how BrainPOP turns everyday lessons and complex concepts into something students can’t wait to experience. With BrainPOP, students feel energized, engaged, and connected with content that feels like it was made just for them.

BLOG

Read the latest from BrainPOP
8 Reasons Why Teachers Who Grew Up on BrainPOP Choose it in Their Classrooms Today

Humor in the Classroom: The Serious Benefits

Give Active Learning a Boost with Background Knowledge

AT HOME
Learning that fits your family

Whether you’re looking for homeschool support or new ways to extend classroom learning, your family can experience BrainPOP—and its magic—from the comfort of home.

Explore home learning solutions

“BrainPOP lets my son take charge of his own learning in a way that inspires him to want to learn more...that's a winner in my book!”

Lauren Z, Parent

“[My children] choose BrainPOP over all the other options.  They really enjoy it and they learn so much. I hear them talking amongst themselves and with friends and it is amazing the information that they have learned just listening to BrainPOP.”

R. Woods, Parent

Want to learn more about bringing BrainPOP to your school or district?
Contact sales

OUR MISSION

Empower kids to shape the world around them and within them.

PRODUCTS

BrainPOP (3-8+)

BrainPOP Jr.

BrainPOP Science

BrainPOP ELL

BrainPOP At Home

EXPLORE

Research

Funding

Curriculum and Instruction

Integrations

Standards

CONNECT

Request a Demo

Help Center

Community

Events

Subscription Options

MANAGE ACCOUNT

Manage Subscription

Store

Renew or Upgrade

COMPANY

Careers

Press

Blog

© 1999 - 2025 BrainPOP. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use   l   Privacy   l   Trademarks & Copyrights   l   Accessibility   l   Site Map