brainCloud | Backend as a Service Skip to content Use Cases Console Backend Mobile Backend Multiplayer Backend Publisher Backend Features Pricing Showcase Games Samples Partners Service Partners Technology Partners Resources Learn API Updates BootCamp Forums Road Map Use Cases Console Backend Mobile Backend Multiplayer Backend Publisher Backend Features Pricing Showcase Games Samples Partners Service Partners Technology Partners Resources Learn API Updates BootCamp Forums Road Map Log In Sign Up brain Cloud Works so You Can Play The most flexible and feature-rich backend for games , apps and things . Try brainCloud for free Edgegap & brain Cloud expand their collaboration to simplify multiplayer game development Learn More brain Cloud Forums Connect with the community to find answers, ask questions, learn from experts & share knowledge. Explore Now! brain Cloud BootCamp Get up to speed fast with our self-paced Free Course Lessons Learn more Three reasons to choose brainCloud Build faster. Build smarter. brainCloud gets you up and running quickly with a best-in-class Design Portal, native libraries, great examples and fantastic support. Everything you need to rapidly design, build, debug and support your apps comes standard. brainCloud goes beyond the basics because we understand the needs of your development team. Sign up now All the fundamentals, with no lock-in. Cloud data, multiplayer, leaderboards, tournaments, push notifications, chat, in-app purchases, inventory management, analytics and much, much more. A highly scalable platform with the widest support of devices and game engines – including Unity and Unreal. Fully extendable using Cloud Code (Javascript) to add your own features. Learn more No-brainer pricing. Simply put, brainCloud costs less. We offer low-cost plans with affordable elastic pricing. You pay according to how much, or how little, your app uses our services. Start your free trial today and don’t pay until you go live. Live plans start at just $15 per month Sign up now Millions Players per Day Billions API Calls per Month $132 Avg App Cost per Month 2x to 10x Average Cost Savings Thousands Satisfied Developers Upgrade to brainCloud Upgrade from your home-grown backend to brainCloud to benefit from these great features Feature Homegrown brainCloud Benefit Existing Features brainCloud supports everything your current backend provides - and more! New Features New features are added to brainCloud every few months! Great Tools Enjoy all the tools your team hasn't had time to build, like Admin Portal, User browser with Audit, Event log viewers, Analytics, etc... Documentation Full API docs - and tutorials too! Support Great support! And all the folks who built the system are still here! Automatic Security Updates These days it feels like 50% of development time is spent upgrading tech and libraries to address new found security upgrades. brainCloud’s team handles this for you. Proactive Scaling brainCloud’s backend is built to horizontally scale well beyond the needs of your apps. So you can finally sleep - soundly. No pager required We’ll watch the servers - so you don’t have to. However, there are some features of your homegrown tech that brainCloud does NOT provide… Feature Homegrown brainCloud Benefit Unhappy Players Better features and zero downtime. Your players will love you! Free Pizza Sadly, more reliable means fewer employer-paid meals for late-night and week-end coding sessions. Panic attacks! No surprises. brainCloud just works. What they say about brainCloud “After evaluating a number of major gaming backend technologies to improve the speed-to-market for our mobile games, we chose brainCloud due to its breadth of features, strong developer support, and our ability to form a long-term strategic partnership.” VP User Acquisition, Data Science & Platform Product Management Anthony Cross Big Fish Games “With over 100 million users having played our games, we’ve been using brainCloud for 5 years now and we can say they always provide us with reliable, constantly improved services and very helpful support.” CEO Daniel Korczak Rage Quit Games “Having worked with the team at brainCloud on multiple projects, I can confidently say they know their stuff when it comes to highly-scalable back-ends.” Founder Stuart Duncan Bight Games, creators of The Simpsons: Tapped Out “Before building our latest game, Project Cyber, we looked at a number of backend-as-a-service platforms. None of them had as complete a game feature set as brainCloud.” Development Director and Co-founder Atul Mehra Spearhead Games Features Everything you need to build a great product. Learn more Sign up now Analytics Leaderboards LiveOps Messaging Multiplayer Cloud Control & Cloud Security Authentication Blockchain Chat Cloud Code Cloud Data Custom Entities Files Friends Gamification Groups Hosting Integrations Items Lobbies Mail Messaging Monetization Push Notifications Relay Servers Segments Tournaments Trusted by industry leaders worldwide. Platforms & Engines Support for these great products and more. brainCloud is free during development. Try brainCloud for Free Navigation Home Features Pricing Contact Us Use Cases Mobile Backend Multiplayer Backend Publisher Backend Showcase Games Demos Partners Service Partners Technology Partners Resources + Server Status Who We Are Careers Product Logo Roadmap Legal Accessibility Terms of Service Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Acceptable Use  Policy Data Processing Agreement Subprocessors Business Plan SLA © 2025 bitHeads Inc. Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent Thanks for Connecting! We’ll get back to you as soon as we can.