Brainscape: The Best Flashcards App | Make Flashcards Online Brainscape Find Flashcards Discover millions of Flashcards Browse Brainscape-Certified Flashcards Learn faster with our catalog of expert certified, pre-made flashcards. Browse All Flashcards Browse our full catalog of user-generated and Brainscape-Certified flashcards. Explore the Knowledge Genome of subjects: Entrance Exams Professional Certifications Foreign Languages Medical & Nursing Science English Humanities & Social Studies Mathematics Law Vocations Health & Fitness Business & Finance Technology & Engineering Food & Beverage Fine Arts Random Knowledge Make Flashcards How It Works Features Overview The Science of Studying Educators Schools & Teachers Tutors & Resellers Businesses Employee Training Publishers & Resellers Academy Academy Homepage The Science of Studying Study Tips Teaching Tips Employee Training Tips Language Learning Tips Test Prep Tips Log in Get Started The ultimate study weapon. Use AI to find or make flashcards from any source. Learn faster with spaced repetition. Find Flashcards Make Flashcards Trusted by millions of users Learn faster than ever. Brainscape’s scientifically-proven study algorithm attacks your weaknesses and keeps you motivated to study every day. See How Studying Works Upgrade your study routine. Unlike other apps that are either outdated, "gamified", or simply help you "cheat", Brainscape is made for serious learners focused on long-term retention. How Brainscape Is Different Find the best flashcards. Top Brainscape-certified flashcards Made and vetted by our panels of experts for hundreds of subjects, exams, languages, and certifications. Spanish 14,336 cards 568,712 learners Personal Development 67 cards 11,370 learners NREMT® Paramedic 2,146 cards 46,409 learners Vocab Builder 1,698 cards 5,343 learners World Geography 1,050 cards 280,555 learners Human Anatomy 2,832 cards 6,723 learners NCLEX-RN® 3,747 cards 165,405 learners See all Our complete library of flashcards Billions of flashcards made by top publishers, educators, and students. Meticulously organized into a flashcard library called the Knowledge Genome. Entrance Exams Professional Certifications Foreign Languages Science English Humanities & Social Studies Mathematics Medical & Nursing Vocations Law Health & Fitness Business & Finance Technology & Engineering Food & Beverage Fine Arts Random Knowledge Search all flashcards Make hundreds of flashcards in seconds. Create flashcards with AI Import vocab lists or question banks, or instantly turn study materials into flashcards. Customize your flashcards Bring your content to life with text formatting, images, sounds, and even animated GIFs. Organize your flashcards Divide subjects into classes and decks, and effortlessly move flashcards between them. You're in control. Create flashcards with AI Import vocab lists or question banks, or instantly turn study materials into flashcards. Customize your flashcards Bring your content to life with text formatting, images, sounds, and even animated GIFs. Organize your flashcards Divide subjects into classes and decks, and effortlessly move flashcards between them. You're in control. Start Making Flashcards Quick AI Flashcard Creation Tips: PPT to Flashcards Word to Flashcards PDF to Flashcards Excel to Flashcards Video to Flashcards Photo to Flashcards Export Anki to Brainscape Making Great Flashcards Collaborate more effectively. Set custom editing permissions to create flashcards together and invite other students or instructors to give feedback so that you can make the perfect flashcards for your subject or class. Transform learning at your school or company. Give students or employees secure access, track their progress, and massively improve knowledge retention, all while protecting your proprietary materials. Educators Employee Trainers Earn money from your flashcards. Turn your knowledge into a passive income or supplement your existing eLearning solutions with mobile flashcards. See How to Earn Money Trustpilot Frequently asked questions. Are digital flashcards effective? Yes, digital flashcards can be much more effective than paper flashcards both because they are more convenient (especially for large numbers of cards) and because they allow for more personalization — using key cognitive science principles like active recall, metacognition, and spaced repetition.  ( See how it works ) What is the best app for making flashcards? Brainscape , of course!  Not only does Brainscape provide the most flexible web and mobile flashcard editor, import functionality, and AI-powered content creation, but it also provides the most effective iOS and Android app for studying those flashcards and actually retaining the knowledge. What is the most effective way to make flashcards? The best flashcard creation technique is often to using a combination of AI and manual curation .  While AI alone can help you make large quantities of flashcards from source material very quickly, it is still important to rigorously check, edit, prune, append, and rearrange the content to make it more useful for your own studying.  Deeply evaluating your flashcards' quality also helps the knowledge stick even before you begin studying those flashcards! Why is Brainscape the world's most effective study platform? While other study apps are either complex to use and/or tailored toward quick cramming sessions, Brainscape is optimized for long-term, high-stakes learning pursuits . Our platform applies decades of cognitive science research to help you learn faster, stay motivated, and develop stronger study habits so you can reach your goals more efficiently . What is the difference between Brainscape vs Quizlet? Quizlet's primary unit of content is "terms and definitions".  This limitation allows Quizlet to create a variety of "game" modes that make it "fun" to study small sets of basic vocab words. Brainscape, in contrast, supports a more flexible flashcard format and trusts the user (not the game) to determine their own confidence in each item.  This allows Brainscape to create a more holistic, curricular path toward long-term mastery of subjects like foreign languages, medical school courses, and major professional certifications — in addition to a marketplace of trustworthy "certified" content made by publishers.   ( See Brainscape vs Quizlet ) What is the difference between Brainscape vs Anki? As an open source platform, Anki is very flexible and customizable.  But it also has a steep learning curve and requires many downloads, plug-ins, and tutorials to get started. Brainscape is a more user-friendly , cloud-based, collaborative study app that is easy to set up in seconds — either on your own or with a whole class or organization.  Brainscape's web & mobile platform uses AI to not only help create flashcards more effectively, but also to help you study with a more effective spaced repetition algorithm , progress statistics, and habit-building features to keep you motivated.  Brainscape also offers "certified" decks created by publishers and other highly curated partners.  ( See Brainscape vs Anki ) Is Brainscape free? Yes! Brainscape makes it free to make or import unlimited flashcards, share flashcards with peers or students, study with spaced repetition, try our AI features, and set custom study reminders to help improve your study habits. You only need to upgrade if you need more advanced features like unlimited AI-powered flashcard creation, access to certified content, or organization-wide features like private content and advanced stats.  ( See Pricing ) How can I share my Brainscape flashcards with others? Once you've created a "class" in Brainscape (i.e. a place to host your decks), you can easily generate a free link to share with anyone you want.  People accessing your shared link will also have free and complete access to your flashcards. You can also make your class fully private, where people can only access it if you invite them directly via email. Finally, you also have the option to share a "paid" link if you want to sell your flashcards, and you can even lease access codes from Brainscape to resell on your own website.  ( How to sell my flashcards online ) How does Brainscape's AI flashcard creation work? You can easily provide instructions or source materials (like a PPT, PDF, doc, etc) to Brainscape, and our AI will magically generate a comprehensive set of flashcards for you! Brainscape's flexible flashcard editor then allows you to modify, prune, or append the flashcards to your heart's content — including by adding images and sounds.  All of your flashcards are made instantly available across all devices where you have a Brainscape account. How does Brainscape use my personal data? Brainscape collects only minimal personal data (name & email address) and whatever else that you voluntarily add to your profile or flashcards.  We do NOT use this data to serve targeted ads or to share it with any third parties. Further, you and your students' personal data is secure and encrypted via SSL/HTTPS.  You can also make your flashcards themselves extra private by purchasing a school or company license. Key Links Pricing Corporate Training Teachers & Schools iOS App Android App Help Center Subjects Medical & Nursing Law Education Foreign Languages All Subjects A-Z All Certified Classes Company About Us Earn Money! Academy Swag Shop Contact Terms Privacy Policy Podcasts Careers Find Us Brainscape helps you reach your goals faster, through stronger study habits. © 2025 Bold Learning Solutions. Terms and Conditions