Sales Onboarding, Coaching, & Training Software | Bigtincan How We're Different Our Platform Products Products Readiness Prepare and upskill your customer-facing teams. Content Access, personalize, and share content with buyers. Engagement Build meaningful engagement with powerful tools. Features Interactive Experiences Analytics & Reporting Conversation Intelligence Relationship Intelligence Content Personalization Digital Sales Rooms Sales AI GenieAI Empower your sellers with intelligent, secure, and adaptive AI. Genie Assistant RolePlayAI AuthoringAI SearchAI CoachingAI Solutions By Department Sales Teams Stay focused on sales activities and win more. Marketing Teams Bridge the gap between marketing and sales. Channel Partners Boost revenue with your channel partners. Call Centers Enhance call center efficiency with AI-driven solutions. By Industry Life Sciences Financial Services Telecommunications Manufacturing Technology Retail Government Energy Resources Resources Resources Hub Insights for high-performing sales teams. Customer Stories Meet those transforming their buyers’ experiences. Partners Learn how we leverage our partner network. Integrations Integrate Bigtincan with your current tech stack New Analyst Report 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Revenue Enablement Platforms Read now Product Tours Watch now Pricing Get a demo Log in Log in Be confident your team is buyer-ready. Prepare, upskill, and train your customer-facing teams to deliver a first-class buying experience. Speak to our team Take our Readiness Assessment Provide clarity and direction with readiness software reimagined for today's workforce. Train at any stage Make sure your sellers are customer-ready with just-in-time training, onboarding, and everboarding. Empower learners Coach teams from anywhere at any time Make learning engaging Train at any stage Make sure your sellers are customer-ready with just-in-time training, onboarding, and everboarding. Empower learners Let reps learn at their own pace (and retain more info) by uploading, curating, and breaking up training into manageable pieces. Coach teams from anywhere at any time Provide personalized coaching at scale (and avoid manager bottlenecks) with AI-driven coaching and roleplay tools that let reps practice and get feedback on-demand. Make learning engaging Incentivize learning (and inspire healthy competition) with games, badges, and leaderboards. Build Make training make sense Deliver accessible, memorable microlearning that combines animated slides, video clips, and web pages with interactive quizzes and AI voiceover — plus anything you can dream up with html5. Breathe new life into existing assets Build beefier courses in less time with AI Create interactive learning experiences Import existing slide decks, video content, screen recordings, and more to craft courses — all in an easy-to-use drag-and-drop editor. Deliver Put a coach in every employee’s pocket. Deliver a sales coaching strategy that works—no matter where your teams are located (sales organizations that coach better, perform better). Explore CoachingAI Manage coaching at scale Streamline the coaching process with AI-powered analysis and scoring. Capture and share the best examples to foster peer learning and improve team-wide performance. Monitor progress with Readiness Scorecards Manage coaching at scale Streamline the coaching process with AI-powered analysis and scoring. Capture and share the best examples to foster peer learning and improve team-wide performance. Monitor progress with Readiness Scorecards Quickly visualize readiness progress for individuals and teams. Diagnose problems and skill gaps faster to address head-on before they impact performance. Engage Let learners reap the rewards . Engaging content only goes so far. Go one step further and bring your program to life with friendly competition using badges, leaderboards, and additional rewards. Coach how you want Deliver your learning programs in various formats—quizzes, interactive quiz bots, video assignments, and more. Keep your team excited to learn Amplify the competitive spirit among reps and engage them in a play-to-win culture, with leaderboards, badges, achievements, and rewards. Boost knowledge retention Deliver training in a digestible way that allows for better retention (and continuous reinforcement). Conversation Intelligence Have conversations customers remember (in a good way). Reps can practice pitches, presentations, and even adjust their tone before talking to customers with on-demand, subjective, AI-driven feedback that evaluates emotional impact. Explore Conversation Intelligence RolePlayAI Hone seller skills in sales simulations. Sellers can test their conversational skills against RolePlayAI, a sales simulator that provides a safe space for them to practice via real-time text and audio conversations with an AI that takes on different buyer personalities and never says the same thing twice. Explore RolePlayAI Adapted Learning Paths Map AI-driven paths for individual learners. Engage learners more effectively and improve success rates by tailoring each step of your program to an individual learner’s skill level, gaps, and role. Custom training programs. Signed, sealed, and delivered. Branded Experiences Deliver a branded onboarding and everboarding experience that reflects your unique brand. Events Send invites, track attendees, schedule breakout sessions, and even gather meal requests for those who attend. Device-Agnostic All Readiness solutions are mirrored across devices — mobile or desktop, online or offline — without compromise or a drop in quality. Security Enjoy enterprise-grade security features that meet the needs of the most stringent IT security teams. Learn more Explore the other dimensions of our Platform. Seamlessly pair Readiness with Content and Engagement for a holistic solution. Content Discover a single source of truth for customer-facing content that can be tailored to deliver personalized buying experiences. Engagement Execute the buying experience more effectively with the environment and tools to directly connect with buyers. FAQs about Bigtincan Readiness What is Bigtincan Readiness? How does Bigtincan help with sales onboarding? Can Bigtincan measure sales rep readiness? Is Bigtincan Readiness mobile-friendly? Who uses Bigtincan Readiness? Schedule your personalized demo of Bigtincan Get Started We're Bigtincan How We're Different Our Platform Readiness Content Engagement Security Industries Life Sciences Financial Services Telecommunications Manufacturing Technology Retail Government Energy By Teams Sales Teams Marketing Teams Channel Partners Company About us Newsroom Careers Contact Pricing Partners Privacy Policy Usage Policy EULA © 2026 , Bigtincan Holdings Limited