Sign in
Download
STUDY LESS. IMPROVE YOUR GPA.
The AI Learning Companion that adapts to how you learn. Stay ahead, stay confident, and achieve the results you deserve.
Sign up for free

…and unleash your Genius.

Understand faster

Instant help that actually lasts. Expert homework answers, 24/7 AI tutoring, and source-synced help make learning finally click.

Ace your next exam

Turn your notes, questions, and homework into personalized quizzes and study guides that get you test-ready in minutes.

Clear your mind

Refocus and recharge with guided audio sessions designed to keep your brain calm, confident, and ready to do your best.

AI Tutoring

Get smart guidance, like from a real tutor who helps you understand.

Sign up for free
Test Prep

Ace your tests faster, with practice that adapts to you and how you learn.

Sign up for free
Find answers

Every answer cross-checked, explained, and designed to help you learn.

Sign up for free
Homework worksheets

Like doing homework with your tutor sitting right next to you.

Sign up for free
STUDY LESS, ACHIEVE MORE. ALL IN ONE APP.

Brainly brings all your homework and study tools together so you can focus on results, not busywork.

Sign up for free
Smart Notes

Turn class audio into perfect study guides.

Take notes

Play and learn in head-to-head battles.

Start game
ClarityPods
Guided audios to clear your mind.
Listen now
Study Boards
Everything you've collected for learning in one place.

Coming soon

Ask My Docs
From upload to understanding.
Upload a doc
4.7
current rate

4.7/5

Based on 261.4k Ratings
A LEARNING COMPANION THAT GOES WHERE YOU GO
Never get stuck again with your personal learning companion. Like a tutor in your pocket.
WORLD OF QUESTIONS, MEET WORLD OF ANSWERS
All subjects
English
Mathematics
Social Studies
Business
History
Health
Geography
Biology
Physics
Chemistry
Computers and Technology
Arts
World Languages
Spanish
French
German
Advanced Placement (AP)
SAT
Medicine
Law
Engineering
mariobhin
Activity 2: I PICTURE OUT MYSELF
DIRECTIONS: Draw a picture of yourself as a HUMAN PERSON. Explain your
drawing.
Come on I know you can draw! Just give your best shot! Let's go!
Explanation:​
jralexander915
Based on the passage you just read, what conclusion can you draw about the cultural values of the iroquois?

“The right-handed twin accused his brother of murdering their mother, and their quarrels continued until it was time to bury their mothe
issfakeone
Read the excerpt from "The Adventure of the Mysterious Picture."
How was this vile nervous fit, for such I now persuaded myself it was, to be conquered? I determined to force myself not to look at the painting but to undress quickly and get into bed.
XxChickenNuggetsxX
How do the authors support the overall claim that sugar production and trade had an impact on world history?

Check all that apply.
by documenting how sugar is used very little in modern diets
by explaining how sugar damages heal
quietSea90
Vriting
ask 2. In the article, "A Mighty Flier," you learned about the world's smallest bird, the bee hummingbird. Write a short essay
which you compare and contrast the hummingbird to any other type of bird. In your writing, list five ways the
lunafox19
penny has 5 children. the 1st is named January 2nd kid is February her 3rd is called March 4th is april what is the name of the 5th.

read carefully
Robin2000
Match each underlined word to its correct meaning based on the context of the sentence.
Tiles
1) Tom had long been picking his way cautiously through this treacherous forest; stepping from tuft to tuft of rushes and roots, which afforded prec
blueBrook11
identify five features of drama and give examples from the story 'Elepbant learns some manners'
ctvaughn
What social commentary does Mark Twain make in this excerpt from "The 1,000,000 Bank-Note?"

You will remember that the Bank of England once issued two notes of a million pounds each, to be used for a special purpose connected with some public t
madisonelizibet1
Write three to four sentences presenting your prediction about the main conflict in the novel based on how the characters feel about their lives. Include evidence to support your prediction.

kylasanjose29
Write five ideas that you can recall about the types of important values and skills, how to set and reach goals, and different ways people learn.
Wafflesgravy6463
A small block with mass 0.0400 kg is moving in the xy-plane. The net force on the block is described by the potentialenergy function U(x,y) = (6.00 J/m2 )x 2 - (3.75 J/m3 )y 3 . What is the magnitude of the acceleration (in m/s2 ) of the block when it is a
linzhouguo14
While constructing a space platform, a 90.0 kg robot is standing on a 17.0 m long, 320. kg steel beam that is floating in space, initially motionless relative to the platform and pointing South. Using its magnetic feet the robot starts walking along the be
livelyShadow26
vii)
The angular momentum of a rotating body changes from L to 5L in 8 s.
What will be the value of torque acting on the body?
(1)
2
Hagrid
The capacitor in the figure (Figure 1) is initially uncharged. The switch is closed at t=0.


Immediately after the switch is closed, what is the current through the resistor R1?

Immediately after the switch is closed, what is
mohamedihussein
A 1000 kg car pushes a 2000 kg truck that has a dead battery. When the driver steps on the accelerator, the drive wheels of the car push against the ground with a force of 4500 N. What is the magnitude of the force of the car on the truck?
ethelmcdonald266
1) Steven carefully places a 1.85 kg wooden block on a frictionless ramp, so that the block begins to slide down the ramp from rest. The ramp makes an angle of 59.3° up from the horizontal. Which forces below do non-zero work on the block as it slides down
ilarrysbeau3993
A particle moves according to a law of motion s = f(t), t ≥ 0, where t is measured in seconds and s in feet. (If an answer does not exist, enter DNE.)

f(t) = t^3 − 8t^2 + 28t

a. Find the velocity at time t.
b. What is the vel
maitripatel8851
A small toy cart equipped with a spring bumper rolls toward a wall with a speed of v . The cart rebounds from the wall, with the same speed v . The sketch below shows the initial velocity vector v⃗i , final velocity vector v⃗f , and the initial momentum ve
karleebernese2907
Two blocks with masses M1 and M2 hang one under the other.
For this problem, take the positive direction to be upward, and use g for the magnitude of the acceleration due to gravity.
Blocks at rest For Parts (a) and (b) assume the blocks are
tonystarklee954
Cl2 reacts with the element Sr to form an ionic compound. Based on periodic properties, identify a molecule, X2, that is likely to to react with Sr in a way similar to how Cl2 reacts with Sr. Justify your choice.
CarmelinaMorge
Which substance can not be broken down by a chemical reaction?
(1) ammonia (3) methane
(2) argon (4) water
aabdelmaseh8057
Nacl(aq)+hg2(c2h3o2)2(aq)→ express your answer as a chemical equation. enter noreaction if no reaction occurs. identify all of the phases in your answer. nac2h3o2(aq)+hg2cl2(s)nac2h3o2(aq)+hg2cl2(s)
restlessFog26
what is the electronic transition associated with sodium-D line having a wave length of 589nm
jadakencarpersol
Which element has the smallest atomic radius? calcium potassium scandium titanium
DavidNeedsHelp7671
A student is given an unknown aqueous sample containing one of the three ions, A Ba?" or Mg2+ There is limited unknown so the student can only run a couple of tests. Select all tests, based on the table above, that will not provide useful information, even
sunnybrii8229
At high temperatures, bromine molecules can dissociate into bromine atoms. For the reaction Br₂(g) ⇌ 2 Br･(g) Kp = 2.48 × 10⁻³ at 1650 °C. A 5.00 L vessel at 1650 °C is filled with Br₂(g) at an initial pressure of 8.50 atm and allowed to come to equilibriu
collin4852
Enormous numbers of microwave photons are needed to warm macroscopic samples of matter. A portion of soup containing 167 g of water is heated in a microwave oven from 20.0°C to 98.0°C, with radiation of wavelength 1.55 × 10−2 m. How many photons are absorb
rob2818
When salt dissolves completely into water, which term is used to describe the water?
JordanFlores2594
A laser is emitting photons with a wavelength of 639.8 nm. What is the energy for 1 mole of these photons? For Planck's constant, use a value of 6.626x10-34 J s. Use units of kJ/mol. Report just the number, not the units.
morningPine39
Beth taps her phone at a payment terminal to pay for a purchase. Does this pose a
security risk?
Only if Beth does not have the data on her phone encrypted.
Yes, there is a risk that the signal could be intercepted and altered.
No,
lingeringButterfly49
Which of the following is a best practice for managing connection requests on
social networking sites?
Validate connection requests through another source if possible
Assume that people are who they say they are on social networking sites
troberts444
You have an Azure storage account that contains a blob container named container1.

You need to configure access to container1.

Which authorization types can you use?

Select only one answer.

Azure AD only
nolanjones2700
What is the quickest way to switch between application windows on a computer.
catalin90punto
Software Security Integration involves which attributes? Select the correct option(s) and click submit. Estimation of Software Security Efforts & Software Security Budget Requirements Estimation of Software Security Efforts & Sign Off Criteria Defi
abbytremain473
which of the following is true of transmitting sensitive compartmented information sci
makenzietayler9224
When you are driving on a rural road, if your right wheels run off the pavement, you should hold the steering wheel firmly and?
troberts444
You develop and deploy an Azure App Service web app. The web app accesses Azure SQL Database data that is secured with an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) conditional access policy. The applied policy controls access based on the network location of the u
cheergirlpayton35291
I want to run a survey across my team so as to gather their preferences on working hours. What should I do? O Reach out to your unit/function Business Privacy Lead and to your unit/function's HR O Draft the sample questions and start obtaining responses, a
AnimeZheng17
Match each step of the engineering design process with the correct example of what an engineer does during each step.



Define the Problem


Brainstorming Solutions


Research Ideas/ Explore Possibiliti
iwechris7
WWWXXXX The diagram shows a semicircle. 12 The diameter of the semicircle is 12 cm. Calculate the perimeter of the semicircle.​
tapi6ashadLaurell
1. Your furniture store sells two types of dining room tables. The first, type A, costs $265 and you make a $25 profit on each one. The second, type B, costs $100 and you make a $13 profit on each one. You can order no more than 40 tables this month, and
AsiaTownsend29
explain how to use a graph of the function f(x) to find f(3).
Alyssalive943
Use multiples of 10s, 50s, 100s and 200s to represent these numbers in at least three different ways.
1. 8,420
2. 6,390
3. 2,120
4. 6,550
5. 8,370​
saniahgaynor11
Given f, left bracket, x, right bracket, equals, 4, x, minus, 1 f ( x ) = 4 x − 1 f(x)=4x−1, find f, left bracket, 4, right bracket f ( 4 ) f(4).
yocalibnmrspace
Your computer-supply store sells two types of inkjet printers. The first, type A, costs $237 and you make a $22 profit on each one. The second, type B, costs $122 and you make a $19 profit on each one. You can order no more than 120 printers this month, an
KielynS120247
A bag contains 3 red balls, 4 green balls, and 2 yellow balls. Deborah reaches into the bag and pulls out the following 4 balls: red, red, green, yellow Deborah reaches into the bag to pick out another ball. What's the probability that the ball she picks i
asiegbustephanie00
You have a combination lock with 3 secret digits. Find the 3 correct digits using the following clues and enter your answer below. 128 One digit is right and in its place 157 One digit is right, but in the wrong place Two digits are right but both are in
randomdragon308
A company sells designer purses For $400 per purse. Usually, they sell 3000 purses per month. according to market research, they will sell 500 more purses for every 20$ reduction in price. write a function R(x) that models the company's revenue, where x is
breanna133468964222
​The function
models the population of rabbits on a farm and is given by




for
, where
is measured in months since the start of the year. Which of the following describes the population of the rabbits as
angielolunar
how did the song masdan mo ang kapaligiran regard thr environment​
blueSea74
In Star Wars: Return of the Jedi,
who in Jabba's palace has
Luke's lightsaber?
R2-D2
Luke Skywalker
Leia Organa
Lando Calrissian
bobthebuilder6117
how much does joe namath make doing medicare commercials
loale8inklinso
Briefly describe what the literary movement Romanticism valued.
Adones75871
In this short answer assignment, you will select three creative works of your choice that all portray the same topic (e.g., family, money, climate change). you should select one work from each of the three subject areas (visual art, performing art, and lit
CupcakeTwist4441
who was not among the singers/entrepreneurs inspired by sam cooke?
a. James Brown
b. Bobby Womack
c. Johnny Taylor
d. Otis Redding
e. Berry Gordy
lindseyjolly998
You are driving at 90km/h in a 90km/h zone and are being passed by most cars. what should you do?
kernando59291
Which of the following does not rely on professional artists to produce their work? A) Theater B) Film C) Dance D) Street art
ireins1helbyayushad
1. to which instrument family does the saxophone belong?
A. strings
B. woodwinds
C. brass
D. percussion
2. what trait do all brass instruments share?
A. they all have valves
B. they are made of brass

TyWarren3398
Elegir- Select si or no to indicate which of the following items you see in the Flash cultura video.
summerLake21
¿Qué serie documental sobre la
naturaleza de National
Geographic de 2019 contaba
con la narración de Bear Grylls?
Por el planeta
Planetas feroces
Planeta hostil
Nuestro planeta
katie8791
Complete the sentences.
1. Felipe es el ___ de Valentina.
2. Valentina es la ___ de Gloria.
3. Carmen y Pedro son los ___ de Valentina.
4. La mamá de Manuel es la ___ de don Paco.
5. Sara es la ___ de Manuel.
6. Gloria
pinkapple868
Crea tres objetivos de una investigacion de campo que podria tener una empresa comercial de ropa para mujer
destiny21williams
Juan: Hola Linda. ¿Qué (1) ______________ (llevar) en la mochila?

Linda: (2) _____________ (llevar) las cosas que (3) ____________ (necesitar) para la clase de español.

Juan: (4) ____________ (necesitar) el libro de español?

kr224341
USAR LOS 5 sentidos en oraciones. 5 oraciones con la vista
jennafolwell4191
1 - DescribirMultiple choice Activity Audio InstructionsLook at the drawing and listen to each statement. Indicate whether the statement is cierto or falso. March 16 11:59 PM 1 attempt remaining Grade settings External referencesGrammar presentation Tutori
bel1010
Lee los problemas de estos pacientes. Luego, completa las órdenes y recomendaciones que su médico les da.


Don Mariano y doña Teresa no duermen bien y sufren de mucha presión en el trabajo.

1 (tomar) té de manzanilla y (aco
DEPPRXS
Preguntas 1 ATTEMPT LEFT
LATE
Answer the questions. Use complete sentences.
1.
¿Cómo se llama el padre de Sara? Paco
don
¿De dónde es Olga Lucia? Venezuela
3.
¿Cómo se llama el primo de Sara? Manuel
4.<
hahafirey
Identify the person who made each statement. Questions ¡Piensan que van a ganar! ¡Aquí están las entradas! ¿Y quién crees que va a ganar? Lo siento, pido perdón. ¡El partido empieza en diez minutos! ¿Qué haces? ¡Es del otro equipo! ¡Y no nos gusta perder!
momslasgna
Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the indicated adjectives.
Modelo: alto
Juan es alto
María es alta
Juan y María son altos
María y Marta son altas

Modelo: bueno

1. La clase de matemáticas es
jeneecornelius
aller-retour
une arrivée
faire un séjour
faire du shopping
faire ma valise
pays
plage
prendre un bus
sortie
station
taxi
vol

Demain, je pars en vacances. Je vais (1)________
pinkflutterbunny
Write out the 20th century year that corresponds to each historical event.
Example: première victoire pour la France à la Coupe du Monde de football: en quatre-vingt-dix-huit.

1. les Jeux Olympiques à Grenoble
2. sortie de Star Wa
Irina645
На чьей стороне автор? в песне о вещем Олеге
3o14159
French 10 - Complétez ses phrases avec un des verbes de la liste au passé composé ou à l’imparfait.
- aller
- avoir
- faire
- neiger
- passer
- rester
- retourner
- skier
- venir

Questions:<
nikkipolarboo
Which French president started the tradition of putting flowers on all war memorials for Armistice Day? *
reembnasser
Des amis ont une conversation au petit-déjeuner. Complétez quelques phrases de leur conversation à l'aide des verbes au présent ou au passé composé.
Questions
Question 1 with 1 blank
—Que (1) 1 of 1
(choisir) -vous pour le petit-dé
s38620
listen to each statement made by Marie Laval then indicate whether it's vrai or faux, based on her family tree
pakabigail5092
Complete each sentence with an appropriate expression
1.Pour prendre des photos, on a besoin d'____.
2.On peut écouter des CD avec ____.
3.Pour regarder des films à la maison, on a besoin d'une télévision et d'____ ou d'____.
4.Pour
puppies1940
what are the greatest attributes of our democracy essay
homeworkjahblessall
state five differences between religious and non religious songs
ROBIOX6132
how much bacteriostatic water to mix with 5mg of bpc-157
fezez1154
Drivers with a bac of 0.08% or more are involved in 1/3 of all traffic fatalities. true false
jrspike6053
who would succeed president biden if kamala harris was unable to do so?
olivareslupe40
Select ALL the correct responses. The concept of "revealed by" include which of the following? (Select all that apply)
MrsMattrooksaria
What does the constitution say is the supreme law of land as in the bill of rights, state laws, the amendments, or u.s. or federal laws?
liyahlanderson84171
Who is ALURA JENSON?
boogsbryce3039
You have minimal time for some important tasks and a guest asks for help. What do you do? a) Politely decline and explain your situation b) Ask the guest to wait until you finish your tasks c) Ask the guest what help they need and see if it's something you
cathenah22
The US system of federalism is based on

the Supremacy Clause.
financial and military powers.
federal- and state-level powers.
the Bill of Rights and amendments.
danelly12
What is the composition of Earth's core? (1 point)
O mostly iron
O mostly silicate material
O very liquid
O very dense

viddhipatel
C. Using India’s rate of natural increase shown in the table, describe how to calculate the doubling time of India’s population

7ndkd4cbxx
a) Identify ONE economic development that would support Biran's argument in the passage regarding the Mongols and the "integration of the old world."

b) Explain how ONE piece of evidence would challenge Biran's argument regarding the Mongols an
teanamaria27
|
A. How is the first car in the left lane violating the uniform traffic law?
B. How does that impact the behavior of the drivers following behind in that lane?
nkatingo
according to Maslow hierarchy of needs,what happens if an adolescents needs for safety and social connection is not met? a.they may exhibit deviant behavior b.they may become more independent c. they may experience personal satisfaction d. they may achieve
Oladimeji1023
The first 15 multiples of 5 are separated into three sets X, Y and Z each comprising of 5 numbers. Find the maximum possible sum of medians of three sets?
amyahmorene98
In what ways does Manjiro encounter prejudice on board the John Howland?
ComicSans10
Convergence is a binocular depth cue that is based on the
(A) change in the size of the pupil
(B) muscular tension that leads to the lens changing shape
(C) muscular tension that occurs when the eyes turn inward
(D) fact that there
beachlady1122p0y38q
Source: Dutch missionary John Megapolensis on the Mohawks (Iroquois), 1644, Smithsonian
(John became the town's first pastor at Fort Orange (near Albany). As pastor he was not allowed to farm or trade, but received support
from the town, while
jennieloll12
Fill in this statement:

____: In the Piaget documentary, the cognitive abilities of a 5-year old Irene are more likely still at this piaget stage.

Please and thank you! :)​
ladymcd1593
If you suspect information has been improperly or unnecessarily classified what should you do first.
aghamuzahirali3863
If a person is injured at the hospital during a natural disaster, a correct action to take is:
a. Turn a person with a head injury onto his or her back
b. Use a wheelchair or a stretcher to take the person to the Emergency Department for treatm
Notsosmartyy9026
if a civilian employee condones or commits an act of workplace harassment the penalties can include
stefanlemcke1838
What was the chemical purpose of heating the mnso4⋅h2o? why is this procedure important?.
ItsEllie8449
the figure shows a cross section of three long straight current-carrying wires. notice we are using the common convention that crosses denote vectors going into the page and dots denote vectors coming out of the page.
heaven964
A spot in the middle of the retina that only contains cones is called the ___________. A. cornea B. optic nerve C. fovea D. optic disk
blacklivesmatter95
What was the supernatural title of the No. 1 hit that the namesakes of
these fruits had?
angwit
What are the main causes of injuries when using forklifts?
[select 4 answer options that apply]

a) overturns
b)collisions with other forklifts
c) striking pedestrians
d)being crushed by a forklift
e)falling from
comfort201718
patient is prescribed 0.8 micrograms levothyroxine per kilogram q 12 hours. patient weight is 92 kilograms. how much medication should patient be given
susanbaldie2619
a patient with an hmo insurance policy makes an appointment to see a gastroenterologist called_
igotw506
A 14-year-old recently underwent a splenectomy. The person only received the complete PCV13 series as a child. According to the CDC, which of the following vaccines should be recommended? a PCV20 now followed by PCV15 in 8 weeks b PCV15 now, or PCV20 now f
Parth1787
this patient had a bilateral knee replacement, unicompartmental on the medial side, placed with cement. how is this coded?
joslyn5969
dave is a 70 year old patient with heart failure. he has been treated with ace inhibitors and diuretics. recently, his symptoms have worsened and become life threatening despite pharmacologic treatment. he has been hospitalized for evaluation and stabiliza
kayleeblanton4812
in which duct do sperm, prostate fluid and seminal fluid mix together to form semen?
vstokes9673
rbs which symptom is characteristic of someone on a hallucinogenic drug? a. dulling of the senses b. increase speech and motor activity c. excessive sweating d. hyperactivity
guzal7480
a client undergoing cancer treatment is experiencing a decrease in lean body mass. which nutrition teaching will the nurse provide to increase healthy caloric intake?
LunaCoolwolfYT2180
edward ip suffered from serious kidney disease. as a result. edward became eligible for medicare coverage due to end-stage renal disease (esrd). a close relative donated their kidney and edward successfully underwent transplant surgery 12 months ago. edwar
annbaz776
when responding to litigation holds foia requests investigations or inquiries
jsmn1830
describe a specific time when it was extremely important for you to follow a set of rules and regulations. please describe the situation, your actions, and the outcome.
guapotaco5663
When responding to litigation holds, FOIA requests, investigations, or inquiries, an architect is required to provide all ___________. A. Responsive documents B. Responsive documents with relevant redactions C. Non-responsive documents D. Non-responsive do
wanderingShape17
Critically discuss section 89 of the Constitution with reference to case law. The discussion
must include a comprehensive analysis of the rationale for section 89, the consequences
of this section, as well as a discussion of how section 89 di
allenaraeofsunshine
At an intersection with traffic lights, a yellow arrow showing at the same time as a green traffic light means

Choose an answer:

A. Vehicles going in the direction of the arrow must stop if they can. The arrow will soon be red.B. Yo
mar72yt
Caylee Anthony 5 expert witnesses and why they were they considered experts
skyrimmaster8365
when one boards a plane, one of the strictly implemented reminders of the flight attendant to passenger is to not remove the life jacket unless necessary as this may violate a law. discuss this law. what penalties are imposed on violators?
taylorhenry159
What proposals has The Innocence Project made to
improving the accuracy of eyewitness IDs?

babler
What additions to the bill does Representative Kevin Brady say were added?
lnkhprovip1228
the u.s. constitution was based on many compromises negotiated over___ . it is a document that provides a____ outline of governmental structure in order to allow the possibility of further clarification and adaptation over time. it embodies the political p
detrellwebb
Which of the following are considered indirect costs for workplace accidents?
Select the 3 answer options that apply.

Absenteeism


Decreased productivity


Fees


Lawsuits



ashleygonzalez4554
Topic 4: Workers Rights Practice Worksheet Crossword Puzzle OSHA Provides Workers the Right to: Across _andmedicalre cords 6. Information about 7, A safe and & complain or request hazard 9. Participate in an OSHA andiinesses in your workplace from empl
sanakhalid6791
automotive batteries are an example of which hazard class
realtodd44
Which of these are ways to protect yourself from electrical hazards?
Select all that apply.
Understand how a GFCI can protect you
Use tools and power cords safely
Follow lockout/tagout procedures.

IkweWolf3153
which instrument measures the mix and concentration of the air astronauts breathe inside an aircraft
erichenkell690
what are three words you would use to describe cornell engineering?
ajpeter6026
A boat searching for underwater archaeological sites in the Aegean Sea moves at 4 knots and follows the path r=10θm, where θ is in radians.(A knot is one nautical mile, or 1852 meters, per hour). When θ=2πrad, determine the boat's velocity in terms of pola
sabrinabowers6356
Three return steam lines in a chemical processing plan enter a collection tank operating at a steady state at 1 bar. Steam enters inlet 1 with flow rate of 0.8 kg/s and a quality of 0.9. Steam enters inlet 2 with flow rate of 2kg/s at 200 degrees C. Steam
NadineLee9229
Given f(x)=2xcos(x) (a) Find the first 8 derivatives of f (NOTE: this can be easily done using list comprehension!). (b) Given a number n that is divisible by 4 , in separate print commands, state the formula for the n th derivative, the (n+1) th derivativ
sally7337
You are developing a new programming language and currently working on variable names. You have a list of words that you consider to be good and could be used for variable names. All the strings in words consist of lowercase English letters.

A
dossantosgabrie03
Review each of the investment opportunities provided by Earll Investments and Pima Financial Trading. In a three paragraph essay (a
minimum of 4-5 sentences), write an analysis of these opportunities that answers the following questions.
Based
justinecalixtro225
A friend of yours is graduating college next month. He has had a credit card
and student loans for the past few years, but he's never bothered to check his
credit report.

A. Why is it vital that your friend reviews his credit report
elwinpollard1627
Jacob is a customer whose sales region code is 14. He had bought goods worth $150 from ABC company in June. He does not have dealership of any other similar company. He has never been provided any bulk discount or special discount. 1. He need not pay any d
alwaysonfleek9139
Problem 33. You’re working on a team-based homework assignment with a partner, Deidre, that consists ofan essay questions and graphing questions. You can write an essay answer in 15 minutes whileDeidre takes 30 minutes to write an essay of similar quality.
deaththekid1778
New Morning Bakery is in the process of closing its operations. It sold its two-year-old bakery ovens to Great Harvest Bakery for $700,000. The ovens originally cost $910,000, had an estimated service life of 10 years, and an estimated residual value of $6
mightymousety2892
During the current year ending on December 31, BSP Company completed the following transactions:a.On January 1, purchased a patent for $28,000 cash (estimated useful life, seven years).b.On January 1, purchased the assets (not detailed) of another business
iiAyeItzAsh5788
Suppose Fine Chocolates Co. estimates bad debt under the percentage of sales method. Before adjusting entries at year end, the following accounts had these normal balances: Accounts Receivable: $4,000 Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts: $500 Sales Revenu
abbyportillo52521
a 20-year bond has an 7.0% coupon rate and face value of $1000. the yield to maturity is 10%. what is the percentage change in the price of this bond if interest rates rise by 2%? assume the bond makes semi-annual coupon payments.
mbjj4629
Besides plain business cards, hammerpress also offers business cards with special ink and business cards with embossing. They need to price these special business cards relative to the plain business cards. This pricing strategy is also known as __________
Sogeba
For this question you need to read the document “Media Monitoring – What is it all about?”, found in “Additional Resources/Supplementary Portfolio”. Then, using the information provided in the article as a means of inspiration and guidance, consider the fo
alexxrobbins6952
Xnx gas detector calibration 2022 price dominican republic
deonculpepper7
What is a possible outcome from judicial review?


Supreme Court can be given too much power.
Congress can override a Supreme Court decision.
The president must enforce Supreme Court rulings.
Supreme Court can undo pub
anthonymazz
What was the major weakness of the Articles of Confederation?


obeezy3825
About what percentage of children under the age of 12 go trick-or-treating in America?
Loyd568
How did the 1840 World’s Anti-Slavery Convention affect the women’s suffrage movement? Women and men participated equally in the convention; this helped show the US government that women deserved the right to vote. Women and men participated equally in the
dillangalletto1
What Nazi policy targeted people who had disabilities? A)ghettos B)death camps C)concentration camps D)euthanasia
ymarzig3162
why was miller brought before the house of un-american activities committee
jenarose
Why did Nazi Germany build concentration camps in Poland?
to turn other governments against Jews
to show how powerful Nazi Germany was
to separate Jews from the rest of the public
to kill larger numbers of people
crucialtaviaot1fpy
Jim Crow laws, a set of racist and discriminatory rules and regulations, were enacted in the South starting in the mid- to late 1800s. in the South starting in the early 1800s. nationwide starting in the mid- to late 1800s. nationwide starting in the early
Vru4naowesta
What causes convection currents in earth's mantle?
Li8benRapinkey
what is the nature of the teenagers problem?
AubreyBoyd
Imagine an athlete the day after sustaining a head injury sitting in class suffering the symptoms of a concussion (e.g., slurring of speech, disorientation, dizzy). There are whispers and laughter and rumors starting about the athlete drinking at school.
gotaran33
Which of the following about hamstring strains is NOT true?A.
usually accompanied by dull pain
B.
includes a tear or rupture of hamstring muscle
C.
usually occurs when sprinting or during high-velocity movements
D.

katiebug60
Martina wants to increase her strength in her lower and upper body to help her in her new waitressing job. Right now, Martina lifts weights once a week and includes exercises that work out all muscle groups. Which change in her workout would be BEST to hel
ajawo4511
write a letter to your father telling him to pay your school fees in 350 words​
200551885
All of the following are signs or symptoms of a concussion, except:

Double or blurry vision
Feeling sluggish, hazy or groggy
Headache
Difficulty sleeping
Dizziness
Bothered by noise
Memory issues
Diffic
esmgarcel6icemas
Common symptoms of a concussion include all of the following except:
a. headache
b. disorientation and dizziness
c. nausea
d. chills
a. overuse
b. overexertion
c. incorrect technique
d. determination
iri101
What distinguishes atherosclerosis from arteriosclerosis? A. Arteriosclerosis can lead to blood clots. B. Atherosclerosis is characterized by plaque buildup. C. Arteriosclerosis results in inefficient blood flow. D. Atherosclerosis is a general term for ar
jdjasfkjsabf
Professional treatment for an eating disorder includes all of the following EXCEPT:A. physical therapy B. nutritional counseling C. psychotherapy D. residential treatment
zoomerd
Eating disorders are frequently accompanied by existing psychiatric and physical illness, including anxiety, obsessive behavior, depression, and __________.
A.
substance abuse
B.
stroke
C.
hemorrhaging
D.
ri
flashofintelligence
How were the fossil symbols and mountain belts helpful in deciding where to move the continents

kristynsnipe
Based on the data provided, which of the following best describes how changing roles for women influence patterns of social values?
A. Higher birth rates in African countries suggest that women in African countries have less access to education and e
plate1
describe the distribution of active volcanoes, earthquake epicenters, and major mountain belts
snowwhite3998
At $52/ ton, what is the price of bituminous coal per million Btu's? Heat content of bituminous coal is 12,000Btu /pound $54/MMBtu $2.2 MMBtu $26/MMBtu $20/MMBtu $52/MMBtu
cookiemonstnerd

What led to genocide in Cambodia?


The war in Vietnam complicated politics in Cambodia, and a civil war ensued.

Khmer Rouge took over Cambodia and persecuted its enemies.

Educated Cambodians attempted a gover
SarahLee5003
according to the map, to which parts of canada did large numbers of strongly loyalist american colonists flee to escape persecution?
Lisamagoo12
Which bodies of water are in the eastern United States?
Choose all answers that are correct.
(A) Ohio River
(B) Caribbean Sea
(C) Great Lakes
(D) Pacific Ocean
fragrantWater27
Which city in North America sits at about 10°N, 85°W?
Hajaridder4211
On the moon, flood basalts (called mare's greek for seas because they thought them water) fill mostly just the large impact basins (dark patches). which of the following is not a reason for this? Option 1: The mare are lower than the surrounding highlands.
emilyhipp7040
where did homo sapiens first encounter archaic humans outside of africa?
Lemughmellia
Many different types of mutations can occur within the body. Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder that is caused by different mutations within the CFTR gene. One mutation in the CFTR gene that leads to cystic fibrosis causes translation to end earlier in
Cathedral602
a lion is to pride as a goose is to a ​
Treacha3ssedco
What role does squid play in the ocean ecosystem?
yoselin1233
Which of these describe a method in which a bloodborne pathogen may be transmitted?
Select all that apply.
A.Skin injury
B.Contact with mucous membranes
C.Contact with infected bodily fluid
D.Contact with blood

axsxhxlxexyx1106
What three elements do all macromolecules share? Explain how the chemical properties of lipids, nucleic acids, proteins, and amino acids differ from carbohydrates
Hailey548
Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of bone fractures?
A.
A crack or break occurs in the bone.
B.
It is caused by a large force or impact on the bone.
C.
It does not always include pain.
D.
Bones n
NathanielAmara
List and describe any five 5 usefulness of science to man.
​
desnicole1230
Explain the relationship between coral and algae, and how a problem with algae photosynthesis caused coral bleaching in the Great Barrier Reef.​
KyGrenier30
In one to three sentences, describe what happens during the carbon fixation stage of the Calvin cycle.
caitlinmyers1or4x6a
nucleotide are composed of phosphate group, a sugar , and a nitrogenous base. DNA is made up of long strands of nucleotide. which part if the above molecule can differ between nucleotide?
A.the sugar
B. the phosphate group
C.the nitrog
See more
View all questions
Company
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Insights: The Brainly Blog
Advertise with us
Careers
Homework Questions & Answers
Help
Terms of Use
Help Center
Safety Center
Responsible Disclosure Agreement
Connect with us
(opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new tab)

Brainly.com