Brand24 - #1 AI Social Listening Tool Main Logo Main Navigation Product Features For Agencies For Marketers For PR Professionals For SaaS FAQ What kind of data do we collect? What is Influencer Score? What is ESMR? How do I get PDF reports and what’s in it? How to use required or excluded keywords? AI Solutions All AI Solutions AI Insights Brand Assistant AI Visibility Use Cases Hashtag Search Backlinks Checker Comprehensive Reports Online Reputation Management Market Research Customer Feedback Competitive Analysis Pricing Resources Testimonials & Reviews Case Studies Help Center Brand Checker Webinars Partner With Us Partner Directory Blog EN EN ES PT FR Login Start Trial! AI SOCIAL LISTENING TOOL Protect Brand Reputation. Measure Your Brand Awareness. Analyze Competitors. Discover Customer Insights. Get AI-powered access to mentions across social media, news, blogs, videos, forums, podcasts, reviews, and more. Sign up free LOVED BY 4000+ BRANDS OF ALL SIZES Never miss a critical mention. Brand24 offers the most complete access to online mentions out there. Be the first to know and get ahead of the story. Monitor brands Gather insights from 25 million online sources, tracked in real-time. Analyze sentiment Use advanced sentiment analysis to segment positive, negative, or neutral mentions. Create reports Measure and report your PR coverage. Sign up free Get
powerful, 
reliable metrics. Measure brand awareness and presence. Track reach and engagement using our state-of-the-art technology. Track reach Evaluate marketing efforts and benchmark against competitors. Measure awareness Identify the reach and importance of mentions. Filter out the noise, and focus on what matters. Automate reporting Share statistics and insights with your team. Sign up free Access
customer insights. Learn from online conversations about your company. Get access to honest consumer feedback. Get to know your customers Learn what people like or dislike about your company. Decide based on data Use customer insights to make informed business decisions that resonate with your audience. Collaborate Share insights across your organization. Sign up free “Brand24 is the one stop shop for your brand insights. Now with even more AI-powered capabilities, it is one of the only tools you need to understand your brand health in minutes.” All Testimonials Track
hashtags. Track various hashtags and find influencers. Measure the effects of a hashtag campaign, like reach and engagement. Measure hashtag reach Access important hashtag metrics. Measure hashtag volume Measure the number of mentions with a hashtag. Sign up free Monitor +25,000,000 online sources in real-time. Brand24 tracks all public sources, including social, news, blogs, videos, forums, podcasts, reviews, and much more! X (Twitter) Facebook Instagram Youtube Spotify News Linkedin Blogs Forums Reviews Reddit Telegram TripAdvisor AppStore TikTok & much, much more 10+ years experience. We’re experts, and here’s the proof. Sign up free 25M ACTIVE DOMAINS MONITORED 25B+ MENTIONS DELIVERED 154 WE'RE CURRENTLY WORKING WITH CUSTOMERS FROM 154 COUNTRIES AI-powered is not just a buzzword. Our AI "definitely gets sarcasm." Get it? We've just used sarcasm to talk about sarcasm. Take that AI. Honestly, though, Artificial Intelligence helps you make sense of the data to save you time. 108 languages supported Our AI-powered language detection helps you to track mentions that matter. Context of Discussion We distill numerous brand mentions into an actionable and easily digestible word cloud. Advanced Sentiment Analysis Easy access to positive & negative brand mentions. Sign up free VIDEO Video guide to social listening Access our free social listening masterclass to learn essential media monitoring skills. WORLD CLASS CUSTOMER SERVICE 80+ Specialists at your service Customer service is not just a department, it is the philosophy behind our entire company. Sign up free Learn more from our experts. What is sentiment analysis and how to do it by yourself Sentiment analysis allows you to check how your target audience feels about your brand, product, or service. Discover sentiment analysis The ultimate guide to brand awareness Here're bulletproof marketing tactics to build brand awareness and enjoy the fruits of a strong social media presence. Build brand awareness How to measure the share of voice The share of voice will help you to measure brand awareness, find influencers, and increase your market share! Analyse the share of voice Guide to brand reputation management Few words about what brand reputation management is, what it consists and why is it important for your business. Manage brand reputation Read more articles See all The Best Free Tools to Monitor Hashtag Performance > How to measure social media reach? > A complete guide to social media analysi > Guide to brand monitoring + TOOLS > Top Twitter analytics tools > How to See How Many Times a Hashtag Was Used on Twitter > Contact For coops and help help@brand24.com Brand24 Global Inc. 121 Executive Circle Daytona Beach, FL 32114 USA EN EN ES PT FR Product Pricing Features Chatbeat Insights24 Updates Brand24 Alternatives Mobile App Customize cookies Resources Blog Help Center Partner Directory Case Study The Social Listening Bible Legal information Company Partner Program Careers 10th Anniversary Media Kit Plant Trees with Brand24 Partner With Us Must read How to measure the results of a PR campaign? The best free hashtags analytics tools The best AI sentiment analysis tools Top Twitter analytics tools How to see how many times a hashtag was used on Twitter Copyrights © 2026 Brand24 Global, Inc. All rights reserved.