Applicant Tracking System - BrassRing ATS for Smart Hiring Skip to content Solutions Menu Toggle BrassRing Applicant Tracking System BrassRing Onboard BrassRing Lead Manager Partners Resources Contact Us Main Menu Solutions Menu Toggle BrassRing Applicant Tracking System BrassRing Onboard BrassRing Lead Manager Partners Resources Contact Us Smarter Hiring. Built for the Way You Work. World class talent acquisition and onboarding solutions. Get a free trial Attract Global Talent Streamline hiring and onboarding with seamless automation. Our AI-driven insights operate within a secure Microsoft Azure-based SaaS platform. Navigate Complexity with Ease BrassRing adapts to intricate hiring workflows. We offer scalable solutions tailored to your organization's needs. Intelligent Talent Acquisition Enhance candidate experiences with our configurable, enterprise-grade talent acquisition and onboarding solution. Experience seamless automation, intuitive workflows, and AI-driven insights firsthand. Our platform is designed to streamline your talent processes and help you hire with confidence. Integrated Solutions From applicant tracking to onboarding and candidate relationship management, our platform provides intuitive experiences for users and applicants. Learn More Insights and Resources Discover best practices and insights designed for enterprise and mid-market hiring. Discover how BrassRing helps organizations like yours attract, engage, and hire top talent effectively. Learn More Local Expertise, Global Reach Pave the way for great talent into your organization Attract top talent globally while easily meeting local hiring needs. BrassRing’s remote onboarding and smooth integrations with your existing HR and collaboration tools create exceptional experiences wherever you hire. Available in 40+ languages, BrassRing makes globally localized hiring seamless and intuitive. Measurable Hiring Outcomes 45% Reduction in Time-to-Hire Faster, smarter hires with AI-powered workflows. 6+ Hours Saved per Week, per Recruiter Automation for repetitive tasks. 50% Less Time Spent on Resume Review Candidate AI-matching and scoring. Hiring That Adapts to You Intuitive Scalability Our platform is designed to provide scalable and reliable hiring and onboarding solutions without added complexity. Tailored Experiences for Your Hiring Needs Deliver recruitment and onboarding experiences customized for different teams, roles, and employee groups within your organization. Easy-to-Use Interface More than 90% of hiring managers successfully use our system without extensive training. Effortless, Automated Workflows Simplify your HR processes with seamless automation. Remove manual tasks, freeing your team to focus on strategic hiring and measurable results. Comprehensive Partner Ecosystem Integrate BrassRing with any HRIS, assessments, background checks, video interviewing, WOTC, SMS, and job boards. We offer custom integrations tailored to your recruitment and onboarding needs. Discover More Intelligent Tools for Better Hiring Smart Features, Real Results Rules Automation Manager RAM works 24x7, no vacations, holidays, sick time or breaks – and consistently applies your processes across your recruiting function. Know More Interview Manager Our Microsoft Teams and Outlook integration allows you to schedule interviews between candidates and interviewers without leaving BrassRing. Know More Data Insight Tool Build insightful reports based on your needs from scratch. Schedule them to be delivered to you at the frequency of your choice. Know More Delivering Value for Our Customers Countries 0 Million Candidates 0 Languages 0 Partner Integrations and Counting 0 + Hear From Our Customers See firsthand how we deliver measurable value "The BrassRing ATS has really helped streamline our global Talent Acquisition processes over the past several years. We continue to learn more and more about the automation features, and the support we get from our representative is incredible. This support allows us as a global Talent Acquisition team to ask the right questions, and solve problems that give the team more time to actually source and recruit (vs. being inundated with administrative duties), which in turn saves us valuable time and resources. BrassRing is also unique in that they don’t just sell you a “system”, they partner with you all through the process (year one and beyond). The technical support team is amazing." -- Doug Fauth Sr. Director, Global Talent Acquisition MicroVention, Inc., A TERUMO Group Company "In our line of work, it is important that we have a partner that truly understands what we do and how we operate and then be able to help us adapt the technology to complement the work we are trying to achieve. The Infinite team took the time to listen and understand what we needed to accomplish for those we serve and create a design that helped us best accomplish mission and track results.  Appreciate their focused work, constant communication, and their dedication to helping us achieve mission success!" -- Stacy L. Bayton Sr. Executive Vice President CASY & MSCCN "We have utilized BrassRing across our enterprise for many years. Over time, we have seen many key product updates and new features. The journey from where we started at go-live a decade ago to where we are today is remarkable. With our high-volume decentralized retail staffing model across two distinct brands, automation, and flexibility are paramount to our hiring success. BrassRing’s automation triggers are highly configurable and have allowed us to build an incredible amount of flexibility to accommodate disparate processes. BrassRing has allowed us to have distinct automated flows that differ by brand, satisfying the dizzying amount of business requirements we have. Finally, the self-service nature of configuring the tool puts the power in our hands to be efficient. However, the customer success team at Infinite is always a quick phone call away to assist us with solutioning a new design or product consulting when we need it." -- Vincent Vott Manager of Talent Acquisition Operations - Dollar Tree Previous Next See Success Stories Click Here Click Here Previous slide Next slide Watch Fireside Chat Why Choose BrassRing? There are many great reasons why Infinite Talent products would boost your organization’s HR capabilities. Compliance Confidence GDPR compliant, 
tailored for regional regulations. World-Class Support Expert assistance available 
24x7x365. Innovative Roadmap Driven by client feedback, industry insights, and continuous innovation. Mobile Optimized Access BrassRing solutions anytime, anywhere, on any device. Get a free trial Full Name * Business Phone * Company Name * Business Email * Industry * Company Size * 250-500 501-1,000 1,001-5000 5,001-10,000 10,000+ How Can We Help? * Pricing Free Trial Partnership General Inquiry How did you hear about us? * Previous BrassRing user Internet search Social media Referral I have read Privacy Policy and agree to the terms and conditions. Send Innovative Roadmap Driven by client feedback, industry insights, and continuous innovation. Mobile Optimized Access BrassRing solutions anytime, anywhere, on any device. Linkedin-in Youtube What's New BrassRing at UNLEASH 2025 We’re proud to be part of UNLEASH America, where the boldest ideas in HR tech take center stage. Stop by Booth #253 to see how BrassRing is redefining hiring with automation-first workflows, AI-powered insights, and intuitive tools that scale. Explore Solutions Partners Resources Contact Us Privacy Policy Solutions Partners Resources Contact Us Privacy Policy ©2025 BrassRing. All Rights Reserved.