Breaking Defense - Defense industry news, analysis and commentary Twitter Facebook YouTube RSS LinkedIn Envelope About Us Webinars Who’s Who in Defense E-Books & Briefs Special Features Open navigation Breaking Defense Toggle Search Newsletter Signup Close navigation Air Land Naval Space Networks Multi-Domain Business Congress Pentagon Global About Us Webinars Who’s Who in Defense E-Books & Briefs Twitter Facebook YouTube RSS LinkedIn Envelope Search for: Search Featured: Spacepower Conference Military AI News Video:  The Weekly Break Out Breaking Defense Networks & Digital Warfare For defense AI, bubble, bubble, toil and … bargains?: 2026 preview By Sydney J. Freedberg Jr. Air Warfare The drone wingman race kicks into high(er) gear: 2026 preview Sometime in 2026, the Air Force will make a decision about what designs to produce for the first round of its drone wingmen program. The service is also expected to home in on what it wants next. By Michael Marrow Air Warfare France finalizes $1.3B USD contract for 2 Saab GlobalEye radar planes Initially announced at the Paris Air Show in June, the deal makes France the second customer for the Swedish Airborne Early Warning and Control planes after the UAE. By Sydney J. Freedberg Jr. Global Middle East fighter jet deals, missile defenses and peace talks: 2026 preview Next year could see Turkey and Saudi Arabia joining the F-35 club, war in Lebanon and more. By Agnes Helou Latest News Naval Warfare What’s next for America’s icebreakers: 2026 preview The White House in 2024 and 2025 prioritized rebuilding America's icebreaker fleet. But how long will that last? By Justin Katz Land Warfare Army’s new acquisition structure, a new tank prototype and more drones: 2026 preview Many pledges were made about changing how the Army does things in 2025. Will 2026 see them happen? By Carley Welch In this episode: With the Reagan National Defense Forum in the rearview mirror, lawmakers are zeroing in on a $901 billion National Defense Authorization Act. Underwritten by Congress 10 Breaking Defense op-eds that defined 2025 It's been a whirlwind of a year — and the defense establishment has plenty of thoughts on how it's unfolded and what might come next. By Breaking Defense Global Israel’s new laser system goes active The Israeli Ministry of Defense and Rafael Advanced Defense Systems delivered the first Iron Beam system to the Israeli Air Force on Dec. 29. By Seth J. Frantzman Global, Air Warfare EDGE CEO lays out global expansion plans for 2026 In a wide-ranging interview, EDGE Group CEO Hamad Al Marar discusses the company’s $7 billion Indonesia deal, its partnership with Anduril to expand into the US market, and how EDGE is pushing into space as part of its long-term global growth strategy. By Breaking Defense Video Pentagon From National Defense Strategy plans to acquisition overhaul findings: 2026 preview The coming 12 months could shake up where US troops are positioned and new details about the Golden Dome initiative. By Ashley Roque Sponsored Post, Networks & Digital Warfare How warfighters communicate when their missions are beyond visual line of sight Standoff capability means warfighters stay connected and remain remotely located in a safer environment while making it harder for adversaries to target them. By Breaking Defense Multi-Domain Operations: Global C2 and Joint Operations Sponsored by View All Global, Networks & Digital Warfare France’s Safran.AI, UAE’s TII team up on agentic AI for geospatial intelligence Networks & Digital Warfare Joint Ukraine-NATO training and analysis team gets classified, AI-enabled Google Cloud All Domain IBCS set for full rate production, Polish milestone, Northrop says Air Warfare Golden Dome implementation plan under review, Congress may get look this week Land Warfare Army doubles balloons for upcoming SWARMS demo, adds NORAD to the mix presented by Sponsored Post, Networks & Digital Warfare Powering the future: Securing America with domestically made microelectronics Space Golden Dome SBIs will need to be defended from adversary attack: Experts Land Warfare Pentagon formalizes conventional forces’ role in irregular warfare, but will it stick? Networks & Digital Warfare ‘That’s a tank’: Army introduces AI-aided target recognition to Next Gen C2 prototype Space US slams ‘discriminatory’ draft EU space law as imperiling NATO cooperation presented by Sponsored Post, Networks & Digital Warfare GPS: Still the gold standard in global navigation The GPS network continues to prove its unmatched reliability, and
it’s only getting stronger. By 		Lockheed Martin All Domain China showed off its nukes and caused problems in the region: 5 Indo-Pacific stories from 2025 China was once again at the forefront of Indo-Pacific news in 2025. By Mike Yeo Space Tory Bruno to lead new Blue Origin national security unit The company's announcement did not explain how the new National Security Group would change, if at all, Blue Origin's current organization and/or practices under its national security unit headed since August by Tom Martin. By Theresa Hitchens Air Warfare Air Force cyber resilience in focus Cyber resilience has become a frontline mission for the US military. Breaking Defense’s new eBook rounds up key reporting from the 2025 Alamo ACE conference with the latest developments in cyber offense and defense. By Breaking Defense Land Warfare Israel’s multi-front war, lasers and unmanned systems: 2025 review Amid controversial conflicts, Israel's defense industry powered through 2025, expanding its international customer base. By Seth J. Frantzman Congress Industry chaos, congressional clampdowns and secret CCA contracts: 2025 review I didn't include Taylor Swift song recommendations this time, but if you're asking me my favorite tune off "The Life of A Showgirl," it's "Ruin the Friendship." By Valerie Insinna Global NATO allies oppose US peace deal for Ukraine as FCAS falters: 2025 review From spikes in European military spending to the push for a virtual wall to protect NATO countries from Russian drones, the continent faces a new era in defense. By Tim Martin Sponsored Post, Networks & Digital Warfare Powering the future: Securing America with domestically made microelectronics Onshoring and investment in military-specific semiconductors anchor a cornerstone of the defense industrial base. By Breaking Defense Golden Dome: The Path Forward Sponsored by View All presented by Sponsored Post, Space Golden Dome’s industrial call to arms could match the Manhattan Project Air Warfare Inside Honeywell’s business strategy for Golden Dome Space Golden Dome faces challenges of size, scope and scale from every angle Pentagon Can space-based interceptors really work? What to know about Trump’s plan [VIDEO] Pentagon China and Russia won’t like Golden Dome. Here’s how they might respond. [VIDEO] Pentagon Golden Dome: Tackling the myths and rumors around America’s new missile shield [VIDEO] Networks & Digital Warfare Artifical intelligence is everywhere: 2025 review From the skies over Ukraine, to Chinese cyber attacks, to bureaucratic battlefields inside the Pentagon, artificial intelligence has grown from an experiment or niche product to an increasingly routine tool of  military organizations. By Sydney J. Freedberg Jr. Pentagon China military buildup leaves US ‘increasingly vulnerable’: Pentagon report The assessment also says that in 2024 China "tested essential components" of Taiwan invasion options, "including through exercises to strike sea and land targets, strike U.S. forces in the Pacific, and block access to key ports." By Lee Ferran Land Warfare Middle East missiles, large contracts and space ambitions: 2025 review There was no shortage of news in the Middle East in 2025. By Agnes Helou Space Five stories that surprised the space world: 2025 review 'Unsettled' is a polite word for 2025 in the space domain. By Theresa Hitchens Our Sites © 2025 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . ×