Breaking News Brief Home Page - Breaking News Brief US News World News Finance News Menu US News World News Finance News Search Warning: Do not travel to any of these 19 countries February 25, 2025 The travel season is here – but before you start picking out your vacation destination, the US State Department has issued a “Do Not Travel” warning deeming these 19 countries unsafe for Americans. What about Mexico? “Do Not Travel” to these 19 countries, US State Department says First, the good news: Read More > Warning: Do not travel to any of these 19 countries February 25, 2025 The travel season is here – but before you start picking out your vacation destination, the US State Department has issued a “Do Not Travel” warning deeming these 19 countries unsafe for Americans. What about Mexico? “Do Not Travel” to these 19 countries, US State Department says First, the good news: Read More > US News Wendy Williams’ Close Friend Accuses Guardian of Neglect, Questions Dementia Diagnosis February 27, 2024 Wendy Williams’ trusted confidante has raised concerns about the care provided by the legal guardian overseeing the well-being of the ailing TV host. The close friend, Regina Shell, who has shared a bond with Wendy since the age of 13, expressed reservations about the guardian, Sabrina Morrissey, as she revealed Read More > Conclusion of Trial Approaching in JetBlue’s Bid to Acquire Spirit Airlines December 5, 2023 A lawyer for JetBlue Airways said Tuesday that the biggest U.S. airlines are using their size to cement their dominance in a post-pandemic world, making it critical that a federal judge allow JetBlue to buy Spirit Airlines. The lawyer, Ryan Shores, said JetBlue needs Spirit to be a “viable challenger” Read More > What to know about the 4th Republican presidential debate December 5, 2023 An even smaller field of Republican presidential candidates will face off in the fourth primary debate on Wednesday in Alabama. Viewers will see fewer hopefuls on stage after South Carolina Sen. Tim Scott suspended his campaign last month. The party’s higher thresholds to qualify may also prevent some candidates from making the cut. Former Read More > Jobs Data Reflects Encouraging Shift in Labor Market, Signaling Positive Outlook for the Fed December 5, 2023 The US job market is finally normalizing after COVID threw it out of whack nearly four years ago. Recent job data analysis suggests a promising shift in the labor market, indicating a notable improvement that signals positive prospects for the Federal Reserve. The figures reflect a trend towards a more Read More > World News China’s most popular shopping app spies on users November 28, 2023 Read More > Finance News How to protect yourself from tax-related identity theft – and what victims can do November 30, 2023 Read More > About Us Contact Us Unsubscribe Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Menu About Us Contact Us Unsubscribe Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell My Personal Information Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Latest News Warning: Do not travel to any of these 19 countries February 25, 2025 A sinkhole is eating this Texas town February 25, 2025 Why Are Cows Getting The Bird Flu? August 30, 2024