Modern Hiring Software & Applicant Tracking System | Breezy HR 🚀Now launching … Breezy Intelligence: AI built for hiring people. Let's go👉 Products Advertise & Attract Showcase your open positions in all the right places. Career Sites Job Advertising Employee Referrals Automate & Qualify Streamline screening to review more applicants in less time. Candidate Management Breezy Intelligence Automated Workflows Collaborative Hiring Interview Tools Hire & Measure Simplify offers and onboarding for hassle-free hiring. Offer Management HRIS Integrations Compliance Reporting & Analytics Onboard Simplify offers and onboarding for hassle-free hiring. Review Cycles Start your first review cycle today with a quick setup and smart tools. Goals Set shared goals to align and track team targets quickly and easily. Feedback Boost recognition with virtual high-fives and templated feedback. 1:1s Make your 1:1s count with templates for insightful, impactful meetings. Hiring Resources Sign In Demo Why Breezy About The real stars of Breezy HR: Meet the stellar team behind Breezy ATS & Breezy Perform Integrations Get more value from your tools with Breezy HR integrations. Partners Easy to use and feature-rich solutions for your clients means more revenue for you. Customers We love our customers. Learn how some have used Breezy to grow their business. Pricing Find & Hire Employees, Sooner. From advertising jobs to making offers, get everything you need to attract and hire better employees — in less time. Review & Improve Performance, Faster. From setting goals to achieving and celebrating them, get everything you need to engage your employees and accelerate your business in a single, simple place. Sign In Demo Get Started Attract & Promote Showcase your open positions in all the right places. Automate & Qualify Streamline screening to review more applicants in less time. Hire & Measure Simplify offers and onboarding for hassle-free hiring. Pricing Simple, Flexible Pricing for growing companies Integrations Integrate the tools and services you use most, to keep working in one place. Features Spend less time on navigation and clicks, and more time hitting targets, supporting each other, and {gasp!} engaging in real conversations. Pricing Simple, Flexible Pricing for growing companies Sign In Find & Hire Employees, Sooner. From advertising jobs to making offers, get everything you need to attract and hire better employees — in less time. Get Started Full Feature 14-Day Trial No Credit Card Needed 100,000 Breezy Intelligence Credits Included Advertise & Attract Get your job in front of millions of candidates. You’re ready to get the word out about your openings. Breezy will advertise your open positions on 50+ top job sites, with a single click. Learn more about Advertise & Attract Look your best. What good are all those eyeballs if they don’t love what they see? Breezy makes it easy to customize a simple, beautiful careers site in as little or as much time as you like. Learn more about Breezy's Career Sites Automate & Qualify Focus on hiring, not tedious, repetitive tasks. You already have a million things to do. Breezy automates tedious tasks like pre-screening candidates, sending emails, scheduling interviews, and collecting feedback from your team. Learn more about Automate & Qualify Hire & Measure Turn great candidates into new employees. You’ve done all the legwork and are ready to hire. Breezy’s easy-to-use offer management and HRIS integrations make it simple to turn applicants into employees! Learn more about Hire & Measure Keep growing your company. We've got hiring covered. Over 17,000 companies of every shape and size have chosen Breezy to automate repetitive hiring tasks, so they can spend more time engaging with a diverse set of high-quality candidates. Hire from Anywhere Away from your desk? No problem. Our mobile app gives you access to everything you need to make hiring decisions on the go. World-Class Support Our best-in-class customer support will give you personalized and outstanding service, plus regular, free webinars. Free Templates & Resources Pull from more than 800 HR and recruiting templates, and stay in the know with Breezy’s Help Center and Hire Learning Blog. All the Integrations You Need Whether you need to run a background check, personality assessment, or integrate with your own employee management system, Breezy’s got your back. Stay Secure, Stay Compliant We're ISO/IEC certified, so you can rest easy knowing your data — and your candidates' — is protected. You're in Good Company Our customers love us, and it shows! According to Gartner we're the most highly rated HR and Applicant Tracking product in Customer Satisfaction. Testimonials Our Customers Love Us! Find out what they have to say about Breezy. "Breezy is incredibly easy to use and customize, I do not have to spend very much showing other people how to use it." Francesca Bossi "Now that we use Breezy, hiring takes us way less time." Sarah Corbliou Are you ready? Start optimizing your recruiting process today. Join the thousands of companies already hiring with Breezy HR. Start My Free Trial Full Feature 14-Day Trial No Credit Card Needed 100,000 Breezy Intelligence Credits Included 434 Fayetteville Street, 9th Floor, Raleigh, NC 27601 Hire Attract Qualify Hire Onboard Integrations Pricing Perform Features Pricing Hire Learning Articles Guides Templates Reports Courses Company About Contact Us Careers Customers Partners Support ATS Help Center Perform Help Center Developer API Breezy Status ©2025 Breezy HR, Inc. Part of Learning Technologies Group plc Security Corporate Responsibility Disclosures Terms of Service Privacy Policy Breezy uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this (cookies are delicious!) but you can opt out if want to. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Deny Ok, got it