Brex: The Modern Finance Software Platform | Spend Smarter | Brex Products Solutions Resources Customers Pricing Sign in See a demo Get started Get started Finance built for speed and control. Modern cards, banking, expenses, accounting, and more — in 120+ countries. Get started Brex is a financial technology company, not a bank. Checking and banking services provided by Column N.A., Member FDIC. See Brex in action Finance built for speed and control. Modern cards, banking, expenses, accounting, and more — in 120+ countries. Get started See Brex in action Brex is a financial technology company, not a bank. Checking and banking services provided by Column N.A., Member FDIC. Trusted by 35,000+ top companies. The card is just the start. Everything you need to boost spending power and control — and eliminate manual work. Corporate cards Spend smart globally with powerful cards and built-in controls. Expense management Use AI to automate approvals and expense reports. Track in real time. Travel Simplify global travel with in-app booking and management. Bill pay Save time with AI-powered invoice entry and payment automation. Banking and treasury Save, spend, and grow your cash with up to 3.79%† — from day one. Solutions for every stage of growth. Startups Get the only complete financial stack designed to help start and scale your business. Learn more Mid-size companies Spend smarter worldwide with AI-powered budgets, expenses, payments, and travel. Learn more Enterprises Simplify global travel and expenses with automation that makes compliance easy. Learn more Supercharge your financial operations. Maximize every resource with AI-powered controls, payments, and accounting. Control spend before it happens. Set budgets and allocate spend limits with auto-enforced controls that empower employees to spend wisely. Track and adjust in real time to keep everyone on budget and maximize impact. Explore Brex cards Make doing your expenses easy. Make expenses a breeze for employees and managers with automated receipts, an AI-powered expense assistant, in-app travel bookings and itinerary changes. All in a five-star mobile app. Explore Brex expense management Maximize your spending power. Unlock up to 3.79%† , fast global payments, up to 30x higher credit limits, and cash back with a Brex business account. Plus, safeguard your capital with up to $6M in additional FDIC insurance through our program banks. Explore Brex business accounts Pay vendors faster and easier. Save time with AI-powered automation of invoice entry, approval, and payments. Issue vendor-specific cards for any teams with per-transaction limits and procurement approval flows. Explore Brex bill pay Accelerate accounting with AI. Save time with AI-generated suggestions and 1,000s of two-way ERP integrations. Book accruals for incomplete expenses with one click to close the books every day and automate GL coding by entity globally. Explore Brex accounting automation Save and earn more, only with Brex. AI-powered automation 4,250 hours Average time saved per year with Brex’s expense and accounting automation. Best-in-class treasury Up to 3.79%† Same-hour liquidity and built-in treasury that makes you money. Superior policy compliance 99% Average rate of expense policy compliance by employees on Brex. These metrics are based on internal metrics from December 2024. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary. DoorDash SeatGeek Lemonade “Brex has been a major gain for us in efficiency for T&E. It’s easy for employees to understand where and how to spend.” — Mike Kim , Vice President of Finance, DoorDash Read the case study DoorDash “Brex has been a major gain for us in efficiency for T&E. It’s easy for employees to understand where and how to spend.” — Mike Kim , Vice President of Finance, DoorDash Read the case study SeatGeek Lemonade DoorDash “Brex has been a major gain for us in efficiency for T&E. It’s easy for employees to understand where and how to spend.” — Mike Kim , Vice President of Finance, DoorDash Read the case study SeatGeek Lemonade See what Brex can do for you. Learn how our intelligent finance platform can help your company spend smarter and move faster. Get started See what Brex can do for you. Learn how our intelligent finance platform can help your company spend smarter and move faster. Get started Trending insights on intelligent finance. What is intelligent finance? 8 reasons to switch to AI-powered financial operations Intelligent finance uses AI to eliminate manual expense reports, reviews, and policy enforcement. Learn how it automates finance, boosts compliance, and more. Reimagining global cards and travel management for the enterprise The CEOs of Brex and Navan discuss how their partnership unlocks 100% travel payment reconciliation for enterprise companies. The future of procurement is automated and integrated How modern companies approach procurement as part of a unified spend management system. Why finance leaders are embracing AI-powered spend management Some firms are using AI to increase control and ward off problems in finance and accounting. Are you? AI, automation, and the future of accounting Will AI replace my accountants? Probably not, says this CFO, but look for accounting roles to become more specialized as AI and automation go into hyperdrive. Brex Benchmark: 2025 year-end report See which AI and software vendors reign supreme in this exclusive analysis of how 35,000+ customers spent using Brex in 2025. 7 strategies to increase your T&E program ROI Your corporate travel program might be costing you more than you know. Get the playbook that Zoom and Scale AI are using to travel smarter, save money, and increase travel ROI. Scaling with speed and control: A playbook for finance leaders Dive deep into how you can deliver both speed and control through rapid growth without losing your sanity or your weekends. The AI infrastructure shift: Why OpenAI spend is up 80% on Brex OpenAI's momentum with Brex customers is compounding in 2025. We detail its meteoric rise from chatbot to platform strategy in October's Brex Benchmark. Product Corporate card Business banking Expense management Accounting automation Bill pay Travel Startups Release notes Platform Intelligence Global ready Native integrations Live Budgets Reporting Mobile app API Company About Brex Careers Contact Partner portal Press Security Resources Customer Hub Help center Resource center & blog Spend trends Accounting services Status Implementation services Legal Privacy Your Privacy Choices †Total treasury return includes yield and additional return and is subject to the total balance in Checking, Treasury, and Vault. Yield is the annual percentage rate based on the current 7-day average yield for the Dreyfus Government Cash Management Fund (DGVXX) , and is effective as of 12/30/25 . Additional return is effective as of 12/30/25 and paid by Brex Treasury LLC. Yield and additional return are variable and only earned on invested funds in Treasury. Yield and additional return are provided monthly and automatically reinvested. More details on current rates here . Brex Inc. | 650 S 500W Suite 300 | Salt Lake City, UT 84101 Brex is a financial technology company, not a bank. The Brex business account consists of Checking, a commercial checking account provided by Column N.A., Member FDIC , and Treasury and Vault, cash management services provided by Brex Treasury LLC, Member FINRA / SIPC . Securities are offered through Brex Treasury LLC. Funds in Treasury are not FDIC-insured. Funds in Vault at program banks are eligible for FDIC insurance. Funds are not FDIC-insured until they arrive at program banks. Conditions apply. Investing in securities involves risk and loss of money. Yield and return are variable and fluctuate. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. This is not an offer to, or implied offer, or a solicitation to, buy or sell any securities. Brex Treasury LLC does not provide legal, tax, or investment advice. The latest statement of financial condition for Brex Treasury LLC is available here . The Brex Mastercard® Corporate Credit Card is issued by Emigrant Bank or Fifth Third Bank N.A, pursuant to licenses by Mastercard International Inc., or Airwallex (Netherlands) B.V. Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Inc. The Brex Commercial Card is issued by Sutton Bank, pursuant to a license from Visa® U.S.A. Inc. Valid only in the US. Card can be used where Visa® debit cards are accepted. No ATM access. All loans are subject to approval, including underwriting, credit, and collateral approval, as well as availability restrictions. Nothing herein should be construed as a commitment to lend. Certain payment services are provided by Brex Payments LLC, a licensed money transmitter (NMLS #2035354). Some Brex products have associated fees. Plans start at $0 per user, per month, and more advanced features are available for $12 per user, per month.