Earn More From Video | Deliver, engage, and monetize traffic | TargetVideo Skip to content Publishers Managed Video Player Video Streaming Platform Advertisers Company About Us Contact Careers Press Release Media Kit Developers Documentation Platform API Player API Andriod SDK iOS SDK Blog CONTACT SALES Client Login EN EN DE Publishers Managed Video Player Video Streaming Platform Advertisers Company About Us Contact Careers Press Release Media Kit Developers Documentation Platform API Player API Andriod SDK iOS SDK Blog CONTACT SALES Client Login EN EN DE Earn more from video Deliver video content, engage audiences, and monetize traffic Trusted by publishers and advertisers the world over Earn more from video Deliver video content, engage audiences, and monetize traffic Trusted by publishers and advertisers the world over SEAMLESS REVENUE Managed Video Player Plug-and-Play Exclusive Video Content Premium Ad Demand More about Managed Player ENTERPRISE TECH SOLUTION Streaming Video Platform Full Flexibility & Freedom Live Streaming & OTT Apps Data Insights & Support More about Platform Get Paid to Show Ads Managed Player from TargetVideo is a plug-and-play website monetization solution. Simply embed the player to provide your viewers with top-quality content and start earning from our premium ad demand. The player, content, and ads are managed by our stellar customer success team. Why TargetVideo Videos to choose from 0 + Increase in revenue 0 %+ Increase in website dwell times 0 %+ “We chose TargetVideo for our white-label CMS platform because of their high level of expertise in video monetization, great service, and development skills. They offer swift feedback and support, empowering us to enhance our publishing platform and unlock opportunities for our customers. Having them as partners in the video universe is reassuring, as they are always up-to-date with frequent changes and novelties in the industry.” Jekaterina Rogovenko “TargetVideo has been our partner for video advertising for a year now. During this time, we have more than doubled our sales. In addition, the native player offers our users creative and interesting video content. We appreciate the good cooperation and look forward to the second year together.” Leben und Erziehen “The platform is a testament to simplicity and adaptability. With TargetVideo, we didn’t just find a service; we discovered a partner that has become a cornerstone of our success.” The Publisher Desk “From our initial exploratory call to rollout to aftercare, our experience of TargetVideo has been excellent. The super-friendly team is always on hand to support us. We find their system easy to use, and they are constantly making improvements based on feedback and suggestions. To top it off, we started earning ad revenue from the day we launched. Highly recommend!” Pink News “We have used many different solutions over the past few years, and by far, this is the best experience. The tech’s overall functionality and flexibility, along with the great support, have allowed us to roll the player out to more than 30 sites in only a few weeks.” Modern Luxury “TargetVideo stands out as an exceptional partner. They provide a solid, reliable product that has not only met but exceeded our expectations. Their commitment to excellence and innovation has been instrumental in our success, making them an invaluable asset to our team.” Auto Proyecto “We chose TargetVideo for our white-label CMS platform because of their high level of expertise in video monetization, great service, and development skills. They offer swift feedback and support, empowering us to enhance our publishing platform and unlock opportunities for our customers. Having them as partners in the video universe is reassuring, as they are always up-to-date with frequent changes and novelties in the industry.” Jekaterina Rogovenko “TargetVideo has been our partner for video advertising for a year now. During this time, we have more than doubled our sales. In addition, the native player offers our users creative and interesting video content. We appreciate the good cooperation and look forward to the second year together.” Leben und Erziehen “The platform is a testament to simplicity and adaptability. With TargetVideo, we didn’t just find a service; we discovered a partner that has become a cornerstone of our success.” The Publisher Desk “From our initial exploratory call to rollout to aftercare, our experience of TargetVideo has been excellent. The super-friendly team is always on hand to support us. We find their system easy to use, and they are constantly making improvements based on feedback and suggestions. To top it off, we started earning ad revenue from the day we launched. Highly recommend!” Pink News “We have used many different solutions over the past few years, and by far, this is the best experience. The tech’s overall functionality and flexibility, along with the great support, have allowed us to roll the player out to more than 30 sites in only a few weeks.” Modern Luxury “TargetVideo stands out as an exceptional partner. They provide a solid, reliable product that has not only met but exceeded our expectations. Their commitment to excellence and innovation has been instrumental in our success, making them an invaluable asset to our team.” Auto Proyecto More control, more options If You Need Full Control Our SaaS Video Platform gives you the freedom to manage all the ins and outs of your content delivery and monetization strategy. In addition to complete cost control, the platform provides access to advanced player configuration, ad yield tools, OTT apps, live streaming, DRM, and more. The Platform for Networks The platform is the perfect tool for publishing and ad networks as well as media houses, allowing detailed management of different platform aspects by the respective user roles. Our experience with networks and our customer success management team are there to simplify integrations, optimize work processes, and help you reach your target ROI. for advertisers Premium Inventory at Your Fingertips Tap into a network of 500+ quality, brand-safe websites and access 100m+ monthly UUs across attractive verticals, including health, sports, home and living, parenting, DIY, and more. Discover TargetVideo’s content for advertisers, brand solutions, video production, campaign management, and more. Learn More Who We Are https://target-video.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/this_is_us_englisch_25.01.2024_new_HD.mp4 We are an ad solutions powerhouse that provides content monetization and digital advertising services to publishers and advertisers worldwide. Our all-in-one HTML5 player solution allows website owners to generate ad revenue with minimal work, access quality video content, and get the best ROI. Our in-house native advertising solution provides brands with access to a wide network of quality inventory sellers, over 100M+ unique users, and 1BN+ monthly views across various verticals. Who We Are Your browser does NOT support HTML5 video. We are an ad solutions powerhouse that provides content monetization and digital advertising services to publishers and advertisers worldwide. Our all-in-one HTML5 player solution allows website owners to generate ad revenue with minimal work, access quality video content, and get the best ROI. Our in-house native advertising solution provides brands with access to a wide network of quality inventory sellers, over 100M+ unique users, and 1BN+ monthly views across various verticals. Read Our Blog Long-Form Video: Make the Most Out of Long-form videos are the key to establishing a… Read More Marta Grgurović 10 Tips on How to Improve Video Want your videos to capture attention and keep… Read More Mina Andric 5 Live Streaming Tips & Best Practices We’ve compiled a list of top 8 live… Read More Marta Grgurović Load More Subscribe To Our Newsletter Managed Player Video Platform Advertisers Demo Features Blog About Careers Contact Us Follow us on Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin-in Managed Player Video Platform Advertisers Demo Features Blog About Careers Contact Us Follow us on Facebook X-twitter Instagram Linkedin-in Copyright © 2025 TargetVideo GmbH All rights reserved. Imprint Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright © 2025 TargetVideo GmbH All rights reserved. Imprint Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Manage Cookie Consent We use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. We do this to improve browsing experience and to show (non-) personalized ads. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent