D2L | Online Learning Platform | Creators of the Brightspace LMS Software Skip to main content English English English (APAC) English (Europe) English (IN) English (MEA) Español Français (CA) Nederlands Português High Contrast High Contrast Mode Contact Sales What’s new at D2L Support Community Login Help Why D2L? Why D2L? We believe that everyone deserves access to high-quality education, regardless of age, ability or location. Learn why D2L The D2L Difference Customer Corner Discover what success looks like with a proven learning partner. Compare D2L Explore the features and benefits that set us apart. Product Roadmap See how our roadmap drives the future of learning. Summer 2024 G2 - Best Usability Learn more about the G2 Brightspace reviews Products and Services D2L Brightspace Create and deliver personalized learning at scale with powerful tools and customizable content. Explore D2L Brightspace D2L Brightspace Add-ons D2L Lumi D2L Creator+ D2L Performance+ D2L Achievement+ D2L Link D2L Accessibility+ Services and Support Onboard Brightspace Optimize Brightspace Transform Brightspace Customer Success Solutions D2L for Higher Education Boost enrollment with an easy-to-use learning solution designed for every learner. D2L for K-12 Engage and inspire students with interactive learning experiences. D2L for Associations Drive membership growth with high-impact experiences. D2L for Training Organizations Grow your learning business and stay competitive. D2L for Business Delight employees and drive performance with flexible learning. D2L for Government Scale secure and accessible public sector learning. Use Case Continuing Education K-12 Blended Learning Member Training Competency-Based Education Professional Learning Non-Profits and Charities Professional Development D2L Adventure Upskilling and Certification Dynamic Course Design Virtual Learning Product Enablement Business School Innovation Employee Onboarding Resources Resource Library Blogs, guides, podcasts, webinars, masterclasses and more for today’s educators and training pros. Explore resources Customer Stories Discover what success looks like with a proven learning partner. Podcasts Get informed on a wide range of topics and inspired by industry leaders and experts. Guides Gain deeper knowledge about the topics and products that inspire you. Events and Webinars Our upcoming events and webinars, plus recordings of previous sessions. Blog Trends, tips and insights on the latest and greatest in teaching and learning. Teaching and Learning Studio Podcasts, free masterclasses and expert advice to hone your craft. Learn More for D2L Academy Company Company We are transforming the future of education and work, driven by the belief that everyone deserves access to high-quality learning. About D2L Careers Boost your career and join a team that’s making a global impact on learners. Leadership Meet the leaders bringing D2L’s mission to life. Awards Explore the awards that celebrate D2L’s innovation and learning excellence. Newsroom Stay up to date on what we’re up to with recent and relevant highlights. Partners Explore our partner programs and pick the one that works best for you. Investor Relations View D2L's latest financial information, stock data and corporate governance insights. Request a Demo Inspired by Innovation, Powered by You Sweeping product enhancements for D2L Brightspace elevate the learning experience yet again. See What’s New What’s New From smoother course creation to expanded AI functionality, explore the exciting new innovations unveiled at Fusion 2025. D2L Brightspace Access new and enhanced features that help you get even more out of your learning platform. (Coming Soon) Createspace : Experience a central hub for creating, editing, collaborating and sharing content Content : Discover the new search, topic descriptions, unlimited module depth and learner completion progress Print Quiz : Access assessments anywhere and anytime you need them New Quiz Grading : Meet a familiar grading experience with enhancements to the quiz grader Bulk Actions : Save time by providing feedback to all learners with one click Due Dates for Discussions : Provide deadlines for discussions with all the features of other assessments D2L Lumi Enhance the learning experience with expanded AI functionality. Lumi Insights : Identify exactly what support learners require Lumi Study Support : Fill gaps in understanding with personalized study suggestions Lumi Chat : Get answers to your questions in Brightspace, 24/7 Lumi Tutor : Provide learners with a cognitive coach at every step in the learning journey Lumi Feedback : Provide educator-driven feedback to learners faster Creator+ and H5P Boost engagement and completion rates with engaging course content. Smart Import : Create engaging course content with Artificial Intelligence Layout Builder : Access a visual, drag-and-drop tool for designing resources Quiz Interactives : Enhance assessments with H5P interactives in quizzes D2L Link Make it easier and faster to integrate Brightspace with other systems with out-of-the-box integrations. Learn more about D2L Link Accessibility+ Deliver AI-driven and expert-reviewed digital accessibility for all content types. Learn More Accessibility+ D2L Academy Dive into expert-built, role-based learning experiences that meet you exactly where you are. Learn More about D2L Academy D2L Product Roadmap Great ideas don’t just happen. They’re planned, built and delivered with purpose. Explore our Roadmap D2L Product Release | Midyear 2025 Explore what we have released from the past 6 months and discover how we’re helping you do more with D2L. Explore our latest release Explore Brightspace One Platform for All Your Needs The easiest and most comprehensive LMS in the market, Brightspace is built for learning at every stage of life—from the earliest days of school to higher education, careers and beyond. Explore Brightspace Get the Most out of Brightspace Enhance your Brightspace experience. AI-enabled Learning D2L Lumi Increase efficiency with powerful AI-driven assistance, while keeping full control. Course Authoring D2L Creator+ Boost engagement and completion rates by delivering engaging, interactive course content. Outcomes-Based Education D2L Achievement+ Simplify reporting and effortlessly oversee learning outcomes with a dashboard aligned to your educational goals. Learning Insights D2L Performance+ Empower your organization to uncover course and learner data with insights that help you make better decisions faster. E-Commerce D2L Course Merchant Enable anyone to discover, browse, purchase and self-enroll in course offerings through your own branded storefront. Integrations D2L Link Make it easier and faster to integrate Brightspace with other systems through D2L Link. Find the Solution That Fits Your World Explore offerings created specifically for you. D2L for Higher Education D2L for Higher Education D2L for Business D2L for Business D2L for Training Organizations D2L for Training Organizations D2L for K-12 D2L for K-12 D2L for Associations D2L for Associations D2L for Government D2L for Government D2L for Higher Education Deliver Personalized Learning at Scale Elevate the teaching and learning experience with a modern, accessible platform that’s user-friendly and easy to track. Position your institution for growth and boost enrollments Increase engagement and completion rates Unlock actionable insights with powerful reporting capabilities Learn more Learn more D2L for Business Tailor Learning for Business Growth Drive engagement and performance with high-impact learning that builds in-demand skills, retains top talent and increases work efficiency. Accelerate onboarding with programs that foster engagement and retention Deliver sales enablement with interactive, high-impact content that drives results Transform leadership development with expert guidance and proven learning strategies Learn more Learn more D2L for Training Organizations Unlock Learning as a Catalyst for Growth Create and deliver effective learning at scale—and measure its impact—with a platform built to help drive your mission forward. Engage learners with accessible, personalized training offerings Reduce manual tasks with AI and automation to streamline learning administration and delivery Unlock new revenue with e-commerce workflows for an integrated storefront experience Learn More Learn More D2L for K-12 Empower Every Educator and Engage Every Learner Create a supportive, adaptable K-12 learning environment with intuitive tools, engaging content and a platform that grows with your district. Support district-wide success with a platform that delivers data-driven insights and seamless integration Enhance teacher effectiveness with intuitive content creation tools and integrated professional development Engage and inspire students with interactive, personalized learning experiences Learn More Learn More D2L for Associations Make Online Learning a Membership Value Attract new members and keep existing ones with unbeatable learning experiences. Engage your audiences with education programs that build careers with continuous professional development Streamline workflows with AI and simplify content creation to scale your programs with ease Grow non-dues revenue with e-commerce workflows for an integrated storefront experience Learn more Learn more D2L for Government Offer Safe, Secure and Scalable Online Learning Deliver transformative public sector learning experiences that meet your regulatory, security and custom requirements. Feel safe with a secure platform that partners with Carahsoft Onboard and develop employees faster to improve retention and performance Unlock data-driven insights to align learning programs to organizational mandates and goals Learn more Learn more Brightspace has helped our online teachers feel like they’re part of a professional organization, even though they might be teaching from their kitchen table. Joy Karavedas Senior Director of Research and New Program Development, Orange Lutheran High School We’re training young adults to be lifelong learners. It’s not just getting the job—it’s a meaningful career. Gary Flowers CIO, Year Up United When students with a disability are accommodated, we are seeing anywhere on average from a 10% to 12% jump in retention. Kelly Hermann VP, Accessibility, Equity & Inclusion, University of Phoenix Recognized for Service Excellence, Driven by Your Goals Technology is just one part of the solution. From platform migration, course design to tailored service and everything in between, organizations like yours choose D2L for our award-winning and personalized approach to customer success, professional services and proactive support. Get Our Expert Help A Focus on Innovation Yields Rewarding Results With over 25 years behind us, recognition is an honor we don’t take lightly. view all awards about the Training Industry Let’s Make Change That Truly Matters Deliver excellence in teaching and learning with engaging course materials, human-powered AI solutions and data-driven insights that align with your organization’s goals. Get Started with D2L Brightspace With D2L, it’s a true partnership, and that’s rare to find these days. Connie Ryan Founder and President Professional Development Institute Follow us twitter link linkedin link facebook link youtube link Why D2L Customer Corner Customer Reviews K-12 Customers Higher Education Customers Corporate Customers Association Customers Products D2L Brightspace Services Cloud Support Company Leadership Careers Contact Info & Office Locations Sustainability Philanthropy Newsroom Awards & Recognition Investor Relations Champions Program D2L Labs Privacy Center Security Open Source Trademarks and Patents Solutions K-12 Higher Education D2L for Business Association Government Healthcare Manufacturing Non-profit Retail Technology and Software Training Organization Resources Artificial Intelligence Resources Blog Ebooks & Guides Podcasts Teaching and Learning Studio Webinars Events Learning2030 Blog Community K-12 Brightspace User Resources What is an LMS? What is Asynchronous Learning? What’s new at D2L Best Corporate LMS Copyright © 2025 D2L Corporation. All rights reserved. Status Privacy Statement Do Not Sell My PI Terms of Use Accessibility Compliance Cookies Policy Modern Slavery Statement