Brightspeed Internet | Fast and Reliable Fiber Internet Plans Skip to main content Home Business About us Contact 833-692-7773 Shop internet Why Fiber? Shop add-ons View all add-ons Digital Voice WiFi Protection Total Home Tech Support WiFi extenders Streaming services Moving? Find support Residential support Small business support Enterprise business support Sign in Home account Small business account Enterprise business account Quick bill pay Home Business Sign in Home account Small business account Enterprise business account Quick bill pay Shop internet Why Fiber? Shop add-ons View all add-ons Digital Voice WiFi Protection Total Home Tech Support WiFi extenders Streaming services Moving? Find support Residential support Small business support Enterprise business support About us Contact 833-692-7773 Enter your address: Enter your address to unlock the best deals. Already a customer? switch to the bright side Get your home holiday-ready. The big holiday upgrade to ultrafast fiber makes every moment connected, merry, and bright. Unwrap the gift of speed with our best deals. Check availability switch to the bright side Don't overpay for your internet. Switch to ultrafast fiber now for just $29.99/mo*. Check availability Limited availability in select areas. †Limited time offer for new Brightspeed customers; subject to change. Applies to base rate of select fiber plans only. Standard rates apply after promotion period. Restrictions apply. *Ltd time offer; qualifying, new Brightspeed customers only. Purchase of, and cont. subscription to qualifying plan for 90 days required. Select plans only. While supplies last. Card issued by Pathward®, N.A., Member FDIC. Card terms and exp apply. Restrictions apply. Offer terms *Limited time offer. Limited availability/areas. Taxes and fees extra. Depending on location, paperless billing and/or autopay via bank account or debit card may be required to receive service or certain pricing or discounts. Pricing subject to change. Previous Jump to Quick bill pay Modify my plan Service help Check my speed Next Brightspeed Fiber Internet This holiday season, get up to 4 WiFi extenders free for 1 month with any fiber plan*. Learn more Limited availability in select areas.  *Limted time offer; subject to change. 1 month free WiFi extenders (limit 4, lease only). New Fiber customers only. Standard rate applies after. Call to cancel. Restrictions apply. Offer terms Previous Next $200 Prepaid Card* Performance Brightspeed Fiber Internet 2 Gig Experience effortless streaming, gaming, video calling, uploading and downloading. All at once. Equal 2 Gig upload and download speeds Work and learn from home without interruptions Supports ultra HD streaming, gaming, and complete home security systems Includes equipment with next generation WiFi 6 technology for maximum home coverage Best for anyone looking for bandwidth that can easily handle dozens of devices at once Premium router with secure WiFi, no annual contracts, and no termination fees Check availability $100 Prepaid Card* Performance Brightspeed Fiber Internet 1 Gig Our most popular plan for multiple high-bandwidth users. Ultrafast 940 Mbps upload and download speeds Work and learn from home without interruptions 4K streaming and advanced gaming Supports extensive smart home capabilities Best for households that need ultrafast speeds for working, playing and home security Premium router with secure WiFi, no annual contracts, and no termination fees Check availability $100 Prepaid Card* Basic Brightspeed Fiber Internet 500 Mbps High speed made for HD streaming and competitive gaming. Superfast 500 Mbps upload and download speeds Work and learn from home without interruptions Ultra HD streaming and improved latency for gaming Ample bandwidth to support more users Best for anyone seeking a boost or larger households with a need for speed Premium router with secure WiFi, no annual contracts, and no termination fees Check availability Basic Brightspeed Fiber Internet 200 Mbps Fast and reliable connection at an affordable cost. Equal 200 Mbps upload and download speeds Perfect for everyday streaming, gaming, and surfing Best for small households looking for great speed at great value Premium router with secure WiFi, no annual contracts, and no termination fees Check availability Previous Next Limited availability in select areas. Speed based on wired connection and compatible equipment. WiFi speeds may vary. *Ltd time offer; qualifying, new Brightspeed customers only. Purchase of, and cont. subscription to qualifying plan for 90 days required. Select plans only. While supplies last. Card issued by Pathward®, N.A., Member FDIC. Card terms and exp apply. Restrictions apply. Offer terms Brightspeed Internet Learn more Brightspeed Internet Always on and always reliable. Plan speeds up to 20 Mbps Connect up to 2 devices at once Browse, email, and shop No data caps Reliable broadband over your phone line Check availability Offer terms . “We made the switch to Brightspeed and we are NEVER going back.” Michelle,  Brightspeed Fiber customer “The internet is blazing fast 🔥” Kutchy,  Brightspeed Fiber customer “Customer service, sales representative, and technician were all amazing.” Tiffany,  Brightspeed Fiber customer “Very impressive upload speeds that I’m getting now compared to cable.” Doug,  Brightspeed Fiber customer “Installers were courteous, fast, and knowledgeable.” Phillip,  Brightspeed Fiber customer Previous Next Trustpilot We make simple, simpler Your terms, no conditions Fast and reliable? Yes. Annual contracts and termination fees? No. Transparent pricing Our deals are the real deal. No surprises here. Here for you We’re just a phone call or chat away. Moving? We can’t help you pack, but we can have internet up and running at your new address. Follow the steps below for a seamless move-in day. See if we’re in your area. Pick your plan. That’s it, we’ll take care of the rest. Get started Common sense internet. We connect you to the world so that you can accomplish what you have to do, whatever it is that you do. With an ever-expanding network, we’re bringing connectivity and new opportunities to underserved areas. Because where you call home shouldn’t limit your internet options. Get to know us Internet, only better Get the internet experience you want with the simplicity you deserve. Check availability Follow us About us Contact us Careers Areas we serve For Customers Customers with disabilities Support Former CenturyLink customers Former Quantum Fiber customers White/Yellow Pages Privacy center About Brightspeed Newsroom Investor relations Wholesale Partner program Government relations Doing business with Brightspeed Digital Equity © 2025 Connect Holding LLC. All rights reserved. Legal Privacy policy Accessibility Cookie preferences This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. ×