Bright VPN - Free VPN service to protect your privacy Your IP: How do we know this? EVERY WEBSITE you use knows your IP, unless you use a VPN. Your location: How do we know this? EVERYONE on the Internet knows this. When your IP is visible, websites can know your location. (This has nothing to do with location sharing permissions) Your ISP: How do we know this? EVERYONE on the Internet knows this. When your IP is visible, websites can know your ISP. Your IP address: visible hidden Your IP is not hidden by Bright VPN Analyze connection How it is free? Your privacy Why VPN? VPN locations Referral Partner with us! Testimonials Download BrightVPN for Android! Scan QR Premium VPN. Free for you. Paid by companies you know. love. use. trust. You allow Bright Data to use your Internet connection. This pays for your premium VPN subscription. Download for: Download for BrightVPN Windows Download for BrightVPN Android Download for BrightVPN Android VPN for your TV BrightVPN LGTV Download for BrightVPN Mac Download Chrome Extension How is Bright VPN free? Bright Data owns Bright VPN and pays for your free VPN access. Bright Data collects public web information (online prices, flight information, etc) used by banks, universities, ecommerce sites and big brands you know. Am I the product? No, free vpn does not mean you are the product. We don’t need or want your data, and we don’t show you ads. We don’t see, collect or send any personal data, ever! Secure, private, free VPN Bright VPN encrypts your data and protects your privacy. It unblocks any website instantly, so you can access your favorite sites from anywhere. Same features as paid VPNs, but FREE VPN Browse securely and anonymously.  We don’t even ask for your email. FREE No email required Unlimited devices $12.95/month Requires Email 5 devices $11.95/month Requires Email 6 devices $11.95/month Requires Email 5 devices Download for BrightVPN Windows Download for BrightVPN Android Download for BrightVPN Android VPN for your TV BrightVPN LGTV Download for BrightVPN Mac Download Chrome Extension Why use a VPN? Bright VPN, free VPN service to protect your privacy Privacy Bright VPN protects your privacy by preventing the disclosure of your real IP address, so you remain 100% anonymous. Security Bright VPN secures your internet connection by encrypting your data, so that no one else can read your messages and activity but you. Freedom Bright VPN frees you from restrictions or censorship by unblocking any website from over 150 countries, connecting you to the free Internet from anywhere. Bright VPN is whitelisted by major antivirus engines such as Bright VPN security tools Immediately check your IP address with the “what is my IP” free security tool, offered by Bright VPN. The tool shows you your real IP address along with your geographic location and ISP (Internet Service Provider) in one user-friendly platform. Bright VPN is a free VPN service to hide your real IP address, location, and to encrypt your internet connection. Download for BrightVPN Windows Download for BrightVPN Android Download for BrightVPN Android VPN for your TV BrightVPN LGTV Download for BrightVPN Mac Analyze connection Optimized VPN proxy servers for your privacy and security We do not track nor store logs of your browsing history, traffic destination, data content, or DNS queries. Proxy servers list Security features IKEv2 protocol Bright VPN is a free VPN service that is packed with multiple security tools. You’ll enjoy the top in-market VPN connection encryption technology: IKEv2 (Internet Key Exchange version 2). Developed by Microsoft and Cisco, IKEv2 is a VPN encryption protocol that handles request-and-response actions. It makes sure your traffic is secure by establishing and handling SA (Security Association) attributes within an authentication suite, usually IPSec, since IKEv2 is built into it. Simple and easy to use Simple and intuitive, even as a new user, you will quickly learn how to use Bright VPN! Download Bright VPN Drag the app to the Applications folder Enjoy private, secure, and unrestricted browsing Simple and easy to use Become anonymous in 40 seconds with Bright VPN, 100% free vpn, no email or credit card required. Download Install Hide your IP Use Download for BrightVPN Windows Download for BrightVPN Android Download for BrightVPN Android VPN for your TV BrightVPN LGTV Download for BrightVPN Mac Download Chrome Extension General How it is free? Uninstall Country list Why use a VPN What’s my IP VPN Security features Referral program Blog Bright VPN in the news FAQ Policies Privacy End User Level Agreement (EULA) DMCA Policy Report Vulnerability Cookie Settings Your privacy Get in touch [email protected] Report Abuse Contact us Supported devices Download for Windows Download for MacOS Add to Google Chrome Add to Microsoft Edge Add to Firefox Add to Opera Enjoy on LG Smart TV English Русский 日本語 Español Indonesia 한국어 Italiano Türkçe Deutsch Français Tiếng Việt Português Português YouTube © Copyright 2025 Bright Data Ltd. | All rights reserved Install BrightVPN Desktop App To use BrightVPN, allow BrightData to occasionally access websites through your device. BrightData will: ONLY access public Internet web pages NEVER slow down your device or Internet connection NEVER access or collect your personal information, except IP address – see privacy policy Approved business Secure BrightData cloud Your device Public website Agree & Install (use available device resources) Full terms of service You are 1 click away from being fully secure with FREE Premium VPN! Here is what you need to do: Step 1 Bright VPN is downloading in top-right browser corner … Step 2 Once finished, complete installation Cleared by major Anti-Virus engines! We are confident that Bright VPN is 100% safe Still receiving an error message? Click here › How to install BrightVPN - Desktop App Step 1 Bright VPN is now downloading… Step 2 Once finished, click on the file and complete installation Bright VPN is available for Windows Operating System at the moment. Bright VPN is currently unavailable in this region. If you believe this is wrong, please send an email to [email protected] BrightVPN is now on Android! Enjoy secure browsing anywhere you go, it’s FREE! Scan QR for Download BrightVPN for Android