SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
English
High Contrast
Contact Sales
What’s new at D2L
Support
Community
Login Help
WHY D2L?
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
SOLUTIONS
RESOURCES
COMPANY
REQUEST A DEMO
Inspired by Innovation, Powered by You

Sweeping product enhancements for D2L Brightspace elevate the learning experience yet again.

SEE WHAT’S NEW
What’s New

From smoother course creation to expanded AI functionality, explore the exciting new innovations unveiled at Fusion 2025.

D2L Brightspace

Access new and enhanced features that help you get even more out of your learning platform.

(Coming Soon) Createspace: Experience a central hub for creating, editing, collaborating and sharing content
Content: Discover the new search, topic descriptions, unlimited module depth and learner completion progress
Print Quiz: Access assessments anywhere and anytime you need them
New Quiz Grading: Meet a familiar grading experience with enhancements to the quiz grader
Bulk Actions: Save time by providing feedback to all learners with one click
Due Dates for Discussions: Provide deadlines for discussions with all the features of other assessments
D2L Lumi

Enhance the learning experience with expanded AI functionality.

Lumi Insights: Identify exactly what support learners require
Lumi Study Support: Fill gaps in understanding with personalized study suggestions
Lumi Chat: Get answers to your questions in Brightspace, 24/7
Lumi Tutor: Provide learners with a cognitive coach at every step in the learning journey
Lumi Feedback: Provide educator-driven feedback to learners faster
Creator+ and H5P

Boost engagement and completion rates with engaging course content.

Smart Import: Create engaging course content with Artificial Intelligence
Layout Builder: Access a visual, drag-and-drop tool for designing resources
Quiz Interactives: Enhance assessments with H5P interactives in quizzes
D2L Link

Make it easier and faster to integrate Brightspace with other systems with out-of-the-box integrations.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT D2L LINK
Accessibility+

Deliver AI-driven and expert-reviewed digital accessibility for all content types.

LEARN MORE
ACCESSIBILITY+
D2L Academy

Dive into expert-built, role-based learning experiences that meet you exactly where you are.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT D2L ACADEMY
D2L Product Roadmap

Great ideas don’t just happen. They’re planned, built and delivered with purpose.

EXPLORE OUR ROADMAP
D2L Product Release | Midyear 2025

Explore what we have released from the past 6 months and discover how we’re helping you do more with D2L.

EXPLORE OUR LATEST RELEASE
EXPLORE BRIGHTSPACE
One Platform for All Your Needs

The easiest and most comprehensive LMS in the market, Brightspace is built for learning at every stage of life—from the earliest days of school to higher education, careers and beyond.

EXPLORE BRIGHTSPACE
Get the Most out of Brightspace

Enhance your Brightspace experience.

AI-enabled Learning
D2L Lumi
Increase efficiency with powerful AI-driven assistance, while keeping full control.
Course Authoring
D2L Creator+
Boost engagement and completion rates by delivering engaging, interactive course content.
Outcomes-Based Education
D2L Achievement+
Simplify reporting and effortlessly oversee learning outcomes with a dashboard aligned to your educational goals.
Learning Insights
D2L Performance+
Empower your organization to uncover course and learner data with insights that help you make better decisions faster.
E-Commerce
D2L Course Merchant
Enable anyone to discover, browse, purchase and self-enroll in course offerings through your own branded storefront.
Integrations
D2L Link
Make it easier and faster to integrate Brightspace with other systems through D2L Link.
Find the Solution That Fits Your World

Explore offerings created specifically for you.

D2L for Higher Education

D2L for Higher Education

D2L for Business

D2L for Business

D2L for Training Organizations

D2L for Training Organizations

D2L for K-12

D2L for K-12

D2L for Associations

D2L for Associations

D2L for Government

D2L for Government

D2L FOR HIGHER EDUCATION

Deliver Personalized Learning at Scale

Elevate the teaching and learning experience with a modern, accessible platform that’s user-friendly and easy to track.

Position your institution for growth and boost enrollments
Increase engagement and completion rates
Unlock actionable insights with powerful reporting capabilities
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
D2L FOR BUSINESS

Tailor Learning for Business Growth

Drive engagement and performance with high-impact learning that builds in-demand skills, retains top talent and increases work efficiency.

Accelerate onboarding with programs that foster engagement and retention
Deliver sales enablement with interactive, high-impact content that drives results
Transform leadership development with expert guidance and proven learning strategies
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
D2L FOR TRAINING ORGANIZATIONS

Unlock Learning as a Catalyst for Growth

Create and deliver effective learning at scale—and measure its impact—with a platform built to help drive your mission forward.

Engage learners with accessible, personalized training offerings
Reduce manual tasks with AI and automation to streamline learning administration and delivery
Unlock new revenue with e-commerce workflows for an integrated storefront experience
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
D2L FOR K-12

Empower Every Educator and Engage Every Learner

Create a supportive, adaptable K-12 learning environment with intuitive tools, engaging content and a platform that grows with your district.

Support district-wide success with a platform that delivers data-driven insights and seamless integration
Enhance teacher effectiveness with intuitive content creation tools and integrated professional development
Engage and inspire students with interactive, personalized learning experiences
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
D2L FOR ASSOCIATIONS

Make Online Learning a Membership Value

Attract new members and keep existing ones with unbeatable learning experiences.

Engage your audiences with education programs that build careers with continuous professional development
Streamline workflows with AI and simplify content creation to scale your programs with ease
Grow non-dues revenue with e-commerce workflows for an integrated storefront experience
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
D2L FOR GOVERNMENT

Offer Safe, Secure and Scalable Online Learning

Deliver transformative public sector learning experiences that meet your regulatory, security and custom requirements.

Feel safe with a secure platform that partners with Carahsoft
Onboard and develop employees faster to improve retention and performance
Unlock data-driven insights to align learning programs to organizational mandates and goals
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
Brightspace has helped our online teachers feel like they’re part of a professional organization, even though they might be teaching from their kitchen table.
Joy Karavedas Senior Director of Research and New Program Development, Orange Lutheran High School
We’re training young adults to be lifelong learners. It’s not just getting the job—it’s a meaningful career.
Gary Flowers CIO, Year Up United
When students with a disability are accommodated, we are seeing anywhere on average from a 10% to 12% jump in retention.
Kelly Hermann VP, Accessibility, Equity & Inclusion, University of Phoenix
Recognized for Service Excellence, Driven by Your Goals

Technology is just one part of the solution. From platform migration, course design to tailored service and everything in between, organizations like yours choose D2L for our award-winning and personalized approach to customer success, professional services and proactive support.

GET OUR EXPERT HELP
A Focus on Innovation Yields Rewarding Results

With over 25 years behind us, recognition is an honor we don’t take lightly.

VIEW ALL AWARDS
about the Training Industry
Let’s Make Change That Truly Matters

Deliver excellence in teaching and learning with engaging course materials, human-powered AI solutions and data-driven insights that align with your organization’s goals.

GET STARTED
WITH D2L BRIGHTSPACE
With D2L, it’s a true partnership, and that’s rare to find these days.
Connie Ryan
Founder and President
Professional Development Institute

Follow us

twitter link
linkedin link
facebook link
youtube link
Why D2L 
Customer Corner
Customer Reviews
K-12 Customers
Higher Education Customers
Corporate Customers
Association Customers
Products 
D2L Brightspace
Services
Cloud
Support
Company 
Leadership
Careers
Contact Info & Office Locations
Sustainability
Philanthropy
Newsroom
Awards & Recognition
Investor Relations
Champions Program
D2L Labs
Privacy Center
Security
Open Source
Trademarks and Patents
Solutions 
K-12
Higher Education
D2L for Business
Association
Government
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Non-profit 
Retail
Technology and Software 
Training Organization
Resources 
Artificial Intelligence Resources
Blog
Ebooks & Guides
Podcasts
Teaching and Learning Studio
Webinars
Events
Learning2030 Blog
Community
K-12 Brightspace User Resources
What is an LMS?
What is Asynchronous Learning?
What’s new at D2L
Best Corporate LMS
Copyright © 2025 D2L Corporation. All rights reserved.
Status
Privacy Statement
Do Not Sell My PI
Terms of Use
Accessibility Compliance
Cookies Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
English
We value your privacy

We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.

Accept all cookies
Necessary cookies only
Cookie settings