Enterprise SEO Platform | Brightedge Skip to main content Main navigation Product Analyze Keyword research Keyword research Find new keyword opportunities On Competitive analysis Competitive analysis Uncover your competitors’ strategies Off Live trends Live trends Identify real-time search trends Off Site audit Site audit Fully detect and fix technical issues Off Optimize On-page SEO On-page SEO Get prioritized SEO recommendations Off Content creation Content creation Accelerate new content creation with AI Off Content optimization Content optimization Leverage AI to optimize your entire website Off SEO Copilot SEO Copilot Boost performance with a personal AI assistant Off Measure Custom reporting Custom reporting Simplify reporting with tailored dashboards Off Traffic reporting Traffic reporting Track site traffic across all channels Off Keyword reporting Keyword reporting Track your most valuable keywords Off Page reporting Page reporting Analyze high-converting pages Off Platform capabilities Overview On AI Driven SEO Off Mobile SEO Off Local SEO Off Integrations Off New Capabilities AI Catalyst On Chrome Extension On Solutions Overview B2B Solutions DataMind Insights Keyword research Mobile Connect content & SEO Win at SEO Succeed with BrightEdge Enterprise SEO Resources Overview SEO guides Case studies White papers & POVs Research reports Customer stories Webinars Weekly AI Insights ROI calculator Videos Checklists Quizzes SEO glossary Blog Company About Us Trust Leadership News Press Releases Agency Info Contact Us Office Locations Careers Events All Events SPARK MAR 26 SPARK SEP 25 SPARK APR 25 SPARK Nov 24 SHARE Nov 23 SHARE May 22 AI Pulse New Request demo Login The #1 AI-powered SEO Platform Streamlining website optimization and discovery for the world’s leading brands Request demo LOVED BY MARKETERS AT Request a demo Drive Performance Across Traditional and AI Search See how BrightEdge customers increase their digital presence across the customer journey. Midsize Business Enterprise Business Global Multi-Market Local Business 61% increase in site visits Read case study 95% increase in organic revenue Read case study 13% increase in traffic engagement Read case study 171% increase in page 1 rankings Read case study 61% increase in site visits Read case study 95% increase in organic revenue Read case study 13% increase in traffic engagement Read case study 171% increase in page 1 rankings Read case study BrightEdge Awards Block The clear leader in SEO The BrightEdge difference The ultimate combination of keyword research, advanced AI, and innovations—all in one easy-to-use platform. Best in class Keyword research Access the industry's gold standard proprietary research engine, featuring over 4 billion data points and 10 years of historical context with unparalleled accuracy. Learn about Data Cube X industry leading ai Our AI does the heavy lifting. Copilot provides insights and suggestions so you can make impactful decisions fast, while Autopilot handles fully automated optimizations on your website. Learn about Autopilot Industry leading innovations With our leading-edge platform, not only will you outpace competitors, you will also be uniquely prepared for advancements in Google's AI, ChatGPT and emerging AI Search Engines, powered by insights from our proprietary generative parser. Learn More About BrightEdge AI Catalyst️ All-in-one Platform The most comprehensive platform for all your search and web optimization needs, from detailed research to scaled reporting, seamlessly integrating with your enterprise tools and offering the security and governance you need. Learn about Enterprise SEO Ease of use Our platform is designed to be intuitive and user-friendly for digital marketers, SEOs, and executives alike, configured to meet your unique needs, ensuring optimal performance. Learn about BrightEdge’s ease of use What customers have to say about us The Leader in SEO AI Tools “My favorite thing about BrightEdge is that it's really an all in one platform...The platform gives us actionable insights that make implementing our initiatives simple and straightforward.” Keith F., Sr. Digital Marketing Associate Powerful Platform “Most other providers will tell you how they compare to BrightEdge, while BrightEdge will show you how others will try to emulate them...I have yet to find an UI that comes close.” Joshua P., Digital Marketing Manager Top Notch 5 Star “I've used many of the common SEO tools out there but I have to say BrightEdge is by far the most user friendly and has all of the features and functionality needed to create successful SEO campaigns and strategies.” Brian C., Omnichannel Marketer A Must-Have Tool for any Enterprise SEO “Data Cube is an essential SEO tool that I cannot live without. It boasts the longest running collection of SEO ranking and domain-level data and thus is without equal in my opinion.” Ron W., Director of Digital Marketing Search insights and AI to power every workflow Say goodbye to point solutions and spreadsheets and leverage one platform to unify your organization’s SEO strategy, workflow, and metrics. SEO Identify real-time trends to outrank the competition and make your website instantly discoverable by search engines and LLMs. Content Leverage AI to accelerate content creation, revision, and optimization, ensuring every page targets the right buyers and drives more high-value traffic. E-commerce The only platform offering Amazon rankings to help you uncover winning search trends and outpace competitors on the world's largest online retailer. Local Be in full control of your local presence by streamlining workflows tied to physical stores and review management on Google. WebDev Full-scale website audits are used to monitor and resolve site errors so your content outperforms the competition on all search engines. SEO Identify real-time trends to outrank the competition and make your website instantly discoverable by search engines and LLMs. Content Leverage AI to accelerate content creation, revision, and optimization, ensuring every page targets the right buyers and drives more high-value traffic. E-commerce The only platform offering Amazon rankings to help you uncover winning search trends and outpace competitors on the world's largest online retailer. Local Be in full control of your local presence by streamlining workflows tied to physical stores and review management on Google. WebDev Full-scale website audits are used to monitor and resolve site errors so your content outperforms the competition on all search engines. Tailored success at every point in your journey Your Strategic Partner From day one, our customer success team, composed of seasoned search experts, helps you realize value by acting as an extension of your team to build and execute a strategy that optimizes ongoing organic results. “Our team has only one person (myself) working on the website and SEO. BrightEdge has been an exceptional partner and feels like an extension of our team—their tools are extremely robust and our company's rep is very knowledgeable and helpful.” Wurth I., Marketing Specialist - Enterprise We help you navigate the future of SEO We help you navigate the future of SEO Research The Ultimate Guide to Google AI Overviews Research The Ultimate Guide to Perplexity SEO GUIDE SEO Keywords Ranking Guide Ready to see BrightEdge in action? Request demo Footer Product Keyword research Competitive analysis Live trends Site audit On-page SEO Content creation Content optimization SEO Copilot Custom reporting Traffic reporting Keyword reporting AI Driven SEO Mobile SEO Local SEO Integrations AI Catalyst Chrome Extension Solutions B2B solutions DataMind Insights Keyword research Mobile Connect content & SEO Win at SEO Succeed with BrightEdge Enterprise SEO Resources SEO guides Case studies White papers & POVs Research reports Customer stories Webinars ROI calculator Videos Checklists SEO glossary Quizzes Blog Weekly AI Insights Company About Us Trust Leadership News Press releases Agency info Contact us Office locations Careers Spark SPARK MAR 26 SPARK SEP 25 SPARK APR 25 SPARK Nov 24 SHARE Nov 23 SHARE May 22 Privacy Policy Legal Anti Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement © 2025 BrightEdge Technologies, Inc. ,