Smart Home System
Products
Professional
Works With
Resources
Support
About us
Careers
Contact us
Legal
Supplier Information
Your Cart
×
CHECKOUT
CONTINUE SHOPPING
LEARN MORE >
BECOME A DEALER

Attract New Customers & Grow Your Business With Brilliant

LEARN MORE >
Shop All

SMART HOME SYSTEM

Smart Home Technologies
No home is complete without a smart home system. Make your home easy to use.
Play/Pause Smart Home Technologies video

SMART HOME SYSTEM

Smart Home Technologies
Easily control your lighting, music, cameras, locks, climate, scenes, and more—all from your wall.

SMART HOME SYSTEM

Smart Home Technologies
Add smart lighting to any room and control your lights via motion detection, voice, scenes or an app.

SMART HOME SYSTEM

Smart Home Technologies
Manage and control your entire smart home experience with a single mobile app from Brilliant.
SYSTEM
CONTROL
SWITCH
APP
"Brilliant is the best thing that's happened to smart home"
“King of the Smart Home”
★★★★
"Brilliant is incredibly easy to use"

See our smart system at work

WATCH VIDEO

INTRODUCING THE

Brilliant Smart Home System
Brilliant is an in-wall lighting and control system that makes it easy for homeowners, families, guests to control lighting, doorbells, locks, cameras, music, climate, intercom, scenes, and more. It’s easy to install, integrates with the top brands in every smart home category, and transforms any house or apartment into an easy-to-use smart home.

SMART HOME CONTROL

Make your house a true smart home
Easily control your lighting, music, cameras, locks, climate, scenes, and more—all from your wall. Includes built-in voice, camera, motion sensor, and intercom plus a free all-in-one mobile app.
LEARN MORE

SMART DIMMER SWITCH

Add smart lighting to any room
Turn regular lights into smart lights and make smart bulbs even smarter with the new Brilliant Smart Dimmer Switch. Automatically turn lights on and off based on motion detection, and do a whole lot more.
LEARN MORE

BRILLIANT PRODUCTS

One system. Total control.
Home Control
Easily control your lighting, music, cameras, locks, climate, scenes, and more
LEARN MORE
Smart Switch
Turn regular lights into smart lights and make smart bulbs even smarter.
LEARN MORE
Smart Plug
Smart Plug lets you voice control your lights, fans, coffee makers, and more.
LEARN MORE
Mobile App
Manage and control your smart home with the Brilliant app
LEARN MORE
FIND THE RIGHT SYSTEM
Brilliant is perfect for every home, no matter the size. Find the right Brilliant System for your home
GET STARTED
All together now
Brilliant unites all your favorite smart home devices together in one simple to use control system, and helps them work better together.
SEE ALL PARTNERS

THE COMPLETE SMART HOME SOLUTION

Turn any home into a smart home
You don’t need to be a smart home expert to use the Brilliant Smart Home System. Now everyone at home—spouses, kids, family, friends and guests—can easily enjoy all the benefits of living in a smart home. That’s the value of having a touchscreen on your wall and smart lighting.
Every Brilliant Control includes built-in Alexa with audio and visual responses, which eliminates the need to add voice assistant clutter to countertops.
Brilliant Smart Dimmer Switches allow you to add affordable smart lighting through an entire home. They support dimming, voice control, motion detection, double tap-scene control, and supports multiway circuits.
Brilliant touchscreen panels make it easy for everyone in the home to control lighting, climate, access, music, home automation scenes, and more.
Set your home’s temperature from Brilliant’s touch screen, mobile app, using voice commands, or by activating a scene.
Brilliant offers convenient in-wall Sonos music control and lets you play your favorite music from Pandora, Spotify, TuneIn, and more.
Arm and disarm your Resideo Total Connect security system from any Brilliant Smart Home Control or the all-in-one Brilliant app.
See who is at the door without having to take out your phone or check in on your security cameras for peace of mind.
Make floor lamps and whatever you plug into your wall smart. The Brilliant Smart Plug adds smart home connectivity and voice control to any outlet in your home.

BUILD WITH BRILLIANT

The new standard for new construction and renovations
Brilliant makes it possible for every new home and apartment to be a smart home. It’s also the only in-wall smart home system that can be easily installed in retrofit renovations.
Home Builders
Smart home systems for single family homes
Read more
Multifamily Developers
Smart home systems for residential apartments
Read more
Integrators & Installers
Smart home systems to grow your business
Read more
Smart Home Technologies

The way we live is being altered by smart home technology. Lighting, music, climate control, and security can all be integrated into a single system with expert smart home device installation. Brilliant offers the best modern living options, whether you're looking to update a condo or a whole house.

Full Home Automation Made Simple

With smart home automation, you have total control. Managing everyday tasks is made simple by today's sophisticated systems. A brief consultation facilitates the design of the ideal configuration, combining new features into a single, user-friendly hub and controller.

Smart Home System Setup

Integration is made easy by selecting an installation-focused company. Brilliant provides cutting-edge technology with long-term value and automated convenience. Discover how smart home switches can change your house. To experience the installation of smart home devices of the future, schedule a consultation.

Upgrade to a Complete Smart Home System Today

Upgrade to a whole home experience or start small with a smart control. Brilliant provides adaptable solutions that integrate multiple devices into a single hub. Everything is accessible through an app or wall-mounted panel. Learn more about smart home control to find the right fit.

THE AWARD-WINNING SMART LIGHTING AND CONTROL
Smart Home System
Home Control
Lighting Control
All-in-One App
Works With
Professional
Integrators & Installers
Single Family Builders
Multifamily
Student Housing
Pro Portal Login
Company
About Us
News
Press Coverage
Press Kit
Supplier Information
Help
Common Questions
Device Help
Control Installation
Plug-in Control Installation
Switch Installation
Returns
Contact Us
Sitemap
Products
Smart Home Controls
Plug-In Smart Home Control
Smart Dimmer Switches
Smart Plugs
Bundles
Closeouts
Accessories
Where to Buy
Buy from Brilliant
Find a Custom Integrator
Find a Distributor
Compliance
Accessibility Statement
Google API Services User Data Policy
Terms of Service
Return Policy
Legal
© 2025 Brilliant NextGen, Inc., San Mateo, CA
BRILLIANT, The Brilliant logo, and ALL TOGETHER NOW are all trademarks or registered trademarks of Brilliant NextGen, Inc.
All other marks are the property of their respective owners. Copyright 2016 - 2025. All rights reserved.