Brisbane Times - Brisbane News, Queensland News & World News Brisbane Times - Brisbane News, Queensland News & World News We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later. Dismiss Skip to sections navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Advertisement Thursday, January 1, 2026 Open Navigation Menu Brisbane Times Queensland Politics Business World Good Food Lifestyle Traveller Sport Brisbane Times close Search Site Sections Network Home Brisbane Queensland Politics Show subsections Federal Queensland NSW Victoria Western Australia Business Show subsections Companies Markets Bulls N' Bears The economy Banking & finance Small business Media Workplace World Show subsections North America Europe Asia Middle East Oceania South America Africa National Show subsections NSW Victoria Western Australia Opinion Property Show subsections News Living Auctions Financing Sport Show subsections NRL Rugby union AFL Cricket Soccer Racing Tennis Netball Basketball Motorsport Cycling Golf NFL Athletics Swimming Boxing Good Food Show subsections Recipes Tips & advice Eating out Drinks Culture Show subsections Movies TV & radio Music Celebrity Books Comedy Dance Musicals Opera Theatre Art & design Live reviews TV guide Lifestyle Show subsections Health & wellness Fashion Life & relationships Beauty Style Horoscopes Traveller Show subsections Destination guides Inspiration Reviews & advice Travel news Good Weekend Sunday Life Money Show subsections Super & retirement Investing Banking Borrowing Saving Tax Planning & budgeting Insurance Education Healthcare Environment Show subsections Conservation Climate change Sustainability Weather Technology Show subsections Video games Home tech Phones Gadgets Drive Campus Explainers Quizzes The Sydney Morning Herald The Age Brisbane Times WAtoday The Australian Financial Review Domain Commercial Real Estate Drive Sin Bin newsletter with Joey and Chammas Michael Chammas and Andrew Johns dissect the week in NRL The Morning Edition podcast Expert daily insight into the biggest stories, with Samantha Selinger-Morris. Interactive: Search for uni courses Search for uni courses with Campus, your essential education guide. Brisbane Weather forecast Queensland government How the Goss government tried to win back voters in its dying days Newly released cabinet documents from 1995 detail the efforts of the then Queensland Labor government to recover from a knife-edge, and temporary, election win. Just now Cabinet paper release The $42m plan that nearly killed Roma Street Parkland A secret 1995 plan would have traded Brisbane CBD’s “lungs” for luxury units, but a feared political backlash saved Roma Street Parkland. Just now Crime Queensland’s public sex offender register is live. Here’s what it’s like to access it The database, known as Daniel’s Law after slain schoolboy Daniel Morcombe, has photos of convicted paedophiles who are subject to reporting conditions. Weather Fireworks and lightning: Stormy start to new year Parts of the city copped a drenching as the end-of-year celebrations got under way. Updated Brisbane revellers brave the rain amid boosted police presence for NYE Cabinet paper release Cabinet papers reveal Howard warned of disaster risk before rejecting Kyoto Protocol Speaking at the release of the 2005 cabinet papers, former minister Philip Ruddock said the government had extensive scientific research about the consequences of unchecked emissions. 1 hour ago Social media US Congress threatens eSafety commissioner with contempt charges Online safety tsar Julie Inman Grant has been accused of harassing American companies over Australia’s under-16 social media ban. ALP Subsidies, sweeteners and price hikes: What changes on Jan 1 Long-promised changes in force in the new year include protections for cash, passport price hikes, and the arrival of Australia’s first Centre for Disease Control. Streaming Staying home on NYE? Here are the best new movies to stream Some of these titles are well known, some are not. All are worth your consideration (even the laughably bad one). Opinion AI A billion chatbot users can’t be wrong … or can they? Let’s ask a human It’s a job description for the 21st century: human-AI relationship coach. But this job is all about the humans. Parmy Olson Review The story of how ancient alchemy led to the birth of modern science Philip Ball’s new book traces the origins of alchemy, once seen as akin to witchcraft. Mental health Feel the urge to run away from it all in mid life? You’re not alone Starting the new year with the desire to escape your old life is not particularly unusual, especially among overwhelmed and overstretched Gen X. How to deal with those feelings is the real challenge. Formula 1 Hard-luck stories of 2025 highlight the fine line between pleasure and pain Not everyone gets to collect a trophy or a gold medal. Australian Open De Minaur lauds young gun’s ‘unbelievable rise’ ahead of Australian Open Australia’s Alex de Minaur and Maya Joint will have the chance to play as a team at the United Cup before heading to Melbourne for the first grand slam of the year. Opinion Test cricket The social media whipping boy, cult hero and unlikely captain in our Test team of 2025 Only three players – Travis Head, Joe Root and Ravindra Jadeja – retained their places from last year, while seven have been named in this team for the first time. Andrew Wu Sports Writer Editor's Picks City life The feel-good stories of 2025: Heartwarming Brisbane stories we loved Sydney to Hobart French crew stripped of Sydney to Hobart victory Food A beloved banh mi spot closes, leaving a suburban bowls club fighting for survival Advertisement Just in Just now The $42m plan that nearly killed Roma Street Parkland Just now How the Goss government tried to win back voters in its dying days 1 hour ago Superquiz, Thursday, January 1 Fireworks and lightning: Stormy start to new year From our partners Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Advertisement Queensland Updated Crime Police press charges after dramatic Clem7, rooftop arrests One suspect was apprehended inside the entrance of the tunnel and another was coaxed down from a rooftop in inner Brisbane. Queensland government Queensland to unwind ‘knee-jerk’ action on decades-old inquiry call Under Labor, the state was the last to decriminalise public drunkenness. The LNP will change course. Queensland Police ‘That’s heavy’: Woolies bag laden with $20 bundles seized in Valley drug probe Police arrested 16 men after a six-month investigation into alleged drug dealing in Brisbane’s party precinct. Development Historical butcher shop could become high-end boutique James Street’s old corner butcher shop could be transformed into a boutique retail and office hub. See the plans to restore and reactivate the landmark 1901 corner. Traffic Cyclist dies after hitting parked car Police are looking for witnesses to the unusual fatality along an Ashgrove road. From our partners domain The ultimate guide to moving home Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content domain The ultimate guide to renting drive This SUV comes with Holden engineer-tuned suspension and it shows Politics ALP Subsidies, sweeteners and price hikes: What changes on Jan 1 Long-promised changes in force in the new year include protections for cash, passport price hikes, and the arrival of Australia’s first Centre for Disease Control. Bondi shooting Ex-Labor minister slams omission of word ‘antisemitism’ from Bondi review Bondi shooting ‘Line by line’: AFP’s ‘flying squad of hate disruptors’ combing sermons for incitement Tax deductions Nothing sweet about the tax system as costs soar by $50 billion Business World markets ‘You had to be brave’: Wall Street remembers a wild 2025 It was a crash course in handling volatility: Here is how investors and strategists navigated the most pivotal market moments of the year. World markets Lacklustre ASX ends the year below global markets Sharemarket Gold miners send ASX lower; energy stocks gain Gold ‘When all else fails, gold doesn’t’: Younger investors drive precious metal mania World Iran ‘Death to the dictator’: Biggest protests in years erupt across Iran Footage of a lone protester staring down security forces in Tehran has gone viral as protests spread rapidly across the country, fuelled by a rare alliance between two groups. Denmark Last post: Denmark calls time on ‘vintage’ letter service Peru One dead, tourists among injured in head-on train crash near Machu Picchu Crime The reality TV winner, her secret lover – and deadly gift that arrived by courier Advertisement Opinion Trump has just sacked 30 ambassadors. The consequences for Australia are profound Cory Alpert Former White House staffer I’m an SPF50+ redhead. Walk a mile in my shoes, but never in daylight Perry Duffin Crime Reporter After every economic norm is blithely tossed aside, what’s the future? Clive Crook Why our US alliance is under threat in 2026 – from Trump Bruce Wolpe Senior fellow at the US Studies Centre and former political staffer Explore Explainers Good Weekend Quiz Newsletters TV Guide Advertisement Property Domain Queensland residential property The year Brisbane’s property market leapfrogged Melbourne But as the Queensland capital sheds its “big country town” tag, the question looms large: is relief in sight for cash-strapped buyers? Luxury property The five dreamiest beach houses for sale around the world right now In search of a beach getaway? Here’s where to look if you’ve got $127 million to spend – or where to window-shop. Property prices The idyllic coastal towns where home sellers are making the most money Exclusive Title Deeds Mining boss, 27, lists $12 million Byron Bay hinterland estate Residential property Twelve celebrities who bought and sold property in 2025 Good Food Recipe collection Best of The slice is right: Good Food’s top 50 recipes of 2025, revealed Cookbook extracts A brown butter potato salad recipe that will convert the sceptics Cookbook extracts This creamy dip is too good to share with your guests Recipe collection Party season Katrina Meynink’s all-time greatest party snack recipes (and hacks) Lifestyle Friendship Love a chat with your barista? You could be feeding your social biome Many of us feel lonelier than ever. The small real-world interactions we take for granted could have more value than we realise. Prostate cancer Four myths discouraging men from seeking prostate cancer screening Sam Kerr Sam Kerr is getting married today. Here’s everything we know about the wedding Health A doctor’s guide to 10 science-backed tips to get healthier Family Do you have a favourite child? Before you say no, ask yourself these questions Culture Pop music Australian performer dumped from K-pop girl group The development follows a turbulent few months for the group, following an unsuccessful legal battle to get out of their contract. Beyonce Beyoncé officially becomes a billionaire Review Ricky Gervais created two of TV’s greatest comedies. But his standup is slipping Streaming This actor was cast as Australia’s most notorious bank robber. Then he got a call from prison Film & TV production The actors and directors we are most excited about for 2026 Traveller Gold Coast The Gold Coast’s best hotels and resorts for different budgets Travel tips Where to go in 2026, according to the experts Collection Hotel reviews From Paris to Tassie, here are the top-rated hotels of 2025 Air travel Airlines investigate why passengers put lives at risk for their bags Drive drive When do double demerits start? Best new-car deals in December 2025 Honda commits to petrol engines for decades to come From Our Partners Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content stan Starring Sean Bean and Jack Patten, stream Robin Hood now, only on Stan. stan Bump: A Christmas Film is streaming now, only on Stan. Advertisement Sport NRL Rugby Union AFL Cricket Soccer Racing Opinion Test cricket The social media whipping boy, cult hero and unlikely captain in our Test team of 2025 Only three players – Travis Head, Joe Root and Ravindra Jadeja – retained their places from last year, while seven have been named in this team for the first time, including a spinner many will not have heard of. Andrew Wu Sports Writer Sydney to Hobart French crew stripped of Sydney to Hobart victory as new overall winner named Skipper Jiang Lin has become the first woman to collect the famous Tattersall Cup for the Sydney to Hobart overall winner. The Ashes ‘Decide your destiny’: Why Vaughan is urging Khawaja to bow out in Sydney The Ashes-winning captain has weighed into the debate over Usman Khawaja’s future. The Ashes ‘I’m not a fan’: Hayden blasts Australian batting coach after MCG carnage Former Test opener Matthew Hayden has taken aim at Australian batting coach Michael Di Venuto. Exclusive Gymnastics Gymnastics Australia slammed for ‘sloppy’ bullying probe of Olympic coach The National Sports Tribunal has cleared the coach of seven allegations of bullying made on behalf of a then-17-year-old. Updated Boxing Day Test Controversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC The MCG’s seam-friendly Boxing Day Test pitch has been assessed as “unsatisfactory” by the International Cricket Council, breaking the venue’s streak of top ratings. West Coast Eagles West Coast investigating after player allegedly involved in street fight An altercation between three men, including a shirtless Tyler Brockman, was filmed on a mobile phone, with one of the men suffering a broken jaw in the fight. Have Your Say How two-day Tests may dent next broadcast deal Games that wrap up long before they are scheduled to have a significant financial impact on stakeholders such as Channel Seven and the Big Bash League. More in Sport Cricket ‘This one’s going to sting’: The blunt phone call from cricket boss to the MCC amid Boxing Day disaster Cricket Australia coach provides telling Khawaja update ahead of SCG Test Cricket Inside the MCG net session to reprogram Marnus Labuschagne Tennis Clunky, cringeworthy: Kyrgios defeats Sabalenka in Battle of the Sexes Cricket The 30-year quest to find a priceless Ashes treasure Soccer Diogo Jota’s sons honoured by Liverpool fans at Anfield Featured video 0:33 National Aussie cricket legend Martyn hospitalised Advertisement Most Viewed today Loading Brisbane Times Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Our Sites Brisbane Times The Sydney Morning Herald The Age WAtoday The Australian Financial Review nine.com.au Domain Drive Classifieds Tributes Commercial Real Estate Brisbane Times Contact & support Advertise with us Newsletters Accessibility guide Sitemap Photo sales Content licensing Work with us Terms of use Privacy policy Press Council Charter of Editorial Independence AI Editorial Guidelines Products & Services Subscription packages My account Subscriber FAQs Copyright © 2026 Subscribe