Brisbane Times - Brisbane News, Queensland News & World News Brisbane Times - Brisbane News, Queensland News & World News We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later. Dismiss Skip to sections navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Advertisement Wednesday, December 31, 2025 Open Navigation Menu Brisbane Times Queensland Politics Business World Good Food Lifestyle Traveller Sport Brisbane Times close Search Site Sections Network Home Brisbane Queensland Politics Show subsections Federal Queensland NSW Victoria Western Australia Business Show subsections Companies Markets Bulls N' Bears The economy Banking & finance Small business Media Workplace World Show subsections North America Europe Asia Middle East Oceania South America Africa National Show subsections NSW Victoria Western Australia Opinion Property Show subsections News Living Auctions Financing Sport Show subsections NRL Rugby union AFL Cricket Soccer Racing Tennis Netball Basketball Motorsport Cycling Golf NFL Athletics Swimming Boxing Good Food Show subsections Recipes Tips & advice Eating out Drinks Culture Show subsections Movies TV & radio Music Celebrity Books Comedy Dance Musicals Opera Theatre Art & design Live reviews TV guide Lifestyle Show subsections Health & wellness Fashion Life & relationships Beauty Style Horoscopes Traveller Show subsections Destination guides Inspiration Reviews & advice Travel news Good Weekend Sunday Life Money Show subsections Super & retirement Investing Banking Borrowing Saving Tax Planning & budgeting Insurance Education Healthcare Environment Show subsections Conservation Climate change Sustainability Weather Technology Show subsections Video games Home tech Phones Gadgets Drive Campus Explainers Quizzes The Sydney Morning Herald The Age Brisbane Times WAtoday The Australian Financial Review Domain Commercial Real Estate Drive Examine Science explained and analysed with a rigorous focus on the evidence. The Morning Edition podcast Expert daily insight into the biggest stories, with Samantha Selinger-Morris. Campus student hub The essential guide to courses, careers and student life. Brisbane Weather forecast Crime ‘The clock’s ticking, and it’ll go live’:  Qld sex crim database to launch today Police Minister Dan Purdie confirmed all three tiers of the register were ready to be published online. 49 minutes ago Queensland government Queensland to unwind ‘knee-jerk’ action on decades-old inquiry call Under Labor, the state was the last to decriminalise public drunkenness. The LNP will change course. Australian cricket Cricket great Damien Martyn in induced coma in Queensland hospital There are hopes the 54-year-old can be brought out of his coma in coming days, but his condition is being monitored closely. 4 minutes ago Crime Man taken into custody in Clem7 as another surrenders from rooftop No charges had been laid by Wednesday morning as one man remained in hospital and the other in custody. ALP Subsidies, sweeteners and price hikes: What changes on Jan 1 Long-promised changes in force in the new year include protections for cash, passport price hikes, and the arrival of Australia’s first Centre for Disease Control. Exclusive Resolve Political Monitor Pauline Hanson, Barnaby Joyce zoom up the politicians’ likeability ladder After years being among the least-liked MPs in the federal parliament, Pauline Hanson enters 2026 in an unusual position – liked by voters. 2 hours ago City life The feel-good stories of 2025: Heartwarming Brisbane stories we shared this year As we prepare to farewell the year that was, here is a look back at the moments that made us smile, laugh and cheer. Extreme weather Man found dead in submerged vehicle as floods pummel Far North Queensland The body of a man in his 70s was found inside a vehicle in floodwater at Normanton. Exclusive Bondi shooting Top barrister says a royal commission into antisemitism is risky Robert Richter, KC, refused to sign the letter from senior members of the Australian Bar calling for a royal commission into antisemitism. He says it would be premature and dangerous. Opinion Trump diplomacy Trump has just sacked 30 ambassadors. The consequences for Australia are profound In the past year, we have seen a wholesale change in how American power works, and these ambassadorial changes are an emblem of the president’s foreign policy. Cory Alpert Former White House staffer Cancer JFK’s granddaughter dies after rare cancer diagnosis Environmental journalist Tatiana Schlossberg died after revealing in November she had a rare form of leukaemia. She was 35. World markets The big global trades of 2025: Bubbles, cockroaches and Trump coins As the year draws to a close, here are some of this year’s most eye-catching market wagers – the wins, the wipe-outs and the positions that defined the year. Crime The reality TV winner, her secret lover – and the deadly gift that arrived by courier She was a feisty Bogota entrepreneur, full of ambition, when she first appeared on TV. Now two teenage girls are dead – and she’s the chief suspect. Travel tips Where to go in 2026, according to the experts Travel industry experts spill the secrets on the hottest destinations, must-do adventures, personal wish-lists and biggest trends shaping travel in 2026. Vietnam Supposedly built on an abandoned uni, this resort is too good to be true I thought I was checking in to a five-star Asian resort, and somehow I’ve stepped into another world. The Ashes ‘You decide your destiny’: Why Michael Vaughan is urging Khawaja to bow out in Sydney Ashes-winning captain has weighed into the debate over Usman Khawaja’s future, and warned England they need to win well at the SCG to prove Bazball still has a pulse. ★★★★ Review Goolagong is a smashing biopic, with a backhanded serve of fury The three-part biopic of the Australian tennis champion is a fitting tribute, if a little shy on the sporting action. Film & TV production The actors and directors we are most excited about for 2026 From unfamiliar names to well-known actors taking a turn in the director’s seat, here are a few people (including a couple of Australians) who could really wow us over the coming year. Editor's Picks Food A beloved banh mi spot closes, leaving a suburban bowls club fighting for survival City life How Brisbane hopes to avoid NYE public transport meltdown Biosecurity Kylie’s yard is usually full of magpies. Now they’re dying, and she wants answers Advertisement Just in 4 minutes ago Gilchrist provides update on Damien Martyn after cricket great placed in induced coma 11 minutes ago Love a chat with your barista? You could be feeding your social biome 49 minutes ago Queensland’s public sex offender register to launch on New Year’s Eve 1 hour ago Sixty books everyone will be talking about in the first half of 2026 From our partners Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Advertisement Queensland Queensland Police ‘That’s heavy’: Woolies bag laden with $20 bundles seized in Valley drug probe Police arrested 16 men after a six-month investigation into alleged drug dealing in Brisbane’s party precinct. Development Historical butcher shop could become high-end boutique James Street’s old corner butcher shop could be transformed into a boutique retail and office hub. See the plans to restore and reactivate the landmark 1901 corner. Traffic Cyclist dies after hitting parked car Police are looking for witnesses to the unusual fatality along an Ashgrove road. City life How Brisbane hopes to avoid NYE public transport meltdown With thousands stranded in inner-Brisbane after Riverfire this year, organisers for the New Year’s Eve fireworks event are adamant there will be no repeat. Crime Thousands of fines dished out in e-scooter crackdown Almost 100 e-scooters were also seized during the operation, which followed 14 e-mobility deaths in Queensland this year. From our partners domain The ultimate guide to moving home Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content domain The ultimate guide to renting drive This SUV comes with Holden engineer-tuned suspension and it shows Politics Bondi shooting ‘Line by line’: AFP’s ‘flying squad of hate disruptors’ combing sermons for incitement Bondi shooters Naveed and Sajid Akram were not part of a broader terrorist cell, Australian Federal Police Commissioner Krissy Barrett has said. Tax deductions Nothing sweet about the tax system as costs soar by $50 billion Bondi shooting PM rejects royal commission call amid pressure from Bondi victim’s families Bills Millions of people should be saving hundreds of dollars on power bills Business Gold ‘When all else fails, gold doesn’t’: Younger investors drive precious metal mania Chasing safer investments and better returns, Gen Z and Millennials are among investors flocking to gold and increasingly silver. Sharemarket Gold miners send ASX lower; energy stocks gain Business investment As Warren Buffett retires, uncertainty looms for Berkshire Hathaway Investing Trump investors are among Wall Street’s biggest losers World Analysis Russia-Ukraine war Six words from Trump had Zelensky – and the world – wincing The question is whether this Trumpian blind spot will doom the peace process. Michael Koziol Updated China relations ‘Nothing worries me’: Trump waves off China’s biggest war games near Taiwan Papua New Guinea Cruise ship grounds off PNG, passengers to fly home Emergency services Mum, teens save bushwalker’s life with human heat circle Advertisement Opinion Why our US alliance is under threat in 2026 – from Trump Bruce Wolpe Senior fellow at the US Studies Centre and former political staffer Let them eat cake: We have a fix for obesity, but only the wealthy can afford it Vinay Rane Obstetrician and gynaecologist 2025, a year best to forget? We never will George Brandis Former high commissioner to the UK and federal attorney-general There are three kinds of antisemitism – each needs to be dealt with differently Kylie Moore-Gilbert Political scientist and writer Explore Explainers Good Weekend Quiz Newsletters TV Guide Advertisement Property Domain Queensland residential property The year Brisbane’s property market leapfrogged Melbourne But as the Queensland capital sheds its “big country town” tag, the question looms large: is relief in sight for cash-strapped buyers? Luxury property The five dreamiest beach houses for sale around the world right now In search of a beach getaway? Here’s where to look if you’ve got $127 million to spend – or where to window-shop. Property prices The idyllic coastal towns where home sellers are making the most money Exclusive Title Deeds Mining boss, 27, lists $12 million Byron Bay hinterland estate Residential property Twelve celebrities who bought and sold property in 2025 Good Food Cookbook extracts Hosting New Year’s Eve? This dip is too good to share with your guests Recipe collection Party season Katrina Meynink’s all-time greatest party snack recipes (and hacks) Recipe collection Best of The slice is right: Good Food’s top 50 recipes of 2025, revealed Cookbook extracts A brown butter potato salad recipe that will convert the sceptics Lifestyle Family Do you have a favourite child? Before you say no, ask yourself these questions Most parents won’t admit it, often not even to themselves, but research shows having a favourite child is common in families. And it’s not for the reasons you might think. Sex & relationships Want a better relationship? Here are 15 expert tips you can use now Margot Robbie Princess Anne and Margot Robbie are best and barely dressed for 2025 Trends What’s the one big standout in the health trends for 2026? We asked the experts Jewellery How this precious stone disrupted the engagement ring market Culture Streaming This actor was cast as Australia’s most notorious bank robber. Then he got a call from prison He was famed for his armed robberies and prison escapes, but there was more to the Postcard Bandit than meets the eye. Review Almost Famous director’s memoir full of anecdotes from rock’s golden age Streaming What to stream this week: Brooke Satchwell’s heartfelt donor drama, plus five more picks Vale The name of Brigitte Bardot will live on, for reasons right and wrong Pop culture From TayTay’s wedding to skinny jeans, here are 9 pop-culture predictions for 2026 Traveller Travel tips Where to go in 2026, according to the experts Collection Hotel reviews From Paris to Tassie, here are the top-rated hotels of 2025 Air travel Airlines investigate why passengers put lives at risk for their bags Africa South Africa’s ‘French corner’ is the ultimate gourmet escape Drive drive When do double demerits start? Best new-car deals in December 2025 Honda commits to petrol engines for decades to come From Our Partners Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content Loading 3rd party ad content stan Starring Sean Bean and Jack Patten, stream Robin Hood now, only on Stan. stan Bump: A Christmas Film is streaming now, only on Stan. Advertisement Sport NRL Rugby Union AFL Cricket Soccer Racing The Ashes ‘I’m not a fan’: Hayden blasts Australian batting coach after MCG carnage Former Test opener Matthew Hayden has taken aim at Australian batting coach Michael Di Venuto and the home side’s top order following a 97-year first in Melbourne. Opinion The Ashes ‘Get over yourselves’: Why the players are to blame for Boxing Day debacle Few of the players involved in the Boxing Day Test put their body on the line, gesturing, laughing and cursing as they departed as if the surface was unplayable. It was appalling. Greg Chappell Former Australian Test captain Updated Boxing Day Test Controversial MCG pitch given ‘unsatisfactory’ grade by ICC The MCG’s seam-friendly Boxing Day Test pitch has been assessed as “unsatisfactory” by the International Cricket Council, breaking the venue’s streak of top ratings. The Ashes Inside the MCG net session to reprogram Marnus Labuschagne As most of Australia’s squad took off what would have been the fourth day of the Boxing Day Test, the batter was required back on the tools in the MCG nets on Monday. The Ashes Australia coach provides telling Khawaja update ahead of SCG Test Will Usman Khawaja retire in Sydney? Or will he be given a tap on the shoulder in the coming months? Boxing Day Test ‘This one’s going to sting’: The blunt phone call from cricket boss to the MCC amid Boxing Day disaster The inside story of a two-day Test match, the commercial fiasco that followed, and the curator at the centre of it. Test cricket ‘Devalues the future of cricket rights’: How two-day Tests may dent next broadcast deal Games that wrap up long before they are scheduled to have a significant financial impact on stakeholders such as Channel Seven and the Big Bash League. Have Your Say Ashes player ratings: The Australian trio who should be nervous after Bazballers finally deliver England have finally fired an Ashes shot, and a growing host of Aussies are now looking over their shoulders. We rate every player. Dan Walsh More in Sport Cricket The 30-year quest to find a priceless Ashes treasure Soccer Diogo Jota’s sons honoured by Liverpool fans at Anfield Updated Cricket England break through for first victory in Australia in 15 years Analysis Cricket England won a game of cricket at the MCG, but this was no Test match Cricket As it happened: Stokes praises Barmy Army in historic Ashes win Tennis 50 years ago Mark Edmondson – ranked 212 in the world – won the Australian Open. How? Featured video 13:58 National Boxing Day Test: Day 1 recap Advertisement Most Viewed today Loading Brisbane Times Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Our Sites Brisbane Times The Sydney Morning Herald The Age WAtoday The Australian Financial Review nine.com.au Domain Drive Classifieds Tributes Commercial Real Estate Brisbane Times Contact & support Advertise with us Newsletters Accessibility guide Sitemap Photo sales Content licensing Work with us Terms of use Privacy policy Press Council Charter of Editorial Independence AI Editorial Guidelines Products & Services Subscription packages My account Subscriber FAQs Copyright © 2025 Subscribe