Free AI Tools for Teachers and Educators – Brisk Teaching New REFER AND EARN BRISK SWAG. Get Started Tools Brisk’s AI Tools Presentation Maker Lesson Plan Generator Quiz Generator Create Anything Tool See All 30+ AI Tools How you can use Brisk Give Student Feedback Create Instructional Materials Change Lexile Levels Inspect Writing Personalize Student Learning Prep What You Need Next Privacy Center Plans Getting Started with Brisk EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN HI ES ZH PT FR ID RU Ko DE AR IT VI EN HI ES ZH PT FR FEATURED Stay up-to-date with Brisk's new features and programs! See what's new Solutions Solutions Teachers See All Plans Schools & Districts See How Educators Use Brisk Students Privacy Center Plans Getting Started with Brisk EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN HI ES ZH PT FR ID RU Ko DE AR IT VI EN HI ES ZH PT FR FEATURED Brisk Teaching Earns a 93% Common Sense Privacy Rating read now Resources Brisk essentials Getting Started with Brisk Privacy Center Help Center Resources for educators Resources & Printables Library Professional Development Webinars Brisk Blog Brisk community & rewards Join the Community Testimonials Earn Brisk Swag Brisk Success Stories Privacy Center Plans Getting Started with Brisk EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN HI ES ZH PT FR ID RU Ko DE AR IT VI EN HI ES ZH PT FR Login Privacy Center Plans Getting Started with Brisk EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN EN HI ES ZH PT FR ID RU Ko DE AR IT VI EN HI ES ZH PT FR Login BOOK a demo Get Started Book a Demo Install for free Personalize instruction with AI, right in your workflow Brisk is a trusted AI platform that personalizes learning materials, generates feedback, and adapts to student needs — right inside the Google and Microsoft tools you already use. Get Started free Sign up free Schools Learn More Trusted in over 20,000 districts: Emily Boyas Reading Specialist | Lake Zurich, Illinois I discovered Brisk almost two years ago and it had revolutionized my teaching. I grade more quickly now and give better feedback! If I have a random idea... at the last minute, I can usually create an assignment on the fly... Because of Brisk, my principal told me I was "killing it last year." Chrissy M., M.Ed Middle School English Teacher | Akron, Ohio You can tell this is a product made by teachers for teachers. They thought of everything. Anne Stanislawski & Curt Mould Digital Media and Innovation | Sun Prairie, Wisconsin The Brisk Teaching extension empowers our educators, simplifies their workflow, and allows them to provide the kind of personalized, real-time feedback that is critical to our mission. Nicole L. English Teacher | Derry, New Hampshire I didn’t have to learn Brisk, it’s so intuitive. Emily Kirby High School Teacher | Boca Raton, Florida I have tried ChatGPT, Gemini, Claude, etc. Brisk is the only AI that is truly meant for teachers. Every day I learn something new and find better ways to use it. I would be lost without it! Brisk strengthens every part of your school community For Educators Create meaningful lessons, feedback, and activities in minutes Learn more For Schools & Districts Adopt AI strategically to support every teacher and student Learn more For Students Engage each student with differentiated learning experiences Learn more You bring the expertise. We boost it. Start with Brisk's thoughtful drafts. Add your personal touch. All in a safe environment you control. Create where you already work Starting creating resources instantly with AI that works inside the tools you already use, like online textbooks, Google Docs, YouTube, and more. Transform your curriculum with ease Turn trusted curriculum into engaging lessons, quizzes, and activities that match your style and your students' needs. Give every student thoughtful feedback Deliver personalized feedback on every assignment, whether you're reviewing the first essay or the 100th. See what’s working across your class Understand what's clicking with students, and get next steps aligned to your standards and curriculum to help them succeed. LIGHTEN YOUR DAY WITH BRISK GET STARTED FREE SIGN UP FREE Start getting value in minutes Brisk works inside the tools you already use, like online textbooks, Docs, images, PDFs, and more. Since there’s no need to learn a new app, getting started is fast and intuitive . You’ll be surprised how easy it is to use Sign up free and install the Brisk extension for quick support in your browser, or visit Brisk on the web for richer planning experiences. Create content Create presentations, effective quizzes, comprehensive lesson plans, detailed rubrics, interventions, and more with just a few clicks. Give feedback Craft high-quality, personalized feedback in your preferred style directly within your students' Google Docs — in minutes instead of days. Inspect writing See exactly how your students put together their assignments, with a video view of their entire writing process from start to finish. Change levels Convert any online text into a Google Doc that's adjusted for different reading levels, translated into another language, or both. Boost activities Turn any online resource into an interactive learning experience for students. Make lessons come alive to increase student understanding. Brisk on the web Work in a dedicated space with chat support. Use Brisk Next for personalized resource recommendations, create multiple materials at once, batch feedback across assignments, and access your creation history. LIGHTEN YOUR DAY WITH BRISK GET STARTED FREE SIGN UP FREE Privacy comes first Brisk earned a 93% Common Sense Privacy Rating – the highest among AI tools. We're also recognized by leading education and privacy organizations. Visit our privacy center for more details, or request an IT approval packet based on your school’s needs. Real classrooms, real results See how schools and districts launched and scaled Brisk, supported teachers, and improved daily instruction. Ottawa Catholic School Board 53,000 students Discover how Ottawa Catholic School Board scaled safe, student-facing AI to deliver personalized, equitable support to every learner. View full study Barbers Hill ISD 8,000 students Discover how Barbers Hill ISD turned AI skeptics into champions by integrating Brisk directly into teachers’ existing workflows. View full study Hauppauge Public Schools 3,200 students Learn how Hauppauge Public Schools implemented Brisk to build teacher capacity and elevate teaching and learning. View full study Brisk helps with dozens of teaching and admin tasks Brisk Next Plan, assign, and adapt - based on insights from your activities and feedback. Try it Presentation Maker Plan, assign, and adapt - based on insights from your activities and feedback. Try it Quiz Maker Plan, assign, and adapt - based on insights from your activities and feedback. Try it Newsletter Generator Plan, assign, and adapt - based on insights from your activities and feedback. Try it Batch Feedback Plan, assign, and adapt - based on insights from your activities and feedback. Try it Podcast Generator Plan, assign, and adapt - based on insights from your activities and feedback. Try it Observation Notes Plan, assign, and adapt - based on insights from your activities and feedback. Try it Explore all possibilities --> MILLIONS OF EDUCATORS TRUST BRISK GET STARTED FREE SIGN UP FREE Follow us @briskteaching Start creating in minutes Sign up for free. Open your doc. Create resources or give feedback instantly. GET STARTED FREE sign up FREE Want to receive Brisk news? hello@briskteaching.com Company About Plans Integrations What’s New Newsroom Privacy Center FAQs Help Center Status Page Careers Resources and Community PD & Training Resources & Printables Brisk Tutorials Press Kit Community Blog Wall of Love Brisk Rewards Program Prompt Library Teaching AI Literacy AI Features AI Tools for Educators Give Feedback Inspect Writing Change Reading Levels Create Curriculum Brisk Boost for Students Brisk for Microsoft Use Cases Elementary Teachers Google Teachers Special Educators and ELL Teachers English Teachers Math Teachers Schools & Districts See All Use Cases © 2025 BRISK | Brisk Labs Co. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED User Agreement Privacy Notice Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information