All-in-One Real Estate Software for Agents and Teams Log In Features Brivity CRM Brivity CMA Brivity IDX Websites Brivity Lead Gen Brivity Marketer KWKLY Mobile Apps Recruiter.ai Success Stories Plans Solo Agent Small Team Mid-Size Team Large Team Compare Plans Resources Blog Webinars Contact Log In Get a Demo See Brivity in Action Schedule a demo to see how Brivity generates more business and helps your team close more deals. By clicking “Request a Demo” you agree to Brivity’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .  The only CRM that guarantees success in real estate The Brivity Platform is your time-saving, all-in-one real estate CRM and software solution to generate more business, stay top of mind with your database, and close more deals. Get a Demo Request a Demo Connect with a Brivity Product Expert By clicking “Request a Demo” you agree to Brivity’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Q Compare Plans What Brivity customers are saying Christin Kingbury Owner of Christin Kingsbury Group, Arizona I have yet to see another platform that’s all inclusive of all the pieces in this industry – marketing, client communication, market reports, listing alerts, website, CRM, and outstanding support. Matt Fetick Owner of Matt Fetick Team, Pennsylvania Brivity generates a TON of business for my team with lead gen tools and Auto Plans that allow our agents to respond the moment a lead fills out a form on our Brivity website. The return on investment has been incredible. Shonna Ruble Montana “It’s a listing tool. It’s a recruiting tool. It’s a customer service tool. It’s all these things in one. There’s no other platform that allows you to achieve limitless success in all of those areas at once.” Fred Sed Southern, CA The Brivity platform is everything. My entire business runs on it and it makes our lives a lot easier. If we didn’t have it, there’s no way we would have experienced the level of growth we saw over the past few years. Gene Arant Austin, TX “Brivity is a game changer that opens up a whole new world of clarity.” Adam Dow Owner of Dow Realty Group, New Hampshire Brivity has helped me scale my real estate business from 30 transactions to 279 transaction. Nurture and convert like a machine Easy Follow Up Get notified when a lead comes in so you can text, call or email them straight from your CRM and automate your follow up process Targeted Listing Alerts Send listing alerts to buyers about new properties and track their behavior to see who is ready to buy Accurate Market Reports Send market reports to your entire database of leads to let them know when properties in their area go up for sale, pending or off-market Request A Demo Name Email Address Phone Brand Brand Berkshire Hathaway Better Homes & Garden Century 21 Coldwell Banker Compass eXp Realty Independent Keller Williams Re/Max Redfin Sotheby's International Realty Windermere MaxWell Realty CIR Realty Realty Executives International Realty One Group City State/Region Team Size 10 + 5 = Submit Capture and connect with leads from all sources in one platform Get massive amounts of interested buyers and sellers to make action with lead capture tools that provide them with value and you their contact information. Feed leads from all sources into your CRM to auto assign and route for quick follow up. Get a Demo See Brivity in Action Schedule a demo to see how Brivity generates more business and helps your team close more deals. By clicking “Request a Demo” you agree to Brivity’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .  Win listings & close more deals Manage Manage your time, team, listings, and business in one place to leverage your resources and stay organized, productive and effective Market Market your listings and yourself on all social platforms and use the reporting dashboards to see what has the best ROI Communicate Wow clients by communicating everything you do in a transaction for listings and pendings Recently launched websites Created with the Brivity custom IDX website builder Gary Mercer Team West Chester, PA View Site City Up Group Dallas, TX View Site The Collective St. Louis, MO View Site Liv N Serve Real Estate Kirkland, WA View Site The Rocco Group Jacksonville, FL View Site Darin Marques Group Las Vegas, NV View Site Templeton Real Estate Group South Burlington, VT View Site Fiorella Avenue Realty Slidell, LA View Site The Dow Group Wolfeboro, NH View Site James Danley & Associates Birmingham, MI View Site Nickle Long Beach, CA View Site Jeff Yarbrough Beverly Hills, CA View Site Join thousands of top agents and teams using Brivity to succeed in real estate See Brivity in action! Get a Demo See Brivity in Action Schedule a demo to see how Brivity generates more business and helps your team close more deals. By clicking “Request a Demo” you agree to Brivity’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .  Connect (866) 295-3322 sales@brivity.com Facebook X Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Features Brivity CRM Brivity CMA Brivity IDX Websites Brivity Lead Gen Brivity Marketer KWKLY Mobile Apps Recruiter.ai Company About Careers Resources Contact Frequently Asked Questions Copyright © 2025 Brivity. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. . Cookie Settings Accept Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT