Bromcom | Cloud Based School MIS Provider New blog Useful links and essential info for new Bromcom users Find out how to log in to your new MIS, and how to access guidance and support when you need it. Read our latest blog Login Bromcom MIS MyChildAtSchool MAT Vision Student Portal Support Products Primary Secondary Multi Academy Trusts Local Authorities Other: All-through Schools SEND Schools Primary School MIS Our Primary school MIS puts pupils, staff and data at the heart of everything you do. Integrated Finance Integrated Finance Virtual School A cloud based solution allowing multiple schools to form partnerships and share the services they offer. Secondary School MIS Bromcom MIS revolutionises secondary school management for educators, students, and parent. Integrated Finance Our school Finance software is a robust, cloud-based accounting system that is fully integrated with Bromcom MIS Virtual School A cloud based solution allowing multiple schools to form partnerships and share the services they offer. MAT MIS Bromcom MIS helps Primary and Secondary MATs to drive improvement Vision Consolidate your data across all schools in one easy to use platform. MAT Finance A robust, cloud-based accounting system that is fully integrated with Bromcom MIS MAT Enterprise Solution Get all the features you need for your MAT in one bundle. Cloud MIS Bromcom MIS helps maintained schools to drive improvement, by offering comprehensive functionality Local Authority Partnerships We work with Local Authorities in aggregate procurement to help them get the best deal for their Schools. Vision Vision acts as a central data hub for LAs, providing an online portal for analysing and collating data from multiple schools Maintained Finance A robust, cloud-based accounting system that is fully integrated with Bromcom MIS Case Study Wyton on the Hill Community Primary School Jason Tuxworth, School Business Manager, sat down ... 27th September Read More Case Study Reading School We spoke to Gareth Sellwood, Network Manager at Re... 26th August Read More Case Study New Series: Corinium Education Trust Corinium decided to move away from their legacy on... 4th October Read More Case Study Coventry City Council: Embracing Change With Bromc... Bromcom are known for innovation & ground-breaking... 19th October Read More Pricing Services Bromcom AI Centre of Excellence Training and Support Northern Ireland Wales Resources Resource Hub TCO Calculator Buy Back Procurement Frameworks All Resources Brochures Blogs Case Studies News Articles On Demand Whitepapers Videos Our 30 second savings calculator The TCO Calculator can help schools budget and plan for the implementation of Bromcom MIS more effectively Buy Back: There's no need to wait Our Buy Back option allows you to switch to Bromcom without having to pay for your old system How to buy through a framework An alternative route to procuring your new school MIS and Finance services. News/PR Wrexham County Borough Council selects Bromcom clo... Wrexham County Borough Council has selected manage... 22nd July Read More Blog Why we created the Bromcom TCO Calculator Each year, Multi Academy Trusts and Local Authorit... 27th June Read More News/PR Breaking news: migrating from SIMS to Bromcom is l... The CMA has announced its decision to proceed with... 15th May Read More Events About Us About Us Partners FAQs Company Milestones Careers Customer Testimonials Accredited Partners A list of all our accredited IT support centres and Local Authorities. API Partners A list of all third-party companies that can seamlessly integrate with the Bromcom MIS 020 8290 7100 Contact Us Products Primary Products Primary Primary School MIS Our Primary school MIS puts pupils, staff and data at the heart of everything you do. Integrated Finance Integrated Finance Virtual School A cloud based solution allowing multiple schools to form partnerships and share the services they offer. Secondary Products Secondary Secondary School MIS Bromcom MIS revolutionises secondary school management for educators, students, and parent. Integrated Finance Our school Finance software is a robust, cloud-based accounting system that is fully integrated with Bromcom MIS Virtual School A cloud based solution allowing multiple schools to form partnerships and share the services they offer. Multi Academy Trusts Products Multi Academy Trusts MAT MIS Bromcom MIS helps Primary and Secondary MATs to drive improvement Vision Consolidate your data across all schools in one easy to use platform. MAT Finance A robust, cloud-based accounting system that is fully integrated with Bromcom MIS MAT Enterprise Solution Get all the features you need for your MAT in one bundle. Local Authorities Products Local Authorities Cloud MIS Bromcom MIS helps maintained schools to drive improvement, by offering comprehensive functionality Local Authority Partnerships We work with Local Authorities in aggregate procurement to help them get the best deal for their Schools. Vision Vision acts as a central data hub for LAs, providing an online portal for analysing and collating data from multiple schools Maintained Finance A robust, cloud-based accounting system that is fully integrated with Bromcom MIS Other: All-through Schools Products All-through Schools SEND Schools Products SEND Schools Pricing Services Bromcom AI Services Bromcom AI Centre of Excellence Services Centre of Excellence Training and Support Services Training and Support Northern Ireland Services Northern Ireland Wales Services Wales Resources Resource Hub Resources Resource Hub All Resources Brochures Blogs Case Studies News Articles On Demand Whitepapers Videos TCO Calculator Resources TCO Calculator Our 30 second savings calculator The TCO Calculator can help schools budget and plan for the implementation of Bromcom MIS more effectively Buy Back Resources Buy Back Buy Back: There's no need to wait Our Buy Back option allows you to switch to Bromcom without having to pay for your old system Procurement Frameworks Resources Procurement Frameworks How to buy through a framework An alternative route to procuring your new school MIS and Finance services. Events About Us About Us About Us About Us Company Milestones Careers Customer Testimonials Partners About Us Partners Accredited Partners A list of all our accredited IT support centres and Local Authorities. API Partners A list of all third-party companies that can seamlessly integrate with the Bromcom MIS FAQs About Us FAQs Login Contact Us Search Search Let’s Improve Education Together. Whether you are a school, trust, or local authority, our Management Information System supports each step of your students’ educational journey. Used by millions across the Bromcom Community . Hundreds of schools move over to Bromcom every year so why not see what all the fuss is about. 3.3m Users 1.2m+ Students 5.6K+ Schools 390+ MATs An MIS built for success . Your Management Information System (MIS) is the backbone of your school's success – and we believe you deserve the very best. That means a cloud-based system that informs decision making and aids collaboration. One that includes all the functionality you need, without costly bolt-ons. And above all, one that helps you deliver better education outcomes for students. Designed with you in mind . Our ground-breaking products have been developed in collaboration with a diverse range of schools, Multi-Academy Trusts (MATs), and Local Authorities. As a family-owned company, we value the importance of building strong partnerships. And with 40 years’ experience in education, we know that every institution is unique, with individual requirements. Everything under one roof . With Bromcom, you’ll get a built in Finance solution, unrivalled dashboards and Power BI integration, and our renowned ‘My Child at School’ app to manage trips, clubs and wraparound care. You’ll even have access your own AI ‘personal assistant’. And that’s just scratching the surface. Book a demonstration to find out more and see why the future is brighter with Bromcom! Education for Educators . News/PR Wrexham County Borough Council selects Bromcom clo... Wrexham County Borough Council has selected management information system (MIS) ... 22nd July Read More Whitepaper Solving the post-pandemic school attendance crisis Research was conducted among 498 schools between 26th and 30th April 2024 by... 10th June Download Blog The DfE’s new MIS Open Framework: Why interopera... The Department for Education’s newly announced plans for an Open Framework for... 26th November Read More Browse our products . Primary MIS Primary... Primary MIS Secondary MIS Seconda... Secondary MIS MAT Enterprise MAT Ent... MAT Enterprise Finance Finance Finance Vision Vision Vision Trusted by thousands of teachers and parents . Our cloud-based platform is accessible from anywhere, allowing teachers, parents and business managers to support pupils from any device. Our My Child At School (MCAS) App is free on the Apple and Google app stores 4.3/5 - Google Play Schedule a Call Bromcom’s all-in-one integration has really streamlined our operations, with parents’ evenings, communications and data all in one place. The modern, intuitive interface and powerful dashboards support data-driven decisions, reliability is now 98–99%, and support has been excellent. Overall I’d rate Bromcom 10/10. " Suleman Kandawala Crown Hills Community College After seeing a demonstration of the MIS and Finance system, choosing Bromcom was a done deal for us. The intuitive software and ability to have our support through Scomis were critical to our decision, and I’m looking forward to getting started with our new systems. " Denise Higgins Brook Green Centre for Learning Out of all the MIS providers, Bromcom was recommended the most widely. We particularly like that it’s an integrated system and that we can start to get rid of some of our third-party apps, and we feel that Bromcom Finance is one of the most trustworthy finance systems on the market." Beverley Alcock Eastover Primary School The time-saving capabilities of Bromcom MIS have been game changing. Take its flexibility in designing assessment mark sheets: this functionality has significantly reduced manual input, easing a huge workload. We’ve also noticed considerable improvements in reporting efficiency. By converting reports from ad hoc to quick format, the school has seen enhanced data extraction and mail merge capabilities. These changes have led to more streamlined reporting processes and have received positive feedback from parents. " Martin Brooks Sydenham School Currently we have multiple systems doing different things, but with Bromcom, everything’s in one place, saving us money and saving us time." Anna Winter Exhall Cedars Infant School I’ve heard lots of positive feedback about the systems from Bromcom users, and we’re looking forward to getting started with it. On top of its wide range of capabilities, Bromcom is very good value for money, which was a very important factor in our decision." Janet Mailes Ewyas Harold Primary School We were really impressed with the time savings Bromcom MIS could unlock for us and this was one of the key factors that made us switch. Combined with the cost savings of getting rid of some of our third-party apps, Bromcom will really help streamline how the school operates." Gemma Blanchard Church Lane Primary School The process of switching to Bromcom has been great so far and we’re all really looking forward to going live with our new system. The One-Stop Shop also promises great value for money which is very important right now." Kirsty Bristow The Harvey Grammar School We’re really looking forward to getting started with Bromcom – we’ve heard lots of great things about Bromcom MIS from other users, and are particularly impressed with its advanced capabilities, especially Bromcom AI." Joanna Dignall Legh Vale Primary School I was really impressed with the training Bromcom offered, particularly the recorded webinars and online guides. The transition has been far less painful than we thought, and we’re delighted to finally be using the system." Hannah Campion Thatcham Park CofE Primary School Subscribe Get the latest posts, promotions, and partnerships from Bromcom. Subscribe Thank you for subscribing Thank you for subscribing to the Bromcom newsletter, you will now receive our latest posts,
                promotions
                and partnerships. Products Primary School MIS Secondary School MIS MAT Enterprise Solution Finance Vision-X About Accredited Partners Services Brochures API Partners Careers Useful Links Blogs FAQs Cloud Vs. Local Cloud Self Certification Cookie Policy Privacy Statement Privacy Policy for Chat GPT Terms and Conditions Customer Support Complaints Process Health and Safety Policy Statement Information Security Policy Statement Quality Policy Statement Contact 020 8290 7100 Email hello@bromcom.com Office Rutland House 44 Masons Hill Bromley BR2 9JG Join us on social. © Copyright 2026 Bromcom Computers Plc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms | Disclosure Policy | Cookies