Bruegel Skip to main content Bruegel 20th Anniversary logo Secondary navigation Membership Partnerships Contact About Careers Main navigation Topics Publications Commentary Datasets Podcasts Events Our Researchers Improving economic policy Main navigation Topics Publications Commentary Datasets Podcasts Events Our Researchers Secondary navigation Membership Partnerships Contact About Careers Search: Search Suggested keywords: decarbonisation energy climate change monetary policy Regime 0: Europe-wide incorporation for startups to kickstart innovative growth Read the Policy Brief by Fiona M. Scott Morton and Reinhilde Veugelers Anthology 2025 Wrapped 15 December 2025 Newsletter What turned 2025 into a year of better averages and bigger challenges? Jeromin Zettelmeyer 22 December 2025 growth trade policy ... transatlantic relations innovation Working paper How resilient is Russia’s economy after four years of war? Resilience in Russia’s 2022–25 economy is fading as war spending slows growth, entrenches inflation and amplifies structural fragilities Marek Dabrowski 18 December 2025 fiscal policy geopolitics ... public debt growth Working paper The Western Balkan energy sector: between Russia, the European Union and the green transition This paper analyses energy transitions in the Western Balkans, away from dependence on Russia and towards the EU electricity market Nina Vujanović, 
        Rouven Stubbe and 
        Maria Catarina Louro 19 December 2025 energy decarbonisation ... geopolitics European neighbourhood policy industrial policy Analysis EU securitisation needs a more market-based approach The EU is updating its regulations on securitisation, but it still has a long way to go if it wants to emulate the strengths of the US market Rebecca Christie 17 December 2025 financial regulation european central bank ... banking union capital markets Analysis Europe has a solid basis for battery and electric vehicle manufacturing growth Europe is successfully building up battery and EV manufacturing capacity, though mainly thanks to foreign investment Marie Jugé, 
        Ugnė Keliauskaitė, 
        Ben McWilliams and 
        Simone Tagliapietra 16 December 2025 decarbonisation energy ... investment innovation technology First Glance Europeanised energy infrastructure planning is a good idea if done right A European Commission bid for more central oversight of energy infrastructure planning promises benefits if buy-in of EU countries can be secured Alexander Roth 15 December 2025 energy decarbonisation ... climate change sustainability Analysis The European Union should embrace decentralised finance and make it safe A hybrid system with a digital euro and regulated private money would safeguard the EU from dollar-denominated stablecoin dominance Lucrezia Reichlin 15 December 2025 digital currencies monetary policy ... technology european central bank Podcast Europe’s 2025 identity crisis: the year in review The European Union’s quest for innovation, competitiveness, self defence and economic security Rebecca Christie, 
        Simone Tagliapietra, 
        Reinhilde Veugelers and 
        Jeromin Zettelmeyer 15 December 2025 eu governance European Clean Tech Tracker The European Clean Tech Tracker (ECTT) provides insights into the clean technologies of the future and their status in the European context by bringing together information from several sources. Bruegel European Clean Tech Tracker Bruegel's 20th anniversary In 2025 Bruegel celebrates its 20th Anniversary with a series of events and activities. See what we have planned In case you missed it Blueprint Bigger, better funded and focused on public goods: how to revamp the European Union budget Zsolt Darvas, 
        Roel Dom, 
        Marie-Sophie Lappe, 
        Pascal Saint-Amans and 
        Armin Steinbach 10 July 2025 eu budget Podcast Double tax – why women pay it and what to do about it Fixing gender inequality could reap big gains for the entire economy Rebecca Christie, 
        Marie-Sophie Lappe and 
        Anna Gifty Opoku-Agyeman 05 November 2025 Analysis The solution to Europe’s housing affordability crisis must include building decarbonisation The EU can help tackle Europe’s housing crisis by reducing energy costs, decarbonising buildings and adhering to climate goals Ugnė Keliauskaitė 13 November 2025 energy decarbonisation ... climate change sustainability Event Supranational supervision: unlocking European capital markets What is the future of European capital markets supervision? 05 November 2025 capital markets banking union ... European single market euro area Report Geopolitical shifts and their economic impacts on Europe: Short-term risks, medium-term scenarios and policy choices André Sapir, 
        Jacob Funk Kirkegaard and 
        Jeromin Zettelmeyer 18 September 2025 geopolitics eu governance ... global governance multilateralism security transatlantic relations ZhōngHuá Mundus - Newsletter and Podcast ZhōngHuá Mundus is a monthly newsletter and podcast by Bruegel, bringing you analysis of China in the world, as seen from Europe. SIGN UP NOW Republishing and referencing policy Bruegel publications can be freely republished and quoted according to the Creative Commons licence CC BY-ND 4.0 . Please provide a full reference, clearly stating the relevant author and including a prominent hyperlink to the original post on Bruegel’s website. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the author(s) or Bruegel endorse you or your use. Any reproduction must be unaltered and in the original language. For any alteration (for example, translation), please contact us at [email protected] . Publication of altered content (for example, translated content) is allowed only with Bruegel’s explicit written approval. Bruegel takes no institutional standpoint. All views expressed are the researchers’ own. Bruegel's Weekly Newsletter Subscribe to The Why Axis Main navigation Topics Publications Commentary Datasets Podcasts Events Our Researchers Secondary navigation Membership Partnerships Contact About Careers © BRUEGEL. All rights reserved. Design and development by Soapbox .