High-Value Life Science and Material Research and Diagnostics Solutions | Bruker EN My Bruker Contact Expert Products & Solutions Applications Services & Support News & Events About Careers Please use at least 2 characters (you are currently using 1 character) Languages Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Polski Português Русский 中文 日本語 한국어 Bruker enables High Value Life Science Research and Diagnostics Solutions Spatial Biology and Single-Cell Analysis Unique Biopharma & Applied Solutions ChipCytometry for Immunology and Immuno-oncology Research EXPLORE THE NEW BRUKER STORE More on proteomics research solutions MORE ON CELL BIOLOGY Please use at least 2 characters (you are currently using 1 character) Differentiated High Value Life Science Research and Diagnostics Solutions Bruker Technologies Enable Ground-Breaking Neuro Research First Ever Imaging of Human Neurons Successfully Integrated into Rat Brains Read More Pioneering Excellence in Ultra-High Field NMR Explore the next leap in NMR innovation with our first-of-a-kind 1.3 GHz spectrometer. Read More Explore the new Bruker Store Discover services, consumables, accessories, and software to get the most out of your instrument. To the Bruker Store Explore Our New Products VERTEX NEO Ultra VERTEX NEO Ultra is the top-tier bench-top vacuum FT-IR, offering the highest resolution, the broadest spectral range, the best signal to noise ratio, and full automation. Read More Papilio5D Light-Sheet Microscope Multi-sample and dual-view light-sheet microscope ideal for organoids and 3D cell cultures. Read More Hysitron PI Envision SEM PicoIndenter Compact, upgradable in-situ SEM nanoindentation system with extended value and capabilities for nanomechanical and nanotribological testing. Read More MOVE-T Liquid Dairy Analyzer Compact FT-NIR analyzer  for rapid and reliable analysis of milk, liquid dairy, and plant-based alternatives, with 2-in-1 sample handling for efficient quality control. Read More S8 TIGER Series 3 The versatile tool for advances elemental analysis in industry and research. Read More nVista 2P System Two-photon miniscope that performs neural circuit imaging at higher resolution and greater depths than one-photon techniques during freely-behaving tasks. Read More Newsroom Our Customers You need to accept cookies to play this video. Cookies Settings How Bruker's XRF Technology is Advancing Nutristar's Livestock Feed Analysis You need to accept cookies to play this video. Cookies Settings Ensuring Honey Authenticity with NMR Prakash Kejriwal, Managing Director, Kejriwal Group, India You need to accept cookies to play this video. Cookies Settings Prof. Dr. Carsten Hopf talking about the timsTOF fleX Resources Industry-leading instrumentation Our product range of high-performance scientific instruments and analytical solutions support the global research community, driving scientific advancement and supporting collaborations in academia and industry. Read More Applications With innovative applications we support companies, research institutes and organizations in driving advancements, managing costs, expanding analytical capabilities and significantly increasing productivity. Read More Bruker Advanced Customer Services Throughout the lifetime of the instrument, our services provide our customers with dedicated and personalized support to ensure their instruments maintain maximized uptime and optimized productivity. Read More Please add a Collection ID © Copyright Bruker 2025 Terms of Use Imprint Privacy Notice UKMSA Cookie Notice