Loading …
Lufthansa redirection modal is displayed
Round trip is the current trip type
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
Loading has been completed
With the personal travel additional fare options are available.
Go to current travel information
Go to navigation
Go to main content
Go to flight search
Go to search
Go to footer
Brussels
Login
Navigation
BOOK & PREPARE
MY BOOKING
DISCOVER BRUSSELS AIRLINES
Main content
Flight search
Read about our best tips and get inspiration for your next destination
Go to Page
Flights
Car
Hotel
Type of trip
Round trip
Round trip
Change Booking Class and Traveller. Travel details modal will be opened.
Economy, 1 traveller
Nonstop only
From
To
Search flights
Check-in
Flight status
My bookings
Miles & More
EXPLORE OUR DESTINATIONS
Find your next getaway with our best flight deals
Book now
DISCOVER BUSINESS CLASS
Fly to North America or Africa in complete comfort
Find out more
PARKING MADE EASY

Find the cheapest and most convenient airport parking to save time and money.

Learn more
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
FLY MORE SUSTAINABLY

Earn up to 80% more Points for offsetting your flight-related CO₂ emissions.

Learn more
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
-15% TRAVEL ESIM

Affordable, secure data with easy setup, top-ups, and great networks.

Connect now
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
THE LOFT WINS

For the 7th year in a row, THE LOFT is crowned Europe’s best airline lounge.

Discover THE LOFT
Recommendations
round trip offers are displayed

Visit our offers & destinations page for all flight routes and prices.

All offers & destinations
Visit our offers & destinations page for all flight routes and prices.
We establish strong connections with Africa
Explore our advantages

Footer
ABOUT US
Our company
Lufthansa Group
Corporate services
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external website that may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies.
Jobs
Press room
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
Destinations
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
MOST VISITED PAGES
Check-in
My booking
Miles & More
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external website that may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies.
Group bookings
Arrivals & departures
GET IN TOUCH WITH US
Contact
Subscribe to our newsletter
The link will be opened in a new browser tab
SOCIAL MEDIA
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external website that may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies.
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external website that may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies.
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external website that may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies.
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external website that may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies.
 , Please note that with this link you are visiting an external website that may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility policies.
 Imprint
 
 Data protection
 
 Legal notices
 
 Accessibility statement
 
 Payment methods
 
Change privacy settings
Brussels
Star Alliance
PRIVACY SETTINGS

We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to run the app and the website. Additional cookies are only used with your consent. We use them to access, analyse and store information such as the characteristics of your device as well as certain personal data (IP addresses, navigation usage, geolocation data or unique identifiers). The processing of your data serves various purposes: Analytics cookies allow us to analyse our performance to offer you a better online experience and evaluate the efficiency of our campaigns. Personalisation cookies give you access to a customised experience of our website with usage-based offers and support. Finally, Advertising cookies are placed by third-party companies processing your data to create audiences lists to deliver targeted ads on social media and the internet. You may freely give, refuse or withdraw your consent at any time using the link provided at the bottom of each page. You can consent to our use of cookies by clicking on Agree. For more information on which data is collected and how it is shared with our partners please read our privacy and cookie policy: Privacy Notice | Cookie Notice

My settings
Analytics

Monitor website traffic and optimize your user experience
Evaluate which marketing channels are performing better
Analyse aggregated data about usage of the website to understand our customers. Randomized identifiers shared with partners.

Personalisation

Store your preferences from previous visits
Collect user feedback to improve our website
Evaluate your interests to provide you unique customised content and offers

Advertising

Make online and social advertising more relevant for you
Invite specific customer groups to reconnect with our products later
Sharing the specific customer data with advertising and social media partners to match our customer needs

I do not agree
Agree