Welcome to Bryn Mawr College Skip to main content Main Admissions & Aid Academics Student Experience After Bryn Mawr About the College Full Menu Grad Programs and More Grad Programs and More Bryn Mawr Home Graduate & Postbac Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Graduate School of Social Work and Social Research Postbaccalaureate Premedical Program Inside Bryn Mawr Ancillary News Events Maps and Directions Give to Bryn Mawr Resources for Resources for Prospective Undergraduates Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families Alumnae/i Search Search Section Welcome to Bryn Mawr College Welcome to Your Next Chapter At Bryn Mawr College, your bright future begins now. Learn How to Apply Your Wisdom in Motion Inspired experiences abound. Internships, industry intensives, leadership labs, study abroad, and community involvement put learning into action—and shine light on potential pathways. Discover Learning Opportunities Lighting the Way You’re the first of a kind. And we’re here to ensure you thrive on your personal and intellectual journey, starting with a commitment to affordability. Admissions & Aid Delight in the Pursuit of Truth Mawrters are united by a love of learning—and how you learn is up to you. Combine majors, minors, and concentrations for a combination that aligns with your aspirations. View Majors & Minors Just for you Unique courses & seminars As a Mawrter, you have the opportunity to immerse yourself in learning through hands-on practice and interdisciplinary courses that address real issues to create real solutions. 8:1 Student-faculty ratio Our Coeducational Graduate Programs Arts and Sciences Social Work and Social Research Post-Baccalaureate Premedical Accelerated Master's Programs Inspiration. Inquiry. Impact. Where ideas ignite and actions resonate — explore the stories of Bryn Mawr in research, creativity, teaching, and community. More News Dec 10, 2025 From Campus Woods to Caribbean Coasts, Tom Mozdzer Inspires Field Scientists College News Dec 10, 2025 Physics' Xuemei May Cheng Named a 2025 American Physical Society Fellow College News Dec 9, 2025 Piper Farmer ’26 is Bryn Mawr's First Marshall Scholar Since 1997 College News Elevating Confidence & Connections At Bryn Mawr, you’ll have access to dedicated faculty, compassionate staff, and an alumnae/i network, 25,000 strong. You’ll join clubs and causes that matter to you, participate in storied traditions, and cultivate life-long friendships. Student Life @ Bryn Mawr Why Choose a Women's College? The Details Campus Traditions Clubs & Organizations Alumnae/i Connections 130+ Clubs and organizations to join or lead Push for What's Next At Bryn Mawr College, the pursuit of truth—both personal and intellectual—is not a destination but a continuous journey. On this journey, we welcome all lantern bearers regardless of where or how they start their pursuit. Together, as Mawters, we light the way, making bright the dark and illuminating the path ahead. Where can Bryn Mawr take you? Bryn Mawr students are bold thinkers and intentional doers who are academically driven, civically engaged, and committed to making an impact. Graduates become lifelong changemakers, united by a community that values individuality and respect. Graduate Stories Student Outcomes Data Visit Bryn Mawr College Experience student life, explore our pioneering American Collegiate Gothic architecture, and engage with members of the Bryn Mawr community. Schedule a Visit Request Info Apply Now Where Potential Meets Purpose From the classroom to real-world challenges — these alum stories show how Bryn Mawr’s spark becomes sustained impact. More News Oct 31, 2025 Serving Those Who Serve Alumnae Bulletin Oct 31, 2025 A Home for Public Housing Alumnae Bulletin Oct 30, 2025 Finding Belonging, Leaving a Legacy Alumnae Bulletin Take the Next Step How to Apply Request Information Schedule a Tour Ways to Give Back to top 101 North Merion Ave. Bryn Mawr, PA 19010-2899 (610) 526-5000 Contact Us Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram Tiktok Offices & Services Faculty & Staff Directory Work at Bryn Mawr Libraries & Special Collections Bookshop Athletics Events Calendar Newsroom Plan a Visit Campus Map Make a Gift © 2025 Bryn Mawr College. All rights reserved. Footer Protest and Demonstration Resources Non-Discrimination Statement Consumer Information Report a Website Issue Title IX Web Accessibility Land Acknowledgement