Home - bswift Benefits Admin Platform & HR Solutions | bswift Technology & Services End-to-End Benefits Platform Integrated Engagement Solutions Administrative HR Solutions Service Excellence Meet Emma Solutions By Role Employers Transform benefits with intuitive HR tools and integrations. Channel Partners Grow your revenue with our channel partner program. Alliance & Integration Partners Unify benefits management with seamless integrations. By Goal Streamline Benefits Administration Simplify HR with flexible benefits admin solutions. Boost Operational Efficiency Achieve more with flexible, people-focused benefits solutions. Strengthen Internal Communications Meet your HR goals with an expert communications strategy. Enhance Employee Experiences Delight and guide employees with a personalized benefits experience. Find My Benefits Portal Research & Insights First-col Research & Insights Success Stories Benefits & HR Insights bswift Podcast Events Last-col Featured Item Articles, Infographics Empowering HR to Navigate Open Enrollment 2025 with Confidence See how bswift helped HR and employees navigate open enrollment 2025 with ease, boosting employee engagement along the way. View More About About bswift Security Meet Our Team Join Our Team News & Press Contact Us Contact Sales Partnership Opportunities Find My Benefits Portal Looking for Your Benefits Portal? Partner with Us Search Looking for Your Benefits Portal? Partner with Us close Technology & Services End-to-End Benefits Platform Integrated Engagement Solutions Administrative HR Solutions Service Excellence Meet Emma Solutions By Role Employers Transform benefits with intuitive HR tools and integrations. Channel Partners Grow your revenue with our channel partner program. Alliance & Integration Partners Unify benefits management with seamless integrations. By Goal Streamline Benefits Administration Simplify HR with flexible benefits admin solutions. Boost Operational Efficiency Achieve more with flexible, people-focused benefits solutions. Strengthen Internal Communications Meet your HR goals with an expert communications strategy. Enhance Employee Experiences Delight and guide employees with a personalized benefits experience. Find My Benefits Portal Research & Insights First-col Research & Insights Success Stories Benefits & HR Insights bswift Podcast Events Last-col Featured Item Articles, Infographics Empowering HR to Navigate Open Enrollment 2025 with Confidence See how bswift helped HR and employees navigate open enrollment 2025 with ease, boosting employee engagement along the way. View More About About bswift Security Meet Our Team Join Our Team News & Press Contact Us Contact Sales Partnership Opportunities Find My Benefits Portal Flexible Benefits Administration and HR Solutions Stop struggling with complex benefits administration, low engagement and clunky HR tech. bswift simplifies it all with flexible solutions and expert support, freeing you to focus on what matters—your people. Request a Demo Learn More Smarter Benefits, Less Hassle Your benefits admin solution shouldn’t hold you back. bswift empowers your HR team and employees with an intuitive solution that simplifies benefits. Experience seamless processes, personalized interactions, and higher engagement, all supported by our dedicated team. You deserve easy, effective benefits administration. It’s time for a smarter, more personalized solution. Achieve Better with bswift Enhance Employee Experience Boost Operational Efficiency Streamline Benefits Administration Strengthen Internal Communications Enhance Employee Experience Navigating benefits shouldn’t be difficult – for your employees or the HR teams supporting them. bswift’s comprehensive employee benefits platform creates a simple, straightforward way to learn about, select, and manage benefits for employees and their families. Learn More HR AI: New Study Reveals AI’s Potential for the Employee Experience A recent bswift-commissioned Forrester study reveals that AI isn’t just another fleeting trend in the HR landscape – it’s a catalyst for change. Learn More Flexible and User-Friendly: bswift Benefits Enrollment Solutions Learn how bswift’s benefits administration platform streamlines HR’s work with flexible technology, seamless customization, and user-friendly tools to deliver benefits the way they’re meant to be. Learn More Boost Operational Efficiency Streamlining your teams’ workload is more important than ever. We simplify processes and make it easier for HR teams with human-focused HR solutions. Our flexible benefits administration platform seamlessly integrates with your current environment, saving time, reducing costs and minimizing risk. Learn More AI for HR: 4 Key Trends You Need to Know Now ​​Cut through the hype. From Mindful AI to people analytics, these 4 trends in AI for HR boost employee engagement and attract top talent.​ Learn More Ditch the Stress: How bswift Makes Benefits Administration Easy bswift’s innovative platform takes the hassle out of benefits administration. See how we empower HR with user-friendly tools to help deliver benefits. Learn More Streamline Benefits Administration Take difficult high-touch tasks like retirement administration, HSA, billing, and compliance and let bswift handle them for you. Our innovative technology and benefits expertise streamline administration and enable you to focus on your people. Learn More bswift Delivers a Stellar Annual Enrollment Stress-free annual enrollment starts with bswift. Explore our infographic for HR tech, stellar service, and employee satisfaction at light speed! Learn More Toyoda Gosei Customer Story Hear how bswift’s benefits tech stands out for its robust functionality, flexibility and dependability in managing complex benefits for a diverse workforce. Learn More Strengthen Internal Communications Effective communication is key to engaging employees. The bswift Engagement Agency designs strategies to improve how employees engage with their organizations. Using personalization tools that meet employees where they are, we ensure they are well-informed on the latest at your organization, whether it’s their benefits and annual enrollment, or other internal initiatives. Learn More Solving the Employee Communication Puzzle: Tips for Better Engagement ​​Effective employee communication is crucial for HR. Learn best practices to improve benefits utilization and employee engagement.​ Learn more The Winning AE Trifecta: AI, Employee Comms and Human Connection In this webcast, bswift will explore how HR can optimize annual enrollment (AE). They’ll cover marketing-inspired communication techniques, the role of AI in streamlining HR processes and the importance of the human touch. Learn more All Your Benefits Goals. One Flexible Ben Admin Partner. Build a better benefits experience and earn employees’ trust. Our integrated and easily configurable benefits solution—designed for your needs. Explore Our Solution The bswift Benefits Ecosystem Streamlined HR Administration Innovative administrative HR solutions that leverage advanced technology, efficient processes, and proven expertise to help your organization thrive. Simplify HR Processes Emma: Support Across the Benefits Journey Emma™, powered by bswift’s Mindful AI, delivers human-like support throughout the benefits journey, adapting to your employees' needs from start to finish. Meet Emma Defining Service Excellence People-first benefits need a personal touch. With decades of experience and tech-enabled service, we empower your people, your business, and your community. Discover Service Reimagined Personalized Employee Engagement Boost employee health and wellbeing with our intuitive employee engagement solutions. Personalized processes maximize their benefit utilization. Increase Employee Engagement Meet Emma bswift uses Emma to provide personalized support. Emma is powered by Mindful AI™, which blends human sensitivity with advanced intelligence to ensure every interaction is both empathetic and effective. Emma EnrollPro™ is an intelligent and personalized guide to simplify benefits selection for employees. Emma Chat is like speaking to a top-tier support expert – anywhere and anytime. Emma Agent Assistant analyzes call and chat dialogue in real time, offering tailored guidance based on plan details. Explore Emma’s Capabilities Clients that Trust in bswift “A few words to describe the bswift technology: Flexible, customizable, user-friendly. Their ability to customize solutions for our complex organization really made a difference for us. I’ve truly enjoyed the partnership with them.” -VP of Health and Welfare, Omnicom Group bswift by the Numbers bswift invests in people and technology to create better experiences for all of those we serve. View our Mission 0 million lives covered and experiences enhanced with bswift Customer Service Transformation Award Technology Excellence Award for Best Advance in Benefits Administration 0 % Of clients retained due to our dedication to innovation and service What's New Empowering HR to Navigate Open Enrollment 2025 with Confidence See how bswift helped HR and employees navigate open enrollment 2025 with ease, boosting employee engagement along the way. Learn More Hospital Benefits Administration: Simplify Healthcare Workforce Benefits and Contain Costs Managing HR for a hospital is not your typical 9-to-5 job. Hospital HR professionals operate in a 24/7 environment where the stakes are sometimes quite literally life and death, and your workforce is a dizzying mix of clinicians, administrators and support staff. Learn More Is Your Benefits Software Helping or Hurting? The Truth about HRIS Modules vs. Benefits Platforms ​​HRIS vs benefits platform? There are hidden costs with certain benefits software. Get the guide to choosing the right HR tech partner.​ Learn More Leveraging AI to make every experience simpler, smarter, and more human When we started building what would become Emma Intelligence, our team kept circling one question: How do we make benefits feel less like doing taxes and more like talking to someone who actually gets it? Learn More bswift Beacon Ep. 06: Leading HR and Culture During Open Enrollment with Natalie Atwood Tune in to the latest episode of the bswift Beacon. Joel and Denise are joined by Amit Jain, COO of bswift, to discuss the challenges of annual enrollment and how HR teams can navigate this busy season. Learn More Thriving Through Open Enrollment: Lessons from bswift’s Chief People Officer It’s open enrollment season — HR’s annual enrollment Super Bowl, where strategy meets sheer endurance. Learn More Mindful AI®: Our Philosophy for Responsible AI in Benefits AI is everywhere in HR right now. Every conference, every panel, every software demo — it’s the headline act. And if you’re in charge of benefits, you’re already feeling the squeeze. Learn More bswift Wins 2025 Aetna Workplace Well-being Award ​​See how leading benefits admin company bswift earned the 2025 Aetna Workplace Well-being Award for innovative and comprehensive employee wellness programs.​ Learn More Why Millennials and Gen Z Tune Out and How Personalized Employee Benefits Communication Changes Everything Personalization isn’t a perk to Millennials and Gen Z—it’s the default setting. They expect their benefits to work like all digital experiences: seamless, intuitive, and a step ahead of their needs. Learn More bswift Beacon Episode 05: Climbing the Annual Enrollment Mountain with Amit Jain Tune in to the latest episode of the bswift Beacon. Joel and Denise are joined by Amit Jain, COO of bswift, to discuss the challenges of annual enrollment and how HR teams can navigate this busy season. Learn More Beyond Checkboxes: Annual Enrollment Strategies That Engage and Deliver For HR, annual enrollment isn’t just another task—it’s a high-stakes, strategic opportunity to boost employee engagement, satisfaction and retention. Learn More How to Navigate (and Win) Open Enrollment Season Prepare for enrollment season with our open enrollment checklist! Discover tips, strategies, and a comprehensive checklist to streamline your planning and execution. Learn More Legislative Update: What the One Big Beautiful Bill Act Means for Employers On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) into law. Learn More Benefits Administration Solution Buyer’s Guide for HR Teams ​​Download this HR Buyer’s Guide to benefits administration solutions. Learn how to compare vendors, evaluate features, and build a business case with real ROI.​ Learn More bswift Beacon Episode 04: HR AI and Emma Intelligence in Focus with Vinita Pilani Joel and Denise are back with bswift Beacon, this time joined by bswift’s Senior VP of Product Engineering, Vinita Pilani, to discuss the evolution of HR tech. Learn More Wellbeing, Rewired: Employee Benefits in 2025 Discover four strategies HR leaders can use rebuild clarity, foster connections, create meaningful growth opportunities and boost employee engagement. Learn More bswift Engagement Agency Wins Gold—Three Years Running For the third consecutive year, the bswift Engagement Agency has earned a prestigious Gold Hermes Creative Award—this time for its innovative benefits communication campaign with bswift client Iron Mountain. Learn More How bswift’s Service Center Is Redefining Employee Benefits Support Hear how bswift's Service Center blends HR tech and empathy to transform employee benefits support—driving a 95% satisfaction rate. Learn More bswift Announces a Powerful New Strategic Alliance with Benifex bswift LLC, a leading innovator in employee benefits technology and administration, today announced an exciting new partnership with Benifex®, expanding its alliance partner ecosystem into a global benefits delivery. Learn More Benefits Engagement Strategy: Ulta’s Success Story With 53,000+ employees across stores and distribution centers, Ulta needed a new approach to employee benefits communication—one that could reach a largely non-wired workforce. That’s where bswift’s Engagement Agency stepped in. Learn More Next Gen HR: Recapping Ben Admin’s Bright Future at bswift’s Idea Exchange 2025 Relive the Idea Exchange 2025 highlights! Discover insights, standout sessions, and a recap of what made IX so incrediblen for HR pros this year. Learn More bswift Beacon Episode 03: LIVE from Idea Exchange with Scott Millson on Leadership and Finding Your Frequency Join hosts Denise and Joel for a special live episode of the bswift Beacon podcast, recorded at bswift’s Idea Exchange conference in Hollywood, FL. Learn More Streamlining Success: Cabot Corporation’s Partnership with bswift Hear how bswift’s benefits administration partnership and intuitive solutions simplify enrollment, payroll, and data management while delivering exceptional support and empowering HR. Learn More How MMA Delivers Big Results with bswift’s Powerful Benefits Platform Learn why MMA partners with bswift to streamline benefits management, improve HR operations, and enhance the employee experience. With powerful HR tech, an experienced channel partner team, easy-to-use tools, and robust reporting features, bswift simplifies complex processes. Learn More bswift unveils next-gen Emma Intelligence at its annual Idea Exchange conference bswift LLC, a leading innovator in employee benefits technology and administration, announced the latest generation of Emma™, its intelligent, platform-level digital assistant. Learn More Idea Exchange 2025: On-Demand General Sessions Dive into some of the top sessions from Idea Exchange 2025—now available to watch anytime. Learn More CarMax’s Success with Strategic Employee Benefits Communication Through a tailored, multi-channel benefits strategy, bswift helped CarMax simplify complex benefits communication, drive associate action, and elevate the overall enrollment experience. Learn More bswift Beacon Episode 02: The Future of Service Excellence with Eric Strom Join hosts Denise and Joel for an insightful discussion with Senior Vice President of the bswift Service Center, Eric Strom, the driving force behind bswift’s Service Center transformation. Learn More How RRD Simplified Employee Benefits Enrollment and Elevated Engagement RRD partnered with bswift to streamline employee benefits enrollment, successfully managing a healthcare benefits transition while improving employee engagement. Learn how a strong benefits management strategy and clear communication plan helped RRD exceed industry benchmarks and drive better outcomes. Learn More Enhancing Wellbeing with bswift’s Incentive Program Discover how leading employers are using bswift’s incentive-based solution to drive preventive care, reduce healthcare costs, and boost employee wellbeing. With Evive™, employees are empowered to take meaningful health actions—improving outcomes for people and organizations alike. Learn More bswift Launches End-to-End Employee Engagement Ecosystem with the bswift Engagement Agency The bswift Engagement Agency delivers a powerful mix of strategy, technology, and engagement. Learn More 4 Steps to Build a Business Case for Better HR Tech Investment Whether it’s clunky manual tasks, confused employees, low engagement, or compliance risks, your current system is frustrating and feels like it’s holding you back. Learn More SHRM Webinar Replay: Solving the Employee Engagement Crisis Employee engagement is not doing great. It’s at a 10-year low, with only 31% of U.S. employees reporting they feel engaged at work, according to Gallup. Disengaged teams don’t drive innovation, collaboration, or results for organizations. Learn More National Food Distributor Saves Millions with AI-Powered Dependent Verification Discover how bswift deployed its AI-powered dependent verification audit in just two weeks to help a national food distributor save millions while significantly reducing manual work for the HR Team. Learn More bswift Beacon Episode 01: Cracking the Code on Employee Engagement with Alyssa Zeff Join hosts Joel and Denise for the debut episode of bswift Beacon. Get insights from internal communications expert Alyssa Zeff. Learn More MaineHealth Boosts Voluntary Benefits Enrollment with Comprehensive Strategy Discover how MaineHealth boosted voluntary benefits enrollment by updating carriers, enhancing plan designs, expanding communications, and using bswift’s Emma for personalized guidance. Learn More bswift Launches AI-Driven Dependent Verification: Unlock Savings and Ensure Benefits Equity bswift LLC, a leading innovator in employee benefits technology and administration, is excited to announce the release of its dependent verification solution to all employers, regardless of whether they are an existing bswift benefits administration customer. Learn More The Employee Engagement Crisis: 4 Ways HR Leaders Can Improve Morale and Productivity Discover four strategies HR leaders can use rebuild clarity, foster connections, create meaningful growth opportunities and boost employee engagement. Learn More HR Trends That Will Define 2025: Rising Costs, Smarter Benefits Strategies Discover the HR trends shaping 2025, from skyrocketing healthcare costs to smarter benefits strategies. Learn how to stay ahead and support your team. Learn More bswift Wins Gold in Brandon Hall Group’s Excellence in Technology Awards for the Fourth Consecutive Year bswift’s approach combines advanced technology with a deep understanding of client needs, enabling seamless benefits management while fostering higher employee engagement. Learn More bswift Delivers a Stellar Annual Enrollment Stress-free annual enrollment starts with bswift. Explore our infographic for HR tech, stellar service, and employee satisfaction at light speed! Learn More bswift Acquires Evive: Launches Integrated, Personalized Engagement Engine bswift announces a fully integrated personalized engagement solution aimed at delivering better health care outcomes through data-driven personalization, predictive analytics, and behavioral science. Learn More The Rising Impact of Diabetes on Workplace Productivity and Employee Health Support employee health and reduce costs with effective diabetes management programs that promote workplace wellness and enhance productivity. Learn More Values in Action: How Company Culture Drives Business Success Here's how strong company culture, driven by core values, improves employee engagement and business success. Learn how to strengthen culture. Learn More The Winning Annual Enrollment Trifecta Our annual enrollment infographic unlocks the power of effective communication, AI, and human expertise for a seamless benefits experience. Learn More AI for Health Plan Administration: 3 Ways It’s Transforming Benefits Management AI is transforming benefits administration. Discover how bswift's Mindful AI® enhances human abilities, improving efficiency, accuracy, and user satisfaction. Learn More HR AI: New Study Reveals AI’s Potential for the Employee Experience A recent bswift-commissioned Forrester study reveals that AI isn’t just another fleeting trend in the HR landscape – it’s a catalyst for change. Learn More Emma Chat: Supercharging Benefits Support Navigating employee benefits can be complex, both for employees and HR teams. We’re excited to unveil the latest evolution of Emma™ Chat from bswift®, now enhanced with the power of Mindful AI™. Learn More The Winning AE Trifecta: AI, Employee Comms and Human Connection In this webcast, bswift will explore how HR can optimize annual enrollment (AE). They’ll cover marketing-inspired communication techniques, the role of AI in streamlining HR processes, and the importance of the human touch. Learn More Conquer Annual Enrollment: 7 Steps to Scale Your HR Everest Master annual enrollment with our checklist. From HR tech to communication planning, streamline your HR process and improve your employee benefits rollout. Learn More Emma EnrollPro: AI-Powered Benefits Enrollment Made Easy With bswift’s enhanced AI-powered Emma EnrollPro, HR can ensure a smoother benefits selection experience for their workforce. Learn More bWise – Ep 30: Emma™ Asks the Experts: The Future of AI in Benefits Administration Join hosts Don and Sharon as they explore the latest AI enhancements to bswift’s groundbreaking AI-powered platform intelligence, Emma. Learn More 4 Holistic Health Trends to Boost Employee Wellbeing and ROI Learn how holistic health trends in employee wellbeing programs like value-based care, whole person care, mental health can boost ROI. Learn More Flexible, Powerful, Trusted: bswift Redefines Benefits Admin Hear why HR pros choose bswift for benefits administration. See why organizations of all sizes trust bswift to deliver efficiency, flexibility, and advanced functionality in benefits tech. Learn More AI for HR: 4 Key Trends You Need to Know Now ​​Cut through the hype. From Mindful AI to people analytics, these 4 trends in AI for HR boost employee engagement and attract top talent.​ Learn More Harnessing the Power of AI for HR Unlock AI’s potential in HR with bswift: Automate tasks, enhance decision-making, and focus on strategic goals. Discover AI’s role in recruitment, onboarding, and more Learn More bWise – Ep 29: Building the Future of HR with AI: A Chat with Jeff Kirk Get practical insights for driving successful digital transformations across industries. Listen in as Jeff Kirk shares his 20+ years of experience and wisdom, with real-world examples of digitizing businesses Learn More Employee Healthcare Cost Containment Strategies: A Guide for HR Rising healthcare costs got your HR team down? Discover 4 data-driven cost-containment strategies from bswift's IX to reduce healthcare spending & improve wellbeing. Learn More Harnessing the Power of AI for HR – Make it Mindful Leverage AI for HR with bswift's Mindful AI® approach. See how AI enhances human expertise, recruiting, onboarding, engagement and compliance. Learn More The Gold Standard in Employee Comms: bswift Communication Agency bswift Communication Agency wins 2 Gold Hermes Awards for creative employee benefits communication. Learn more about our award-winning work! Learn More Introducing the AI Supercharged Emma™: Your Employee Benefits Guide Empower your employees with bswift's Emma, an AI-powered benefits assistant. Personalized recommendations, plan comparisons and more. Learn More bswift’s Emma™ Agent Assistant Transforms Employee Benefits Administration with AI and the Human Touch More than just an app, it’s a comprehensive wellbeing solution tailored for both employees and employers, simplifying the health journey. Learn More Simplify Benefits, Unlock HR’s Potential: bswift Has You Covered Simplify benefits administration and empower HR with tools to streamline enrollment, optimize benefits use, and free HR for strategic work. Learn More Solving the Employee Communication Puzzle: Tips for Better Engagement ​​Effective employee communication is crucial for HR. Learn best practices to improve benefits utilization and employee engagement.​ Learn More bswift acquires Davis & Company, expanding its Communication Agency suite of solutions Davis & Company will join our Communication Agency and grow its core offering to provide comprehensive solutions for all internal and HR communication needs. Learn More bWise – Ep 27: Streamlining Benefits Admin: Real-World Wisdom from Industry Vet Maria Yao The latest episode of the bwise Podcast is a masterclass in optimizing operations. Tune in for Maria’s straight-shooting advice and elevate your operational capabilities. Learn More Flexible and User-Friendly: bswift Benefits Enrollment Solutions Learn how bswift’s benefits administration platform streamlines HR’s work with flexible technology, seamless customization, and user-friendly tools to deliver benefits the way they’re meant to be. Learn More Ditch the Stress: How bswift Makes Benefits Administration Easy bswift’s innovative platform takes the hassle out of benefits administration. See how we empower HR with user-friendly tools to help deliver benefits. Learn More bWise – Ep 26: Achieving Liftoff: Lana Hillebrand’s Journey From Astronaut Aspirations to HR Industry Leader In this episode, hosts Don and Sharon sit down with HR and benefits administration leader Lana Hillebrand, who recently joined bswift’s advisory council. Learn More Optimize Benefits Enrollment: HR Best Practices for the ‘So-Called’ Off-Season Benefits enrollment best practices for HR. Improve employee communications strategies, analyze benefits utilization and enhance benefits portfolios.​ Learn More bWise – Ep 25: Navigating the Future of Ben Admin: A Conversation With Scott Millson On this episode, benefit administration insider Scott Millson shares his unique perspective on his over three decades in the employee benefits field. Learn More American Heart Month: How to Support the Heart Health of Your Workforce February is American Heart Month – the perfect time to focus on workplace wellness and heart health through personalized digital tools and connected capabilities. Learn More Choosing Your Benefits with Ask Emma Choosing Your Benefits with Ask Emma Video Transcript Learn More The Future of HR: 4 Trends Reshaping Employee Benefits in 2024 Let's look at the future of HR, from AI and automation to cost containment, tailored well-being initiatives, and adapting to remote work. Learn More bWise – Ep 24:  Ice Baths to Client Service Excellence: A Conversation With bswift COO Amit Jain Listen in as bswift Chief Operating Officer Amit Jain talks about his passion for client service, his unique approach to leadership, and his vision for the future of benefits administration technology. Learn More bswift Simplify: Streamlined Benefits Management for Channel Partners, NFP Signs On to Deploy Learn More Paycor Channel Partner Story Learn how the expertise, seamless integration, and customer-focused approach of benefits admin platform bswift supports Paycor. Watch Video. Learn More NFP Channel Partner Story bswift combines technology, flexibility, and support to meet NFP's diverse client needs with a user-friendly interface and exceptional client collaboration. Learn More bswift Wins Third Consecutive Brandon Hall Group Award for Benefits Administration With the consistent recognition by Brandon Hall Group, bswift continues to be a trailblazer in benefits administration technology and an indispensable ally in enabling people-first benefits success. Learn More Bolton Channel Partner Story Bolton partners with bswift for an intuitive, user-friendly benefits platform and exceptional support. Watch video now. Learn More Transform Benefits Engagement With bswift’s Next-Gen Mobile App Manage benefits effortlessly with bswift Mobile. This secure, intuitive app offers biometric login, on-the-go healthcare access, and simplified benefits navigation. Learn More How to Improve Employee Benefits Engagement Boost employee benefits engagement with proven HR strategies like clear communication, feedback loops, and AI chatbots to empower employees Learn More Reduce Barriers to Care: bswift Enables Same-Day Pharmacy Benefits Get prescription benefits instantly with bswift's real-time integration. Enjoy day-one activation, improved care access, and a stronger employer value proposition. Learn More bWise – Ep 23: Shaping Culture and Service: A People-First Approach to HR with bswift’s Natalie Atwood bswift’s Chief People Officer Natalie Atwood talks with bWise hosts Don and Sharon about her passion for putting people first. Learn More bswift Elevate™: Empowering Holistic Employee Wellbeing, Anywhere and Anytime bswift Elevate is reimagining the employee well-being journey and simplifying the employee experience with hyper-personalized messaging to drive deeper engagement in employer wellbeing programs. Learn More Boost Benefits Utilization with bswift’s New Personalized Employee Wellbeing Solution More than just an app, it’s a comprehensive wellbeing solution tailored for both employees and employers, simplifying the health journey. Learn More The bswift Service Center Commitment Video Benefits can be difficult to understand. Watch this video to see how bswift's Service Center makes it simpler for employees. Learn More Want Engaged Employees? Show Full Value with Total Compensation Statements ​​A smart way to boost employee engagement is to create a total compensation statement that details the value of their salary, benefits and other rewards. Learn More The bswift Service Center Commitment At bswift, we supplement our innovative and flexible HR tech with a strong commitment to service excellence. Learn More Toyoda Gosei Customer Story Hear how bswift’s benefits tech stands out for its robust functionality, flexibility and dependability in managing complex benefits for a diverse workforce. Learn More GXO Customer Story See how bswift’s flexible solutions and services helped GXO quadruple their benefits enrollment rate. Watch Video here. Learn More bswift Mobile App: Empower Your Employees The bswift Mobile App offers your employees seamless access to their benefits. Download the app now via the App Store or Google Play Store. Learn More Omnicom Group Customer Story See how bswift’s flexible solutions and services helped Omnicom navigate their complex benefits administration needs. Watch now! Learn More Ace Annual Enrollment: 4 Solutions to Common HR Challenges Make annual enrollment frictionless and empowering, These tips will help you optimize the employee experience and drive talent retention. Learn More Unlocking the Power of Employee Benefits Discover the hidden keys unlocking the full value of your benefits program for your employees and your organization. Watch it now! Learn More Prioritizing Employee Wellbeing for Business Success Explore the core connection between employee benefits, employee wellbeing, and business success. Get a roadmap for reviewing your organization's current offerings to ensure they're relevant, accessible and effectively supporting workforce health and productivity. Learn More Welcoming Industry Powerhouse Sue Thomson as bswift’s new Chief Growth Officer In her role as CGO, Thomson will oversee sales, client success, marketing, and growth strategy focused on expanding bswift’s market share. Learn More Insights and Highlights: A Recap of bswift’s Idea Exchange 2023 Conference bswift's Idea Exchange 2023 Conference brings you insights on employee benefits engagement and benefits administration. Access session videos and more. Perfect for any HR professional looking to stay up-to-date. Learn More bWise – Ep 20: Digital Transformation: HR and Employee Engagement, With NFP’s Mark Rieder In this episode, we’ll explore how digital transformation can improve the employee experience, boost customer satisfaction, increase productivity, and drive greater profitability for the company. Learn More Fueling Outcomes: bswift’s Innovation Strategy and Latest Enhancements Watch bswift's latest video to get up to date on bswift's latest innovation strategy and enhancements. Watch video now. Learn More bWise – Ep 22: Driving Operational Excellence at bswift With Adam Hostetter Get an insider’s look at how bswift’s Head of Operational Excellence, Adam Hostetter, is driving major improvements. Learn how his team is enhancing service delivery, upgrading technology, and aligning workstreams to accelerate growth. Learn More Hire Emma: bswift’s AI HR Assistant That Pays for Herself Meet Emma, the AI HR assistant who resolves benefits questions, provides enrollment guidance, and improves the employee experience. Learn More bWise – Ep 21: bswift’s Bright Future, Mission, and Passion, With bswift CEO Ted Bloomberg In this episode, you’ll learn more about bswift’s leadership, what fuels our passion for our clients and partners, and our commitment to deliver excellent technology and service to all those we serve. Learn More Here’s How to Create An Engaging Employee Benefits Communication Strategy Great employee benefits communication is crucial for employee satisfaction. Get tips for effective benefits communications that engage all stakeholders, using a multi-channel approach, incorporating empathy, focusing on timing, highlighting total rewards, and broadening the conversation on employee wellbeing. Learn More Unlocking the Power of Employee Benefits Employee benefits are key to attracting, engaging and retaining top talent. Read this infographic to learn more on the underutilization gap Learn More The Power of Effective Employee Benefits Utilization: Tips to Boost Benefits Engagement and Retention Improve retention, engagement, wellbeing and productivity with an effective employee benefits utilization strategy. Boost benefits engagement with these tips. Learn More Welcoming Amit Jain, bswift’s new Chief Operating Officer Jain will lead bswift’s Client Services, Service Center, and Channel Partner Operations, as well as the Operational Center of Excellence. Learn More Maximizing Employee Benefits Utilization: Challenges and Solutions ​​Improve engagement and retention with effective employee benefits utilization. Learn common challenges, solutions, and the importance of prioritizing employee wellbeing.​ Learn More bswift Expands Strategic Partnership Program to Simplify HR and Optimize Benefits Offerings bswift is expanding its Strategic Partnership Program, an innovative solution that simplifies how employers integrate their benefits ecosystems, centralize programs, and optimize offerings to empower employees and boost benefits utilization. Learn More Forrester Research Reveals the High Cost of Low Employee Benefits Engagement (And What You Can Do About It) Discover how HR pros can improve employee benefits engagement with insights from Forrester Research. Boost morale, productivity and retention, and cut healthcare costs. See the survey results and actionable strategies now. Learn More bswift Communication Agency Wins Two 2023 Hermes Creative Awards bswift, a leading provider of benefits administration and technology solutions, has received prestigious recognition for its exceptional creativity and innovation in employee benefits communication. Learn More The Top 5 Employee Benefits to Boost Satisfaction, Retention and Recruitment Learn which employee benefits matter most to employees, and how these top employee benefits boost satisfaction, retention, and recruitment. A must-read for HR professionals. Learn More bswift Forms Strategic Advisory Council bswift has recently announced the formation of an Advisory Council comprised of some of the industry’s most insightful and experienced professionals. Learn More ​​How to Use AI to Improve HR: bswift Experts Answer CHROs’ Most Pressing Questions​ bswift experts answer CHROs' questions about using AI to improve HR. Learn how to avoid pitfalls, partner with CTOs, and create a better employee experience. Learn More How to Successfully Implement AI in HR: The CTO and CHRO Partnership Let's look at the benefits and the risks of AI in HR. From data privacy to legal liability, CHROs and CTOs can partner to safely implement AI for business. Learn More Boost Benefits Utilization with a Great Employee Benefits Communication Plan Unlock the full potential of your employee benefits communication. Benefits U helps you save time and effort and boost employee engagement. Learn More Webinar: Ask the Experts – How to Make AI an Essential Workforce Tool Artificial intelligence is set to revolutionize the way we manage workforces. Watch our webinar to take your AI knowledge to the next level Learn More ACA Management Suite Introducing ACA Management Suite, offering a suite of management solutions to help employers navigate the new world of healthcare and benefits Learn More bswift at the Employee Health Care Conference – New York, 4/18-4/19 bswift will be at the Employee Health Care Conference in New York from April 18-19. Learn more about the upcoming conference. Learn More Cut Costs, Not Benefits: Establish a Culture of Health in Your Workplace Learn how to reduce healthcare costs and improve employee satisfaction with a culture of health in the workplace. Follow these 6 easy steps. Learn More Celebrating Black History Month with Benefits Equity How you can make the most of this celebration by incorporating employee benefits into your diversity, equity, and inclusion strategy. Learn More bswift Enhances Ask Emma with AI to Deliver Personalized Benefits Recommendations and Personalized Employee Support​ bswift has significantly upgraded, Ask Emma, its AI-powered decision support solution, to provide a hyper-personalized benefit recommendations and virtual support for employees. Learn More 6 Great Questions To Help You Measure Annual Enrollment Success With the dust settling on annual enrollment, it's time to look back and learn. Here are a few simple questions you and your HR team can ask. Learn More The Top 5 HR Trends of 2023: Leveraging Tech to Put the ‘Human’ Back in HR In 2023, technology will continue to play a major role in how we adapt. Here are the top five HR trends we’re watching in 2023. Learn More Welcoming Ted Bloomberg, bswift’s new Chief Executive Officer Ted Bloomberg joins bswift as CEO, bringing 25 years of leadership experience to drive growth, innovation, and a new chapter for the benefits technology leader. Learn More bswift a sponsor of TBGH’s 18th Annual Benefits Forum bswift is looking forward to sponsoring the Texas Business Group on Health's 18th Annual Benefits Forum! Learn more and check out the agenda! Learn More The 3 E’s and bswift’s New Homepage Experience Your benefits homepage is the launching point for all things benefits, check out this infographic to see how bswift's new home page experience makes the 3 E's stress free. Learn More Visit bswift at HLTH 2022 in Las Vegas from Nov. 13-16! bswift is attending HLTH 2022 in Las Vegas from November 13-16th! Visit our booth and you could win a set of Apple AirPods or an Apple Watch! Learn More bswift Dashboard and Reporting The bswift Dashboard and Reporting tool provides easy access to the robust data you need in customizable reports, all in one location. Learn More The 2022 IBI/Conference Board Health and Productivity Forum We’re excited to be apart of the IBI Conference Board Health and Productivity Forum. Our bswift sponsored pre-conference reception from is Sept. 27, 3-6 p.m. at the Marriott Marquis Chicago! Learn More Solving the Great Resignation: The Role of Employee-centric Benefits, Tech & Culture Struggling to navigate the Great Resignation? Here are a few ways to improve and develop a more employee-centric-culture. Learn More John Hansen, CTO, recognized in Mirror Review’s 10 Dominant Cloud Leaders of 2022 bswift's John Hansen, CTO, was recently recognized by Mirror Review magazine in their 10 Dominant Cloud Leaders of 2022. Read more! Learn More bswift a proud sponsor of NEBGH’s 11th Annual Health & Wellness Benefits Conference bswift is proud to be a sponsor of the Northeast Business Group on Health's upcoming Annual Health & Wellness Benefits Conference. Learn More Introducing bswift Navigation Advocate, powered by Health Advocate bswift is proud to offer leading concierge services via Health Advocate. Click to learn more. Learn More Eric Hollenbach joins bswift as Consultant Relations Leader We are excited to share that Eric Hollenbach has joined the bswift team as our Consultant Relations Leader! Learn More Jim Rigdon named Senior Vice President of Sales at bswift Jim brings 23 years of benefits administration expertise to bswift, driving revenue growth and client success. He's an MBA graduate with a strong healthcare background. Learn More bswift receives Brandon Hall Group’s Gold Award for Best Advance in Benefits Administration Learn More bswift interviewed by HRO Today: Delivering a Benefits Experience for the Whole Employee HRO Today recently connected with bswift on how organizations are increasingly embracing benefits that support their employees. Learn More bswift interviewed by HRO Today: Empowering Employees Through Annual Enrollment and Beyond HRO Today connected with bswift on how organizations are embracing new strategies to enable workforces to achieve their benefits goals Learn More bswift launches COVID-19 Vaccine and Testing Confirmation Solution, bswift Attest bswift clients and channel partners can contact their bswift representative to learn more about getting started with bswift Attest. Read more Learn More We are bswift From innovation and data security to compassion and care, hear from our people about what makes us bswift. Learn More Sony Corporation of America Customer Story Read how Sony gained efficiency with bswift. Learn More Brown & Brown Channel Partner Story A bswift Channel Partner Story, on why Brown & Brown Insurance partnered with bswift Learn More DirectPath Channel Partner Story A reliable partner for DirectPath, "with bswift, we know that when they say they can do something, they can do it.” Learn More HealthPass Channel Partner Story Explore why Channel Partner, HealthPass, partnered with bswift to enter the competitive healthcare benefits workspace. Learn More Partner Customer Story Watch to see firsthand why enterprises across the country choose our bswift platform to transform benefits administration. Learn More Sony Corporation of America Customer Story Read how Sony gained efficiency with bswift. Learn More ICUBA Customer Story Watch customer story now Learn More Texas Roadhouse Customer Story Watch customer story now. Learn More EnPro Industries Customer Story Learn how EnPro Industries boosted enrollment with bswift. Learn More JELD-WEN Customer Story JELD-WEN praises bswift's comprehensive system for ease of enrollment, compliance support, and boosting high deductible plan enrollment by over 250%. Learn More Experience bswift in Action Experience the way benefits are meant to be . Speak with a bswift expert today or book a demo to see our industry-leading benefits administration and AI-powered HR solutions in action. For Sales or Partnership Inquires: © 2025 bswift.  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Vulnerability Disclosure Program twitter facebook linkedin instagram New to bswift? Meet Emma Service Excellence Engagement Solutions End-to-End Benefits Platform Administrative HR Solutions Company About bswift Join Our Team Security Success Stories News & Press Quick Links Benefits & HR Insights bswift Updates bswift Podcast twitter facebook linkedin instagram Contact Us