BTCC : Leveraged Crypto Futures Exchange | Bitcoin & Ethereum Margin Trading BTCC More Recommended Affiliates Hot Turn your influence into revenue Learn News New Read in-depth analysis of crypto news BTCC Academy Learn about blockchain and crypto Blog Find all the how-tos of our platform Support Support Centre Find our FAQs here Live Chat Get your questions answered by our live customer support BTCC Community Get social with us Give Us Feedback Your voice matters to us About Us About BTCC Learn about our brand Announcements Find all our official announcements BTCC Updates Check out our latest news and feature releases BTCC and Security Learn about our industry-leading protection Partnership with JJJ Meet our brand ambassador Jaren Jackson Jr. Deposit Fiat Deposit Fund your account with USDT using Visa/Mastercard Crypto Deposit Make instant crypto transfers to your futures account Convert Convert your assets to different cryptos instantly Markets Futures USDT-M Perpetual Futures Trade futures contracts settled in USDT USDT-M Perpetual Futures Pro BETA Trade futures contracts settled in USDT Coin-M Perpetual Futures Trade futures contracts settled in cryptocurrency Demo Trading 100,000 USDT virtual fund Practise trading USDT-margined and coin-margined futures Trading Articles Read all the guides about futures trading Copy Futures Copy Trading Follow the world's top traders Futures Copy Trading Guide An introduction to BTCC's futures copy trading feature Spot Spot trading Trade Cryptocurrencies Freely Trading Articles Essential Guide to Spot Trading Benefits Exclusive to new users Hot Get 30,000 USDT Campaigns Get rewards daily Join our campaigns to receive exciting rewards VIP Programme Get discounts Become a VIP user to enjoy exclusive privileges Referral Get unlimited rebates Invite friends and receive rewards Affiliates APP Scan to Download App Download Options English Register ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Seize Your Next Trading Opportunity Hot Futures Hot Spot Products Latest Price 24H Change Chart Trade Gainers New Futures Trading Popular derivatives with up to 500x leverage. Go long or short based on market trends, offering profit opportunities as long as there is volatility. Register Now Spot trading Trade Cryptocurrencies Freely Register Now Copy Trading Make large gains with little capital. Trade anytime, anywhere Scan to Download iOS & Android App Store Google Play Android APK API Why choose BTCC Exchange for a better future 14 Years of Proven Security Market-leading Liquidity Jaren Jackson Jr. Global Brand Ambassador Latest news Need help? BTCC Academy Get all the latest crypto trading information you need to know for free. Support Centre See our FAQs for more information about fees, futures trading, and more. Live Chat Our dedicated specialists are here 24/7 to answer any questions you may have. Exchange for a better future Products Perpetual Futures Spot Copy Trading APIs Services Affiliates Referral Markets Token Price VIP Programme Live Trading Data Proof of Reserves Application for listing BTCC Verify Guides Blog Support Centre News BTCC Academy NFT Marketplace About Us About BTCC BTCC Updates Announcements BTCC and Security Careers Terms & Agreement Customer Service Live Chat Report an Issue [email protected] Quick Links BTC Price ETH Price XRP Price SOL Price DOGE Price what is tether usdt how to trade usdc futures how to trade bitcoin futures how to trade ethereum futures how to trade cardano futures how to trade solana futures how to trade ripple futures bitcoin price prediction ethereum price prediction Risk warning: Digital asset trading is an emerging industry with bright prospects, but it also comes with huge risks as it is a new market. The risk is especially high in leveraged trading since leverage magnifies profits and amplifies risks at the same time. Please make sure you have a thorough understanding of the industry, the leveraged trading models, and the rules of trading before opening a position. Additionally, we strongly recommend that you identify your risk tolerance and only accept the risks you are willing to take. All trading involves risks, so you must be cautious when entering the market. The world’s longest-running cryptocurrency exchange since 2011 © 2011- 2026 BTCC.com. All rights reserved