Bubbl.us - Create Mind Maps | Collaborate and Present Ideas Examples Pricing About Contact Sign In Register With Bubbl.us you can mind map your big idea. mind map your big idea. Register using email Facebook Register using Google Sign In OR Mind Map Now start now without registering Featured In Reviews Trusted since 2005 Start with a Mind Map Example Try a sample mind map now— no account needed! Edit This Example -- What our users say about us From our users Bubbl.us is a sleek, quick, beautiful tool for mind mapping. Used many times and always come away satisfied. James Wisdom Marketing Executive Bubbl.us is a great resource for organizing your thoughts. Share and collaborate with others. Shaelynn Farnworth Community Manager It's so user-friendly and creates great visuals of connected learning! Holly Mueller Education Consultant Bubbl.us helps to quickly map out ideas and find points of friction early 
                                on in the product design/ideation phase. Amik A. UX Design Engineering Lead at Amazon This mind-mapping activity actually smooths the process of content development and allows several folks to view the "larger picture". Peter Young Senior Adviser Bubbl.us helped us cleanly map out our email campaign strategies for the benefit of stakeholders outside our department Jiwon Seo Email Marketing Manager Use Artificial Intelligence to generate ideas Use AI to generate ideas Our AI is your creative companion, ready to jumpstart your ideas when you need it most. With a simple click, access a wellspring of ideas tailored to your project. Get Started Instantly with Templates Begin your journey with one of our ready-to-use templates, or unleash your creativity by crafting your own. Plus, share your personalized templates seamlessly with others! Collaborate with your team in real time Work on a mind map together, ensuring immediate visibility of all changes, and effortlessly determine who is actively contributing to or viewing your mind map. Your data is safe with us We respect your privacy and protect your data with the highest standards. 
                     Bubbl.us is hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), with data centers that meet the highest security standards, including ISO 27001 compliance. Our infrastructure undergoes rigorous audits, such as SAS70 Type II, to ensure the security and operational integrity of your data. Learn more—view our Security Statement. Empower Your Team Manage all accounts from one place. Ensure work continuity with document retention. Provide full-featured access to every team member. Simplify your billing process with centralized license management. Learn more—see our Team subscription details. Get started, instantly! Choose Mind Map Now to try us out without registering! Register using email Facebook Register using Google Sign In OR Mind Map Now start now without registering Pricing Contact Help Terms Privacy Security About © 2025 LKCollab, LLC. English ▾ English Español Русский Bubbl.us is praised by teachers, students and professionals as being one of the best web-based mind mapping software applications on the market. Thousands of people use Bubbl.us daily to take notes, brainstorm new ideas, collaborate, and present more effectively. Bubbl.us makes it easy to organize your ideas visually in a way that makes sense to you and others. Our editor has a clean and simple design, which allows for a clutter-free space to help users stay on task, and map out their thoughts and ideas. With Bubbl.us you can collaborate in real time with friends or colleagues, and share you maps easily with people or on social media. Bubbl.us offers free accounts with up to three mind maps, as well as Premium accounts with discounts for teachers, students, and non-profit organizations.