This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
BUY ONE, GIFT ONE FOR $20 + GET A $25 REWARD! SUBSCRIBE & GIFT 
Offer available to new subscribers only. Plus tax where applicable, see payment page for details.
	
Subscribe
 Log In
E-edition
News
Obituaries
Opinion
Sports
Puzzles
Podcasts
Gusto
Lifestyles
Business
Public Notices
Jobs
23° Snow Shower
Sabres recap: 4-2 win at St. Louis makes it nine in a row
Rachel Lenzi
What to expect in the next 36 hours: Strong winds knock out power for thousands
Ben Tsujimoto
Bills notebook: Offensive coordinator Joe Brady says 'we didn't do the simple well' in loss to Eagles
Katherine Fitzgerald
Sean McDermott undecided whether Josh Allen will start for Bills against Jets
Lance Lysowski
Wind steals the show on Day One of Buffalo's first storm of the winter
Ben Tsujimoto
Photos: Winds batter Western New York as winter storm rolls in
Joshua Bessex
Further Review podcast: Still looking for a complete Bills game
Shopping
Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App
Recommended For You
What to expect in the next 36 hours: Strong winds knock out power for thousands
How and why the Buffalo Bills decided to go for two-point conversion vs. Eagles
Report Card: Bills' special teams miscues play a big part in loss to Eagles
The Latest
Gale Warning from MON 7:00 PM EST until TUE 4:00 PM EST

Gale Warning: Hazardous Winds and Waves on Lake Erie Until 4 PM EST Tuesday

Heavy wind and snow cover the Buffalo skyline
About 30,000 customers in WNY without power as winds pummel region
Complete coverage: First winter storm of season batters Buffalo, WNY
With 79 mph gust, Buffalo airport approaches all-time record Monday
It's seiche season; strong winds are blowing Lake Erie into Buffalo during powerful storm
High winds crash along the Lake Erie shoreline
High winds batter Lake Erie shoreline
Editor's Pick
The top 10 food and drink stories we covered in 2025
Francesca Bond

From a dying 4 a.m. last call to the surprising reason Buffalo lacks Michelin accolades, these are the top 10 food stories we covered this year.

These restaurants aren't closing, but they could if business doesn't pick up. Welcome to the ‘pre-closure’ era
A two-Michelin star meal is 45 minutes from Buffalo. What it's like to dine at Canada's Pearl Morissette
Francesca Bond: I tried to come up with our 25 best restaurants. I ended up with 40. Here are 5
Business
2025 Erie County real estate transactions
Soon to be renamed for Golisano, what's next for Children's Hospital in Buffalo?
Oishei Children's Hospital president on next steps
Erie County real estate transactions
Latest Video
Heavy wind and snow cover the Buffalo skyline
Rasmus Dahlin rejoins the Sabres in St. Louis
Further Review podcast: Still looking for a complete Bills game
High winds crash along the Lake Erie shoreline
Sports
SPONSORED
How fine is nine: Zach Benson’s third period goal puts Sabres in reach of tying franchise record
Bills' Shaq Thompson once again steps in for Terrel Bernard at middle linebacker
Bills linebacker Terrel Bernard to miss finale with calf injury
Upon Further Review: What to make of the Bills' defensive effort against the Eagles
Life & Entertainment
Wendy's has 1-cent Jr. Bacon Cheeseburgers on Dec. 30. Here's how to get one
Times Square to feature patriotic crystal ball for New Year's Eve, kicking off US's 250th birthday
Alan Pergament: Fox's Brady is enthusiastic, enlightening but passes on McDermott's big decision
Local Events
Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info
Partner
PROVIDED
Is College Becoming Optional? New Study Finds More People Re-Evaluating What Success Looks Like
PROVIDED
Sunday Scaries Are Wrecking Sleep, Relationships, and Mental Health — Gen Z Hit the Hardest
PROVIDED
Is Your Company’s Tech Stack Sabotaging Success? New Data Shows Employees Are Losing Hours to Unreliable Connectivity
PARTNER
Voices of Vision | Walsh Insurance moves to Larkinville
Lifestyle
Virtual reality opens doors for older people to build closer connections in real life
Fast shipping is increasing emissions. Here's why delivery has become more polluting
Rural schools hit by Trump's grant cuts have few options for making up for the lost money
A guide to good manners at the retail counter this holiday season
Opinion
Adam Zyglis: Best of 2025 National Cartoons
The economy needs a little bit of unfairness | Allison Schrager
Bookstore bounce-back a good read | Chicago Tribune
Trump's foreign policy doctrine is chasing a lost hemisphere | Lynn Schmidt
Nation & World
The moon and sun figure big in the new year's lineup of cosmic wonders
Photos remembering Brigitte Bardot, iconic French actor and activist
Jeffrey R. Holland, next in line to lead Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, dies at 85
Perry Bamonte, guitarist and keyboardist for The Cure, dies at 65
Interact With Us
Download our mobile app for a customized experience!
Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News:
Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!
Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!
Listen Now Podcasts
Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast
Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened
Drivers are seeing lower gas prices this holiday season | Hot off the Wire podcast
Brown police chief placed on leave; Chiefs moving to Kansas | Hot off the Wire podcast
Shopping
Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App
Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending
Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk?
Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching
Shop Local Spotlights
Handmade gifts under $50
Buffalo Magazine
Snail mail, but make it cool
Buffalo Magazine
4 books to gift by Buffalo-based authors
Buffalo Magazine
Newsletter
EMAIL
Sign up for newsletters from The Buffalo News

Convenient updates to your inbox on daily headlines with Good Morning, Buffalo, plus breaking news, local sports and food and drink.

Print Ads
 
Events Entertainment
Healthcare
Real Estate
Other
Other
Real Estate
Grocery Food
Retail Stores
Updated 58 mins ago
Real Estate
Other
Events Entertainment
Healthcare
Real Estate
Other
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Bluesky
 
YouTube
Sites & Partners
Buffalo Job Finder
BN Home
[BN] Ads
Buffalo Magazine
WNY Weddings
Classifieds
The Buffalo News Store
Services
Activate
Manage Subscription
Advertise With Us
Work Here
Contests
Newsletters
Contact Us
Become a Carrier
Licensing
Shopping
© Copyright 2025 The Buffalo News, 726 Exchange St. Buffalo, NY 14210
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com.