Welcome to BugGuide.Net! - BugGuide.Net Identification, Images, & Information For Insects, Spiders & Their Kin For the United States & Canada Search Register · Log In Home Guide ID Request Recent Frass Forums Donate Help Clickable Guide Calendar Upcoming Events National Moth Week was July 19-27, and the Summer 2025 gathering in Louisiana , July 19-27 Photos of insects and people from the 2024 BugGuide gathering in Idaho July 24-27 Moth submissions from National Moth Week 2024 Photos of insects and people from the 2022 BugGuide gathering in New Mexico , July 20-24 Photos of insects and people from the Spring 2021 gathering in Louisiana , April 28-May 2 Photos of insects and people from the 2019 gathering in Louisiana , July 25-27 Welcome to BugGuide.Net! Photo © Joyce Gross All Abuzz About Bugs! We are an online community of naturalists who enjoy learning about and sharing our observations of insects, spiders, and other related creatures. We enjoy the opportunity to instill in others the fascination and appreciation that we share for the intricate lives of these oft-maligned creatures. Our Mission Using the best resources we have access to, we are creating a knowledgebase to help each other and the online community. Our Method We collect photographs of bugs from the United States and Canada for identification and research. We summarize our findings in guide pages for each order, family, genus, and species. Making New Discoveries More than just a clearinghouse for information, this site helps expand on the natural histories of our subjects. By capturing the place and time that submitted images were taken, we are creating a virtual collection that helps define where and when things might be found. We capture never-before-seen behaviors and we have photos of species that you won't find anywhere else on the web. Join us! Placed by Robert H. Biagi 2 minutes ago in Arthropods (Arthropoda) » Hexapods (Hexapoda) » Insects (Insecta) » Butterflies and Moths (Lepidoptera) » Twirler Moths and kin (Gelechioidea) » Twirler Moths (Gelechiidae) » Gelechiinae » Gelechiini » Chionodes » obscurusella group (Chionodes obscurusella group) » occidentella complex (Chionodes occidentella complex) » Black-smudged Chionodes - Hodges#2093 (Chionodes mediofuscella) Placed by josephfortier 3 minutes ago in Arthropods (Arthropoda) » Hexapods (Hexapoda) » Insects (Insecta) » Ants, Bees, Wasps and Sawflies (Hymenoptera) » "Parasitica" - Parasitoid Wasps » Braconid and Ichneumonid Wasps (Ichneumonoidea) » Braconid Wasps (Braconidae) » Agathidinae Placed by josephfortier 8 minutes ago in Arthropods (Arthropoda) » Hexapods (Hexapoda) » Insects (Insecta) » Ants, Bees, Wasps and Sawflies (Hymenoptera) » "Parasitica" - Parasitoid Wasps » Braconid and Ichneumonid Wasps (Ichneumonoidea) » Braconid Wasps (Braconidae) » Euphorinae Placed by Robert H. Biagi 14 minutes ago in Arthropods (Arthropoda) » Hexapods (Hexapoda) » Insects (Insecta) » Butterflies and Moths (Lepidoptera) » Ribbed Cocoon-maker and Leaf Blotch Miner Moths (Gracillarioidea) » Leaf Blotch Miner Moths (Gracillariidae) » Lithocolletinae » Phyllonorycter Placed by KenW 26 minutes ago in Arthropods (Arthropoda) » Hexapods (Hexapoda) » Insects (Insecta) » Ants, Bees, Wasps and Sawflies (Hymenoptera) » Aculeata - Ants, Bees and Stinging Wasps » Apoidea sans Anthophila – Apoid Wasps » Square-headed Wasps, Sand Wasps, and Allies (Crabronidae) » Bembicinae » Sand Wasps (Bembicini) Placed by Robert H. Biagi 29 minutes ago in Arthropods (Arthropoda) » Hexapods (Hexapoda) » Insects (Insecta) » Butterflies and Moths (Lepidoptera) » Twirler Moths and kin (Gelechioidea) » Casebearer Moths (Coleophoridae) » Coleophorinae » Coleophora » Spatulate and Tubular Leaf Casebearers (Coleophora Spatulate and Tubular Leaf Casebearers) » cf. BOLD JFL290 (Coleophora cf. BOLD JFL290) Placed by Vox Sciurorum 33 minutes ago in Arthropods (Arthropoda) » Hexapods (Hexapoda) » Insects (Insecta) » Flies (Diptera) » Calyptratae » Oestroidea » Parasitic Flies (Tachinidae) » Exoristinae Disclaimer : Dedicated naturalists volunteer their time and resources here to provide this service. We strive to provide accurate information, but we are mostly just amateurs attempting to make sense of a diverse natural world. If you need expert professional advice, contact your local extension office . Contributors own the copyright to and are solely responsible for contributed content. Click the contributor's name for licensing and usage information. Everything else copyright © 2003-2025 Iowa State University, unless otherwise noted. Bugguide is hosted by: Printer Friendly Version Terms of Use Privacy Statement Site Map Contact