Online Banking Made Easy | Join bunq in 5 Minutes Personal Discover bunq For Students For Expats For Couples For Parents Banking Plans bunq Free bunq Core bunq Pro bunq Elite Compare Plans Features Budgeting Credit Cards Crypto Joint Accounts Payments Refer a Friend Savings Account Term Deposits Stocks ATM Withdrawals & Deposits International Bank Accounts & Foreign Currencies Business Discover bunq bunq Business For Freelancers For SMEs For Homeowners Associations Banking Plans bunq Free bunq Core bunq Pro bunq Elite Compare Plans Features Savings Account Credit Cards International Bank Accounts & Foreign Currencies ATM Withdrawals & Deposits Tap to Pay bunq Deals Bill Pay Expense Management Integrations About bunq About Us About Us Sustainability Security Press Jobs bunq Update Help & Support Help Center Blog Report an Issue Contact Us Legal Documents Learning Hub Log in Sign up Personal Discover bunq For Students For Expats For Couples For Parents Banking Plans bunq Free bunq Core bunq Pro bunq Elite Compare Plans Features Budgeting Credit Cards Crypto Joint Accounts Payments Refer a Friend Savings Account Term Deposits Stocks ATM Withdrawals & Deposits International Bank Accounts & Foreign Currencies Business Discover bunq bunq Business For Freelancers For SMEs For Homeowners Associations Banking Plans bunq Free bunq Core bunq Pro bunq Elite Compare Plans Features Savings Account Credit Cards International Bank Accounts & Foreign Currencies ATM Withdrawals & Deposits Tap to Pay bunq Deals Bill Pay Expense Management Integrations About bunq About Us About Us Sustainability Security Press Jobs bunq Update Help & Support Help Center Blog Report an Issue Contact Us Legal Documents Learning Hub Log in Sign up bank of
The Free Mobile banking that makes life easy Sign up in just 5 minutes with only your phone and ID. Try bunq today—your mobile bank on the go. Open a Bank Account bank of
The Free Mobile banking that makes life easy Sign up in just 5 minutes with only your phone and ID. Try bunq today—your mobile bank on the go. Open a Bank Account bank of
The Free Mobile banking that
makes life easy Sign up in just 5 minutes with only your phone and ID. Try bunq today—your mobile bank on the go. Open a Bank Account Finance at your fingertips All you need from an online bank, in 1 app Stay organized with different money pots for budgeting. Notifications and insights show where your money goes. Grow your savings, with up to 2.01% interest—one of the best rates of interest on savings. Buy & sell crypto securely, right where you bank. Control everything yourself, day or night—just like you’d expect from a true mobile bank. Finance at your fingertips All you need from an online bank, in 1 app Stay organized with different money pots for budgeting. Notifications and insights show where your money goes. Grow your savings, with up to 2.01% interest—one of the best rates of interest on savings. Buy & sell crypto securely, right where you bank. Control everything yourself, day or night—just like you’d expect from a true mobile bank. Finance at your fingertips All you need from an online bank, in 1 app Stay organized with different money pots for budgeting. Notifications and insights show where your money goes. Grow your savings, with up to 2.01% interest—one of the best rates of interest on savings. Buy & sell crypto securely, right where you bank. Control everything yourself, day or night—just like you’d expect from a true mobile bank. Discover bunq today, join 20 million worldwide Sign up in just 5 minutes Download the bunq app on your phone. Fill in your name, address, email, and phone number. Verify your ID with a quick video selfie and start banking right away. Open Bank Account Open Bank Account Discover bunq today, join 20 million worldwide Sign up in just 5 minutes Download the bunq app on your phone. Fill in your name, address, email, and phone number. Verify your ID with a quick video selfie and start banking right away. Open Bank Account Open Bank Account Discover bunq today, join 20 million worldwide Sign up in just 5 minutes Download the bunq app on your phone. Fill in your name, address, email, and phone number. Verify your ID with a quick video selfie and start banking right away. Open Bank Account Open Bank Account Finally, simple banking that just fits daily life Forget baffling jargon or waiting for your bank's permission. Discover easy-to-use features that let you manage your money at your own pace. Finally, simple banking that just fits daily life Forget baffling jargon or waiting for your bank's permission. Discover easy-to-use features that let you manage your money at your own pace. Finally, simple banking that just fits daily life Forget baffling jargon or waiting for your bank's permission. Discover easy-to-use features that let you manage your money at your own pace. Tap to tidy up your money Organize your finances and budget as you like, with dedicated money pots. Create as many as you want! Each has its own IBAN to transfer money, set up direct debits or link to your bunq card. Discover Bank Accounts Tap to tidy up your money Organize your finances and budget as you like, with dedicated money pots. Create as many as you want! Each has its own IBAN to transfer money, set up direct debits or link to your bunq card. Discover Bank Accounts Tap to tidy up your money Organize your finances and budget as you like, with dedicated money pots. Create as many as you want! Each has its own IBAN to transfer money, set up direct debits or link to your bunq card. Discover Bank Accounts Cards that simply work Right when you start, you'll have a Digital Credit Card that you can use with Apple Pay or Google Pay. For Easy Budgeting, link your card and pay from any of your Bank Accounts. Your Physical Card can have your own design, to make it uniquely yours. Discover Apple Pay Discover Google Pay Cards that simply work Right when you start, you'll have a Digital Credit Card that you can use with Apple Pay or Google Pay. For Easy Budgeting, link your card and pay from any of your Bank Accounts. Your Physical Card can have your own design, to make it uniquely yours. Discover Apple Pay Discover Google Pay Cards that simply work Right when you start, you'll have a Digital Credit Card that you can use with Apple Pay or Google Pay. For Easy Budgeting, link your card and pay from any of your Bank Accounts. Your Physical Card can have your own design, to make it uniquely yours. Discover Apple Pay Discover Google Pay Earn as you spend Get the best currency exchange rates with ZeroFX, and rack up bunq Points to unlock exclusive rewards. Just use your bunq card and watch the extra value add up! Learn more Earn as you spend Get the best currency exchange rates with ZeroFX, and rack up bunq Points to unlock exclusive rewards. Just use your bunq card and watch the extra value add up! Learn more Earn as you spend Get the best currency exchange rates with ZeroFX, and rack up bunq Points to unlock exclusive rewards. Just use your bunq card and watch the extra value add up! Learn more Buy & sell crypto, right where you bank Get started with crypto directly from your bunq app. Choose from top cryptocurrencies—buying and selling takes just a tap. Your transactions are protected with two-factor authentication and encryption. Discover Crypto Buy & sell crypto, right where you bank Get started with crypto directly from your bunq app. Choose from top cryptocurrencies—buying and selling takes just a tap. Your transactions are protected with two-factor authentication and encryption. Discover Crypto Buy & sell crypto, right where you bank Get started with crypto directly from your bunq app. Choose from top cryptocurrencies—buying and selling takes just a tap. Your transactions are protected with two-factor authentication and encryption. Discover Crypto The easiest way to invest in Stocks You don't need to install separate trading apps or go through endless paperwork to get started. Grow your wealth simple and stress-free. Everything you need to get started is in one place—with your truly mobile bank. Discover Stocks The easiest way to invest in Stocks You don't need to install separate trading apps or go through endless paperwork to get started. Grow your wealth simple and stress-free. Everything you need to get started is in one place—with your truly mobile bank. Discover Stocks The easiest way to invest in Stocks You don't need to install separate trading apps or go through endless paperwork to get started. Grow your wealth simple and stress-free. Everything you need to get started is in one place—with your truly mobile bank. Discover Stocks Travel worry free Install an eSIM directly from the bunq app and top it up anytime—even without a connection. Plus, save up to 90% on roaming costs. With bunq Elite, get 8GB of free global data every year and be automatically protected on all your trips with included Travel Insurance*. * Terms & Conditions apply Learn more Travel worry free Install an eSIM directly from the bunq app and top it up anytime—even without a connection. Plus, save up to 90% on roaming costs. With bunq Elite, get 8GB of free global data every year and be automatically protected on all your trips with included Travel Insurance*. * Terms & Conditions apply Learn more Travel worry free Install an eSIM directly from the bunq app and top it up anytime—even without a connection. Plus, save up to 90% on roaming costs. With bunq Elite, get 8GB of free global data every year and be automatically protected on all your trips with included Travel Insurance*. * Terms & Conditions apply Learn more Effortlessly grow your savings Enjoy high interest rates*, up to 50% higher than you'll get at traditional banks. Your interest is paid out weekly, so with compound interest you'll earn even more interest over time! To reach your savings goals even faster, round up your payments with Auto Round Up—smarter way to grow your savings. * Terms & Conditions apply Discover Savings Accounts Effortlessly grow your savings Enjoy high interest rates*, up to 50% higher than you'll get at traditional banks. Your interest is paid out weekly, so with compound interest you'll earn even more interest over time! To reach your savings goals even faster, round up your payments with Auto Round Up—smarter way to grow your savings. * Terms & Conditions apply Discover Savings Accounts Effortlessly grow your savings Enjoy high interest rates*, up to 50% higher than you'll get at traditional banks. Your interest is paid out weekly, so with compound interest you'll earn even more interest over time! To reach your savings goals even faster, round up your payments with Auto Round Up—smarter way to grow your savings. * Terms & Conditions apply Discover Savings Accounts Lock in a guaranteed interest rate Earn up to 2.11% annual interest on your savings. Set your money aside and enjoy a guaranteed rate for the term you choose. Discover Term Deposits Lock in a guaranteed interest rate Earn up to 2.11% annual interest on your savings. Set your money aside and enjoy a guaranteed rate for the term you choose. Discover Term Deposits Lock in a guaranteed interest rate Earn up to 2.11% annual interest on your savings. Set your money aside and enjoy a guaranteed rate for the term you choose. Discover Term Deposits Choose where we store your deposits Unlike traditional banks, bunq puts you in control. We're the only bank that lets you decide where your deposits are invested. We invest ethically, and you choose the industries that align with your values in the app. This way, your money supports a more sustainable economy—one that reflects your personal vision for a better future. Learn more Choose where we store your deposits Unlike traditional banks, bunq puts you in control. We're the only bank that lets you decide where your deposits are invested. We invest ethically, and you choose the industries that align with your values in the app. This way, your money supports a more sustainable economy—one that reflects your personal vision for a better future. Learn more Choose where we store your deposits Unlike traditional banks, bunq puts you in control. We're the only bank that lets you decide where your deposits are invested. We invest ethically, and you choose the industries that align with your values in the app. This way, your money supports a more sustainable economy—one that reflects your personal vision for a better future. Learn more Offset your CO2 Spend with your bunq card and earn trees as you go. With veritree, each tree you earn is planted at the right time, in the right place, and carefully tracked as it grows. View the positive impact of your trees over time in the bunq app. It's an easy, transparent way to contribute to a sustainable planet with every purchase. Learn more Offset your CO2 Spend with your bunq card and earn trees as you go. With veritree, each tree you earn is planted at the right time, in the right place, and carefully tracked as it grows. View the positive impact of your trees over time in the bunq app. It's an easy, transparent way to contribute to a sustainable planet with every purchase. Learn more Offset your CO2 Spend with your bunq card and earn trees as you go. With veritree, each tree you earn is planted at the right time, in the right place, and carefully tracked as it grows. View the positive impact of your trees over time in the bunq app. It's an easy, transparent way to contribute to a sustainable planet with every purchase. Learn more Trusted by millions of users Join over 20 million users on the bunq platform Insured up to €100,000 Your money is protected by the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS). Card Payment Refunds Your money is protected if something doesn't go as planned. Instant Payments Send and receive money instantly, no waiting. 24/7 support Instant help in your language, whenever you need it. Trusted by millions of users Join over 20 million users on the bunq platform Insured up to €100,000 Your money is protected by the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS). Card Payment Refunds Your money is protected if something doesn't go as planned. Instant Payments Send and receive money instantly, no waiting. 24/7 support Instant help in your language, whenever you need it. Trusted by millions of users Join over 20 million users on the bunq platform Insured up to €100,000 Your money is protected by the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS). Card Payment Refunds Your money is protected if something doesn't go as planned. Instant Payments Send and receive money instantly, no waiting. 24/7 support Instant help in your language, whenever you need it. Choose your plan Try it free for 30 days, no strings attached. Personal Business bunq Free Free The essentials to get you started. Learn more bunq Core €3.99/month The bank account for everyday use. Learn more bunq Pro €9.99/month The bank account that makes budgeting easy. Learn more bunq Elite €18.99/month The bank account designed for your international lifestyle. Learn more See full plan comparison View complete pricing details Choose your plan Try it free for 30 days, no strings attached. Personal Business bunq Free Free The essentials to get you started. Learn more bunq Core €3.99/month The bank account for everyday use. Learn more bunq Pro €9.99/month The bank account that makes budgeting easy. Learn more bunq Elite €18.99/month The bank account designed for your international lifestyle. Learn more See full plan comparison View complete pricing details Choose your plan Try it free for 30 days, no strings attached. Personal Business bunq Free Free The essentials to get you started. Learn more bunq Core €3.99/month The bank account for everyday use. Learn more bunq Pro €9.99/month The bank account that makes budgeting easy. Learn more bunq Elite €18.99/month The bank account designed for your international lifestyle. Learn more See full plan comparison View complete pricing details Frequently Asked Questions What is bunq? bunq is the ultimate digital bank designed to eliminate the hassle of managing money. From effortless saving and budgeting to travel focused features, bunq empowers you to focus on what truly matters. bunq is the ultimate digital bank designed to eliminate the hassle of managing money. From effortless saving and budgeting to travel focused features, bunq empowers you to focus on what truly matters. Is bunq a Dutch bank? Yes! bunq is proudly headquartered in The Netherlands, making it one of Europe's innovative digital banks. What makes bunq a secure bank? At bunq, your money is completely secure and protected under the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS), which covers deposits up to €100,000. We leverage cutting-edge technology to keep your financial data safe, ensuring a seamless and secure banking experience. What is the best account for me? bunq offers four plans tailored to your needs—bunq Free, bunq Core, bunq Pro, and bunq Elite. We provide features for both personal and business use, allowing you to choose what suits you best. Check out our comprehensive plan comparison to find your perfect fit! How many accounts can you have at bunq? With bunq Pro and bunq Elite plans, you can open and manage up to 25 personal accounts. Whether you want to organize your finances or separate your savings, bunq makes banking and budgeting simple and efficient. Frequently Asked Questions What is bunq? bunq is the ultimate digital bank designed to eliminate the hassle of managing money. From effortless saving and budgeting to travel focused features, bunq empowers you to focus on what truly matters. bunq is the ultimate digital bank designed to eliminate the hassle of managing money. From effortless saving and budgeting to travel focused features, bunq empowers you to focus on what truly matters. Is bunq a Dutch bank? Yes! bunq is proudly headquartered in The Netherlands, making it one of Europe's innovative digital banks. What makes bunq a secure bank? At bunq, your money is completely secure and protected under the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS), which covers deposits up to €100,000. We leverage cutting-edge technology to keep your financial data safe, ensuring a seamless and secure banking experience. What is the best account for me? bunq offers four plans tailored to your needs—bunq Free, bunq Core, bunq Pro, and bunq Elite. We provide features for both personal and business use, allowing you to choose what suits you best. Check out our comprehensive plan comparison to find your perfect fit! How many accounts can you have at bunq? With bunq Pro and bunq Elite plans, you can open and manage up to 25 personal accounts. Whether you want to organize your finances or separate your savings, bunq makes banking and budgeting simple and efficient. Frequently Asked Questions What is bunq? bunq is the ultimate digital bank designed to eliminate the hassle of managing money. From effortless saving and budgeting to travel focused features, bunq empowers you to focus on what truly matters. bunq is the ultimate digital bank designed to eliminate the hassle of managing money. From effortless saving and budgeting to travel focused features, bunq empowers you to focus on what truly matters. Is bunq a Dutch bank? Yes! bunq is proudly headquartered in The Netherlands, making it one of Europe's innovative digital banks. What makes bunq a secure bank? At bunq, your money is completely secure and protected under the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS), which covers deposits up to €100,000. We leverage cutting-edge technology to keep your financial data safe, ensuring a seamless and secure banking experience. What is the best account for me? bunq offers four plans tailored to your needs—bunq Free, bunq Core, bunq Pro, and bunq Elite. We provide features for both personal and business use, allowing you to choose what suits you best. Check out our comprehensive plan comparison to find your perfect fit! How many accounts can you have at bunq? With bunq Pro and bunq Elite plans, you can open and manage up to 25 personal accounts. Whether you want to organize your finances or separate your savings, bunq makes banking and budgeting simple and efficient. Open your Bank Account in 5 minutes Get started now, with just your phone and ID. Get started Open your Bank Account in 5 minutes Get started now, with just your phone and ID. Get started Open your Bank Account in 5 minutes Get started now, with just your phone and ID. Get started bunq Update 30 is here! Discover all the latest features and get it now. bunq Update 30 is here! Discover all the latest features and get it now. bunq Update 30 is here! Discover all the latest features and get it now. Personal Accounts Discover bunq For Expats For Couples For Parents For Students For Savings Payment Cards Crypto Banking Plans bunq Free bunq Core bunq Pro bunq Elite Compare Plans Business Accounts Discover bunq Business bunq Business Expense Management Business Savings Business Cards Business Integrations Business Automation Banking Plans bunq Free Business bunq Core Business bunq Pro Business bunq Elite Business Compare Plans Company About Us Imprint Security Sustainability Reforestation Blog Learning Hub Reviews Press Jobs Mortgages tricount bunq Update Help Help Center Report an Issue Contact Us Legal Documents Pricing Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Glossary of Terms Developers System Status © 2025 bunq Cookie Settings Site Map Select Language English (EU) English (EU) Personal Accounts Discover bunq For Expats For Couples For Parents For Students For Savings Payment Cards Crypto Banking Plans bunq Free bunq Core bunq Pro bunq Elite Compare Plans Business Accounts Discover bunq Business bunq Business Expense Management Business Savings Business Cards Business Integrations Business Automation Banking Plans bunq Free Business bunq Core Business bunq Pro Business bunq Elite Business Compare Plans Company About Us Imprint Security Sustainability Reforestation Blog Learning Hub Reviews Press Jobs Mortgages tricount bunq Update Help Help Center Report an Issue Contact Us Legal Documents Pricing Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Glossary of Terms Developers System Status © 2025 bunq Cookie Settings Site Map Select Language English (EU) English (EU) Personal Accounts Discover bunq For Expats For Couples For Parents For Students For Savings Payment Cards Crypto Banking Plans bunq Free bunq Core bunq Pro bunq Elite Compare Plans Business Accounts Discover bunq Business bunq Business Expense Management Business Savings Business Cards Business Integrations Business Automation Banking Plans bunq Free Business bunq Core Business bunq Pro Business bunq Elite Business Compare Plans Company About Us Imprint Security Sustainability Reforestation Blog Learning Hub Reviews Press Jobs Mortgages tricount bunq Update Help Help Center Report an Issue Contact Us Legal Documents Pricing Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Glossary of Terms Developers System Status © 2025 bunq Cookie Settings Site Map Select Language English (EU) English (EU)