Bupa Private Health Insurance & Care | Bupa Skip to content Skip to footer Skip to chat Explore health insurance options Enter some basic information below to view a range of Health Insurance products, including services and extras. Explore Bupa’s services We've been named Canstar's Outstanding Value Health Insurance four years running! Current offers Bupa makes switching easy Get a quote # Offer available online and in-store from 24 November 2025 – 15 January 2026 on selected Alcon, Bausch & Lomb, Johnson & Johnson lenses and CooperVision. Required purchase of 9 months’ supply of contact lenses in one order for both eyes. Offer not available in conjunction with any other offer or discount, excluding Bupa health insurance member discounts and private health insurance benefits (if applicable). Health insurance benefits subject to level of cover, fund and policy rules, waiting periods and yearly limits. Offer subject to availability. A current prescription (less than 12 months old) will be required for all contact lens orders. Offer not available to goods supplied pursuant to any agreement between Bupa and any Commonwealth government or associated entity. Bupa Optical Pty Ltd ABN 24 126 819 154 ** You can receive 100% back on dental check-up and cleans (select dental items only) once every 6 months at Members First Ultimate Providers. Waiting periods, service restrictions (clinical reasonability rules), policy and fund rules apply. Excludes orthodontics and in-hospital treatments. Available on all eligible extras products which includes General Dental (excluding FLEXtras and Your Choice Extras 60 where General Dental is not included). If you choose or require any additional dental services, any health insurance benefits will also be subject to your yearly limits. ^ General dental fillings at Members First Ultimate providers: Select direct restoration and general fillings only. Benefit claiming restrictions, waiting periods, yearly limits, fund and policy rules apply. Available on all Extras products with general dental at Members First Ultimate providers. Not available in all areas. ^^ Benefits on selected extras services at Members First providers: Percentage back may vary depending on your level of cover, and benefit claiming restrictions. For most services at our Members First providers covering dental, physiotherapy, chiropractic and podiatry consultations. Bupa has Members First providers for these services. Not available in all areas. Waiting periods, yearly limits, policy and fund rules apply. Applies to included services only. # Bupa-recognised provider network for Freedom covers: Extras service providers must meet certain requirements to be recognised by Bupa and for us to pay towards the cost of your treatment. Waiting periods, yearly limits, policy and fund rules apply. Percentage back may vary depending on benefit claiming restrictions. § Members First network benefits: Percentage back may vary depending on your level of cover, and benefit claiming restrictions. For most services at our Members First providers covering dental, physiotherapy, chiropractic and podiatry consultations. Bupa has Members First providers for these services. Not available in all areas. Waiting periods, yearly limits, policy and fund rules apply. Applies to included services only. §§ Bupa-recognised provider network for Corporate Choice covers: Extras service providers must meet certain requirements to be recognised by Bupa and for us to pay towards the cost of your treatment. Waiting periods, yearly limits, policy and fund rules apply. Restrictions may apply on your policy which are limited benefits for certain services. ₵ FLEXtras: Choose either four or six extras services. The 50% or 60% claim back is available at any Bupa recognised provider and is subject to yearly limits. ₵₵ Flexible limit on Corporate Choice covers: At Bupa-recognised providers, up to yearly limits. Waiting periods, benefit claiming restrictions, fund and policy rules apply. Excludes optical. † Uncapped emergency ambulance: If claimable from another source, a benefit won’t be paid by Bupa. Benefits for ambulance transportation is only payable where the provider describes the transportation as an ‘Emergency’. For more, see the Important Information Guide. There is a 1 day waiting period for emergency ambulance and on-the-spot treatment. †† Air ambulance services and on-the-spot treatment: Some air services and treatments at Bupa recognised providers only. Royal Flying Doctor Services not included. Check with us what you’re covered for and where. ## Non-emergency ambulance trips: If claimable from another source, a benefit won’t be paid by Bupa. For more, see the Important Information Guide. There is a 1-day waiting period for emergency ambulance and on-the-spot treatment and a 1-month waiting period for non-emergency transportation. ¥ Private rooms at a Members First hospital: Subject to availability and eligibility. Private room must be booked and requested at least 24 hours before admission. For every night a private room is unavailable, you’ll receive $50 back per night from the hospital. Applies to overnight admissions only. Excludes nursing home type patients, emergency care, same-day stays or where a private room is not medically appropriate. Not available in the NT. Any co-payment excess as part of your cover will still apply. ** Extras benefits Essential Lite with Freedom 50: Waiting periods, yearly limits, fund and policy rules apply. Limits also apply to how often you can get a service, based on usual clinical practice. Extras service providers must meet certain requirements to be recognised by Bupa and for us to pay towards the cost of your treatment. Before you book a treatment or service, it’s a good idea to check with us so we can confirm whether we recognise the provider you’re planning to visit. Members First Platinum (pay nothing for dental check-ups) and Gap Free for Kids not available. ¥¥ Optical benefits: Up to 100% back at any Bupa-recognised optical provider. Extras service providers must meet certain requirements to be recognised by Bupa and for us to pay towards the cost of your treatment. Some items are not covered when purchased online. Selected lens options and consumables are not covered. Optical Coverage not included on Corporate Choice 50. Up to yearly limits. Waiting periods, fund and policy rules apply