Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Individuals & families
Business
Intermediaries
Healthcare professionals
Find a healthcare professional or service
Help & support
Contact us
Search Bupa
Sign in
Health Insurance
Health subscriptions
Dental
Care homes
Pay as you go
Health Information
Private healthcare
Your wellbeing, on your terms. This is health.

Dental care for healthier, happier smiles
You don't need health insurance to visit a Bupa dentist. With over 360 dental practices across the UK and multiple ways to pay, there are even more reasons to smile.

 Find a dentist
What can we help you with today?
Health Insurance

Feel confident building health insurance around your budget. Get flexible insurance to cover you, your partner and family members.

What is health insurance?

What does health insurance cost?

Get an insurance quote 
Health subscriptions

Fast, affordable healthcare. Choose from two subscriptions and access remote GPs, mental health support, physios and more.

Bupa Well+ Bronze

Bupa Well+ Silver

Health subscriptions 
Pay as you go healthcare

No insurance, no problem. Get quick and easy access to our range of healthcare services. Just pay for what you need.

Book a health assessment

Book a private GP appointment

Pay as you go services 
Dental services

Looking after your teeth and gums makes for a healthy body and mind. Find a dentist, book online, explore payment options, get business dental insurance or make a claim.

Find a Bupa dentist

Dental insurance

More on Bupa dental 
Care homes

It's more than choosing a care home... it's emotional support, having your needs met, and a good quality of life.

What type of care do I need?

Care home costs

More on Bupa care services 
Free health information

The more you know, the more you can do. Explore our library of conditions, treatment and healthy living.

A-Z of conditions and treatments

Visit our health blog

Find information on health 

Blua. This is digital health

Remote appointments

Fast access to a GP when it suits you.

Physiotherapy

Online sessions for added flexibility

Fitness

On-demand exercise at your fingertips

Explore digital health 
Supporting your health
Health insurance with in-person GP appointments

From health insurance to doctors appointments, we’ve got you covered

Get access to 15-minute in-person GP appointments at Bupa health centres for everyone covered by your policy, including children. You won’t need to pay any excess if you use the face-to-face service and it won’t affect your no claims discount.

Health insurance with GP cover 
Get two months free with small business health insurance

With us by your side, your people are covered from diagnosis to treatment

Show your team you mean business and lock in two months free. For new customers only who purchase directly from Bupa and pay by monthly Direct Debit only. Offer ends 31 December 2025. T&Cs apply.

Two months free for small businesses 
Bupa in partnership with Prostate Cancer UK

Know your risk with prostate cancer screenings

We’re giving £100,000 to Prostate Cancer UK. This donation will help to raise awareness of prostate cancer, support men and their families, and fund research that could save lives.

Book a cancer screening 
Health isn’t counting the years, it’s living them in our care homes

It doesn’t matter if you’re 65 or 105 – you’re still you.

We believe it is never too late to explore new things, meet new friends, discover hidden talents or enjoy every moment of the things you love the most.

More on care homes 
Your routine for a healthier, happier smile

Start your dental payment plan today

Keep on top of your dental health with a monthly payment plan for year-round routine care. Spread the cost of check-ups and hygiene appointments and save on additional treatments and services.

More on Bupa Smile Plan 
The mental health arena

You don’t need a stadium to show strength

Gold medallist, Hollie Arnold opens up about her mental health journey alongside mum Jill, and shares her experience of both having and being a support system.

More on mental health in sports 



Keep it simple with a digital account

Get easy access to our apps and online services with a single, secure account. It’s all your healthcare and benefits with just one set of sign in details.

More about your digital account

Your health in your hands

Health is so many things, it’s a lot to keep on top of. Our health articles are here to provide information, guidance and advice.

How to keep an endometriosis pain and symptom diary

If you suspect you may have endometriosis, a symptom and pain diary may help you seek the right treatment. We explore how to keep a diary and what to do with your results.

Endometriosis pain and symptom diaries 
Living with endometriosis: Michelle Ackerley

TV and radio presenter Michelle Ackerley talks about her journey with endometriosis and shares her advice for managing the condition.

Living with endometriosis 
Fertility and endometriosis

Having endometriosis can mean you're more likely to have difficulties getting pregnant. In our article, our Clinical Lead for Women's health Dr Sam Wild, aims to answer common questions about endometriosis, fertility and pregnancy.

Fertility and endometriosis 




‡ Add more than one child under 20 years old to your policy and you’ll only pay for the eldest child, no matter how many more children you add. Children aged 20 or over cannot receive free cover or count as an ‘eldest child’ for this offer. Cover must include at least two children aged 19 or under. You’ll still receive our 10% family discount if you have free child cover. Children do not have to live at the same address as the main member. This offer applies to our Comprehensive and Treatment and Care policies. We may remove or change these offers when you renew. See full Terms and Conditions (PDF, 0.05MB).

Bupa health insurance is provided by Bupa Insurance Limited. Registered in England and Wales with registration number 3956433. Bupa Insurance Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Arranged and administered by Bupa Insurance Services Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England and Wales with registration number 3829851. Registered office: 1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ.

Health
Health insurance
Health cash plans
Health assessments
Pay as you go healthcare
Bupa Centres
Dental
Bupa Dental Care
Book an appointment
Patient portal
Treatments
Dental services
Symptoms
Emergency dentist
Ways to pay
Dental insurance
Mental health
Advice and tools
Conditions we support
Family mental health support
Mental health information
Care homes
Where do I start?
What type of care do I need?
Life in a Bupa Care Home
Funding for care
Customer Care Team
News and events
Find a care home
Resident Terms & Conditions (PDF, 1.2MB)
Care home costs
Health information
A-Z
Health Topics
Health Blog
Cancer
Dementia
Mental health
About Bupa
Pension scheme documents
Fraud prevention
Financial information 
Bupa Newsroom 
Cancer promise
Our leaders
Careers 
Wellbeing Index
ParalympicsGB sponsorship
JAAQ
My Bupa
What is My Bupa?
Sign in or create account
 Member help and support
     
Careers
Privacy and cookies
Sitemap
Accessibility
Legal notices
Data tips
Modern slavery statement
Scam Awareness
© Bupa 2025
Talk to us
Cookies help us provide you with the best experience
We use cookies to analyse our website performance to improve and customise content and for advertising purposes. You can accept or reject our cookies and you can find out more about the cookies we use and what we use them for by clicking ‘Cookies settings’.
Cookie settings
Reject cookies
Accept cookies