The Business of Fashion Skip to main content Join BoF Professional Newsletters News & Analysis Data & Advisory Case Studies Jobs Events People Companies Visit BoF Careers The Business of Fashion SEARCH News & Analysis Latest Professional Exclusives The News in Brief Topics Retail Luxury Beauty Sports Sustainability Marketing Technology Global Markets Fashion Week Workplace & Talent Direct-to-Consumer Media Entrepreneurship Financial Markets China More Newsletters Case Studies Masterclasses Special Editions Opinions Podcasts Video Events The State of Fashion Careers Find a Job Post a Job Read Careers Advice Community BoF 500 VOICES Companies Subscribe Newsletters BoF Professional BoF Careers BoF Insights BoF Events About Us About Us What We Do Our Journalism Who We Are Work With Us Imran Amed Contact Us Retail Luxury Beauty Sports Sustainability Marketing Technology Global Markets Fashion Week Workplace & Talent The Best of BoF 2025: Technology TODAY'S MUST READ Artificial intelligence made its presence felt across the industry, influencing how consumers shop, how brands create content and how fashion businesses operate behind the scenes. The Best of BoF 2025: Technology TODAY'S MUST READ Artificial intelligence made its presence felt across the industry, influencing how consumers shop, how brands create content and how fashion businesses operate behind the scenes. The Best of BoF 2025: A Tough Year for Luxury High-end brands struggled to shake the gloom, with no sign of a rebound in view. Yet bright patches have emerged, with fresh energy from creative revamps, investor confidence in Kering’s new CEO and outperformance of labels like Hermes, Brunello Cucinelli and Prada. The Best of BoF 2025: The Year of the Shakeup From generative AI threatening creative roles to leadership churn and the rapid rollback of DEI, for better or worse, 2025 marked a reset for fashion’s workplace. ADVERTISEMENT Inside Toolio’s Vision for the Future of Retail Planning Cloud-based merchandising platform Toolio provides fashion retailers with an AI-powered technology to optimise forecast planning and overcome excess inventory. BoF sits down with CEO Eytan Daniyalzade to learn more. 03 December 2025 Inside Toolio’s Vision for the Future of Retail Planning Cloud-based merchandising platform Toolio provides fashion retailers with an AI-powered technology to optimise forecast planning and overcome excess inventory. BoF sits down with CEO Eytan Daniyalzade to learn more. 03 December 2025 results-list-block.see-more-button-aria-label Load more Latest News & Analysis Beauty The Best of BoF 2025: Setting the Tone Beauty marketing was a mixed back this year, as brands and retailers asserted themselves among rabid Gen Alpha shoppers, tackled new AI search engines and tried to remain relevant in the most competitive market of all time. 31 December 2025 Beauty The Best of BoF 2025: Setting the Tone Beauty marketing was a mixed back this year, as brands and retailers asserted themselves among rabid Gen Alpha shoppers, tackled new AI search engines and tried to remain relevant in the most competitive market of all time. 31 December 2025 Luxury The Best of BoF 2025: A Tough Year for Luxury High-end brands struggled to shake the gloom, with no sign of a rebound in view. Yet bright patches have emerged, with fresh energy from creative revamps, investor confidence in Kering’s new CEO and outperformance of labels like Hermes, Brunello Cucinelli and Prada. 30 December 2025 Luxury The Best of BoF 2025: A Tough Year for Luxury High-end brands struggled to shake the gloom, with no sign of a rebound in view. Yet bright patches have emerged, with fresh energy from creative revamps, investor confidence in Kering’s new CEO and outperformance of labels like Hermes, Brunello Cucinelli and Prada. 30 December 2025 Technology The Best of BoF 2025: Technology Artificial intelligence made its presence felt across the industry, influencing how consumers shop, how brands create content and how fashion businesses operate behind the scenes. 30 December 2025 Technology The Best of BoF 2025: Technology Artificial intelligence made its presence felt across the industry, influencing how consumers shop, how brands create content and how fashion businesses operate behind the scenes. 30 December 2025 Beauty The Best of BoF 2025: An Omnichannel World As retailers big and small fight on the global stage for share of the beauty market, brands are increasingly spreading themselves across channels — e-commerce, live selling and even AI platforms — to better meet customers where they are. 30 December 2025 Beauty The Best of BoF 2025: An Omnichannel World As retailers big and small fight on the global stage for share of the beauty market, brands are increasingly spreading themselves across channels — e-commerce, live selling and even AI platforms — to better meet customers where they are. 30 December 2025 results-list-block.see-more-button-aria-label Load more ADVERTISEMENT Workplace & Talent The Best of BoF 2025: The Year of the Shakeup From generative AI threatening creative roles to leadership churn and the rapid rollback of DEI, for better or worse, 2025 marked a reset for fashion’s workplace. 30 December 2025 Workplace & Talent The Best of BoF 2025: The Year of the Shakeup From generative AI threatening creative roles to leadership churn and the rapid rollback of DEI, for better or worse, 2025 marked a reset for fashion’s workplace. 30 December 2025 Beauty The Best of BoF 2025: The New Food Chain Beauty’s biggest companies have seen their growth moderate, while a flurry of M&A activity and consolidation has begun to shift the playing field. 29 December 2025 Beauty The Best of BoF 2025: The New Food Chain Beauty’s biggest companies have seen their growth moderate, while a flurry of M&A activity and consolidation has begun to shift the playing field. 29 December 2025 Luxury Brigitte Bardot, Icon of French Cinema and Style, Has Died The actress and international sex symbol of the 50s and 60s became a style icon for her tousled hair, smoky eye and Riviera chic looks, contributing to the ‘French girl’ aesthetic marketed around the world. 28 December 2025 Luxury Brigitte Bardot, Icon of French Cinema and Style, Has Died The actress and international sex symbol of the 50s and 60s became a style icon for her tousled hair, smoky eye and Riviera chic looks, contributing to the ‘French girl’ aesthetic marketed around the world. 28 December 2025 Retail Shoppers Shun UK High Streets Despite Lure of Boxing Day Sales Central London recorded a 7.7 percent decline in visitors compared with a year earlier. 26 December 2025 Retail Shoppers Shun UK High Streets Despite Lure of Boxing Day Sales Central London recorded a 7.7 percent decline in visitors compared with a year earlier. 26 December 2025 results-list-block.see-more-button-aria-label Load more ADVERTISEMENT Retail The Best of BoF 2025: Chaos, Tariffs — and Opportunity Tariffs, bankruptcies and a botched department store merger exposed deep fault lines across the industry, but amid the turmoil, nimble brands and retailers found ways to gain ground. 26 December 2025 Retail The Best of BoF 2025: Chaos, Tariffs — and Opportunity Tariffs, bankruptcies and a botched department store merger exposed deep fault lines across the industry, but amid the turmoil, nimble brands and retailers found ways to gain ground. 26 December 2025 Marketing The Best of BoF 2025: Standing Out Amid Sameness In 2025, fashion marketers worked with unexpected campaign stars, tested new forms of messaging and more in order capture consumer attention — with mixed results. 26 December 2025 Marketing The Best of BoF 2025: Standing Out Amid Sameness In 2025, fashion marketers worked with unexpected campaign stars, tested new forms of messaging and more in order capture consumer attention — with mixed results. 26 December 2025 Sustainability The Best of BoF 2025: Luxury Scandals and the Retreat of ‘Sustainable Fashion’ Between top luxury players being linked to sweatshops and brands walking away from overt sustainability messaging, fashion seemed to backslide on both the social and environmental fronts in 2025. 26 December 2025 Sustainability The Best of BoF 2025: Luxury Scandals and the Retreat of ‘Sustainable Fashion’ Between top luxury players being linked to sweatshops and brands walking away from overt sustainability messaging, fashion seemed to backslide on both the social and environmental fronts in 2025. 26 December 2025 Beauty The Best of BoF 2025: The Next Big Beauty Boom? Skinified routines and premium stylers drove most of the category's growth in 2025, as consumers became more value conscious in their hair care purchases overall. 26 December 2025 Beauty The Best of BoF 2025: The Next Big Beauty Boom? Skinified routines and premium stylers drove most of the category's growth in 2025, as consumers became more value conscious in their hair care purchases overall. 26 December 2025 results-list-block.see-more-button-aria-label Load more The News in Brief LK Bennett Files to Appoint Administrators The fashion brand appears to be heading for collapse for the second time in six years after filing an application with the high court on Tuesday to appoint an administrator to the business. 30 December 2025 China Unveils Initial $9 Billion in Consumer Subsidies for 2026 China will provide nearly $9 billion to subsidise its consumer goods trade-in drive next year, extending a stimulus program aimed at shoring up domestic demand and countering external headwinds. 30 December 2025 Fast Fashion, Delivery Apps Tap India’s Next Billion Consumers Cheap data, new logistics and mobile-first platforms are expanding consumption far beyond India’s urban elite. 30 December 2025 Lululemon Founder Nominates Three New Board Candidates The athletic brand’s founder Chip Wilson is pushing for changes to the board before the company selects a new chief executive officer. 29 December 2025 Anastasia Beverly Hills Owner Injects $225 Million Into Brand Anastasia Soare invested her own money into Anastasia Beverly Hills after private equity firm TPG cut its stake in the brand. 24 December 2025 view more MOST POPULAR 1 How to Market a Hero Product 2 How Luxury Brands Aim to Keep the 2% Coming Back for More 3 Break Out Your Brushes, Eyeshadow Is Back 4 Pat McGrath Labs Puts Assets Up for Sale 5 Exclusive: Helmut Lang on Helmut Lang 6 Fashion’s Hottest New Sales Strategy Is One of Its Oldest 7 Generative AI Is Revolutionising Virtual Try-On. Will Shoppers Use It? 8 Can the Multibrand Fiasco Be Salvaged in 2026? 9 Zara Turns to AI to Generate Fashion Imagery Using Real-Life Models 10 What’s Next for Moon Juice The Business of Beauty In-depth analysis, news and advice for beauty and wellness professionals around the world. Full Coverage: Can Tina Craig’s U Beauty Crack Luxury Beauty?; An Anastasia Beverly Hills Update This week, I’m thinking about creators-turned-founders, a high-glam makeup brand’s money problems and Sue Nabi’s potential departure. The Best of BoF 2025: Innovation is King Skincare brands are finding post-pandemic growth more elusive, as customers whittle down their routines and seek out expert-backed brands. Analysis In Beauty, Private Equity Is Hot Again Analysis Analysis Break Out Your Brushes, Eyeshadow Is Back Analysis Case Study Case Study | The Art & Science of World-Building Case Study Analysis What’s Next for Moon Juice Analysis Podcast The BoF Podcast | Hailey Bieber on Building Rhode into a Billion-Dollar Beauty Brand Podcast BoF Careers The global marketplace and career advice platform connecting professionals in fashion, beauty and luxury. Find a job in top fashion companies Find a job in top fashion companies VIEW LATEST JOBS What Fashion and Beauty Professionals Want From Employers BoF Careers examines how employers must adapt in order to attract, engage and retain a multigenerational workforce, based on a global survey of more than 1000 professionals. Download the full report. How I Became... Fashion Designer David Koma The London-based fashion designer founded his namesake brand upon graduation from Central Saint Martins. Now, he shares his career advice from his 15 years in fashion, running his label and working as the creative director at Mugler and, more recently, Blumarine. Partner Content Inside the Creative Team Crafting COS’ Collections The fashion brand is championing a collaborative, cross-functional approach to elevate every collection. BoF speaks with three COS employees to learn more. BoF Insights BoF Insights brings together the analytical rigour of a strategy consultancy with the cultural intuition of a creative agency. Learn more Explore more THOUGHT LEADERSHIP The State of Fashion 2026: When the Rules Change The 10th annual State of Fashion report by McKinsey & Company and BoF Insights, The Business of Fashion’s data and advisory team, reveals how changes in trade, technology and consumer behaviour will challenge businesses in 2026. Download the full report to understand the 10 themes that will shape the industry and opportunities for growth in the year ahead. TOOLS Tracking Fashion Brand Performance in the Age of AI Tracking Fashion Brand Performance in the Age of AI Our new AI-powered tool, BoF Insights Brand Pulse, evaluates fashion brand performance across five dimensions — Discoverability, Identity, Value, Connection and Love — combining digital signals and consumer conversations to measure  brand performance in an easy-to-use dashboard. Report Introducing the BoF Insights Brand Pulse Index Report TOOLS Introducing The Brain of Fashion Events Where ideas come alive. Connecting the community with global in-person and virtual events that facilitate fresh thinking and fuel progress in the fashion industry. Learn more Explore more UPCOMING CROSSROADS Our gathering that convenes top business and creative leaders focused on seizing the business opportunities in the Middle East, Central and South Asia, Southeast Asia, Africa and Latin America. Explore more SUMMER Beauty Forum Our intimate and highly curated gathering, bringing together 150 hand-selected senior executives, entrepreneurs and creatives from around the world to reimagine the global beauty and wellness landscape. Register Now Winter VOICES Our annual gathering for big thinkers, BoF VOICES unites the movers, shakers and trailblazers of the global fashion, luxury and beauty industries with thought leaders, entrepreneurs and inspiring people shaping the wider world. EXPLORE BoF Professional Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion and beauty community. A limited time-offer: save 40% on your first year Join Now Case Study How to Cut Costs While Investing for the Future Case Studies The Art & Science of World-Building The New Playbook for Fashion PR Everything Fashion Executives Need to Know About AI Masterclass The New Rules for Getting Acquired Masterclasses How Brands Build Genuine Communities The Complete Guide to Communicating Value to Shoppers The State of Fashion 2025 Briefing This Week: One Last Push for Holiday Sales Briefings Can the Multibrand Fiasco Be Salvaged in 2026? Nike Is In Its ‘Middle Innings,’ But Is The Home Stretch Close? Can Tina Craig’s U Beauty Crack Luxury Beauty?; An Anastasia Beverly Hills Update Latest by Topic Retail Analysis and advice from the front lines of the retail transformation. 1 Shoppers Shun UK High Streets Despite Lure of Boxing Day Sales 2 The Best of BoF 2025: Chaos, Tariffs — and Opportunity 3 Shein’s Global Ambitions Survive French Store Uproar VIEW MORE Luxury How rapid change is reshaping the tradition-soaked luxury sector in Europe and beyond. 1 The Best of BoF 2025: A Tough Year for Luxury 2 Brigitte Bardot, Icon of French Cinema and Style, Has Died 3 Opinion: Golden Goose’s $2,000 Sneakers Are a Rare Win for Private Equity VIEW MORE Beauty Analysis and advice on the fast-evolving beauty business. 1 The Best of BoF 2025: Setting the Tone 2 The Best of BoF 2025: An Omnichannel World 3 The Best of BoF 2025: The New Food Chain VIEW MORE Sports How the collision of sports and fashion is creating new opportunities in both industries. 1 The Best of BoF 2025: Fashion and Sports Forge a Powerful Alliance 2 The Kicks You Wear: Nike Is In Its ‘Middle Innings,’ But Is The Home Stretch Close? 3 The Debrief | The Sneaker of the Year 2025 VIEW MORE Sustainability How fashion can do better for people and the planet. 1 The Best of BoF 2025: Luxury Scandals and the Retreat of ‘Sustainable Fashion’ 2 An Innovative Factory Runs Into Sustainability’s Scalability Problem 3 The Frayed Edge: Fashion’s Climate Reckoning Is Just Getting Started VIEW MORE Marketing How new technologies and cultural shifts are rewiring fashion communications. 1 The Best of BoF 2025: Standing Out Amid Sameness 2 How to Market a Hero Product 3 MAC, Chappell Roan and the Power of Polarisation in Marketing VIEW MORE Technology Analysis and advice on how technology is disrupting fashion and creating new opportunities. 1 The Best of BoF 2025: Technology 2 Generative AI Is Revolutionising Virtual Try-On. Will Shoppers Use It? 3 AI’s Transformation of Online Shopping Is Just Getting Started VIEW MORE Global Markets A guide to unlocking opportunity in emerging and frontier fashion markets. 1 The Best of BoF 2025: A Year of Global Upheaval 2 Opinion: China Is Now an Outdoors Nation 3 How Arab Jewellery Designers Took Local Heritage Global VIEW MORE Fashion Week Independent show reviews from fashion’s top critics. 1 The BoF Podcast | The Biggest Fashion Month Ever 2 A Lost Weekend in Paris: Chapter Two 3 Act Two: A Verdict on Paris’ Sophomore Outings VIEW MORE Workplace & Talent Analysis and advice on the future of work, careers and management. 1 The Best of BoF 2025: The Year of the Shakeup 2 The Debrief | What Happens When Women Lead 3 Highsnobiety and Groupe Dynamite Inc. Join BoF Careers VIEW MORE The Daily Digest Newsletter The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts. Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month. Subscribe Receive news, offers and invites from BoF Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy . The Business of Fashion Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community. About Us About Us What We Do Our Journalism Who We Are Work With Us Imran Amed Contact Us Contact Us Our Products Newsletters BoF Professional BoF Careers BoF Insights (opens in new tab) BoF Events CONNECT WITH US ON Links marked with this notice open in a new tab © 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions , Privacy Policy , Cookie Policy and Accessibility Statement .