Buttonizer | The #1 Floating Action Button Plugin for WordPress Skip to content Features WhatsApp chat widget Chat instantly with your users Contact form widget Form to get quickly in touch More features Click to call and email Social sharing Open pop-ups Buttonizer Analytics Add custom code See all features Integrations Pricing Need help? Knowledge base Learn how to use Buttonizer like a pro Support ticket Learn how to use the plugin like a pro More pages that might help About us FAQ Community Changelog Video tutorials GDPR compliance Blog Login Create a free account Features Pricing Need help? Knowledgebase Support Community Video Tutorials FAQ GDPR compliance Blog Features Pricing Need help? Knowledgebase Support Community Video Tutorials FAQ GDPR compliance Blog Login Create a free account Black friday 50% off on all monthly plans Get Dizcount Dizcount expires in: D H M S Unlock website conversions
with a simple click Buttons, Chats and Popups No credit card required 95.251 active websites this month Create a free account Website Test it Add dynamic customizable Smart Floating Buttons in the corner of your WordPress website and boost the amount of interactions and conversions from your website visitors. Add dynamic customizable Smart Floating Buttons and Widgets in the corner of your WordPress website and boost the amount of interactions and conversions from your website visitors. Integrate With your custom website or with your favorite platforms and tools. Features included with all Buttonizer plans Make a simple button or advanced dynamic floating content. Actions Filters Styling Insights Triggers Smart Click Actions Choose between more than 50 different on-click actions. Click-to-Call & Mail Chat with Whats App and send custom messages Open Javascript function​ Social Sharing Direct Messaging with Facebook Messenger many more.. Pop up Actions Open pop up (elementor integration) Popup maker integration Poptin integration Filters Create Filters to show your buttons in the right places. Show or Hide you buttons based on: Device: Mobile and/or desktop Pages: Select pages to hide / show your buttons Pages: Create dynamic advanced Page Rules User Role: Subscriber, Editor etc. Time: Only from 09:00 till 17:00 Day: Only on monday and tuesday many more.. Styling Easily customize your Floating Action Button with an extensive number of styling options Custom Positioning Select from more than 400 icons Upload a custom icon / image Change color (button, icon & text) Choose between 5 floating menu style Smart Label Visibility many more.. Insights Track the performance of your floating action buttons and get actionable insights via our own Buttonizer Analytics dashboard. Auto-Tracking Button Clicks Advanced analytics dashboard Email conversion notifications (coming soon) Up to 1 month conversion history much more.. Triggers Trigger your webvisitors by creating motion effects based on you webvisitors behaviour. Motions based on browser exit intent Motions based on Idle visitors Show / Hide based on scroll depth Show / Hide based on timeout Choose between 8 button animations many more.. Everything you need in one platform With over 40+ actions, we have an action for the platform you need. Website Test it Explore all features Our beloved users! ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 4.7 out of 5 Dan Easy implementation I’ve used this plugin on several sites and found for one that it does increase conversions, and on the other that I have a flexible means of communicating with website visitors via WhatsApp Business. This means I don’t have to install more third party code for chats. It also makes no difference to my page speed / performance score which makes me very happy too 😉 korg007 @gillesgagnon Big Kudos to the developers!
I tried this plugin for a couple of customers and am extremely satisfied.
Easy to setup, clear help/tips/descriptions of fields and feature-rich.

The developer includes a perfect balance for the free and commercial versions of this plugin. The free version is powerful enough to stand on its own and the paid version offers useful upgrades necessary for given circumstances.

Thanks so much, keep up the good work.
G John @Johndog Buttonizer is a game-changer! This app is incredibly useful, user-friendly, and clean. Highly recommended for anyone wanting floating action buttons with ease. It seamlessly integrates into any layout and offers versatile customization options. With excellent performance and responsive support, Buttonizer is a must-have for enhancing your website or app's functionality and appearance. Bravo to the developers for creating such a stellar product! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Acrenshaw Excellent Product Great customer support, great product. I had an out of the ordinary request, the author went above and beyond to help me find a solution! Super happy and super impressed! Definitely recommend! jsg442 @jsg442 Exactly as advertised, professional-looking floating action buttons. Clean and easy to use. The WhatsApp button has helped increase our website conversions by making it possible to do one click instant chat. Could not find another plugin with this specific functionality. Thanks to the author! vvalladolid @vvalladolid The plugin in the free version is excellent, I will buy the pro version, which must be higher.

The support in this version is excellent and professional, they really care about the needs we have.

The response is quick and they do not stop supporting until the detail is solved.

If the solution does not exist, they offer you alternatives so that everything works properly. Congratulations…….. Erik Excellent addition to our Site The Buttonizer Developers have thought of just about everything you need to create beautiful and functional Call To Action buttons on your website. The freedom to design the buttons and the options of where, when, and how the buttons appear is wonderful. samuel10f @samuel10f Good plugin, you can set it up really easy. The free version is a little limited, so if you are searching for something specific you will need to upgrade it. But for some people will be more than enough! webconstruct @webconstruct Excellent Plugin, Worth The Price Tag. Excellent front end button styling, and the back-end UI is a breeze to use. Highly recommend! Get help from us & other Members Knowledge base How to use the plugin like a pro Learn more Community Give and Get help from your peers 1000+ and our team Learn more Support Open a ticket and let our team help Learn more Cases Get inspiration from other Buttonizers Learn more Also available on Make floating action buttons with a couple clicks! Website Test it Or upgrade your licence Menu Home Features About us Pricing Changelog Blog Contact GDPR Security and disclosure Home Features About us Pricing Changelog Blog Contact GDPR Security and disclosure Facebook Youtube Instagram Wordpress Support Knowledgebase Community support Private support Community Video Tutorials FAQ Knowledgebase Community support Private support Community Video Tutorials FAQ Subscribe to our newsletter Join our 26.000 newsletter subscribers and get the latest news and articles sent straight to your inbox weekly [gravityform id=”2″ title=”false” description=”false” ajax=”true”] Email Send By entering your email, you agree to our Privacy Policy Wow that worked! Connect your favorite pop up builder or chat program to buttonizer Try it free This site uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. Please press the Accept button to agree to our use of cookies to collect data. Accept