BuzzerBeater: The World's Largest Basketball Manager Game Login Welcome to BuzzerBeater! The world's largest basketball manager game Sign me up Tour the Site Mahmoud Khuldi Team:  U.A.E. I'm a member of my country's national team. Can you train the next national hero? Richardos Trelokamperis Team:  Xeftilaikos World Champions 12920 other teams couldn't beat us this season.  Who's got next? Angelino Maza Team:  lakers_ucsc I'm one of 186175 players in the biggest and best basketball manager game in the world.  Why don't you join me? Have you got what it takes to be the best? BuzzerBeater is an online basketball simulation game that pits you against other managers across the planet. Play head-to-head against other challengers, employing strategic game play and statistical analysis. Go beyond fantasy basketball and run your own franchise. Take your team to the top of your league. Then continue up the BuzzerBeater ranks to beat out managers from around the world. No excuses. No retreat. Just you and 12921 opponents who would like nothing better than to run you out of the gym. Realistic basketball action. Play the most advanced basketball simulation and coaching AI ever released.  Watch games live on a state-of-the-art viewer. You're the GM. You pick the players, you train them, and you tell them how to play. Want a bigger arena?  Build it.  Want to draft a superstar?  It's all about scouting. You make the decisions and you’re in charge! BuzzerBeater never sleeps, so why should you? Sign up now to play against the greatest basketball managers in the world.  And hey... it’s free ! Site Tour 01 Build Your Team As the new manager of a basketball team, you're given a group of scrubs Each player has a unique set of skills and abilities Buy, sell, draft, and train players to improve your team 02 Scout Your Opponents Compete in a league with 15 other subscribers Each season, the best teams promote to tougher leagues Lead your team to the top of Division 1 03 Set Your Game Orders Pick your starters, backups, and reserves for each game Select your offense and defense based on your opponents strengths and weaknesses Your decisions determine the outcome of the game! 04 Watch Your Games Live Games are showcased live in an ESPN-style gamecast with colorful commentary View a Sample Game! See first-hand how your decisions affect the gameplay 05 International Competition Join a thriving international community of basketball fans Engage in tournaments, scrimmages, and private leagues with subscribers from around the world Follow your country's National Team. Will your superstar make the cut? Sign up with Email or Continue with Facebook Already have a team? Login Active Teams 12921 Games played this week 94476 Languages 45 Countries 103 Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Rules of Conduct Partners Advertise on BuzzerBeater Login × Login or Login with Facebook Forgot Password or Facebook login failed?