UK Kubernetes & Cloud Hosting Experts | Bytemark +44 1904 890890 Kubernetes Cloud Cloud Hosting Managed Hosting 7-Day Free Trial Pricing Help Support FAQs Documentation Company About Us Our network Data centres Case studies Employment Contact us Blog Sign in Forget about infrastructure. Focus on your business. Deliver features faster, safer and at a lower cost with an End to End Kubernetes service Learn More about Kubernetes Solutions What is Kubernetes? Kubernetes (K8s) is a container orchestration tool. It automates the management of containerised workloads, so development teams are free to develop products and services - shipping updates that give you the edge. Learn more about how Kubernetes could work for you: Beginners' Guide Get to grips with the key benefits of Kubernetes, what it actually is, and how it works - without all the jargon. Read the Guide Case Studies Learn about the added business value 4 industry-leading companies saw after adopting Kubernetes. View the Facts & Figures End to End Service Whatever your current setup, we can help you take the next step towards digital transformation. See All Services Not sure where to start? Get in touch , our team can help with everything from transition to microservices to cluster management. Flexible and Fast Cloud Hosting Bytemark Cloud can help you consolidate your infrastructure management using container technology. Get started with Kubernetes using our VMs today. Reliable, highly available and scalable to your business, our cloud hosting platform offers instant SSD-backed servers from only £6/month. Easily scale RAM and SSD disk space when required Setup automatic backups and restore your server with ease Run any OS or use our Symbiosis platform 2 UK-based data centres in York & Manchester Free SSL certificates as standard using LetsEncrypt A transparent Service Level Agreement with 100% core network availability Find out more 100% UK-based support We offer 24-hour customer support by phone and email, plus a range of documentation for all Bytemark products and services. Support Team Don’t panic! We’re here for you 24 hours a day. SUPPORT Documentation Extensive how-to guides and information to support you. DOCS FAQs Your question may have already been answered - take a look. FAQS Case Studies Evergreen Database & software specialists using their expertise to solve people’s problems. Read more Cursor Building smarter businesses online Read more View all case studies Our Data Centres & Network You’re in safe hands: We’ve been building successfully for 17 years and we directly operate our entire infrastructure. Our UK Network We run a 10Gbps national network to keep you online 24/7 Read more York, UK YO26 is our own fully-owned, custom-built data centre in York Read more Manchester, UK Use our second site to build a resilient hosting architecture About Bytemark Founded in 2002, we’re UK experts in building platforms that solve infrastructure problems. We own and manage our custom-built UK data centre We built our own cloud hosting platform We’re developing an end to end Kubernetes platform We tell you about every outage and offer transparent quotes from list prices. Learn more about us Bytemark: a transparent & fair cloud computing company Committed to reducing energy usage Our York data centre uses fresh air cooling when exterior ambient temperature is below 21.5C to minimise electricity usage. Transparent in operation We have been profitable every year since Bytemark was founded in 2002, and we publish details of every outage as a matter of course. Clear fair pricing We’ve always quoted our cloud hosting costs on list prices and we offer a price match on our Kubernetes service. ISO Certified We are ISO 27001 Certified meaning your data and information is secure with us. Trusted by developers, agencies and businesses "Top support from @bytemark with latest project, speedy responses on support queries, and generally all-round helpful bods" Rich Sage We support Services Kubernetes Cloud Hosting Network Services Pricing Symbiosis Company About Us Contact Us Work with Us Blog Help Support FAQs Documentation Service Status Legal Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Contact +44 1904 890890 support@bytemark.co.uk SIGN UP FREE CONTROL PANEL © Bytemark® 2025 Bytemark is a division of iomart Hosting Limited, part of the iomart group. VAT No. 751 5372 35. Company No: SC275629. All prices exclude VAT