Bitbucket | Git solution for teams using Jira Get it Free Why Bitbucket Features Plans Features CI/CD AI in Bitbucket Cloud Security DevSecOps Code Review Jira Integrations Plans Bitbucket Cloud Premium Back Self-Hosted Pricing More + Less - Get it Free Back Get it Free Code and CI/CD, powered by AI and the Atlassian platform Accelerate software delivery from idea to code to production, with a seamless connection to Jira and AI beyond code creation Try it now Watch demo AI throughout the SDLC Reduce cycle times across the development lifecycle with AI-powered search, code review, pipeline triage, and even Jira updates. Extensible and all-in-one Streamline software development with a complete platform from idea to code to production. Integrate your other tools as you need them. Platform-wide standards Be confident in your software delivery with enforced standards, policies, and compliance checks across all code and CI/CD. AI that provides context to code, not just vibes Friction slowing you down? Bitbucket helps you find your flow and stay there, with code and CI/CD connected to Jira and powered by AI Migrating to the cloud? Bitbucket Cloud supercharges code and CI/CD with AI that knows your team, code base, feature requirements, and more as part of the Atlassian Cloud platform, so no infrastructure is required. Get in touch 15 million developers build on Bitbucket 1/4 "The Jira/Bitbucket integration has transformed the way our software teams are able to communicate, work together, and deploy code. It's been an absolute game changer for us." Nate Van Dusen, Engineering Program Management Director Trulia 2/4 "With the integration, it’s possible to link each line of changed code back to a Jira work item, to understand not only what was changed, but why" Scott Carpenter, Global Cloud Architect Fugro 3/4 "Jira and Bitbucket are linked to show details and where the change is in production. It’s traceable, so they know what we’re doing and when we’re deploying." Kyle Gengler, Senior DevOps Engineer Nextiva 4/4 "We've gone from one big-bang release every month to 10-20 production deployments per day. We also reduced the average development cycle time from 5.8 days to 2.9 days and the standard deviation from 19.8 days to 3.5 days." Roman Bugaev, CTO Flo ← → Platform-wide AI beyond code generation Atlassian supercharges workflows with AI beyond code generation, accelerating development throughout the software lifecycle. Introducing Rovo Dev Reduce friction and automate busywork across software development with agentic AI for developers. Generate code plans, turn Jira items into code, review code and more. Learn about Rovo Dev AI where you work Spend more time coding with AI that knows your codebase in Bitbucket, work items in Jira, documentation in Confluence, and more, accessible anywhere, even in the CLI . Learn more AI-powered teams Contribute to any codebase on day one. With Rovo and Bitbucket, you and your team are always up to speed on all discussions, documentation, even work items statuses. AI integrations Combine Atlassian’s enterprise knowledge with other AI tools, such as other LLMs or IDEs, using our Remote MCP Server (in beta) . Learn more Learn how trust and safety are the cornerstones of Atlassian's approach to AI Security and compliance Code compliance at scale Enforce code quality policies and compliance requirements across the organization with standardized, customizable merge checks. Shift-left security integrations Build secure software while coding, during code review, and as part of CI/CD workflows with native security capabilities and partner integrations. Orchestrate CI/CD organization-wide Run CI/CD workflows across your organization using hosted or private runners—or both, with centralized visibility across pipeline status, testing policies, deployment environments and more, no infrastructure needed. Granular access and usage permissions Control permissions at the workspace, space, or repo level or define specific branch level or environment level permissions. Integrate Bitbucket with the tools you use Connect Bitbucket to market-leading partner tools across AI code generation, security, testing, monitoring, and more. Build custom integrations to meet the exact needs of your organization. See all integrations Deliver high quality software. Fast. Measure and improve productivity, quality, and speed with the AI-native SDLC for every software team. Explore Software Collection Learn more Migrate to Bitbucket cloud Our free app moves your code and users from Bitbucket Server or Data Center to Cloud. Learn more Scale CI/CD with Bitbucket Pipelines Learn how Atlassian builds secure CI/CD workflows to support 10,000 people using over 1 billion build minutes a month. Watch the webinar 3X a DevOps Leader For the third year in a row, Atlassian was named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant ™ for DevOps Platforms. See the report New features on the horizon Learn more about what we’ve recently shipped and what we’re building next for your team. Learn more Take Bitbucket Cloud for a spin Try it now Power up with Bitbucket Premium Create the exact development experience your organization needs with advanced governance and workflow settings, security controls, and more automated processes. Atlassian Intelligence features are also exclusively available in Bitbucket Premium. Learn more Code & CI/CD, built for teams using Jira With best-in-class Jira integration, and built-in CI/CD, Bitbucket Cloud connects developer workflows from planning to incident management. Join millions of developers who choose to build on Bitbucket. Get it free Migrating to cloud? Listen to this webinar on Bitbucket Cloud's enterprise strategy + get migration tips. Learn more PRODUCT FEATURES Why choose Bitbucket Cloud? Collaborate across multiple teams Reduce context-switching by managing your Jira issues in Bitbucket with the built-in Jira UI. And when you include your issue key in commits, your Jira issue statuses update automatically. Learn more Ship quality code Comprehensive code review features to help you find and fix bugs before you deploy. Review large diffs with ease, view third-party code reports, and open Jira tickets right from the PR screen. Learn more Automate deployments Use our built-in CI/CD tool, Bitbucket Pipelines, to create powerful, automated workflows. Or connect Bitbucket Cloud to on-prem CI/CD tools like Bamboo or Jenkins. Learn more watch THE demo See how Bitbucket Cloud works with Atlassian tools This video demos a code change workflow using Jira Software and Bitbucket Pipelines. Secure your code Run automatic security scans with out-of-the-box integration with Snyk, or connect to other providers. Simply open an existing repository or create a new one and navigate to the Security tab to install the Snyk integration. Collaborate with IT Ops Enable automated change approval processes and resolve incidents faster by mapping incidents to deployments with Bitbucket and Jira Service Management. Learn more Secure & compliant Bitbucket Cloud is compliant with SOC2/3, ISO, and GDPR.  2FA and IP allowlisting keep your code accessible only by authorized users. All code is encrypted in transit and at rest. Learn more Integrations for every team Build a DevOps toolchain that works for you Don’t settle for an all-in-one DevOps tool. Start by connecting Bitbucket and Jira Software via Atlassian’s Open DevOps solution, then build out your custom DevOps stack with market-leading partner tools across security, testing and monitoring. Explore the Marketplace 15 million developers from over a million teams love Bitbucket 1 of 4 “We’ve gone from one big-bang release every month to 10-20 production deployments per day. We also reduced the average development cycle time from 5.8 days to 2.9 days and the standard deviation from 19.8 days to 3.5 days. Roman Bugaev , CTO 2 of 4 “The Jira/Bitbucket integration has transformed the way our software teams are able to communicate, work together, and deploy code. It's been an absolute game changer for us. Nate Van Dusen , Engineering Program Management Director 3 of 4 “With the integration, it's possible to link each line of changed code back to a Jira issue, to understand not only what was changed, but why. Scott Carpenter , Global Cloud Architect 4 of 4 “Jira and Bitbucket are linked to show details and where the change is in production. It’s traceable, so they know what we’re doing and when we’re deploying. Kyle Gengler , Senior DevOps Engineer ← → Learn more Need a self-hosted option? Bitbucket Data Center is our code collaboration tool built for teams who need to host code behind the firewall. Learn more Considering migrating to Bitbucket Cloud? Our free migration app automates moving your code and users from Bitbucket Server or Data Center to Bitbucket Cloud. Learn more New features on the horizon Learn more about what we’ve recently shipped and what we’re building next for your team. Learn more Take Bitbucket Cloud for a spin Start for free Simple plans hosted in the cloud. Priced to scale. Free USD X per user/month up to 5 users Get started Free forever Standard USD X per user/month 1-100 users Try it free Starts at $15 /month Premium USD X per user/month 1-100 users Try it free Starts at $30 /month 101+ users? We offer discounts for large teams! Calculate your price Want to learn more about our self-managed option? Bitbucket Blog Bitbucket writing program API Site status Resources Technical support Documentation Plans & pricing What is Version Control? Connect with us Sign up for Git articles and resources: Thanks for signing up! Connect with Bitbucket Privacy policy Notice at Collection Terms of use Trust & security Copyright © 2025 View all Atlassian products Choose your language Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português русский 中文