Skip to main content
MyBYU
Learning Suite
Search
About
 
Admissions & Aid
Academics
 
This is Y
Full Divine Potential
Celebrating the reason for our joy, the Light of the world, Jesus Christ. Enjoy this stirring rendition of "Joy To The World" by BYU Combined Choirs & BYU Philharmonic.
Watch
A Unique Light
As part of its 150th anniversary, BYU held its first-ever Christmas tree lighting ceremony and welcomed Light the World Giving Machine kiosks to campus.
More
Go Forth to Serve
Capturing the spirit and mission of BYU, a new anthem has arrived—just in time for BYU’s sesquicentennial.

The fun and inspiring anthem, “Enter to Learn, Go Forth to Serve," is now available to BYU 150th participants who reach the 75-hour service benchmark in the anniversary service challenge.
More
By Study & By Faith
“In the Church, obtaining an education and getting knowledge are a religious responsibility. We educate our minds so that one day we can render service of worth to somebody else.”
More
Apply
Disciples of Christ
Academic Calendar
Becoming BYU
Athletics
HIGHLIGHTED EVENTS
New Year Holiday
Dec 31 – Jan 1
Winter Semester Classes Begin
W, Jan 7
Men's Basketball vs Arizona State
W, Jan 7
Full Events Calendar
NEWS
FAITH
Devotional: The condescension of God
President D. Todd Christofferson, second counselor in the First Presidency for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, shared his powerful testimony in his devotional address today. In the spirit of the upcoming Christmas season, he focused on the condescension of God and the significance of the birth and Atonement of Christ.
INTELLECT
A Farmer's Field of Dreams? BYU-built smart tech maps moisture levels, will adjust watering automatically
The team of BYU engineers placed 86 Bluetooth devices throughout a 50-hectare field near Elberta, Utah, to measure water levels across every inch of the field. Placing this many sensors in a commercial field is unprecedented and allows researchers to see unique patterns that have never before been captured.
INTELLECT
Making fashion out of art: Students hit the runway with designs inspired by BYU Museum of Art exhibit
BYU students recently showcased fashion and makeup designs in a runway show at the Museum of Art. They each designed and modeled a look inspired by one of the paintings on exhibit from an art museum in Puerto Rico. On display until Jan. 3, The Sense of Beauty: Six Centuries of Painting from Museo de Arte de Ponce showcases world-class art that reflects the innate beauty of the human experience.
More News
CONTACT
BYU INFO

Call or Text: 801-422-4636

Email: byu-info@byu.edu

Brigham Young University
Provo, UT 84602

RESOURCES
A-Z Index
BYU Mobile App (Android)
BYU Mobile App (iOS)
Student Development Services
Employment at BYU
Office of Belonging
Helping Distressed Students
Library
Office of IT
Title IX (sexual misconduct)
University Police & Parking
OTHER CES SCHOOLS
BYU-Hawaii
BYU-Idaho
BYU-Pathway Worldwide
Ensign College
CONNECT
Link to facebook
 
Link to instagram
 
Link to twitter
 
Link to youtube
BYU Alumni
BYU Athletics
BYU News
BYU Store
BYUtv
Provo, UT 84602, USA | © 2026 Brigham Young University
Privacy Notice | Cookie Preferences
WE VALUE YOUR PRIVACY
This site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our privacy policy, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or manage your own preferences.
MANAGE CHOICES AGREE & PROCEED