C40 Cities: Transforming urban systems for climate action Skip to content Search Close header menu Submit search form Main menu button World Mayors Summit 2025 Who We Are About C40 Leadership The C40 Co-Chairs Steering Committee C40 Board of Directors Funders & Partners Our Team What We Do Raising climate ambition Climate action planning C40 Accelerators Inclusive climate action Research and Knowledge Climate Budgeting Programme Influencing the global agenda Green and Just Transition Global diplomacy and advocacy Climate finance for cities Engaging the Private Sector Building a movement Global Green New Deal Youth Engagement Cities Race to Zero Countering climate disinformation Scaling up climate action Water, Heat and Nature Air quality Energy and Buildings Food Systems Zero emission transport Ports and Shipping Urban planning and design Waste Management Our Cities Latest News & Insights Research and Knowledge Campaigns Events Case Studies Search Close header menu Submit search form Language Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletter Stay up to date with C40. Email * Name * First Last City * Consent * * I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions of C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group, Inc. Visit our linkedin page Visit our instagram page Visit our twitter page Visit our facebook page Visit our threads page Visit our bluesky page Visit our youtube page Cities have always shaped ideas, trade, and culture. Today, they shape climate action too. About C40 © Tess Smith-Roberts Cities push for full partnership at COP30 10-21 November 2025, Belém At COP30 , C40 mayors demonstrated what climate action delivers when cities have the power and resources to act. Through their Yearly Offers of Action , cities showed the concrete progress being made to protect the people and places we love. With the right support from national governments, cities can go even further and faster. This year, mayors called for cities to be recognised as full partners in climate decision-making, with the finance and collaboration needed to turn ambition into results. Learn more © Marcelo Piu/City of Rio – C40 For 20 years, C40 has championed cities as the catalysts for climate action. Our mayors set the pace for climate action. They deliver results on the ground and drive change on the world stage. 23 % of the global economy is represented in C40 cities 100 million+ people are breathing cleaner air across C40 cities 50 million green jobs are on track to be created by 2050 We help cities move forward and move fast Our 97 cities represent nearly a quarter of the global economy. Together, we design, test, and improve solutions that raise the standard for everyone. Play video Close Video Building foundations Action needs infrastructure Explore how cities are building the foundations that raise climate ambition and strengthen their capacity to deliver action. Find out more Influencing agendas City action drives global change Discover how C40 Cities and its mayors shape global finance, governance, and policy to scale climate action. Find out more Growing movements Change people can believe in See how mayors build the public support, political will, and global solidarity that make ambitious action possible. Find out more Transforming systems Smarter systems, stronger cities Explore how transforming city systems helps scale up climate action and create more liveable cities. Find out more We act to cut emissions, build resilience, and advance justice To be a member of C40, cities must show measurable progress on each of these three missions: cutting emissions by halving fossil fuels by 2030, building resilience , and advancing justice in city climate action. Collective accountability in delivering the missions is the force that drives every city forward. Explore our missions Yokohama São Paulo Houston Dakar Tokyo Chengdu Dalian New Orleans Philadelphia Rio de Janeiro Lima Madrid Milan Ho Chi Minh City Delhi NCT Hong Kong Johannesburg New York City Santiago Quezon City Seattle Kuala Lumpur Hangzhou Zhenjiang Los Angeles Tshwane Buenos Aires Shenzhen Berlin Salvador Dubai Medellín Guangzhou Yokohama São Paulo Houston Dakar Tokyo Chengdu Dalian New Orleans Philadelphia Rio de Janeiro Lima Madrid Milan Ho Chi Minh City Delhi NCT Hong Kong Johannesburg New York City Santiago Quezon City Seattle Kuala Lumpur Hangzhou Zhenjiang Los Angeles Tshwane Buenos Aires Shenzhen Berlin Salvador Dubai Medellín Guangzhou Warsaw Jakarta Rome Portland Mexico City Durban (eThekwini) Bengaluru Fuzhou Addis Ababa Vancouver Singapore Stockholm Ekurhuleni Dhaka (North & South) Boston Oslo Quito Nanjing Lagos Fortaleza Sydney Chicago Auckland Tel Aviv – Yafo Freetown London Rotterdam Beijing Paris Lisbon Seoul Washington, DC Casablanca Warsaw Jakarta Rome Portland Mexico City Durban (eThekwini) Bengaluru Fuzhou Addis Ababa Vancouver Singapore Stockholm Ekurhuleni Dhaka (North & South) Boston Oslo Quito Nanjing Lagos Fortaleza Sydney Chicago Auckland Tel Aviv – Yafo Freetown London Rotterdam Beijing Paris Lisbon Seoul Washington, DC Casablanca Curitiba Montréal Nairobi Amman Mumbai Wuhan Guadalajara Barcelona Ahmedabad Dar es Salaam Chennai Miami Bogotá Athens San Francisco Melbourne Karachi Phoenix Austin Bangkok Abidjan Copenhagen Accra Istanbul Heidelberg Amsterdam Shanghai Hanoi Cape Town Toronto Qingdao Curitiba Montréal Nairobi Amman Mumbai Wuhan Guadalajara Barcelona Ahmedabad Dar es Salaam Chennai Miami Bogotá Athens San Francisco Melbourne Karachi Phoenix Austin Bangkok Abidjan Copenhagen Accra Istanbul Heidelberg Amsterdam Shanghai Hanoi Cape Town Toronto Qingdao Explore our cities Expertise that powers action Supporting 2.6 million users in 28,000 cities worldwide, the C40 Knowledge Hub packages climate expertise into ready-to-use resources that 80% of users say empower them to take real action. Visit the open access platform Solutions for every stage of climate action C40 Accelerators Bold commitments across key sectors See how accelerators drive action on transport, urban planning, and beyond with frameworks built for impact at speed. FIND OUT MORE Programmes and networks Specialist support for every system Find specific expertise across transport, buildings, energy, food, waste, and more to address your city’s priorities. Find out more Research and knowledge Evidence that drives action Access the research, case studies, and practical tools that show what works and how to apply it in your city. FIND OUT MORE Campaigns and mobilisation Building awareness, amplifying voices Find campaigns, storytelling resources, and ways to raise awareness and educate about city climate action. FIND OUT MORE Influencing the global agenda Cities shaping global climate policy Explore how mayors are reforming finance, influencing the global climate conversation, and pushing for the systemic changes cities need. Find out more Get the latest climate action updates straight to your inbox Subscribe Who We Are About C40 Leadership Funders & Partners Our Team What We Do Building the foundations for city climate action Influencing the global agenda Building a movement to co-create solutions Transforming city systems Our Cities News & Insights Careers Contact Subscribe Locations & Policies C40 Complaints Procedure C40 Knowledge Hub Visit our linkedin page Visit our instagram page Visit our twitter page Visit our facebook page Visit our threads page Visit our bluesky page Visit our youtube page Accessibility Privacy Notice Terms of Use Website by Wholegrain Digital © 2025 C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group, Inc. All rights reserved. We use cookies. Learn more about how in our Privacy Policy . Accept Decline