Homepage — City of Albuquerque Skip to main content ≡ Translate HOW CAN WE HELP (311) Meet Mayor Keller Get Involved Businesses Business License Cannabis Retail Information ABQ Film Office Economic Development Housing Codes Hydrology Investor Information Metropolitan Redevelopment Agency Pay a Bill Planning Department Residential Building Permits Restaurant Inspections Short Term Rentals Vendor Invoices Vendor Services What the City Buys Residents A-Z ABQ311 - Report Issues ABQ Address Reports Adopt or Find a Pet Albuquerque Community Safety Child & Family Development Centers Community Centers Emergencies - Call 911 Health & Social Service Centers Libraries Office of Neighborhood Coordination Pay a Bill Police Area Commands Pollen Count Recycling Senior Centers Trash Collection Volunteer Opportunities Things To Do ABQ BioPark ABQ BioPark Tickets ABQ Museum of Art & History Balloon Museum ABQToDo City Calendar Golfing Open Space Parks The Public Library Sport & Recreation Special Events & Festivals Swimming Bus & Bike A-Z Bus Routes & Schedules Bus Rider Resources Bus Trip Planner Senior Transportation Sun Van Paratransit Service Bicycling Esperanza Bicycle Safety Education Center Jobs City of Albuquerque Jobs Become a Firefighter Become a Police Officer Join ACS 911 Operators & Dispatchers Youth & Swimming Pool Jobs Youth Volunteering, Employment & Training Transparency ABQ Apps ABQ Data ABQ View Current Budget Gender Pay Equity Initiative Minimum Wage Progress Reports Public Records What the City Buys Translate News City Calendar What is one ABQ A-Z Departments Minimum Wage ABQToDo Pay a Bill Americans with Disabilities Act Businesses Business License Cannabis Retail Information ABQ Film Office Economic Development Housing Codes Hydrology Investor Information Metropolitan Redevelopment Agency Pay a Bill Planning Department Residential Building Permits Restaurant Inspections Short Term Rentals Vendor Invoices Vendor Services What the City Buys Residents A-Z ABQ311 - Report Issues ABQ Address Reports Adopt or Find a Pet Albuquerque Community Safety Child & Family Development Centers Community Centers Emergencies - Call 911 Health & Social Service Centers Libraries Office of Neighborhood Coordination Pay a Bill Police Area Commands Pollen Count Recycling Senior Centers Trash Collection Volunteer Opportunities Things To Do ABQ BioPark ABQ BioPark Tickets ABQ Museum of Art & History Balloon Museum ABQToDo City Calendar Golfing Open Space Parks The Public Library Sport & Recreation Special Events & Festivals Swimming Bus & Bike A-Z Bus Routes & Schedules Bus Rider Resources Bus Trip Planner Senior Transportation Sun Van Paratransit Service Bicycling Esperanza Bicycle Safety Education Center Jobs City of Albuquerque Jobs Become a Firefighter Become a Police Officer Join ACS 911 Operators & Dispatchers Youth & Swimming Pool Jobs Youth Volunteering, Employment & Training Transparency ABQ Apps ABQ Data ABQ View Current Budget Gender Pay Equity Initiative Minimum Wage Progress Reports Public Records What the City Buys Translate HOW CAN WE HELP (311) Meet Mayor Keller Get Involved City Administration Accomplishments Progress on the Keller Administration's top priorities. Call To Action Crime Strategy Youth Homelessness Economic Development One Albuquerque Sustainability City Focus Meet the people who make up the Administration of Mayor Tim Keller. CITY LEADERSHIP Meet the people who make up the Administration of Mayor Tim Keller. City Focus Albuquerque's legislative authority with the power to adopt all ordinances, resolutions, or other legislation conducive to the welfare of the people of the city. CITY COUNCIL Albuquerque's legislative authority with the power to adopt all ordinances, resolutions, or other legislation conducive to the welfare of the people of the city. City Focus Strategic actions to create access to affordable housing for residents in Albuquerque. Housing Now ABQ Strategic actions to create access to affordable housing for residents in Albuquerque. City Focus In observance of New Year's Eve and New Year's Day, some City offices and services will be closed on Dec. 31 and Jan. 1. New Year's Holiday Information In observance of New Year's Eve and New Year's Day, some City offices and services will be closed on Dec. 31 and Jan. 1. City Focus Experience the holidays and winter in Albuquerque. Winter in Albuquerque Experience the holidays and winter in Albuquerque. City Focus Progress on the Keller Administration's top priorities. City Administration Accomplishments Progress on the Keller Administration's top priorities. News City Calendar What is one ABQ A-Z Departments Minimum Wage ABQToDo Pay a Bill Americans with Disabilities Act ↥ CONTACT The 311 Community Contact Center is a centralized call center for the City of Albuquerque. The 311 service is a single telephone number for all non-emergency City of Albuquerque inquiries and services. Call: 311 or 505-768-2000 Report Online Emergencies: 911 Non-Emergency Police Calls: 505-242-COPS ACCESS Jobs Disclaimer Accessibility Employee Resources Sitemap CONNECT VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Stay in Touch! Sign up for updates. © 2025 The City of Albuquerque. All Rights Reserved. The official website for the City of Albuquerque. External Link Disclaimer This link will take you to a site over which the City of Albuquerque has no control. The City assumes no responsibility for the content of the material contained at that site or for the accuracy of any information that is found there. The contents of any site or link not maintained by the City does not necessarily reflect the opinions, standards or policies of the City of Albuquerque, its officials, agents or employees. Questions: [email protected] External Link: Cancel Continue x Translate Our Site View Disclaimer Español Kreyòl ayisyen Português français 简体中文 Tiếng Việt Русский Soomaali العربية Afrikaans shqip አማርኛ العربية հայերեն آذربایجان دیل Euskara Беларуская мова বাংলা بۉسانسقى български català Binisaya Chicheŵa 广东话 廣東話 Corsu Hrvatski čeština dansk Nederlands Esperanto eesti keel Pilipino suomi français Ōstfräisk galego ქართული ენა Deutsch Ελληνικά ગુજરાતી Kreyòl ayisyen هَرْشَن هَوْسَ ʻŌlelo Hawaiʻi עִברִית हिंदी Lus Hmoob Magyar íslenska Ásụ̀sụ̀ Ìgbò bahasa Indonesia Gaeilge Italiano 日本語 باسا جاوا ಕನ್ನಡ Қазақ тілі ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국인 کورمانجی Кыргыз тили ລາວ Lingua Latina latviešu valoda lietuvių kalba Lëtzebuergesch македонски malagasy بهاس ملايو മലയാളം Malti Māori मराठी монгол မြန်မာစကား नेपाली norsk پښتو فارسی Polskie Português ਪੰਜਾਬੀ limba română Русский Gagana fa‘a Sāmoa Gàidhlig Српски Sotho chiShona سنڌي සිංහල slovenčina slovenščina Soomaali Español Basa Sunda کِسْوَهِيلِ svenska тоҷикӣ தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย Türkçe українська мова اردو أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی Tiếng Việt Cymraeg isiXhosa יידיש Èdè Yorùbá isiZulu Close × Search Our Site Close