CACI Skip to main content Search Open Menu What we do C3I Cyber Digital Solutions Enterprise IT Mission and Engineering Support Space Spectrum Superiority About CACI 1. CACI to Demonstrate Electronic Warfare, Counter-UAS, Deep Learning, and Agile DevSecOps Solutions at 2019 Sea-Air-Space Exposition. Learn More Discover CACI Leadership and Governance Corporate Social Responsibility & ESG Culture Awards and recognition Contracts New at CACI See what's new Trending at CACI News releases Events Investors Careers Search Search Expanding the limits of national security The next great national security challenges will not resemble the last. As new threats emerge, our resolve never wavers. That’s what it means to be Ever Vigilant. Trending at CACI In the news Transformative leadership CACI President and CEO John Mengucci was recently named a GovCon Awards Executive of the Year. Learn More What we do Advancing global missions CACI’s Gimbal Technology Suite delivers persistent, reliable, stable imagery in more than 50 countries. Learn More Who we are Spotlighting veteran employees Robert Bartlett shares his journey from Army combat survivor to dedicated veteran advocate at CACI. Learn More Careers Join a Forbes America’s Best Company Explore opportunities with an organization recognized for its strong trajectory and relentless integrity. Learn More New at CACI December 30, 2025 CACI Appoints Michael Gilday and David Keffer to its Board of Directors RESTON, VA. - CACI International Inc (NYSE: CACI) announced today that Adm. Michael Gilday, U.S. Navy (Ret.), and David Keffer have been appointed to its Board of Directors, effective Jan. 1, 2026… Read More Read More December 22, 2025 CACI Enters Into Definitive Agreement to Acquire ARKA Group, Expanding Its Technology Focus In Space-Based Sensing and Actionable Intelligence RESTON, VA. - CACI International Inc (NYSE: CACI) announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire ARKA Group L.P. (ARKA) from funds managed by Blackstone Tactical… Read More Read More December 3, 2025 CACI Empowers Fleet Readiness for the U.S. Navy Portsmouth Naval Shipyard (PNS) Engineering and Planning Department (EPD) RESTON, VA. - CACI International Inc (NYSE: CACI) announced today that it has been awarded a five-year task order valued at up to $145 million to continue supporting the U.S. Navy Portsmouth Naval… Read More Read More December 2, 2025 CACI to Advance Innovations That Detect and Defeat Electronic Warfare (EW) Threats for the U.S. Army RESTON, VA. - CACI International Inc (NYSE: CACI) announced today that it has been awarded a three-year task order valued at up to $79 million to continue its work ensuring decision dominance for the… Read More Read More View more Counter UxS Leveraging more than 20 years of experience in RF-based solutions, CACI’s modular, scalable, software-defined technology is battle-proven, rapidly deployable, and interoperable with existing C-UxS systems — enabling a layered defense for better real-time decision making. Learn More Network modernization CACI modernizes end-to-end IT infrastructure to securely deliver data, optimize efficiencies, enhance performance, and improve end-user satisfaction — from on-premises to the cloud and the edge. Learn More Agile software development Using Agile methodologies and advanced analytics, CACI modernizes government applications, infrastructure, and business processes to enhance performance and translate data into decisions. Learn More Optical communications CACI’s American-made optical communication, sensing, and processing technology enables the success of some of our nation’s most critical missions from the battlefield to deep space. Learn More About CACI New threats are always emerging. Our resolve never wavers. Today’s threats evolve and advance at breakneck speed, and as soon as they’re neutralized, they shift again. Success requires that we constantly push the boundaries of our nation’s capabilities. We are making bold investments to stay one step ahead of the adversary. We’re accelerating innovation, driving speed and efficiency, and using technology, software and intelligence to anticipate and rapidly eliminate threats in a changing world. From the front lines to the home front, from weapons systems to operating systems, from what’s here today to what lies beyond the horizon, everyone we serve has a unique mission. Ours is to ensure they succeed. That’s what it means to be Ever Vigilant. Learn More Your potential is limitless. So is ours. Browse Careers CACI_logo_reversed Follow Us: LinkedIn YouTube Twitter Facebook Instagram Copyright © CACI International Inc | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Accessibility Footer Column 1 New at CACI About CACI Investors Careers Footer Column 2 Suppliers Contracts Partners Employees Employment Verification Copyright © CACI International Inc Terms of Use | Privacy Policy