Enjoy Real Privacy and Bypass Blocks | CactusVPN Toggle navigation English Français Español Deutsch Русский Português Türkçe English Français Español Deutsch Русский Português Türkçe Features Pricing Apps Support My Account Join now Enjoy Real Privacy and Bypass Blocks! Get CactusVPN 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee Protect Your Privacy Hide your IP address to stop websites and annoying advertisers from tracking your digital footprints. Also, we don’t keep any logs. Secure Your Data Anonymize all your traffic with military-grade encryption to stop ISPs, governments, and hackers from seeing what you do on the web. Bypass All Restrictions Unblock all the popular websites you want, say goodbye to government censorship, and sneak around firewalls at work or school. See All Perks Unblock 340+ Geo-Restricted Websites Instantly Use our Smart DNS to unblock popular streaming platforms that are only available in specific countries. Enjoy original ISP speeds, and use as many devices as you want simultaneously. See All Websites High-Speed VPN Servers in 25 Countries All our servers offer smooth speeds, unlimited bandwidth, and extremely stable connections. Also, all servers double as proxies at no extra cost. See All VPN Server Locations USA Canada Brazil UK Netherlands Germany Switzerland Sweden Spain Latvia Romania Italy Portugal France Poland Russia Hong Kong Australia Japan Singapore India Malaysia Luxembourg Ukraine User-Friendly Apps for Your Favorite Devices Connect to our servers and configure your connections in only a few seconds. Multiple devices? No problem! Use an unlimited number of devices with the same subscription. Available on: Download Your Apps What the Reviews Say Meir Matt Amzallag CEO at PayPro Global Inc. My work keeps me online throughout the entire day, CactusVPN helps me protect my data no matter where I am. It’s a great tool for SEO specialists, marketers and business leaders when it comes to local market or competition research. You get a great variety of countries, most of all with high speed stability so I highly recommend it. Tom Spark #1 VPN Reviewer on Youtube Don't let the cute cactus logo fool you. The team behind CactusVPN is seriously dedicated to making a great VPN product and that's how they've climbed up to Tier 1 on my tier list. It's fast, affordable, and works with every streaming provider I've tested so far. I don't trust many VPNs these days, but CactusVPN is one of them. Peter Selmeczy Director at BestVPN.com CactusVPN is a fantastic VPN company that gets many things right. From their customer support to the privacy they provide they get plenty of things right. Overall a great value service that is highly recommended. John Parish CactusVPN customer Really happy with CactusVPN. I was looking for a provider with a decent VPN that also offered Smart DNS and believe me, there aren't too many out there that do both well. Most providers focus on VPN or Smart DNS, whereas CactusVPN are very strong on both. Speeds over the VPN are impressive considering the encryption process and whenever I've contacted their Support Team, responses have been quick and useful. Get CactusVPN 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee Services VPN Servers Smart DNS Unblocked Websites Free Trial Free Smart DNS Resources Downloads Blog Learning Center Affiliates What is my IP address? Company About us Reviews Terms of Service Contact us Subscribe to our  newsletter: