Meet the New Cadent | Cadent Login Contact Cadent has acquired VuePlanner, adding YouTube to Total Video offering With Cadent and VuePlanner, you can reach audiences across the entire video expanse—linear, OLV, CTV, and now YouTube—all in one place. Learn More Our real-time AI-powered platform delivers exceptional performance across all media. Connect with customers anywhere in their journey and deliver impactful messaging through our all-in-one platform. Reach unique audiences. Access total video. Unlock exceptional outcomes. Cadent Platform brings predictive intelligence to every stage of advertising so you know before you go. We break down the silos between digital and TV to deliver measurable business outcomes at scale. Predict Understand the impact before you launch. Predict and model campaign outcomes in real-time and dynamically adapt strategies to maximize performance. Our custom ML models optimize every impression across any channel, maximizing your investment. 87B+ Impressions assigned predictive score daily 18,000 Custom ML models 30+ Measurement partners Assemble Maximize reach across all available impressions. With both ID-based and ID-less solutions, customize your audience by combining real-world attributes and behaviors. Plus, onboard your first-party data in minutes and match it with 125M households. 125M Households across the US 1.8B Devices 50+ Data partners Orchestrate Unite media and messaging to maximize reach and impact. Seamlessly buy and orchestrate campaigns across all channels and devices. Buy programmatically, through private marketplaces, or upfront, through our premium inventory marketplace. 150+ Direct publisher connections 100% MFA-free inventory Privacy, performance, flexibility and scale in one omnichannel platform. Cadent’s AI-powered predictive advertising platform is designed for brands, agencies and publishers to seamlessly navigate the evolving media landscape. The platform integrates market-leading technologies to connect audience, activation, measurement and publishers, driving campaign efficiencies and stronger performance in privacy-safe manner. Learn More Featured Resources View All Press Release Cadent Acquires YouTube Innovator VuePlanner to Redefine Total Video Activation With VuePlanner, Cadent enables advertisers to engage audiences across all screens as part of a Total Video strategy, unified across linear, CTV and YouTube. Read More Press Release Cadent Collaborates with Google Cloud to Bring Data-Driven Intelligence to Advertisers, Delivering 200% Increase in Campaign Resolution Cadent and Google Cloud unveil a new AI operating model that boosts ROAS by 35% and cuts issue resolution to under 12 minutes, driving performance and productivity. Read More Press Release Cadent Closes Upfront with Double-Digit Growth, Powered by Predictive AI Across TV and Digital 26% growth in Upfront commitments demonstrates demand for unified digital and TV advertising that deliver precision and scale Read More Press Release Cadent Accelerates Predictive Advertising Capabilities by Unifying AI and ML Infrastructures on Google Cloud Cadent announced the expansion of its market leading predictive advertising capabilities by unifying its advanced artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) infrastructure on Google Cloud. Read More Spark ideas. Ignite growth. Sign up for our monthly newsletter, Spark Notes , for actionable insights, fresh tactics, and powerful strategies delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe Industry Accolades Award-winning innovation in technology, products and solutions Frost Radar™ 2025: DSP Leader SPARK Matrix™ 2025: AdTech Platform MarTech Breakthrough Award: Best Cookieless Marketing Solution Digiday Media Awards: Best AdTech Platform MMA SMARTIES Global: Best Real Time Marketing Campaign: Silver MMA SMARTIES Global: Best Programmatic Campaign: Bronze MMA SMARTIES North America: Best Cross Digital Media Campaign: Silver MMA SMARTIES North America: Best Real Time Marketing Campaign: Bronze MMA SMARTIES North America: Enabling Technology Company of the Year AdExchanger’s Top 50 Programmatic Power Players SPARK Matrix, AdTech Platforms: DSP Leader Swipe Interested in learning more? See what the Cadent Platform can do for you! Let’s get in touch. Careers Leadership Login 1675 Broadway, 22nd Floor New York, NY 10019 +1 212-796-1960 Terms of Use Website Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices © 2025 Cadent. All Rights Reserved.