Raptive — Powering creator independence Warning! Your browser does not support JavaScript! Apply now Creators Raptive for creators Supercharge your power to make the most money on ads while growing faster and reaching further than ever before. Learn more Apply Blog Resource Center AI Creator levels Support Enterprise Advertisers About us About us Using smart technology combined with years of media industry know-how, we’re on a mission to help creators and businesses grow. Learn more Team Careers Job openings Newsroom LinkedIn Instagram Ctrl Alt Ask podcast Login Login Apply now The full-service creator media company The full-service creator media company From end-to-end ad management to industry-leading business solutions, Raptive empowers creators and publishers to turn their passions into thriving, profitable brands. Apply now Style by Emily Henderson Epic Gardening Powering creator independence $3.6B+ paid directly to creators 226M consumers reached monthly through our creators’ websites* Top 10 ranked media company* 982M consumers reached monthly through our creators’ social media *Comscore How we’re shaping what’s next ` Opening the door to more creators who meet Raptive quality standards October 16, 2025 ` What we learned from Google’s August 2025 spam update—and what to do next November 12, 2025 ` How we’re transforming transaction IDs to benefit creators and publishers September 18, 2025 We’re opening doors for more creators If you have at least 25K monthly pageviews, we’re making it easier for you to join Raptive. Great content deserves to be seen (and rewarded). Apply now Podcast Ctrl Alt Ask The advice show for creators that tells it like it is. Host Stephanie Woodin, Sr. Director of Publicity at Raptive, takes calls from creators grappling with the big questions: burnout, branding, revenue, and keeping up with AI and SEO changes. Each episode, an expert guest or fellow creator joins Stephanie to answer your questions with research-backed, practical advice you can put to work in your own business. Listen now For creators Build your brand Whether your expertise is in food, family, or finance, Raptive helps a diverse network of creators make the most money on ads while helping to grow your business. Learn more For enterprise Accelerate ad revenue Our best-in-class ad code optimizations, direct sales team, exclusive partnerships, and customized recommendations deliver industry-leading RPMs for your publishing portfolio. Learn more For advertisers Connect with culture shapers With Raptive as your strategic marketing partner, you get access to 6,000+ of the world’s most influential independent media and publishing companies. Learn more Solutions to maximize your ambitions Audience Captivate bigger audiences. Keep them coming back for more. Share your content. Revenue Cash in on your passion. Make more with the world’s best ad management. Explore new revenue streams. Business Strengthen your strategies. Make moves. Get expert guidance and support to keep your team growing and business thriving. Create one-of-a-kind content? You need a one-of-a-kind partner. “In addition to increasing my ad revenue by over 300%, they freed up my time so I could spend it preparing content.” Michael O’Halloran Sports Feel Good Stories “The best — trustworthy, knowledgeable, supportive – they provide the best RPMs, great resources and they CARE.” Maria Lichty Two Peas & Their Pod “Raptive has helped us optimize our ad revenue while allowing us to maintain our site experience.” Arnold Kim MacRumors “They understand creators, anticipate my needs and let me hand off the technology side of monitizing my blog.” Caz Makepeace Y Travel Blog “In addition to increasing my ad revenue by over 300%, they freed up my time so I could spend it preparing content.” Michael O’Halloran Sports Feel Good Stories “The best — trustworthy, knowledgeable, supportive – they provide the best RPMs, great resources and they CARE.” Maria Lichty Two Peas & Their Pod “Raptive has helped us optimize our ad revenue while allowing us to maintain our site experience.” Arnold Kim MacRumors “They understand creators, anticipate my needs and let me hand off the technology side of monitizing my blog.” Caz Makepeace Y Travel Blog Ready to make moves? We’re here to give you the support, freedom, aha’s, and big ideas you need to get to the next level. Apply now Creators Blog Resources AI Creator levels Support Apply Enterprise Contact sales About us Team Careers Tech careers Job openings We're hiring Advertisers Blog Newsroom Contact us Media kit Ctrl Alt Ask podcast The Raptive Report: AI Keep it real Remarkable Voices Slickstream © 2025 Raptive. Raptive Terms of Use CMI Marketing Website’s Privacy Statement Raptive Browser Extensions Privacy Policy Facebook Instagram Linkedin Twitter