Together, we give more | Charities Aid Foundation Charities Aid Foundation CAF Bank Personal giving Corporate giving Services for charities Insights About us Donate Welcome to the Charities Aid Foundation We help donors to give more impactfully and charities to build their resilience so they can do more of their life-changing work. Personal giving From one-off donations to long-term giving, or designing your personal philanthropic strategy, we work together to help you realise your giving ambitions. Corporate giving You have the vision for making a difference. So do we. We help you plan how to give based on your goals. Services for charities Helping your charity or social enterprise become more resilient. Insights Discover the latest insights for donors and charitable organisations to help create a greater impact About us We are a leading charity, working at the centre of the giving world. We help donors to give more impactfully and charities to build their resilience so they can do more of their life-changing work. Donate Back Personal giving From one-off donations to long-term giving, or designing your personal philanthropic strategy, we work together to help you realise your giving ambitions. DISCOVER OUR PERSONAL GIVING SOLUTIONS Find a charity and donate Donate now to UK charities Discover effective ways to give Explore the best ways to give that match your ambitions Maximise your impact Give more effectively by aligning your giving goals with the needs of social purpose organisations Services for professional advisers Work with us to help realise your clients' giving ambitions Resources for effective giving Guides and tools for giving with greater impact Back Find a charity and donate Search our database of over 160,000 charities and donate to the organisation that mean the most to you. Donate now Back Discover effective ways to give We match our strategic, insight led approach with your giving ambitions, so you give in the way you want, to the causes you want, at the right time for you. DISCOVER OUR PERSONAL GIVING SOLUTIONS Get a giving account Give through a Charitable Trust Make a large, one-off gift Give through your payroll Give as a dual US/UK taxpayer Leave a legacy gift Back Maximise your impact From strategic advice to grantmaking and social investment, we can work together to drive meaningful change. Explore our impact accelerator Get strategic advice Provide social investment Back Services for professional advisers We offer seamless support and expertise to strengthen your own. A trusted philanthropy partner to help your clients make a measurable difference to the causes they care about. LEARN MORE Back Resources for effective giving Expert content to help inspire and inform your giving EXPLORE OUR PERSONAL GIVING RESOURCES Back Corporate giving You have the vision for making a difference. So do we. We help you plan how to give based on your goals. DISCOVER OUR CORPORATE GIVING SOLUTIONS Discover effective ways to give Get your organisation and your people giving Maximise your impact Give more effectively by aligning your company’s giving goals with the needs of social purpose organisations Resources for effective giving Guides and tools for giving with greater impact Back Discover effective ways to give We combine our in-depth sector expertise, governance support, and tax-efficient giving solutions to help your company (and your employees) make meaningful change. EXPLORE OUR CORPORATE GIVING SOLUTIONS Get a company giving account Set up payroll giving Make a commitment to Matched Giving Set up a corporate foundation Inspire workplace fundraising Back Maximise your impact From strategic advice to grantmaking and social investment, we can work together to drive meaningful change beyond corporate charitable giving. EXPLORE OUR IMPACT ACCELERATOR Get strategic advice Create a grant programme Provide social investment Back Resources for effective giving Resources to help inspire and inform your corporate giving. EXPLORE OUR CORPORATE GIVING RESOURCES Back Services for charities Helping your charity or social enterprise become more resilient. DISCOVER HOW WE SUPPORT CHARITIES Funding for charities Explore our funding, finance, and advisory services Charity banking and investments Discover our everyday banking, loans and investment funds for charities and social enterprises Strategic consultancy Access expert consultancy to support your organisational development Resources for charities Guides and tools to build your charity’s resilience Back Funding for charities As a charity, we understand the financial challenges you face. We’re here to help strengthen the long-term resilience of your charity or social enterprise. EXPLORE OUR FUNDING OPPORTUNITIES Fundraise online Manage your CAF donations Apply for an unsecured loan Apply for secured loan Explore information on grants Back Charity banking and investments Through our subsidiaries CAF Bank and CAF Financial Solutions Limited (CFSL), we work with you to find the best place for your money. EXPLORE OUR FINANCIAL SERVICES Current account Savings accounts Secured loans Investments Back Strategic consultancy We've been working with charities for over 100 years. So, we know that if your charity is going to have real impact you need the right support and strategy in place. LEARN MORE ABOUT CHARITY ADVISORY Back Resources for charities Expert resources to help navigate rising costs and build your charity’s resilience. EXPLORE OUR RESOURCES FOR CHARITIES Back Insights Discover the latest insights for donors and charitable organisations to help create a greater impact Explore Research Inside Giving: the data on giving behaviour and the charity landscape Blog News and opinions from the experts in charitable giving and the sector Back Research Discover insight into donor behaviour, key issues affecting charities and responses to significant UK events. Explore Back Blog News and opinions from the experts in charitable giving and the sector Explore Back About us We are a leading charity, working at the centre of the giving world. We help donors to give more impactfully and charities to build their resilience so they can do more of their life-changing work. Find out more about CAF 100 years of CAF Learn about how we've been leading innovative ways of giving for a century Governance and policies Explore how we operate as an organisation Press office See the latest news from CAF, the giving sector experts Public affairs and policy Policy recommendations for the future of giving Partner with us Join our international network Careers Our vacancies and what it's like working at CAF Back 100 years of CAF From a £1,000 legacy to distributing over £1 billion to charities annually. FOLLOW OUR JOURNEY Back Governance and policies As a registered charity (number 268369) we operate in a specific way. Learn more about how we are run with essential information on leadership and governance. Learn more Annual reports Our trustees and executives Legal and regulatory information Standards and conduct policy Sustainability commitment Back Press office View our latest press releases or contact us for commentary on philanthropy, corporate giving and issues facing the charity sector. Find out more Press releases Spokespeople Back Public affairs and policy We use our expertise in philanthropy and charitable giving to amplify the charity sector’s voice and needs, working with government, policy makers and regulators to bring about change. EXPLORE OUR POLICY WORK Back Partner with us The CAF International Network is a group of locally led, independent organisations from across the world, extending our reach beyond the UK, US and Canada. Find out more Back Careers At the Charities Aid Foundation (CAF), we don’t just talk about impact, we actively shape it. Find a rewarding and meaningful career at CAF, where together, we give more. View our vacancies TOGETHER WE GIVE MORE CAF is a leading charity, working at the centre of the giving world. We help donors to give more impactfully and charities to build their resilience so they can do more of their life-changing work. Better giving starts here Welcome to the Charities Aid Foundation For over a century, we’ve led the way in developing innovative approaches to giving. We partner with corporate and individual donors to enable them to give more effectively and impactfully. Annually, we distribute over £1
    billion to non-profits around the globe. We also help charities and social enterprises to strengthen their resilience through our strategic advice and specialist services. Using our research and policy expertise, we help shape the wider
    environment for charities and donors. Together, we work to accelerate progress in society towards a fair and sustainable future for all. INSIGHTS OUR WORK IN ACTION SEE ALL Research World Giving Report 2025 Our World Giving Report: Charity Insights explores the trends and challenges for over 3,000 charities in 27 countries. It follows the publication of World Giving Report: Donor Insights earlier this year, which uncovered insights into global giving. Go to worldgivingreport.org Research UK Charity Insights Report 2025 Explore how resilient the UK’s charity sector is, and uncover detailed insights into the views of charity leaders around the country. Learn more Research Corporate Giving 2025 Explore how UK businesses are shaping their communities and discover how your organisation can drive meaningful change. View the findings Research The Philanthropy Advantage Report 2025 Explore high-net-worth individuals’ views on the importance of philanthropy, and the role advisers can play leading more charitable giving conversations with their clients. Download now FIND OUT HOW WE CAN HELP Personal giving Corporate giving Services for charities Personal giving From one-off donations to long-term giving, or designing your personal philanthropic strategy, we work together to help you realise your giving ambitions. DISCOVER OUR PERSONAL GIVING SOLUTIONS Discover effective ways to give Explore the best ways to give that match your ambitions Maximise your impact Give more effectively by aligning your giving goals with the needs of social purpose organisations Resources for effective giving Expert content to help inspire and inform your giving The basics you need to know about payroll giving Payroll giving is a powerful way for you to make a difference to the charities and causes close to your heart. Read more Corporate giving You have the vision for making a difference. So do we. We help you plan how to give based on your goals DISCOVER OUR CORPORATE GIVING SOLUTIONS Discover effective ways to give Get your organisation and your people giving Maximise your impact Give more effectively by aligning your company’s giving goals with the needs of social purpose organisations Resources for effective giving Resources to help inspire and inform your corporate giving Corporate Giving 2025 Explore how UK businesses are shaping their communities and discover how your organisation can drive meaningful change. View the findings Services for charities Helping your charity or social enterprise become more resilient for the long term. DISCOVER HOW WE SUPPORT CHARITIES Funding for charities Explore our funding, finance, and advisory services Charity banking and investments Discover our everyday banking, loans and investment funds for charities and social enterprises Resources for charities Expert resources to help navigate rising costs and build your charity's resilience Charities Guide to Investing Charities are facing many challenges in meeting demand, covering costs and raising sufficient donation income. Maximising return on income, savings and investments has never been more important. Download the guide Supporting our clients See All CAF Bank case study Brunelcare Learn about how a secured loan from CAF Bank supported the revitalisation and expansion of Brunelcare’s social housing. CAF Bank December 17, 2025 CAF Bank case study Hastings and Bexhill Mencap Learn about how a secured loan from CAF Bank supported Hastings and Bexhill Mencap's new arts centre redevelopment for people with learning disabilities. CAF Bank December 15, 2025 Personal giving case study Rooted in the past, giving for the future Barbara Browse believes doing good is a way of life. Through her Charitable Trust, she champions nature, science, and access — with her latest gift restoring Kew Gardens’ Palm House. CAF November 25, 2025 CAF Bank case study Entrain Space Entrain Space approached CAF Bank to consolidate their outstanding loans as they wanted to simplify their finances and focus more time on supporting the needs of ex-service personal. CAF Bank November 06, 2025 Charities case study NEYDL's story North East Young Dads and Lads (NEYDL) expanded its income to support more young fathers. CAF June 23, 2025 Corporate giving case study Landsec's story Landsec energised their employees and  transformed the lives of the communities they operate in. CAF June 23, 2025 Personal giving case study Trevor's story Trevor Dickey used his charitable giving to break the cycle of female poverty for beekeepers in Burkina Faso. CAF June 23, 2025 Social investment case study Supporting more people affected by brain injury in Kent Providing working capital to enable Brains Matter to manage its cashflow and develop new services. Brains Matter June 23, 2025 Social investment case study Social investment for greener travel in Cardiff Enabling The Bike Lock to open Cardiff’s first and only indoor bike storage unit and café, supporting healthy and environmentally sustainable travel. The Bike Lock June 23, 2025 Corporate giving case study Smiths group foundation: Engineering social impact Discover how the Smiths Group Foundation partnered with CAF to create a strategic global grant programme, supporting employee-nominated charities and helping drive employee engagement. CAF June 19, 2025 Personal giving case study Driving innovation and sustainable financing for conservation How a CAF client is supporting collective giving to address global climate and biodiversity issues. Private Client April 03, 2025 CAF Bank case study Enabling AIHA to expand community housing provision A loan from CAF Bank is helping the Agudas Israel Housing Association to increase its provision of affordable community housing. April 02, 2025 Charities case study Sophie Hayes Foundation: developing a future fundraising strategy Our Advisory team are supporting Sophie Hayes Foundation to design a fundraising strategy that is fit for the long-term. March 28, 2025 Charities case study Esteem: securing a safe space for young adults Learn how Sussex-based youth charity Esteem were able to secure a base for their young people with our Advisory support. March 25, 2025 CAF Bank case study Lending to support Shropshire’s wildlife CAF Bank are supporting Cuan Wildlife Rescue to secure shop premises that will help ensure the continued care of wildlife across Shropshire. March 13, 2025 Corporate giving case study Skipton Group: Driving change in society through giving For the Skipton Group, their giving programme is a way to live their values and do tangible good in areas that are important to them. CAF September 05, 2024 Personal giving case study Investing philanthropic capital in the power of reproductive choice One CAF client, a family foundation, was drawn to MSI Reproductive Choice’s work, and the impact its programmes are having on the lives of the world’s poorest and most marginalised women and girls. Private client September 04, 2024 Corporate giving case study Landsec: Increasing opportunities Supporting Landsec step by step on its corporate giving journey: creating opportunities, building for the future. CAF July 23, 2024 Personal giving case study Securing long-term protection for a valuable habitat Using their Charitable Trust, Mark and Julie Mills ensure a precious habitat is protected from development, allowing the vulnerable and endangered species to thrive. Private client June 20, 2024 Social investment case study Bringing solar energy to the community How social investment helped reduce energy bills and carbon emissions for vulnerable households. Energise Barnsley May 07, 2024 Social investment case study K10 Apprenticeships How a £200,000 social investment helped grow K10 Apprenticeship’s sustainability and creditworthiness. K10 Apprenticeships May 07, 2024 CAF Donate case study Building strong foundations with CAF Donate BuildAid has raised nearly £23,000 to fund their latest construction project – an orphanage in the Philippines. BuildAid May 03, 2024 CAF Donate case study Raising the profile for lifesaving donations Fundraising with CAF Donate has helped Team Margot Foundation honour the legacy of a loved one. Team Margot Foundation April 08, 2024 CAF Donate case study Giving a voice to those in care How CAF Donate is helping Who Cares? Scotland offer a platform for care-experienced people to have their voice heard. Who Cares? Scotland February 01, 2024 CAF Bank case study Social impact, regenerative farming and renewable energy Providing green loan finance to enhance the environment, provide organic food, employment and volunteering opportunities. Stockwood Community Benefit Society January 09, 2024 CAF Bank case study Affordable homes for local people How we helped build 12 new homes, providing an affordable place to live for local people. The Poland Trust December 20, 2023 Charities case study Golden Opportunity Skills and Development Building resilience for a charity supporting youth employability in BAME communities. GOSAD October 17, 2023 Charities case study Planting seeds to grow a community It is proven that staying active, taking up new skills, and feeling connected to your community, are key for wellbeing. Lawrence Weston Community Farm October 16, 2023 Charities case study The Churches Trust Building resilience for a charity supporting communities in Northern Ireland The Churches Trust October 03, 2023 Corporate giving case study Spirax-Sarco Engineering: Breaking down barriers together Helping Spirax-Sarco Engineering achieve and measure the impact of their newly established Education Fund. Spirax-Sarco Engineering May 30, 2023 Deposit platform case study A savings portfolio helps to fund a charity’s growth How the Flicka Foundation's savings strategy is helping to strengthen the capacity of its dedicated team. Flicka Foundation April 30, 2023 CAF Bank case study Supporting the homeless in Kent How we helped Porchlight expand its property portfolio to support people experiencing homelessness. Porchlight April 25, 2023 Corporate giving case study BNP Paribas UK: Collaborating for impact How we supported BNP Paribas UK to collaborate on sustainability education in disadvantaged communities. BNP Paribas UK April 25, 2023 Corporate giving case study The pharmaceutical industry's rapid response to a crisis How we helped convene a collaborative approach to tackling the effects of the pandemic. AstraZeneca March 30, 2023 Deposit platform case study Putting surplus cash to work How a charity’s savings strategy is helping to fund its growth AKT February 28, 2023 Corporate giving case study TSG: Co-desiging a corporate giving strategy How Technology Services Group is tackling the digital divide in the UK with guidance from CAF. Technology Services Group December 30, 2022 Legacies case study Saving lives at sea How a CAF Legacy pledger followed in his ancestor’s footsteps to fund the build of a RNLI lifeboat John Sharp November 30, 2022 Personal giving case study Delivering lasting impacts for nature One CAF client is funding the vital work of local wildlife charities working to restore nature and protect wildlife. Private client October 31, 2022 CAF Bank case study Renovated homes raise quality of life How the renovation of poor-quality tenements will provide residents with secure, affordable homes. Govanhill Housing Association October 11, 2022 CAF Bank case study Safer, fit for purpose homes How we helped fund new homes, bungalows and offices for a housing trust. Housing Pathway Trust October 03, 2022 CAF Bank case study Affordable homes for city living How a local YMCA has provided 26 affordable homes for young people, with loan finance from CAF Bank. YMCA Exeter June 27, 2022 Charities case study Environment Agency: supporting stronger catchment partnerships Learn how a CAF led pilot programme helped to build organisational resilience and independence for catchment partnerships. Environment Agency May 17, 2022 Charities case study Lloyds Bank Foundation: Enhanced support for local charities Developing planning, fundraising and governance for small charities supported by Lloyds Bank Foundation for England & Wales Lloyds Bank Foundation April 12, 2022 CAF Bank case study Affordable homes for people in need How finance from CAF Bank helped provide affordable homes for people in acute housing need. Dolphin Living February 08, 2022 CAF Bank case study YMCA campus builds a brighter future How CAF Bank finance helped develop a state-of-the-art building, offering a safe place and support for young people. YMCA Milton Keynes January 10, 2022 Corporate giving case study Johnson Matthey: aligning strategy with purpose How we created and delivered a global community impact programme with Johnson Matthey. Johnson Matthey December 30, 2021 Charities case study North East Young Dads and Lads Creating and delivering a corporate engagement strategy to diversify income and build resilience NEYDL December 21, 2021 CAF Bank case study Long-term loan for affordable homes How a CAF Bank loan helped a housing association make social rent homes affordable for people in need. Castlehill Housing Association December 06, 2021 CAF Bank case study Affordable homes in regenerated areas How a housing association is redeveloping derelict sites to build sought after homes at affordable rent. Clydebank Housing Association November 02, 2021 Corporate giving case study AstraZeneca: Grantmaking for global youth health AstraZeneca’s Young Health Programme is just one way in which we help them work towards achieving UN SDG 3.4. AstraZeneca September 15, 2021 CAF Bank case study Affordable homes for older people How we helped an almshouse charity build three new housing schemes for social rent. DAMHA September 07, 2021 CAF Bank case study A safe base for trafficking survivors How we helped secure a new home for Snowdrop Project to continue its vital work. Snowdrop Project June 21, 2021 CAF Bank case study Refurbishing a property to tackle homelessness A former care home has been redeveloped into a 14 bedroom house to accommodate homeless people. Haven Sent Properties March 24, 2021 CAF Bank case study Removing barriers through positive steps Helping Scottish, Christian charity offer an outreach service for disadvantaged people in the community. Positive Steps March 16, 2021 CAF Bank case study Waypoint church achieves its vision for more space With the help of a loan from CAF Bank, Waypoint Church creates a new space to connect with more people. Waypoint Church June 19, 2020 CAF Bank case study Breathing new life into heritage buildings With a loan from CAF Bank, St Vincents and St Georges purchases significant buildings that have fallen into disrepair. St Vincents and St Georges June 01, 2020 Legacies case study £277,000 boost for sight loss research How a legacy gift is supporting cutting-edge studies into macular disease, the biggest cause of sight loss. Jean Williams May 28, 2020 Legacies case study Tackling rural isolation stitch by stitch How a legacy gift is funding a local sewing group in Wales, to share skills and combat loneliness. Jean Williams February 29, 2020 Personal giving case study Funding a high impact project in Burkina Faso Fifty women in Burkina Faso are paving the way for future generations of female beekeepers in their community. Trevor Dickety January 06, 2020 Legacies case study Helping emerging entrepreneurs at the University of East Anglia How a legacy gift is helping to transform the lives of young entrepreneurial minds at UEA. William Arthur Hamlin December 31, 2019 Personal giving case study Martin Lewis' strategic giving for long-term social impact How ‘Consumer-champion’ Martin Lewis uses his Charitable Trust to give with purpose. Martin Lewis December 02, 2019 Legacies case study Empowering local causes and communities How one of the largest legacy distributions that we’ve managed, has helped support small local organisations. Private client October 30, 2019 Legacies case study Preserving the past for a brighter future How a legacy gift is helping to finance plans to restore 200 year-old Hough Mill to its former glory. Private client September 24, 2019 Legacies case study Striking the right chord with a legacy gift How a legacy gift is helping Wigmore Hall attract a younger audience to live music events. Peter Flatter June 26, 2019 <script type="text/javascript" id="aoform-script-9b398dd9-e01f-43fd-9106-8bca4bbb0d7b:d-0001">!function(o,t,e,a){o._aoForms=o._aoForms||[],o._aoForms.push(a);var n=function(){var o=t.createElement(e);o.src=("https:"==t.location.protocol?"https://":"http://")+"service.charitiesaidfoundation.org.uk/acton/content/form_embed.js",o.async=!0;for(var a=t.getElementsByTagName(e)[0],n=a.parentNode,c=document.getElementsByTagName("script"),r=!1,s=0;s<c.length;s++){if(c[s].getAttribute("src")==o.getAttribute("src"))r=!0;}r?typeof(_aoFormLoader)!="undefined"?_aoFormLoader.load({id:"9b398dd9-e01f-43fd-9106-8bca4bbb0d7b:d-0001",accountId:"10250",domain:"service.charitiesaidfoundation.org.uk",isTemp:false,noStyle:false,prefill:false}):"":n.insertBefore(o,a)};window.attachEvent?window.attachEvent("onload",n):window.addEventListener("load",n,!1),n()}(window,document,"script",{id:"9b398dd9-e01f-43fd-9106-8bca4bbb0d7b",accountId:"10250",domain:"service.charitiesaidfoundation.org.uk",isTemp:false,noStyle:false,prefill:false});</script> EXPLORE WHY BETTER GIVING STARTS HERE For personal donors Find out how we partner with private donors to help them realise greater impact from their generosity. Through our collaboration, we make their giving as effective and impactful as possible. Discover more For businesses Discover how we help businesses energise, inspire and unite their employees. Working together, we align their corporate giving goals to the causes that matter to their organisation and its people, and the communities in which they work. DISCOVER MORE For charities Learn how we enable charities to realise their ambitions, build their resilience and grow their donations. So, they can do even more life-changing work. Discover here We unite people, charities, and companies to transform good intentions into lasting social impact. Personal giving Discover effective ways to give Get a giving account Give through a charitable trust Make a large, one-off gift Give through your payroll Give as a dual US/UK taxpayer Leave a legacy gift Maximise your impact Get strategic advice Provide social investment Services for professional advisers Resource for effective giving Corporate giving Discover effective ways to give Get a company giving account Set up payroll giving Set up a corporate foundation Inspire workplace fundraising Maximise your impact Get strategic advice Create a grant programme Provide social investment Resource for effective giving Services for charities Funding for charities Fundraise online Manage your CAF donations Apply for an unsecured loan Apply for a secured loan Information on grants Charity banking and investments Current account Savings account Loans Strategic consultancy Resources for charities Insights Blogs Research About us 100 Years at CAF Partner with us Governance & policies Press Office Public affairs and policy Careers Contact us Email us Call us: 03000 123 000 Complaints Information Sitemap Accessibility Privacy notice Cookie notice Modern slavery statement Gender Pay Gap Report Charities Aid Foundation © 2024 | Registered Charity Number 268369 25 Kings Hill Avenue, Kings Hill, West Malling, Kent ME19 4TA 30 Old Broad Street, London EC2N 1HT Welcome to your refreshed cafonline.org ! We've made some changes to our website. Thereâ€™s a new design and navigation and we've added more content for you to explore. Please note: the pages after you log in are staying the same for now. Please use our contact us form if you would like to contact us about the website. DISMISS  >