CakePHP - Build fast, grow solid | PHP Framework | Home Documentation Book API Videos Reporting Security Issues Privacy Policy Logos & Trademarks Business Solutions Swag Showcase Team Community Community Get Involved Issues (Github) Bakery Featured Resources Training Meetups My CakePHP CakeFest Newsletter Linkedin Youtube Facebook Twitter Mastodon Help & Support Forum Stack Overflow Slack Discord Paid Support en jp pt DONATE × Documentation Book API Videos Reporting Security Issues Privacy Policy Logos & Trademarks Business Solutions Swag Team Community Help &
												Support Forum Stack Overflow Slack Discord Paid Support Community Get Involved Issues (Github) Bakery Featured Resources Training Meetups My CakePHP CakeFest Newsletter Linkedin Youtube Facebook Twitter Mastodon Language: en jp pt DONATE New CakePHP 5.2 Chiffon. Faster. Simple. Delicious. DOWNLOAD Docs API What's new in 5.2 The migration guide has a complete list of what's new in 5.2 . We recommend you give that page a read when upgrading. A few highlights from 5.2 are: New "counter_cache" command New "nativeuuid" database type Error handling customization using methods in "ErrorController" Helper method for generation importmap for JavaScript files Support for PHPUnit 12 Learn more Business Solutions CakeDC, the commercial entity behind the CakePHP framework, was established by Larry Masters, the
                   founder of CakePHP. CakeDC offers CakePHP development, consultancy, CakePHP training and code review Services.
                    From startups and social networks, to e-commerce and enterprise level applications, CakeDC provides
                   the highest quality CakePHP development available. Learn more A recipe to succeed. Prototype faster, Validate faster, Grow consistently. Build Quickly Use code generation and scaffolding features to rapidly build prototypes . No Configuration No complicated XML or YAML files. Just setup your database and you're ready to
								bake . Friendly License CakePHP is licensed under the MIT license which makes it perfect for use in Commercial applications . Batteries Included The things you need are built-in . Translations, database access, caching,
							validation, authentication, and much more are all built into one of the original PHP MVC
							frameworks. Clean MVC Conventions Instead of having to plan where things go, CakePHP comes with a set of
								conventions to guide you in developing your application. Secure CakePHP comes with built-in tools for input validation, CSRF protection, Form tampering protection, SQL injection prevention. CakePHP codebase itself has been audited through the Mozilla Secure Open Source program. Sharing the cake. Get involved and support the community. If you're interested in contributing to CakePHP and supporting the community then we'd love for you to join us, there are a variety of ways to get involved and help out. Learn more Companies using CakePHP Here are some of the companies trusting our framework. View Showcase We got a high ROI from converting our custom PHP app to CakePHP . We love the continually expanding suite of utilities, plugins, and development patterns at our disposal! Megan Danz Harbor Compliance CakePHP was the most efficient way we could find to rapidly develop our intricate system .  We needed a platform that could handle our high volume of users without issues and CakePHP has certainly delivered. Brad Lambden iWorkZone From the simplest micro kiosk app to my highly complex gallery management app, CakePHP is the framework of choice . It allows modular development that makes sense, and it's architecturally solid and performant. Whatever you are building, CakePHP can help you get it done. Julian Sander Gallery Assistant Having inherited this CakePHP project, I didn’t choose CakePHP so much as chose to continue using it .  After seeing the power and functionality of the framework in use, it wasn’t a difficult choice to make. Dwayne Sander Alerrt A word from our sponsors: CakeDC is the commercial entity behind the framework and was established by Larry Masters, founder of CakePHP. From startups and social networks, to e-commerce and enterprise level applications, CakeDC provides the highest quality CakePHP development available. CakeDC is committed to supporting the CakePHP framework and community. Linode is the largest independent open cloud provider in the world with 10 global data centers serving over 800,000 customers and businesses around the globe. Linode products, services, and people enable developers and businesses to build, deploy, and scale applications more easily and cost-effectively in the cloud. Sign up for our newsletter. Submit English Lists Newsletter Events Security Freelancers Email Format html text Lista en Español Boletín de Noticias Eventos Seguridad Freelancers Follow @CakePHP My CakePHP Username Password Login Remember me Forgot your password? New user? Register! Business Solutions Showcase Documentation Book API Videos Reporting Security Issues Privacy Policy Logos & Trademarks Community Get Involved Issues (Github) Bakery Featured Resources Training Meetups My CakePHP CakeFest Newsletter Linkedin Youtube Facebook Twitter Mastodon Help & Support Forum Stack Overflow Slack Discord Paid Support u Copyright © Cake Software Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved. Designs by Ibaldo .