Cake: Global Talent Network - Find jobs, create resumes, portfolios, and build real connections Log In Sign Up Jobs Job Search Explore all available job openings across industries and locations. Company Search Find your dream jobs categorized by company names. Themed Jobs Discover job opportunities organized by specific themes or industries. Download our App Tools Resume Create your job-winning resume using our free AI Resume Builder. AI Resume Checker New Optimize your resume to match job descriptions and pass ATS screening. Portfolio Showcase your skills and projects with a professional portfolio. Cake AI Utilize our Cake AI-powered products to accelerate job search and talent match. What Cake R U? Pro Unlock your workplace personality in 3 minutes and discover your unique strengths! Resume Create your job-winning resume using our free AI Resume Builder. AI Resume Builder Make a resume for free. Resume Templates Access our extensive library of professional & ready-to-use templates. Featured Resumes Browse our selection of top resumes shared by our users. Resume Examples Access resume writing guides tailored for different professions. Resume Help Get expert advice on all things resume from our team of recruitment specialists. AI Resume Checker New Optimize your resume to match job descriptions and pass ATS screening. Portfolio Showcase your skills and projects with a professional portfolio. Portfolio Maker Create a professional portfolio to highlight your skills and projects. Portfolio Gallery Browse through our collection of real portfolios for inspiration and networking. Cake AI Utilize our Cake AI-powered products to accelerate job search and talent match. What Cake R U? Pro Unlock your workplace personality in 3 minutes and discover your unique strengths! Resources Articles Read insightful articles on career development, job search strategies, and more. View All Articles Job Search Guide Resume & CV Cover Letter Portfolio Interview Skills Job Search Tips Industry & Job Overview Career Guidance Career Planning Career Tools Career Development Personal Branding Success Stories Success Stories Business Excellence People Operations Recruitment & HR About Cake People & Culture News & Updates Events Featured Reads Resume & CV What to Write in an Email When Sending a Resume [+ Examples & Tips] Read More Pricing Cake Premium Hire Welcome to Cake for Employers Consolidating Talent Search, Job Posting, and ATS to provide you with a seamless, unified hiring experience. Learn more Recruitment Software Sourcing Talent Search Job Posting ATS Recruitment Solutions Recruitment Consulting Employer Branding Employer of Record (EOR) Staffing Services Pricing & proof Cake Pricing Plans English English 中文（繁體） 中文（简体） Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 Powered by AI Log In Sign Up English 中文（繁體） 中文（简体） Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 Powered by AI Jobs Job Search Explore all available job openings across industries and locations. Company Search Find your dream jobs categorized by company names. Themed Jobs Discover job opportunities organized by specific themes or industries. Download our App Tools Resume Create your job-winning resume using our free AI Resume Builder. AI Resume Checker New Optimize your resume to match job descriptions and pass ATS screening. Portfolio Showcase your skills and projects with a professional portfolio. Cake AI Utilize our Cake AI-powered products to accelerate job search and talent match. What Cake R U? Pro Unlock your workplace personality in 3 minutes and discover your unique strengths! Resume Create your job-winning resume using our free AI Resume Builder. AI Resume Builder Make a resume for free. Resume Templates Access our extensive library of professional & ready-to-use templates. Featured Resumes Browse our selection of top resumes shared by our users. Resume Examples Access resume writing guides tailored for different professions. Resume Help Get expert advice on all things resume from our team of recruitment specialists. AI Resume Checker New Optimize your resume to match job descriptions and pass ATS screening. Portfolio Showcase your skills and projects with a professional portfolio. Portfolio Maker Create a professional portfolio to highlight your skills and projects. Portfolio Gallery Browse through our collection of real portfolios for inspiration and networking. Cake AI Utilize our Cake AI-powered products to accelerate job search and talent match. What Cake R U? Pro Unlock your workplace personality in 3 minutes and discover your unique strengths! Resources Articles Read insightful articles on career development, job search strategies, and more. View All Articles Job Search Guide Resume & CV Cover Letter Portfolio Interview Skills Job Search Tips Industry & Job Overview Career Guidance Career Planning Career Tools Career Development Personal Branding Success Stories Success Stories Business Excellence People Operations Recruitment & HR About Cake People & Culture News & Updates Events Pricing Cake Premium Hire Welcome to Cake for Employers Consolidating Talent Search, Job Posting, and ATS to provide you with a seamless, unified hiring experience. Learn more Recruitment Software Sourcing Talent Search Job Posting ATS Recruitment Solutions Recruitment Consulting Employer Branding Employer of Record (EOR) Staffing Services Pricing & proof Cake Pricing Plans Download our App Build Resume, Create Portfolio, and Find Jobs All-in-One Platform for Professional Networking and Career Growth Join Cake’s global talent network to connect with top companies and explore job opportunities. Use our patented resume builder, create a standout portfolio, and find jobs with AI-powered matching—all in one platform. Sign Up Now Build resumes and portfolios, and explore jobs from thousands of companies—all for free Job Search High-quality job openings Explore high-quality job openings, target ideal companies Uncover exciting job openings with transparent salary and company information. Learn more Build resumes and portfolios, and explore jobs from thousands of companies—all for free Meet Talent Build professional connections AI Resume Builder Resumes favored by employers Portfolio Maker Showcase your achievements Cake AI Enhance job-seeking competitiveness Explore high-quality job openings, target ideal companies Uncover exciting job openings with transparent salary and company information. Learn more Build resumes and portfolios, and explore jobs from thousands of companies—all for free Companies searching for talents on Cake: Global Talent Network An all-in-one career platform, fulfilling all your career needs Cake Profile Build your personal brand online Build your professional brand with Cake Profile—a gateway for employers, recruiters, and professionals to discover your talents. Cake Messenger Real-time message exchange Profile Analytics Clear reports to your profile performance Cake AI Precise job recommendation and new connection matching Build your professional brand with Cake Profile—a gateway for employers, recruiters, and professionals to discover your talents. Sign Up Now Cake App: Don't Miss Important Career Opportunities Install the Cake mobile app to stay informed about the latest openings. Never miss important notifications, anytime, anywhere. Testimonials Hear from Our Users Customizable resumes and intuitive user interface make Cake a favorable choice by employers. With a more proactive approach than traditional human banks, we can accurately and effectively find the suitable talents at the same time reach international talents to increase the recruiting success rate. Sunny HR Specialist ・ Yahoo Cake’s clear and easy to use search tools and UI, straightforward resume templates and management tools all allow us to quickly find the right fit who fits in with the company culture and meet’s the company’s needs. Cake is the next generation’s talent matching platform. Wei-Fan Chen Founder ・ Fourdesire Cake’s clear and comprehensible resumes not only highlight applicants’ strengths but also allow managers to efficiently go through resumes to get the gist of applicants’ expertise. It is exciting to have had a successful recruitment in such a short time! With Cake, we’re able to reach out to applicants from different platforms and diversified our sourcing channels. Ginger Senior HR Specialist ・ Trend Micro The UI design of Cake is clean, and its resume builder is getting more and more functional. Employers are able to detect candidates via the design & conception of their resumes. We have targeted and interviewed some candidates on Cake, and the qualities are fine. Cake provides us another channel to search for excellent talents, and we look forward to the benefit it will bring to us! Chloe HR Specialist ・ Garmin Sign Up Now Career resources Explore our extensive career resource library Resume templates Select from our collection of professional resume templates and customize them to suit your needs. View resume templates Resume examples Browse resumes shared by other users to find inspiration. Explore resumes Portfolio and community templates Explore diverse portfolios for creative inspiration Explore resumes Resource center Explore more job interview tips and career development advice at the Cake Career Resource Center Go to resource center Sign Up Now FAQ Frequently Asked Questions How can Cake help me find a job? Cake’s AI Resume Builder is a tool that helps job seekers create professional resumes in minutes. Our drag-and-drop editor gives you full control to design and customize templates exactly how you want — while AI assists you in writing sharper, more impactful content.

With Cake, you can: Customize from 50+ professional resume templates Browse featured resumes from 9M+ successful job seekers Get AI-powered writing suggestions to refine tone, fix grammar, and highlight key achievements Add photos, videos, and multimedia to make your resume stand out Download your completed resume as PDF instantly Track who views your shared resume online Link your portfolio to show real work samples How can employers, headhunters and other find me on Cake? Employers, talent search consultants, and others can find you via your public Cake profile information , Meet Profile , Resume Wall , and Portfolio Wall . If you're an employer in search of talent to join your team, please reach out to our talent search consultant team. How can I create a resume on Cake for free? Cake provides an easy-to-use online AI resume builder with multiple ATS-friendly resume templates and snippets that are 100% free. How can I expand my professional network using Cake? By creating a profile on Cake, you can easily build your personal brand and attract employers or other talent to see you. Additionally, you can use Meet on the Cake mobile app to connect with corporate employers, headhunters, job seekers, industry leaders, and students/interns, expanding your professional network. How does Cake protect my personal data? Cake offers a range of privacy settings for resumes and personal files, allowing you to delete your data from the Cake platform at any time. For further assistance, contact our customer service team by sending a message or email [email protected] to make specific requests. For details on how Cake protects users' personal data, refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . What tools is backed by Cake AI? Cake AI supports job seekers throughout their journey with tools like an AI resume health check, AI cover letter generator, and timely recommendations for suitable job vacancies. How can I receive job opening notifications from Cake? When searching for vacancies on Cake, you can save your desired filter criteria. Cake will regularly notify you of new vacancies that match your criteria. Additionally, Cake's AI recommendation system suggests job openings tailored to your job search needs. Download our mobile app to stay updated on important job vacancy information. Do I need to pay for any of these tools? All tools on Cake are free, including the job search portal and portfolio creation tool. You can create and download a resume for free. For additional features such as creating multiple resumes and accessing advanced resume tools, please refer to our resume builder pricing plan . Sign Up Now Company About Cake Premium Job Posting Plans Talent Search Plans Press Kit Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2025 Cake Solutions AI Resume Builder Portfolio Maker Job Search Cake AI Job Posting – Get Started for Free Talent Search Recruitment Consulting Employer of Record (EOR) Employer Branding Staffing Services Job Search Job Categories Remote Work Internship Part-Time Jobs Resources Articles Free eBook Resume Examples Resume Templates Help Center Languages English English 中文（繁體） 中文（简体） Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 Powered by AI Follow Us Follow us on social media to get the latest information about resume writing, job hunting, and recruitment! Cake Job Search