 California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, CA It seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To view this site, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options and try again. Jump to main content Cal Academy will be open late until 6 p.m. December 26–30. See holiday hours 1 California Academy of Sciences Tickets Join Donate Toggle Close Search calacademy.org Toggle smartphone navigation Home Visit Hours & Admission Daily Calendar Getting Here Tours Groups Dining Academy Store Plan an Event Exhibits & Events Claude Forever Aquarium Planetarium Rainforest Natural History Museum NightLife Sleepovers Birthday Parties Lectures & Workshops Learn & Explore Phenomena Blog Academy @ Home Meet Our Scientists Scientific Expeditions Creature Closeups Community Science Youth Programs Apps & Interactives Live Webcams For Educators For Scientists About Us Mission: Regeneration Strategic Initiatives Animal Care & Wellbeing Vision & Values Leadership Careers & Paid Internships Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & Access Support Membership Donor Circles Gift & Estate Planning Corporate Engagement Foundation Partnerships Annual Fundraisers Volunteer Wake up your mind. Buy tickets Become a member Buy tickets Holiday gift guide Buy tickets Plan your visit Amazing animals, inspiring science, and family fun—all in the heart of San Francisco’s Golden Gate Park. Claude Forever Today’s hours Member Hour: 8:30–9:30 a.m. Member Hour: 10–11 a.m. NightLife (21+): 6–10 p.m. Hours & schedule Buy tickets Our mission is to regenerate the natural world. Your visit makes you part of it. Steinhart Aquarium Osher Rainforest Morrison Planetarium Kimball Natural History Museum Plan Your Visit Exhibits and shows for explorers of all ages See what's on OPEN DAILY Tiny Chef, Big Impact Add a little character to your holidays. Tiny Chef is in residence at the Academy with a new film, exhibit, photo ops, and more. Let the merry mayhem begin. Yes, Chef! OPEN DAILY Twilight Zone Candy colors. Ingenious adaptations. Extreme conditions. Meet the unusual animals of deep reefs—including some species that have yet to be described. Go Deep 0 Events and activities to kick-start your curiosity Family-friendly programs, 21+ evenings, and DIY science for all MULTIPLE EVENTS DAILY Animal programs Fall in love with our penguins as they line up for lunch. Marvel at colorful tropical fish during our dive show. Plan your visit around our captivating daily programs! Browse Daily Calendar NOW BOOKING Family sleepovers Treat your family to an unforgettable overnight at the museum. Includes an action-packed evening, yummy snacks, next-day admission, parking, and more. Dream On 0 World-changing science starts here Support our work BECOME A FOUNDING SUPPORTER Join the Regeneration Circle We’re growing a movement for nature. Your donation will help us put down roots—and connect you with a community centered around environmental action. Donate Now MEMBERSHIPS START AT $99 Join, renew, or donate Keep up with your favorite creatures by visiting for free all year long—and support our research, education, and access initiatives while you're at it. Become a Member 1 2 Blue ANIMAL NEWS Saying goodbye to Claude It is with a heavy heart that we share the news that Claude, our beloved albino alligator, has passed away at the age of 30. We thank our community and animal care team for loving Claude so fiercely over the years. Learn more Cal Academy will be open late until 6 p.m. December 26–30. See holiday hours Add some life to your inbox. Subscribe to our NightLife newsletter. Email Quick Links Health & Safety Contact Careers Press Store Gift Cards Webcams Resources For Educators For Scientists Discover Phenomena bioGraphic BigPicture Hours Monday–Saturday: 9:30 a.m.–5 p.m. Sunday: 11 a.m.–5 p.m. Thursday NightLife (21+): 6–10 p.m. Connect Facebook Instagram Bluesky Social Media Location California Academy of Sciences info@calacademy.org Golden Gate Park 55 Music Concourse Drive San Francisco , CA 94118 United States Directions & Parking (415) 379-8000 Connect Facebook Instagram Bluesky Social Media Home The California Academy of Sciences is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Our mission is to regenerate the natural world through science, learning, and collaboration. American Association of Zoos & Aquariums © California Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information