This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. We do not sell any personal information.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all cookies
Allow selection
Use necessary cookies only
FAQ
Sign Up
FAQ
Sign Up

Your app is great!

It’s time to give it the engagement it deserves. Let’s team up and improve the lifetime value of your users.

Example app

Voice Recorder

What is the Calldorado SDK?

The multi-award-winning Calldorado SDK presents your app to users in relation to phone calls. Your app displays detailed call information along with relevant features, all enhancing the app experience. 

Serving features relevant to ongoing, missed, or finished phone calls, in a way that makes sense, adds value for the user. The enhancements lead to a surge in engagement and happy users, ultimately helping to sustain the continued use of your app. 

As a result of more engagement, your app will have increased impressions, which results in greater and more sustainable revenue.

Why the Calldorado SDK

After implementing our SDK into your app, it will be presented at the perfect moment in time. Every time a phone call comes in, goes out, or is missed, your app is brought to the center of attention. A direct and regular presentation of your app, straight onto the screens of users at the moment it makes sense, ensures regular and relevant engagement.

Who is it for?

The Calldorado SDK is exclusively for Android, designed for apps that have features which could add value and enhance the user experience when linked to phone calls. These features include but are not limited to, for example, email, notepads, messaging, launching, notifications and many more.

Still not sure how the Calldorado SDK is a fit for you? Contact us today!

Engage more users

Direct presentation of your app to users at the best moment, increasing user engagement.

Effective monetization

Generate substantial revenue for your app as a result of the increased engagement every time users receive, make or miss a call.

Benefit from funding

As a Calldorado publisher your app could be eligible for funding to drive significant growth in your user base. Visit Appvestor.com for more information.

How does it work?

From the moment the phone rings, the SDK is activated and starts to do its magic. The Calldorado SDK enables your app to provide valuable functions and shortens the journey for users to use your app.

The Calldorado SDK integrates a detailed call information screen into your app, which is presented directly to the user every time a phone call is received, made or missed.

After the phone call has ended, your app presents the call information screen along with app features letting your users act on the information they are presented with. For example with calendar apps, you can allow your users to add events immediately after the end of every phone call.

Yes, every phone call! It results in a huge increase in impressions, while simultaneously enhancing the user experience by offering advanced and valuable features.

Loved by app publishers
"Getting our apps marketing funded by Appvestor was really fast and easy.The model is very attractive since we got to keep full ownership of our business and app."
Zoran Gasic
App Owner & Publisher, SMS Robot​
"The best thing about growing my app with Appvestor is that they fund the process AND also take care of the marketing, so I only have to focus on taking care of my app"
Steven Kader
App Owner & Publisher, JaredCo​
"Appvestor has been a huge help in not only growing my apps, but also in offering their support and expertise to ensure my apps maintain a healthy and visible presence on Google Play."
Francisco Raya Bejarano
App owner, Molibe
Legal
Terms of use
Cookie Policy
Company
Careers
About us
Apps

© 2025 Appvestor. All rights reserved.