Home | Cal State LA Skip to main content Cal State LA Students Faculty & Staff Alumni MyCalStateLA Directory Library Quick Links Search APPLY GIVE About Academics Admissions & Aid Student Success Campus Life Diversity Public Good Athletics APPLY GIVE Cal State LA nursing student Briana Zavala, once nine years behind in school, earns CSU Trustees’ Award for Outstanding Achievement Overcoming early hardships, Cal State LA nursing student Briana Zavala earns a CSU Trustees’ Award for Outstanding Achievement and recognition as a top scholar. About Briana Zavala Cal State LA honors outstanding faculty at University Convocation and Investiture Cal State LA honors six outstanding faculty at University Convocation and Investiture, spotlighting excellence in teaching, scholarship, and service. About the Faculty Spring 2026 Admissions Visit Admissions for more information on veterans, graduate programs, credentials, certificates, and returning students. Summer Session Cal State LA ranks No. 1 in upward mobility in California Mobility Index rankings New ranking identifies Cal State LA, which also owns a No. 1 ranking nationally, as California’s top-ranked institution for upward mobility. About the Ranking Cal State LA Homepage Info Sessions Campus Tour Housing Tour #1 For Upward Mobility Cal State LA is ranked number one in the U.S. for the upward mobility of our graduates. That means we’re the best university in the nation at helping our students earn their degrees and propel up the economic ladder. Freshman Freshman Admissions Transfer Transfer Admissions International International Admissions Ready to Apply? Spring 2026 Admissions Opens August 1, 2025, for select programs and applicants | Full details available in July Visit Admissions for admission requirements. Application Tips Apply Now Submit Documents Find Your Passion Our academic programs and research opportunities prepare you to meet the challenges of today’s world, find your place in it, and have an impact. Chart your path to a degree in one of our 100 undergraduate programs, more than 100 graduate-level master’s, certificate and credential programs, and four doctoral programs. We cover nearly every field, from business to the arts, education to engineering, and science to nursing. Majors and Programs Financial Aid Am I Eligible? Talk with an Advisor Apply for Aid Life As a Golden Eagle Make the most of your journey and have fun along the way. Friends & Networking Get involved with over 100 student organizations, including fraternities and sororities. Hands-On Learning Gain valuable professional skills and experience while serving our local communities. Academic Success Outstanding tutors and writing coaches are available to support your academic success. Athletics Take Flight Watch our championship-winning Golden Eagle athletes compete. Students get in free! Get Tickets News Cal State LA TVFM students create game show pilot in groundbreaking course sequence, earning praise from industry legends The student-produced From A to Gen Z features all the elements that make classic game shows fun and unforgettable. Cal State LA Latin American Studies Program celebrates 65 years of teaching, scholarship, and activism Cal State LA’s Latin American Studies Program marked its 65th anniversary with a vibrant two-day celebration honoring a legacy of teaching, scholarship, community engagement, and activism. ROOTS Scholars Fall Symposium brings campus community together in celebration and reflection Cal State LA’s ROOTS Scholars Fall Symposium brought together students, faculty, and staff to celebrate and elevate Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander student voices. Visit the Newsroom Upcoming Events Jan 01 New Year's Day Time:  All day Jan 02 Winter Intersession Time:  All day Jan 19 Martin Luther King Jr. Day Time:  All day More Events 5151 State University Drive Los Angeles, CA 90032 (323) 343-3000 CONNECT Contact Us Media Social Media Hub Ways to Give SERVICES Campus Map Campus Safety Dining on Campus File Viewers Parking & Transportation Student Health Center ADMINISTRATIVE Accessibility Accreditation Annual Security Report Campus Safety Plan CSU System Privacy Title IX Tribal Relations © 2025 Trustees of the California State University Back to top QUICK LINKS Academic Calendar Accessibility Campus Map Commencement Office of the President Student Parent Resources About Academics Admissions & Aid Student Success Campus Life Diversity Public Good Athletics APPLY GIVE MyCalStateLA Directory Library Quick Links Search APPLY GIVE QUICK LINKS Academic Calendar Accessibility Campus Map Commencement Office of the President Student Parent Resources Students Faculty & Staff Alumni