Your cookie choices

We use necessary cookies to make our site work. If you choose to accept optional cookies, it will help us understand your needs better and personalise what you see.

Accept all cookiesDecline optional cookiesChoose your cookie mix
Skip to main content
Search
Menu
One of the oldest
professorships

Sera Markoff appointed 17th Plumian Professor of Astronomy. The black hole expert is latest in line of distinguished astronomers to hold professorship – including Sir Arthur Eddington, Sir Fred Hoyle, and Lord Martin Rees – since 1704.

Undergraduate
Learn more
about undergraduate study
 Find your 
undergraduate
course
Postgraduate
Learn more
about postgraduate study
 Find your 
postgraduate
course
Welcome to Cambridge!
Welcome to Cambridge!
Libraries
Museums
Research
Business and enterprise
Alumni
Sport
News

Updates from across the University

Poetry, art and the fight for clean rivers: the year ahead at Cambridge University Library
2026 promises to be another thrilling year of exhibitions, events and research projects at Cambridge University Library.
How much for a 'bot army'?
For the first time, the Cambridge Online Trust and Safety Index reveals the price of a bot army across hundreds of online platforms with real-time data for fake accounts.
We may never be able to tell if AI becomes conscious
This gulf in knowledge could be exploited by a tech industry intent on selling the “next level of AI cleverness”, argues philosopher Dr Tom McClelland.
See more news
Events

Concerts, lectures, sports events, and more

Exhibitions - LATE at Kettle's Yard: Wednesday 28 January 2026
Students from the Royal College of Art stage an evening of performance, music, talks, and more in the context of Harold Offeh’s exhibition 'Mmm, Gotta Try a Little Harder, It Could be Sweet'.
Admissions - Think Cambridge: until Wednesday 4 February to Friday 13 February
Join our undergraduate Think Cambridge webinar series for an introduction to the University of Cambridge. For students in Years 10, 11 or 12, the series will give you advice about how to apply and the opportunity to hear from current students and staff.
Exhibitions - Made in Ancient Egypt - until Sunday 12 April 2026
From elaborately decorated coffins to the Books of the Dead, ancient Egyptians produced objects which remain iconic today. But who were the makers behind them and how were they made? Find out at the Fitzwilliam Museum's exhibition.
See more events
Student perspectives
A glimpse inside Clare Hall, a graduate college of the University of Cambridge
A glimpse inside Clare Hall, a graduate college of the University of Cambridge

Master's student Richard takes you on a tour of Clare Hall, one of Cambridge's graduate Colleges.

YouTube
Cambridge on Instagram

The final graduations of 2025. Nothing can dampen the joy of graduation, not even the drizzle. See more of Cambridge's places and people by following us on Instagram.

Instagram
Follow us
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Tik Tok
Twitter
YouTube
University of Cambridge

© 2025 University of Cambridge

Contact the University
Accessibility statement
Freedom of information
Privacy policy and cookies
Statement on Modern Slavery
Terms and conditions
University A-Z
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
Professional and continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the University and Colleges work
Give to Cambridge
Jobs
Maps
Visiting the University
Cambridge University Press & Assessment
Research at Cambridge
Research news
About research at Cambridge
Public engagement