Skip to content
Partners
cnMaestro Login
Get a Quote

Cambium Networks

Wireless That Just Works

BEAD
Products
Markets
News & Events
Support
Resources
CONNECTIVITY THAT JUST WORKS.
Simplify Operations with a
Secure Converged Network

Cambium Networks enables enterprises, MSPs, WISPs, and government agencies to manage their networks holistically—freeing IT teams to concentrate on their business and applications instead of individual network elements.

EXPLORE ONE NETWORK

Enterprise Networking

Scalable, secure Wi-Fi networks

Fixed Wireless Access

Connect more people, for less

Fiber Infrastructure

Gigabit speed with fiber solutions

Network Management

End-to-end network solutions

Experience the power of cnMaestro™ X

AI-driven network management that simplifies operations and boosts performance

SEE FOR YOURSELF

Deliver high-speed, reliable connectivity with Cambium Fiber

Designed for seamless planning, monitoring, and subscriber satisfaction

CHECK OUT THE DEMO

Simplify SD-WAN, security, and remote access

Cambium NSE – Optimized for performance and protection at the edge

ACCESS THE DEMO

Boost planning accuracy and streamline deployments

cnHeat – Cambium’s LIDAR-powered tool for wireless network design

TAKE THE GUIDED TOUR

Deploy high-capacity 60 GHz networks with ease

cnMaestro makes cnWave onboarding and monitoring effortless.

SELF-GUIDED DEMO

Manage Wi-Fi, fixed wireless, and fiber

cnMaestro delivers unified control and intelligent automation for your entire network

CHECK OUT ALL THE DEMOS

Design wireless networks with confidence

LINKPlanner delivers accurate, high-performance link planning in just a few clicks

EXPLORE THE DEMO

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Discover unbeatable savings on wireless broadband and Wi-Fi solutions.
SAVE NOW
MARKETS
Residential Broadband

Residential Broadband Made Simple, Scalable, and Affordable

Hospitality

Deliver Exceptional Guest Experiences Across the Entire Property

Multifamily Living

Deliver unsurpassed managed Wi-Fi for multifamily, senior living, student housing, and affordable housing

Oil & Gas

Meet the broadband connectivity demands of a demanding environment.

VIEW ALL
PRODUCT FINDER
LATEST RESOURCES
WATCH ON DEMAND
On Demand Webinar: Mobile-to-Wi-Fi Offload_ Smarter Connectivity for High-Density Venues
CASE STUDY
Rebuilding Warehouse Wi-Fi from the Ground Up: Reinventing Networks with Mezenberg Techniek
CASE STUDY
Conectividad Reimaginada: Magic World Resort Reduce Incidencias y Triplica el Rendimiento de su Red
BROCHURE
Integra Starlink nella rete aziendale con NETWORK SERVICE EDGE Flyer pubblicitario
VIEW ALL
Connect and learn through our upcoming events and webinars.
FIND AN EVENT
CUSTOMER QUOTES

“Software configuration and operations are a snap. We can now confidently deploy fiber as a first option backed up by support that is second to none.”

– Tim Meads, Mountain West Technologies

“Wi-Fi 6 connectivity enables our residents and nurses to do more than ever before. They can now stay connected throughout the facility—while we stay focused on business objectives.”

– Walt Gant, Director, Hackensack Meridian Health

“After several years of experience with several different fixed wireless systems vendors, Sacred Wind is pleased with Cambium’s professionalism, service quality and reliability.”

– John Badal, CEO, Sacred Wind Communications

“We routinely deploy with numerous radio types to ensure we are prepared to support any mission set. We always include our Cambium Networks radios because we know they will always work, even when the other radios do not.”

– USAF

“Working with Cambium Networks and Magicka has helped us realize our vision of a serverless school— which would not have been possible without having robust wireless infrastructure in place.”

– Nick Berryman, Assistant Headteacher, Devonport School for Boys

“Cambium [Wi-Fi APs] provide the scalability, the distributed architecture, the ability to upgrade and most importantly the performance that delights our students and faculty.”

– Timothy Carlyle, Director of Network Computing and Senior UNIX Administrator, Northwest Missouri University

“Software configuration and operations are a snap. We can now confidently deploy fiber as a first option backed up by support that is second to none.”

– Tim Meads, Mountain West Technologies

“Wi-Fi 6 connectivity enables our residents and nurses to do more than ever before. They can now stay connected throughout the facility—while we stay focused on business objectives.”

– Walt Gant, Director, Hackensack Meridian Health

“After several years of experience with several different fixed wireless systems vendors, Sacred Wind is pleased with Cambium’s professionalism, service quality and reliability.”

– John Badal, CEO, Sacred Wind Communications

“We routinely deploy with numerous radio types to ensure we are prepared to support any mission set. We always include our Cambium Networks radios because we know they will always work, even when the other radios do not.”

– USAF

“Working with Cambium Networks and Magicka has helped us realize our vision of a serverless school— which would not have been possible without having robust wireless infrastructure in place.”

– Nick Berryman, Assistant Headteacher, Devonport School for Boys

“Cambium [Wi-Fi APs] provide the scalability, the distributed architecture, the ability to upgrade and most importantly the performance that delights our students and faculty.”

– Timothy Carlyle, Director of Network Computing and Senior UNIX Administrator, Northwest Missouri University

“Software configuration and operations are a snap. We can now confidently deploy fiber as a first option backed up by support that is second to none.”

– Tim Meads, Mountain West Technologies

“Wi-Fi 6 connectivity enables our residents and nurses to do more than ever before. They can now stay connected throughout the facility—while we stay focused on business objectives.”

– Walt Gant, Director, Hackensack Meridian Health

Find out how Cambium Networks' solutions can
transform your business

TELL US WHAT YOU NEED

UPCOMING EVENT

BETT 2026
January 20, 2026
Location: London, UK

View all events

Company
About Cambium
Blog
Brand Assets
Careers
Industry Associations
Investor Relations
Policies
Press Releases
Tools & Resources
cnMaestro Login
Discontinued Products
EOL Policy
E-Rate
Guided Demos
Product Finder
Search Resources
Training
Connect
Community
Ecosystem
Events & Webinars
Office Locations
Partners
Sign Up for News
Support
Buy
Become a Partner
Get a Quote
Promotions
Where to Buy
    
Copyright ©2025 Cambium Networks, Ltd. All rights reserved.
Company Terms and Conditions |Privacy Policy |Cookie Policy |Legal Terms
Contact

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies