Skip to main content
Cambridge
Products and ServicesAbout UsCareers
Change Language

Main navigation
HomeEducators and organisationsLearnersLearning & assessment productsCommunitySupport

We help people learn English and prove their skills to the world.
Welcome to the home of integrated learning and assessment.

Why Cambridge? ↓
Integrated Learning & Assessment

What would you like to do today?
Find resources for learners →
Buy official exam preparation products →
Find resources for teachers →
Find an exam centre →
Buy learning products →
Educators
For teachers and leaders of schools, universities and organisations.
For Educators →
Learners
Learning products, resources and exam preparation support.
For Learners →

 

Make the most of every moment in the learning journey

Discover how combining assessment with learning drives better learning outcomes.

Integrated Learning & Assessment →

⁠Why Cambridge?


See how we can help you grow your world

With learning experiences that could only come from Cambridge, we're empowering millions of teachers and learners, where you are.

A world shaped by research and insights

We're driven by finding the best ways to support learning, teaching and assessing English. Discover how our research powers everything we do.

Find out more

Courses and resources for learning English

We create world-class learning materials underpinned by research and used by millions of people every day - perfect for you.

Explore our products 

The world's most recognised exams and tests

Recognised by over 25,000 organisations in 130 countries around the world, we help millions prove their skills to the world.

Find out more

Digitally enhancing the learning experience

We know that many classrooms have different requirements and learners have different needs. Our digital tools and platforms add value to learning experiences, creating the best conditions for learning in today's world.

Find out more

Our promise to the planet

We care about reducing our carbon footprint and creating a better future for our planet. That’s why we’re making big changes to our business.

Find out more

A heritage that sets the standard

We've been here since 1534 and as part of the University of Cambridge we're always focused on creating the highest quality products and services we can.

Explore our history 

Support when you need it most

Supporting your journey with Cambridge is vital to us. So if you need something before you buy or support using our products, we're here to help.

Get support 

Who recognises our exams and tests

We are the makers of IELTS and our exams and tests are accepted and used by over 25,000 universities, employers and governments around the world. They open doors to higher education, improve employment opportunities, and because they are globally recognised, can increase your choices for study or work.

    
See who recognises our exams
How to recognise our exams

On this site

Educators and organisations
Learners
Learning & assessment products
Community for teachers
Community for learners
Support
About us
Impact monitoring
English Research Group


© Cambridge University Press & Assessment 2025

 
Terms & conditions Data protection Accessibility statementStatement on modern slaverySafeguarding policy Sitemap
 Back to top
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts which includes personalised advertising on certain pages.Cookie notice
Cookie Settings Reject all Accept all cookies