The Centre for Addiction and Mental Health | CAMH If you are in an emergency, in crisis or need someone to talk to, there is help. View Crisis Resources Skip to content Contact Us No One Left Behind Join our team Referral Form Virtual Urgent Care Accessibility EN FR CAMH logo Patients and Families Main Page Access CAMH & Referral Form Access CAMH Centralized information, intake and scheduling. Access CAMH makes it easy to find support – simply call 416-535-8501, option 2. Referral Form For mental health services, a referral form needs to be completed by a healthcare provider. For addictions services, patient can self-refer. Programs & Services Addictions/Substance Use Alzheimer’s & Dementia Anxiety & Depression Concurrent Disorders Developmental Disabilities Mood & Personality Disorders Problem Gambling Schizophrenia & Psychosis Trauma & Stress Disorders Virtual Mental Health and Outreach Other Information for Patients Patient Wellness and Patient Engagement at CAMH What to expect Your Rights Patient and Family Feedback Visiting CAMH Planning on visiting CAMH? Find contact information, directions and accessibility for each of our three main sites. Information for Families Family Resource Centre Patient and Family Feedback Visiting CAMH Planning on visiting CAMH? Find contact information, directions and accessibility for each of our three main sites. Patient and Family Feedback Patient and Family Engagement Patient and Family Partners Program Information and resources Get Involved in Research Volunteer at CAMH Visiting CAMH Visiting CAMH Planning on visiting CAMH? Find contact information, directions and accessibility for each of our three main sites. Read More MyCAMH Health Info Main Page Mental Illness & Addiction Index Conditions & Disorders Medication Therapies Substance Use Types of Treatment Information in Other Languages Mental Health 101 Mental Health 101 Use this series of free online tutorials as the starting point to learn about and understand a wide range of mental health topics. Read More Guides & Publications Guides & Publications Accessible, reliable, professionally produced resources on an array of mental health topics for patients, families, students and professionals. Read More Crisis Resources Crisis Resources If you are in an emergency, in crisis or need someone to talk to, there is a list of resources available for areas in and around Toronto. Read More CAMH Store CAMH Store The CAMH Store offers a wide array of mental illness and addiction resources for patients, families, students and professionals. Search or browse our catalogue of brochures and booklets, textbooks, manuals and assessment tools. Read More CAMH Library CAMH Library Open to professionals and the general public, our comprehensive resources and services support and enhance CAMH's research and clinical programs, and they facilitate learning, dynamic knowledge exchange and health promotion initiatives. Read More Workplace Mental Health Playbook Mental Health and the COVID-19 Pandemic Coping with stress & anxiety Quarantine & isolation Stigma and prejudice Loss, grief and healing Covid-19 Resources for Health Care Workers Research Main Page Research to Drive Change The Discovery Fund The Discovery Fund Fuelling the next generation of groundbreaking research and innovation dedicated to finding the causes of and cures for mental illness. Read More Research Centres Azrieli Adult Neurodevelopmental Centre Azrieli Centre for Neuro-Radiochemistry Brain Health Imaging Centre Centre for Youth Bipolar Disorder Cundill Centre for Child and Youth Depression Institute for Mental Health Policy Research Krembil Centre for Neuroinformatics Slaight Family Centre for Youth in Transition Tanenbaum Centre for Pharmacogenetics Temerty Centre for Therapeutic Brain Intervention The Margaret & Wallace McCain Centre for Child, Youth & Family Mental Health Clinical Divisions Addictions Division Adult Neurodevelopmental and Geriatric Psychiatry Division Child and Youth Psychiatry Division Forensic Psychiatry Division General and Health Systems Psychiatry Division Psychology Division Schizophrenia Division Find a Study Participate in Research - FAQs Answers to frequent questions about joining a CAMH study, including how to sign up, what's involved, and how we protect your rights and confidentiality. Koerner Centre for Research Training Koerner Centre for Research Training Each year CAMH provides opportunities to the next generation of scientists: today’s undergraduate students, graduate students and postdoctoral researchers. Train in a unique learning environment and help contribute to the breakthrough mental health research and treatments of tomorrow Read More Research Services and Initiatives Brain Health Databank Clinical Trials Unit Digital Innovation Hub Ethical Use of Animals in Research Industry Partnerships and Technology Transfer Office North Star Initiative Research Ethics Science & Research Staff Directory Our Scientific Staff Research Chairs at CAMH Subscribe to Brain Buzz Education Main Page The CAMH Global Learning Academy Find the Course That's Right for You Browse our entire selection of certificate programs, webinars and workshops. TIDES Student Centre Home Simulation Centre Simulation Centre SIMposium of Minds Professionals in Training Clinical Psychology Training Programs Community-Based Research Fellowship Graduate & Post-Doctoral Fellowships in Public Health Policy Clinical & Research Opportunities for Professionals in Training Study in a world-class setting to become a leader in the field of mental health. Research in Education Academic & Education Research Excellence Health Equity and Inclusion Framework for Education and Training Evaluation Workplace Mental Health Workshops and Consulting Collaborative Learning College Professionals Main Page Treating Conditions & Disorders Adult ADHD NAVIGATE - Treating Psychosis in Youth CARIBOU - Treating depression in youth Alcohol Use Anxiety Disorders Bipolar Disorder Dementia Depression Suicide Risk Fundamentals of Addiction Intellectual & Developmental Disabilities OCD Opioid use and opioid use disorder Perinatal Mood & Anxiety Disorders Personality Disorders Psychosis Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Sleep Disorders Smoking Cessation Virtual Mental Health Projects Climate Change and Mental Health Health Care Access Research and Developmental Disabilities Immigrant and Refugee Mental Health Project Opioid Use in Primary Care Conference 2024 Networks Psychiatry Partnerships with Northern Communities Clinical Tools Videos Podcasts Quick Takes A podcast for physicians, by physicians. Get your clinical education on-the-go. Covid-19 Resources for Health Care Workers Get Involved Main Page Ways to Donate Give Monthly Give In Memory or In Honour Start a Fundraiser Gifts of Celebration Leave a Gift in Your Will Employee Giving Donate Goods & Services Gifts of Securities Canvassers & Callers Make a one-time donation With your support, CAMH researchers are revolutionizing the ways we diagnose, treat, and prevent mental illness. Donate today. Join the Cause Corporate Partnerships Business Leaders for Mental Health CAMH Engage womenmind Visionary Society Michael Wilson Society Volunteer at CAMH Making a Real Impact Making a Real Impact Real stories of courage, hope and discovery. Made possible through your continued support of CAMH. Read More The Role of the Foundation Driving Change Main Page About CAMH Leadership Team Directory Performance & Accountability The Role of CAMH Foundation For Our Neighbours For Reporters Events Calendar Contact CAMH Careers at CAMH By working at CAMH, you can help people affected by mental illness and support their recovery.  Join the team. Everyone who works at CAMH becomes an advocate for mental health. The Crisis is Real The Crisis is Real We are in the grips of a crisis that ruins health, threatens lives and hurts economies. Knowing the facts is the first step in creating hope. Mental Health Statistics The latest facts and statistics on mental illness and addiction, who's affected and their impact on Canadians. Addressing Stigma Addressing Stigma Challenging the stigma associated with mental illness takes understanding, education and a closer look at our own attitudes toward health. Read More The Mental Health Facility of the Future The Mental Health Facility of the Future Turning what was once a walled institution into a symbol of hope for the future of mental health care. Vision & Guiding Principles How do you replace an institution with an urban village? Lots of planning, imagination and a long-term commitment to serving patients, staff and the community. History of Queen Street Site Our history—evolving from an asylum into a modern health facility with patients at the centre of care—is the history of mental health care in Canada. Influencing Public Policy Influencing Public Policy CAMH advocates for policies that are responsive to the needs of people with mental illness and addictions. Read More Health Equity Health Equity CAMH believes in the principle of equity. We respect the diversity of the individuals and communities we serve. Read More Shkaabe Makwa CAMH News & Stories Strategic Plan Contact Us No One Left Behind Join our team Referral Form Virtual Urgent Care Accessibility EN FR Search Search results for submit search Help us forge a better path for mental health care. Triple your impact on mental health before 2025 is over. Learn more Donate Mental Health Toolkit Looking for mental health support and not clear on your next step? Our mental health toolkit offers trusted advice and essential resources to guide you through finding the right support. LEARN MORE Find Programs & Services CAMH provides a wide range of clinical care services for patients of all ages and families, with Access CAMH as your centralized point of contact. Learn more Mental Illness & Addiction Index Learn the signs, symptoms, definitions and other important facts about mental illness conditions, disorders, substances, medications and therapies. Explore more Gathering Evidence. Opening Up Possibilities. Many people don't see mental illness in the same way, or even the same category, as other diseases medical science is working hard to find cures for. But Mental Health is Health. And with every new discovery, CAMH moves closer to treatments that will change the course of mental health forever. Explore Science & Research Join the Movement We are more than a hospital. We are a catalyst for change. But we can't do it without your help. Find Ways to Join Driving Change Changing attitudes, behaviours and culture is the only way to create a world where Mental Health is Health. Find Out How John Tavares Foundation partners with CAMH Foundation to create brighter futures for youth CAMH Foundation is thrilled to announce a donation to its lifesaving child and youth work from the John Tavares Foundation, presented in person by NHL Star and Toronto Maple Leafs player, John Tavares and his wife Aryne. Read More CAMH Foundation Appoints Sara Byrnell as Chief Development Officer CAMH Foundation is pleased to welcome Sara Byrnell as the new Chief Development Officer, effective January 5, 2026. In this newly created role, Sara will lead the national philanthropic strategy, major gift and corporate partnership efforts across the organization. Read More CAMH Advances in Canadian Research Rankings Hospital climbs to 11th place nationally as research spending tops $115 million Read More Coping with Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) - Practical Tips for Winter Wellness By Dr. Donna Ferguson, C.Psych, ABPP Read More Two Years Later - 988 Suicide Crisis Helpline Continues to be there when People in Canada Need it Most Read More Joint Statement from CAMH and Reena on Supporting Adults with Developmental Disabilities The Challenge Facing Ontarians with Developmental Disabilities Read More See all news Triple your impact on mental health before 2025 ends Until December 31, all donations will be matched to help create a future where Canadians can get the help they need, when they need it—no matter who or where they are. Keep in touch with CAMH Follow us Patient and Family Care Health Info Science and Research Education Professionals Get Involved Driving Change About CAMH Job Openings Purchase Publications Referral Form For Reporters Donor Services Events CAMH Switchboard From the GTA: 416 535-8501 Toll-free: 1 800 463-2338 To Access CAMH Clinical Services 416 535-8501, press 2 We have multiple locations. Find directions. Staff Tools Copyright 2025 CAMH Terms of Use Accessibility Site Map Language : EN FR Keep in touch with CAMH Keep your finger on our pulse – latest CAMH news, discoveries and ways to get involved delivered to your inbox. Please select a newsletter Please complete the following: Required Fields CAMH eConnexions - provides updates to CAMH’s neighbours and local businesses. CAMH BrainBuzz - the latest news, groundbreaking discoveries and special features about CAMH research, studies, and the people behind the work. CAMH Foundation - provides updates on the mental health movement and ways you can get involved. Please select a newsletter option First Name Please input a first name Last Name Please input a last name Email Please input an email address By clicking Sign Up below, I consent to receive electronic communications (as selected above) from CAMH and CAMH Foundation. To unsubscribe at any time click the link in our mailing or email: unsubscribe@camh.ca I agree to the Terms of Use for privacy and use of my personal data. Please agree to the Terms of Use Sign Up Thanks for Subscribing. We look forward to keeping you informed, inspired and involved in all things CAMH. Close Help us change mental health care forever. Every donation moves us closer to a future where no one is left behind. Give Once Give Monthly $20 $50 $100 $15 $25 $50 $ My gift is in memory or honour of someone I am donating on behalf of an organization Continue Other Ways to Give Join our team