Higher Ed Payment Options - Campus Commerce Skip to main content Get Started Search Solutions Solutions Tuition Management Payment Plans Billing & Payments Sponsor Billing and Payments Refunds Notify Integrated Commerce Storefront Cashiering Checkout Payment Forms Merchant Services Cybersecurity and Compliance Solutions Partners Company Company About Us Our Company Our Team Events CampusConnect Careers Service Commitment Customer Service Proven Implementation Technology Integration Security and Compliance Insights All Insights Blog Case Studies News Webinars White Papers Get Started Search Higher Education Technology for Payment Options, Unlimited The power of technology and the expertise of people. Best-in-class service and vast payment solutions for higher education. Learn About Payment Solutions Serving Your Mission For over 25 years, we’ve offered payment solutions designed to support the unique mission and needs of higher education. Campus Close-Up A Partner in Student Success Kansas City Kansas Community College partnered with Nelnet Campus Commerce to remove barriers for students by making international payments simple and secure and by giving those with past due balances a way to continue their education. Together, they’ve eased staff workloads, re-engaged students, and strengthened the focus on what matters most: helping every learner succeed. Nelnet Campus Commerce by the Numbers 0 K Institutions Partnered With 0 M Students Supported 0 M Payments Processed Annually Unlimited Solutions Campus Wide Online and on-campus payment technology built for every level of higher education. Business Office Help students stay enrolled and on track, while allowing your staff to be more efficient. Learn More Information Technology Maintain the highest levels of payment security and integrate with systems already in place on campus. Learn More Student Services From tuition payment plans to mobile payments, we’ll help you keep students enrolled, engaged, and focused on their education. Learn More Enrollment Management Attract students to your institution by offering affordability with payment options. Learn More Solution Categories Choose your category and explore payment solutions designed to support your institution’s unique needs. Tuition Management Streamline the tuition payment process with Payment Plans, Billing & Payments, and Refunds. Learn More Integrated Commerce Increase revenue opportunities and create a unified payment experience with Cashiering, Storefront, and Payment Forms. Learn More Customer-Centric Excellence At Nelnet Campus Commerce, we’re dedicated to making your experience the best it can be. Whether it’s through connecting with us in person at a CampusConnect conference or getting in touch with our Customer Support Team, we’re here to build a true partnership with you and your higher education institution. Our dedicated team is always ready to listen, assist, and ensure that your needs are not just met, but exceeded. Learn More about Nelnet customer service Why Us? We deliver on our promises. Choosing a payment company is a big decision. And when you partner with us, your institution comes first – no matter what. You’ll have a dedicated project manager and account manager who care about your mission. Friends who enjoy working with you. Colleagues with the experience needed to help you, your institution, and your students succeed. For over 25 years, we have offered powerful, payment solutions that have given our over 1,300 institutions unlimited opportunities, and we hope to do the same for you. Learn More about Nelnet Campus Commerce Nelnet fits perfectly with our business strategy. They always seem to come up with new products or features that work really well with the needs we have on campus. Cassandra Nash Manager Student Accounts and Cashiering Palomar College Here to Serve You As our partner, you come first. Enjoy services that make your experience secure, successful, and smart. Best-in-Class Service At every step, our associates will make sure that you, your students, and your staff have the greatest experience. Explore Best-in-Class Proven Implementation Our step-by-step process makes implementation organized and as stress-free as possible. Explore Implementation Security and Compliance We protect every payment with the highest levels of payment security. Explore Security Technology Integrations Continue working with your current ERP – and other institutional partners you may have on campus. Explore Integrations Request More Information Find Your Representative × Get Started Find solutions that provide payment options, unlimited. For Administrators See how our solutions support your entire campus. Request More Info For Students & Families Are you trying to make a payment? Access Student Loans Access Payment Plans × For Students & Families Are you trying to make a payment? Student Loans If you have a student loan in repayment with Nelnet, go to Nelnet.com for assistance. Nelnet.com Payment Plans If you have a payment plan with an institution, go to MyCollegePaymentPlan.com and search for your school. My College Payment Plan Payment Solutions Tuition Management Payment Plans Billing & Payments Sponsor Billing and Payments Refunds Integrated Commerce Storefront Cashiering Checkout Payment Forms Service Commitments Proven Implementation Technology Integration Customer Service Security and Compliance Partners About Us Our Company Our Team Events CampusConnect Careers Insights Blog Case Studies News Webinars White Papers Contact Us HubHelp For Students & Families Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Linkedin © 2026 Nelnet Business Services . All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy California Privacy EEA/UK/Swiss Terms of Use × HubHelp Logins For Enterprise For all Enterprise platform clients. Log In For Other Services For Student Choice Refunds, eStore, QuikPay platform and other services. Log In Looking for something specific? × Search