Skip to content
Features 
Pricing
Resources
Customers
Gallery
Agencies
Try it free
Contact Sales
Log in
Send. Grow. Repeat.

Create, send, and optimize campaigns faster with our email marketing platform.

Get started
Get a demo
See it in action

Join thousands of businesses around the world who trust Campaign Monitor.

Introducing AI Email Booster: Know exactly what will move the needle.

Get smart, one-click recommendations that actually improve performance. AI Email Booster surfaces the specific changes that drive opens, clicks, conversions and with explanations for every suggestion. No guesswork. No tool switching. Just better emails, faster.

See how it works


Automate email journeys for perfectly timed sends.

Most marketers think automation is intimidating. But creating customer journeys has never been more approachable than with the visual journey designer.

Explore automation


Drag and drop your way to a beautiful email.
EASE OF USE
Customize any template or design to showcase your brand using the simply powerful drag-and-drop email builder—no coding required.
COMPLETE CUSTOMIZATION
Display your brand at its best with precise adjustments to every aspect of your campaign in the email builder.
MOBILE OPTIMIZATION
Every template is responsive to mobile devices so you can send knowing your campaigns look great everywhere.
TEMPLATE MANAGEMENT FOR TEAMS
Allow your email designer to lock sections of the template so that your team only updates what you want them to — ensuring your brand style and business critical information all stay intact.



Eager to see it in action? Take a look.

Get a demo
Get started with one of our free templates.

Start your email with one of our professionally-designed templates to launch targeted campaigns like marketing offers, product announcements, newsletters, or event promotions.

Build an email



“Campaign Monitor helped transform us from a small idea to a real company thanks to their user-friendly tools — I honestly could not recommend them enough.”

Ellen Hyslop, Co-Founder of The GIST

See The GIST's success
Smarter email for a better bottom line.

Get realtime results across the board with our interactive dashboards covering everything: email campaigns, automated journeys, transactional emails, and beyond. It’s the type of campaign data that empowers you to build and improve a profitable email marketing strategy.

Watch the demo


Get started with Campaign Monitor today

With our powerful yet easy-to-use tools, it's never been easier to make an impact with email marketing.

Sign up for free
Stay ahead in email marketing

Get expert tips delivered to your inbox.

 Subscribe
PRODUCT
Features
Pricing
Integrations
API
Email Templates
EMAIL MARKETING
Agencies
Retail
Nonprofit
Entertainment
Publishing
Technology
Travel
COMMUNITY
Get Started
Customers
Resources
Blog
Email Academy
Support
COMPANY
About us
Leadership
Trust Center
Careers
In the news
Sitemap
Modern Slavery Statement
Terms & Policies  Do not sell my personal information
© 2025 All Rights Reserved
Campaign Monitor by Marigold: where relationships take root.


By using this site, you agree with our use of cookies. To learn more or to control cookies, select More Info.
More Info Privacy Policy