Canalys, now Omdia, is a leading global technology market analyst firm. Informa TechTarget and Informa Tech’s Digital Business Combine Expanded Scale and Leadership in B2B: From R&D to ROI With a combined permissioned audience of 50+ million professionals, TechTarget and Informa Tech’s digital businesses have come together to offer industry-leading, global solutions that enable vendors in enterprise technology and other key industry markets to accelerate their revenue growth at scale. AI-capable PCs: current market trends, future opportunities and potential challenges Get your complimentary report! Log in About Our story Meet us Careers Our offices Our analysis AI Insights Channel Strategy Channels Analysis Channel Ecosystem Global IT Opportunity Managed Services Analysis Partner Program Analysis Sustainable Channels Analysis Consumer Tech Smartphone Horizon Service PC Horizon Service Connected Life Horizon Custom Solutions Channel Development Channel Management Competitor Strategy Customised Data Market Entry Marketing Solutions Partner Programs Speaking Engagements Enterprise Tech Cloud Channels Analysis Infrastructure Analysis Cybersecurity Analysis Partner Assessment Partner Community Smart Automotive Intelligent Vehicle Analysis Events Newsroom Resources Blogs AI Insights Log in Contact Established in 1998, Canalys is world-renowned for its research in technology channels and smartphones. Canalys now spans four continents with five offices and employs over 100 people. Learn more The team at Canalys bring with them many years of experience as advisors to the IT and high-technology sectors. Combined with the company's culture of responsiveness to the rapidly changing needs of this dynamic industry this ensures that, in both content and delivery, Canalys provides an exceptional service compared to other industry analyst firms. Learn more We believe that the following values, skills and behavior are vital to what makes us Canalys and therefore help achieve our strategy. Canalys’ values are partly about who we are, but also about what we want to be as a company. We hire and promote people based on their ability to demonstrate them. Learn more Canalys was set up in 1998. We have grown to become world renowned for our research in technology channels and smartphones. We provide vendors with subscription services and projects in Channels, Enterprise and Emerging Tech and Mobility. We also host the best and largest independent channels events in APAC, EMEA and LATAM. We have offices and team members in Europe, Asia, North and South America. Learn more Analysis of the channel is at the heart of our business. We have services to help the world’s largest tech companies manage their partner landscape. Categories Channels Analysis Channel Ecosystem Global IT Opportunity Managed Services Analysis Partner Program Analysis Sustainable Channels Analysis Our portfolio offers accurate and timely views of the opportunities, competitive analysis and market trends across the smart ecosystem of devices. Categories Smartphone Horizon Service PC Horizon Service Connected Life Horizon Since Canalys’ inception, our team of analysts and consultants around the world have worked with companies in the technology ecosystem to provide custom solutions. Many of our projects are supported using data and feedback from the Candefero channels community. We undertake bespoke work in all our areas of research and have built several specializations within this. Learn more Categories Channel Development Channel Management Competitor Strategy Customised Data Market Entry Marketing Solutions Partner Programs Speaking Engagements Get best in class analysis, go-to-market strategies and more for cloud, infrastructure and cybersecurity channels. Categories Cloud Channels Analysis Infrastructure Analysis Cybersecurity Analysis Alys offers vendors a high-value method to evaluate channel partners at scale and engage with them digitally. Vendors can assess the channel’s capabilities and nurture partners to grow. After decades of experience working with vendors’ partner teams, Canalys understands the strategic challenges facing channel leaders.​ Learn more Get comprehensive data to track smart vehicles and stay up to date on the key trends affecting the automotive industry. Categories Intelligent Vehicle Analysis Select language English 中文 日本語 한국어 ไทย Bahasa Indonesia Español Português Deutsch Français * the site will be machine translated Expertise that listens. Advice that leads. We are now Omdia, a leading technology research and advisory group. From R&D to ROI, we identify the most promising opportunities to drive the industry forward. Canalys is now Omdia With expertise around the world and comprehensive coverage of the tech domains, we bring you the breadth to see the big picture and the depth to act decisively. Together, we shape global markets We have now moved to Omdia.com where you can find our blogs, insights and press releases. The way you access your research remains the same. Go to your content Learn more Your Content We have now moved to Omdia.com but the way you access your research and your login details remain the same. Log In Support Contact us to explore opportunities, services, and the benefits of joining Omdia. Contact Us Canalys Forums Our annual, worldwide events for senior channel executives will continue to offer you unique experiences and new opportunities. Explore more Get to know Omdia Explore More 275 Grove St. Newton MA 02466 USA Locations Singapore - SG Bengaluru - IN Portland - US Reading - UK Shanghai - CH Company Our story Meet us Careers Our offices Canalys Client login Our analysis Analysis Channel Strategy Emerging technology Enterprise technology Mobility technology Custom Solutions Partner assessment Partner community Events This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world’s technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC’s registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.’s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Copyright © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries.   All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscribe Unsubscribe