Canadian Web Hosting
CANADIAN
WEB HOSTING
Compare Our Plans
Products
Security
Services
Company
Order
Log In
Support:
1-604-283-2127
Sales & Billing:
1-888-821-7888
Email Us
Blog
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Use setting
100% Canadian Owned and Operated

30 years of experience in the hosting industry, Canada's trusted choice for web hosting and cloud solutions.

Get started
Learn More →

Canada's Choice for Enterprise Infrastructure Hosting

Customized Enterprise Solutions

With over 20 years of experience, Canadian Web Hosting specializes in providing hosting solutions to businesses and enterprise-class clients. From shared hosting to complex deployments, we have the expertise and infrastructure to support you.

Learn More →

100% owned and operated in Canada

Canada's choice for infrastructure services, all servers are located in Canada with datacentres in Vancouver and Toronto. See why 18,000+ customers choose Canadian Web Hosting.

Learn More →

Compliance and Certifications

Canadian Web Hosting offers an integrated compliance program that includes the necessary controls you need to meet local and corporate requirements. We are AT 101 SOC 2 Type II compliant and certified. We also help you comply with industry regulations like PIPEDA, PHIPA, and PCI.

Learn More →

Already have a website? We offer free migrations!

Email us at support@canadianwebhosting.com to request a free migration.

Migrate Now
Learn More →

Web hosting for every need

From small business to enterprise, Canadian Web Hosting offers hosting that grows as you grow.

Order Now
Shared Hosting
Cloud Hosting
VPS
Dedicated Servers
Managed WordPress
Firewalls
Managed Security
Testimonials

Our customers love us

“I really appreciate your services. From the customer service staff to the technical staff, everyone that I have had the opportunity to interact with, were very professional. I am so happy that I made the choice to change to Canadian Web Hosting. Ever since, I have had no regrets but gratitude.”

Victoria
isls.ca

“Recently I transferred all my domains from a USA based company to Canadian Web Hosting and the transfer went exceptionally well, as a web designer I find there are many technical queries that arise that need answers. The technical support I have received from the Canadian Web Hosting support team has been excellent and I would recommend this server and their staff to any business.”

Bob
auscanonline.com

“I just wanted to say thank you for your ongoing help and support. I’ve been a client for a few years now, and you are always helpful and patient. I’ve been giving you an extra workout lately, with a whole flurry of stuff going on, and I just wanted you to know I appreciate your advice.”

Erin Anne
kiangle.com
Questions? Concerns? Ready to get started?

Our team of experts are ready to help.

Email Us
Chat With Us
Footer
Products
Shared Hosting
Weebly Site Builder
Hosted Email
VPS Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Cloud Hosting
Disaster Recovery
Services
Managed Security
Managed Support
SSL Certificates
Malware Scanning
Data Protection
PCI Compliance
Anti-Spam
Site Transfer
Company
About Us
Blog
Certifications
Careers
Hosting in Canada
Green Hosting
Site Map
Support
Service Status
Contact Us
Video Tutorials
Knowledge Base
Submit a Ticket
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Sign up for news and special offers
Email address
Subscribe

Hosting Across Canada : Vancouver - Calgary - Edmonton - Regina - Winnipeg - Toronto - Ottawa - Montreal - Halifax

© 2025 Canadian Web Hosting, Inc. All rights reserved.