Canary Media | Covering the clean energy transition Donate Donate Clean energy journalism for a cooler tomorrow Solar Wind Batteries Electrification U.S. regions Northeast Southeast Midwest West Newsletters Subscribe to Canary Media newsletters You selected 1 newsletter s Events Next Upcoming Virtual Regional Blueprints for America's Clean Energy Future In this free online forum, we move beyond national talking points to dive deep into regional action. We'll bring together the experts who are succeeding on the front lines in diverse regions like Southwest, Southeast, and Midwest regions. Don’t miss this conversation on regional blueprints for a clean, resilient energy economy you can start building today. Brought to you by Intersolar & Energy Storage North America (IESNA) . By Canary Media January 13, 2026 Virtual Register Browse all White papers Energy Transition Outlook North America 2025 Scaling Technological Greenhouse Gas Removal: A Global Roadmap to 2050 Breaking Barriers in Carbon Dioxide Removal with Electrochemistry Browse all Solar Wind Batteries Electrification View All Topics U.S. regions Northeast Southeast Midwest West Newsletters Events White papers Canary Media About Our team Careers Donate Supporters Sponsorships View all topics Air travel Batteries Canary Media Carbon capture Carbon removal Carbon-free buildings Clean aluminum Clean energy Clean energy jobs Clean energy manufacturing Clean energy supply chain Clean fleets Clean industry Climate crisis Climate justice Climatetech finance Corporate procurement Culture Data centers Distributed energy resources Electric vehicles Electrification Emissions reduction Energy efficiency Energy equity Energy markets Energy storage ENN EV charging Food and farms Fossil fuels Fun stuff Geothermal Green steel Grid edge Guides and how-tos Heat pumps Hydrogen Hydropower Just transition Land use Liquefied natural gas Long-duration energy storage Marine transport Methane Nuclear Ocean energy Offshore wind Policy & regulation Politics Public transit Recycling renewables Solar Sponsored Transmission Transportation Utilities Virtual power plants Wind Workforce diversity About Our team Careers Donate Supporters Sponsorships Search Canary Media Help Canary Media kick ass in 2026 Could you make a donation to power us into the new year? Thank you! Offshore wind How Trump dismantled a promising energy industry — and what America lost The demolition of the offshore wind sector in 2025 will reverberate for decades, resulting in lost jobs, higher utility bills, and less reliable power grids. By Clare  Fieseler Clean energy Quiz: How well do you remember 2025 ’s clean energy news? By Kathryn  Krawczyk Clean energy Canary Media’s top 11 clean energy stories in 2025 By Kathryn  Krawczyk Politics The great climate vibe shift of 2025 By Sarah  Shemkus Clean energy The year Trump tried and failed to stop clean energy By Dan  McCarthy Editor's picks 1 The man behind the fall of offshore wind David Stevenson has solar on his roof and drives a hybrid. How did he become the leader of the movement that helped Trump crush offshore wind farms? 2 Can the war on coal still be won? 3 As solar booms and coal fades, Greece’s mining region struggles to adapt 4 This Ohio county banned wind and solar. Now, residents are pushing back. 5 Why this Colorado coal town is digging geothermal Offshore wind Trump’s year of offshore wind carnage 2025 was a decisive, destructive year for the U.S. offshore wind sector. Will the slowdown prove to be a four-year blip or the start of a longer-term malaise? By Dan  McCarthy Data centers In 2025, data centers forced an energy reckoning It was a year of tough questions about how to stop the AI boom from spiking household electricity bills and derailing the clean energy transition. By Ysabelle  Kempe Clean energy supply chain The year the US doubled down on critical minerals Trump took unusual steps in 2025 to strengthen American control over a supply chain crucial to many industries — and to the clean energy transition. By Tik  Root , Anita  Hofschneider , Rebecca  Egan McCarthy Clean energy Clean energy is still winning. These 10 charts prove it. Solar and wind are beating new power demand, steelmaking is slowly getting off coal, and more clean energy victories are clear in these charts. By Kathryn  Krawczyk Sponsored Chart of the week More in this column Clean energy is still winning. These 10 charts prove it. Solar and wind are beating new power demand, steelmaking is slowly getting off coal, and more clean energy victories are clear in these charts. By Kathryn  Krawczyk Chart: Clean energy remains dominant in the US — despite Trump Chart: Geothermal energy is attracting more and more investment Chart: Hungary is leading the world in solar adoption Chart: Solar and wind are meeting — and exceeding — new power demand Nuclear Nuclear power’s loud-but-quiet year Despite all the hype, overall global nuclear capacity shrunk in 2025 as retirements outstripped additions. Still, the sector could rebound in the coming years. By Alexander C. Kaufman Fossil fuels The legal battle bogging down Massachusetts’ plan to ditch gas In 2023, state regulators released a landmark order paving the way for a clean energy transition. Utilities aren’t quite ready to embrace the change. By Sarah  Shemkus Solar Is Kansas on the cusp of a solar boom? The sun-drenched state is a solar laggard, but that’s changing thanks to a slew of big projects — including a 270-MW installation that just landed a customer. By Alexander C. Kaufman Offshore wind ‘Bonkers': DOI letter halts all five in-progress offshore wind farms Construction will be paused for 90 days as Trump's "Department of War" and Interior Department coordinate to evaluate supposed "national security" risks. By Clare  Fieseler Sponsored Electrified Life | Demystifying home electrification More in this column Electrify your home with our handy roundup before tax credits expire You could save thousands of dollars on heat pumps, solar, and other home energy updates if you act before Dec. 31. Our explainers and guides will get you up to speed fast. By Alison F.  Takemura ‘Use it or lose it’: These clean-energy tax credits will be gone soon What’s the best time to buy an EV? Right now. Need air conditioning? Consider the heat pump. Colorado landscapers are discovering the perks of electric lawn equipment Clean industry Electrifying these factories could cut a gigaton of CO2 pollution The U.S. industrial sector relies on gas-fired boilers to make heat. A new report shows how manufacturers can electrify and decarbonize, starting now. By Maria  Gallucci Distributed energy resources A path to fast, cheap home solar and batteries: Go through the meter New digital meter socket adapters from Tesla and others make home solar, battery, and EV charging installs a snap. But only if utilities let homes use them. By Jeff  St. John Utilities Georgia’s lame-duck utility commission OKs massive, pricey gas buildout Critics fear Georgia Power’s $16.3 billion investment in fossil-gas plants and batteries will jack up customers’ bills if data centers don’t show up as forecasted. By Jeff  St. John Clean energy The 10 biggest clean energy stories of 2025 A so-called energy emergency led to coal plants running past their prime, batteries and EVs had a standout year, and more of this year’s top stories. By Kathryn  Krawczyk Sponsored Regional spotlight: Northeast Northeast Southeast Midwest West Clean energy news from the Northeastern U.S. Clean energy news from the Northeastern U.S. More from this region How Trump dismantled a promising energy industry — and what America lost The demolition of the offshore wind sector in 2025 will reverberate for decades, resulting in lost jobs, higher utility bills, and less reliable power grids. By Clare  Fieseler The legal battle bogging down Massachusetts’ plan to ditch gas New Hampshire clean energy program goes national with federal funds New York’s public utility approves plan to build 5.5GW of renewables Cornell’s deep-down and rocky quest to unlock geothermal for New York Clean energy Chart: Clean energy remains dominant in the US — despite Trump Trump spent much of 2025 boosting fossil fuels and blocking renewables, but 92% of new power additions through November were solar, wind, or batteries. By Dan  McCarthy Data centers PJM’s capacity costs hit record as grid falls short on supply Data center construction and clogged-up generation queues are driving costs — and political backlash — in the country’s biggest power market. By Jeff  St. John Clean energy New Hampshire clean energy program goes national with federal funds In a rare federal win, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen secured $3M to expand the program, which helps towns and small businesses adopt clean energy and save money. By Sarah  Shemkus Fossil fuels Trump admin orders Washington state coal plant to stay running TransAlta’s Centralia power plant was meant to close at month’s end and be converted to burn gas by 2028. DOE’s must-run order complicates that plan. By Jeff  St. John Sponsored Research and white papers Download the latest intel from our partners Download the latest intel from our partners White Paper Energy Transition Outlook North America 2025 White Paper Scaling Technological Greenhouse Gas Removal: A Global Roadmap to 2050 White Paper Breaking Barriers in Carbon Dioxide Removal with Electrochemistry Browse all Batteries Ford is retreating from EVs — but embracing grid batteries Amid its $20B EV failure, the storied automaker will retool a Kentucky plant to try and break into the booming energy storage sector. By Julian  Spector Green steel Climate group files complaint against global steel giant ArcelorMittal The steelmaker still relies heavily on coal for production. A new complaint made through a voluntary multinational process urges the company to curb emissions. By Maria  Gallucci Electrification California’s plan to boost plug-in heat pumps and induction stoves Regulators greenlit a $115 million, first-of-its-kind effort to drive demand for tech that can make home electrification easier and cheaper. By Alison F.  Takemura Batteries Texas’ energy market redesign could leave battery developers in limbo ERCOT changes, billed as improving system efficiency, could cause battery owners to face unpredictable penalties — and raise prices for consumers. By Julian  Spector Sponsored Subscribe to our daily newsletter Canary headlines plus top energy news, on weekdays About . Sponsorships . Got a tip? . Contact . Privacy policy . Careers . RSS feed © 2025 Canary Media