CanadaHelps - Donate to any charity in Canada | CanadaHelps - Donate to any charity in Canada There’s Still Time to Make Your Final Impact of 2025: Donate Today >>> Make the Most of Your Charitable Tax Credits in 2025: Learn More Today >>> We've updated our Terms of Use . Please take a moment to review. PROUDLY CANADIAN Generosity is Right Here Give to any registered Canadian charity, track your giving in one place, and join millions of Canadians who are making an impact. Donate Now Charities Give to any registered Canadian charity. Learn More MAKE A DIFFERENCE Support the Causes You’re Passionate About Cause Funds Donate to a Cause Fund and support multiple charities to fuel collective impact. Learn More Urgent Crisis Help charities respond quickly to urgent needs near and far. Learn More What’s New Make the Most of Your Charitable Tax Credits Learn how to maximize your tax savings, minimize capital gains taxes, and make a meaningful impact by supporting your favorite Canadian charities. Calculate Tax Credits Different Look, Still the CanadaHelps You Trust You may have noticed some visual changes to CanadaHelps.org. Learn more about our brand updates. Explore the Refresh Give a Meaningful Gift Charity Gift Cards are a gift that keeps on giving! You choose the design and the recipient chooses the charity. Shop Meaningful Gifts Canada’s largest platform for online giving. Trusted since 2000. Browse Charities by Category Animals Arts & Culture Education Environment Health Indigenous Communities International Public Benefit Religion Social Services Support emergency response efforts in Canada and around the world. Inspiring Generosity to Spark Positive Change Be Informed Our Blog: Sparking conversation and inspiring generosity. See All CanadaHelps turns 25! Read more Tipi of Hope Foundation’s Collaborative Approach to Truth and Reconciliation Read more THE GIFTS OF GIVING: Reasons You Should Donate to Charity and Expert Strategies for Charitable Donations Read more ABOUT US A Charity Sparking Generosity to Power Positive Change CanadaHelps is the country’s largest online donation and fundraising platform. Choose how you want to give and support a cause close to your heart. Create a Lasting Impact Decide how you can make an impact, all in one place. Learn More For Charities More than 27,000 charities depend on CanadaHelps to raise funds for their cause. Get Started Today Partner with Us 26 years of innovation and trust. Explore new ways of giving through partnership and corporate giving. Explore Opportunities Canadians have donated using CanadaHelps. has been raised to support thousands of Canadian charities. Ways to Give Charities Cause Funds Urgent Crises Create a Fundraiser Donate Securities Shop Charitable Gifts Send an eCard Send a Charity Gift Card Corporate Giving About Us Careers Our Team Annual Reports Land Acknowledgement Fees Generosity Hub Our Generosity Hub Violet’s Song GivingTuesday Blog Tools for Charities Fundraising Solutions Get Started Book a Demo Charity Sign In Support Help Portal Download Receipts Sign In Contact Us Newsroom Subscribe to Our Newsletter Please verify your request* Submit Accessibility Terms of Use Privacy Policy Français © CanadaHelps 2025. CanadaHelps is a registered charity. Charity Registration Number 896568417RR0001