Mailing and shipping for Personal and Business | Canada Post Happy Holidays from Canada Post! Happy Holidays from Canada Post! Track your delivery Enter your tracking numbers Track multiple Track your delivery Find a postal code Find a rate Find a post office Forward your mail View all tools Our Transformation Learn about our guiding principles. Our principles Access convenient tools and features with a Canada Post account Stay informed about upcoming deliveries, track packages, set your delivery preferences and receive timely notifications during the delivery process. Sign up for free Sign in Get the Canada Post app Track packages, prepay duty and taxes and get notifications on the go. Discover our mobile app Have all your deliveries tracked in one place We’ll identify and track your packages, so you always know the status of your deliveries. Set up automatic tracking Get real-time updates Receive delivery notifications about your package by email or text message. Get delivery notifications Featured products and services Send conveniently with our flat rate box Send your item anywhere in Canada. If it fits and is under 5kg, it ships. Available at all Canada Post locations in 4 convenient sizes Environmentally friendly Postage included in the cost of the box Find a post office Pick up purchases at the post office Have packages sent directly to the post office of your choice. Secure, convenient and free Ideal if you’re away for school or work Great for keeping gifts a surprise Discover FlexDelivery Get alerts about mail headed your way Sign up for MyMail on the Canada Post app and get timely updates about incoming mail. Never check an empty mailbox again. Inbox or app? You decide how you want to be notified. Plan ahead by knowing what’s coming your way. Discover MyMail Service updates and support Current delivery interruptions Get updates on Canadian and international mail delivery interruptions. Go to service alerts Scheduled outages and closures Learn about upcoming holiday closures and outages to our website and online tools. View closures and interruptions Get help with a service or delivery Find answers, resolve issues, report concerns and get help from our experts. Get help Are you shipping for your business? Whether you're just starting out, expanding or aiming for new heights, we're here
               to help you make your business goals a reality. I ship under 25 packages per week Go to Solutions for Small Business I ship 25+ packages per week Go to commercial solutions In the shop Get free shipping on all orders over $25 Shop postage stamps Shop postage stamps Shop flat rate (prepaid) products Shop flat rate (prepaid) products Shop coins and coin sets Shop coins and coin sets Shop stamps and collectibles Shop stamps and collectibles Explore mailing tips and stamp stories Read our blog - Canada Post issues stamp honouring Sarah McLachlan Canada Post issues stamp honouring Sarah McLachlan Read our blog Read our blog - New stamps honour Indigenous leaders New stamps honour Indigenous leaders Read our blog Read our blog - Online shopping returns – explained Online shopping returns – explained Read our blog Read our blog - Six "To-do" tasks before moving into a new home Six "To-do" tasks before moving into a new home Read our blog