Comprehensive Cancer Information - NCI Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Español Menu Search Search About Cancer Cancer Types Research Grants & Training News & Events About NCI Improving the lives of all people through cancer research For People Affected by Cancer NCI is the nation’s trusted source for cancer information. We are here for you with information about causes and risk factors, symptoms, how cancer is diagnosed, and treatment options. Find a Cancer Type Treatment Side Effects Causes & Prevention Diagnosis & Staging Find a Clinical Trial For Researchers Support for the best science underpins everything NCI does. Explore our resources to help researchers conduct their work and apply for funding and training opportunities. Funding Opportunities Resources for Researchers Apply for a Grant Find a Research Contact Research Areas Featured News and Research Why Are Cancer Diagnoses Rising in People Under Age 50? Researchers are looking at environmental, lifestyle, and other factors as potential contributors. Predicting Breast Cancer Aggressiveness Substantial changes in breast tissue may be associated with increased risk of aggressive breast cancer and poorer rates of survival. Rapid Genetic Test Could Help During Brain Cancer Surgery The experimental test identifies cancer-fueling mutations in tumor tissue during surgery. NCI Welcomes Dr. Anthony Letai as NCI Director Learn more about Anthony Letai, M.D., Ph.D., the 18th director of the National Cancer Institute. A physician-scientist and pioneer in precision oncology, he brings a vision of progress, collaboration, and hope for all touched by cancer. Read More NCI FY27 Annual Plan & Professional Judgment Budget Each year, NCI prepares a plan for advancing cancer research and proposes the budget required to fund a broad research portfolio. Learn More Get Answers Connect with a cancer information specialist at 1-800-4-CANCER, through live chat, or by email. Get Started Our Organization Senior Leaders Information about NCI senior leadership. NCI Divisions, Offices, and Centers NCI has 30 divisions, offices, and centers who work together to build, maintain, and enhance a cohesive and comprehensive cancer research agenda. Advisory Boards and Review Groups NCI relies on advisory committees to provide advice on the National Cancer Program, NCI scientific priorities, and more. The Power of Improved Data Sharing - Childhood Cancer Data Initiative Back To Top About About This Website en Español Reuse & Copyright Social Media Resources Contact Us Publications Dictionary of Cancer Terms Find a Clinical Trial Policies Accessibility FOIA Privacy & Security Disclaimers Vulnerability Disclosure Sign up for email updates Enter your email address Sign up National Cancer Institute at the National Institutes of Health Contact Us Live Chat 1-800-4-CANCER NCIinfo@nih.gov Site Feedback Follow us Facebook Follow on X Instagram Youtube Linkedin U.S. Department of Health and Human Services National Institutes of Health National Cancer Institute USA.gov