Candere By Kalyan Jewellers | Most Trusted Online Jewellery Store The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. Order Tracking It's your right to stylish jewellery Avail Now Zero Making OFF on Select Diamond Jewellery EXTRA 5% Instant Bank Discount* Get Now Contact Us INR AUD GBP CAD EUR NZD SGD USD AED Search for Rings Under 20k Earrings Minimalist Mangalsutra Officewear Pendants Trendy Jewellery Pincode Use your Pincode To know more about express delivery, availability of COD, and stores near you. Please enter the correct pincode Submit Use your Current Location 2 stores near you Cash on Delivery available 0 0 Hey Sparkle Seeker! Explore jewellery that's made to be gifted, loved, and worn on repeat. International Flair Tradition Reimagined Curated for the Bold Shop By Category So that you don't run out of options to choose from! Charming Rings Dreamy Necklaces Pretty Pendants Versatile Earrings Chains Of Charm Stylish Bracelets Jewellery that speaks strength. Discover bold designs for modern men Explore Collections You'll Love Let's take a glimpse at our featured collections before diving in! Shop NOW! Gifts that speak the Occasion Not seeing your moment here? Don't worry, there's a gift for that too. Birthday Celebrate another year with a thoughtful gift. Anniversary Love and Togetherness. Personal Milestones Let yours be unforgettable Just Because Spontaneous gifts to show affection. Baby Showers Welcome new life with meaningful jewellery. Festive Make every festival special Find it here! Hey Divya, We want to know your vibe. Fill up a few details with us, and in return, we'll treat you to rewards upto ₹10K Complete Profile Certified Jewellery Lifetime Exchange 100% Refund* International Shipping Trust of Kalyan Jewellers DGRP 15 Day Return Discover the magic In-Person! at a Store Near You! submit 0.73 km Nearest Store Malad Infiniti Mall 2.55 km Nearest Store Goregaon MG Road Discover NOW! Book an Appointment 1 Lakh+ Real Stories & Real Smiles I purchase fabulous diamond ring from infiniti mall and cndr kJ staff very polite and co-operative liked the survice loved the design they have stunnig jewellery thaks kj and i highly recommend go and check it out ???? Kaira Rana In love with the design and their staff's cheerful and welcoming nature Bharti Rajput The durability of this jewelry is unmatched—definitely built to last forever. Yoshita Gupta The sleek design of this diamond Bracelet is simply stylish and makes a bold statement. Shyamala Shrivastam The design has a timeless appeal, allowing it to be worn for many years to come. Sanjeev Panchani The design is perfect for any occasion, casual or formal. Manish kumar The gold is of excellent quality, adding value to the jewelry that will last for generations. Santosh gupta The design is modern with a timeless appeal, suitable for every occasion. Yamini Desai The bangle is beautiful… just like shown on the website Sujata Duarah Beautiful earrings, as expected. Loved the service as well, received regular updates regarding the status of the earrings. Satisfied with Candere. Pratibha Jha I bought this ear ring for my mother’s 60th birthday and she is happy .I am very happy about the quality and craftsmanship of the product. Aravind M Beautiful design, i ordered a little bigger size. Wearing it daily since 2 weeks and the look is still intact. Jyothsna Shetty Received ring before expected date, rcvd quality certificate valid internationally. Exactly same as picture, diamonds are good and shinier. Satisfied with the quality and services provided Anil Kumar The modern design of this Nose Ring is sleek and stylish, perfect for the minimalist in me. Rozi Naaz Loved the overall experience of purchasing from Candere. They have an extensive collection of products to choose from. I bought a ring. The site is easy to use and user experience is also nice. Received the product, and I am really happy with it! Swastik pradhan Its awesome ! I brought it from here very first time and the process is to buy gold online is very smooth. I recommend everyone to buy from here Sunny Shukla This gold earring is simple yet elegant. It’s the perfect balance of understated beauty. Siddharth Bakle The Platinum jewelry has a brilliant shine and retains its beauty even with daily use. Dipesh Shaha Fresh Off the Feed Book an Appointment We want to be prepared well, when you visit us. Book an appointment with us to avoid the chances of getting overlooked/lost in the crowd. Your Name Your Email Contact Number Booking Date Select Time 11:00 AM 11:30 AM 12:00 PM 12:30 PM 01:00 PM 01:30 PM 02:00 PM 02:30 PM 03:00 PM 03:30 PM 04:00 PM 04:30 PM 05:00 PM 05:30 PM 06:00 PM 06:30 PM 07:00 PM 07:30 PM 08:00 PM Booking Time How can we improve your experience? Appointment Booked Successfully Login To enjoy a seamless experience while shopping Enter E-Mail ID / Mobile number Continue OR Login using Google Do not have an account? Sign up OTP Verification A 6 digit OTP has been sent to Your Mail ID : Enter OTP Resend OTP Login Sign Up Play & Win Assured rewards worth up to ₹500 in your wallet Fill in the details & click on Sign Up to Spin the wheel Enter Full Name Email Mobile No. I agree to the Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Subscribe me for notifications Send Otp Already a member with us? LogIn OTP Verification A 6 digit OTP has been sent to Your Mobile Number : Enter OTP Resend OTP Verify Otp & Register Select Store India USA Store Get In The Know Sign up to our newsletter for information on sales, delightful content and new additions to the collection. : Subscribe Now ABOUT US About Our Company Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy FAQ Offers T&Cs Customer Reviews Sitemap WHY CANDERE? 15-Day Returns Cancel & Refund Lifetime Exchange DGRP Certified Jewellery Candere Wallet EXPERIENCE CANDERE Refer And Earn Video Gallery Order Tracking Virtual Try On Jewellery guides Diamond Education Gemstone Education Metal Education Size Guide Gold Rate Guide Jewellery Care Contact Us India +91 22 61066262 (9am-7pm, 6 days a week) support@candere.com Find Experience Centre Kalyan Store Locator Kalyan Jewellers Website FOLLOW US © CANDERE.COM . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. SITE MAP WE ACCEPT Candere – Online partner of Kalyan Group Since its inception in 2013, Candere has come a long way, from being an e-commerce
    startup to partnering with Kalyan Group in 2017. In the last 7 years, Candere has grown in
    length and breadth to owning a catalogue of 8000+ diamond jewellery as well as gold
    jewellery products and a steadily increasing list of valued customers in India and across the
    world. With the advent of Kalyan Jewellers, we hope to provide you with an experience that leaves no gap between the worlds of online shopping and retail. Trusted Online Jewellery Store Candere by Kalyan Jewellers is the most trusted online jewellery store. Shop your diamond
    and gold jewellery at Candere today and comeback anytime in future to exchange with any
    new design you find on our site. Choose from a wide range of secure payment options to
    checkout with the design you want. Ease of Online Jewellery Shopping So you think you are spoilt for choice and making that final decision is becoming a bit tough;
    we’ve got filters to the rescue. You can filter jewellery on the basis of factors like the size of
    diamond, price, setting style, the number of stones, the weight of gold, karat of gold and
    carat of diamond and lots more! Leaves no scope for confusion when your choices are
    shortlisted for you! Certified jewellery Online When you spend your ‘hard-earned’ money on a luxury item, why would you want to leave
    any stone unturned in assuring satisfaction and peace of mind for your purchase? Candere
    never sells even a single piece of jewellery without proper and valid certification from the
    most trustworthy certifying labs and bodies. You trust us, we trust them: GIA, IGI, BIS. Installment on your favourite Diamond & Gold Jewellery Designs Whoever thought of saving a few thousand on Equated Monthly Installment that too on your precious jewellery purchase? Well, Candere gives you the liberty to buy the jewellery you love, with Double Gold Rate Protection (DGRP) that allows you to buy jewellery at your convenience at zero interest. Popular Searches Candere Collections Best Seller New Arrival Jewellery Diamond Gold Platinum Diamond											Jewellery for											Women Gold Jewellery											for											Women Diamond											Jewellery for											Men Gold Jewellery											for Men Rings Engagement Rings Diamond											Rings Solitaire Rings Gold Rings Platinum Rings Casual											Rings Classic Rings Navratna											Rings Gemstone Rings Earrings Solitaire											Earrings Diamond Earrings Gold Earrings Platinum Earrings Stud Earrings Dangle Earrings Sui Dhaga											Earrings Navratna											Earrings Jhumkas Hoop Earrings Gemstone Earrings Necklace Diamond Necklace Platinum Necklace Gemstone Necklace Gold Necklace Collar Necklace Layered Necklace Pendant Necklace Charm Necklace Delicate											Necklace Lariat Necklace Bangles Kada Delicate Bangles Eternity											Bangles Bracelets Oval Bracelets Tennis Bracelets Chain Bracelets Flexi Bracelets Solitaires Solitaire Rings Solitaire											Pendants Solitaire Nose Pins Earrings											Solitaire Necklace											Solitaire Mangalsutra Solitaire											Mangalsutra Mangalsutra Ring Mangalsutra with											Chain Mangalsutra											Bracelets Mangalsutra											Chains Pendants Initial Pendants Solitaire											Pendants Pendants with											Chain Casual Pendants Other Jewellery Peacock Chafa Butterfly Evil Eye Miracle											Plate Gifts Anniversary Gifts Birthday Gifts Gifts for Him Gifts for Her Gifts for Kids