Candid Themes - Clean, Minimal, Free and Premium WordPress Themes Did you check our new blog theme [FACED]? This is lightweight and easy to use blog theme for 2024. Try it for FREE. Download Now Home All Themes Plan Themes Support Blog Customization Account Clean & Minimal WordPress Themes Get Free and Premium WordPress Themes that are easily customizable with quick and incredible free support. View Our Themes $49.00 Nhuja News Pro - Lightweight & Minimal WordPress Theme A premium WordPress blog theme with easy-to-use settings and demo content. It has added options for the slider, promo boxes, sidebars, and colors. Moreover, it has related posts, copyright text, go to the top, and many more features. It is fully compatible with Gutenberg and block patterns. It has color, fonts, and many other features. […] Details Buy Now Demo $49.00 Arther Pro - Lightweight & Minimal WordPress Theme A premium WordPress blog theme with easy-to-use settings and demo content. It has added options for the slider, promo boxes, sidebars, and colors. Moreover, it has related posts, copyright text, go to the top, and many more features. It is fully compatible with Gutenberg and block patterns. It has color, fonts, and many other features. […] Details Buy Now Demo $59.00 Rectified Magazine Pro - Popular Magazine WordPress Theme (10+ Demos) Refined Magazine Pro is a lightweight and minimal premium magazine WordPress theme. This theme has multiple header layouts, blog page layouts, 12+ added custom widgets, category color, customizer based theme settings, responsive layout and many more. Details Buy Now Demo $59.00 Refined Magazine Pro - Popular Magazine WordPress Theme (10+ Demos) Refined Magazine Pro is a lightweight and minimal premium magazine WordPress theme. This theme has multiple header layouts, blog page layouts, 12+ added custom widgets, category color, customizer based theme settings, responsive layout and many more. Details Buy Now Demo $49.00 Fairy Pro - Lightweight & Minimal WordPress Theme (10+ Demos) View Video Documentation A premium WordPress blog theme with easy-to-use settings and demo content. It has added options for the slider, promo boxes, sidebars, and colors. Moreover, it has related posts, copyright text, go to the top, and many more features. It is fully compatible with Gutenberg and block patterns. It has color, fonts, and […] Details Buy Now Demo $49.00 Faced Pro - Lightweight & Minimal WordPress Blog Theme A WordPress theme with easy-to-use settings and demo content. It has added options for the slider, promo boxes, sidebars, and colors. Moreover, it has related posts, copyright text, go to the top, and many more features. It is fully compatible with Gutenberg and block patterns. Features of Faced Details Buy Now Demo Free Faced - Lightweight & Minimal WordPress Theme A free WordPress theme with easy-to-use settings and demo content. It has added options for the slider, promo boxes, sidebars, and colors. Moreover, it has related posts, copyright text, go to the top, and many more features. It is fully compatible with Gutenberg and block patterns. Features of Faced Details Download Demo $39.00 Haami - Fastest WordPress Blog Theme About Theme Brand new blog theme – “Haami”. This theme has been carefully crafted to provide the perfect platform for bloggers who want to showcase their content in a visually appealing and engaging way. With its clean and modern design, Haami is fully responsive, meaning that your blog will look great on any device. The […] Details Buy Now Demo $39.00 Daami - Fastest WordPress Blog Theme About Theme Brand new blog theme – “Daami”. This theme has been carefully crafted to provide the perfect platform for bloggers who want to showcase their content in a visually appealing and engaging way. With its clean and modern design, Daami is fully responsive, meaning that your blog will look great on any device. The […] Details Buy Now Demo $39.00 Naami - Fastest WordPress Blog Theme About Theme Brand new blog theme – “Naami”. This theme has been carefully crafted to provide the perfect platform for bloggers who want to showcase their content in a visually appealing and engaging way. With its clean and modern design, Naami is fully responsive, meaning that your blog will look great on any device. The […] Details Buy Now Demo WHY TRY CANDID THEMES? For Quality Products, Best Ever Support and Regular Updates EASY SETUP Every Products are Built Based On Live Customizer For User Friendly Theme Options. GENUINE SUPPORT Faced Problem? Don't Worry, Our Support Team Will Help You Via Live Chat, Forum & Email. REGULAR UPDATES You Will Get Regular Updates With Added Features, Fixed Issues and Users Request Contents. RESPONSIVE DESIGN With Great Effort, Themes At Candid Themes Are Meticulously Designed By Professional Team. TRANSLATION READY Start Developing Your Website In Your Own Language. Themes Are Totally Localized Ready. SEO FRIENDLY Get visible, get indexed and stay ahead of your competitors. Our Themes Are With SEO Friendly Codes. Quick Links All Themes Plan Contact Terms and Conditions Pricing Plans Affiliate Program Privacy Policy Customization/Maintenance E-mail Newsletter Subscribe to receive inspiration, ideas, and news in your inbox. Email Address: © 2025 Candid Themes | All Rights Reserved.