CanSpace - Canada's Best Web Hosting and Domain Name Provider Domains Web Hosting Web Hosting The perfect solution to run your website in a cost efficient way, with ample resources for growth. Reseller Hosting An easy way to manage multiple websites or start hosting your own clients. VPS Hosting Powerful Canadian VPS hosting with dedicated resources that are easy to scale. Dedicated Servers High-performance servers for large scale projects, most demanding needs and full control. WordPress Company About Us Learn about CanSpace and our values. Contact Reach our team 24/7. CanSpace Blog Check out our blog for the latest news and updates. Customer Success Stories Real CanSpace clients tell it how it is. Client Area Get in Touch Contact Form Get in touch with CanSpace for sales and general inquiries. Existing Clients Open a Support Ticket. Call Us 1-888-99-DOT-CA (1-888-993-6822) Live Chat Chat with one of our agents live. Search Lowest Price on .ca Domains guaranteed Only $11.99 per year! Canada's Leading Domain Registrar and Web Hosting Provider Free Domain Name with Web Hosting Purchase Free Professional Website Migration 24/7 Customer Support Trusted by Canada's Largest Corporations Starting from just $4.99 /mo Start Building Your Website Today! 100% Canadian Company Call Us: 1-888-99-DOT-CA (1-888-993-6822) Web Hosting Perfect for small to medium-sized websites, personal blogs, and email hosting. Web hosting provides an affordable solution for getting your site online with minimal hassle. Starting from $ 4.99 /mo Free Web-based Site Builder One Click App Installs Free Professional Migration Included SSL Certificate View All Plans WordPress Hosting Optimized specifically for WordPress users, this hosting solution offers fast speeds and enhanced security and performance for your WordPress website. Starting from $ 4.99 /mo One Click WordPress Install Unlimited Sub-Accounts Free Professional Migration Included SSL Certificate View All Plans VPS Hosting For advanced users who need more flexibility and performance, VPS hosting allows you to run multiple applications on a private server environment. Starting from $ 54.99 /mo Fully Managed Solutions SSD High-Speed Disks Unlimited Monthly Bandwidth Elastic Infrastructure View All Plans Dedicated Servers The ultimate in performance. Dedicated servers offer the maximum control, privacy, and resources needed to handle complex applications. Starting from $ 99.99 /mo Fully Managed Solutions Dedicated Physical Hardware Unlimited Monthly Bandwidth Fastest and Most Secure View All Plans 30 Day Guarantee We offer a 30-day risk free, money-back guarantee on all web hosting packages. 24/7/365 Support Support available every day, around-the-clock, from our team of experts. Daily Backups All hosting accounts offer daily backups (optional for Starter plan) for emergency data recovery. Thousands of Happy Customers across Canada Awesome from the very start Canspace has been awesome from the start - highly recommend their services. I'm building a site using OpenCart and am brand new to all of this. Whenever I call support for tips or advice they are always super kind and easy to talk to, and most importantly - very helpful. They are never in a rush to get me off the phone and without their help I never would have gotten this site online. Prices are great and they charge in Canadian dollars which is also great for me. Thanks so much guys.. I appreciate your professionalism and all the help you've given me! Andrzej Kowalski Can't recommend CanSpace enough! Their tech support held my hand during the whole migration process and have been 10x more responsive than my last hosting provider. They even helped me update and customize my theme which is really above and beyond what I was expecting. Kudos to the whole CanSpace support team - I can't recommend these guys enough! Stafane H. Literally 10x faster than our previous host CanSpace had everything migrated and running flawlessly the same day, and literally 10x faster than our previous host. Support has always been there when we've needed it, which has been admittedly not very often. Overall a great experience and we will be moving more sites to them in the future Jason Sinquefield Great experience with CanSpace Great option for web hosting in Canada. My needs were basic and I'm only paying a few bucks a month, but they treated me very professionally and walked me very patiently through the entire process of getting my site up and running. They even reached out a few days later to ask how everything was going! My site is running smoothly now and I'm looking forward to building it up more. Great experience here. Steve Janovich Super impressed with support team I just wanted to share my appreciation for the CanSpace support team. They migrated a BROKEN Wordpress installation from my previous host (it was hacked), fixed it up, removed the hack, and got it up and running for me all within a day. They updated all my plugins to the latest versions and even installed a Wordpress firewall for me. Some developers on Upwork were going to charge me hundreds for this - CanSpace did it all for free once I signed up with them. Super impressed! Vincent Mann Excellent response time and professionalism I've been using CanSpace for both myself and my clients over the last 2 years. Great support - never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a ticket response. What impresses me the most is the time they take to respond to my tickets and detail they provide in their explanations. Control panel is great (standard cPanel setup), uptime has been excellent, and more features than I will ever use. I have a ton of confidence in these guys and will continue to recommend them. Julian Hubbard Very happy with CanSpace I have all my .ca domains with CanSpace for many years now and decided to finally move my hosting over to them after consistently receiving great support. My previous hosting company would NEVER answer the phone and I would have to wait at least 2 hours for a reply to any ticket. CanSpace has been the opposite - ticket responses are super prompt, and every time I've requested a call they were happy to reach out. I signed up for a month at first to test but just decided to commit and sign for 3 years for the discount. Very happy so far! Anna Pridham Awesome migration team and support We switched to CanSpace and within a day they had us fully migrated. We are actually paying LESS than before, and our site is performing way better. The migration was a pretty complicated one as we weren't even coming from a cPanel-based host, but they did it all for free and everything is working 100%. Greg Cholakov Could not be happier We just finished moving our entire company over to CanSpace and the process was smooth and efficient. We have about 15 staff using their email accounts regularly, so it was extremely important to us to make sure everything was migrated correctly and that there was no downtime. Their sales staff are great and immediately alleviated all of my concerns - they were very knowledgeable and held out hands throughout the entire process. Could not be happier. Andrew Rabine 4.9 Verified Company Rated Excellent 83% of Canadians Prefer Shopping on .CA Choose.CA Why CanSpace? Industry Leader When you choose CanSpace for your company's web hosting needs, you choose security, professionalism and peace of mind. CanSpace has been trusted for 15 years by Canada's largest Corporations and government entities for providing reliable, fast, and expertly supported hosting services. Low Prices CanSpace offers industry leading pricing for our domain names and web hosting services. In fact, we offer the lowest .ca domain registration prices in Canada, period. Unlike our competitors who claim to offer the lowest prices, ours simply are. Why pay more? No Overselling Unlike our competitors, we don't offer unrealistic plans with "unlimited disk space and bandwidth for $1 a month" - leading to slow loading and often inaccessible websites. You can be assured that you will always receive the level of service and reliability that Canadians have come to expect from CanSpace. Award Winning Service Your website is the key to your business, and at CanSpace we keep your website running at lightning-fast speeds, and with 100% uptime. Our datacenter is staffed 24/7, and our support staff is also available around the clock to deal with any concerns or issues you may have. Powered by Green Energy All servers from CanSpace are powered entirely by 100% Canadian-generated green energy. Power comes directly from the Beauharnois hydroelectric generating station in Quebec. The datacentre is also cooled directly by the hydro-dam itself, and does not require wasteful air conditioning. By choosing CanSpace not only are you supporting the Canadian energy sector, you are also choosing to have a green carbon footprint. Proudly Canadian If you're a Canadian individual or business looking for web hosting, choosing a Canadian web hosting provider likely makes more sense today than ever. Not only will you be benefiting the Canadian economy and Canadians in general, you'll be benefiting your own business as well. Click here to read more about the benefits of choosing a Canadian hosting provider. All CanSpace servers are hosted here in Canada, on Canadian IP addresses, in Canadian datacentres. We are a 100% Purely Canadian Company, and Proud CanSpace is a purely Canadian company - not a branch or subsidiary of an American company. Read more about CanSpace. All of our Prices are Always in Canadian Dollars, Period All of our prices are always in Canadian dollars and you are only ever billed in Canadian dollars. We do not charge in any other foreign currency. Canadian Staff that Understands you, and your Business All of our staff, all of our servers, and all of your data is always here within Canadian borders. Your data is not subject to foreign rules or regulations. Customer Success Stories Lori Paul Co-Founder and Vocal Coach, Spiderlodge www.spiderlodge.ca Whenever I’ve had a question or concern regarding some aspect of our site, I’ve been pleased with the prompt and friendly response I get from the CanSpace support team, who are available 24/7. Read More Denise Murphy & Michael Stamler Owners, Lightmaker Studio www.lightmakerstudio.com Marketing information in the design industry has moved from being very paper based to being digital. A stable platform and good customer support is essential. CanSpace has always provided this to us which is why we are still customers after 10 years. Read More Klaus Stelzig Founder, Lignum Design www.lignum-design.net Getting our website set-up with CanSpace hosting was super easy! The Control Panel offers all the features we need, and we appreciate the fast response times in their support ticketing system. Read More Audrey Whitson Writer, Audrey Whitson Writer www.audreywhitson.com Having a website allows me to market my books, blogs and writing events. It also adds credibility to my work and who I am as an author and allows people to get to know me before approaching me on social media or in person. Read More Hilary Duncan Owner, Cognition Clinic www.cognitionclinic.ca CanSpace aligns perfectly with my objectives for my website by providing reliable web hosting services that ensure my site is accessible, secure, and user-friendly. Read More Leila Sumi & Birch Kuch Owners, Whisky Jack Cache www.whiskyjackcache.ca CanSpace has been a great service for us over the years. Their basic hosting package […] makes having a website affordable even for a tiny business. We can curate our own web presence to interact with our customers and avoid social media altogether. Read More Alison Brewster Co-Owner, Brewster’s Golf www.brewstersgolf.com CanSpace gives us more exposure for us to continue growing and increase business within our short operating season. They are very user-friendly and give us the support we need to run a successful business. Read More Michael Hart Founder and CEO, HUMAN.ca www.human.ca CanSpace support staff have always been there when I falter, either as a safety net or a voice of experience. I’ve used other web hosting companies over the years, but none where I feel such a member of their community. Read More Suzanne Vardy Clinical Counsellor, Compassionate Parenting www.compassionateparenting.ca Building a website was completely new and overwhelming to me. The CanSpace website was easy to navigate and the staff were quick to answer my questions. Read More Andrew Captan Lawyer, Criminal Defense Lawyer www.toronto-criminallawyer.ca Having a secure website, on a secure hosting platform, is crucial, especially for lawyers who might be the target of various "malware" attacks. Being a client of CanSpace provides secure hosting and fast and efficient customer service. Read More Shawn Whalen Founder, Clear Image www.clearimage.ca Knowing that our customer’s data is secured in Canadian data centres and being able to rely on CanSpace for 24/7 support is critical to being able to support our customer’s needs. Read More Peter Midgley Writer and Editor, Peter Midgley www.midgley.ca The Professional package gives me ample disk space and allows me to manage multiple domains and email accounts. I have all the tools I need to build an attractive website and the support, whenever I’ve needed it, has been excellent. Read More Kevin Kamau Founder and CEO, Ediseed www.ediseed.com CanSpace provides the digital bridge between us and our clients while helping us share the possibilities of our collaboration with our next potential client or partner. Read More Roxann Brown Interior Designer, Roxann Interior Design www.roxanninteriordesign.ca I read reviews upon reviews, and settled on CanSpace because of the positive and great reviews. The tech support group [is] so quick, that I could leave my desk after pressing ‘send‘ on a question and by the time I get back from pouring my coffee, the answer is there! Read More Simon Chaput President and Founder, Boréas Technologies www.boreas.ca CanSpace […] status as a Canadian hosting provider […] holds strategic significance for our organization. We have experienced a commendable level of service characterized by exceptional reliability and, notably, a complete absence of security issues. Read More Dan Ruegg Co-Founder and CEO, EcoMarine Technologies www.ecomarine.tech I have used CanSpace over the years (as a web and domain host) for companies I have consulted or designed sites for. [They offer] easy to use tools for building a site, and their support has always been there to back us up when help is needed. Read More Behnam Pourani Founder and CEO, Luma Marketing Agency www.lumamarketing.ca CanSpace […] web hosting services are exemplary in terms of security and reliability. […] Whether it's setting up domains, configuring email accounts, troubleshooting technical issues, or optimizing performance, CanSpace has always been there to ensure smooth operations for our online presence. Read More Lee Abbott Artist and Designer, Lee James Abbott leejamesabbott.com CanSpace has been a game-changer for my website. Having a reliable hosting service ensures my portfolio is always live which is crucial when you’re trying to impress potential clients with your latest work. Read More Jocelyn Mann Founder and CEO, SolAcademics www.solacademics.com CanSpace is a great platform for your website and their live chat has come in handy when you are in a pinch. They are also quick to respond and resolve any problem. Read More Aaron Boley Co-director, The Outer Space Institute www.outerspaceinstitute.ca CanSpace has been a great platform for us, enabling multiple ways to interact with and update our website, giving us great hosting options, and having an incredibly responsive team who help us to find solutions for our web hosting needs. Read More Matt Minty Psychotherapist, Frontier Therapy www.frontiertherapy.ca CanSpace has offered me a platform to connect with my audience. I've been thrilled with my experience and would recommend them to anyone looking for hosting services. Read More Geminus Ngo Co-Founder and CEO, CopIt www.copit.ca As a burgeoning startup, our priorities encompass not only cost-effective solutions but also streamlined approaches that simplify complexity. Since 2021, CanSpace has consistently met and exceeded these criteria with flying colors, […] consistently delivering on their promises and ensuring our digital infrastructure remains robust. Read More What's New on Our Blog The Most Popular Domain Name Extensions in Canada December 18, 2025 A website’s domain name is more than an address. It shows who you are, what you offer, and where you operate. When someone types your web address, the domain extension is the ending at the right side of the dot. It may look small, but it plays an important role in how people view your […] Read More Step-by-Step Guide on How to Get Started with WordPress December 11, 2025 A website gives people a place to learn about who you are and what you offer. WordPress makes it possible to build that website without needing advanced technical skills. It is flexible, widely used, and supported by a large community. With the right steps, beginners can set up a WordPress website and start building their […] Read More What Are Backlinks? December 4, 2025 Backlinks play a strong role in how websites gain visibility online. They act as connections across the web, guiding search engines to understand which pages hold value and authority. When a reputable website links to your page, it signals reliability and relevance. Let’s explain what backlinks are, why they matter, how to manage them, and […] Read More Our Services are Trusted by Canada's Largest Corporations. Follow Us On: 1-888-99-DOT-CA (888-993-6822) [email protected] Company About Us Contact Customer Success Stories Employment CanSpace Blog Hosting Solutions Web Hosting WordPress Hosting Reseller Hosting VPS Hosting Dedicated Servers Custom Services Domain Services Domain Names Transfer a Domain Renew Existing Domains To Be Released (TBR) Domains SSL Certificates Support My Support Tickets Submit New Ticket Knowledgebase Guide to WordPress Hosting Why Choose a Canadian Host USA vs Canada Hosting Client Area My Services My Domains My Invoices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright © 2025, CanSpace Solutions Inc.