Home - Cantor |  Cantor Skip to main content Our Company Our Business Insights Careers Philanthropy Menu Our Company Our Business Insights Careers Philanthropy Who We Are Conferences Our Brands Investment Banking Equities Equity Research Fixed Income Prime Services Asset Management Our Company Who We Are Conferences Our Brands Our Business Investment Banking Equities Equity Research Fixed Income Prime Services Asset Management Insights Careers Philanthropy Overview Our Business Our Statistics Latest Insights Learn More Overview Iconic global financial institution with world-class talent, providing specialized sector expertise, innovative products, and personalized solutions to clients across the globe. Grounded in an entrepreneurial mindset, Cantor has been a pioneer of the financial services industry since our foundation. We continue to set ourselves apart by providing clients with access to our full suite of specialized products, services and investment banking expertise to help them shape the future of their industries. Throughout our company’s history, our perseverance has never wavered. Instead, it is a force that drives us every day, as we help our clients meet their financial goals. Cantor Fitzgerald Group of Companies The Cantor companies provide fixed income, equity capital markets, prime, asset management, advisory and investment banking products, services, and technology solutions. Throughout its history, Cantor has fueled the growth of original ideas, pioneered new markets, and provided exceptional services to clients. Learn more BGC is a group of leading global marketplace, data, and financial technology and services companies for a broad range of products, including fixed income, foreign exchange, energy, commodities, shipping, equities, and now includes the FMX Futures Exchange. BGC’s clients are many of the world’s largest banks, broker-dealers, investment banks, trading firms, hedge funds, governments, corporations, and investment firms. Visit BGC Group The Newmark companies provide commercial real estate, brokerage, advisory, property management, valuation, leasing, technology and other financial and real estate-related services to large institutional investors, global corporations, and other owners and occupiers. Covering every stage of the property life cycle, Newmark offers a diverse array of integrated services and products designed to meet the full needs of its clients. Visit NEWMARK Our Business A full suite of investment banking and capital-raising products and services to support clients through all market cycles. Investment Banking Exceptional idea generation, strategic insights, and specialized trade execution across a wide range of equity capital market products. Equities Premier sales and trading execution capabilities across a wide range of assets, and an experienced primary dealer for US Treasuries. Fixed Income Innovative insights and expertise from leading analysts on the Street, providing specialized coverage in healthcare and technology. Equity Research Leading provider of traditional and alternative investment solutions for forward-thinking institutional and high-net worth clients. Asset Management Full-service prime brokerage, offering customized multi-asset clearing, execution, and financing capabilities. Prime Services Our Statistics 0 + Investment banking transactions completed since 2016 0 + Companies covered globally by our equity research team 0 of 25 US Primary Dealers 0 + Office locations 0 years In business 0 % Privately owned partnership Latest Insights All Insights > Media Center > Previous Slide Future trends driving the mobility sector: A Q&A with Andres Sheppard Read Now Navigating market risks and opportunities in 2025 Read Now The emergence of eVTOLS in 2025 Watch Now The impact of volatility on equities markets in 2025 Watch Now The cusp of autonomy Watch Now The Bitcoin AI intersection Watch Now IT Infrastructure Spending Watch Now M&A Trends with Cole Bader Watch Now Semiconductors in focus: The impact of AI & geopolitics Watch Now Next Slide The cusp of autonomy Watch Now The Bitcoin AI intersection Watch Now IT Infrastructure Spending Watch Now M&A Trends with Cole Bader Watch Now Semiconductors in focus: The impact of AI & geopolitics Watch Now Future trends driving the mobility sector: A Q&A with Andres Sheppard Read Now Navigating market risks and opportunities in 2025 Read Now The emergence of eVTOLS in 2025 Watch Now The impact of volatility on equities markets in 2025 Watch Now Learn More Who We Are Media Center Careers Philanthropy Our Company Who We Are Conferences Our Locations Cantor Fitzgerald Our Business Investment Banking Equities Fixed Income Equity Research Prime Services Asset Management Learn More Careers Philanthropy Investor Center Contact Us Media Center Terms Of Use Disclosures and Policies Privacy Statement Customer Privacy Notice UK Privacy Notices Cookie Settings Select US States Consumer Privacy Notices Check the background of our firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck Copyright © Cantor Fitzgerald