Canton Repository: Local News, Politics & Sports in Canton, OH News Sports Lifestyle Opinion Real Estate Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals What are the most popular Stark Parks and trails? Winter weather advisory issued for Canton area ahead of snow and cold Parking bans start ahead of expected snow in Stark County Brecksville Holiday Tournament wrestling results, updates and brackets Watch Now More Stories Area HS recaps, results | Dec. 29-Jan. 4 What stores are open on New Year's Eve and New Year's… Best Stark County winter sports photos of 2025-26 Ohio Republicans want to name part of I-70 after Trump Miami vs. Ohio State injury report: Who will miss Cotton… Shopping How to use FSA funds at Pair Eyewear before December ends Save 15% on 2026 stays at Spark by Hilton hotels nationwide Watch the College Football Playoff quarterfinals on Sling, here's how News What are the most popular Stark Parks and trails? Winter weather advisory issued for Canton area ahead of snow and cold Parking bans start ahead of expected snow in Stark County Sports Brecksville Holiday Tournament wrestling results, updates and brackets 15 Hall of Fame finalists named in Modern-Era Player category Year of the coach: Larry Kehres' amazing journey to HOF career begins Entertainment From Niko Moon to Nickelback. The best of 2025 entertainment in Canton Watch one of Canton, Ohio's best concerts of 2025: Niko Moon downtown Netflix makes inroads with respect to favorite movies 2025 Life Stark County's menu of restaurants, bars changed often in 2025 Muzzleloader season set for deer hunting. When, best Ohio counties Aultman, Mercy births for Dec. 7-13 Business What stores are open on New Year's Eve and New Year's Day in Canton? Assisted living development being built in Jackson Township Canton's ABCD community agency to get new leadership as Dent retires Opinion What are the Earth's New Year's resolutions? | Cartoon 2025 'Word of the Year' perfectly describes the war of words | Opinion Charita M. Goshay Let optometrists provide laser procedures | Letter Trending Is firing a gun in air on New Year's Eve OK? Police say don't do it. Is airport fashion is back? Is the civility campaign working? Many 2026 holidays and celebrations will happen on Fridays, Saturdays Featured Gallery Extra, Extra ENTER NOW! ENTER OFTEN! Take our survey! Check it Out! More in Contests 15 Hall of Fame finalists named in Modern-Era Player category Year of the coach: Larry Kehres' amazing journey to HOF career begins Meet the people who want to end property taxes in Ohio Stark County's menu of restaurants, bars changed often in 2025 VOTE NOW | Who is the Stark County Athlete of the Week for Dec. 22-28? About Us Careers Staff Directory Accessibility Sitemap Legals Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account My Print Account Give Feedback Promote Your Event Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook X eNewspaper Archives Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions Events © 2025 www.cantonrep.com. All rights reserved.