Top 2 in NZ for employment outcomes | University of Canterbury Skip to main content Future students Current students International Postgraduates Alumni UC Online Staff About UC Mō UC About UC Mō UC keyboard_arrow_right About UC overview About UC Why UC? Our story What we do Our structure Our ranking Our values Campus & community Campus maps Our campus and environment Sustainability Hub Work at UC Our Alumni Connect with us Contact us Corporate information Canterbury University Press Partnering with UC Donating to UC Study Ako Study Ako keyboard_arrow_right Study overview Study information Logins & tools Getting started Admission and enrolment Study costs Scholarships Study support & information Exams Graduation Key dates Our faculties Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law Science Study options Qualifications View all subjects Courses Academic study options Transition programmes Other study options UC Graduate School School & community outreach Library Life Te Ao o UC Life Te Ao o UC keyboard_arrow_right Life overview Student life Accommodation Communities and clubs Facilities Sports, fitness and recreation Student life Support Support and wellbeing Accessibility Financial support Safety and security Careers for students Resources IT Services & software Student ID | Canterbury Card Sustainability For Alumni Parking Information Research Rangahau Research Rangahau keyboard_arrow_right Research overview About our research About UC's research Doing research at UC eResearch at UC Research groups & projects Research groups and centres Research specialities and projects Resources & facilities Contact Research and Innovation Library Research facilities and equipment Field stations IP and commercialisation News and Events Rongo o te Wā News and Events Rongo o te Wā keyboard_arrow_right News and Events overview Latest News News Student notices Events Events Regular events and celebrations Apply now search search menu Apply now close Close Menu keyboard_arrow_right Mō UC About UC keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close About UC Mō UC keyboard_arrow_right About UC overview About UC Why UC? Our story What we do Our structure Our ranking Our values Campus & community Campus maps Our campus and environment Sustainability Hub Work at UC Our Alumni Connect with us Contact us Corporate information Canterbury University Press Partnering with UC Donating to UC keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Study Ako keyboard_arrow_right Study overview Study information Logins & tools Getting started Admission and enrolment Study costs Scholarships Study support & information Exams Graduation Key dates Our faculties Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law Science Study options Qualifications View all subjects Courses Academic study options Transition programmes Other study options UC Graduate School School & community outreach Library keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Life Te Ao o UC keyboard_arrow_right Life overview Student life Accommodation Communities and clubs Facilities Sports, fitness and recreation Student life Support Support and wellbeing Accessibility Financial support Safety and security Careers for students Resources IT Services & software Student ID | Canterbury Card Sustainability For Alumni Parking Information keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Research Rangahau keyboard_arrow_right Research overview About our research About UC's research Doing research at UC eResearch at UC Research groups & projects Research groups and centres Research specialities and projects Resources & facilities Contact Research and Innovation Library Research facilities and equipment Field stations IP and commercialisation keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close News and Events Rongo o te Wā keyboard_arrow_right News and Events overview Latest News News Student notices Events Events Regular events and celebrations keyboard_arrow_right Ako Study keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close About UC Mō UC keyboard_arrow_right About UC overview About UC Why UC? Our story What we do Our structure Our ranking Our values Campus & community Campus maps Our campus and environment Sustainability Hub Work at UC Our Alumni Connect with us Contact us Corporate information Canterbury University Press Partnering with UC Donating to UC keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Study Ako keyboard_arrow_right Study overview Study information Logins & tools Getting started Admission and enrolment Study costs Scholarships Study support & information Exams Graduation Key dates Our faculties Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law Science Study options Qualifications View all subjects Courses Academic study options Transition programmes Other study options UC Graduate School School & community outreach Library keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Life Te Ao o UC keyboard_arrow_right Life overview Student life Accommodation Communities and clubs Facilities Sports, fitness and recreation Student life Support Support and wellbeing Accessibility Financial support Safety and security Careers for students Resources IT Services & software Student ID | Canterbury Card Sustainability For Alumni Parking Information keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Research Rangahau keyboard_arrow_right Research overview About our research About UC's research Doing research at UC eResearch at UC Research groups & projects Research groups and centres Research specialities and projects Resources & facilities Contact Research and Innovation Library Research facilities and equipment Field stations IP and commercialisation keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close News and Events Rongo o te Wā keyboard_arrow_right News and Events overview Latest News News Student notices Events Events Regular events and celebrations keyboard_arrow_right Te Ao o UC Life keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close About UC Mō UC keyboard_arrow_right About UC overview About UC Why UC? Our story What we do Our structure Our ranking Our values Campus & community Campus maps Our campus and environment Sustainability Hub Work at UC Our Alumni Connect with us Contact us Corporate information Canterbury University Press Partnering with UC Donating to UC keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Study Ako keyboard_arrow_right Study overview Study information Logins & tools Getting started Admission and enrolment Study costs Scholarships Study support & information Exams Graduation Key dates Our faculties Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law Science Study options Qualifications View all subjects Courses Academic study options Transition programmes Other study options UC Graduate School School & community outreach Library keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Life Te Ao o UC keyboard_arrow_right Life overview Student life Accommodation Communities and clubs Facilities Sports, fitness and recreation Student life Support Support and wellbeing Accessibility Financial support Safety and security Careers for students Resources IT Services & software Student ID | Canterbury Card Sustainability For Alumni Parking Information keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Research Rangahau keyboard_arrow_right Research overview About our research About UC's research Doing research at UC eResearch at UC Research groups & projects Research groups and centres Research specialities and projects Resources & facilities Contact Research and Innovation Library Research facilities and equipment Field stations IP and commercialisation keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close News and Events Rongo o te Wā keyboard_arrow_right News and Events overview Latest News News Student notices Events Events Regular events and celebrations keyboard_arrow_right Rangahau Research keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close About UC Mō UC keyboard_arrow_right About UC overview About UC Why UC? Our story What we do Our structure Our ranking Our values Campus & community Campus maps Our campus and environment Sustainability Hub Work at UC Our Alumni Connect with us Contact us Corporate information Canterbury University Press Partnering with UC Donating to UC keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Study Ako keyboard_arrow_right Study overview Study information Logins & tools Getting started Admission and enrolment Study costs Scholarships Study support & information Exams Graduation Key dates Our faculties Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law Science Study options Qualifications View all subjects Courses Academic study options Transition programmes Other study options UC Graduate School School & community outreach Library keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Life Te Ao o UC keyboard_arrow_right Life overview Student life Accommodation Communities and clubs Facilities Sports, fitness and recreation Student life Support Support and wellbeing Accessibility Financial support Safety and security Careers for students Resources IT Services & software Student ID | Canterbury Card Sustainability For Alumni Parking Information keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Research Rangahau keyboard_arrow_right Research overview About our research About UC's research Doing research at UC eResearch at UC Research groups & projects Research groups and centres Research specialities and projects Resources & facilities Contact Research and Innovation Library Research facilities and equipment Field stations IP and commercialisation keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close News and Events Rongo o te Wā keyboard_arrow_right News and Events overview Latest News News Student notices Events Events Regular events and celebrations keyboard_arrow_right Rongo o te Wā News and Events keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close About UC Mō UC keyboard_arrow_right About UC overview About UC Why UC? Our story What we do Our structure Our ranking Our values Campus & community Campus maps Our campus and environment Sustainability Hub Work at UC Our Alumni Connect with us Contact us Corporate information Canterbury University Press Partnering with UC Donating to UC keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Study Ako keyboard_arrow_right Study overview Study information Logins & tools Getting started Admission and enrolment Study costs Scholarships Study support & information Exams Graduation Key dates Our faculties Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law Science Study options Qualifications View all subjects Courses Academic study options Transition programmes Other study options UC Graduate School School & community outreach Library keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Life Te Ao o UC keyboard_arrow_right Life overview Student life Accommodation Communities and clubs Facilities Sports, fitness and recreation Student life Support Support and wellbeing Accessibility Financial support Safety and security Careers for students Resources IT Services & software Student ID | Canterbury Card Sustainability For Alumni Parking Information keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Research Rangahau keyboard_arrow_right Research overview About our research About UC's research Doing research at UC eResearch at UC Research groups & projects Research groups and centres Research specialities and projects Resources & facilities Contact Research and Innovation Library Research facilities and equipment Field stations IP and commercialisation keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close News and Events Rongo o te Wā keyboard_arrow_right News and Events overview Latest News News Student notices Events Events Regular events and celebrations Future students Current students International Postgraduates Alumni UC Online Staff Happy Holidays Ngā mihi o te wā 18 July 2023 HOW TO APPLY Latest from UC UC’s people celebrated for their dedication and success Hui Whakamānawa | Celebrating Staff Success is an event recognising our UC staff’s success over the past year. UC’s people celebrated for their dedication and success Hui Whakamānawa | Celebrating Staff Success is an event recognising our UC staff’s success over the past year. UC’s people celebrated for their dedication and success Pressing this button will open your email client. Pressing this button will start a call. UC graduates’ new pathway into medicine Under a new agreement, UC graduates from a wide range of disciplines will have the opportunity to pursue medical training. UC graduates’ new pathway into medicine Under a new agreement, UC graduates from a wide range of disciplines will have the opportunity to pursue medical training. UC graduates’ new pathway into medicine Pressing this button will open your email client. Pressing this button will start a call. News Summer is here and so is our UC summer storytelling! Explore some of the research, creativity, and ideas shaping our world. Follow #UCSummerStories for fresh perspectives and inspiring achievements shaping adventures, communities, and futures this season. News Summer is here and so is our UC summer storytelling! Explore some of the research, creativity, and ideas shaping our world. Follow #UCSummerStories for fresh perspectives and inspiring achievements shaping adventures, communities, and futures this season. News Pressing this button will open your email client. Pressing this button will start a call. Research at UC UC is a leading global research-intensive university, delivering world-class research with the impact to make a positive difference for people and the planet. Become a research student Find a researcher What can I study? chevron_right Academic study options Our communities With more than 26,000 students from over 100 countries, UC is home to a vibrant and diverse community. This rich mix of backgrounds and experiences contributes to UC’s position as one of the world’s top 100 student cities (QS Rankings 2026). See all communities Ākonga Māori 31 August 2023 UC Māori provides support for all ākonga Māori studying at Te Whare Wānanga o Waitaha. Whether you need academic or financial support, guidance or social connection, we've got you covered. And once you enrol, a Kaiurungi will check in to make sure you're settling in well and have all the information you need. Check out what's available at UC Māori! Ākonga Māori UC Māori provides support for all ākonga Māori studying at Te Whare Wānanga o Waitaha. Whether you need academic or financial support, guidance or social connection, we've got you covered. And once you enrol, a Kaiurungi will check in to make sure you're settling in well and have all the information you need. Check out what's available at UC Māori! Ākonga Māori Ākonga Māori Pacific students 14 November 2023 We are excited to have you join our diverse academic community, where Pacific students thrive through, and gain a world-class education. Check out the range of programmes and services available! Pacific students We are excited to have you join our diverse academic community, where Pacific students thrive through, and gain a world-class education. Check out the range of programmes and services available! Pacific students Pacific students Disabled students 23 February 2024 At UC, we celebrate disabled people as a valued part of our diverse community. We value lived experience of disability and the expertise that it brings. We are committed to improving the experience of students who are disabled by the environment. Disabled students At UC, we celebrate disabled people as a valued part of our diverse community. We value lived experience of disability and the expertise that it brings. We are committed to improving the experience of students who are disabled by the environment. Disabled students Disabled students Rainbow communities 01 December 2023 UC celebrates and respects our Rainbow ākonga | students and aims to foster an inclusive and affirming environment. Check out our Rainbow support options, student clubs, events and spaces. Rainbow communities UC celebrates and respects our Rainbow ākonga | students and aims to foster an inclusive and affirming environment. Check out our Rainbow support options, student clubs, events and spaces. Rainbow communities Rainbow communities International 21 October 2024 Information for international students, agents or university partners already studying or working with us, or looking to in the future. International Information for international students, agents or university partners already studying or working with us, or looking to in the future. International International Current students 25 August 2023 As a current UC student, this is your resource hub. Find the relevant, up-to-date information about your studies at UC. Current students As a current UC student, this is your resource hub. Find the relevant, up-to-date information about your studies at UC. Current students Current students Future students 25 August 2023 Check out the different study options on offer, the diverse range of subjects and courses available, and how to get yourself enrolled. Head along to one of our future student events to find out why UC is the best place to study. Future students Check out the different study options on offer, the diverse range of subjects and courses available, and how to get yourself enrolled. Head along to one of our future student events to find out why UC is the best place to study. Future students Future students Postgraduates 25 August 2023 Postgraduate study at UC lets you hone your expertise and focus on the area that you're most passionate about. Whether you want to deepen your knowledge from your undergraduate degree, enhance your skillset to progress your career, or pursue an entirely new path, UC has more than 100 postgraduate programmes that will help you advance with purpose. Postgraduates Postgraduate study at UC lets you hone your expertise and focus on the area that you're most passionate about. Whether you want to deepen your knowledge from your undergraduate degree, enhance your skillset to progress your career, or pursue an entirely new path, UC has more than 100 postgraduate programmes that will help you advance with purpose. Postgraduates Postgraduates Alumni 05 September 2023 UC is proud of our alumni and their achievements. The connections we share with graduates and friends are a vital part of UC’s future. Stay connected through our active alumni network and discover the events and benefits available to you. Alumni UC is proud of our alumni and their achievements. The connections we share with graduates and friends are a vital part of UC’s future. Stay connected through our active alumni network and discover the events and benefits available to you. Alumni Alumni chevron_left chevron_right Latest news See all news Scholarship fuels ex-chef engineer’s mission for change 18 December 2025 A 2025 Order of the White Rose scholar is pioneering research into low-carbon, quake-resilient buildings and championing women’s futures in engineering. Scholarship fuels ex-chef engineer’s mission for change A 2025 Order of the White Rose scholar is pioneering research into low-carbon, quake-resilient buildings and championing women’s futures in engineering. Scholarship fuels ex-chef engineer’s mission for change Scholarship fuels ex-chef engineer’s mission for change UC research unveils the mysteries behind little owls 18 December 2025 New University of Canterbury research is shining light on Christchurch’s introduced little owls, helping us understand what they eat and where they live. UC research unveils the mysteries behind little owls New University of Canterbury research is shining light on Christchurch’s introduced little owls, helping us understand what they eat and where they live. UC research unveils the mysteries behind little owls UC research unveils the mysteries behind little owls Kiwi team lead ‘out of this world’ study of new comet 17 December 2025 A Kiwi team is reaching for the stars with world-leading research into a new interstellar comet described as a ‘dusty snowball’. Kiwi team lead ‘out of this world’ study of new comet A Kiwi team is reaching for the stars with world-leading research into a new interstellar comet described as a ‘dusty snowball’. Kiwi team lead ‘out of this world’ study of new comet Kiwi team lead ‘out of this world’ study of new comet Local leaders win UC business scholarship 16 December 2025 Three outstanding leaders have been awarded a prestigious academic scholarship in recognition of their community impact and leadership potential. Local leaders win UC business scholarship Three outstanding leaders have been awarded a prestigious academic scholarship in recognition of their community impact and leadership potential. Local leaders win UC business scholarship Local leaders win UC business scholarship Balance your pack, improve your tramp, UC study shows 15 December 2025 UC research shows that balanced backpacks can help trampers maintain natural posture and gait, reducing strain when compared to traditional pack designs. Balance your pack, improve your tramp, UC study shows UC research shows that balanced backpacks can help trampers maintain natural posture and gait, reducing strain when compared to traditional pack designs. Balance your pack, improve your tramp, UC study shows Balance your pack, improve your tramp, UC study shows UC launches new Bachelor of Health 15 December 2025 As the need for skilled professionals in public, community and mental health roles increases, UC’s new health degree will equip graduates to support healthier communities across Aotearoa New Zealand. UC launches new Bachelor of Health As the need for skilled professionals in public, community and mental health roles increases, UC’s new health degree will equip graduates to support healthier communities across Aotearoa New Zealand. UC launches new Bachelor of Health UC launches new Bachelor of Health UC energy research gets $1m boost 12 December 2025 Dr Rebecca Peer has won a prestigious fellowship to develop tools and insights that will guide Aotearoa’s shift to a resilient, low-carbon energy system. UC energy research gets $1m boost Dr Rebecca Peer has won a prestigious fellowship to develop tools and insights that will guide Aotearoa’s shift to a resilient, low-carbon energy system. UC energy research gets $1m boost UC energy research gets $1m boost UC halls ready to welcome Special Olympics athletes 10 December 2025 About 1400 beds have been made in University of Canterbury halls of residence in preparation for athletes competing in Christchurch this week. UC halls ready to welcome Special Olympics athletes About 1400 beds have been made in University of Canterbury halls of residence in preparation for athletes competing in Christchurch this week. UC halls ready to welcome Special Olympics athletes UC halls ready to welcome Special Olympics athletes UC initiative to inspire next generation of scientists 08 December 2025 UC’s new Scientists in Schools programme connects students, teachers and mentors to spark curiosity, boost STEM learning and inspire Canterbury’s future scientists. UC initiative to inspire next generation of scientists UC’s new Scientists in Schools programme connects students, teachers and mentors to spark curiosity, boost STEM learning and inspire Canterbury’s future scientists. UC initiative to inspire next generation of scientists UC initiative to inspire next generation of scientists chevron_left chevron_right close Close Privacy Preferences By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Accept all Decline all Cookies policy Back to top expand_less Find it Contact us Academic schools and departments UC Careers for students Maps Policies Service departments IT Services and Software Communities Do it Admission and Enrolment Library Media enquiries Partnering with UC Raise a concern Support and wellbeing Ways to Give Work at UC Study it Qualifications Subjects Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law and Criminal Justice Science Tools AKO | LEARN myUC Library IT self-service portal Student email and Office 365 Timetable planner Staff intranet Latest News Events 150 years General enquiries 0800 827 748 (within NZ) +64 3 369 3999 info@canterbury.ac.nz International enquiries +64 3 364 3443 Ask a question More contact details See all contacts Emergency contact details Ext: 92111 (from a campus landline) Direct dial: 0800 823 637 Emergency information Facebook icon Instagram icon LinkedIn icon Snapchat icon TikTok icon X icon WeChat icon YouTube icon Xiaohongshu (Little Red Book) icon Copyright Privacy Cookies declaration Payment data University of Canterbury | A Fair Trade University