Canto – The leader in digital asset management solutions Company Partners EN Login Products Solutions Customers Resources Pricing Book a demo We invented DAM. Now we’re reinventing it. Introducing Canto XI, the 11th generation of the Canto platform — reimagined with AI to accelerate every stage of the content lifecycle. Start a demo Explore Canto XI Meet Canto One platform, endless possibilities. Discover the single source of truth for your organization’s entire content lifecycle. Centralized Content Hub One place for all your brand’s digital assets Explore Canto DAM AI-Powered Search Find the right asset fast Search with AI Streamlined Distribution Expand the reach of your content Share assets smarter Effortless Collaboration Accelerate time to market Collaborate instantly Connected Product Info Accurate, consistent data — everywhere Explore Canto PIM Check out Canto for yourself Explore how Canto acts as the central repository for your team’s digital assets, effortlessly integrating content organization, collaboration, and distribution into a unified solution. Take a product tour Testimonials Canto customers love our impact View customer stories This year, we’re going to be publishing about twice as much as we did last year. It’s a complete relief that I know where everything is, everything is immediately accessible, on a super-quick platform. I can always rely on Canto. It’s been a huge improvement. I wanted more control over how our assets were photographed, stored and shared. We looked at several solutions, and Canto had the best user interface, in both the backend and the frontend. The search and filter tools are pretty magical. With Canto, we’re easily 20-25% more efficient in terms of time saved for marketers, graphic designers, and customer service. We save a lot of time, and time equals money that can be spent on other priorities. Our success with Canto has been defined by providing a streamlined, professional and collaborative experience for our customers, vendors and partners. Canto has taken the guesswork and stress out of digital asset management. We regularly held coordination meetings where first we developed the architecture of the new system and then continuously refined it. With Canto, it all went off without a hitch! View customer stories Let the digital transformation begin Without a DAM, your content isn’t reaching its full potential. Let's chat about what Canto’s DAM can do for you and your content ROI. Request free trial Industry leader in digital asset management (DAM), empowering your global brand with an AI-powered platform to manage your growing content library. Compliance ISO certified ANAB accredited UKAS certified Products Canto DAM Canto PIM Approval Hub AI Library Assistant AI Visual Search Brand Studio Media Publisher Choose Canto Why Canto? Canto AI Integrations Security Customer Stories By Industry Agencies Construction Consumer Packaged Goods Education Healthcare Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Non-Profits Retail Brands Sports Technology Travel & Hospitality By Team Brand Management Content & Creative Marketing Sales Resources Blog Webinars Events & Conferences eBooks Videos ROI Calculator Sitemap Company About us Press releases Careers Partners Contact Support Support Center Services & Implementation Tutorials API Imprint Privacy Policy DMCA Policy Fraud Prevention & Vulnerability Disclosure Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 Canto, Inc. All rights reserved. TOP