Capital One Credit Cards UK | Apply For A Credit Card Online | Capital One Skip to content Menu Credit Cards Classic credit card Over 4 million people already approved Balance Transfer card Transfer higher interest balances to a new card Get a simple yes or no before you apply Check if I'm eligible No impact to your credit score CreditWise Your free credit score and report Check my credit score Already have an account? Sign in Tools & tips Learn all about credit Credit card basics Getting started with credit Making credit clearer Understanding the jargon Credit limit increases Keeping you in the know Security and safety Look after your money Credit card tools CreditWise Track your free credit score Repayment calculator Work out the time to repay Mobile app Manage your card on the go Credit blog Helpful tips and articles It's easy in the app Help & support Get in touch Support centre Frequently asked questions Problem with a transaction Managing your account Money worries We're here if you need us Add a trusted person For short or long-term help Persistent debt Take control of your balance Accessibility Easy to use, for everyone Spending One time passcode Keep your account safe Contactless payments Pay quickly and securely Spending abroad Learn about foreign fees Cost of living support Find out how we can help More Checking your eligibility Applying for a credit card Our credit cards Credit builder credit cards Credit cards for bad credit Sign in Get a straight yes or no before you apply That's one good thing Add your name to get started First name Last name Let's go Won't affect your credit score Do it quicker in your online account View statements. Make payments. Check transactions. And lots more. Sign in now Find the right card for you See if you're eligible today, without hurting your credit score. Start with a credit limit of £ 200 - £ 4,000 Build your credit score over time No yearly membership fee Just remember, not using your card responsibly could hurt your credit score. This could mean you're less likely to be offered a credit limit increase. 34.9 % APR Representative variable Check my eligibility See our cards Apply online today 1 Do a QuickCheck without affecting your credit score 2 Get an answer in 60 seconds or less 3 Apply (if you get a yes) and your card arrives 7 to 10 days later Check my eligibility Do it in the app On a train. Over breakfast. From the sofa. Take care of your finances when it suits you. A screen showing the At A Glance Page from the mobile app A screen showing the Transactions Page from the mobile app A screen showing the Payments Page from the mobile app A screen showing the My Card Page from the mobile app Check my eligibility It's easy in the app See your balance and transactions in real time Keep an eye on any spending with notifications Lock or unlock your card any time Check your PIN, if it slips your mind Find out all about the app Not sure which card is right for you yet? More about our credit cards Credit card FAQs Everything you need to know about credit cards. And more. How do credit cards work? Is it easy to apply for a credit card? What are the pros and cons of having a credit card? What is representative APR? Will it affect my credit score if I apply for a credit card? Our 2 most popular credit cards Whether you’re looking for a 0% balance transfer or a credit card to spread the cost of everyday purchases, we could have the credit card for you. Check my eligibility Classic Card A card for everyday spends, spreading costs and building your credit score. £ 200 - £ 1,500 starting credit limit Get up to 2 credit increases a year Build your credit score over time 34.9 % APR representative variable. Not using your card responsibly could hurt your credit rating, making it harder to get credit in future. Balance Transfer Card Save on interest when you move higher rate balances to this card. Up to £ 8,000 starting credit limit 0 % interest on balance transfers for up to 18 months ( 3 % transfer fee) 0 % interest on purchases for 3 months Representative example: Assuming a credit limit of £ 1,200 and an interest rate on purchases of 34.94 % p.a. variable, you will receive a 34.9 % APR representative variable. Check my eligibility Credit Cards CreditWise Support Compliance About Us Contact Us © 2025 Capital One (Europe) plc, Trent House, Station Street, Nottingham, NG2 3HX. Capital One® is a registered trademark of Capital One. Mastercard® and the Mastercard Symbol are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.