Sales Commission Management Software | CaptivateIQ Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Make compensation transparent and actionable with CaptivateIQ's new AI-Powered Payee Experience. Give every payee a simple way to understand payouts and get instant answers. Learn more here  Why CaptivateIQ Products Back to Menu Product Product CaptivateIQ Incentives Automate commissions and deliver a better Return on Incentives. CaptivateIQ Planning Simplify sales planning and maximize territory effectiveness. CaptivateIQ Catalyst Advanced modeling layer for planning and incentives with predictive ML. Platform Capabilities Data Integrations SmartGrid™: ELT & Calculation Engine Assist: AI-Powered Intelligence Enterprise Workflow Automation Use Cases Incentive Compensation Management Capacity Planning Quota Setting Territory Management Predictive Modeling Bonuses & MBO Management See for yourself with a product tour SPM Incentives Planning Solutions Back to Menu for your organization Enterprise Mid-Market Partners Security & Privacy SOX Compliance for your role Compensation Professionals Finance & Accounting Sales & Revenue Operations Sales Management for your industry Financial Services Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Medical Devices Retail & Wholesale Technology Resources Back to Menu EXPLORE COMPANY About CaptivateIQ The modern sales commission solution to 10x revenue performance. Careers Contact Us LearnING RESOURCES Customers Explore how our customers are running commissions with ease and confidence. Resources Discover best practices, research reports, and expert guides to supercharge your success. Events Register for upcoming events featuring captivating guest speakers, or catch up on-demand. Blog Unlock the latest insights and best practices on ICM trends and beyond. ROI Calculator Calculate your potential ROI with CaptivateIQ. Explore our new thought leadership hub for all things incentive compensation management See what's new Pricing Login Book a Meeting Opener Planning and incentives in sync. Finally. Bring capacity, quotas, territories, and incentives together in a single AI-infused workspace built for agility, alignment, and scale. Book a Meeting Tour the Product Trusted by 800+ companies to chart the path to resilient revenue Planning & Incentives Built to adapt. One AI-infused platform from planning to payout. From setting objectives to calculating payouts, everything you need to plan, execute, monitor, and adapt tightly integrated sales and incentive compensation strategy. All without relying on services or IT. SmartGrid ELT Work off a single source of truth for incentives and planning. Ingest data from any source and transform it in real-time with the SmartGrid ELT modeling engine. Ensuring every model and calculation is built off a clean, up to date dataset. Explore this Capability Incentive Compensation Management Automate  commission calculations with precision and transparency. Build any commission plan, give payees real-time visibility into earnings and ensure your incentives are driving desired outcomes. Explore this Capability Sales Capacity and Quota Planning Balance workloads and ramp times while ensuring quotas are both achievable and aligned with business goals. Compare scenarios to get the right people in seat to hit targets. Explore this Capability Territory Management Build and manage territories that drive results. Automatically assign accounts, optimize opportunities across reps, and adapt boundaries as your business evolves—all with clear alignment across sales and operations. Explore this Capability Reporting & Analytics Turn planning and incentives data into actionable insights. Track performance trends, identify top performers, and understand what drives results with advanced reporting and real-time  dashboards that inform strategic decisions. Explore this Capability Predictive Modeling Forecast outcomes before they happen. Use ML-powered models to score accounts, predict quota attainment and  identify payout anomalies based on historical performance and trends. Explore this Capability Assist AI Build faster, with confidence. Quickly troubleshoot formulas, search documentation, optimize plans and improve payee visibility  with natural language queries and intelligent suggestions. Explore this Capability Revenue resilience, delivered. You need strategy that grows stronger when things change. That's revenue resilience, and it's built into CaptivateIQ. Explore our ROI Calculator 10% increase in seller attainment 6x faster plan creation 47% faster commissions process 9.5% increase in seller attainment CaptivateIQ is built for agility. Legacy tools weren’t designed for speed or adaptability. We built CaptivateIQ to make incentive compensation management and planning painless and wildly effective. Book a Meeting Connected workspace One source of truth  from capacity planning to payouts Clean, up-to-date dataset powered by SmartGrid Connected modeling across planning and incentives Single source-of-truth across finance, sales ops and compensation Real-time commission visibility for payees and leadership Unbeatable flexibility Plan for anything, pivot anytime Logic-based workbooks handle compensation plan complexity with ease No-code calculation engine to build & adapt without services Guided plan-building and scenario modeling with AI Assist Intelligent optimization Make better decisions, faster Real-time scenario modeling for planning & incentives End-to-end reporting out of the box Custom predictive ML models including forecasting and anomaly detection Helping operations teams run smarter and move faster. Michael D. Director of Revenue Operations “Through its flexibility, transparency and automation, CaptivateIQ has become an essential partner in scaling revenue operations for our fast-growing sales organization.” 60x faster at calculating monthly commissions Read their story Brian D. Director of Sales Finance "The downstream effects were significant. We were spending so much time on administrative tasks that we couldn’t focus on the real business problems that we wanted to be solving." 60 hours saved per month Read their story Alex W. Senior Variable Compensation Analyst “The additional time [from CaptivateIQ] frees up space for analysis … it means I can ensure that our commission plans are really designed to be aligned with our company goals.” 2 days to roll out new plans Read their story Complexity, meet simplicity. No more crashing Excel files or unmet promises from professional services. Tackle even the most complex sales and compensation plans with speed and confidence. Explore Enterprise Tour the Product Scale with SmartGrid Having firsthand experience with the pain of commissions, our founders built a modern modeling experience. With our SmartGrid™ ELT & calculation engine, you can model plans and calculate commissions at scale. Get up and running － fast Quickly model and test incentives, capacity, territories and quota in real-time without breaking the bank. Launch in as little as two weeks to three months. Stay in the driver’s seat CaptivateIQ’s no-code platform pairs flexibility with ease of use for all your incentive and planning needs. Create reports, test plan changes, and manage incentive compensation with just a few clicks — no technical expertise necessary. Comprehensive security and compliance Protecting your sensitive data is our top priority. Our compliance program meets industry-leading information security standards, undergoing annual independent audits for SOC 1 and SOC 2 compliance. We built it because we lived it. Now we’re sharing what we know. CaptivateIQ started when a few ops leaders hit their limit with broken corp spreadsheets and legacy tools. Now, we help hundreds of companies build better plans, pay accurate commissions, and grow with confidence. Explore insights from the front lines of compensation and planning. Learn More Join the 800 companies building resilient revenue with CaptivateIQ Book a Meeting Let’s customize your demo, takes 30 seconds. See how top teams automate commissions.  Take a quick tour of CaptivateIQ. Experience the #1 software for Sales and Incentive Planning through a quick self-guided tour. Tour the product Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest ICM insights and best practices By clicking “Sign Up”, you acknowledge CaptivateIQ’s Privacy Policy . Product Assist Automate Commissions Bonuses & MBOs Captivate with Insights Enterprise Workflow Automation Incentives Integrations Motivate Seller Performance Planning Platform Overview Pricing Product Tour: Incentives Product Tour: Planning SmartGrid™ Guided Plan Builder Why CaptivateIQ? Solutions Compensation Manager Enterprise Finance & Accounting Financial Services Mid-Market Manufacturing Media & Entertainmet Medical Device Operations Partners Retail & Wholesale Sales Leader Technology Legal, Privacy & Security Legal Overview Security & Privacy SOX Compliance Resources Benchmarking & Market Trends Blog Customers Events The Multiplier Company About CaptivateIQ Careers Contact Compare Sales Compensation Software Reviews vs. CallidusCloud vs. Everstage vs. Performio vs. QuotaPath vs. Spiff vs. Varicent vs. Xactly Explainers ASC 606 Commission Automation Software Commission Tracking Software Compensation Management Software Incentive Compensation Management Software Sales Commission Calculator Sales Commission Reporting Software Sales Commission Software Sales Management Software Sales Performance Management Software Sales Planning Software Territory Management Software © CaptivateIQ, Inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Featured users may have been compensated; opinions are their own. Customer experiences may vary. Privacy Policy CA Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices Sitemap Forrester does not endorse any company, product, brand, or service included in its research publications and does not advise any person to select the products or services of any company or brand based on the ratings included in such publications. Information is based on the best available resources. Opinions reflect judgment at the time and are subject to change. For more information, read more about Forrester’s objectivity here . ‍ Gartner® and Peer Insights™ are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.