CaptchaFox - GDPR compliant bot protection Skip to main content Pricing Demo Documentation Insights Free trial Login EN Pricing Demo Documentation Insights Login Free trial Privacy-First Bot Protection Protect your website from malicious bots, abusive spam and fraudsters in compliance with the GDPR. Get started for free View Demo Made in Europe GDPR compliant User-friendly Accessibility ensured Trusted by companies around the world The European CAPTCHA that just works CaptchaFox provides a unique combination of features for improved bot protection. Privacy focused Based in Germany, we adhere to data protection standards and do not use cookies or store personal data of end users. Adaptive bot detection Through a combination of multiple security strategies and a variety of signals, malicious bots are detected at an early stage. Better user experience User-friendly and zero friction challenges make it easier to verify customers without lowering conversion rates. Protection against multiple threats CaptchaFox protects your website from malicious bot threats. Account Takeover Prevent mass log in attempts used to verify the validity of stolen username/password pairs and fraudulently access user accounts. Fake Users Prevent bulk account creation and stop attackers from misusing sign-up processes to automate their fraudulent activities. Spam Prevent mass distribution of malicious or questionable information in public content, databases or private messages to disrupt your business. Scalping Prevent automated acquisition of tickets or products in a manner that a normal user would be unable to undertake manually. Carding Prevent multiple payment authorization attempts that verify the validity of stolen gift card and payment data to exploit their value. Ad Fraud Prevent automated users from maliciously generating fake ad clicks and views that harm your online campaigns. Ready to use in minutes Integrating CaptchaFox only takes a few minutes and a few lines of code. Our API is compatible with reCAPTCHA, so you can make the switch quickly. We also offer a number of pre-built integrations for React, Vue, Angular and more. Read the docs All information in one place Our intuitive dashboard provides you with extensive information about user interactions and allows you to activate new challenges in no time. Integrate CaptchaFox now Try it out Privacy and user-friendly protection against bots. CaptchaFox can be adapted to your use case and reduces user friction when verifying. From an interactive captcha experience to easy one-click verification, the choice is yours. Display mode Inline Popup Hidden Challenge type OneClick Slide Submit A Better Alternative to reCAPTCHA Discover why developers and users trust our approach. Features Multiple languages Multiple challenges Values your users' privacy Customizable design Multi User Account Management SAML 2.0 Single Sign-On Support (by real people) User Experience Average time needed to verify 1s > 10s Customized types of challenges Customized difficulty levels of challenges Fight bots and protect your users' data. Don't give fraudsters and spammers a chance and protect your website with CaptchaFox today. Get started for free Contact us Solution Overview Demo Threats Comparison Support Insights Pricing FAQ Documentation Resources Legal Privacy Terms Imprint © Copyright 2025 Scoria Labs GmbH