Car News, Reviews and Features Menu Sign in now Close News Features Marketplace Best Cars Submenu Best SUVs Best Crossovers Best Trucks Best Vans Best Sedans Best Coupes Best Hatchbacks Best Convertibles Best Hybrid Cars Best Electric Cars Best Sports Cars Best Luxury Cars Best Small Cars Best Wagons Car Brands Car Comparisons Reviews Car Advice Videos Threads Buzz Awards Sign in Newsletter Menu More Action Sign in now Industry News Car Reviews Car Comparisons Car Brands Close This Interactive Toyota Family Tree Is A Car Nerd's Dream Popular News This Japanese V8 Is More Reliable Than Any American Truck Engine The Award For America's Most Reliable Unibody Truck Goes To The Least Likely Candidate Is Rear-Wheel Drive Really Better Than All-Wheel Drive? 10 Track-Ready Used Sedans Cheaper Than A New Civic Type R More Find Your Perfect Car Describe your lifestyle and needs, and let our AI assistant take care of the rest Generate results Namyangju, 41 Please enter a valid ZIP code. Cargo Convertible Coupe Hatchback Minivan SUV Sedan Truck Van Wagon Access The CarBuzz Database Base: $29,250 Like Follow Followed 2025 Toyota RAV4 Base: $42,600 Like Follow Followed 2025 Hyundai IONIQ 5 Base: $38,810 Like Follow Followed 2025 Ford F-150 Videos See More 0:56 Video: Stellantis Extends EV Tax Credit Savings With Its Own $7,500 Incentive Auto Industry Missed the federal EV tax credit deadline? Stellantis is stepping in to match it with factory incentives worth up to $7,500 on Jeep, Chrysler, and Dod 0:55 Video: Dacia Hipster EV — Europe’s Cheapest Electric Car Might Be Coming Concept Romania’s Dacia unveils the Hipster — a tiny, ultra-light EV focused on simplicity and low cost. Could this be Europe’s next true people’s car? 0:59 Video: Title: 2026 Volvo EX30 Single Motor — Still Not the $35K EV We Were Promised Pricing Volvo’s smallest EV finally lands in the U.S. — but the price isn’t quite as small as we hoped. Here’s what’s new for the 2026 EX30 lineup, including News See More Ford F-150 Coyote V8 Teardown Video Makes Us Distrust Workshops Immensely Posts By Evan Williams Toyota's Legal Troubles Have Expanded From Engines To Transmissions Posts By Evan Williams The Sports Car You Least Expect Just Got A Crazy Cool Off-Road Upgrade Posts By Evan Williams In The Driver's Seat With CarBuzz Experts See More Driven: 2025 Ford Maverick Lobo Is Superb, But It's Not A Street Truck 2026 Nissan Pathfinder First Drive: Deserving Of Your Attention 2026 Nissan Armada Nismo First Drive: The Armada That Doesn't Care What You Think Threads Total Threads 536 Total Users 707 Total Posts 2K Submit a Thread Topics Car Reviews Threads 163 Users 206 Posts 341 Thread Car Advice Threads 100 Users 117 Posts 163 Thread Car Community Threads 201 Users 435 Posts 1.1K Thread Industry Chat Threads 27 Users 85 Posts 154 Thread Car Culture Threads 62 Users 182 Posts 335 Thread Electric Cars Threads 30 Users 20 Posts 22 Thread Popular Latest What vehicle segment have you given up caring about? I can't be the only one who's experienced this. I used to love seeing new supercars and hypercars, but the older I get, the less I seem to care about them. Maybe it's just that there have been too many of that revealed that they've lost their sparkle, or perhaps it's that they all try to one-up each other with wild styling and insane performance promises that seem disingenuous, but I'm very seldom excited by a new supercar. Am I the only one? Or is there a segment that once excited you that you now feel completely apathetic about? Roger_on_Cars Roger_on_Cars 2 days ago Posts What's the perfect amount of horsepower for a fun daily driver and weekend toy? They say too much is never enough, but no one really needs 1,000 hp. I believe there's too many cars with four-digit power figures now, anyway. But if 1,000 hp is too much, then what's the right amount? Is it 200 hp like a Honda Civic Si? Or maybe 500 hp is the butter zone, as proven by the Porsche 911 GT3? I'm leaning towards a range of 300-500, depending on factors like weight, but I want to know what you think. Roger_on_Cars Roger_on_Cars Dec 22, 2025 Posts 5 Genesis and Toyota are creating sports cars to become GT3 racers: which would you choose? In the span of just a couple of months, two automakers have revealed completely new roadgoing sports cars with the express purpose of using them to create GT3 race cars. Genesis came first with its Magma GT, and Toyota followed it with the GR GT. Toyota seems to be a little farther along in development, as it also revealed the actual race car. Both cars are interesting in that they show the sports car racing class is becoming more popular and attracting both drivers and spectators. Also interesting is how different they are in principle. The Genesis is going to be a mid-engine sports car, following the path of many European sports cars and even the Chevy Corvette. The Toyota is following the traditional GT route with a front engine, though one that's positioned as close to the middle of the car as possible based on that dash-to-axle ratio. We're curious, which one would you pick? Joel Joel Dec 9, 2025 Posts 1 Do You Care About Passenger-Side Infotainment Screens? Automakers seem to be reaching the limits of just how big they can make the main infotainment screens in their cars. So the obvious next frontier for them has been additional screens, particularly ones for the passenger. We've seen them crop up in all sorts of vehicles, from high-end Jeeps to Audis. We're not necessarily all on the same page whether they're actually useful, though. Anytime I've been sitting in the passenger seat, I've never felt much desire to mess with the screen in front of me. Why would I dig around on that for media and entertainment when I already have all that set up in my phone? I can also hold my phone in whatever position is comfortable to me, rather than the fixed position of a passenger-side screen. And if I need to adjust anything with the car's settings, well, it's not like it's hard to use the center screen. What do you all think? Joel Joel Nov 30, 2025 Posts 1 What vehicle segment have you given up caring about? I can't be the only one who's experienced this. I used to love seeing new supercars and hypercars, but the older I get, the less I seem to care about them. Maybe it's just that there have been too many of that revealed that they've lost their sparkle, or perhaps it's that they all try to one-up each other with wild styling and insane performance promises that seem disingenuous, but I'm very seldom excited by a new supercar. Am I the only one? Or is there a segment that once excited you that you now feel completely apathetic about? Roger_on_Cars Roger_on_Cars 2 days ago Posts What's the perfect amount of horsepower for a fun daily driver and weekend toy? They say too much is never enough, but no one really needs 1,000 hp. I believe there's too many cars with four-digit power figures now, anyway. But if 1,000 hp is too much, then what's the right amount? Is it 200 hp like a Honda Civic Si? Or maybe 500 hp is the butter zone, as proven by the Porsche 911 GT3? I'm leaning towards a range of 300-500, depending on factors like weight, but I want to know what you think. Roger_on_Cars Roger_on_Cars Dec 22, 2025 Posts 5 Genesis and Toyota are creating sports cars to become GT3 racers: which would you choose? In the span of just a couple of months, two automakers have revealed completely new roadgoing sports cars with the express purpose of using them to create GT3 race cars. Genesis came first with its Magma GT, and Toyota followed it with the GR GT. Toyota seems to be a little farther along in development, as it also revealed the actual race car. Both cars are interesting in that they show the sports car racing class is becoming more popular and attracting both drivers and spectators. Also interesting is how different they are in principle. The Genesis is going to be a mid-engine sports car, following the path of many European sports cars and even the Chevy Corvette. The Toyota is following the traditional GT route with a front engine, though one that's positioned as close to the middle of the car as possible based on that dash-to-axle ratio. We're curious, which one would you pick? Joel Joel Dec 9, 2025 Posts 1 Do You Care About Passenger-Side Infotainment Screens? Automakers seem to be reaching the limits of just how big they can make the main infotainment screens in their cars. So the obvious next frontier for them has been additional screens, particularly ones for the passenger. We've seen them crop up in all sorts of vehicles, from high-end Jeeps to Audis. We're not necessarily all on the same page whether they're actually useful, though. Anytime I've been sitting in the passenger seat, I've never felt much desire to mess with the screen in front of me. Why would I dig around on that for media and entertainment when I already have all that set up in my phone? I can also hold my phone in whatever position is comfortable to me, rather than the fixed position of a passenger-side screen. And if I need to adjust anything with the car's settings, well, it's not like it's hard to use the center screen. What do you all think? Joel Joel Nov 30, 2025 Posts 1 See More SIGN UP NOW What's All The Buzz About? Sign up to the CarBuzz Newsletter to find out! By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept Valnet’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe anytime. Latest Filter by All EVs Reveals CarBuzz Exclusives Patents + Trademarks This Japanese V8 Is More Reliable Than Any American Truck Engine Engine American truck engines were once bastions of dependability. However today, this Japanese manufacturer might make a more reliable V8 instead. Posts By Nigel Evans The Award For America's Most Reliable Unibody Truck Goes To The Least Likely Candidate J.D. Power's latest quality and reliability ratings place one truck at the forefront as the most reliable unibody in America. Posts By Gilbert Smith Is Rear-Wheel Drive Really Better Than All-Wheel Drive? Car Technology We break down the differences between two popular drivetrain systems and weigh up the benefits of each. Posts By Michal Okonski 10 Track-Ready Used Sedans Cheaper Than A New Civic Type R The Civic Type R thrills, but prices have soared – these used alternatives deliver performance without breaking the bank. Posts By Viknesh Vijayenthiran This Family-Friendly V12 Ferrari Was So Special It Got The Boss's Stamp Of Approval Auctions Even the head of Ferrari's needs to take his kids to school. Posts By Ty Duffy This Gas-Guzzling Auto Brand Built A Hydrogen-Powered SUV More Than 20 Years Ago Hummer A surprising twist for a gas-guzzling giant: the Hummer H2H concept ran on hydrogen fuel. Posts By Ryan De Villiers The 'Neue' BMW X5 Looks Better Than Ever Spy Shots New rear light design might send waves through the segment Posts By Evan Williams Gunther Werks' New 911 Turbo May Be Its Classiest Yet Restomod "Gemini Commission" is sleek and understated, but don't think for a second that means boring. Posts By Brett T. Evans The Highest Revving Naturally-Aspirated American V8 Engine American engines are typically all about big torque and low-end grunt, save for this unique engine. Posts By Matt Nelson Mansory Ends 2025 With An 1,100-HP Audi Monster Tuning You won't have to look at it for long. Posts By Joel Stocksdale Buick Regal Generations Ranked By Reliability Mainstream Cars The Regal was a fixture in the Buick lineup for almost 50 years - but which generation reigns supreme in reliability? Posts By Aaron  Bersee This Is How Volkswagen Still Sells Cheap Cars, Just Not in the US Auto Industry In South Africa, Volkswagen can make a perfectly valid business case for a cheap new car. This is why that can’t happen in the US. Posts By Nigel Evans Porsche Patented The Most German Way Ever To Clean Your Rear Window Patents and Trademarks Why use a simple wiper blade when you have active aero? Posts By Christopher Smith Chevrolet Might Be Lying About The Corvette ZR1's Horsepower News This hard-driven ZR1 nearly makes Chevy's crank claim at the wheels. Posts By Evan Williams The Coolest Concept Cars Revealed In 2025 Concept The automotive future is uncertain. But the visions of it we saw in 2025 have us excited. Posts By Ty Duffy This Famous Automaker Wanted To Move Upmarket, But Nobody Was Interested Mainstream Cars As a car manufacturer, if your reputation is mainstream and predictable, trying to go up market can be tough. This company found that out to its cost. Posts By Nigel Evans More Clues Of A New Corvette Grand Sport Surface News There's V8 excitement in the Corvette world, no turbochargers required. Posts By Ian Wright The Kia Tasman Is No Longer Korea's Ugliest Pickup Truck Pickup Trucks If you thought the Kia Tasman had a face only a mother could love, wait until you see its local rival. Posts By Viknesh Vijayenthiran The Only 2025 Polestar Recall List You Need Recall We list every 2025 recall for Polestar vehicles by model, right here. Posts By Belinda Anderson The Underrated SUV Everyone Slept On In 2025 Mainstream Cars It's a compact SUV for people who like to drive, and it doesn't come from Toyota, Mazda, or Honda. Posts By Joel Stocksdale See More Latest Automotive News Porsche Found A Way To Eliminate Ugly Convertible Wind Deflectors Mysterious Company Will Reveal 1,900-HP Hypercar At CES, But We Think We Know What It Is Alpine's US Launch Plans May Not Be Dead After All See More Trending Now Kia's Truck Is Failing So Bad It Could Take An SUV Down With It Only One Car In America Is Equipped With This Awesome Manual Gearbox Mercedes-AMG GLE Facelift Caught Dashing Through The Snow Join Our Team Our Audience About Us Press & Events Media Coverage Contact Us Follow Us Advertising Careers Terms Privacy Policies CarBuzz is part of the Valnet Publishing Group Copyright © 2025 Valnet Inc.