Customer Support
Login
English

Commonly searched topics:

backup
cloud backup
account sign in
Search
Up to 40% off

Cybercrime spikes during
the holidays.

Keep your files safe with automatic backup and 1-click
restoration.

See plans and pricing
 
Basic
Save 25%
$6.00/mo
$95.99$71.99/year
Buy now
Plus (Best value)
Save 40%
$6.58/mo
$131.99$78.99/year
Buy now
Prime
Save 25%
$10.12/mo
$161.99$121.49/year
Buy now
Devices
For 1 computer
For 1 computer + 1 external hard drive
For 1 computer + 1 external hard drive
Automatic, encrypted cloud backup storage
Unlimited
Unlimited
Unlimited
Backs up documents, like Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe, etc.
128-bit encryption to a secure cloud (in rest or transit)
Recover files after a virus or malware infection (2)
Windows 7+ or OS X 10.10+
Backs up photos and music
Access and recover data instantly
Includes Webroot® Computer Antivirus
Automatically backs up videos
Courier delivery of recovered files
Available for additional fee
Available for additional fee
Looking for backup for your small business?

Explore our professional solutions that support your compliance needs (HIPAA, FERPA, GLBA…), backup for your servers, managed backup policies, and more.

Explore plans
Why is Carbonite different?
Easy recovery

Carbonite provides a straightforward recovery process, enabling you to quickly restore your data in case of accidental deletion or hardware failure. Access your saved files from a web browser or its companion app for Android and iOS.

Unlimited storage

Carbonite offers unlimited cloud backup space, so you never have to worry about running out of room for your important files.

Built-in encryption

Carbonite uses 128-bit encryption to secure your files during transmission and storage, keeping your data safe.

Carbonite Customer Reviews

Powered by BazaarVoice

02/05/2025
Carbonite saved me from the Palisades Fire!

Product Reviewed: Carbonite Safe Basic

“I bought Carbonite decades ago just in case my computer failed. I had a hundred Gb of photos and videos, 30 Gb of music as well as important documents and Quicken data files. Never needed it. I had 171Gb of data online. Then recently, the Pacific Palisades Fire took my home, my possessions AND my computer. I was devastated! I purchased a new laptop and contacted Carbonite, live, to make sure that I was restoring my backup properly. IT WORKED! My files, photos, and music were back! We lost a lot of photo albums but I had so much in my backup that it eased the pain of what we lost. My business accounting records were restored. I am very grateful for Carbonite and their excellent customer service team that helped me reinstall everything I had backed up. Thank you, Carbonite!.”

- a2thdrlr, Pacific Palisades

Yes, I recommend this product.
02/06/2025
“No better back-up for the cost.

Product Reviewed: Carbonite Safe Plus

“Excellent and extremely reliable backup. I have used Carbonite for over 8 years for my iMac backup and never had a problem. Very easy download if needed for deleted files by mistake.”

- Roger Carpenter

Yes, I recommend this product.
02/07/2025
Excellent personal customer service.

Product Reviewed: Carbonite Safe Prime

“I know that in case of fire, flood, or other natural disaster, my treasured pictures are safe and will be accessible when I want them. I always recommend Carbonite to others. A+ rating”

- Chillig71, Republic of Korea

Yes, I recommend this product.
02/06/2025
Great purchase!

Product Reviewed: Carbonite Safe Plus

“Carbonite has saved me twice after my computer crashed.”

- Linda

Yes, I recommend this product.
02/05/2025
Saved in a Crisis.

Product Reviewed: Carbonite Safe Basic

“Carbonite's backup saved me when I was hit by Ransomware […] Carbonite was able to restore all my files backed up just before the Ransomware hit.”

- MAW56

Yes, I recommend this product.
Find the right product for you

Answer a few questions, and in less than a minute we’ll recommend the best product for your needs.

Get started now

*Limited-time promotional offer of 40% off of a 1-year Carbonite Safe subscription. This promotion is available only to new Carbonite customers who directly purchase a Carbonite Safe plan. The promotional offer cannot be sold, transferred or combined with any other offer or promotion, and is void if altered or reproduced. Not valid towards renewal of an existing subscription or prior purchase. No cash value. The promotional offer will be applied at time of purchase.
† WebrootTM Antivirus and Automatic video backup features are offered in Plus and Prime plans.

About
Careers
Contact
FAQs
News
Help me choose
Site map

As a part of the OpenText Cybersecurity family since 2019, Carbonite helps provide award-winning cyber-resilient solutions. Discover other OpenText products:

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyAgentCookies Preferences

Copyright © 2025 Open Text Corporation. All rights reserved.

We use cookies and similar technologies (including third party cookies from our partners) to enable essential site functionality, enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, personalization, and assist in our advertising and marketing efforts and provide social media features, for which we may share cookie data with our third-party partners. You can update or manage your settings at any time. To learn more, see ourCookie Policy
Cookies Preferences
Reject All Accept All