Skip to main content
Teaching excellence
Alumni
Donate
News
Events
Search the website
Cookie notice

We use cookies to enable helpful features and collect information about how well our website and advertising are working.

Accept all cookies Manage your cookie preferences
Study
Research
Work with us
Community
Global
About
Cymraeg
Website homepage
Future Generation Thinking

We are pioneering research that acts today for the benefit of tomorrow.

 Find out more
Find your course
Browse by subject area
Browse by A-Z
Browse by School
Level
Undergraduate
Postgraduate taught
Postgraduate research
Part-time courses for adults
Professional development
I would like to study...
Together, we are an unstoppable force for good

University’s a big step. At Cardiff University, we take our biggest steps together.

We are committed to bringing the brightest minds together to find real-life solutions to the world's most challenging problems.

Join an open-minded community of thinkers and doers, and learn from leading experts whose research is shaping the future.

Your next steps at Cardiff
95%

of graduates in work, further study or travelling within 6 months 1

1st

Top University in Wales, with the 2nd best Students’ Union in the UK 2

£600m

invested in our campus and facilities – our biggest upgrade for a generation 3

90%

of our research is classed as world-leading or internationally excellent 4

Sources:
 
Higher Education Statistics Agency (HESA) Graduate Outcomes 2022/23 survey results 1
 
The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2026 2
 
Cardiff University campus developments 3
 
Research Excellence Framework (REF) 2021 4
Together, our research can change the world

As a Russell Group university in the capital of Wales, we work with communities, industry and government to help overcome the most urgent challenges of our times.

It makes the work that we do more rigorous, exciting and insightful, and generates real-world impact with a lasting legacy.

Explore our research
COMMUNITY
A new strategy, for a new future

‘Our future, together’ builds on our history, values, strengths, resources and networks, and draws on our academic and professional expertise.

STUDY
Together, we can

When we work together, we can make great things happen. Read our students’ stories.

Individually unique, collectively brilliant

For over a century, we’ve championed progressive spirit, pushed for change and demanded more.

Today this spirit is needed more than ever, and it remains the beating heart of our university.

No matter your background, you’ll be welcomed into a diverse, compassionate and united community, persevering towards a greater future for all.

Your next steps at Cardiff
Learning together
We believe the best education happens in partnership. We work with our students to put them at the forefront of discovery and to shape their study, so it centres around what drives them.

Image
1 / 
of
3

Previous
Next

Cardiff had me at hello. It’s an incredible, welcoming city an hour away from great beaches and Bannau Brycheiniog. What’s not to love?

—
Anastasia
Master of Engineering student
News
“Me and my brothers grew up in care – we should have had more support”
Einstein’s theory comes wrapped up with a bow: astronomers spot star “wobbling” around black hole
Cancer biologist awarded Health and Care Research Wales Advanced Fellowship
What’s next for the BBC? Ahead of its charter renewal in 2027, the UK Government should look to other countries to learn what works, argue fellows of the British Academy
Where to next?
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
International
Research
Part-time courses for adults

At Cardiff University, we work together towards a better future for all. We believe that greatness comes from collaboration, co-creation and diversity of opinion.

The University
Academic Schools
Visitor information
Contact us
Emergency contacts
Public information
Our facilities
Libraries
Conferences
Research equipment
Sport
Connect with us
New students
Alumni
Blogs
Quick links
Job opportunities
Intranet
Media centre
People
Research Portal

Copyright Cardiff University. Registered charity no. 1136855

Accessibility statement
Modern Slavery statement
Privacy
Terms of use
Cookies