CarExpert | Car Reviews, Latest Car News & Expert Advice Australia's leading NEW car marketplace Australia's leading NEW car marketplace News Reviews Research Buy News Car News CarExpert Podcast News Topics Opinion Technology Sales Data Features Recalls Is It Legal? New Car Calendar Reviews Car Reviews Owner Car Reviews Car Comparisons Research Showroom Car Chooser Compare Car Specifications Popular Makes BMW Ford Hyundai Isuzu Kia Mazda Mercedes-Benz MG Mitsubishi Toyota Buy Very Good Kia Sportage SX 2.0D AWD review Mainstream diesel SUVs may be few and far between these days, but the Kia Sportage makes a good case for their validity. Honda HR-V e:HEV: A small SUV with big city smarts SPONSORED: Honda's 'High-riding Revolutionary Vehicle' is one of the OG small SUVs, and the latest hybrid version packs plenty of smarts. Skoda Fabia 130 review: Quick drive We’re looking at the return of the Fabia RS here – well, sort of, given that it is in fact the 130. But is this newcomer hot enough? Very Good Hyundai Tucson Hybrid review The Tucson range has been ratified, and prices have been reduced. But you can still up-spec your experience with one like this. Good Toyota HiAce review Toyota has treated its HiAce van to a few small upgrades, but rivals like Ford and Volkswagen are piling on the pressure. Very Good MG U9 review MG’s first ute makes a huge impression – and it does some things better than plenty of the big-name dual-cabs. Average GWM Haval Jolion review The GWM Haval Jolion has adopted a stealthier blacked-out look for 2026, but serious safety shortfalls compromise the package. Good BYD Sealion 7 review BYD's rival to the Model Y is tracking well on the sales charts thanks to its sharp looks and value – but is the competition getting too hot? Let’s find you the Search for make, model, body type Not Sure? Try Car Chooser Or, browse by vehicle type Medium SUV Small SUV Electric Large SUV Hybrid Sedan Ute Hatch Sport Wagon Convertible Van Breaking News Subaru WRX STI teased ahead of January 9 reveal 46 Minutes Ago The biggest shocks and surprises for the CarExpert team in 2025 12 Hours Ago Honda Prelude Type R ruled out... for now 22 Hours Ago China introduces “no fire, no explosion” EV battery standards 1 Day Ago Chinese vacuum cleaner maker teases 1000hp electric supercar 1 Day Ago The CarExpert team's biggest disappointments of 2025 1 Day Ago Boxy new KGM Musso unveiled to take on HiLux and Ranger ahead of Australian launch 2 Days Ago Chevrolet Corvette Grand Sport could get 6.7-litre LS6 V8 - report 2 Days Ago Automakers missing NVES emissions targets to be named and shamed in 2026 2 Days Ago Ford Ranger-sized EV ute must prove itself in US before global rollout 2 Days Ago China bans Tesla-style door handles 2 Days Ago GWM Cannon Alpha ute, Tank 300 HEV and Tank 500 recalled 2 Days Ago View all News Latest Reviews Filter Select a car type Medium SUV Small SUV Electric Large SUV Hybrid Sedan Ute Hatch Sport Wagon Convertible Van Max Davies Very Good 2026 Kia Sportage SX 2.0D AWD review Mainstream diesel SUVs may be few and far between these days, but the Kia Sportage makes a good case for their validity. 12 Hours Ago Matt Robinson 2026 Skoda Fabia 130 review: Quick drive We’re looking at the return of the Fabia RS here – well, sort of, given that it is in fact the 130. But is this newcomer hot enough? 1 Day Ago Matt Campbell Very Good 2026 Hyundai Tucson Hybrid review The Tucson range has been ratified, and prices have been reduced. But you can still up-spec your experience with one like this. 2 Days Ago Max Davies Good 2026 Toyota HiAce review Toyota has treated its HiAce van to a few small upgrades, but rivals like Ford and Volkswagen are piling on the pressure. 3 Days Ago Matt Campbell Very Good 2026 MG U9 review MG’s first ute makes a huge impression – and it does some things better than plenty of the big-name dual-cabs. 4 Days Ago Max Davies Average 2026 GWM Haval Jolion review The GWM Haval Jolion has adopted a stealthier blacked-out look for 2026, but serious safety shortfalls compromise the package. 7 Days Ago James Wong Good 2026 BYD Sealion 7 review BYD's rival to the Model Y is tracking well on the sales charts thanks to its sharp looks and value – but is the competition getting too hot? 8 Days Ago Max Davies Very Good 2026 Kia Sportage SX 2.0D AWD review Mainstream diesel SUVs may be few and far between these days, but the Kia Sportage makes a good case for their validity. 12 Hours Ago Matt Robinson 2026 Skoda Fabia 130 review: Quick drive We’re looking at the return of the Fabia RS here – well, sort of, given that it is in fact the 130. But is this newcomer hot enough? 1 Day Ago Matt Campbell Very Good 2026 Hyundai Tucson Hybrid review The Tucson range has been ratified, and prices have been reduced. But you can still up-spec your experience with one like this. 2 Days Ago Max Davies Good 2026 Toyota HiAce review Toyota has treated its HiAce van to a few small upgrades, but rivals like Ford and Volkswagen are piling on the pressure. 3 Days Ago Matt Campbell Very Good 2026 MG U9 review MG’s first ute makes a huge impression – and it does some things better than plenty of the big-name dual-cabs. 4 Days Ago Max Davies Average 2026 GWM Haval Jolion review The GWM Haval Jolion has adopted a stealthier blacked-out look for 2026, but serious safety shortfalls compromise the package. 7 Days Ago James Wong Good 2026 BYD Sealion 7 review BYD's rival to the Model Y is tracking well on the sales charts thanks to its sharp looks and value – but is the competition getting too hot? 8 Days Ago View all  Reviews Let us help you find your perfect new car CarExpert's Car Chooser helps you discover the perfect car for your needs! Explore Car Chooser Car Comparisons Andrew Maclean Jaecoo J8 Ridge AWD vs Kia Sorento Sport: Spec battle How does Jaecoo's luxury-focused, five-seat J8 large SUV compared against the benchmark Kia Sorento for around the same money? 1 Month Ago Andrew Maclean Mahindra XUV 3XO vs Suzuki Swift: Spec battle New car buyers on a tight budget have never had it so good, but which is better value – the Mahindra XUV 3XO or Suzuki Swift? 2 Months Ago Andrew Maclean MG QS Essence vs Toyota Kluger GX: Spec battle The Toyota Kluger has been a family favourite for more than 20 years, but MG is mounting a serious seven-seat challenge with its all-new QS. 2 Months Ago CarExpert.com.au MG S5 EV vs Hyundai Kona Hybrid: Spec battle We put MG's first dedicated electric SUV up against Hyundai's hybrid Kona to see how much electrification you need. 3 Months Ago Paul Maric 1200hp RAM TRX vs Lamborghini Huracan Sterrato drag race While they look off-road ready, these two cars are fully prepped for a drag race! Time to see which is fastest. 3 Months Ago Andrew Maclean Mahindra XUV 3XO vs Hyundai Venue: Spec battle We compare two of the most affordable city-savvy SUVs – the Mahindra XUV 3XO and Hyundai Venue – to see which offers more for less. 3 Months Ago Best Selling Cars Toyota RAV4 Very Good Ford Ranger Very Good Toyota HiLux Average Toyota LandCruiser Prado Good Mitsubishi Outlander Very Good Ford Everest Very Good Mazda CX-5 Good Hyundai Kona Good Kia Sportage Very Good Isuzu D-Max Good MG ZS Very Good Hyundai Tucson Very Good Popular Makes BMW Ford Hyundai Isuzu Kia Mazda Mercedes-Benz MG Mitsubishi Nissan Toyota Volkswagen BMW Ford Hyundai Isuzu Kia Mazda Mercedes-Benz MG Mitsubishi Nissan Toyota Volkswagen All Makes View all Makes Explore the best cars of 2025 Best Off-Road and Specialised Vehicles Best Work and Utility Vehicles Best Electric Vehicles Best Affordable Cars Best Luxury Cars About Us Advertise with CarExpert For Dealers Contact Us 7NEWS Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS Feed © 2025 Car Expert Pty Ltd / ABN 71 636 729 836 / Authorised Credit Representative No. 571288 of ACL No. 448050 / Dealer Licence No. 4888782