Hire the Right People Right Now—and Keep Them Around - CareerPlug Products Close Products Open Products Overview Hire Retain Industries Close Industries Open Industries Overview Automotive Cleaning Services Construction & Restoration Education & Childcare Health & Fitness Home Health Care Home Services Lodging Personal Care Restaurants & QSRs Retail Insurance & Financial Services Partner With Us Close Partner With Us Open Partner With Us Franchisors & Networks Franchise Networks Resources Close Resources Open Resources Resources Research Blog Case Studies Customers Help Center Get Started Login Get Started Login Hire the Right People Right Now —and Keep Them Around Recruiting software that helps you attract and retain the best team to grow your business. Start Growing See How It Works Helping 60,000+ Small Business Owners Grow Trusted Teams The Wrong Team Can Hurt Your Business When it comes to the people building your business, it’s make or break. Problem Hiring can be stressful and lead to uncertainty The wrong team can leave you stuck and unable to grow Turnover and bad hires lead to lost revenue and higher costs Solution* Gain confidence and predictability Hiring and retaining the right people grows revenue and profits Thrive by growing your winning team See How It Works Why CareerPlug? Grow Your Team, Grow Your Business Finding and keeping the right people is the #1 barrier to long-term, sustainable growth. CareerPlug helps you hire and retain your dream team. Get Started Now Easy Growth—No Expertise Needed With software easy enough for anyone to use—not just HR professionals—you can hire and retain employees effortlessly. Expert  Playbooks at the Ready The product comes with built-in templates and workflows so you can get started right away. Everything has been tested and vetted so you’ll always know what to do next. Partners in Your Success You’re not just a client to us. We’re your partner. You’ll have an entire team supporting you every step of the way. Meet People Who’ve Been There, Done That Quent, Owner at Budget Blinds “CareerPlug has been an excellent tool in helping us find quality employees and grow our business. The ability to manage multiple jobs and all applicants on one site makes the process so much more efficient.” “CareerPlug gives me substantially similar onboarding and personnel management capabilities as larger companies have with greatly simplified tools which I can customize for my business. I appreciate that all my personnel documents are digitized and stored securely. As a small business owner CareerPlug helps with employee recruitment, onboarding and retention in a simple, scalable and seamless manner.” Keith Hansen United Defense Tactical “We have increased our number of applicants considerably with the use of CareerPlug. It is a simple to use platform and we’ve been able to drop other job boards because CareerPlug is performing so well.” Jerry Hickey Express Employment Professionals “Careerplug’s autopilot features cut my scheduling time into half. No more back and forth trying to figure out what time works best.” Annet Asio-Pasquali Vibrant Health Homecare “The CareerPlug representative took the time to provide SO MANY helpful tips on setting up a great job description, providing lot of details and suggestions I never would have thought of. I have confidence that my hiring needs are in good hands with CareerPlug!” Angie Valleroy Mathnasium “I have been using CareerPlug for over 10 years and have hired dozens of employees with their services and technology. They have a great platform and are always working to improve. Their customer service is also very good and always ready to help.” Colm O'Mara Fitness Machine Technicians “Career Plug provides an easy, organized way to both track applicants, and onboard new hires in one place. Since we have multiple locations it also helps communication internally and creates an efficient system that opens time up elsewhere.” Lori DiMatteo KidStrong Read All Customer Testimonials Make People Your Competitive Advantage Achieve lasting results by investing in your most valuable asset: your team. Schedule up to 8x more interviews Reduce turnover by up to 40% Save 10+ hours/week on hiring tasks Cut your time-to-hire in half Tools for Growth: A Free Playbook + A Book Worth Buying Achieve lasting results by investing in your most valuable asset: your team. Download Now The essential guide to recruit and retain the right people. Learn More 3 Steps to Work with Us 3 Steps to Success 1 Activate your account and start your free trial 2 Schedule a consultation with a Hiring Expert 3 Follow the Proven Playbook Ready to Hire & Retain the Right Candidates? Find out how we can help your business grow. Book a Call (512) 579-0163 LOGIN START HIRING START HIRING HOW IT WORKS Overview Attract Communicate Evaluate Hire Automate HOW IT WORKS Overview Attract Communicate Evaluate Hire Automate CAPABILITIES Onboarding & Team Management Text Recruiting Job Posting Applicant Screening Interview Scheduling CAPABILITIES Onboarding & Team Management Text Recruiting Job Posting Applicant Screening Interview Scheduling COMPANY About Us Careers COMPANY About Us Careers STAY INFORMED Resources STAY INFORMED Resources INDUSTRIES Associations Automotive Cleaning Services Education and Child Care Franchising Health and Fitness Home Health Home Services Insurance Personal Care Restaurant Retail ALL INDUSTRIES INDUSTRIES Associations Automotive Cleaning Services Education and Child Care Franchising Health and Fitness Home Health Home Services Insurance Personal Care Restaurant Retail ALL INDUSTRIES Handcrafted in Austin, Texas HELP CENTER Terms of Service User Terms of Service Privacy Policy ⓒ CareerPlug 2025 Handcrafted in Austin, Texas Products Overview Hire Retain Industries Overview Automotive Cleaning Services Construction & Restoration Education & Childcare Health & Fitness Home Health Care Home Services Lodging Personal Care Restaurants Retail Insurance & Financial Services Partner With Us Franchisors & Networks Franchise Networks Resources Resources Research Blog Downloads Case Studies Customers © 2025 Careerplug. All rights reserved. Handcrafted in Austin, Texas Products Overview Hire Retain Industries Overview Automotive Cleaning Services Construction & Restoration Education & Childcare Health & Fitness Home Health Care Home Services Lodging Personal Care Restaurants & QSRs Retail Insurance & Financial Services Partner With Us Franchisors & Networks Franchise Networks Resources Resources Research Blog Case Studies Customers Help Center Company About Us Careers Products Overview Hire Retain Industries Overview Cleaning Services Education & Childcare Home Health Care Lodging Restaurants Insurance & Financial Services Automotive Construction & Restoration Health & Fitness Home Services Personal Care Retail Partner With Us Franchisors & Networks Franchise Networks Resources Resources Research Blog Downloads Case Studies Customers Company About Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Service © 2025 Careerplug. All rights reserved.