CARE - Fighting Global Poverty and World Hunger Skip to Content Local website available We noticed that you are accessing the United States website from outside of the United States. Which website would you like to visit? CARE.org (US) Or would you rather visit Array KR ENDS TODAY! 6X MATCH! Your last-chance tax deductible gift today will be matched 6X! You can help 6X more – providing families in crisis with food and lifesaving aid. Your gift = A family’s survival. GIVE NOW Our Work Crisis Food and Water Health Economic Growth Education and Skills Women and Girls Where We Work Our Impact Advocacy Case Studies How to Help Speak Out Organize Locally Attend an Event Join Give from a Donor-Advised Fund Ways to Give Careers News and Stories Latest Stories Crisis Food and Water Health Education and Skills Women and Girls Thought Leadership Media and Press Press Releases Media Coverage Press Resources About Us Who We Are Leadership Ambassadors and Changemakers Strategic Partners Our History FAQs Contact Us The Original CARE PACKAGE® box Donate Our Work Crisis Food and Water Health Economic Growth Education and Skills Women and Girls Where We Work Our Impact Advocacy Case Studies How to Help Speak Out Organize Locally Attend an Event Join Give from a Donor-Advised Fund Ways to Give Careers News and Stories Latest Stories Crisis Food and Water Health Education and Skills Women and Girls Thought Leadership Media and Press Press Releases Media Coverage Press Resources About Us Who We Are Leadership Ambassadors and Changemakers Strategic Partners Our History FAQs Contact Us The Original CARE PACKAGE® box Home Hero Video LAST DAY Gifts Matched 6X Urgent! Give now to allow your tax-deductible gift to be matched 6X to help families who are suffering from crisis. Match Ends Soon! Give now Every day, together with you, CARE saves lives and helps millions of people find the way to a better life worldwide. We're efficient. Your donation does more when you give it to CARE. 90% of the money CARE spends goes toward our lifesaving work that saves and transforms lives. We're far-reaching. We are one of the largest networks of humanitarians in the world, working in 121 countries. We're locally led. 97% of our staff are from the countries or regions where we work. This means we can respond as soon as emergencies happen, and we stay long after the TV cameras leave. We're trusted. With nearly 80 years of service, CARE has a history of building community trust. We listen to what people want and develop solutions they need. We end poverty by focusing on hunger , health , education , and equality , daily and in times of crisis . Learn about our work Sign up for our mailing list. First name* last name* EMAIL* Submit Text CARE to 227387 to stay connected. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Stories that matter Read about our programs, people, and communities. See all stories Women and Girls December 30, 2025 In photos: Women transforming lives through savings groups December 30, 2025 Crisis Response December 14, 2025 Starbucks and The Starbucks Foundation support disaster relief efforts in Hong Kong, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Thailand December 14, 2025 Crisis Response December 10, 2025 Millions still struggling across South and Southeast Asia after massive flooding, landslides December 10, 2025 Thought Leadership December 10, 2025 WABE: CARE’s President and CEO Michelle Nunn reflects on the impact of funding cuts December 10, 2025 LAST DAY Gifts Matched 6X Urgent! Give now to allow your tax-deductible gift to be matched 6X to help families who are suffering from crisis. Match Ends Soon! Give now! Back to Top CARE is a global leader within a worldwide movement dedicated to ending poverty. We are known everywhere for our unshakeable commitment to the dignity of people. 90% of all our expenses go to program services. Learn more Our Work How to Help Ways to Give News & Stories About Us Donate Careers Corporate Partnerships Annual Reports Accountability & Transparency Financial Responsibility Contact Us Text CARE to 227387 to stay connected. 90% of all our expenses go to program services. Learn more If you need assistance with your donation, please call us at 1-800-422-7385 or contact us through our supporter services online form . If you need to cancel your Partners for Change recurring donation, please see instructions here . CARE is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization. Our EIN number is 13-1685039. © 2025 CARE. All rights reserved. Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Text CARE to 227387 to stay connected. As governments cut critical humanitarian funding, the need does not stop. We need you more than ever. Act now and your gift will be matched 6X! GIVE NOW