Skip to main content
Notice to California Residents
How to store your medications
How to dispose of your medications
español
Get started
Manage prescriptions
Explore plan and benefits
Register
Sign in
Want more from your prescription plan? You're in the right place.
Register for your CVS Caremark account
Stay up to date on your health
Check your order status
Stay on track with automatic refills
Check your drug cost
Jump to a specific topic
Getting started
Coverage and plan details
Prescription costs and savings
Getting your medication
Secure refills
Getting started
New here? Let's get started.

We're here to support and guide you to get the most value from your plan.


Learn how CVS Caremark can help you

Your coverage and plan details
Discover what your plan can do for you

Get all the information you need on medications, savings and personalized plan details.

Learn more about your plan
Your prescription costs and savings
Find smart savings opportunities

Keeping your medication affordable is important. One way we can help is by showing you ways to save on your prescription. Sign in or register to see your personalized savings options.

Learn more about prescription savings
Getting your medication
Your prescriptions — your way

Your plan has you covered, whether you're receiving your prescriptions by mail delivery or picking them up at a pharmacy around the corner.

Review options for getting your prescriptions
A faster way to refill your mail service prescriptions

 

You can conveniently refill without signing in. Simply enter your date of birth and mobile number for a secure refill.

 

Refill now

Healthier happens together®
 
Supporting you and your loved ones

We've got you covered. Your prescription plan delivers you and your loved ones medication how you want it.

Get started with CVS Caremark

View transcript
Health resources at your fingertips

 

Stay informed about your health with the latest information on generic drugs, advice from licensed pharmacists and up-to-date drug safety alerts.

Email a pharmacist Drug safety alerts
Your questions, answered

Whether you’ve been with us for years or your prescription plan started today, questions can come up at any time. Find answers on the following topics in our help center.

 

Prescription Management

Order status and history

Ordering prescriptions

Medication use and safety

Account Management

Cost and coverage

Payments and billing

Web and account support

We're here for you, every step of the way. Find answers to frequently asked questions in our help center.


 

Visit our help center

 

This page contains trademarks or registered trademarks of CVS Pharmacy, Inc and/or one of its affiliates.

Need help?
Contact CVS Caremark
About Us
Questions about disposal of medications?
Questions about storage of medications (PDF)?
Corporate information
CVSHealth.com
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Careers
For plan providers
Client Care Access
Pharmacists & Medical Professionals
Electronic Prior Authorization
Prior Authorization


Terms and conditionsPrivacy PolicyAccessibilityMember rights and responsibilitiesVulnerability disclosure program

Copyright © 2025 CVS Caremark. All rights reserved


By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies
Feedback