Care2 is the world's largest social network for good, a community of over 40 million people standing together, starting petitions and sharing stories that inspire action. Care2 log off my petitionsite JOIN US SIGN IN Start A Petition Petitions Start petition Browse petitions Activist University JOIN US SIGN IN START A PETITION care2 Home start a petition browse petitions Animal Welfare Human Rights LGBT Womens Rights About Us x Care2 gives you the tools to make the impossible possible . Sign Trending Petitions You care about lion poaching gun violence inequality elephants LGBTQ rights rape culture pitbull bans homelessness trophy hunting education discrimination food waste polluted water sexual assault animal abuse tampon tax orcas in captivity net neutrality animal testing trophy hunting cat declawing sexist dress codes greyhound racing animal testing puppy mills shark finning fur in fashion captive animals police brutality lost dogs prison complex circuses . We Care2. violence against non-binary, trans, and intersex people in europe… SUPPORTERS Sign Now brazil has the chance to stop torturing animals for makeup. demand action! SUPPORTERS Sign Now this cop left a police dog in a sweltering car to die. demand… SUPPORTERS Sign Now tex the bear was gentle. indigenous nations tried to save him. the… SUPPORTERS Sign Now mexico banned holding marine mammals in captivity for… SUPPORTERS Sign Now amazon is allegedly using ai to illegally discriminate against… SUPPORTERS Sign Now starving dog managed to escape, only to collapse on the side of… SUPPORTERS Sign Now american taxpayer money is being used to destroy life-saving contraceptives SUPPORTERS Sign Now the running of the bulls is a bloody tradition that must be retired! SUPPORTERS Sign Now why is child marriage still legal in the united states? ban this… SUPPORTERS Sign Now republicans and democrats agree, we must stop trump from burying… SUPPORTERS Sign Now the fda is being gutted, and americans' health will suffer the consequences SUPPORTERS Sign Now they saw him throw kittens into the river thames SUPPORTERS Sign Now colombia just protected 100% of its amazon. other countries must… SUPPORTERS Sign Now justice for miracle, a beloved great dane starved to death SUPPORTERS Sign Now doggy daycare owner allegedly punched puppy in the face, leaving… SUPPORTERS Sign Now three cats died after being trapped in an apartment for months… SUPPORTERS Sign Now he looked like a "walking skeleton." two dogs were found starving… SUPPORTERS Sign Now hank the rottweiler was locked in a freezing apartment without… SUPPORTERS Sign Now this man threw a live cat down a garbage shoot. it died from the fall. SUPPORTERS Sign Now this man bragged about violently killing his 4-month-old puppy,… SUPPORTERS Sign Now trump admin could create cash bounties to convince civilians to… SUPPORTERS Sign Now stop the tariffs and invest in people. america's workforce can't… SUPPORTERS Sign Now coffee plantations are causing massive deforestation in brazil,… SUPPORTERS Sign Now measles is spreading fast in south carolina. we cannot afford to wait. SUPPORTERS Sign Now they found a litter of dead puppies in his home. one was skinned. SUPPORTERS Sign Now a mountain lion was part of a conservation study. poachers… SUPPORTERS Sign Now this man was caught on camera brutally kicking and punching a poor dog SUPPORTERS Sign Now he shot his own cat five times in cold blood SUPPORTERS Sign Now endangered sea turtle surprises scientists by expanding their… SUPPORTERS Sign Now rather than adopting one of the millions of dogs in shelters, tom… SUPPORTERS Sign Now help us regenerate hope—join us in protecting tropical forests SUPPORTERS Sign Now new york fashion week finally stood up for animals and banned… SUPPORTERS Sign Now u.s. to require tourists to share 5+ years of social media data,… SUPPORTERS Sign Now this woman forced a dog into a plastic bag and threw it over a fence SUPPORTERS Sign Now a cat was found buried with a bloody mouth and broken leg at busan… SUPPORTERS Sign Now a man sealed eight cats in a plastic container and threw them away… SUPPORTERS Sign Now as sea levels rise, thousands of sites filled with toxic waste… SUPPORTERS Sign Now trump blamed the reiners for their own deaths, pushing violent… SUPPORTERS Sign Now greedy new mining operations risk extinction for oldest, rarest… SUPPORTERS Sign Now Trending Petition Topics Animal Rights Women’s Rights Resist Trump LGBTQ Wildlife Human Rights Dog Meat Environment Children Racial Injustice California Canada UK More 65,234,954 Care2 Members 1,359,398,677 Petition Signatures 469,240 Petitions Created 2,750 Nonprofit Partners New Petition Wins Every Day! Success! UVA’s Champion Basketball Team Declines Visit to White House Success! Southampton City Council Agrees to Stop Criminalizing Homelessness Success! Germany’s Last Fur Farm Has Closed Success! Care2 Petitions Convince Amtrak to Install Lactation Pods at 5 Train Stations Success! Starbucks Will Stop Using Plastic Straws by 2020 Care2 Members Push Netflix to Address ‘The Crown’ Gender Pay Gap Controversy Success! Kylo the Hero Dog Gets to Come Home Success! New York Bans Cat Declawing Success! Canada Bans Whale and Dolphin Captivity Success! This 79-Year-Old Grandmother Won’t Be Kicked Out of the UK Start Your Own Petition Care2 Petitions in the News Meet Xiuhtezcatl Martinez Climate Activist, Hip-Hop Artist & Leader of Earth Guardians "Through Care2, I’ve been able to build a movement of people who are energized and committed to defending our planet." Meet Whitney Clapper Global Brand + Enviro Marketing Manager, Patagonia "Care2 helped us drive over 94,000 signatures on our petition to defend the Arctic. The staff mobilized supporters, creating impact that resonates." Meet Ani DiFranco Activist & Artist "Care2 provides tools for people to become change-makers, to go from caring about something in this world to doing something about it. Care2 helps me spread the message to my fans that we actually do have the power to shape society. There are paths and we can lead each other down them." Meet Dane Grams Membership Director, Human Rights Campaign "Care2 was able to provide us with the perfect platform to be able to communicate our message and to engage new voices in our support." "The best way to predict the future is to create it!" - Dennis Gabor Start A Petition Home Start a Petition Sign Petitions Trending Petition Topics Animal Rights Children's Rights Civil Rights Corporate Accountability Education Environment Health Human Rights International Development LGBTQ Rights Media, Arts, Culture Politics Reproductive Rights Wildlife Women's Rights Our Promise: Welcome to Care2, the world's largest community for good. Here, you'll find over 45 million like-minded people working towards progress, kindness, and lasting impact. Care2 Stands Against: bigots, racists, bullies, science deniers, misogynists, gun lobbyists, xenophobes, the willfully ignorant, animal abusers, frackers, and other mean people. If you find yourself aligning with any of those folks, you can move along, nothing to see here. Care2 Stands With: humanitarians, animal lovers, feminists, rabble-rousers, nature-buffs, creatives, the naturally curious, and people who really love to do the right thing. You are our people. You Care. We Care2. Follow Home About Us Partnerships Media Inquiry Privacy Policy Terms of Service Do Not Sell My Info Contact Us Help Copyright © 2025 Care2.com, inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved log in / Join log out CARE2 PETITIONS Start A Petition Sign Petition CARE2 Home New to Care2? Start Here. About Us