CareerExplorer CareerExplorer CareerExplorer Home Career Test For Organizations Careers Degrees Community More Jobs Blog Log In Take the free test Unlock the future you Say hello to CareerExplorer, the world's leading career advancement platform. Get Started Learn More About CareerExplorer Described as “shockingly accurate,” we’ve helped millions of people find their ideal careers. 01 Assessment Reflect upon your past experiences and future goals, and learn what makes you unique. 02 Matches Find the path that's right for you based on your strengths, interests, and personality. 03 Library Explore over 1,000 careers and degrees. Learn who thrives in them and why. How It Works How it works 01 Answer Answer a series of questions Take the assessment and get your career matches, personality archetype, and more along the way. 02 Discover Discover what makes you — You Find out what makes you stand apart from others and why certain careers are great fits for you. 03 Explore Explore the world of school & work Find all the information you need to know about your dream career. Then make a plan to get there. 01 Answer a series of questions Take the assessment and get your career matches, personality archetype, and more along the way. 02 Discover what makes you — You Find out what makes you stand apart from others and why certain careers are great fits for you. 03 Explore the world of school & work Find all the information you need to know about your dream career. Then make a plan to get there. Our assessment is just one feature of our membership program. Become a member to access tools, resources, guidance, and support for every stage of your career. $/year billed annually (That's only $/month!) Learn more about membership See student discount For every career stage Working Professionals Be your best self at work. Learn what makes you unique and how well-suited you are to your past, current, and future career choices. College Students & Graduates Unsure about what to do after college? See the range of careers you can pursue with your interests, personality, and education. Career Changers Looking to make a career change? Thinking about going back to school? CareerExplorer will point you in the right direction. High School Students Discover your true potential and all of the options you have after high school. Then see which path is right for you. Why trust us? Built by data scientists and expert psychologists Our questions and algorithms are unique to us and are built on decades of study in vocational testing. Over 400 million questions answered The world of work changes in real time — and so do our analytics. Our algorithms continuously improve with millions of daily data points to give you real-time accuracy. Your data is safe with us We firmly believe that you own your data, not us. We never sell your personal data to third parties. Join millions who have taken our assessment What sets you apart in the workplace? Discover the behavioral traits that shape how you think and how you work with others. Freida, Student in Austin Scholar Disciplined Tempered Courageous Deliberate Elijah, Architect in London Jørgen, Engineer (@ CareerExplorer) in Vancouver Groundbreaker Competitive Dominant Values-Oriented Dutiful Maya, Professor in Chicago Mastermind Candid Maximizing Trusting Altruistic Guardian Nurturing Analytical Social Butterfly Leader Levi, Mechanical Engineer in Eugene Make your next move.  Today. Feel confident in your next career move with the insights and data you need. Get Started Now People say great things about us What an amazing tool to help you understand yourself and get an idea of potential jobs that you're suited for! — Ashley I like how in-depth it was. Not just, "what are you interested in?" but how your personality and personal preferences play into a career fit. — Leah We have been using CareerExplorer with our college students for years. Students express how much they learn from this assessment, both about their interests and themselves. 5 stars! — Suzanne Really cool. I can see my characteristics and all the jobs that I can obtain. I'm currently a student and I've always wondered what I would be good at. Now I can see options right in front of me. — JC This is a great tool! It is extremely accurate as well. I want to go to law school and get into politics to change the laws/policy in the U.S. regarding homelessness. I am finishing my Human Services Associate of Arts degree in January and plan on becoming a Homeless Advocate. Like I said, great test. Couldn't be any more accurate! — Sabrena Go ahead, Explore. Take the free assessment and uncover things you didn’t know about yourself. Get Started Now Free with the option to upgrade Whatever Sokanu is doing, it seems to be clicking with folks. More than 70% of those who start the test complete it right away. Regardless of your industry, position, or outlook, Sokanu’s study can help you discover a new perspective on the idea of a fulfilling career. Half our waking lives are spent at work, yet most rely on a combination of emotion, gut instinct and external advice from friends and family to inform their career decisions. But what if there was a better, more scientific way to help guide these crucial decisions? For Individuals Blog Login Sign Up The CareerExplorer Career Test Explore Career Collections What Career Is Right For Me? Careers in Finance Careers in Medicine Careers in Psychology Careers in Travel For Organizations CareerExplorer for Organizations © Sokanu Interactive Inc. 2025 About CareerExplorer Contact FAQ Knowledge Base Terms & conditions Privacy Accessibility Do Not Sell My Personal Information