CVS Caremark Home Skip to main content Notice to California Residents How to store your medications How to dispose of your medications español Notice to California Residents How to store your medications How to dispose of your medications español Get started Get started Manage prescriptions Manage prescriptions Manage your prescriptions Manage your prescriptions Getting  your prescriptions Specialty pharmacy High deductible health plan Manage your prescriptions Getting  your prescriptions Specialty pharmacy High deductible health plan Explore plan and benefits Explore plan and benefits Explore plan and benefits Explore plan and benefits Affordable medications Explore plan and benefits Affordable medications Register Register Sign in Sign in Back Want more from your prescription plan? You're in the right place. Register for your CVS Caremark account Stay up to date on your health Check your order status Stay on track with automatic refills Check your drug cost Jump to a specific topic Getting started Coverage and plan details Prescription costs and savings Getting your medication Secure refills Getting started New here? Let's get started. We're here to support and guide you to get the most value from your plan. Learn how CVS Caremark can help you Your coverage and plan details Discover what your plan can do for you Get all the information you need on medications, savings and personalized plan details. Learn more about your plan Your prescription costs and savings Find smart savings opportunities Keeping your medication affordable is important. One way we can help is by showing you ways to save on your prescription. Sign in or register to see your personalized savings options. Learn more about prescription savings Getting your medication Your prescriptions — your way Your plan has you covered, whether you're receiving your prescriptions by mail delivery or picking them up at a pharmacy around the corner. Review options for getting your prescriptions A faster way to refill your mail service prescriptions You can conveniently refill without signing in. Simply enter your date of birth and mobile number for a secure refill. Refill now Healthier happens together® Supporting you and your loved ones We've got you covered. Your prescription plan delivers you and your loved ones medication how you want it. Get started with CVS Caremark View transcript Hi, we're CVS Caremark, and we manage your prescription plan. That means we make sure you have access to affordable medication when and where you need it. You've probably heard of CVS Pharmacy, MinuteClinic, or CVS HealthHUB. The one thing we have in common is we're all part of the CVS Health family, and we all work together to help you on your path to better health. Let's take a minute to explore your new prescription plan and the digital tools you can use to find out if your medication is covered, what it will cost, and where to fill. These helpful tools are waiting for you at Caremark.com whenever you need them. To find out if your plan covers your medication, use the Check Drug Cost and Coverage tool. You'll also be able to see and compare any other options your plan covers, like a generic, and what they will cost. We know that saving money is more important than ever. Our Drug Savings Opportunities tool can help you find savings options personalized just for you. We'll even send an email alert every time a new savings opportunity comes up. Where you get your medication depends on your plan, but you can decide the most convenient way to fill your prescriptions. If prescription delivery is part of your plan, our mail service pharmacy can deliver 90-day supplies of medications you take regularly, and there's no delivery fee. If you'd rather pick up your prescription, there are plenty of pharmacies to choose from. But to avoid overpaying, make sure you fill at a pharmacy in your plan's network. Use the Find a Pharmacy tool to locate one near you. The CVS Caremark mobile app is ready to help you quickly refill a prescription, find a network pharmacy, check drug costs, and much more. We want to make sure you get the most out of your new plan. To learn more, visit Caremark.com. We're CVS Caremark, and we have your best health at heart. Health resources at your fingertips Stay informed about your health with the latest information on generic drugs, advice from licensed pharmacists and up-to-date drug safety alerts. Email a pharmacist Drug safety alerts Your questions, answered Whether you’ve been with us for years or your prescription plan started today, questions can come up at any time. Find answers on the following topics in our help center. Prescription Management Order status and history Ordering prescriptions Medication use and safety Account Management Cost and coverage Payments and billing Web and account support We're here for you, every step of the way. Find answers to frequently asked questions in our help center. Visit our help center This page contains trademarks or registered trademarks of CVS Pharmacy, Inc and/or one of its affiliates. Need help? Contact CVS Caremark About Us Questions about disposal of medications? Questions about storage of medications (PDF)? Corporate information CVSHealth.com Newsroom Investor Relations Careers For plan providers Client Care Access Pharmacists & Medical Professionals Electronic Prior Authorization Prior Authorization Terms and conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility Member rights and responsibilities Vulnerability disclosure program Copyright © 2025 CVS Caremark. All rights reserved