Check car by VIN & get the vehicle history | CARFAX Skip to main content Vehicle history Pricing Business Resources Help Center Frequently asked questions and our answers to them, as well as the contact to our customer service team. Blog Tips and tricks for buying a used car with confidence. Tools header.menu.calcoBolloAuto VIN Decoder BMW VIN Decoder Learn more Mileage check Service history Import history English Language Dutch English French German Italian Polish Russian Slovenian Spanish Swedish Login Login More safety when buying a used car Drive like a hero. Check like a pro. With CARFAX, you get access to the largest global database of Vehicle History information. Obtain valuable information, such as known accidents, damages, or theft reports from over 20 countries. Enter VIN Check availability Show me the CARFAX Our prices and offers Before buying a used car just say: Show me the CARFAX Take a look at this example of what information we can offer in our Vehicle History Reports. Show me the CARFAX We check every car for any reports of: Damage or accidents Maintenance and inspections Mileage manipulations Import information Thefts Change of ownership Taxi or rental car use Open recalls of the manufacturer Taxi or rental car use Open recalls of the manufacturer Show more How we help you find the best car At CARFAX, we collect events from the lives of millions of used cars from 20 European countries, as well as the USA and Canada. We can then create a vehicle history for every car in our database and make it available to you.
The information helps you to check sales data, avoid expensive follow-up costs and negotiate a fair purchase price. What makes us special: The largest international database for vehicle histories 100% committed to customer satisfaction Transparent, independent & neutral CARFAX is an international provider of vehicle histories with the goal of making the used car market more transparent and our roads safer worldwide. Contact Press Careers We are hiring Terms and conditions Legal information Privacy Notice Cookie Settings Copyright © 2025 , CARFAX Europe GmbH Safe surfing through highest encryption standards.