New Cars
Used Cars
About
Cars updated today
BeiJing Time
10:17:37
Favorites
EN
Log in
Loading in progress ...
CARtech - An automotive industry internet platform under Haier Group.
10
Countries
50
Cities
200
Dealerships
10000
Monthly Transactions
Search
Cars
Brand
Model Line
Price($)
-
Mileage(km)
-
Year
-
Energy Type
All
Popular Brands
Geely
BYD
Changan
Chery
Toyota
Honda
Volkswagen
Mazda
Selected Cars
View more 
New Arrivals (0)
More
Our Dealer Network
CARtech Xuzhou Jin'ou Store
View 200+ Dealers
Partner Evaluation
Buyer from Dubi

"Cooperation The car condition is so good that customers place orders directly, and after-sales response is fast. Definitely a five-star rating!"

Rashid
Buyer from Brazil

"The quality is great! Customers found no issues during inspection. It’s way better than the previous channels I worked with. Highly recommend!"

Caio
Buyer from Kenyan

"The car sources are super reliable! Reporting is detailed and the logistics arrived 3 days faster than expected ! Wonderful cooperation~"

Adekunle
Why Choose Us?

Convenient Purchase

Diverse Choices

Professional Inspection

Reasonable Pricing

Awards
More
How to Buy?
Step1

Select a Vehicle

Step2

Leave Your Information

Step3

Sales Contact

Step4

Make Payment

Step5

Vehicle Transportation

Step6

Vehicle Receipt & Sign-off

News
More
【CCTV 2】Haier CARtech Acquires Autohome
Haier Group, Parent Company of CARtech, Forms Strategic Partnership with Changan Automobile
On July 23rd, Haier Group and Changan Automobile signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Chongqing. Leveraging their industrial advantages, the two parties will deepen cooperation in car-home ecosystems, the automotive industry chain, and global service systems, while covering cutting-edge areas such as humanoid robots and big health, empowering Changan's three digital intelligent electric brands. This cross-industry cooperation focuses on ecological synergy, supporting the global development of Chinese brands and setting a benchmark for inter-industry collaboration.
Haier Group, Parent Company of CARtech, Establishes Strategic Cooperation with Wuchan Zhongda Group
On October 10, 2025, Zhejiang Materials Industry Group Corporation (Wuchan Zhongda Group) and Haier Group signed a strategic cooperation agreement, with leaders from both parties attending the signing ceremony. Pursuant to the agreement, the two companies will leverage their respective advantages to carry out deeper cooperation in multiple fields including bulk supply chain, smart housing, automotive-related scenarios, new energy, and intelligent manufacturing. They aim to jointly foster new development drivers and achieve high-quality development. Both parties stated that they have a solid foundation of prior cooperation, with complementary strengths and great cooperation potential. They expressed the hope that this signing will deepen mutual trust, make the multi-field and multi-dimensional cooperation more effective, and ultimately achieve a win-win outcome.
CARtech Showcases at the 2025 China Used Car Conference
At the 2025 China Used Car Conference in Chongqing, CARtech participated extensively and won multiple industry awards: 15 of its dealers were listed in the Top 100 Used Car Dealers, and 6 made the Top 50 New Energy Used Car Dealers, with subsidiaries in Qingdao, Hubei and other regions performing prominently. CARtech announced the accelerated phase of large-scale franchise expansion. Leveraging its profitability, full-industry-chain professionalism and leading ecological layout, the brand is recruiting industry partners to drive the transformation and upgrading of China's used car industry.
About CARtech
- CARtech - An automotive industry internet platform under Haier Group，which business covers 10+ countries and 50+ cities, bringing together over 200 top-used car dealers in China, with monthly transactions exceeding 10,000 units.
- Dedicated to providing car trading services for regions including the Middle East, Southeast Asia, South America, and Africa.
Countries
Cities
Dealerships
Monthly Transactions
FAQ Translation
What company is behind CARtech?
Does CARtech Used Cars have physical dealerships?
How do you ensure vehicle quality before shipping?
What if quality issues are found after purchase?
What regions do you serve?
How can I contact you for other questions?
From China to your port — verified, transparent, and professional every step of the way.
About CARtech
Contact Us
liuzunyu@haier.com
+86–18053208918
Privacy Policy
Friendly Links
鲁ICP备2023014960号-11© Copyright 2025 CARtech All rights reserved
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and to provide a browsing experience that is unique to you. Cookies are used by us so that our website can remember what you have done whilst browsing, for instance, your log-in details, how far you have progressed with an order.

You can learn more about our Privacy Policy.

Accept
Reject
Loading in progress ...