Car Talk: Home of Click & Clack and Car Advice Buying Guides Guides Extended Warranties Tire Buying Driver's Ed Car Shipping Insurance Auto Loans Parts & Services Popular Best Extended Car Warranty Companies Best Tire Brands Best Online Drivers Ed Courses in Your Area Best Places to Buy Tires online How to Ship a Car What are Aftermarket Parts How to Save Money on Car Insurance Deals Deals from... Advance Auto Amazon Valvoline Tire Rack Simple Tire Rental Cars Popular How much should you pay for an oil change How to save money buying tires online Common car maintenance jobs and their costs Top Deals and Coupons for this month Car Reviews Our Rankings Best SUVs Best Minivans Best EVs Best Trucks Best Passenger Cars Best Sports Cars Test Drive Notes Popular Car Rankings. Golden Wrench Awards Honda CR-V Subaru Crosstrek Honda Passport Subaru Forester Car Reviews. Best Minivans Car Reviews. Best SUVs Repair Shops Community Cars A-Z Guides All Cars Content Buying a Car Selling a Car Owning a Car Dear CarTalk Popular How to Sell a Car Most Expensive Car Repairs Mistakes to Avoid When Getting a Loan How to Save Money on Car Shipping How to Donate a Car Click&Clack Click & Clack This Week's Show Shameless Commerce Donate Car Test Drive Notes Login Honest Car Advice, No Bull*&!# from real mechanics, owners and knuckleheads Buying Guides Car Reviews Honda CR-V. Learn more » Toyota Tundra 2023 Acura TLX 2024 Kia EV9 2024 Mazda CX-90 2024 Car Talk’s Golden Wrench Awards Car Talk is the only place where mechanics and owners have a direct say in our evaluation of cars, parts, and services. Best Minivans See full review » Chrysler Pacifica Kia Carnival Honda Odyssey See full ranking » Best SUVs See full review » Honda CR-V Honda Passport Ford Edge See full ranking » Best Trucks See full review » Toyota Tundra Ford F-150 Raptor Ram 1500 See full ranking » Best EVs See full review » Chevrolet Bolt EV Chevrolet Bolt EUV Mercedes-Benz EQB See full ranking » See all of our rankings » Browse by Services & Parts Shipping Deals Driver's Ed Parts & Accessories Tires Warranties Best Car Services and Parts Parts & Accessories Best Ceramic Coating Best Spark Plugs Best Catalytic Converters Cost to Replace Wiper Blades Best EV Chargers Warranties Best Extended Car Warranties Extended Car Warranty Cost Warranties for Used Cars Carchex Car Warranty Review Should I Get an Extended Warranty Tires Best Tires - Who Made the List? Where to Buy Tires Online Best Tires for the Honda Civic Best Tires for Honda CR-V Best Tires for Toyota RAV4 Car Shipping How to Ship a Car Sherpa Car Shipping Review Best Car Shipping Companies Car Shipping Prices Amerifreight Car Shipping Review CarTalk News & Advice Snow-go for Those 15-year-old Snow Tires I have a tire question for you. I used to live at 8,000 feet in the mountains of Colorado. I had a double-switchback driveway on a north-facing hill. Ray Magliozzi • 12/15/2025 How Safe is The Cheapest Car on The Market? The cheapest car on the market right now, the Nissan Versa, supposedly has automatic braking, forward and backward. Ray Magliozzi • 12/8/2025 Wipers Up, Worries Down Is it OK to keep your windshield wipers pulled away from the windshield on snowy nights? I heard it could stretch the springs in the arms. Ray Magliozzi • 12/2/2025 Worry About Sunscreen, Not Your Tires I'm getting older and have become a "snowbird," heading south for the winter for four months every year. Ray Magliozzi • 11/24/2025 When You're Stuck But Not Parked Two mechanics couldn't find anything wrong with my non-functional parking brake. It's a floor-pedal type that does ratchet. Ray Magliozzi • 11/17/2025 Stuck in The Driver's Seat? My 2014 Mazda CX-5's driver's seat won't go back. The motor makes the appropriate sound, but it just won't go backward, as if it's stuck on something. Ray Magliozzi • 11/10/2025 Macho Madness vs. Car Lock Courtesy I was going into a small market in the neighborhood recently, and a giant GMC pickup parked right in front of the shop. As I walked by, the owner used the remote key fob to lock the door and a massive horn blew right in my ear. Ray Magliozzi • 11/3/2025 The Modern Oil Change: No Plug, No Problem I recently visited a major, national oil-change business. I was shocked to see them run a hose down my dipstick tube and suck the oil out. Ray Magliozzi • 10/28/2025 Our Show Listen Now Ask Ray Have a car question? Ask Ray, and for a chance to be featured in our column. Submit Why Car Talk? Free and easy to use Take the pain out of finding your next car or mechanic with new reviews added daily. Over 30,000 mechanics All mechanics are reviewed and tested by Car Talk’s growing community. Backed by Car Talk One of the most trusted names in automotive repair, we offer unbiased reviews and advice. Cartalk.com is a production of Cartalk Digital Inc. We offer unbiased reviews and advice, bad jokes and a great community for car owners and shoppers. Happy driving and remember... don't drive like my brother. Quick Links Home Car Reviews Newsletter Community Cars A-Z This Week's Show Repair Shops Test Drive Notes Donate a Car Popular Topics Warranties Tires Parts & Services Car Shipping Driver's Ed Car Buying Deals Auto Loans Podcast Insurance Donate a Car Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Reddit Contact Us Write for Us Car Talk Experts Rating Methodology Privacy Policy Site Map CAR TALK® is a trademark of Tappet Brothers LLC exclusively licensed to CarTalk Digital Inc. subject to certain reserved rights. SHAMELESS COMMERCE® is a trademark of Tappet Brothers LLC. © 2026 Cartalk Digital Inc.