Waging Peace. Fighting Disease. Building Hope. - The Carter Center Build Hope in the World Make a gift by Dec. 31 to help The Carter Center wage peace and fight disease. Donate Now (opens in new window) Explore all the ways you can give (opens in new window) Skip to content Home Peace Show submenu for “Peace” Our Peace Programs Conflict Resolution Democracy Human Rights Rule of Law Health Show submenu for “Health” Our Health Programs Guinea Worm Lymphatic Filariasis Malaria Mental Health and Caregivers River Blindness Schistosomiasis Trachoma Where We Work Stories About Show submenu for “About” About The Carter Center Our Impact Our People Our Legacy Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Career Opportunities Donate Menu Close menu Events News Publications Open search Search for: Play/Pause Video This video has no sound. Waging Peace. Fighting Disease. Building Hope. Waging Peace. Fighting Disease. Building Hope. For over 40 years, The Carter Center has boldly tackled humanity’s toughest challenges. Our peace and health programs partner with communities worldwide to create lasting change and improve people’s lives. About Us (opens in new window) Read More A Year After President Carter’s Passing, The Carter Center Continues to Advance His Vision of Peace, Health, and Human Rights A Year After President Carter’s Passing, The Carter Center Continues to Advance His Vision of Peace, Health, and Human Rights Press Release Dec. 18, 2025 Read More The Carter Center Reaffirms Commitment to the Declaration of Principles for International Election Observation The Carter Center Reaffirms Commitment to the Declaration of Principles for International Election Observation Statement Dec. 15, 2025 Read More Rice University’s Baker Institute and The Carter Center to Host Annual Elections Conference in Houston Rice University’s Baker Institute and The Carter Center to Host Annual Elections Conference in Houston Press Release Nov. 5, 2025 Working for Good Discover Stories (opens in new window) Read more:  From the Frontlines in Africa From the Frontlines in Africa Carter Center CEO Paige Alexander shares a message of thanks from the streets of Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Read more:  Guyana Rises: An Election Takes Place at a Pivotal Time Guyana Rises: An Election Takes Place at a Pivotal Time The Carter Center dispatched a team of nearly 50 international observers to monitor the Sept. 1 election in the multiethnic — and often ethnically divided — country. Where Hope Meets Action Since 1982, The Carter Center has helped people around the world live healthier and more peaceful lives. Our programs prevent and resolve conflicts, enhance freedom and democracy, and improve health. Together with our partners, we bring hope to places most have forgotten. About Us (opens in new window) Health Programs (opens in new window) Peace Programs (opens in new window) Pathways to Peace Conflict Resolution Program Pathways to Peace Local Action, Global Impact Our Impact (opens in new window) 6 We fight six preventable diseases with health education and simple, low-cost treatments. 128 We have carried out 128 full and limited election observation missions in 40 countries. 40 For nearly 40 years, we’ve championed health, peace, and hope worldwide. Explore where we work (opens in new window) Global Impact Starts with You Your support sustains our mission of waging peace, fighting disease, and building hope around the world. Donate Now (opens in new window) Stay Informed and Spread the Word Spam Control Text: Please leave this field empty First Name Required Last Name Required Email Address Required * Question - Not Required - Referer Update Your Profile Opens in a new window Health Peace Where We Work Stories About Events News Publications Get Involved Careers Internships and Graduate Assistantships Ways to Give Event Rentals Carter Center Store Opens in a new window Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Contact Us Link to Facebook Link to Bluesky Link to Instagram Link to LinkedIn Link to Threads Link to YouTube ©		2025		The Carter Center Mobile Menu Overlay Search Enter to search Peace Trigger submenu: Peace Our Peace Programs Conflict Resolution Democracy Human Rights Rule of Law Health Trigger submenu: Health Our Health Programs Guinea Worm Lymphatic Filariasis Malaria Mental Health and Caregivers River Blindness Schistosomiasis Trachoma Where We Work Stories About Trigger submenu: About About The Carter Center Our Impact Our People Our Legacy Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Career Opportunities Events News Publications