Cartoon Brew  | Animation News, Animated Cartoons Toggle navigation Twitter Bluesky Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Subscribe Film TV Shorts Awards Tech VFX CG Animation VR/AR/MR Tools Biz Business Box Office Report Artist Rights Studios Cities Bay Area London Los Angeles Montreal New York City Vancouver Paris Toronto Country France Japan Canada UK Spain China Germany Ireland Mexico Search: Film TV Shorts Interviews Business VFX/Tech Artist Rights Box Office Festivals Twitter Bluesky Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Subscribe Exclusive Oscar Shortlist Interviews: Director J.P. Vine Shares His Favorite Shot From ‘Cardboard’ (EXCLUSIVE) In this intimate moment, ‘Cardboard’ uses just a few frames to convey a single father’s sense of loss, softened by a hopeful light at the end of the tunnel. By Jamie Lang Sponsored by Moho No AI, Perpetual License, Developed By Artists: Moho’s Free Side Quest Update Now Exports 2D Characters To Unity, Unreal, Godot, And Blender Box Office Report ‘Zootopia 2’ Becomes Disney Animation’s Highest-Grossing Release Of All Time RIP In Memoriam: Remembering The Animation Figures Who Died In 2025 Awards Oscar Shortlist Interviews: Director Jan Saska Shares His Favorite Shot From ‘Hurikán’ (EXCLUSIVE) Feature Film Cartoon Brew Writers Pick Their Favorite Features, Series, And Shorts Of 2025 Feature Film Upcoming Animated Movies Calendar: A Look At 2026 Feature Animation Releases Series Traditional Financing Be Damned: Jorge Gutiérrez Courts Partners By Releasing The Full 40-Minute ‘El Guapo Vs. The Narco Vampires’ Animatic Online Latest Awards Oscar Shortlist Interviews: Director Aaron Blaise Shares His Favorite Shot From ‘Snow Bear’ (EXCLUSIVE) Disney legend Aaron Blaise discusses the emotional centerpiece of his Oscar-shortlisted animated short ‘Snow Bear’ and what the moment means to him. By Jamie Lang | 2 days ago Anime Toho Purchases Anime Limited, Extends European Reach With New U.K. Base GKIDS ‘ parent company, Toho, is growing again. The Japanese giant has established a U.K. European HQ and purchased Anime Limited to scale distribution. By Jamie Lang | 2 days ago Sponsored by Reallusion Award-Winning 2D Animation Tips From The 2024 Cartoon Animator Contest Learn nine pro techniques from 2024 Cartoon Animator contest winners to boost your 2D animation skills with creative rigs and smart motion tools. By Cartoon Brew Connect | 2 months ago Classic Public Domain Day 2026: Betty Boop, Pluto (As Rover), And Flip The Frog Hit The Commons On January 1 Works released in 1930 hit the U.S. public domain on January 1, including early animation icons, forgotten favorites, and the art form’s formative experiments. By Jamie Lang | 3 days ago Distribution Avatar Feature ‘Legend Of Aang’ To Skip Theatrical, Go Straight To Paramount+ Avatar Studios’ ‘Legend of Aang’ will debut on Paramount+ instead of theaters, alongside the new animated series ‘Avatar: Seven Havens.’ By Jamie Lang | 5 days ago Interviews Inside The Insanity Of ‘Gumball’s’ Holiday Special, ‘The Cheapmas’ Creators Ben Bocquelet and Erik Fountain break down the long wait, warped humor, and production challenges behind Gumball’s rare Christmas episode. By Tara Bennett | 1 week ago Box Office Report Box Office: ‘David’ Sets Angel’s Opening Record; ‘SpongeBob’ Treads Water; ‘Zootopia’ Holds; And ‘Avatar’ Rules The pre-holiday box office sees ‘David’ surprise, ‘SpongeBob’ stumble, ‘Zootopia 2’ carry on, and ‘Avatar: Fire and Ash’ dominate globally. By Jamie Lang | 1 week ago Awards Five Indie Animated Features, Five Very Different Paths: Welcome To Cartoon Brew’s Awards Season Rogue Roundtable Directors of ‘Endless Cookie,’ ‘Black Butterflies,’ ‘Boys Go to Jupiter,’ ‘Dog of God,’ and ‘Slide’ discuss their 2025 indie gems. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Business WildBrain Sells Its Peanuts Stake To Sony For A Debt-Free Balance Sheet By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Anime ‘There Are As Many Hells As There Are Evil Minds’: Isamu Imamake On Animating The Afterlife In ‘Dragon Heart’ (EXCLUSIVE BTS) Isamu Imamake discusses character design, depictions of Hell and Shambhala, and blending hand-drawn and CG animation in his latest feature. By Joe Fordham | 2 weeks ago Anime ‘What We Create Gives Balance To The Industry’: Producer And Studio 4°C Co-Founder Eiko Tanaka On Maintaining The Company’s Creative Spirit The veteran producer discusses cultural ambition, original filmmaking, and how Studio 4°C navigates an anime industry driven by IP and scale. By Kambole Campbell | 2 weeks ago Awards The Oscars Are Heading To YouTube In 2029 The landmark deal reflects declining TV audiences and a strategic bet on streaming platforms to hopefully future-proof the iconic awards show. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Business Shareholders Push Back On Blue Ant Purchase Of Thunderbird Entertainment The proposed deal puts Atomic Cartoons at the center of a debate over valuation, control, and whether Blue Ant’s offer reflects Thunderbird’s long term worth. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Anime ‘Demon Slayer: Kimetsu No Yaiba Infinity Castle’ Director Haruo Sotozaki And DP Yûichi Terao Talk Awards Impact, Sequel Stresses, And Rising Expectations By Tara Bennett | 2 weeks ago Feature Film ‘You Have To Leave Him How You Found Him’: Derek Drymon And The Reel FX Team On Bringing SpongeBob Back To The Big Screen From story structure to CG textures, Derek Drymon and the Reel FX animation team detail how SpongeBob’s theatrical DNA was preserved and expanded. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Business Rainbow Acquires Geronimo Stilton IP, No Mention Of The Previously-Announced Feature Adaptation The feature was announced in 2023 with ‘Captain Underpants’ director David Soren, but today’s release offered no update, raising doubts about its future. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Animators ‘Original One-Off Pieces… Are Really The Only Thing I Want To Make’: Inside Adult Swim’s ‘The Elephant’ With Patrick McHale, Pendleton Ward McHale and Ward discuss the guts of their three-act special, creating in isolation, and embracing non-canon storytelling, creative risk, and collaboration. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Box Office Report Malaysian Animation’s New Box Office Benchmark: ‘Papa Zola The Movie’ Passes $2.5 Million In Its First Five Days The adult-led animated feature’s breakout week highlights shifting audience tastes and bolsters commercial confidence for Malaysian studios. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Business Warner Bros. Discovery Board Rejects Paramount’s Hostile Offer By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Awards Shortlists Unveiled For 98th Academy Awards, Including Animated Short And VFX Categories Animation on this year’s shortlists is way down after a banner year in 2025. Only ‘Golden’ from ‘KPop Demon Hunters’ appears in a non-dedicated category. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago Classic Animation All-Stars Unite For UPA Tribute Panel, Screening In Los Angeles On Jan. 15, animation veterans will gather at Old Town Music Hall in El Segundo for a discussion and theatrical screening of UPA shorts. By Jamie Lang | 2 weeks ago More from Cartoon Brew About Cartoon Brew Staff Submit a Tip Comment Guidelines Contact us Advertise on Cartoon Brew Today ©2026 Cartoon Brew, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy 0 Stay informed with free updates Sign up to get our news digest — delivered directly to your inbox twice a week. Email Address*