Carta APAC | The End-to-End Suite Connecting Private Capital Toggle menu Products Equity Management Fund Management Equity Management All Equity Management From issuing early equity to IPO, build and scale your business on one platform Cap Table Management Issue, track, and manage your company's equity securely Valuations Be audit-ready with fast, cost-effective IFRS and 409A valuations SAFE Financings Generate and issue SAFEs with real-time tracking from one platform Financial Reporting Generate your stock-based compensation reports in a few clicks Total Compensation Get reliable salary and equity benchmarks Liquidity Execute secondary transactions that fully integrate with your cap table Equity Compliance Put compliance on auto-pilot with end-to-end corporate secretarial services Launch For early-stage founders to manage equity and build their cap table Get started for free Fund Management All Fund Management Leverage a suite of products and services to support your firm at every stage Fund Administration Automate your back office with solutions from reporting to closings SPVs Form, close, and administer your SPV in just a few clicks Fund Tax Unlock a seamless tax season with your fund accounting and taxes in one place Fund Forecasting Guide your fund’s strategy with data-driven precision Fund Formations Form your fund, administer closings, and execute capital calls Portfolio Valuations Calculate valuations with confidence, leveraging industry best practices Loan Operations Automate every step and workflow with a connected loan solution Carta Carry Track tasks, message fund admins, and make approvals—from anywhere Learn more Solutions BY BUSINESS TYPE Private Equity Venture Capital Private Credit Private Corporations BY INDUSTRY Finance HR BY ROLE Founder General Partner Limited Partner Law Firm Streamline your fundraising Get tools and services for an easier and more cost-effective fundraise Read more Pricing PRICING & PLANS For Equity Management Find the solutions you need to drive your business forward at any stage View details For Fund Management Providing investors an automated back office to help run funds of any size View details Launch For early-stage founders to manage equity and build their cap table Get started for free Resources LEARN Carta Classroom Education Data Desk Blog What's New in Product Virtual events Case studies COMMUNITY Community Training PARTNERS Partners API Developer Platform New Startup Stack SUPPORT Contact support Support articles API documentation Company COMPANY About us Executive team Diversity, equity, and inclusion PEOPLE Life at Carta Careers Engineering NEWS Product release notes Press VC Fund Performance Q2 2025 Data from more than 2,500 venture funds that currently use Carta Fund Administration Read the report Sign in Request a demo Where private capital connects Whether you’re a startup, VC, private equity firm, portfolio company, or individual investor—Carta’s ERP for private capital connects workflows, data, and people in one unified platform. Request a demo Watch a video tour Private Equity Private Equity Manage funds, SPVs, and cap tables with unrivaled visibility, precision, and control. Venture Capital Venture Capital Track capital activity, portfolio performance, and LP reporting seamlessly in one place. Corporations Corporations Plan and manage equity throughout your startup journey, from raising funds to IPO. Limited Partners Limited Partners Monitor fund performance, allocations, and reports across all your private market holdings. The Carta difference Total command Gain real-time visibility and control of data and workflows—from a single investment to an entire fund structure—on one easy-to-use platform. Networked intelligence Supercharge operational speed and productivity across workflows with AI-powered monitoring, proactive orchestration, and process automation. Strategic modeling Extract powerful interconnected insights that help you quickly model new scenarios, formulate winning strategies, and make smarter decisions. Confidence & compliance Enjoy enhanced data accuracy and traceability—and less time chasing errors—which means smooth and assured report, audit, and tax processes. End-to-end collaboration Keep everyone in sync with frictionless workflows and comms between firms, companies, investors, partners, and every player in between. World-class expertise Tap into Carta’s bench of seasoned pros—fund admins, tax experts, analysts and more—who deliver unmatched knowledge to inform decision-making. Trusted by Carta has been seamless to work with—the team is professional, responsive and investor-focused. The platform is intuitive, streamlining both our investor experience and internal workflows. Rachel Yang Partner , Giant Leap Our LPs provide fund managers the fuel to survive, thrive, and grow. So we give them the information they need, and Carta's software is a core component of that work for us. Eddie Thai GP , Ascend Vietnam Ventures For cap table management, Carta's spot on. It's become the backbone of how we manage ownership. I'm excited to explore how we extend that foundation into their fundraising tools. Jack Hartpence Co-Founder & CEO , PowWater Our LPs have much higher satisfaction, they can self-help by logging in to get what they want, get what they want, and discover it faster. Now that they've gotten used to this, they wish more GPs operated this way. I think that's going to be the magic of Carta. Jeffrey Lee MD & CFO , NLVC Feedback from stakeholders using Carta has been overwhelmingly positive—praising the platform's automation, streamlined workflows, and ability to keep processes thoroughly documented, making their experience more efficient than ever. Yonas Tejoputranto Head of Finance , Dovetail We had a lot of confidence in our numbers and didn't need to sense-check the results because we knew what was in Carta was correct. Our clients had the same level of confidence when we told them that the results were directly from Carta. Dominic Ong CFO , Endowus When you think of everything that we do, Carta has automated it in a way that saves us time and allows us to focus on delivering value to our portfolio companies and investors...With Carta, communication with LPs is seamless. Mark Munoz Co-founder , Vectr Fintech Anytime capital activity happens within a company, within a day or two, you should see that reflected when you go in and pull up the cap table. For our companies that have Carta and allow access for us, it's just a great benefit. Ronald Pierre VP , Kayne Anderson The scalability is definitely there with Carta. A platform that connects us to real-time information lets us grow our investor base and, following, our asset base. Without a partner like Carta, we run into bottlenecks. Brian Montgomery CFO , Legalist Explore our solutions Fund management Equity management Portfolio management Carta by the numbers 1.6M+ Equity holders on platform $4T+ Assets on platform 50,000+ Companies $182B+ Assets under administration 8,500+ Funds and SPVs on platform $390B+ Portfolio equity value Let's connect Request a demo Watch a video tour PRODUCT Carta's Next Evolution: ERP for Private Capital NOVEMBER 2025 INSIGHTS Fund Economics Report 2025 DECEMBER 2025 INSIGHTS Q3 2025 VC Fund Performance DECEMBER 2025 PRODUCT Rewiring Fund Admin in the era of AI OCTOBER 2025 PRODUCT Carta's Next Evolution: ERP for Private Capital NOVEMBER 2025 INSIGHTS Fund Economics Report 2025 DECEMBER 2025 INSIGHTS Q3 2025 VC Fund Performance DECEMBER 2025 PRODUCT Rewiring Fund Admin in the era of AI OCTOBER 2025 PRODUCT Carta's Next Evolution: ERP for Private Capital NOVEMBER 2025 INSIGHTS Fund Economics Report 2025 DECEMBER 2025 INSIGHTS Q3 2025 VC Fund Performance DECEMBER 2025 PRODUCT Rewiring Fund Admin in the era of AI OCTOBER 2025 Additional Products Data Collection Deal Closings Distributions Scenario Modeling Waterfall Modeling Featured Blogs What is a 409A valuation? What is a cap table? What are advisory shares? What are stock options? How are stock options taxed? Exercising stock options What is vesting? What is fund administration? What is a SAFE? Pre-money vs post-money SAFEs Read more Company About us Executive team Careers Press Support Documentation Product release notes Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal Disclosure Terms of Service E-sign Consent GDPR Compliance Supplier Terms Do not share or sell my personal information (cookie preferences) Security & Trust Responsible Disclosure Policy. Cap Table: Data Privacy & Protection Trust Center Asia Pacific / Middle East United States / Americas United Kingdom / Europe Asia Pacific / Middle East eShares, Inc. DBA Carta, Inc. ("Carta") is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a transfer agent. The services and information described in this communication are provided to you "as is" and "as available" without warranties of any kind, expressed, implied or otherwise, including but not limited to all warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Neither Carta nor any of its affiliates will be liable for any damages, including without limitation direct, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages, caused in any way or arising from the use of the services or reliance upon the information provided in this communication or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure. © 2026 eShares, Inc. DBA Carta, Inc.