Casemine | Legal & Case Research | Legal AI | US, UK, Indian Judgments and Law | CaseMine Log In India UK & Ireland All All Parallel Title Appellant Respondent Lawyer Please enter at least 3 characters. Parallel Search is an AI-driven legal research functionality that uses natural language understanding to find conceptually relevant case law, even without exact keyword matches. Hi, I'm AMICUS. Your GPT powered virtual legal assistant. Let's chat. Parallel Search NEW CaseIQ AMICUS (Powered by GPT) Federal U.S. Supreme Court Federal Circuit 1st Circuit 2d Circuit 3d Circuit 4th Circuit 5th Circuit 6th Circuit 7th Circuit 8th Circuit 9th Circuit 10th Circuit 11th Circuit Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit Board of Immigration Appeals Special Courts Bankruptcy State Alabama Alaska Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana Nebraska North Carolina North Dakota New Hampshire New Jersey Northern Mariana Islands New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Log In Sign Up India UK & Ireland x Alert How is this helpful for me? Creating your profile on CaseMine allows you to build your network with fellow lawyers and prospective clients. Once you create your profile, you will be able to: Claim the judgments where you have appeared by linking them directly to your profile and maintain a record of your body of work. Interact directly with CaseMine users looking for advocates in your area of specialization. Creating a unique profile web page containing interviews, posts, articles, as well as the cases you have appeared in, greatly enhances your digital presence  on search engines such Google and Bing, resulting in increased client interest. The cases linked on your profile facilitate Casemine's artificial intelligence engine in recommending you to potential clients who might be interested in availing your services for similar matters. Know more Create your profile now Close Unravelling the Law with Legal AI Introducing Amicus: Your GPT-Powered Legal AI assistant with unmatched legal knowledge! AMICUS is a generative artificial intelligence trained on the whole body of law to serve as a highly skillful and reliable legal assistant. AMICUS not only aids in finding the most accurate and precise answers to your legal queries but also serves as a strategy guide. It is continually updated with the latest developments in the law and is engineered to provide authentic sources to validate its responses. Try AMICUS now! Watch Casemine overview Videos Request a Demo Three Pillars. One Intelligence. AMICUS AI seamlessly integrates all three sources to give you complete, verified answers. Your Firm's Data Access all your internal knowledge: pleadings, memos, case files, agreements, contracts, client communication, etc. Pleadings Memos Case files Agreements Contracts Client communication ⭐ Powered by CaseMine Verified CaseMine Repository One of the largest legal databases with grounded and verified legal information you can trust. Verified Grounded Largest DB The Open Web Complete coverage of trusted legal sources, news and expert commentary from across the internet. Complete Trusted Current Three pillars. One AI assistant. Zero blind spots. Load more AMICUS Meet AMICUS, a cutting-edge generative legal AI that functions as your trustworthy legal assistant. It's been exhaustively trained on comprehensive legal archives, enabling it to provide accurate, precise, and strategic responses to any legal inquiries you may have. With continuous updates on the latest legal developments, AMICUS is engineered to always provide dependable advice backed by credible sources. CaseIQ Obtain highly relevant search results directly from a brief (or other associated legal document), bypassing the need to reformulate case facts into searchable legal propositions CiteTEXT Lend substance to your arguments by using the language of the court instead of relying on third-party headnotes Case Visualization Convert relationships into insights by easily mapping linkages between case laws. Discover details, nuances or patterns not visible using traditional search approaches. Prioritize relevant case laws from thousands of search results by taking a holistic view. Case Management Easily manage the increasing number of hearings as well as multiplicity of client requirements in a single location using a convenient interface. Effortlessly allocate tasks among your colleagues, associates, and interns, track workflow and measure progress. Stap 1 Stap 2 Stap 3 Stap 4 Stap 5 × Confidential and Secure Recognising the sensitive nature of legal work, our platform ensures the confidentiality and security of your data. CaseMine prioritises security adhering to ISO standards, to ensure the utmost data protection, privacy, and integrity for every client interaction. ISO 27001:2022 ISO 9001:2015 Press India's CaseMine Launches Generative AI Legal Platform AMICUS - A New Paradigm In Legal Research With Generative AI Can Robots Replace Lawyers? This Indian AI Startup Is Making A Case For Legal Tech CaseMine launches AI-powered legal assistant AMICUS Story of CaseMine, NCR based startup that's disrupting Indian legal system using AI Meet India's Casemine, Shaking Up the Legal AI Case Analysis Market Lawyer-Bots Are Shaking Up Jobs - MIT Technology Review Legal AI Co. CaseMine Launches English Law Research System CAM partners with Casemine for India's premier LegalTech certificate program Artificial Intelligence for Attorneys: No, Not a New Robot Overlord Top 5 Legal AI Startups That Have Changed The Face Of Indian Legal Sector Jobs of fresh law graduates at stake as AI makes inroads into legal firms Will Lawyers and Judges be replaced by Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) Get started today Login here Register here Know us better! Request a Demo Watch Casemine overview Videos Company About Us Privacy Policy Terms Careers Columns Contact Us Help Pricing Help & Support Features Workflow CaseMine API CaseMine's Bespoke AI Solutions Judge Signup Student Signup CaseMine Tools CaseIQ Judgment Search Parallel Search AttorneyIQ Browse Cases © 2023 Gauge Data Solutions Pvt. Ltd. x Summary x Alert