Caseware Cloud Caseware Cloud Overview Benefits Solutions Caseware Online Practice Management Caseware Q Caseware Time Pricing Security Support Request Invite A new way to collaborate For large and small accounting firms. Request Invite Reach a new level in productivity and efficiency. Client Portal Share files quickly and easily. Provide clients with custom dashboards for helpful views into the engagement process. File Management Enjoy a full document management system, with built-in archiving, retention and backup capabilities. Time & Billing Do all your time and billing from any web enabled device. Connect directly with your external calendar. Collaboration Collaborate in ways not possible before, with one centralized location for all your staff, clients and other stakeholders. Engagement Management Track and monitor every aspect of your engagement for optimized efficiency and profitability. Permissions Leverage built-in roles for easy rights management or create your own. Benefits Take Control of Your Firm With Caseware Cloud, you’ll gain unprecedented visibility into your engagements. With innovative web-based tools, you can easily monitor your engagement quality and find ways to increase efficiency and productivity. Centralize Your Engagements With Caseware Cloud, all your engagement needs are in one centralized location, with no need for servers. Plus, with Caseware Online, team members can work simultaneously on the same Working Papers file, knowing data is always up-to-date. Keep Your Practice Humming Offering a full time and billing system out of the box, Caseware Cloud lets you track time, bill clients and perform analysis from any web-enabled device. Solutions Caseware Online Centralized engagements, improved collaboration and a full client portal. LEARN MORE Practice Management Take more control of your firm and engagements. LEARN MORE Caseware Q Q is for quicker, higher-quality audits. LEARN MORE Caseware Time Take your practice online. LEARN MORE Pricing Click here to see pricing in your region To inquire about pricing, please contact: Contact Phone Email Per User* Price per month (billed annually) Number of Contacts who can access the client portal Unlimited Included Storage GB per paid user Additional Storage per 1 GB per month Enterprise Backup** Included If the country shown above is not correct, please contact us for more information on pricing in your region. All plans include: Integration with Caseware Working Papers*** Central engagement management with financial and audit analytics Entity, staff and contact management Enterprise secure collaboration Document management (DMS) Client portal Customizable views and dashboard system for staff and client portals ** Includes daily backups for 80 days, with no additional storage costs. Additional charge for recovery will apply. Depending on the amount of data required, there will be a minimum charge of $75 per recovery request. *** Requires Working Papers SmartSync 2013 or higher. Additional licensing fees may apply. Security At Caseware, we take the security of your data very seriously. The following information addresses the measures we take to ensure that it remains secure. To read our full Privacy Policy, click here. Where Will My Engagement Data Be Stored? Your data will be stored in state-of-the-art data centers operated by Amazon Web Services. What Type of Controls Are in Place to Protect This Very Sensitive and Confidential Data? Amazon provides physical security and logical security controls at the infrastructure layer. The platform is covered by a SSAE 16 report (done by Ernst and Young) and is PCI Level 1 certified, ISO 27001 certified, and compliant with all major security control frameworks. For details as to their security, click here. For more information about their compliance, including assurance programs and third-party attestations, reports and certifications, click here. What About Backups? Full backups of every client system are run daily and maintained for 90 days. What Kind of Encryption Is Used? Data that is transferred to and from Caseware Cloud is 100% encrypted at the same strength used in online banking. Support For technical support, please contact: Email support@caseware.com Phone +1-416-867-9504 Fax +1-416-867-1906 To access online help for Caseware Cloud, click here. If you have any questions, please contact solutions@caseware.com. Solutions Caseware Online Practice Management Caseware Q Caseware Time Contact us About Us Careers solutions@caseware.com Resources Privacy Terms of Service Attend Free Webinar