Best Personal Injury Law Software for Attorneys Skip to main content Welcome to 8am CasePeer. Built for business. Built for you. 8am is the professional business platform designed to help your business thrive. Learn more 8am MyCase LawPay DocketWise Support Login Features Resources Company Customers Pricing Get a Demo Open  main menu Open main menu #1 Rated Case Management Software for Personal Injury Law Firms CasePeer is the only case management software driving better outcomes for your clients, and better outcomes for your firm. Streamline your firm’s business operations and increase productivity with our turnkey legal practice management tools designed exclusively for personal injury law firms. Get a Demo No credit card required. Powering the business of law for leading firms nationwide User-friendly and empowering You're busy helping your clients make a full and fair recovery. That's why we've developed a turnkey platform for plaintiffs' law firms, no customization required. Hit the ground running in days, not months, with CASEpeer's intuitive, easy-to-learn legal practice management software. Why CasePeer Your blueprint for success Integrated reporting, marketing, client relationship management, client intake, document automation, and accounting hubs paired with scalable automation allow your firm to optimize workflows and plan for the future. Let CasePeer’s cloud-based platform do the operational legwork for you. See Practice Management Industry-leading support Get the support you need from a team dedicated to your success, every step of the way. From chat, phone, webinars, tutorials, and one-on-one support, you can feel confident from implementation and beyond with CasePeer’s industry-leading customer success team. Words from our clients Find out why CasePeer is the leading practice management solution for personal injury firms. CasePeer is something that you can't afford not to have. Ash Watkins / Co-Founder, Sam & Ash, LLP CasePeer allows for easy case management from beginning to end. Josh Jones / Founder, Josh Jones Law, P.A. It is difficult to compliment the software without complimenting the company. I have never experienced better customer service and client attentiveness. Brett Sachs / Founder, Sachs Law & MVP Attorneys It’s user-friendly and doesn’t require too much inside knowledge. Oscar Garza / Founder, Oscar A. Garza Law Easily integrate with the apps you love Explore Integrations Built for you, not by you See why personal injury firms choose CasePeer Get a demo Get in touch Hours: Mon-Fri 6am-5pm PT Email: info@casepeer.com Support: (949) 416-5777 Data Migration: (866) 487-8480 Features Case Management Practice Management Client Experience Reporting Legal AI Customers Case Studies Why CASEpeer? Referral Program Partnerships Resources Blog Webinars Guides Industry Reports Integrations Help Center Pricing Login Company About Us Careers Contact Us Security Features Case Management Practice Management Client Experience Reporting Legal AI Customers Case Studies Why CASEpeer? Referral Program Partnerships Resources Blog Webinars Guides Industry Reports Integrations Help Center Pricing Login Company About Us Careers Contact Us Security Get in touch Hours: Mon-Fri 6am-5pm PT Email: info@casepeer.com Support: (949) 416-5777 Data Migration: (866) 487-8480 Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Statement Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information © 2025
8am, LLC. All Rights Reserved 8am™ is a trademark of 8am, LLC. Registration pending. 8am, LLC is a registered ISO of Synovus Bank, Columbus, GA., Fifth Third
      Bank, N.A., Cincinnati, OH, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Canadian Branch,
      Toronto, ON, Canada. The 8am™ Visa® Business Card is issued by Emprise Bank, pursuant to a
      license from Visa U.S.A., Inc.