Cash Loans | Buy & Sell 2nd Hand Goods  | Cash Converters Cash Converters Home Cash Converters Home Shop Shop All New Arrivals Luxury Brands On Sale Our Warranty Sell Sell To Us What's It Worth Loans Cashies Loan Loans for Every Situation All Situations Emergency Loans Weekend Loans Rental Bond Loans Car Repair Loans Medical and Dental Loans Vet Bill Loans Loans to Move Out Loans to Travel Small Loans Bad Credit Loans Loans for People on Centrelink Loans for Christmas Top Loan Locations We Serve Popular Loan Locations We Serve Adelaide Brisbane Cairns Canberra Darwin Gold Coast Hobart Melbourne Newcastle Perth Sydney Townsville Pawnbroking My Loans Make a Payment All Resources All Resources Managing the Cashies Loan FAQs Target Market Determination Locations All Stores ACT NSW NT QLD SA TAS VIC WA Hub Blog Home Buying & Selling Making Life Possible Investor My Account My Wishlist 0 Cart 0 ; Shop Now Sell to Us Cashies Loan Pawnbroking Make a Payment Hub At Cash Converters, we make more of the things you want possible. Like being able to buy that thing you want for less. Or being able to sell that thing you don’t want for cash on the spot, so you can get something you do want. Or making it possible to borrow up to $10,000. Online Shop Shop online with Australia’s largest second-hand goods retailer. Shop now Cashies Loan You can apply to access up to $10,000 and request a redraw from an approved credit limit. Find out more Pawnbroking Simply bring an item of value to leave with us as collateral for a secured, short-term loan. Find out more Sell to us We pay cash on the spot for items of value that you no longer use like a guitar, computer, jewellery, smart phones, tool sets and more. Find out more We approve more people every day At Cash Converters, we offer the Cashies Loan - our line of credit product giving you the option to borrow up to $10,000. Our loans are flexible, so whatever your need might be, our friendly personal finance team will help give you the information you need so you can make a decision on what is right for you. Second-hand means tried and trusted With over 150 stores around the country, you’ll be surprised by the amount of quality goods you can ﬁnd – all at affordable prices. Most items come with a Cashies 90-day warranty too, so you can shop with confidence. Or while you’re here, browse our huge range of second-hand goods and buy online. Get paid to recycle At Cashies, we’ll pay you to recycle your quality goods. Bring in the things you no longer need , and we’ll give you cash on the spot in return. Fee Disclosure Our Cashies Loan does not have an establishment fee or any monthly fees. Interest is charged at a fixed rate of 48% per annum on the total outstanding balance. The maximum repayment term for each drawing against the loan is 36 months. For example, a Cashies Loan of $4,000 repaid monthly over 3 years would require total repayments of $7,616 ($4,000 principal and $3,616 interest). This example has been calculated on a specified credit limit with the assumption that the loan has been drawn to the maximum amount of credit at the start of the loan and all repayments have been made on time. The calculation shown does not account for potential additional fees and charges, such as default or enforcement charges, which may be incurred. Our Medium Personal Loans incur a $400 establishment fee and interest at 48% per annum. For example, a medium loan of $3,000 repaid by monthly payments over 1 year would equate to a total amount payable of $4,348 (including a $400 establishment fee). The minimum loan term is 4 months and a maximum of 24 months. A dishonour fee of $33 is payable if a repayment is not made by the due date or a direct debit is declined. Our loans are repayable in weekly, fortnightly or monthly instalments. Loans can be repaid early with no penalty and interest will only be charged on the outstanding balance of the loan. Early repayment will reduce the total interest payable on the loan. The Annual Percentage Rate (APR) on our Cashies Loan and our Medium Personal Loan is 48%. These calculations do not account for potential additional fees and charges, such as default charges, which may be incurred. All loans are subject to lending criteria and suitability assessment. Categories Jewellery & Fashion Jewellery Fashion Accessories more... Phones, Cameras & Computers Smartphones Tablets Laptops more... Gaming Consoles & Equipment Games (Discs & Cartridges) more... Music, TV & Video Musical Instruments Home Theatre, TVs & HiFi Stereos more... Outdoor & Sports Camping & Travel Exercise Equipment more... Collectables, Hobbies & Toys Collectables Hobbies more... Tools, Motor & Hardware Cars, Motorbikes & Parts Power Tools & Industrial more... Household & Business Cooking & Dining Cooling & Heating more... See all Categories Shop Shop All New Arrivals Luxury Brands On Sale Our Warranty Sell Sell To Us What's It Worth Loans Cashies Loan Loans for Every Situation All Situations Emergency Loans Weekend Loans Rental Bond Loans Car Repair Loans Medical and Dental Loans Vet Bill Loans Loans to Move Out Loans to Travel Small Loans Bad Credit Loans Loans for People on Centrelink Loans for Christmas Top Loan Locations We Serve Popular Loan Locations We Serve Adelaide Brisbane Cairns Canberra Darwin Gold Coast Hobart Melbourne Newcastle Perth Sydney Townsville Pawnbroking My Loans Make a Payment All Resources All Resources Managing the Cashies Loan FAQs Target Market Determination Locations All Stores ACT NSW NT QLD SA TAS VIC WA Hub Blog Home Buying & Selling Making Life Possible Investor My Cart Your account Login / Register My Loans Logout Cash Converters Home Facebook Instagram Youtube TikTok Shop Shop Online New Arrivals Luxury Brands On Sale Refund and Warranty Policy Shipping Sell to Us Find a Store Help Loans Apply Now Cashies Loan Managing your Loan FAQs Loans for Every Situation Pawnbroking My Loans Make a Payment Personal Loan FAQs Company About Blog Contact Us Careers Investor Newsroom Resources Privacy Statement of Notifiable Matters Credit Reporting Policy Terms & Conditions Customer Data Right Target Market Determination Community Guidelines Complaints Responsible Lending ID Requirements Police Collaboration Accessibility Financial Assistance Warning about Borrowing Australian Credit Licence 391436, 391415 © Copyright 2026 Cash Converters Pty Ltd ABN 75 009 288 804