Casino Guru – The Ultimate Guide to The Online Casino World EN | Login Sign up Home Online Casinos Online casinos Best online casinos New online casinos Big online casinos Safest online casinos Real money gambling sites Popular filters Mobile casinos Crypto casinos Live dealer casinos High roller VIP casinos Anonymous casinos Payment methods PaysafeCard casinos Skrill casinos Google Pay casinos Bank Transfer casinos VISA casinos All payment methods Games Free casino games Free casino games New casino games Free slot machines Free roulette Free blackjack Free keno Game providers Pragmatic Play games Habanero games Amusnet (EGT) games Amatic games PGSoft games Nolimit City games Playtech games Real money play Slots sites New slots sites Roulette sites Bingo sites Pragmatic Play casinos Nolimit City casinos BGaming casinos Bonuses Casino bonuses No deposit bonuses Deposit bonuses Reload bonuses Cashback bonuses All bonuses Other lists New no deposit bonuses Exclusive no deposit bonuses Welcome bonuses No wagering bonuses Guide Complaints Browse complaints Complaints overview Opened Unresolved Resolved Rejected Learn more Complaint resolution instructions How we resolve complaints Licensing authorities Submitting complaints to regulators Forum Reviews Tournaments News About us Terms of use Social media Explore the world's biggest source of information about online casinos Up-to-date reviews of all online casinos, bonus database, global community, complaint help, and more. Casinos Games Bonuses Reviews Complaints Forum 10,063 Casinos reviewed + 221 new 19,713 Casino bonuses + 1195 new 22,051 Casino games + 172 new 212,856 Forum posts + 5350 new 63,312 Complaints handled + 1297 new 101 full-time professionals 25+ independent casino reviewers 20+ dedicated complaint specialists 10+ content experts and authors …and many more dedicated online gambling experts Making online gambling better and safer We use our authority to help mistreated players, pursue ambitious initiatives, and persuade casinos to be fairer. Methodical approach to reviews and testing Our casino reviews are based on a data-oriented methodology focused on fairness and player safety. Informing instead of promoting We strive to be the best source of information on online casinos people can use to make better decisions. Learn more about us Online Casinos Online Casinos We review all online casinos, whether they like it or not. Using a complex review methodology, our dedicated casino review team calculates each casino’s Safety Index. This helps us recommend safe and reliable online casinos to our visitors. Reviewed online casinos Show all Show all 200+ data points in each review In each review, we collect and evaluate more than 200 pieces of information about a casino. Casino bonuses Casino Bonuses Our casino bonus database is one of the biggest ones on the internet. On Casino Guru, you can find bonus offers from virtually all online casinos and use our reviews to choose ones offered by reliable online casinos. New bonuses added 200+ new bonuses every week On average, we add more than 200 new casino bonuses into our worldwide database. Games Free Games Our database of free games allows players to enjoy casino games without spending any money and give them a try before spending real money. Currently, you can play more than 18,000 free casino games on Casino Guru. Number of available games Slots Roulette Blackjack Video poker Bingo Baccarat Live games Craps and dice Keno Scratch cards Other games Crash games Tournaments Monthly tournament $1,000 Wisdom of Athena 1000 Xmas - Days : - Hours : - Minutes $43,000+ in prize pools so far Since July 2023, more than 110,000 players have competed for prizes worth $43,000+ in our free tournaments. User reviews User reviews Reviews submitted by other players can tell you a lot about a casino, how it treats its players, and the issues they commonly face while playing. On Casino Guru, players can submit their own reviews and ratings of online casinos, based on which we calculate the casinos' User feedback score. Number of user reviews Very positive Positive Neutral Negative Very negative Write a review From Terrible to Excellent Once a casino receives at least 10 user reviews, we calculate its User feedback score, which ranges from Terrible to Excellent. Forum Forum The Casino Guru Forum is home to the biggest community of online casino players on the internet. Thanks to automatic translations, players can communicate on our Forum even if they do not speak the same language, resulting in a community of players from all around the world. New forum posts Forum categories Show all General Gambling Discussion Everything that’s related to casinos and gambling but doesn’t fit into other categories. 33,498 posts in 1,159 threads Complaints Discussion Are you considering submitting a complaint about a casino? Discuss it with others here. 17,753 posts in 1,377 threads Responsible Gambling Share your experience and help other players. 1,815 posts in 136 threads Competitions Regular competitions for all members. Win free spins, bonuses and cool prizes! 10,715 posts in 180 threads Casinos Anything related to online casinos. 117,074 posts in 4,339 threads Social and Sweepstakes Casinos Discuss social casinos, sweepstakes, coins, and free gameplay experiences. 303 posts in 18 threads Crypto and Crypto Casinos Crypto gambling tips, issues, and platform recommendations. 349 posts in 40 threads Bonuses and Promotions Share the latest bonuses and promotions with others or just discuss them. 7,001 posts in 801 threads Slots Anything related to online slots. 10,704 posts in 2,161 threads Other Casino Games Roulette, blackjack, video poker, baccarat and others. 3,442 posts in 498 threads Game Providers Latest news and discussion about specific game providers and their releases. 1,391 posts in 118 threads Polls We want to hear your voice! Share your opinion in our polls. 1,058 posts in 44 threads Casino Guru News Discussion and feedback related to articles published on Casino Guru News. 768 posts in 452 threads General Discussion Talk about anything! Music, movies, travelling, hobbies… 4,115 posts in 479 threads Sports and Sports Betting Are you interested in sports? Do you even bet on it? Discuss these topics here. 980 posts in 127 threads Feedback and Suggestions Tell us what you like or don’t like about the forum or the entire Casino Guru website. 1,890 posts in 218 threads Latest Posts Hot Threads Show all Show all 1 https://www.cnpmciozgh.net/NNwjRusz5V https://www.cnpmciozgh.net/NNwjRusz5V in
                        [COMPETITION]: $3,000 Christmas Giveaway with Pragmatic Play! in [COMPETITION]: $3,000 Christmas Giveaway with Pragmatic Play! 10 minutes ago anyarpoleconk999 2 Monaco Jack is a casino with top-notch features, excellent support, and tons ... Monaco Jack è un casinò con i contro fiocchi, supporto eccellente e tantissim... in
                        Monaco Jack Casino - general discussion in Monaco Jack Casino - general discussion 26 minutes ago Playuser 3 Ybets is the absolute worst. I have a small withdrawal of 325 dollars that of... Ybets is the absolute worst. I have a small withdrawal of 325 dollars that of... in
                        Ybets Casino - general discussion in Ybets Casino - general discussion 48 minutes ago Bmolke111 4 May I ask is this a nonprofit casino forum? If not, do the casinos pay you ad... May I ask is this a nonprofit casino forum? If not, do the casinos pay you ad... in
                        Wyns Casino - general discussion in Wyns Casino - general discussion 1 hour ago alexcoffin 5 I need help, Radka. I'm requesting a meeting with your team leader to discuss... Ich brauche hilfe Radka. ich bitte sie um besprechung meines falls mit ihrem ... in
                        Anyone experience with Gamba casino? in Anyone experience with Gamba casino? 2 hours ago amigofivetwo 1 Question about Gambling websites with Curaçao license using incorrect Merchan... Question about Gambling websites with Curaçao license using incorrect Merchan... 3,793,439 views 20,031 replies kirekin 2 [COMPETITION]: $3,000 Christmas Giveaway with Pragmatic Play! [COMPETITION]: $3,000 Christmas Giveaway with Pragmatic Play! 44,569 views 446 replies Radka 3 Beware, scam casinos on the rise! Be on the lookout for similar logos - detai... Beware, scam casinos on the rise! Be on the lookout for similar logos - detai... 97,127 views 852 replies Daniel 4 Spinbara Casino - general discussion Spinbara Casino - general discussion 13,645 views 207 replies Gretche70 5 Rizzio Casino - general discussion Rizzio Casino - general discussion 2,228 views 64 replies Ukjaa Automatic translation: Forum without language barriers We use automatic translations to make sure players can communicate even if they do not speak the same language. Complaints Complaints In the Complaint Resolution Center , our Complaints specialists assist players mistreated by online casinos and do everything in our power to get their issues resolved. If you feel like you might have been mistreated or scammed, submit a complaint and let us help you. Handled complaints Resolved complaints In progress Show all Show all 888Starz Casino - Player unable to access funds. Disputed amount: €26 Betrophy Casino - Player believes that their withdrawal has been delayed. Disputed amount: €400 VulkanSpiele Casino - Player's account verification is delayed. Disputed amount: €2,400 SunnyBet Casino - Withdrawal of player's winnings has been delayed. Disputed amount: 37,500 kr iWild Casino - Player's withdrawal is delayed due to verification issues. Disputed amount: 900 kr Lemon Casino - Player’s winnings have been confiscated. Disputed amount: 4,000 zł Rolling Slots Casino - Player's dissatisfied with the verification process. Disputed amount: €500 MonkeyTilt Casino - Player's withdrawal is delayed. Disputed amount: $750 PokerStars Casino - Player's account is closed. Disputed amount: €40 Winsane Casino - Player believes that their withdrawal has been delayed. Disputed amount: €251 LuckyBlock Casino - Player’s account has been closed without reason. Disputed amount: €4,000 Unpublished casino - Withdrawal of player's winnings has been delayed. Disputed amount: €500 Unpublished casino - Player’s withdrawal has been delayed. Disputed amount: €3,000 BetBolt Casino - Player's withdrawal is delayed due to account issues. Disputed amount: $35,400 Jackpotter Casino - Player's withdrawal is delayed. Disputed amount: $219 Vulkan Vegas Casino - Player’s withdrawal and KYC process is delayed. Disputed amount: $430 MyStake Casino - Withdrawal of player's winnings has been delayed. Disputed amount: €2,250 Unpublished casino - Player claims that payment has been delayed. Disputed amount: A$360 Betmaster Casino MX - Player believes that their withdrawal has been delayed. Disputed amount: Mex$60,000 Wazamba Casino - Player’s winnings haven’t been received yet. Disputed amount: $650,000 CLP Fortunica Casino - Player’s withdrawal has been delayed. Disputed amount: £100 Winzter Casino - Player’s winnings haven’t been received yet. Disputed amount: €601 Miami Club Casino - Player claims that payment has been delayed. Disputed amount: $100 Klub28 Casino - Player's winnings are delayed. Disputed amount: 400 USDC 1Bet Casino - Withdrawal of player's winnings has been delayed. Disputed amount: $164 Goldbet Casino - Player’s account has been closed by the casino. Disputed amount: A$2,000 iWild Casino - Player’s account has been closed unexpectedly. Disputed amount: 388 USD₮ 30 Bet Casino - Withdrawal of player's winnings has been delayed. Disputed amount: €386 Gamba Casino - Player’s account has been closed. Disputed amount: 680 USD₮ Sportaza Casino - Player's withdrawal is delayed without clear reason. Disputed amount: 500 CHF 1win Casino - Withdrawal of player's winnings has been delayed. Disputed amount: 6,000,000 ₫ Colibri777 Casino - Player's account has been restricted. Disputed amount: Mex$14,300 $56,413,360 Our complaint specialists helped resolve issues that resulted in $56,413,360 returned to players. Responsible gambling Responsible gambling Being aware of the risks of gambling and staying in check is an essential part of keeping it fun and safe. To help with that, we have a dedicated section about responsible gambling , as well as other tools and resources listed below. Responsible gambling tools and resources Help centers Find a reliable source of help in our database of problem gambling help centers. Find help Responsible gambling forum Share your experience and support each other with people experiencing gambling-related issues. Go to Forum Self-Exclusion Assistance Tool This tool can guide you through the process of self-excluding from all your gambling accounts. Learn more 686 help centers If you are struggling with gambling, it is best to talk with someone with experience. In our database, you can find a range of help centers you can reach out to for immediate support or comprehensive help. Improving standards Setting better standards for the gambling industry 722 changed T&Cs Pushing casinos to create a safer environment Our fair gambling codex describes common areas of conflicts between players and casinos and how we think they should be handled. Blacklisting unfair and predatory casinos Casinos with extremely unfair approach to gambling are placed into our blacklist , so that our visitors know to stay away from them. Awarding badges to fair and safe casinos We created 'fair casino' and 'fair and safe casino' badges to identify gambling sites that are doing things right. Read fair gambling codex 18,853 resolved complaints Helping players get justice We help players that have been mistreated by casinos and try to make things right. Punishing the casinos for unresolved complaints Casinos with unresolved justified complaints get a worse rating from us. Dedicated complaint resolution team Complaints are handled be a team of specialists that know how to analyze the situation and decide what to do. Browse complaints Our impact Making online gambling fairer and safer Many of our efforts revolve around turning online gambling into a fairer and safer activity. This includes reading and evaluating the casinos’ Terms and Conditions as part of our casino review process and doing everything we can to persuade casinos to remove or alter unfair or questionable clauses in accordance with our Fair gambling codex . 722 casinos changed their T&Cs because of our efforts Industry awards and achievements Winner SBC Awards Europe 2025 Winner SBC Awards 2024 Winner Golden boomerang awards 2024 Winner Affpapa iGaming awards 2024 Winner iGB Affiliate Awards 2024 Winner Affpapa iGaming awards 2023 Winner iGB Affiliate Awards 2023 Winner Affpapa iGaming awards 2022 Casino Guru News Show all Michigan woman takes home $100K prize from Super Raffle A fortunate 60-year-old woman won $100,000 from the Michigan Lottery's Super Raffle. 2 min. read Read more Meridianbet introduces new instant sports simulation feature Meridianbet announced the release of a new instant sports simulation feature called Flash Bet. 3 min. read Read more Research: Prediction markets don't necessarily offer superior "odds" to sportsbooks Prediction markets do not necesarily provide a better value to tradiitonal sportsbooks, analysts argue. 3 min. read Read more Casino workers call on Gov. Murphy to ban smoking on gaming floors Casino workers call on governor to close remaining loophole on casino smoking in New Jersey. 3 min. read Read more BGC argues that Boxing Day sees Brits splurge on illegal gambling BGC has argued that Boxing Day sees Brits splurge on illegal gambling. 3 min. read Read more Hacksaw Gaming welcomes Pineapple Play as an OpenRGS partner Hacksaw Gaming welcomes Pineapple Play as an OpenRGS partner. 2 min. read Read more UK gambling centers located in vulnerable areas UK gambling centers are proliferating in vulnerable communities, BBC reports. 2 min. read Read more Australian lottery player wins AU$20m jackpot on Christmas A single division one winning entry for the Christmas drawing of the popular game Powerball scored the life-changing AU$20m prize. 3 min. read Read more Thai soldiers rescue wild animals from Cambodian casino In an operation on the Thai Cambodian border, Thai soldiers rescued five wild animals from a casino complex. 3 min. read Read more $226K in back-to-back jackpots drop at Hard Rock Casino Tejon Hard Rock Casino Tejon pays out more than $226K back-to-back jackpots over the Christmas weekend. 3 min. read Read more China passes new rules around AI chatbots, outlaws gambling-related content China has pitched new draft rules around AI chatbots and regulation aimed to uproot gambling and harmful content. 3 min. read Read more Aleksandra Kozymir: "We see AI as a tool, not replacement" Aleksandra Kozymir, Head of Account Management at Gamzix, talks about the role of AI as a tool, and not replacement of human creativity, and more. 5 min. read Read more Newest content Newest published content Show all 28 Dec 2025 Double Fortune review Double Fortune is a five-reel, three-row, mobile-first slot game by Endorphina. The game comes with 30 fixed paylines and an RTP of 96.22%. The maximum win is very generous at 100,000x your stake. Farah Barry 28 Dec 2025 Sew review You stand a chance to win up to 20,000x your stake amount when you play this spooky slot game by Shady Lady. The RTP is an above-average 96.30%, and the volatility is high. Farah Barry 27 Dec 2025 Bee Keeper review This high RTP (96.53%), high volatility bee-themed slot is packed full of sweet bonuses. Jon Pill 26 Dec 2025 Holy Hand Grenade 2 review Holy Hand Grenade comes with five reels, four rows, and up to 52 paylines. The maximum win amount is 30,000x your stake, and the RTP of the game is average, at 96.01%. Farah Barry 25 Dec 2025 Cat's Blessing review Cat’s Blessing is a medium-high volatility slot with a 96.02% RTP, and a maximum win worth 6,414ₓ the total bet. Charles Perrin 21 Dec 2025 Gold Party 2 After Hours review Gold Party 2 - After Hours is a Pragmatic Play slot with an RTP of 96.50% and a maximum win of 10,312x your stake. The game has 20 fixed paylines and bonus features, including Respins and jackpots. Farah Barry 21 Dec 2025 Marlin Masters The Big Haul review Marlin Masters The Big Haul is a five-reel slot game with 14 paylines. The slot has an RTP of  and the maximum win is 10,000x your stake. Farah Barry 19 Dec 2025 Naughty Wukong review Naughty Wukong is a three-reel slot game by Habanero, with an above average RTP of 96.84%. You’ll have a chance to win a progressive jackpot, which can reach five figures. Farah Barry 18 Dec 2025 Waves of Poseidon review Waves of Posiedon is a six-reel slot by Pragmatic Play, offering a chance to win up to 5,000x your stake. The RTP is above average at 96.55%. Farah Barry 17 Dec 2025 Big Bass Boxing Bonus Round review Big Bass Boxing Bonus Round is a five-reel slot by Pragmatic Play, part of the Big Bass series. The game has an RTP of 96.50%, high volatility, and a Free Spins round that can be re-triggered. Farah Barry 17 Dec 2025 Mastercard, Made Easy: The Top US Online Casinos Accepting Mastercard in 2025 Find the best online casinos that accept Mastercard in 2025. Compare fast deposits, bonuses, secure payments, and trusted real money play. William Macmaster 17 Dec 2025 MultiSlot Demo Slots and Casino Games Looking for MultiSlot games? Browse our selection of MultiSlot demo games on Casino Guru and find one that fits your preferences. 17 Dec 2025 ACH & eCheck Casinos 2025 – Click, Clear, and Play On Find the top ACH and eCheck casinos for 2025 – compare fast deposits and secure bank transfers at trusted real money and sweepstakes sites. William Macmaster 14 Dec 2025 Lucky Mouse review Lucky Mouse is a medium volatility, Chinese zodiac-themed slot with an RTP of 96.57% and a maximum win amount of 1,000x your bet. Charles Perrin 14 Dec 2025 Potion Power review Potion Power is a highly volatile, high RTP (96.65%) alchemy-themed slot carrying a maximum win worth 20,000x your total bet. Charles Perrin 13 Dec 2025 Emoji Riches review Emoji Riches is a six-reel slot by PG Soft, which uses the Cluster Pays mechanism. The game has an RTP of 96.78%, and the volatility is medium. The maximum win amount is high, at 25,000x. Farah Barry Play for Free Watch live stream View screenshots Watch trailer Play Gamalyze 100% free / No limits Play for Real Money My list Show more info Follow us Top pages PayPal casinos Rapid Transfer casinos Revolut casinos Casinos with blackjack Casinos with craps Trending pages Pay by Phone casinos Mastercard casinos POLi casinos Neosurf casinos Casino Guru Online Casinos Games Bonuses No Deposit Bonuses Complaints Forum Reviews ZOOMin News Casino Guru Awards About us About us History Team Contact Terms of use Sitemap Casino Guru Academy Free professional educational courses for online casino employees aimed at industry best practices, improving player experience, and fair approach to gambling. Global Self-Exclusion Initiative An initiative we launched with the goal to create a global self-exclusion system, which will allow vulnerable players to block their access to all online gambling opportunities. Gamtegrity A platform created to showcase all of our efforts aimed at bringing the vision of a safer and more transparent online gambling industry to reality. Casino Guru Awards An ambitious project whose goal is to celebrate the greatest and the most responsible companies in iGaming and give them the recognition they deserve. Subscribe to our newsletter Insert your e-mail Insert your e-mail Subscribe I am at least 18 years old and legally allowed to play in a casino Play responsibly and in moderation. Casino.guru is an independent source of information about online casinos and online casino games, not controlled by any gambling operator. All our reviews and guides are created honestly, according to the best knowledge and judgement of the members of our independent expert team; however, they are intended for informative purposes only and should not be construed as, nor relied upon as, legal advice. You should always make sure that you meet all regulatory requirements before playing in any selected casino.
Copyright ©2025 We sent you an e-mail Check your inbox and click the link we sent to: [email protected] The link will expire in 72 hours. Check your 'Spam' or 'Promotions' folder or click the button below. Resend e-mail OK Confirmation e-mail has been sent again. What’s your opinion on Casino Guru? Share your feedback Follow us on social media – Daily posts, no deposit bonuses, new slots, and more Receive news and fresh no deposit bonuses from us Subscribe to our personalized newsletter We will not share your e-mail address with any 3rd party Choose what e-mails you receive from us and unsubscribe at any time Subscribe E-mail address not valid I am at least 18 years old and legally allowed to play in a casino By submitting your e-mail address, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy We sent you an e-mail Check your inbox and click the link we sent to: [email protected] The link will expire in 72 hours. E-mail not received? Check your 'Spam' or 'Promotions' folder or click the button below. Resend e-mail Change e-mail address Confirmation e-mail has been sent again. Subscribe to our newsletter for no deposit bonuses, free tournaments, new slots, and more. Redirecting… You will soon be redirected to the casino’s website. Please wait. If you use some ad blocking software, please check its settings.