CAST | Until learning has no limits. Skip to main content Listen UDL Guidelines AEM CITES Donate Contact Us Menu .cls-1{fill:#fff} Open site search panel Open language translation panel Select a language to translate this page Link to the CAST store What We Do Our Impact Connect Resources About Go to cart UDL Guidelines AEM CITES Donate Contact Us What We Do Universal Design for Learning (UDL) PreK-12 Professional Development Postsecondary Professional Development Workforce Professional Development Research Publishing Partnerships Evidence & Benefits of UDL Accessibility & Inclusive Technology Artificial Intelligence & UDL Our Impact Case Studies Projects Annual Report & Financial Information CAST in the News Connect Events UDL-Con: International Online Community Podcast Newsletter & Mailing List Newsroom Resources Courses UDL Credentials Books & Media Catalog UDL Product Certification Schoolwide Implementation Criteria Tips & Articles Whitepapers Digital Tools About Mission & Vision Team Board Funders & Partners Careers Contact Search Search: Submit Until learning has no limits At CAST, we know that barriers to learning are in education design, not individual learners. We invented UDL to help break down these barriers so that all learners can shape their own learning journey and reach their potential. We elevate learning at every level with meticulous research and innovative professional development. Discover how we innovate for learning Join our new UDL and AI Learning Community! CAST’s UDL and AI Learning Community is a collaborative space for educators, researchers, and practitioners to explore how artificial intelligence can support inclusive education through the lens of Universal Design for Learning . Join the UDL and AI Learning Community today Universal Design for Learning Created by CAST,  Universal Design for Learning (UDL) framework is based on extensive research and years of implementation. It aims to develop successful and inclusive learning experiences for learners of all levels, abilities, and backgrounds. Learn more about UDL Explore the UDL Guidelines What can CAST do for you? At CAST, we are working to transform education so it is engaging, accessible and inclusive. We are committed to designing experiences and environments that maximize individual potential through comprehensive research, high-quality professional development, and tools tailored to educators and learners in any environment. Explore our many resources and services for an in-depth look at what we do. PreK-12 Professional Development Workforce Professional Development Publishing Evidence Postsecondary Professional Development Research Partnerships Accessibility A global community fostering positive change With decades of innovation in the learning space, we are prouder than ever that our worldwide community has championed Universal Design for Learning and other CAST-defined principles for inclusive education globally. 40+ Years of empowered learning 19k Teachers reached in 2024 21 Countries served around the world 42 States impacted by UDL in 2024 Contact Us Donate Now Learn More about ReadSpeaker Join our community Subscribe to our newsletter UDL Guidelines Careers Financial information Media inquiries LinkedIn Bluesky X/Twitter YouTube © CAST, Inc. 2025 Accessibility Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Notice