The podcast hosting platform for growing brands | Castos Skip to content Menu Menu Product Hosting Podcast hosting and distribution Private Podcasting Secure access to private subscribers Mobile App Concierge private podcasting experience Hybrid Podcasting Free and Paid Content To Your Audience WordPress Seriously Simple Podcasting Plugin Enterprise Solutions White glove assistance for your podcasts Features Custom Website Get a free website as unique as your podcast Automatic Podcast Transcriptions Spend time creating your podcast not transcribing it Dynamic Ads Automatically place highly relevant ads in all your episodes Get Paid To Podcast Accept payments directly from your listeners YouTube Republishing Reach your audience on the largest search engine Podcast Analytics Grow your Audience with the right analytics Services Award Winning Podcast Editing Service Done For You Production Of Every Episode Podcast Launch Service Launch Your Podcast The Right Way Podcast Gallery Check Out A Few Of The Shows We Work With Pricing Resources Resources Our Blog Integrations Help Center Guides Free Podcast Tools Castos’ YouTube Channel How to Start a Podcast Guide Podcasts Castos Original Podcasts We Turn Your Brand Into A Media Brand Log In Get Started For Free From Audience To Income: Castos Makes It Possible Transform your podcast from a hobby into an income earning machine. Get Started For Free Podcast Hosting Trusted by the top creators in the industry Distribution Focus on Your Content, Not the Logistics The key to growing your podcast is reaching your audience wherever they already listen and watch content. With Castos, you can distribute your show on all major listening platforms effortlessly. Distribute Everywhere Spotify, Apple Podcasts and more. We’ve Got You Covered We make it easy to get set-up, then from there Castos distributes your podcasts automatically to all the top podcast directories… every time you click publish. Unlimited Everything Just Keep Publishing We’ll never nickel and dime you for storage, podcasts, or episodes. WordPress Top Rated WordPress Plugin If your website runs on WordPress you gotta be on Seriously Simple Podcasting. Detailed Analytics Create More Content That Is Working With Your Audience The key to growing a huge show is listening to what your audience loves. Do this at Castos through our industry-leading analytics dashboard Audience Growth Expand Your Reach and Engage More Listeners The most challenging part of podcasting is growing your audience. Castos offers a few great ways to grow your audience, on autopilot. Offer Subscriber Benefits Hybrid podcasting. One show. Every kind of listener. Combine public and private content into one. Offer ad-free episodes, early access, bonus content, and more. Easily connect to Apple Podcasts Subscriptions and start monetizing today. YouTube Republishing Access a whole new audience Your podcast should be on YouTube, and this does it automatically for you. Transcripts Transcripts in 19 languages Boosts discoverability, accessibility, SEO, and content repurposing. Customizable Websites Your Podcast Needs A Great Looking Website Your podcast needs a place to call home, a place where your audience can come to enjoy all of your content, follow you, and engage, we make that super easy at Castos with a built in website. Monetization Turn Your Podcast into a Revenue Stream Finally, get paid to create great content. Castos offers more ways to make money podcasting than any platform in the industry. Castos Ads Enable One-Click Ads On All Your Episodes The easiest way to make money from your podcast is with Castos Ads – dynamic ad insertion into every episode of your podcasts with no effort only rewards. Castos Commerce Accept Listener Donations Make more by accepting one time or recurring donations from your fans. Paid Subscriptions Enable Recurring Payments The 7th Wonder of Business is Recurring Revenue – unlock that with subscriptions. Private Podcasting Give A Premium Experience To Your Best Audience Share bonus episodes, ad-free content, or behind-the-scenes clips with private podcast subscribers. Castos integrates with Kit, Zapier, Stripe, WordPress, and more. Prodcast Resources Excellent podcasts deserve excellent resources. Superhero-level support is here. Our support team is second to none, and has you covered, regardless of what you need help with in your podcasting journey. Success, Guides, and Gear. We haven’t just written “the” book on podcasting, we’ve written several. Castos has the definitive blog on podcasting on the internet. Our Blog In-depth technical walkthroughs. If you have a question about how part of the Castos platform works, we’ve got an answer for you. Creator Knowledge Hub Level up your podcasting know-how. The Castos YouTube channel is your home for everything podcasting. From gear reviews to how to get started, to exploring monetization. YouTube Channel You record, our team will handle the rest. Castos Productions handles all of the audio and video editing, creates short video clips for social media , and posts episodes for you. Productions Services Testimonials Join thousands of happy podcasters We go the extra mile to ensure all your podcasting questions are answered and any technical concerns are addressed. Our track record speaks for itself. I sent in a functionality issue and it was immediately acknowledged and resolved. So impressed! Responsive and effective. Jeff Hogan That was such a quick response and I appreciate that Support simply fixed the problem. I had assumed ti was going to take a few days of going back and forth. Whew! Thanks. Nicole Schiavi Very helpful and proactive, many thanks! Jaska Jost Amazing customer service. I received detailed, step-by-step instructions on how to do what I needed to do. I am more than satisfied! All of my questions were answered in detail. Natalie The Castos support is always incredible helpful and knowledgeable! Raphael Margreiter Prompt replies Very knowledgeable Great service all around Chad Colwell Such a fantastic, thorough reply, and exactly the help I needed – above and beyond! James Jordan Excellent customer support, as always! Geony Ayyad Absolutely fantastic support. Clear and concise communication. Support took their time making sure they had the correct information and walked me through all of my questions. Joe REALLY appreciate the level of response and time to explain in detail the reply to my questions. Excellent : ) Shonagh Very helpful, knowledgable, and quick to respond! Frank Gallo This is the best tech support I’ve encountered – certainly in the podcast hosting space. Great work! Sol Hanna I’ve never had someone solve an IT issue so quickly and completely with one quick answer (that wasn’t obvious — a conflict between 2 unrelated plugins). This saved me hours of frustration. Also, a really polite and thorough email. Adam Johnston The Castos team were super helpful digging into some stubborn bugs in our feed after we migrated our feed from FeedBlitz to Castos. I really appreciate continued effort to get the job done! Thanks to everyone who chipped in! Ron Support helped me solve a problem I’ve been working on for so long and did so in such an easy to follow and digestible way. Thank you SOOOO much!!!! Dania Load More Resources Catch the latest resources from our team Castos Creators Castos Creator Spotlight: Janel and Anna from Flying the Coop The people behind great podcasts This is the first edition of our Creator Spotlight series, where we highlight the people behind the podcasts and the thoughtful work they’re bringing into … Jimmy Baum December 12, 2025 3 min read Podcast Equipment Best Microphones for Podcasting in 2025: Complete Buyer’s Guide Your microphone is the one piece of gear that can make or break your entire show. Seriously: people will put up with a lot, but muffled, echoey, or tinny audio? … Craig Hewitt December 10, 2025 12 min read Content Creation How to Screen Record on iPhone: Podcast Creator Guide How to Screen Record on iPhone: Complete Guide for Podcast Creators Most podcasters focus exclusively on audio, but your iPhone’s screen recording feature can be a secret weapon for growing … Craig Hewitt December 9, 2025 17 min read Podcast Your Passion Castos is the podcast hosting platform for creators. Here you can grow your audience and monetize your podcast with ease. Experience Castos for Free Castos runs entirely on renewable energy . Switching Import Your Podcast to Castos Libsyn Alternative Buzzsprout Alternative Podbean Alternative Soundcloud Alternative Simplecast Alternative Blubrry Alternative PowerPress Alternative Anchor Alternative Resources Need Help? Blog Castos Originals Castos’ YouTube Channel REST API Integrations Contact Tempo Style Guide Free Podcast Tools Company About Us Meet the Castos Team Company News Promise to the Environment Systems Status What’s New Reviews Payments Policy Refund Policy Castos, Inc 1209 North Orange St. Wilmington, DE 19801 Product Private Podcasting Solutions Hybrid Podcasting Seriously Simple Podcasting WordPress plugin YouTube Republishing Automatic Podcast Transcriptions Podcast Analytics Done Right Editing and Production Service Castos Mobile App For Private Podcasting Customizable Podcast Website Castos AI Assistant Affiliates Partners Press Privacy Terms Disclaimer © 2025, Castos Inc. All Rights Reserved.