Home Skip to main content Main Content Site traffic information and cookies We use cookies to collect and analyse information on our site's performance and to enable the site to function. Cookies also allow us and our partners to show you relevant ads when you visit our site and other 3rd party websites, including social networks. You can choose to allow all cookies by clicking 'Allow all', or manage them individually by clicking 'Manage cookie preferences', where you will also find more information. Allow all Reject all Manage cookie preferences Contact us Follow us bp global Worldwide Search Search Suggestions View all results previous Home Products Industries Services Partner with us Learn Sustainability About Castrol Contact us Follow us bp global Worldwide next Product finder Industries product finder Where to buy Authorised distributors Product data sheets close overlay Search Suggestions View all results bp agrees to sell a 65% shareholding in Castrol bp agrees to sell a 65% shareholding in Castrol to Stonepeak, provides great opportunity for Castrol to unleash its growth potential. Details here Hybrid Horizons Car manufacturers, motorsport pioneers and technical experts discussed the future of hybrid mobility. Discover expert insights, cutting-edge tech, upcoming innovations, and more. Explore Hybrid Horizons Power meets profit technical paper Discover how Castrol's advanced lubricants helped boost wind turbine output by 0.72% in a DNV-audited two-year field trial. Our global sponsorships Castrol is proud to partner with some of the biggest teams and brands across the world of motorsport Fleetmasters - Powered by Castrol Castrol’s dedicated content hub to accelerate Commercial Vehicle Fleet Managers personal and fleet performance. Explore Fleetmasters Welcome to the Castrol Global website. Click here to choose another country or region to see content specific to your location. Moving forward At Castrol, we’re breaking boundaries and moving forwards on a pathway of change. 125 years of Castrol In 2024, we celebrated 125 years of looking forward - embracing change and pushing boundaries. Castrol: 125 years forward 2024 marks a momentous 125th anniversary milestone for Castrol, this video showcases some of these milestones and our new ‘Onward, Upward, Forward’ strategy Automotive From cars to motorbikes, Castrol supply lubricants for vehicles across the globe. Cars Bikes Commercial vehicles Castrol's high quality engine oils, fluids and greases help maintain the reliability and productivity of commercial vehicles. Find out more Service & maintenance Thousands of workshops worldwide trust our expertise. Find out more Industrial We keep the wheels of industrial businesses turning, boosting efficiency and productivity while reducing downtime and environmental impact. Find out more Marine We keep the marine industry moving, offering products, consultancy, and technical solutions for fleets and shipping. Find out more Oil & gas From Surface to Seabed, we help you optimise your operations with high quality lubricants, expert support and global capability. Find out more Castrol in Space Castrol provide lubricants for equipment that faces the most extreme conditions when your application performance is crucial. Read more Castrol on Mars podcast series Listen to podcasts inspired by our work on Mars as we transport you to some of the most inhospitable environments on Earth. Read more Sustainability Castrol’s PATH360 strategy aims to embrace circular thinking – looking at the life-cycle of Castrol’s existing and new products, to see how they can be improved, extended, reused or recycled. As well as supports new and growing sectors, like renewable energy and e-mobility with products and services. Sustainability - PATH360 We have developed a holistic programme to help accelerate the move to a more sustainable future - PATH360. Automotive partnerships Motorsport sponsorships Castrol Limited Copyright © 1999-2025 MSDS/PDS Cookie preferences Legal notice Privacy statement Sitemap HSSE policy Castrol product warranty and guarantee