Castify.ai: Build, distribute & monetize your OTT app with cutting-edge technology + Contact us Please click the box: Send Our Solutions CTV & OTT apps Enhance Your Reach and Monetize with Castify.ai's Cutting-Edge CTV & OTT Apps. CTV for Content Owners CTV for Brands CTV & OTT Advertising Explore Castify.ai's advanced advertising offerings to reach a larger audience on CTV and OTT. CTV advertising solutions CTV advertising for Branding Performance TV CTV ad formats CTV & OTT Monetization Learn about our Robust Content Monetization Solutions with premium & unique demand. CTV apps monetization Premium Demand Global Coverage Reporting System FAST Channels Castify.ai allows you to build and distribute your own linear channel. Build a Fast Channel What is FAST TV Our FAST Solutions OTT SDK Learn more about how to monetize across CTV and Mobile with developer-friendly integration. OTT SDK Solution SDK Features Supported Formats Company About Blog News Room Events Careers Our Team FAQ Our Solutions CTV & OTT apps Enhance Your Reach and Monetize with Castify.ai's Cutting-Edge CTV & OTT Apps. CTV for Content Owners CTV for Brands CTV for Sports CTV for Education Castify for Brands CTV for Non-Profit Organizations CTV & OTT Advertising Explore Castify.ai's advanced advertising offerings to reach a larger audience on CTV and OTT. CTV advertising solutions CTV advertising for Branding Performance TV CTV ad formats OTT & CTV Monetization Learn about our Robust Content Monetization Solutions with premium & unique demand. CTV apps monetization Premium Demand Global Coverage Reporting System FAST Channels Castify.ai allows you to build and distribute your own linear channel Build a Fast Channel What is FAST TV Our FAST Solutions OTT SDK Learn more about how to monetize across CTV and Mobile with developer-friendly integration. OTT SDK Solution SDK Features Supported Formats Company About Blog News Room Our Team FAQs Careers Contact Us Log In Sign Up Build. Distribute. Monetize. All across the OTT world. We offer seamless cross-platform content distribution and monetization, with zero financial risk! How It Works Request a demo + 1Castify.ai is your gateway to the OTT world! A simplified way to build, distribute and monetize
                your content via VOD applications or FAST channels. Premium features Castify.ai provides you with all the features you need for
                        maximum success - VOD, Linear Fast channels, FAST channels,
                        Fully customizable applications, content management access,
                        transcoding and CDNs, Multi-Language applications, analytics
                        and reporting. Monetize OTT applications Castify.ai helps you increase revenue through its powerful
                        monetization engine. Our platform offers a variety of advertising
                        opportunities, including in-stream and overlay ads, sponsorships, etc. Reach growth, made simple Castify.ai simplifies the creation of OTT apps and allows
                        you to seamlessly launch your content on multiple OTT platforms
                        and increase your reach to 200+ million homes worldwide.
                        Provide access to your content on any OTT device at any time,
                        such as: smart TVs, smartphones, tablets, and personal computers. Focus on your content Let Castify.ai handle building, onboarding, distributing,
                        monetizing and maintaining your OTT applications so you can
                        concentrate on what you do best - producing quality content. I VOD I Linear FAST I Live I OTT Web I applications Request a demo Our package includes OTT application and friendly web version: No development fees No upfront license fees No monthly license fees Fully managed technology stack with no existing services required Customizable colors,logos, artwork, and layouts Full feature set Diverse monetization solutions Why choose Castify? Instead of investing years and millions of dollars on in-house application development,
                Castify provides the perfect solution: a professional OTT app / Linear channel, tailored for your brand, monetized across
                multiple OTT platforms and risk-free! Among our partners Now is the time Build your own VOD and linear channel OTT app Grow Streaming your content on all OTT platforms
                        will increase your reach and maximize your content potential. Take the Lead While the OTT audience rapidly grows,
                        there are very few apps available.
                        Platform's app stores are in need of quality content. Monetization Maximize your monetization capabilities and take full control.
                        Monetize your assets through in-stream and overlay ads, sponsorships and more... Rise OTT technology delivers enormous potential for many verticals as
                        people's ways of consuming content are rapidly changing. Video streaming services are on the rise globally. Premium Experience Through OTT and CTV applications, content creators can deliver a five-star “Netlflix”- type experience to their viewers. Simplified and Seamless Castify enables you to launch your OTT service simply, smartly,
                        and efficiently. Let us help you take your content distribution to the next level. We can help you grow, Contact us today! Request a demo All Dashboards Castify.ai provides you with an optimized UX app with all
                the features you need for maximum success - Fully
                customizable applications, content management access, FAQ's + What is Castify? Castify is a smart automatic tool which allows content owners to monetize their content across multiple platforms:
                                CTV (Roku, AppleTV, LG, Sony, Amazon Fire TV and more), mobile (Android, iOS), Social media (Facebook, Telegram) and web. + How does it work? You take care of creating your video content and uploading it to at least one platform.
                                We will then handle all the technical aspects of pulling your videos content and publishing it to all platforms you choose. + Which type of channels do you accept? We work with many creators with different channel sizes. We have many variables we take into account when considering our partners,
                            therefore it’s best to apply here , and one of our experts will get back to you shortly. + How long does the upgrade process take? From the moment you open an account and submit your channel’s URL, it’ll take between 3-7 business days to get things started. + How do I contact you? You can contact us by simply filling out this From and one of our experts will get back to you shortly. + How can I track my income? Once you’ve opened your account, you’ll be able to access real-time numbers dashboard and monitor your success. + How does Castify generate revenue? Revenue comes from displaying premium ads by utilizing our vast advertising network.
                            We integrate pre/post/mid roll ads, always optimized to great user experience and best possible income. + How do I withdraw my funds? We support – PayPal , Wire Transfer and all other major transaction tools. + What's the process of creating my channels? Once you open your account, there are a few steps we need to take in order to create your different channels.
                            The flow is best described in our onboarding document + Download the PDF now Please click the box: Our Solutions CTV & OTT Advertising CTV advertising solutions CTV advertising for Branding Performance TV CTV ad formats CTV & OTT Monetization CTV apps monetization Premium Demand Global Coverage Reporting System Fast Channels Build a Fast Channe What is FAST TV Our FAST Solutions OTT SDK OTT SDK Solution SDK Features Supported Formats CTV & OTT apps CTV for Content Owners CTV for Brands Company About Blog News Room Our Team Careers Events FAQ Ambassador Program Brand Book Social Impact Contact Us Founded in 2019, Castify.ai leads in the CTV sector, offering innovative solutions for CTV entertainment,
                        monetization and advertising. It enables video content owners to create branded OTT and CTV apps and
                        channels with ease, streamlining distribution across platforms. Castify.ai integrates efficient
                        monetization, ensuring high optimized yields. Positioned as a pioneer in programmatic CTV advertising,
                        it allows content owners to expand their audience while focusing on quality content production. Media-Kit Onboarding-Kit Terms of Service End User Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Castify ©2025 All rights reserved