Catalyst | Inclusive Workplace Solutions and Research Catalyst About us Our approach Events Insights Catalyst Recommended Allyship and advocacy Recruitment and retention Employee wellness Amplify your impact this season By donating to Catalyst or enabling corporate matching, you invest in research that drives cultural transformation, convenings that accelerate leadership, and proven solutions that embed inclusion into business practice at scale. Donate today International Men's Day webinar Our 19 November webinar explored how creating safer, more supportive workplaces for men helps bridge divides and builds better workplaces everyone. Watch recording Fuel Catalyst Canada Forward The next 25 years won’t run on autopilot. They need fuel. Fuel the movement. Bring someone to the table. Refer a company to join Catalyst today. Learn more Pre-order Men at Work today Get your copy of Men at Work: The Roadmap to Gender Partnership by Jennifer McCollum, CEO, Catalyst Learn more Chart a new path to inclusion Discover new benchmarks and start navigating today's socio-political landscape confidently. Read the report Start building a cohesive workplace Discover a suite of engaging learning that equips every team member to build inclusive cultures through partnership. Become a Supporter Start addressing systemic workplace challenges Transform your workplace with research-backed inclusive workplace solutions that fuel performance, retention, and organizational success. Explore solutions Inspire change with expert speakers Create empowering events with expert speakers who spark meaningful dialogue. Book a speaker 480+ resources to unlock 50k gender equity advocates 60+ years of proven  impact 24M employees  supported Invest in your organization Gain access to research-backed solutions, events, communities, and insights that drive real business outcomes. Become a Supporter Insights Our research and insights address the most pressing challenges impacting workplaces today. Communities Tap into a global network of leaders and advocates dedicated to fostering inclusive workplaces. Events From expert-led webinars to dynamic conferences, our events inspire action and provide tools to create meaningful change. Solutions Create inclusive workplaces that help you attract and retain talent at all levels with our proven workshops, speakers, and learning programs. In the limelight Season 2 is live! From bold minds to big shifts, this is workplace inclusion redefined. Can robots teach leaders empathy? What can poets teach us about upskilling a workforce? Join Victoria Kuketz and Tara Van Bommel as they talk with innovators shaking up how we work, lead, and live. Listen now Report Inclusion works: 2026 global trends report Report The powerful business impact of HR measurement practices Report Gender norm stress and interrupting sexism at work Report Driving pay equity in the United Kingdom Popular resources How to navigate the changing 2025 landscape and conflicting demands Catalyst guide to Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) Risks of retreat: The enduring inclusion imperative Menopause support toolkit Resources for every level Start shaping the workplace of tomorrow. Supporter companies empower change agents across their organizations with exclusive tools, resources, and programming. Become a Supporter HR leaders Drive innovation, boost employee retention, and attract top talent with data-driven insights and solutions that create inclusive workplaces. Chief diversity officers Level up your inclusion and equity initiatives and scale your impact with research-backed tools, solutions, and strategies. People and culture practitioners Build programs and strategies that drive real business impact within a shifting legal, political, and economic landscape. ERG leaders Enhance your inclusive leadership skills and achieve goals like elevating your ERG programming and company culture by learning. Business leaders Harness the power of inclusive leadership to inspire followership, foster innovation, increase productivity, and attract top talent. Learning and development leaders Prepare your workforce for the future by equipping leaders, managers, and advocates with essential soft skills to build inclusive workplaces. 350+ organizations turn to Catalyst to build inclusive workplaces Discover the benefits Why Catalyst? Our approach Our team Our news Our careers 60 years of proven impact Catalyst has been a trusted partner in our firm's inclusive and intersectional work to eliminate systemic barriers for women in our workplace and in the communities we serve. Their cutting-edge research supports our work in advancing women into positions of leadership in the legal profession. Charlene Theodore Chief Inclusion Officer, McCarthy Tétrault​ Catalyst has really leaned in and works with so many of our partner organizations, but also their initiatives really put a heavy emphasis on how we empower women of color to make sure that they are rising up into the C-suite. Catalyst to me is the gold standard of empowerment for underrepresented communities. Cid Wilson CEO, HACR I mean, when you hear something from Catalyst, you know that it's going to be good. You know that there's going to be data and resources to back it up and support it. They are the paramount company when it comes to advancing women in the workplace. Angela Bretz SVP, Human Resources Business Partner, Nationwide We've now put about 400 people leaders -- mostly men, of course, [participate in MARC] as we know the formula: It's about 80% men, 20% women in workshops – and frontline leaders through the workshop. We're seeing a difference, especially in some of the organizations that have put more of their people leaders through. Vivian Yoanidis Senior Manager of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, Hydro One One of the ways that Catalyst has really partnered with us is helping us think about what the future of diversity, equity, and inclusion work looks like for us and how we're able to achieve it in a way that gives us a global lens based upon national and truly global best practices. Davis Bubas Senior Director, UPMC Center for Engagement and Inclusion Like many others, we were just not aware of the biases that we had and the impact that has had on women in our workplace…and with that awareness comes understanding, and through understanding, then you’re empowered to act. Tuong Lee Technology and Innovation Executive, Enbridge MARC was an awakening....it equipped me with the skills to feel like I had the courage to engage in these [difficult] conversations and to question everything I knew and that I had been conditioned with. Alex Lambros Asset Development Engineer, Global ERG Leader, Chevron Join 400+ global Supporter organizations Make diversity and inclusion your strategic advantage. Start creating high-performing workplaces, unlock new levels of productivity, and prepare for what’s next. Become a Supporter Catalyst Newsroom LinkedIn newsletter Careers Donate Become a Supporter LinkedIn Instagram YouTube © 2025 Catalyst Inc. Privacy notice Cookie policy Terms of use Contact us Brand center Trust center Catalyst © 2025 Catalyst Inc.