Catholic News, Commentary, Information, Resources, and the Liturgical Year | Catholic Culture CatholicCulture.org HOME News Home Important Popular Week Month Archives About CWN Commentary Home Reviews Most Popular Overall Most Popular by Author Archives Liturgical Year Today Blog December Calendar December Overview Christmas Season Overview Prayers Activities Recipes Resources Home Library What You Need to Know Catholic Dictionary Catechism Church Fathers Most Collection Free eBooks Podcasts Home The Catholic Culture Podcast Catholic Culture Audiobooks Way of the Fathers Criteria: The Catholic Film Podcast Connect Home Social Media eNewsletters Site Tour Feeds Contact Us Subscribe/Login Donate Faithful Catholic resources depend on your faithful support. Pledge your monthly support now. DONATE TODAY Commentary A look back at 2025, Catholic Culture and me Peter Wolfgang, Dec 31 My last day on this job Phil Lawler, Dec 31 It’s not the same Phil Lawler, Dec 30 The Virginity and Celibacy of the Holy Family Fr. Jerry Pokorsky, Dec 29 Payback Time: A Christmas Story Phil Lawler, Dec 23 The Guardian of the Covenant Fr. Jerry Pokorsky, Dec 22 Norman Podhoretz and David Carlin, RIP Peter Wolfgang, Dec 20 What Chesterton wrote to his wife when she entered the Church Dr. Jeff Mirus, Dec 18 What sort of bullies pick on the Little Sisters of the Poor? Phil Lawler, Dec 17 More Commentary Podcasts Edgelords, Profanity, & Taming the Tongue w/ Matthew Schmitz Catholic Culture Podcast, Dec 16 Christian Poetry Around the Globe w/ Burl Horniachek Catholic Culture Podcast, Dec 12 5.25 St. John Henry Newman: The Doctor of Friendship Way of the Fathers, Nov 26 Adoption drama: Secrets & Lies (1996) Criteria: The Catholic Film Podcast, Nov 24 The Most Dangerous Man in England: Newman and the Laity—Paul Shrimpton Catholic Culture Podcast, Nov 21 5.23 St. John Henry Newman: The Convert Doctor Way of the Fathers, Nov 12 More Podcasts News Pope, in Christmas message, proclaims Christ as our peace, says responsibility is ‘sure way to peace’ Dec 25 CWN Pope Leo, in year-end homily, reflects on the Virgin Mary’s role in God’s plan Dec 31 CWN Pope, at audience, wraps up Jubilee Year Dec 31 CWN Follow the Incarnate Word on the ‘rugged road of peace,’ Pope preaches on Christmas Day Dec 25 CWN Pope Leo: Do not let the world’s mirages suffocate Christian family love Dec 29 CWN Let us be reborn, as St. Stephen was, Pope tells pilgrims Dec 29 CWN Nearly 3.2 million attended papal events at the Vatican in 2025, highest figure since 2016 Dec 31 CWN Pope pays tribute to St. Thomas of Villanova Dec 30 CWN Pope encourages youth at Taizé meeting to seek Christ Dec 29 CWN More News Daily Content Wed 31 December Christmas Seventh Day within the Octave of Christmas; Opt Mem of St. Sylvester I, Pope It is the Seventh Day within the Octave of the Nativity of the Lord [Christmas]. The Church celebrates the Optional Memorial of St. Sylvester I, Pope and Confessor (died… Learn more about this day. December Calendar › Christmas: December 31st Seventh Day within the Octave of Christmas; Opt Mem of St. Sylvester I, Pope It is the Seventh Day within the Octave of the Nativity of the Lord [Christmas]. The Church... More Check this space throughout today for emerging news headlines and commentary. Today's readings My last day on this job Phil Lawler A look back at 2025, Catholic Culture and me Peter Wolfgang Pope, at audience, wraps up Jubilee Year CWN Pope Leo, in year-end homily, reflects on the Virgin Mary’s role in God’s plan CWN Nearly 3.2 million attended papal events at the Vatican in 2025, highest figure since 2016 CWN Vatican official calls on Muslims to denounce violence, decries Nigerian government’s ineffectiveness CWN 2 priests attacked in Nigeria CWN 46 Catholic churches in Germany deconsecrated in 2025 CWN Rome’s mayor expresses satisfaction with jubilee CWN Vatican newspaper, in year-end editorial, warns that AI’s military use threatens peace CWN Ukrainian bishop criticizes Trump administration’s position on war CWN Vatican marks anniversary of Pope Benedict’s death with 2 Masses CWN Portuguese episcopal commission denounces rise in military spending CWN Missouri-based anti-Catholic newspaper had more than 1 million subscribers CWN Anglican prelate announces new breakaway sect CWN Background: World Day of Peace 2026 CWN See more news from CWN and other outlets Christmas: December 30th Sixth Day within the Octave of Christmas The Christmas Octave with its variety of feasts and rich liturgy gives great... More Today's readings It’s not the same Phil Lawler Pope pays tribute to St. Thomas of Villanova CWN DDF consultor: Marian title of Co-Redemptrix may be used in popular devotion CWN 17 Catholic missionaries killed in 2025 CWN Puerto Rico: new law extends all legal rights to unborn children CWN Over 200 Nigerian priests kidnapped in last decade CWN Leading Congolese prelate welcomes papal peace call CWN Ukrainian Catholic leader speaks of ‘increasingly dire’ situation CWN Cardinal Tagle recounts trips to Muslim nations CWN US bishops underscore virtue of hope as 2025 jubilee year closes in dioceses CWN Vatican newspaper highlights mining pollution in DR Congo CWN For San Diego bishop, protecting immigrants is personal CWN See more news from CWN and other outlets Christmas: December 29th Fifth Day within the Octave of the Nativity of the Lord (Christmas); Opt Mem of St. Thomas Becket, Bishop and Martyr Today is the Fifth day within the Octave of Christmas. The Church celebrates the Optional Memorial of St. Thomas Becket (1118-1170), bishop and martyr. He was born in London and after studying in Paris, he first became... More Today's readings The Virginity and Celibacy of the Holy Family Fr. Jerry Pokorsky Let us be reborn, as St. Stephen was, Pope tells pilgrims CWN Pope Leo: Do not let the world’s mirages suffocate Christian family love CWN Pope encourages youth at Taizé meeting to seek Christ CWN Irish archbishops question Vatican report on female deacons CWN Papal humanitarian aid for Ukraine CWN Pope sees dangerous rise in gambling CWN Strive for Christian unity, Ecumenical Patriarch urges in Christmas encyclical CWN Amid pre-election violence, leading Ugandan prelate calls for repentance CWN Archpriests close jubilee holy doors at Lateran, St. Paul’s basilicas CWN Ohio bishop grants Mass dispensation amid immigration enforcement actions CWN See more news from CWN and other outlets Christmas: December 28th Feast of the Holy Family Today is the Fourth Day within the Octave of Christmas. The Feast of the Holy Family is a... More Sunday: a day of rest. Today's readings See recent news from CWN and other outlets Christmas: December 27th Feast of Saint John, Apostle and Evangelist On the Third Day within the Octave of Christmas the Church celebrates the Feast of St. John,... More It's the weekend! Catch up on the news and commentary from the week, or check out this selection from our Resources library for your weekend reading. Today's readings See recent news from CWN and other outlets Apostolic Letter: A Fidelity that Generates the Future (Pope Leo XIV) Christmas: December 26th Feast of St. Stephen, First Martyr On the Second day within the Octave of Christmas the Church celebrates the Feast of St. Stephen, the first Christian martyr. Stoned outside Jerusalem, he died praying for his executioners. He was one of the seven deacons... More Today's readings In Bethlehem, Christmas celebrations make a comeback for first time since 2022 CWN Nuncio condemns arson attack on West Bank parish CWN 18th-century church in Edinburgh desecrated on Christmas Eve CWN Archpriest closes holy door at Santa Maria Maggiore CWN Jerusalem cardinal, in Christmas message, highlights Christian way of ‘care, tenderness, and love’ CWN Nigerian priest shot on Christmas Eve CWN Indian cardinal sees disconnect between attacks on Christians, government assurances CWN Christ comes to transform us, Ukrainian Catholic leader says in Christmas message CWN Do not despair over possibility of Venezuelan bombing, Trinidad vicar general preaches CWN El Paso bishop, in Christmas interview, says President Trump’s immigration policies are ‘great source of sadness’ CWN See more news from CWN and other outlets Christmas: December 25th Solemnity of the Nativity of the Lord (Christmas) The Church celebrates the Solemnity of the Nativity the Lord, the Birth of Jesus Christ, and the... More Today's readings Pope, in Christmas message, proclaims Christ as our peace, says responsibility is ‘sure way to peace’ CWN ‘Born in the night is the One who redeems us from the night,’ Pope preaches on Christmas night CWN Follow the Incarnate Word on the ‘rugged road of peace,’ Pope preaches on Christmas Day CWN See more news from CWN and other outlets Advent: December 24th December 24, Christmas Eve Christmas Eve marks the end of Advent. The liturgical texts express wholehearted confidence in the... More Today's readings Your work, done with dedication, gives glory to the Lord, Pope tells Vatican employees CWN Pope calls for Christmas truce, criticizes Illinois governor for signing assisted-suicide bill CWN India’s bishops condemn attacks on Christians, call for police protection at Christmas CWN Vatican alters Pope Francis’s original schedule for closing of jubilee holy doors CWN Over 20 million pilgrims have visited Santa Maria Maggiore this year CWN Vatican prefect sees no future for the priesthood without fidelity CWN Cardinal Tagle celebrates Mass for 30,000 in Dubai CWN Holy Land Franciscan, in Vatican newspaper, laments Israeli treatment of Palestinian civilians CWN World Council of Churches’ Christmas message: ‘Holy Family, Holy Faith’ CWN Odisha bishop calls for low-key Christmas celebrations in solidarity with threatened farmers CWN See more news from CWN and other outlets Advent: December 23rd December 23, O Emmanuel; Opt Mem of St. John of Kanty, Priest The Church celebrates the Optional Memorial of St. John of Kanty (1390-1473), priest. Born in Kanty (Cracow, Poland), he taught at the university and became pastor of a parish. He was distinguished for his piety and love of... More Today's readings Payback Time: A Christmas Story Phil Lawler Foster peace and evangelize, Pope tells leaders of Salesian order CWN Phoenix surpasses New York, Chicago to become nation’s 2nd-largest diocese CWN Pope praises Brother Lawrence’s Practice of the Presence of God CWN White House rebuffs bishops’ plea on immigration CWN Vatican, Muslim leaders host roundtable on religion and diplomacy CWN Pontiff approves new statute for Labor Office of the Apostolic See CWN Salesians poised to overtake Jesuits as largest male religious institute CWN Vietnamese refugee, a former Vatican official, named Arizona bishop CWN Statue of Our Lady of Hope brought to St. Peter’s Basilica for Christmas CWN Holy Land custos issues Christmas message CWN Cardinal Kasper reflects on Vatican II and its legacy CWN See more news from CWN and other outlets Advent: December 22nd December 22, O King of the Nations (O Rex Gentium) Today is the Sixth of the O Antiphons, O Rex Gentium (O King of the Nations). "A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom and to return" (Luke 19:12). This nobleman is Christ, the Son of... More Today's readings The Guardian of the Covenant Fr. Jerry Pokorsky Priestly formation is key, Pope writes in new apostolic letter CWN Foster missionary attitude, Pope urges Roman Curia [news analysis] CWN Peacemaking is the ‘quintessential Catholic action,’ Pope tells children of Catholic Action CWN Pope, in final Saturday jubilee audience, says that ‘to hope is to generate’ CWN Pope Leo hails St. Joseph’s example of ‘piety and charity, mercy and abandonment’ CWN Archbishop Coakley defends immigration stance in TV interview CWN Nigerian officials: all kidnapped school children are now free CWN Pontiff prays that young people understand importance of sacramental marriage, be open to life CWN Vatican spokesman: Contemplate the Christ Child, and seek the ways of peace CWN Jerusalem cardinal visits Gaza, vows to rebuild CWN Surprise papal visit to Italian Senate library CWN Papal preacher devotes final Advent sermon to the universality of salvation CWN New Florida bishop’s parish has perpetual adoration, 68 hours of weekly Confession CWN Vatican newspaper shines spotlight on ‘forgotten’ refugees fleeing Sudan CWN Catholic author reflects on interrogating Guantanamo prisoners CWN See more news from CWN and other outlets Advent: December 21st Fourth Sunday of Advent; O Dayspring (O Oriens) Gospel Excerpt: Such was his intention when, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream and said, "Joseph, son of David, do not be afraid to take Mary your wife into your home. For it is through the Holy Spirit... More Sunday: a day of rest. Today's readings See recent news from CWN and other outlets Wed 31 December Christmas Seventh Day within the Octave of Christmas; Opt Mem of St. Sylvester I, Pope It is the Seventh Day within the Octave of the Nativity of the Lord [Christmas]. The Church celebrates the Optional Memorial of St. Sylvester I, Pope and Confessor (died… Learn more about this day. December Calendar › Subscribe to Insights ...free! News, analysis & spirituality by email twice-weekly from CatholicCulture.org. First name: Last name: Email address: Find us on Social Media. Free eBook: Free eBook: Breaking Free Find us on Social Media. About This Site | Terms and Conditions | Privacy | User Conduct | Help/FAQ | Contact Us Copyright © 2025 Trinity Communications . All rights reserved.