Catholic.net - Catholics on the net Español | Français | Deutsch December 30, 2025 Menu About us Sections Bioethics Catechism Daily Gospel Recommendations Daily Saints Dating & Engaged Family Learn to pray Marian Devotion Papal Encyclicals Pilgrimages and religious tourism Pope Francis Sacraments Prayer book Virtues and Values Vatican Youth Christian humanism Catechists Gospel Meditated Just Joseph Matthew 1:18-25 Recommendations Wings of a Bird When I think about how you might see the world, I usually think of a bird’s eye view. Featured St. Joseph raises Jesus in silence Pope Francis invited us not to lose the ability to dream and to open ourselves to tomorrow with trust Zenit Rome Reports • US Bishops Exempt from Sunday Mass Immigrants Fearing Arrest: Which Dioceses Are Included and Until What Date' • How many Catholic missionaries and pastoral workers were killed in 2025' Report reveals the figures • Church containing relic of the crown of thorns desecrated and Eucharist stolen. What will the Church do' • Parish closures: new data shows the decline of the Catholic Church in Germany, the most progressive' and 'synodal' • Puerto Rico Redraws the Legal Map of Prenatal Life: every human being is considered a natural person Prefect of Secretariat for Communication resigns after controversy over letter from Benedict Pope Francis: Communion can be received as preferred, in the mouth or where permitted, the hand Pope announces Dublin travel plans for World Meeting of Families [+] Show more Rome Reports Sections Dating & Engaged Faith and Friendship “Through faith we enter into friendship with the Lord, through charity this friendship is lived and cultivated”. Family The Power of the Father’s Blessing 2 Prayers That Dads Should Memorize And Use Daily Learn to pray By The Way: Jesus Speaks French… An Advent Reflection So the other day I ran into Jesus; and he was speaking French… Youth It's good for young people to study Latin. Pope Francis praised the study of Latin, especially for young people. Communities Inappropriate ads? | ¡Follow us! Inappropriate ads? | Inappropriate ads? | Inappropriate ads? | © 2022 
         Catholic.net Inc. Catholics on the Net. All right reserved Back to Top