Catholic Faith, Beliefs, & Prayers | Catholic Answers Skip to main content Accessibility feedback ☰ About Shop Donate Ask Questions Get Catholic Answers Search the world's largest database of answers about the beliefs and practices of the Catholic faith. Learn more about Catholicism through articles, books, videos and more. Download our new mobile app! Get the App ✕ Home Explore the Catholic Faith Catholic Questions & Answers What are the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit? If Jesus Was a Jew Why Are We Catholic? Who compiled the Bible and when? Who Can Receive Communion? Were all twelve apostles martyred? Are we living in the end times? What is the Catholic view of salvation? Why do Catholics Pray to Saints? View All Catholic Q&As Catholic Topics (Faith, Morals, and Apologetics) Bible & Tradition Sacraments & Worship Morality & Sin Mary, Saints & Angels Salvation & the Church Non-Catholic Religions The Catholic View on Abortion The Catholic View on Assisted Suicide Is euthanasia a sin? Catholic view on assisted suicide Church teaching on euthanasia What is Purgatory? Becoming Catholic (Convert or Seeker) How to Become Catholic Understanding OCIA What Catholics Believe Answers for Non-Catholics Why Be Catholic? How to pray the rosary Catholic Media (Podcasts, Articles, Video) Podcasts (Trending Episodes) Catholic Answers Live (Listen Now) Counsel of Trent Shameless Popery The Jimmy Akin Podcast The Cy Kellett Show Sunday Catholic Word A Daily Defense Watch Apologetics Videos Learn the Faith (Resources & Courses) Articles How do I know if it's a mortal sin? The Seven Gifts of the Holy Spirit Will There Be Three Days of Darkness Is Purgatory in the Bible? Explaining the Trinity What Catholics Believe About Faith and Works Apologetics Topics What is the Eucharist? Call No Man Father Common Catholic Prayers Confession Infant Baptism Sabbath or Sunday Abortion Catholic Encyclopedia Indulgences Guardian Angel Circumcision Scapular Heaven Apologetics Online Courses Beginning Apologetics Evidence for Catholic Moral Teaching Evidence for God Evidence for the Church View all courses Bible Navigator Confession Faith and Works Mary's Immaculate Conception The Church Is One Real Presence Catholic Answers Live Podcasts Video Magazine Q&As Tracts News Events Encyclopedia Bible Navigator Justin AI Donate Defenders Club Shop School of Apologetics Speakers About Careers Advertise Latest Content Read , Listen , or Watch ‹ › Catholic Faith Resources Honest Answers to Questions About Catholic Faith & Beliefs Catholic Answers is a media company dedicated to sharing what the Church really teaches, and we are the world’s largest source for reliable information about the Catholic Church’s doctrine, tradition, and beliefs. Find your answers from your favorite media source: Catholic Radio Podcasts Videos Magazine Tracts Q&A Encyclopedia Bible Navigator Speakers Events Blog News "I'm becoming Catholic thanks to you!" Support the Mission Yes, I Want to Help 2026 Rhine Cruise Learn More Latest Podcast Why Christmas Was Unnecessary (sorta) Joe examines Thomas Aquinas’ Christmas reflection, and why Christmas and the Nativity weren’t actually necessary.
Transcript:
Jo... 2025 & 2026 Holy Days of Obligation Free Calendar Learn More Speakers Need a Catholic Speaker? Our speakers will inspire your audience to grow in their Catholic faith. Give us a ring to bring a Catholic Answers speaker to your next event, and set your people on fire for the Faith! About Catholic Answers Our mission, vision, leadership, and more. Get Our Newsletter Donate Company About Us News Profiles Careers Advertise App Sites Shop School Conference Cruises Publishing Submissions Permissions Copyright © 1996- 2025 Catholic Answers Terms | Privacy | Contact Us | Consent Preferences