Skip to main content
INFORMATION
ABOUT THE SECRETARIAT
BIODIVERSITY CONVENTION
CARTAGENA PROTOCOL
NAGOYA PROTOCOL
COUNTRIES
PROGRAMMES
 
Global Biodiversity Framework
 
Topics
 
Processes and Meetings
 
Cooperation and Partnerships
 
News and Stories
"A NON-EXHAUSTIVE LOOK BACK AT 2025" BY THE EXECUTIVE SECRETARY OF THE CBD
2025 has been an eventful, busy and rewarding year for the CBD Secretariat. From the preparations for the resumed session of COP 16 in Rome to looking ahead toward COP 17, the year marked important moments and collective achievements for nature and for people. As we go into the new year, it is our hope that 2026 will be a year of Taking Action for Nature. Read the main highlights here.
Petr Vyšohlíd / Unsplash
Previous
Next
ALL
DECISIONS & RECOMMENDATIONS
EVENTS
NOTIFICATIONS
SECRETARIAT
10.12.2025
Statement by Astrid Schomaker, Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity on International Mountain Day (11 December 2025)
09.12.2025
Statement by Ms. Astrid Schomaker, Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity International Human Rights Day - 10 December 2025
19.12.2025
//
2025-153
Subregional capacity-building workshop on Target 3 of the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework for countries in the Middle East and North Af...
16.12.2025
//
2025-152
Information webinar on “Importance of cross-sectoral collaboration for the implementation of Target 6 on invasive alien species”, 27 January 2026
//
NBSAP-OM-2025-08
Subregional dialogue on biodiversity monitoring and reporting for countries in Western Asia
//
TSC-WS-2026-01
Workshop on the operationalization of the technical and scientific cooperation support centres
//
SB8J-01
Recommendation 1/3 - Proposed elements for the guidelines related to Tasks 1.1 and 1.2 of the programme of work on Article 8(j) and other provisions o...
//
SBSTTA-27
Recommendation 27/10 - Biodiversity and health
UPDATES
"A non-exhaustive look back at 2025" by the Executive Secretary of the CBD
For all of us at the CBD Secretariat, 2025 has been an eventful, busy and rewarding year. It started with the preparations for the resumed session of COP 16/NP-MOP-5/CP-MOP-11 in Rome, where Parties to the Convention completed what they had started at the COP de la gente in Cali. We are now ten months away from COP 17. As we go into the new year, it is our hope that 2026 will be a year of "Taking Action for Nature" as called for by Armenia with its slogan for the 2026 UN Biodiversity Conference. As we bid farewell to 2025, we look back at a year that saw important moments and collective achievements for nature and for people. 
Whole-of-society contributions will receive visibility they deserve 
Advancing synergy among MEAs: three highlights from UNEA-7
Previous
Next
Astrid Schomaker | Executive Secretary, CBD
The United Nations Secretary-General has designated Astrid Schomaker of Germany as Executive Secretary of the Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD). Ms. Schomaker officially took up her appointment as of 1 July 2024. Prior to her appointment, Ms. Schomaker has work on a variety of issues ranging from bilateral and multilateral relations to chemicals, oceans, and the water industry. Most recently, as Director for Green Diplomacy and Multilateralism with the European Commission in Brussels, she promoted a global transition to resource efficient, low emission, nature-positive circular economies.
PROGRAMMES
Thematic

The Conference of the Parties (COP) has established seven thematic programmes of work (listed below) which correspond to some of the major biomes on the planet. Each programme establishes a vision for, and basic principles to guide future work. They also set out key issues for consideration, identify potential outputs, and suggest a timetable and means for achieving these. Implementation of the work programmes depends on contributions from Parties, the Secretariat, relevant intergovernmental and other organizations. Periodically, the COP and the SBSTTA review the state of implementation of the work programmes.

SELECT
Cross-Cutting

The COP has also initiated work on key matters of relevance to all thematic areas. These cross-cutting issues correspond to the issues addressed in the Convention's substantive provisions in Articles 6-20, and provide bridges and links between the thematic programmes. Some cross cutting initiatives directly support work under thematic programmes, for example, the work on indicators provides information on the status and trends of biodiversity for all biomes. Others develop discrete products quite separate from the thematic programmes.

SELECT
NEWSLETTERS
Would you like to stay up-to-date?

Please, fill the form below with your data.

EMAIL ADDRESS
I accept the privacy terms
CLEARING-HOUSE
Clearing-House Mechanism of the Convention on Biological Diversity

The Clearing-House Mechanism (CHM) contributes to the implementation of the Convention on Biological Diversity by promoting and facilitating scientific and technical cooperation, knowledge sharing and information exchange, and by establishing a fully operational network of Parties and partners.

GO TO PAGE>
Biosafety Clearing-House

The Biosafety Clearing-House (BCH) is a mechanism set up by the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety to facilitate the exchange of information on Living Modified Organisms (LMOs) and assist the Parties to better comply with their obligations under the Protocol.

GO TO PAGE >
Access and Benefit-Sharing Clearing-House

The Access and Benefit-Sharing Clearing-House (ABSCH) is a platform for exchanging information on ABSCH and a key tool for facilitating the implementation of the Nagoya Protocol.

GO TO PAGE >
FOLLOW US
QUICK LINKS
Access and Benefit-Sharing Clearing-House
Biosafety Clearing-House
Clearing-House Mechanism
Online Reporting Tool
Contributions
Country Profiles
Meetings and Events
National Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans (NBSAPs)
National Focal Points
National Reports
News Headlines
Notifications
Parties
Publications
TOPICS
Business, Women, Youth and other Stakeholders
Climate Change
Poverty Reduction
Food
Water
Indigenous Peoples and Local Communities
INFORMATION
Contact us
Employment Opportunities
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Credits
© CBD Secretariat
A PART OF