Homepage | CBN Skip to main content Last Day! Gifts Matched to $250K. Give Now! Ask for prayer TODAY ON THE 700 CLUB Contact Us Login give now Home Menu Site search Site search Home give now Login Ask for prayer Toggle Menu The 700 Club Toggle Menu SHOW INFORMATION 700 Club | Home Latest Episode Show Information Guests Ask A Question Share Your Story Toggle Menu MORE SHOWS 700 Club Interactive 700 Club Canada Miracle Living Today Club 700 Hoy All Shows Toggle Menu Resources Learn More A New Day Booklet Toggle Menu CBN NEWS Toggle Menu BY CATEGORY News | Home US World Israel Entertainment Health Politics Toggle Menu BY SHOW Christian World News Newswatch Faith Nation Jerusalem Dateline Studio 5 Quickstart All Shows Toggle Menu Noteworthy Top Story 'Blown Away': Hundreds Saved and… Christians Fill Mile-Long Communion… Revival Grips Brazil's Amazon: 'We… Revival Grips Brazil's Amazon: 'We… Top Story Revival Grips Brazil's Amazon: 'We… Toggle Menu FAITH Toggle Menu RESOURCES Faith | Home Daily Devotional Get Prayer Topical Resources Toggle Menu FAITH JOURNEY Curious About Christianity New Christians Returning Christians Deepen Your Faith Share Your Faith Toggle Menu More Resources Today’s Daily Devotional Get Prayer Toggle Menu SUPERBOOK Toggle Menu CBN ANIMATION About Us Give to Superbook Toggle Menu SUPERBOOK Watch Full Episodes Kids' Website Superbook For Churches Get Superbook Get Superbook App Toggle Menu Get More Superbook Superbook Kids' Website Superbook Bible App Toggle Menu LISTEN Toggle Menu RADIO Listen | Home Praise Contemporary Southern Gospel Selah Instrumental Cross Country Toggle Menu PODCASTS Podcasts | Home A New Day Conversations From Studio 5 Navigating Trump 2.0 Quickstart The Lesson Toggle Menu More From CBN Radio Where the worship never stops! CBN Radio App Toggle Menu ABOUT Toggle Menu DISCOVER CBN About | Home Who We Are Careers People Financials Toggle Menu OUR MINISTRIES Operation Blessing Helping The Homefront CBN Israel CBN Films Toggle Menu DONATE Give Now Gift Planning Ways To Give Toggle Menu Learn More Watch The CBN Story CBN's Ministry give now Login Ask for prayer Toggle Menu The 700 Club Latest Episode Show Information Guests Ask A Question Share Your Story More Shows Toggle Menu CBN News U.S. World Israel Entertainment Health Politics Shows Podcasts Toggle Menu Faith Faith in Jesus Daily Devotional Topical Resources Faith Journey Bible Toggle Menu Superbook About Donate Watch Kids' Website Superbook for Churches App Toggle Menu Listen Radio Podcasts Toggle Menu About Who We Are Careers People Financials Ministries Gift Planning Site search Site search Home Search Contact Us Login give now Image Image Image See What Your Gift Can Do Your gift shares the hope of Jesus with people who are spiritually and physically hurting. You help provide emergency relief, clean water, healing care, and Gospel outreach to those who need it most. Give hope. Give help. Give Jesus today. GIVE NOW See What Your Gift Can Do Your gift shares the hope of Jesus with people who are spiritually and physically hurting. You help provide emergency relief, clean water, healing care, and Gospel outreach to those who need it most. Give hope. Give help. Give Jesus today. GIVE NOW Family of Ministries Icon Icon Icon Icon Icon Icon Icon Icon Top Stories Hundreds Prayed for a Girl with No Chance The Double Life of ‘Rico Suave’ Gerardo His Heart Prevented Him from Growing a Pound… Persistent Stutter Ceased After God Spoke to Him! Today’s Bible Reading 12/31/2025 Revelation 22:13 "I am the Alpha and the Omega, the First and the Last, the Beginning and the End." Read Now CBN’s impact around the world Image CBN’s impact worldwide Sharing Jesus & providing global aid for over 60 years CBN donors are at work supporting people around the globe. Click the orange dots to see examples of our international impact. Learn More USA Daily prayers for people across the country In 2024, the CBN Prayer Center in the U.S. responded to over 1.4 million prayer needs from viewers, including over 5,200 professions of faith. Our ministry extends beyond phone calls, offering assistance in various languages and digital platforms. Latin America Highlighting testimonies of God’s faithfulness Vida Dura or “Hard Life” stories are sourced throughout Latin America and produced in Spanish to reach a region with testimonies of people who hit rock bottom and turn to God for change. CBN has a prayer center in Latin America to support people through prayer and faith resources. Learn More Ukraine For 30 years, CBN has been serving the people of Ukraine CBN’s Operation Blessing through Orphan’s Promise continues to minister to desperate men, women, and children in Ukraine by providing warm clothes, winter shoes, blankets, flashlights, and thermoses. We were even able to provide some with generators. Learn More Israel Help in Times of Crisis When tragedy struck Israel, CBN partners helped war victims by providing emergency shelter, food, supplies, and access to counseling. Our team members also visited bomb shelters to bring hope, encouragement, and much-needed supplies. Learn More International Reaching Kids for Christ CBN partners are reaching children around the world with the Gospel of Jesus through Superbook, a Bible-based animation series. Through the free Superbook Kids Bible app, kids can watch Superbook, hear the Gospel presentation, play games, and more. Learn More USA Daily prayers for people across the country In 2024, the CBN Prayer Center in the U.S. responded to over 1.4 million prayer needs from viewers, including over 5,200 professions of faith. Our ministry extends beyond phone calls, offering assistance in various languages and digital platforms. Latin America Highlighting testimonies of God’s faithfulness Vida Dura or “Hard Life” stories are sourced throughout Latin America and produced in Spanish to reach a region with testimonies of people who hit rock bottom and turn to God for change. CBN has a prayer center in Latin America to support people through prayer and faith resources. Learn More Ukraine For 30 years, CBN has been serving the people of Ukraine CBN’s Operation Blessing through Orphan’s Promise continues to minister to desperate men, women, and children in Ukraine by providing warm clothes, winter shoes, blankets, flashlights, and thermoses. We were even able to provide some with generators. Learn More Israel Help in Times of Crisis When tragedy struck Israel, CBN partners helped war victims by providing emergency shelter, food, supplies, and access to counseling. Our team members also visited bomb shelters to bring hope, encouragement, and much-needed supplies. Learn More International Reaching Kids for Christ CBN partners are reaching children around the world with the Gospel of Jesus through Superbook, a Bible-based animation series. Through the free Superbook Kids Bible app, kids can watch Superbook, hear the Gospel presentation, play games, and more. Learn More Journey Through the Word Join Our Bible in a Year Reading Adventure Old and New Testament selections delivered to your e-mail each day give you a steady, do-able plan to hear and/or read the entire Bible in a year. You are signing up to receive general newsletters from CBN. By signing up, you are consenting to our privacy policy . You can specify preference after sign-up and opt out at any time. Image Image CBN News Image 'Children Do Not Belong to the Government': Federal Judge Smacks Down CA Gender Secrecy Policies California public schools can no longer deceive parents or force teachers to keep parents in the dark about their child's gender confusion, after a federal court declared the practice to be unconstitutional. Image Trump Admin Freezing Child Care Funds to Minnesota After Series of Fraud Schemes President Donald Trump's administration announced on Tuesday that it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after a series of fraud schemes in recent years. Image Trump Meets with Netanyahu, Hints at New Iran Strike and 'Horrible' Consequences for Hamas In what was described as a "historic day," Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with President Donald Trump for the sixth time since Trump took office in January. They talked about Iran and Hamas, and agreed that they're on the same page most of the time. Image Buried for 2,000 Years: Ancient Second Temple Discovery Found Beneath Western Wall Plaza A Jewish person living during the Second Temple period — roughly 516 BCE to 70 CE — was required to immerse in a mikveh before entering the Temple. As a result, ritual baths were built throughout Jerusalem, near main roads, public buildings, and private homes, forming an essential part of daily life in the holy city. One of those mikvehs has now been uncovered in an extraordinary location — hidden beneath the Western Wall Plaza. Hewn directly into the bedrock during the final days of the Second Temple period, the mikveh lay sealed for nearly 2,000 years. Live: CBN News Channel Live: CBN News Channel Take Free Online Courses from CBN & Regent University. Access Now! 700 Club The 700 Club - December 30, 2025 After a concussion left Mitchell struggling with a persistent stutter, he heard God call him to praise. What happened next was miraculous, today on the 700 Club. WATCH LIVE AT 9AM ET Daily Devotional Hello, New Year A new year brings both reflection and renewal. Drawing from 2 Corinthians 5:17, this devotional reminds us that in Christ, the old has passed away, and new life begins. Whether celebrating victories or healing, we can step into the year trusting God to make all things new through His transforming power. Read More More from CBN Image Image Image Image Image Image Image Image Image Image The Christian Broadcasting Network Unlock the best from CBN. You are signing up to receive general newsletters from CBN. By signing up, you are consenting to our privacy policy . You can specify preference after sign-up and opt out at any time. Prayer Give News Ministry Radio Podcasts Courses Bible CBN Family MINISTRIES Operation Blessing CBN Israel Helping the Homefront CBN Films FAITH Daily Devotional Prayer Faith In Jesus Find A Church Resources CBN Bible App WAYS TO GIVE Online Donation Legacy Giving IRA & Stock Charitable Gift Annuities Real Estate & Business CONNECT Newsletters Contact Us Advertise With Us Media Kit Careers About Us NEWS United States World Israel Health Entertainment Politics CBN News App SHOWS The 700 Club Christian World News Faith Nation Jerusalem Dateline More Shows CBN Family App CBN ANIMATION Superbook Bible App Superbook Kids' Site LISTEN CBN Radio Podcasts CBN Radio App Connect on social youtube-footer fb-footer instagram-footer twitter-footer © 2025 The Christian Broadcasting Network, Inc., A nonprofit 501 (c)(3) Charitable Organization. Terms of use Privacy Policy Donor Privacy CBN Cookie Policy Third Party Processors Cookies Settings myCBN The Christian Broadcasting Network This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More info.