Skip to content
Services
Insights & Research
Properties
People & Offices
Careers
About Us

Integrated Facilities Management

A Workforce Built for What’s Next

Combining smart technology, flexible service offerings and world-class training to unlock workforce excellence.
Make Talent Your Strategic Advantage
The Weekly Take Podcast

Coming Up: Optimism about a continued real estate rebound in 2026

U.S. Senior Housing & Care Investor Survey H2 2025

Senior Housing Investors Eye Growth Amid Evolving Care Needs

Business Insights

Top 10 Technologies Needed for an Engaging Workplace Experience

U.S. Real Estate Market Outlook Virtual Event

Reserve Your Spot
We are the global leader in commercial real estate services and investments. With services, insights and data that span every dimension of the industry, we create solutions for clients of every size, in every sector and across every geography.

Learn More

What
We Do

Insights & Research

Deliver market knowledge and global insights 

Our 500 global researchers offer actionable intelligence and a multi-dimensional perspective that is unparalleled in the industry.

Explore Insights & Research

Services

Create the real estate solutions of tomorrow 

Let us help you:
- Invest in real estate
- Plan, lease & occupy
- Design & build
- Manage properties & portfolios
- Transform business outcomes


Explore Services

Careers

Join us

We don't just realize the potential in real estate. We help you realize your potential.

Explore Careers
Our Take Newsletter

Expert perspectives on what matters most in commercial real estate


Subscribe
Latest Insights
Book | Evolving Workforces
Global Tech Talent Guidebook 2025

April 22, 2025

New tech markets are opening up. The Global Tech Talent Guidebook 2025 explores worldwide markets, analyzing labor supply, cost and quality.

Learn More
Report | Intelligent Investment
Global Life Sciences Atlas

April 11, 2025

An aging population and other trends are fueling the growth of life sciences activity, and the need for more lab space, in key markets around the world.

Learn More
Podcast | Intelligent Investment
Coming Up: Optimism about a continued real estate rebound in 2026

December 16, 2025

J.P. Morgan Asset Management’s Josh Myerberg breaks down the 2026 real estate outlook, why quality assets and operational excellence matter, and where savvy investors are finding opportunity now. Don’t miss these timely insights from one of the industry’s top portfolio strategists.

Learn More
Our Commitment
 
1
/4
Our Story

We bring the diverse knowledge of our people, clients, and partners to realize potential in every business and every person.

Read More
2
/4
Corporate
Responsibility

We take great pride in our reputation for upholding the highest standards in the way we do business.

Read More
3
/4
Sustainability

Accelerating sustainability by decarbonizing our own operations and influencing the way buildings are built, sourced, managed, occupied and sold.

Read More
4
/4
Our Values-Driven Culture

We help our employees learn, grow and stay safe and well while also engaging in our communities.

Read More
About CBRE
Careers
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Contact Us
Global Privacy and Cookie Notice
Terms of Use
Our Response to Schrems II
California Privacy Notice
New York Disclosure Notices
CBRE Intranet
Digital Accessibility
Cookie Settings

Copyright © 2025 CBRE. All rights reserved.

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All Accept All Cookies