West Palm Beach News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Bridge repairs on Boynton Beach Boulevard to disrupt traffic until spring 2026 South Florida travelers should expect a bridge repair that may cause traffic disruptions this coming New Year. Canadian man identified as person who drowned at Blowing Rocks Preserve The identity of the man who drowned at the Blowing Rocks Preserve was revealed, according to an incident report from the Martin County Sheriff's Office (MCSO). Antisemitic graffiti found at popular Jupiter beach A disturbing message threatening Jewish people was discovered this week on a wooden beach walkway at Carlin Park in Jupiter. FWC reports successful 2025 bear hunt with 52 bears harvested Over 50 bears were harvested for the 2025 bear hunting season.The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) said in a Tuesday news release. Local Crisis in the Classroom Videos I-Team Nation & World Offbeat Entertainment Question of the Day Amazing America Newscast Links Connect to Congress Addicted Florida Morning Show Crime Podcasts Health Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Armstrong Army Strong ARC Florida Weather Current Weather West Palm Beach Partly Cloudy 52 F 64 / 43 Today 64 / 43 Wednesday 64 / 45 Thursday 68 / 50 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Weather App Hurricane Center Marine Forecast Weekend Boaters Forecast Videos Videos Sleigh? Nope. Sports Car! Corvette smashes through South Florida yard on Christmas Eve Ring doorbell footage caught a sports car speeding through a South Florida backyard before slamming into concrete on Christmas Eve. 'Members Only: Palm Beach' premiere dazzles at lavish mansion debut party The 'Members Only: Palm Beach' debuted in true high-society fashion at a premiere party Monday hosted inside a sprawling Jupiter mansion. Florida man parks car in skate park after dark, allegedly found with assortment of drugs A man was allegedly found with a variety of drugs after he decided to park in a skate park after dark. Boater charged with felonies after fleeing scene of serious crash near Woolbright Bridge Michael Dority Gee faces felony and misdemeanor charges after investigators say he fled the scene, leaving behind an injured passenger and damaged property. EN ESPAÑOL EN ESPAÑOL Sunny and comfortable weekend ahead It's another cool and comfortable start to the day.Skies are clear this morning with temperatures in the 50s and 60s.We warm back to the upper 70s this aftern Comfortable and sunny Christmas Day It's another nice start to our day.Temperatures are in the 50s and 60s for our Christmas morning. Skies are mostly clear, with the small chance of an isolated 'Kick him in the stomach'; Former employee describes alleged abuse at Delray dog daycare A former employee of a Delray Beach dog daycare is speaking out following the arrest of the facility’s owner on an aggravated animal cruelty charge.Last week, t Nueva ley de placas en Florida genera confusión entre conductores y policías Nueva ley de placas en Florida genera confusión entre conductores y policías: el uso de marcos sigue siendo legal, con condicionesLa nueva ley de placas vehicu Noticias Locales Enfoque Communitario Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 52 ° Wed 64 ° Thu 68 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Crisis in the Classroom Videos I-Team Nation & World Offbeat Entertainment Question of the Day Amazing America Newscast Links Connect to Congress Addicted Florida Morning Show Crime Podcasts Health Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Armstrong Army Strong ARC Florida Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Weather App Hurricane Center Marine Forecast Weekend Boaters Forecast Videos EN ESPAÑOL Down Arrow EN ESPAÑOL Home Noticias Locales Enfoque Communitario Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Features Down Arrow Features Home Antisemitism in America Black History Month Business Break Feed the Need For Pet's Sake Forever Family Hometown Hero Know the Pros Mindful Mondays Money Cents Partner Spotlight Play it Forward Project Thanksgiving Sinclair Cares Stuff the Bus Weathering Parenthood Santa's Helper Toy Drive HealthWatch Down Arrow HealthWatch Home Gardens Dermatology Traffic Down Arrow Traffic Home Pump Patrol Legal Matters Down Arrow Legal Matters Home Personal Injury Law Obituaries Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact People Careers App Schedule Contests Appearances Newsletter Sign Up Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Latest Sports Athlete of the Week Dolphins Extra Friday Night Rivals City Guide TICKETS Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report WPEC FCC Info WPEC FCC Applications Public File Assistance WWHB FCC Info WWHB-CD FCC Applications Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Canadian man identified as person who drowned at Blowing Rocks Preserve The identity of the man who drowned at the Blowing Rocks Preserve was revealed, according to an incident report from the Martin County Sheriff's Office (MCSO). Antisemitic graffiti found at popular Jupiter beach A disturbing message threatening Jewish people was discovered this week on a wooden beach walkway at Carlin Park in Jupiter. Co-workers shocked by deadly Barnes & Noble stabbing, court date set for accused killer Co-workers of Rita Loncharich, who was stabbed at a Palm Beach Gardens Barnes & Noble last week, are stunned by her death. Bridge repairs on Boynton Beach Boulevard to disrupt traffic until spring 2026 South Florida travelers should expect a bridge repair that may cause traffic disruptions this coming New Year. Riviera Beach police take aggressive approach to New Year's Eve safety The Riviera Beach police department is taking an aggressive stance on New Year's Eve gunshots The police department will be going door to door New Year's Eve. Are Publix, Walmart, and CVS open New Year's Eve and Day? Here's what's open, closed Wondering if your favorite store is open as the clock strikes midnight? Here’s the rundown on New Year's hours for retailers and malls near you. FWC reports successful 2025 bear hunt with 52 bears harvested Over 50 bears were harvested for the 2025 bear hunting season.The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) said in a Tuesday news release. County-by-county list of cold weather shelters as temperatures drop in South Florida As a cold front sweeps through South Florida, counties across the Treasure Coast, Okeechobee, and Palm Beach counties are activating emergency shelters. Great white shark spotted off the coast of Palm Beach County Capt. Dustin Richter reached for his cell phone and got video of a great white shark about 1.5 miles off the coast of Delray Beach. Crocodiles caught sunbathing on jet skis as they adapt to Florida's urban landscape American crocodiles in South Florida were seen sunbathing on jet skis, kayaks, and paddleboards. Local News Child present during meth deal at Stuart dog park, police say A narcotics investigation in Stuart uncovered a troubling scene, a methamphetamine transaction occurred at a local dog park while a young child was present. Three teens riding in BMW killed in deadly crash in South Florida Three teenage boys traveling in a BMW were killed in a two-vehicle crash in South Florida on Monday night. Man accused of stabbing bus passenger after 'Merry Christmas' handshake in Miami: Police A holiday greeting turned violent on a Miami-Dade Transit bus on Christmas Day when a 73-year-old man allegedly stabbed another passenger. Cold weather safety tips to prevent fires, carbon monoxide poisoning Many people across South Florida will turn on their heaters for the first time in a while over the next couple of days as the temperatures dip to start 2026. Coast Guard rescues 7 from flooded fishing boat near Peanut Island The U.S. Coast Guard rescued seven people Monday from a fishing boat taking on water near Peanut Island. Florida deputies stop woman in alleged plan to kill herself, disabled great-granddaughter A suicide note led deputies to a shocking scene, where they say an apparent murder-suicide attempt involving a grandmother and her great-granddaughter. Sleigh? Nope. Sports Car! Corvette smashes through South Florida yard on Christmas Eve Ring doorbell footage caught a sports car speeding through a South Florida backyard before slamming into concrete on Christmas Eve. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Florida man rings in New Year, turning $20 into $5 million jackpot with scratch-off ticket A Florida man is going to start the new year with life-changing news. Boater charged with felonies after fleeing scene of serious crash near Woolbright Bridge Michael Dority Gee faces felony and misdemeanor charges after investigators say he fled the scene, leaving behind an injured passenger and damaged property. Crocodiles caught sunbathing on jet skis as they adapt to Florida's urban landscape American crocodiles in South Florida were seen sunbathing on jet skis, kayaks, and paddleboards. Great white shark spotted off the coast of Palm Beach County Capt. Dustin Richter reached for his cell phone and got video of a great white shark about 1.5 miles off the coast of Delray Beach. Wrong-way driver near Boca Raton charged after resisting arrest, seizing officer's weapon A wrong-way crash in unincorporated Boca Raton on December 28, 2025, escalated into a violent encounter with deputies and led to a series of  criminal charges. Nation & World HHS halts all childcare payments to Minnesota amid fraud allegations The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced on Tuesday it will freeze all child care payments to Minnesota. GOP Rep calls for Somali Americans involved in fraud to have citizenship revoked A viral video is bringing the national spotlight to taxpayer-funded daycare centers in Minnesota, with allegations many were collecting tax dollars but not actu Body discovered in search for 19-year-old Camila Olmos SAN ANTONIO - The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office has announced that a body, which may be that of missing 19-year-old Camila Olmos, has been found.According to in This year saw 12% more store closures, but 2026 looking better for retail This year saw 11% fewer store openings than last year, but Coresight Research is tracking more planned openings than closings in the coming year. HUD audit reveals $5.8 billion in 'questionable' rental assistance payments under Biden Auditors said concentrations of the suspected payments were found in New York, California and Washington, DC. Payments to dead tenants occurred in all 50 states New Year's Eve events present security threats worldwide This New Year's Eve, law enforcement and security officials are taking extra measures to keep celebrations safe amid a heightened threat environment. Tatiana Schlossberg, journalist and granddaughter of JFK, dies at 35 Tatiana Schlossberg, a journalist and author who was also the granddaughter of former President John F. Kennedy, has died, according to a family announcement. See More Right arrow Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Horschel Delivers Again as Atlanta Opens Title Defense at TGL TGL’s second season opened the same way the first one ended: with Billy Horschel delivering a defining moment for Atlanta. In the season opener at SoFi Center, Ewers throws 2 TDs as Dolphins beat Bucs 20-17 to force pivotal Week 18 NFC South matchup Rookie QB Quinn Ewers tossed two touchdowns, including a 63-yard first-career score, and led the Dolphins to a 20-17 victory over the Buccaneers. See More Right arrow Entertainment Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. 'The Wire' and 'Veep' star Isiah Whitlock Jr. dead at 71 Isiah Whitlock Jr., known for his roles on shows like &ldquo;The Wire&rdquo; and &ldquo;Veep,&rdquo; has died at 71, his manager confirmed. Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she refused to film an explicit sex scene with THIS star Gwyneth Paltrow revealed why she refused to film a spicy scene early in her career with a handsome co-star. Watch Robert Irwin rank birds based on their rizz, crowns a controversial no. 1 The wildlife conservationist has the internet divided after he sparked debate over ranking birds by "rizz." See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Liposuction while awake: the pros and cons of the trendy procedure Awake liposuction is gaining popularity as a cosmetic procedure for those seeking body sculpting without the need for general anesthesia. SPONSORED Take advantage of the Florida market: Home selling made simple FL Home Buyers helps homeowners skip the traditional realtor route and sell directly for cash. SPONSORED Unlocking growth: How local PEO partnerships transform Florida small businesses At United Tech PEO, United Tech is on a mission to improve your business. SPONSORED Tampa General opens first comprehensive kidney stone clinic in Palm Beach County Tampa General Hospital has opened Palm Beach County’s first comprehensive kidney stone clinic, aiming to streamline treatment for local patients. SPONSORED Why you’re still feeling stuck — even when life looks fine Showing gratitude and acknowledging all of the positive things in our lives are healthy and reflective ways to manage our mental health. However, it is common f SPONSORED 'It’s been a savior': Volunteer drivers help cancer patients get to treatment For many cancer patients, the hardest part of treatment isn’t the chemo. It’s the ride to get there. SPONSORED St. Lucie, Martin, and Indian River tourism offices to offer Locals Only discounts! Summer means less traffic on the roads, a front-row parking spot at your favorite restaurant, and uncrowded beaches! If you’ve earned a well-deserved vacation SPONSORED South Florida’s largest home expo returns to Palm Beach Homes in Palm Beach are about to get a serious makeover. The Home Design and Remodeling Show returns Memorial Day weekend, taking over the Palm Beach County Con SPONSORED What's Good For You... keeping your heart healthy Heart disease remains the leading cause of death worldwide, but health experts say small lifestyle changes can go a long way in protecting your heart and improv SPONSORED Purses & Posture: doctors share how your heavy load might lead to long-term issues Carrying multiple bags daily, including purses and diaper bags, could be impacting women's posture, according to orthopedic surgeon Dr. John Hinson. SPONSORED An advanced treatment option for lasting back pain relief Pain of any kind can cause you to miss even the simplest joys in life. Chronic back pain has the potential to even take your ability to move at all. The strides SPONSORED What's good for you... staying fit as you age Staying fit as we age is important so we can maintain our independence. CBS12 News spoke with Dr. Alex Mafdali for advice on staying physically sharp. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page CBS12 News I-Team Congresswoman responds to Christmas card edit controversy Embattled Florida Congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick, a Democrat representing District 20, reignited controversy after posting a holiday greeting. Body found in suitcase in abandoned house fire: What happened to Jackie? A family in Ohio has reached out to the CBS12 News I-Team asking for help because they believe there’s been a murder in Fort Pierce. Avoid Key Fob Replacement Highway Robbery A local man reached out to the CBS12 News I-Team about a problem he was having with an item that most of us use every day and concerns about price-gauging. Inside the St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office: Growth puts spotlight on public safety The Treasure Coast is rapidly transforming. Farmland is becoming subdivisions, traffic is thickening, and waterways are more crowded than ever. With that growth Juno Beach condo project boots Christmas tree lot A major construction project is disrupting the holiday spirit for many local families. Parents worried about future of special education funding Parents and schools are wondering what could be next - as the fight for funding for our most needy children continues to be a heated battle. Palm Beach County Commission working to fix transportation pains We all now how difficult it can be to get around Palm Beach County &ndash; and but it’s not just inconvenient. It can also be dangerous.Palm Beach County looked back Waste Watch: Green bus conversion efforts could be thrown under the bus County and local governments are under pressure to make budget cuts and be good stewards of our tax dollars, and public transportation is in the crosshairs. Treasure Coast residents face long commutes as housing growth outpaces higher-paying jobs The Treasure Coast is experiencing a surge in residential development, with new homes and neighborhoods appearing across the region. Waste Watch:  Property Taxes in FL could go away The CBS12 News I-Team is on Waste Watch. Governor Ron DeSantis says Florida residents need a break. St. Lucie Gardens faces growing pains amid county’s development boom For the past two years, the CBS12 News I-Team has been tracking the rapid development boom reshaping St. Lucie County.Now, residents in a quiet pocket of Port Florida open carry law forces deputies to rethink 911 calls A sweeping court ruling made open carry the law of the land &mdash; forcing both families and deputies to think twice before reacting. Scroll shock: The hidden toll of violent content online You might try to avoid it&mdash;but these days, graphic violent content finds us.It’s in the palm of our hands, popping up on social media without warning. Legal bills and Alligator Alcatraz The CBS 12 News I-Team continues to investigate Alligator Alcatraz, a controversial undocumented migrant detention camp located deep within the Everglades. Waste Watch: Doge Audits Palm Beach County, Results Due within 60 Days The CBS 12 News I-Team is committed to bringing you consistent Waste Watch reports. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Crime Wrong-way driver near Boca Raton charged after resisting arrest, seizing officer's weapon A wrong-way crash in unincorporated Boca Raton on December 28, 2025, escalated into a violent encounter with deputies and led to a series of  criminal charges. Teen shot, killed while trying to stop fight in Boynton Beach, police say A 17-year-old Boynton Beach boy was shot and killed on Sunday morning as he tried to break up an argument between two men, police said. Occupants set chicken on fire at Acreage intersection, South Florida detectives seek help After a chicken was set on fire, detectives with the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office are asking for the public’s help in identifying the vehicle. See More Right arrow Connect to Congress Rep. Cherfilus-McCormick denies guilt in FEMA theft case as arraignment postponed Embattled South Florida congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick reiterated her innocence on Monday after a federal magistrate postponed her arraignment. Republican moderates defy party leaders to force vote on ACA tax credits extension The tension in the Capitol had been building for weeks &mdash; a quiet, humming anxiety that threaded through late-night committee rooms and whispered conversations i Government shutdown to stretch into next week with Senate on recess and no end in sight The government shutdown entered a 24th day on Friday as lawmakers remain deeply divided on a plan to reopen the government. Lawmakers renew vows to address online safety for kids in long-delayed void Congress is trying to gear up for another run at addressing a longstanding problem with protecting children online after years of promises to crack down. See More Right arrow ARC Florida Teacher Feature: PBC educator's innovative teaching inspires confidence, collaboration Kogan & DiSalvo Personal Injury Law made a donation to our featured teachers of the week.CBS12 News’ next &ldquo;Teacher Feature&rdquo; comes from a high-preforming school Palm Beach County lawyers raise money for men with cancer in "No Shave November" For most of us - the end of November means turkey, family and football - but for some, the excitement is ramping up as they will finally be able to use a razor Urban Youth Impact visits ARC Florida There are number of things working against kids to help them read - large class sizes, undiagnosed issues, a lack of books in the home, the list goes on. But th See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report WPEC FCC Info WPEC FCC Applications Public File Assistance WWHB FCC Info WWHB-CD FCC Applications Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Traffic Station Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.