Albany News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News Can Mamdani's vision reshape New York politics? Jason Palmer, a 2024 Democratic presidential candidate and native of the Capital Region, is discussing the potential impact of Zohran Mamdani politics. Capital Region gears up for New Year's Eve events WRGB- The Capital Region is set to welcome the New Year with a variety of activities catering to kids, adults, and families.For those who prefer daytime celebr A look back at the biggest stories at the New York State Capital in 2025 Life at the New York State Capital featured it's usual budget battles, spirited rallies, and floor debates, but also a unique layer of federal government action Albany County projects late 2026/early 2027 for completed Central Warehouse demolition It appears the Central Warehouse saga will continue through 2026...and potentially into 2027, as the Albany County Executive provided a timeline of the building Local Nation & World Entertainment Crisis in the Classroom CBS 6 Rewind Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress You Paid For It Amazing America Raw News Web Links Election Town Hall Question of the Day Photo Galleries Chime In Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Dose of Reality Missing Persons Beyond The Podium Election Results Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Schoharie Limo Trial Saratoga Racing Season Trial of Kevin Monahan Wellness Watch St Rose Closure Power and Politics Tasty Tuesday Evidence Room Marcy Prison Beating Weather Current Weather Schenectady Mostly Cloudy 27 F 28 / 18 Today 28 / 18 Thursday 21 / 7 Friday 23 / 17 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Closings Weathernet6 Historical Data Freihofer’s SkyCams Daily Almanac Weather App Hurricane Center Freihofer's SkyEye6 Weather Extra Science with Sam Buffalo Plus Buffalo Plus GALLERY: Bills training camp returns to St. John Fisher GALLERY: Bills training camp returns to St. John Fisher An emotional Damar Hamlin presents ESPY award to Bills training staff that saved his life Buffalo Bills safety Damar Hamlin presented the training staff that saved his life with the Pat Tillman Award for Service at the 2023 ESPY Awards. Bills' McDermott hailed for leading through emotional week Jimmye Laycock&rsquo;s first thought during those initial chilling moments went to Damar Hamlin, the Buffalo Bills safety who collapsed on the field in Cincinnati las Hamlin 'in good spirits' at Buffalo hospital as recovery continues Buffalo, N.Y. Bills safety Damar Hamlin remains hospitalized in Buffalo and is said to be "in good spirits" as he continues to undergo tests and evaluations aft Community Community Vermont and New York schools engage in hands-on history with 'Henry Knox in the Classroom' A one-of-a-kind traveling history program has been making its way across schools in Vermont and New York. Substance Abuse Prevention Resources Capital Region, N.Y. (WRGB) &mdash; As joyful as the holidays can be, this time of year also brings circumstances that can increase the likelihood of substance use. M Was Ruby Franke brainwashed?! New Netflix doc director dissects Jodi Hildebrandt's tactics Vlogging and life coaching were lucrative businesses for Ruby Franke and Jodi Hildebrandt. The Utah women were admired, in demand and making a lot of money. But Jingles-ready to "jingle all the way" into your lives I'm Jingles, a big handsome love bug of a ready to "jingle all the way" into your lives just in time for the Holidays. I came in as a stray and am around 3 year Backpack Heroes Call off Hunger CBS 6 Photo Galleries Contests Drive Safe Fall in Love with New York For Pet's Sake Gas Gauge Lifestyle & Entertainment Melodies of Christmas Money Cents New Schenectady Partner Spotlight Furever Homes Primetime Living Directory Positively Upstate Trade Up Things Of My Very Own What Are Your Rights Senior Living Black History Month Healthy Hints Albany Mayor Primary Debate Together For a Better Tomorrow Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 27 ° Thu 22 ° Fri 24 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Nation & World Entertainment Crisis in the Classroom CBS 6 Rewind Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress You Paid For It Amazing America Raw News Web Links Election Town Hall Question of the Day Photo Galleries Chime In Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World Soar Dose of Reality Missing Persons Beyond The Podium Election Results Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Schoharie Limo Trial Saratoga Racing Season Trial of Kevin Monahan Wellness Watch St Rose Closure Power and Politics Tasty Tuesday Evidence Room Marcy Prison Beating Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Closings Weathernet6 Historical Data Freihofer’s SkyCams Daily Almanac Weather App Hurricane Center Freihofer's SkyEye6 Weather Extra Science with Sam Buffalo Plus Community Down Arrow Community Home Backpack Heroes Call off Hunger CBS 6 Photo Galleries Contests Drive Safe Fall in Love with New York For Pet's Sake Gas Gauge Lifestyle & Entertainment Melodies of Christmas Money Cents New Schenectady Partner Spotlight Furever Homes Primetime Living Directory Positively Upstate Trade Up Things Of My Very Own What Are Your Rights Senior Living Black History Month Healthy Hints Albany Mayor Primary Debate Together For a Better Tomorrow Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Local Sports Beyond the Game 5th Quarter Scoreboard NY Baseball Schedule TICKETS City Guide Obituaries Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact People Careers Schedule News Mobile App Sinclair Scholarship Newsletter Sign Up Traffic Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance WCWN WRGB 2016 EEO Amended Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY Capital Region gears up for New Year's Eve events WRGB- The Capital Region is set to welcome the New Year with a variety of activities catering to kids, adults, and families.For those who prefer daytime celebr 'Very Scary': Victims recall car thefts before suspect stole Schoharie sheriff cruiser Victims are speaking out after a car theft investigation in Schoharie County took a dramatic turn when the suspect stole a sheriff patrol cruiser. Violent crime down overall in Albany in 2025, some at lowest levels since 2019 The City of Albany continued to see a decrease in violent and property crime in 2025, with many categories showing decrease percentages in the double digits com MN fraud allegations: House Oversight Chairman announces hearing House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer, R-Ky., announced Wednesday that there would be a hearing on the alleged Minnesota fraud on January 7. VOTE: Should immigrants involved in Minnesota fraud be immediately deported? Do you think the immigrants who were involved in the Minnesota fraud should be immediately deported? Ex-FBI agent says Minnesota's Medicaid fraud prevention layer won't solve current problem Recently the Minnesota Department of Human Services announced that it would be adding another layer of verification for Medicaid payments to prevent fraud. Can Mamdani's vision reshape New York politics? Jason Palmer, a 2024 Democratic presidential candidate and native of the Capital Region, is discussing the potential impact of Zohran Mamdani politics. Albany County projects late 2026/early 2027 for completed Central Warehouse demolition It appears the Central Warehouse saga will continue through 2026...and potentially into 2027, as the Albany County Executive provided a timeline of the building New York State health commissioner concerned about rise in flu cases If you're feeling sick, stay home and avoid large gatherings for the New Year. That's the message from the New York State health commissioner. Albany attorney accused of leaking confidential witness info in homicide case An Albany defense attorney and former prosecutor is accused of leaking confidential witness information in a homicide trial. Local News A look back at the biggest stories at the New York State Capital in 2025 Life at the New York State Capital featured it's usual budget battles, spirited rallies, and floor debates, but also a unique layer of federal government action New York state lawmakers push for Jan. 6 education bill NEW YORK STATE (WRGB) - In her most recent budget, Governor Kathy Hochul made education concerns relating to cell phones and mental health one of her top priori Hochul touts improvements to New York State roadways Governor Kathy Hochul announced that the $3.6 billion invested in state roadway improvements in 2025 paid off.According to the governor's office, this past year New dog shelter to open in Rensselaer The City of Rensselaer is announcing the creation of a city dog shelter. Parking restrictions, road closures in place for Saratoga Springs New Year's Eve fireworks Saratoga Springs is expecting big crowds for New Year’s fireworks. Albany's incoming mayor names her deputy mayor Albany’s new deputy mayor has been named. Christopher Ellis will serve under Mayor-elect Dorcey Applyrs. Ballston man arrested for stabbing neighbor during late-night altercation, police say New York State Police arrested a Ballston man following a reported stabbing.State Police say 61-year-old Richard Marcella of Ballston, was arrested on December See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending 'Very Scary': Victims recall car thefts before suspect stole Schoharie sheriff cruiser Victims are speaking out after a car theft investigation in Schoharie County took a dramatic turn when the suspect stole a sheriff patrol cruiser. New law restricts people with extreme DUI convictions from buying alcohol A new law going into effect on New Year’s Day will restrict people convicted of extreme DUI offenses from buying alcohol. Gov. Hochul announces toll enforcement crackdown, 170 vehicles seized across New York Governor Hochul announced the results of a series of toll enforcement operations conducted this fall on the New York State Thruway. Albany attorney accused of leaking confidential witness info in homicide case An Albany defense attorney and former prosecutor is accused of leaking confidential witness information in a homicide trial. Schoharie County Sheriff's vehicle stolen during investigation into other stolen cars A suspect is in custody following a multi-vehicle crash involving a stolen Schoharie County Sheriff’s Office patrol vehicle early Tuesday morning. Nation & World CIA linked to drone strike on Venezuelan dock allegedly used by drug smugglers: sources Trump described it as a &ldquo;major explosion&rdquo; at a location where boats accused of smuggling drugs were loaded. GALLERY: New Year's Eve celebration kicks off 'Freedom 250' initiative This New Year's Eve, the Washington Monument will be illuminated to start the beginning of a momentous year for the U.S. Trump's 'Freedom 250' lights up Washington Monument as 'world's tallest birthday candle' This New Year’s Eve, the Washington Monument will be illuminated to usher in the beginning of a momentous year for the U.S. President Trump to ring in 2026 at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach President Donald Trump is set to welcome the New Year with a lavish celebration at his Mar-a-Lago estate Wednesday night. Oregon Somali community reacts to national rhetoric on Minnesota fraud allegations A surge of federal officers are cracking down on immigration in Minnesota after fresh allegations of fraud against daycares run by Somali residents. Court order suggests DOJ pushed Abrego Garcia prosecution after mistaken deportation His case drew national attention after he was mistakenly deported to El Salvador in March and brought back to the United States in June under a court order. Fact Check Team: Exploring the roots of US-Venezuela conflict Tensions between the United States and Venezuela are once again climbing. While recent headlines focus on drug smuggling and U.S. strikes tied to trafficking ro See More Right arrow Sports Averill Park girls basketball falls to Harrison in Holiday Invitational Averill Park’s bid for a perfect weekend fell short Sunday, as the Golden Knights dropped a 47-43 decision to Harrison in the Holiday Invitational.The Golden Kn Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Averill Park Girls basketball holds off Our Lady of Lourdes Averill Park held off Our Lady of Lourdes 42-40 in a tightly contested matchup during the Holiday Invitational on Saturday.The game featured multiple lead chang See More Right arrow Entertainment Exes & Ohs: From Britney to Bieber, a New Year’s Eve blast from the past A look back at iconic exes, famous friends, and sexy socialites from NYE past. The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. Stars we lost in 2025: Rob Reiner, Ozzy Osbourne, Hulk Hogan, Diane Keaton & so many more As the year is coming to a close, we remember all the stars who passed away, leaving their legacy and projects behind to be remembered by. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED All aboard Santa's Magical Express! It's the show of the holiday season Are you looking for a fun family activity this holiday season? Join Santa, Mrs. Claus, and their elves on Santa's Magical Express by Yankee Trails for a quest t SPONSORED See the Rockettes like never before this holiday season! The crisp breeze of fall is in the air. It's time to break out cozy sweaters and enjoy the colors that are filling every tree around us. This time of year also SPONSORED Find all your summer and fall essentials at the Lake George Outlets Nothing beats a lovely summer or (early autumn) day on the water at Lake George. It's an instant mood booster to soak in some sun and venture out into open waters and end the day with a nice dinner. Sometimes it's a struggle to find the right fashion looks that will take you from the boat to dinner. In this case, a stop at French Mountain Commons is a must. Check out a new boutique that opened on July 1st-Coastal Society. SPONSORED Sweater weather love: see what's trending this fall Autumn has arrived, and for many people, the minute they feel that chill in the air, they welcome the change of the season by adding leaves, scarecrows, and pumpkins to their home décor. Fall scents abound in their candle choices, and they look forward to fun activities, like apple picking and tailgating at some football games. There are so many things to love about fall, including the sweater weather the season brings! Sweaters are the perfect fashion staple for the season. Why? SPONSORED The perfect place to stay and shop for the weekend It's that time of the year! Pumpkin-spice everything is on everyone's mind, and along with pumpkin spice comes leaf-peeping. Fall foliage in the Adirondacks is the best in the country, so why not plan a weekend getaway in Lake George? If you are looking for fun ideas to incorporate in your leaf-peeping excursion, how does shopping for some great fall sales sound? If you are shouting out YES as you read that sentence, consider the Lake George Outlets for a stay and shop weekend! SPONSORED Cross everything off your back to school list at the Lake George Outlets According to the National Retail Federation, there's record spending expected for 2019 back to school shopping. Families with children in elementary school through high school are expected to spend an average of $696. 70. Families with college students are expected to spend an average of $976. 78. While you may be planning to spend a little bit more this year, why not get the most out of your budget by doing your shopping at Lake George Outlets? SPONSORED Grilling essentials that everyone needs this summer At this time of year, everyone starts thinking about grilling, and what accessories they need to kick their summer cooking up a notch. Consider checking out the Lake George Outlets for all your grilling essentials this season. Start at Le Creuset in the Log Jam Outlets. Le Creuset offers a selection of grill pans and griddles that are not only compatible but also give you that delicious grilled flavor with the convenience of indoor cooking for those rainy summer days. SPONSORED Balsam & Birch is the newest addition at Lake George Outlets The Adirondacks of Northern New York is just a short road trip for most of Northeastern United States, as well as Ontario and Quebec. If you love spending time in nature or if you are a regular visitor of the Adirondacks, then you will love the new addition to the Lake George Outlets. Lake George is happy to announce the opening of Balsam & Birch, now located at the French Mountain Commons between Banana Republic and Jockey. SPONSORED 4 exciting trends for the family this spring If you're looking to up your fashion game this spring and you're unsure of where to start, have no fear! Lake George Outlets has the hottest styles, all of which are sure to spice up your wardrobe. Hurry and head to your favorite stores soon, these trends won't stay on shelves long. 1. For mom: Sweet, soft pastels. Mom will love these free-flow V-neck tees from Banana Republic. They're comfortable, cool, and perfect for a walk on the beach or a day of shopping. SPONSORED Procrastinators, unite! 8 last-minute gifts you can buy right now. If you&rsquo;re the type of person that puts everything off until the last minute, fear not. Even the best procrastinators can find great Christmas gifts (here&rsquo;s looking at you, night-before-Christmas-shoppers). The Lake George Outlets has everything you need for everyone on your list (or even just a quick gift exchange with that coworker you forgot about). Check out a few of their favorite items you can swing by and pick up anytime:1. New dinnerware set. SPONSORED Simple and sweet stocking stuffers that show you care The house is decorated, the cookies are frosted, and the gifts are wrapped. It&rsquo;s almost time for one of the best and most magical days of the year. When the stockings are hung by the chimney with care, you want to make sure that they&rsquo;re filled with gifts your loved ones will actually use and wear. If you need some last-minute inspiration, check out the list below with some great stocking stuffers from the Lake George Outlets. Ties and jewelry. SPONSORED The perfect holiday gifts for your parents and significant other Holiday shopping is in full swing. But why does it feel like the people who are closest to you are the hardest to buy gifts for? Reduce shopping stress by checking out these gifts for mom, dad, and your S. O. , all of which can be found at The Lake George Outlets. For mom. You want to buy your mom the world (she deserves the best, after all). But finding the perfect gift can be a challenge. Consider designer sunglasses. Sunglass Hut offers luxury brands at a reasonable price. Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Positively Upstate Saratoga Springs Youth Ballet preps for Nutcracker (SARATOGA SPRINGS, NY) At the Saratoga Springs Victorian Streetwalk, a crowd gathers outside the window of Lex & Cleo captivated by three ballerinas. It doesn' Mr. G's Hair Gallery celebrates 100 years of style and stories GLOVERSVILLE, N.Y. &mdash; For many in Gloversville, Mr. G's Hair Gallery is more than just a place for a trim; it's a family tradition. Celebrating its 100th anniver Last Man Born in Fort Klock 99-Years-Ago Visits Childhood Home It's rare to find a home that has been in the same family for almost 200 years. Until 1936, a member of the Klock family had lived in a stone homestead. 'JAWS' Marks 50 Years of Scaring Swimmers Out of Water (SCHENECTADY, NY) Whether you're a horror fan or not, if you were around during the summer of 1975 there's a good chance you went to the movies to see 'JAWS.' T Therapy Dogs Make Paw-sitive Impact at Sunnyview Rehabilitation Hospital When we think of pet therapy programs in a healthcare setting, it's usually a benefit designed for patients - not staff. Getting in the Harness with Scalers at Thacher State Park It's probably not normal to have no fear when climbing over the edge of a cliff... even if you do it for a living. CBS6 Morning Anchor Reacts To Going Viral After Doing Newscast in Labor (NISKAYUNA, NY) Only a week old and baby Quincy is already known throughout the world after his mom, CBS6 morning anchor, Olivia Jaquith, went viral when her wa Man Behind the Squeeze-Box at Panza's Restaurant (SARATOGA SPRINGS, NY) He's been playing the accordion for more than seven decades, traveling the world and bringing joy to thousands of listeners. Today, you New York's Oldest Drive-In Opens for 77th Continuous Season (NORTH HOOSICK, NY) In the Capital Region, we're lucky to have many 'reel' pieces of Americana to enjoy during the summer season. It's a little known fact that Instrumental in Spreading Joy: Local Musician Donates New Guitars to Shelters of Saratoga Paul Matolsy has been playing the guitar for 60 years. Even with arthritis that leaves him with little feeling in his hands, you'd never know as you hear him pl New Bike Park Dream Come True for Youth Mountain Biking Group You've heard the saying, 'one idea can change the world,' right? From sand-free skin to Croc-avators: how one teen's creativity led to a six-figure success He's only a senior in high school and already raking in 6-figures with his own business that started in his bedroom. Lost class ring found in drain brings sisters a comforting sign from their late father Sometimes after a loved one has passed away, you get signs that they're still with you. That's exactly what happened to two sisters in Saratoga Springs recently Saratoga Senior Center Invites Public To 70th Anniversary Celebration From it's humble beginnings with just 35 members, to now boasting over 3-thousand, the Saratoga Senior Center has truly blossomed over the past 70 years. Rescuers' swift action and training save 32-year-old mare stranded in snowy field An elderly horse is back on her feet thanks to the vigilance of her owner and some specially trained rescuers. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page You Paid For It Mario M. Cuomo, Tappan Zee: What to name the famed rebuilt bridge? CBS6 has done a number of You Paid For It reports over the past couple of years about the Mario M. Cuomo Bridge &mdash; the bridge that crosses the Hudson River downs State Police plan slow phase in of new, gray cars CBS6 has wondered where the fleet of gray patrol cars the New York State Police promised us almost a year ago is.It was back in February when we told you State Albany County D.A.'s office recovers grant money after Soares' bonus controversy It’s been more than a year, but the Albany County District Attorney’s office has just gotten back the NYS grant money returned by former D.A David Soares, after See More Right arrow Connect to Congress Republican moderates defy party leaders to force vote on ACA tax credits extension The tension in the Capitol had been building for weeks &mdash; a quiet, humming anxiety that threaded through late-night committee rooms and whispered conversations i Government shutdown to stretch into next week with Senate on recess and no end in sight The government shutdown entered a 24th day on Friday as lawmakers remain deeply divided on a plan to reopen the government. Lawmakers renew vows to address online safety for kids in long-delayed void Congress is trying to gear up for another run at addressing a longstanding problem with protecting children online after years of promises to crack down. Retirements pile up as lawmakers see dysfunction and brutal midterm cycle More lawmakers are showing themselves out of Congress instead of running for reelection amid complaints about the legislative branch’s dysfunction. See More Right arrow Crisis in the Classroom Superintendent: Rensselaer students return to class following immigration concern Two Rensselaer City School District students are back in the classroom following a situation appearing to relate to their immigration status that prompted conce Rensselaer school leaders express concern over potential student detentions by ICE Leaders in the Rensselaer City School District voiced profound concern and offered support Monday regarding two students who were ordered to report to a federal New York schools serve over 150 million free meals to students Governor Hochul announced that schools across New York State have served more than 150 million free meals to students since the start of the school year. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance WCWN WRGB 2016 EEO Amended Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Traffic Station Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.