Austin News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News CBS Austin's Top 10 Trending Stories of 2025 This year has certainly been an eventful one here in central Texas.From catastrophic floods to dog rescues to one big home explosion, CBS Austin brings you our Sandy Creek community raises $100K to rebuild flood victim's home The Sandy Creek community has rallied together to provide a significant gift to one of its own this holiday season. Ashlee Willis, whose home was destroyed in t Former Austin police officer Christopher Taylor acquitted in 2019 fatal shooting case An appeals court has overturned the conviction of a former Austin police officer who was sentenced to prison in connection with the 2019 shooting death of 46-ye Ticket prices low as Texas and Michigan face off Citrus Bowl matchup Texas and Michigan, two of college football's most storied programs, are set to clash in the Cheez-It Citrus Bowl in Orlando. It comes outside the College Footb Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Marshals' Most Wanted Connect to Congress Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World beyond the podium Amazing America Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Traffic Crisis in the Classroom ProAdvice Texas Politics Tech this Out Where's our Water? Weather Current Weather Austin Sunny 53 F 69 / 43 Today 69 / 43 Thursday 74 / 59 Friday 86 / 55 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Cams Weather Alert Days Hurricane Center Allergens Weather Blog Weather App We Are Austin We Are Austin Best of We Are Austin! A look back at some of our favorite guests of 2025 As the year comes to a close, "We Are Austin" is taking a delightful trip down memory lane with the "Best of Austin 2025."From local eats to live music, star-s We Are Austin's Haam Music Monday Powered by FVF Law 2025 Playlist Show! Austin, Texas--The We Are Austin team wrapped up a special musical celebration with its Best of 2025 Playlist, spotlighting standout Haam Music Monday performan Celebrating Kwanzaa: Culture, Community, and Unity at the Carver Museum! AUSTIN, Texas &mdash; Kwanzaa is a time to celebrate heritage, unity, and the power of community, and Austinites will soon have the opportunity to take part in a mean Daytime TV Fans Rejoice: CBS Unveils New Soapy Podcast AUSTIN, Texas &mdash; Daytime television fans are in for a treat as CBS launches Soapy, a new audio and video podcast hosted by soap opera stars Rebecca Budig and Gre Road Trippin' My Hometown Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Holiday Gift Guide Kindness in the Air Sports Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Dripping Springs' catcher earns national recognition A Dripping Springs softball player earned a national award. It’s only the second time a player from Texas received this honor.Dripping Springs junior Lorelie Ga Don Garber on his future with MLS: The league 'needs to have new thinking’ MLS Commissioner Don Garber on Lionel Messi, promotion-relegation and his own future with the league. Urban Meyer, legendary Ohio State University coach inducted into Hall of Fame "Triple Option" host and legendary college football head coach, Urban Meyer, was inducted to the College Football Hall of Fame on Tuesday night. High School College Professional TICKETS City Guide Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Watch Live Now 53 ° Thu 74 ° Fri 86 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Marshals' Most Wanted Connect to Congress Armstrong Army Strong Inside Your World beyond the podium Amazing America Spotlight on America Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Traffic Crisis in the Classroom ProAdvice Texas Politics Tech this Out Where's our Water? Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Cams Weather Alert Days Hurricane Center Allergens Weather Blog Weather App We Are Austin Down Arrow We Are Austin Home Road Trippin' My Hometown Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Holiday Gift Guide Kindness in the Air Sports Down Arrow Sports Home High School College Professional TICKETS City Guide Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Newsletter Sign Up Station Down Arrow Station Home Contact People Careers EEO Terms Copyright Privacy Mobile Apps Contests Schedule Commercial Production Newsletter Sign Up NextGen TV Community Partner Program Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY CBS Austin's Top 10 Trending Stories of 2025 This year has certainly been an eventful one here in central Texas.From catastrophic floods to dog rescues to one big home explosion, CBS Austin brings you our Former Austin police officer Christopher Taylor acquitted in 2019 fatal shooting case An appeals court has overturned the conviction of a former Austin police officer who was sentenced to prison in connection with the 2019 shooting death of 46-ye Austin activates Cold Weather Shelters overnight as temperatures drop to mid-30s The City of Austin is opening overnight cold weather shelters on Tuesday, Dec. 30, as temperatures are expected to fall into the mid-30s.The Austin Homeless St MN fraud allegations: House Oversight Chairman announces hearing House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer, R-Ky., announced Wednesday that there would be a hearing on the alleged Minnesota fraud on January 7. VOTE: Should immigrants involved in Minnesota fraud be immediately deported? Do you think the immigrants who were involved in the Minnesota fraud should be immediately deported? Ex-FBI agent says Minnesota's Medicaid fraud prevention layer won't solve current problem Recently the Minnesota Department of Human Services announced that it would be adding another layer of verification for Medicaid payments to prevent fraud. Aircraft crash near Fredericksburg leaves one dead, brush fire sparked by crash contained One person was killed after a small aircraft crashed in a rural area near Fredericksburg on Tuesday.Fredericksburg Fire EMS shared details about the crash in a Kyle police arrest four, seize drugs and weapons in holiday traffic stops along I-35 Four individuals were arrested in Kyle during three separate traffic stops along the Interstate 35 corridor between Dec. 25 and Dec. 27.Officers discovered a va APD Patrol K9 Jax, vital in 227 arrests, passes away days before his planned retirement The Austin Police Department announced the passing of Patrol K9 Jax, a Belgian Malinois who served with the department for over nine years, just days before his Travis County issues burn ban in unincorporated areas amid wildfire risk through Jan 2026 A burn ban has been issued for the unincorporated areas of Travis County, effective immediately, and will remain in place through Jan. 6, 2026, unless lifted ea Local News Sandy Creek community raises $100K to rebuild flood victim's home The Sandy Creek community has rallied together to provide a significant gift to one of its own this holiday season. Ashlee Willis, whose home was destroyed in t Ticket prices low as Texas and Michigan face off Citrus Bowl matchup Texas and Michigan, two of college football's most storied programs, are set to clash in the Cheez-It Citrus Bowl in Orlando. It comes outside the College Footb Body discovered in search for 19-year-old Camila Olmos SAN ANTONIO - The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office has announced that a body, which may be that of missing 19-year-old Camila Olmos, has been found.According to in Suspect taken into custody following Georgetown SWAT incident Georgetown, Texas Police DepartmentrnedotSposmfh50727849l10l678i70tit3i890m29079fth6gt4tih8ul78We are currently working a barricaded subject incident in the 10 Suspect in New Braunfels shooting arrested, victim in stable condition A suspect wanted in connection with a shooting in New Braunfels was taken into custody Monday night after a week-long manhunt. Police seek suspects in auto theft and debit card fraud in NW Austin Police are actively searching for four suspects involved in an auto theft and debit card abuse case from early December in northwest Austin. Start the new year with a splash: join the Polar Bear tradition at Austin's Barton Springs The Polar Bear Splash returns to Barton Springs on New Year’s Day, inviting brave swimmers to take the icy dip and support the Save Our Springs Alliance. See More Right arrow Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending Suspect taken into custody following Georgetown SWAT incident Georgetown, Texas Police DepartmentrnedotSposmfh50727849l10l678i70tit3i890m29079fth6gt4tih8ul78We are currently working a barricaded subject incident in the 10 Police seek suspects in auto theft and debit card fraud in NW Austin Police are actively searching for four suspects involved in an auto theft and debit card abuse case from early December in northwest Austin. Body discovered in search for 19-year-old Camila Olmos SAN ANTONIO - The Bexar County Sheriff’s Office has announced that a body, which may be that of missing 19-year-old Camila Olmos, has been found.According to in Kyle police arrest four, seize drugs and weapons in holiday traffic stops along I-35 Four individuals were arrested in Kyle during three separate traffic stops along the Interstate 35 corridor between Dec. 25 and Dec. 27.Officers discovered a va Former Austin police officer Christopher Taylor acquitted in 2019 fatal shooting case An appeals court has overturned the conviction of a former Austin police officer who was sentenced to prison in connection with the 2019 shooting death of 46-ye Nation & World Third oil tanker under US pursuit raises appears with Russian flag on its side Federal authorities reported the oil tanker has been under U.S. sanctions since last year for transporting Iranian oil, which is sold to finance terrorism. Concerns rise over Minnesota's same-day registration amid welfare fraud scandal The attention comes as the state has been riddled with widespread fraud and corruption. Gas prices plummet to pandemic-era lows, giving holiday travelers a much-needed break Prices at the gas pump are the lowest since the coronavirus pandemic and they are still falling, giving consumers wallets a break as the new year starts. CIA linked to drone strike on Venezuelan dock allegedly used by drug smugglers: sources Trump described it as a &ldquo;major explosion&rdquo; at a location where boats accused of smuggling drugs were loaded. GALLERY: New Year's Eve celebration kicks off 'Freedom 250' initiative This New Year's Eve, the Washington Monument will be illuminated to start the beginning of a momentous year for the U.S. Trump's 'Freedom 250' lights up Washington Monument as 'world's tallest birthday candle' This New Year’s Eve, the Washington Monument will be illuminated to usher in the beginning of a momentous year for the U.S. President Trump to ring in 2026 at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach President Donald Trump is set to welcome the New Year with a lavish celebration at his Mar-a-Lago estate Wednesday night. See More Right arrow Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Dripping Springs' catcher earns national recognition A Dripping Springs softball player earned a national award. It’s only the second time a player from Texas received this honor.Dripping Springs junior Lorelie Ga Don Garber on his future with MLS: The league 'needs to have new thinking’ MLS Commissioner Don Garber on Lionel Messi, promotion-relegation and his own future with the league. See More Right arrow Entertainment Exes & Ohs: From Britney to Bieber, a New Year’s Eve blast from the past A look back at iconic exes, famous friends, and sexy socialites from NYE past. The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. Stars we lost in 2025: Rob Reiner, Ozzy Osbourne, Hulk Hogan, Diane Keaton & so many more As the year is coming to a close, we remember all the stars who passed away, leaving their legacy and projects behind to be remembered by. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Kindness in the Air highlights Heroes Resource Center during the holiday season As the holiday season arrives, Goettl Air Conditioning and Plumbing continues its commitment to uplifting the Austin community through its Kindness in the Air i SPONSORED Thinking about solar? It’s easier than ever for homeowners! Going solar in Austin just got simpler &mdash; and potentially more rewarding &mdash; thanks to a major online update from Austin Energy. SPONSORED Smile smarter: Redefining modern orthodontic care in Austin If you’ve been thinking about improving your smile, there’s one name in Austin that’s changing the game&mdash;Limestone Hills Orthodontics. SPONSORED The dangers of drunk driving in Austin: Keeping our roads safe DWI in AustinAustin&rsquo;s lively culture and bustling nightlife draw residents and visitors alike. However, these same attractions often lead to impaired driving in SPONSORED A Community Bank Puts an Emphasis on Local Being able to trust where you keep your money can make managing your finances much smoother. When that establishment also prides itself on being community-cente SPONSORED Renowned Texas tasting room toasts to 10 years Deep in the heart of Texas, specifically Dripping Springs, sits a spot dedicated to bringing people together for carefree good times. The Deep Eddy Vodka Tastin SPONSORED Living in or visiting Austin? Get your city helper on speed dial! Enjoy the vivid sights of Texas' capital while contributing to its safety and security. Austin 3-1-1, a convenient city resource that serves as a direct line to SPONSORED Dinner discussions: Farmers welcome opportunity to connect with consumers It may come as a surprise that less than 2% of the U.S. population is involved in growing something everyone needs daily &ndash; food! In 1900, more than 40% of the w SPONSORED Alert! Austin 3-1-1 is your city helper on speed dial Did you know the Austin 3-1-1 hub is for anyone who is living or visiting Austin? This hub helps Austin residents and guests submit service requests and get acc SPONSORED Tips for avoiding solar scams and selecting a contractor Installing solar panels is a significant investment for homeowners. The decision should not be taken lightly, and it is crucial to partner with a credible contr SPONSORED The top 6 benefits of domestically grown food Domestically grown food plays a crucial role in the American food supply chain, offering numerous benefits that extend beyond mere sustenance. By understanding SPONSORED Kindness Is In The Air: 6 months of transformative community support and generosity Goettl has now donated a total of $6000 through its 'Kindness Is In The Air' initiative, showcasing the company&rsquo;s unwavering commitment to community welfare and Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page We Are Austin Celebrating Kwanzaa: Culture, Community, and Unity at the Carver Museum! AUSTIN, Texas &mdash; Kwanzaa is a time to celebrate heritage, unity, and the power of community, and Austinites will soon have the opportunity to take part in a mean Best of We Are Austin! A look back at some of our favorite guests of 2025 As the year comes to a close, "We Are Austin" is taking a delightful trip down memory lane with the "Best of Austin 2025."From local eats to live music, star-s We Are Austin's Haam Music Monday Powered by FVF Law 2025 Playlist Show! Austin, Texas--The We Are Austin team wrapped up a special musical celebration with its Best of 2025 Playlist, spotlighting standout Haam Music Monday performan Glow Through the Holidays with LePA European Esthetics AUSTIN, Texas &mdash; Welcome back to We Are Austin’s Holiday Gift Guide! If luxury, relaxation, and glowing skin are on your holiday wish list, LePA European Estheti Holiday Gift Guide! Texas Historical Commission unveils gifts with a Texas history twist The Texas Historical Commission is adding a touch of history to your holiday shopping with their new online store.Chris Florence and Angela Hawley shared that Holiday Gift Guide! Schlotzsky's Greek-inspired delights and customer appreciation deals Schlotzsky's is spicing up the holiday season with a Mediterranean twist!Summer Schott from Schlotzsky's joined Sierra Waggoner and Trevor Scott in the studio t We Are Austin Holiday Gift Guide: Glow-Worthy Gifts from Face Foundrié AUSTIN, Texas &mdash; As the We Are Austin Gift Guide series continues, viewers are getting fresh inspiration for meaningful holiday giving. This week, Trevor Scott a Shake up some holiday spirit with Texas-made Weber Ranch Vodka, made with Blue Weber Agave Get ready to toast the season with a splash of Weber Ranch Vodka! Whether you're hosting a festive gathering or searching for the perfect gift, this unique vodk Blushing Belle Boutique Kicks Off We Are Austin's Annual Holiday Gift Guide in Style! Autin, Texas--- We Are Austin launched its annual Holiday Gift Guide series with a festive fashion focus, spotlighting Blushing Belle Boutique as the season’s f Daytime TV Fans Rejoice: CBS Unveils New Soapy Podcast AUSTIN, Texas &mdash; Daytime television fans are in for a treat as CBS launches Soapy, a new audio and video podcast hosted by soap opera stars Rebecca Budig and Gre Tunes Tuesday Spotlight: The Levites Bring Soulful Sounds to Austin AUSTIN, Texas &mdash; It’s Tunes Tuesday on We Are Austin, and the city’s soulful sounds are center stage with local powerhouse vocal group, The Levites.This group i Last-Minute Stocking Stuffers & Winter Beauty Must-Haves with Jamie O' Beauty and Lifestyle Expert, Jamie O’Donnell, is here with some tips on affordable last minute stocking stuffers and self-care winter beauty must haves.One of m Looking Ahead: Life Time Shares the Biggest Health Trends for 2026 Austin, Texas- As the New Year approaches, many are thinking about ways to refresh their health and fitness routines. Lindsay Ogden, certified personal trainer Dallas Safari Club Convention: Where Adventure Meets Conservation Outdoor enthusiasts are emerging as a powerful force in global wildlife conservation, with hunters and conservationists teaming up to fund real progress for wil Menopause and the Holidays: Expert Tips from Dr. Sabrina Fabi AUSTIN, Texas &mdash; The holiday season can be especially challenging for the more than 50 million women navigating menopause, as stress, travel, and disrupted routi See More Right arrow Previous page Next page Marshals' Most Wanted U.S. Marshals capture Austin homicide suspect in Louisiana after months-long search The U.S. Marshals Lone Star Fugitive Task Force captured and arrested a suspect wanted for homicide and assault family violence out of Austin in the Western Dis U.S. Marshals seek help in finding Edgar Talamantes for violating release terms The U.S. Marshals Lone Star Fugitive Task Force needs your help in locating 36-year-old Edgar Talamantes.According to officials, Talamantes is wanted for a supe U.S. Marshals seek help in finding 41-year-old Kevin Michael Waguespack for 2015 murder The U.S. Marshals Lone Star Fugitive Task Force needs your help in locating 41-year-old Kevin Michael Waguespack.According to officials, Waguespack is wanted fo See More Right arrow Coronavirus US going through first increase in COVID since end of national emergency The U.S. is seeing a rise in coronavirus cases for the first time since the public health emergency was ended in May. Midwife pleads guilty to destroying 2,600 COVID-19 vaccines and issuing fraudulent cards A midwife pleaded guilty to federal fraud charges for her role in giving out thousands of COVID-19 immunization cards to people who didn't get the vaccine. Cuomo says New Yorkers 'should be very proud' on COVID-19, but 'federal government failed' Former New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo testified about how he handled the COVID-19 pandemic. Cuomo has been accused of misrepresenting the number of deaths. Pandemic aid fraud inspector general: 'Not much surprises us anymore' Since Monday, more than a dozen people have been charged, convicted or sentenced in separate cases related to COVID-19 relief fraud. See More Right arrow Project Gridlock Austin City Council votes to ask TxDOT to delay funding I-35 expansion Austin City Council voted to delay funding the I-35 expansion to study greenhouse gas reduction. Austin competing to get $105 million to build caps & stitches over I-35 The City of Austin is trying to get $105 million in federal dollars to transform Interstate-35 through downtown Austin. On Thursday, the Austin City Council aut Three groups sue TxDOT over I-35 Capital Express expansion projects The Texas Public Interest Research Group (TexPIRG), Environment Texas, and the Rethink35 campaign has filed a lawsuit against the Texas Department of Transporta See More Right arrow Road Trippin' Road Trippin' with Mayfield Dairy Queen! The holidays are here, and if you have family in town or you're looking for something new to do with the kiddos on break, Trevor Scott went on a fun adventure you'll want to keep in mind! Mr. Mayfield from Mayfield Dairy Queen loaned us their iconic red pickup truck to go Road Trippin' around central Texas. At Mayfield DQ their motto is "Making Happy Memories"  so Trevor checked out the Play for All Park, where you and your family can do just that! Road Trippin' Port Aransas: Live the island life full-time with the Saltwater Shores team It's easy to imagine how some people will go to Port Aransas for a vacation, but decide they want to stay! So if you need a great real estate agent that knows the Port A area, the Saltwater Shores team has you covered. Learned how this dynamic duo helps you find your own slice of beach paradise. Follow us on Instagram and Twitter @WeAreAustin and find us on Facebook at We Are Austin Lifestyle Show. And Follow Trevor Scott on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter @TrevorScottATX. Road Trippin' Port Aransas: Escape to the beach and watch the full show now! We&rsquo;re officially in vacation mode! In this episode of Road Trippin' Port Aransas, we'll explore this enchanting beach town by land, and by sea! From must-eat meals and dining destinations to the best souvenir stops and delightful local shops. And we&rsquo;ll flex our creative muscles to support local arts. So set your clocks to island time and join us to start planning your summer beach getaway. Road Trippin' Port Aransas: Spend the day at sea on a fun excursion from Fisherman's Wharf For fans of fishing, Fisherman's Wharf is the spot to come to hopefully find your perfect catch! Whether you're a beginner or a deep-sea pro, they have a tour for everyone and a couple of special boats with a very special history. Follow us on Instagram and Twitter @WeAreAustin and find us on Facebook at We Are Austin Lifestyle Show. And Follow Trevor Scott on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter @TrevorScottATX. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report FCC Info FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2025 Sinclair, Inc.