Pushpay - Online Church Giving & Church Management Software SEARCH SIGN IN PERSONAL SIGN IN Sign into your personal account to make a donation, view transactions, manage recurring gifts or update your profile & payment method. ADMINISTRATOR SIGN IN Admin sign in for our Giving, ChurchStaq and MAS customers 1-844-PUSHPAY PLANS FOR CHURCHES Product Suite ChurchStaq™ Grow generosity and engagement with one powerful suite of easy-to-use giving, church management, and reporting tools. Giving A powerful giving platform proven to increase generosity ChMS Church management software that grows with you Apps Custom apps designed to increase engagement Insights Actionable insights to keep a pulse on your church’s health Resi Media Ultra-reliable live video streaming to reach and grow your audience Explore Plans → Compare Integrations Product Tours Product Updates FOR PARISHES Product Suite ParishStaq™ Unified ecosystem to fulfill your mission. ParishStaq™ for Diocese Designed in collaboration with diocesan leaders to address the mission of the Catholic Church. Giving A powerful giving platform proven to increase generosity ChMS Seamless management software that grows with you Apps Custom apps to engage your parishioners and leaders Insights Actionable insights to keep a pulse on your parish's health Resi Media Professional live streaming, multisite video, and content library solutions Explore Plans → Compare Integrations Product Tours Product Updates SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS Donor Management Grow generosity in your ministry with donor development and insights Communications Create tailored church communications to build community Worship Planning Plan and manage all aspects of your worship service Reporting and Insights Church metrics and insights to grow your ministry Volunteer Scheduling Encourage and increase participation in your ministry Event Management End-to-end event planning software for your ministry Content and Media Curate church media and communications for your community Integrations Plays well with others Testimonials Proven ministry impact Compare See how we stack up PRODUCT SUITES ChurchStaq™ Comprehensive church software built to grow community, generosity, and engagement. ParishStaq™ Fully integrated diocesan and parish software to increase stewardship and evangelization. Resi Ultra-reliable live video streaming to reach and grow your audience. Security Integrations Explore Pastor Resources SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS Donor Management Grow generosity in your ministry with donor development and insights Communications Create tailored church communications to build community Worship Planning Plan and manage all aspects of your worship service Reporting and Insights Church metrics and insights to grow your ministry Volunteer Scheduling Encourage and increase participation in your ministry Event Management End-to-end event planning software for your ministry Content and Media Curate church media and communications for your community PRODUCT Giving Simple and powerful giving platform to increase generosity Apps Church apps designed to increase engagement and leadership in your community ChMS Seamless church management software that scales and grows with your church Security Integrations RESOURCE The Church Technology Buyer's Guide EXPLORE Blog Customer Stories Events Podcast Pushpay University Resources Webinars COMPANY About Careers Press Support Contact Developers GET DEMO The church engagement platform that grows generosity and deepens connection Unify giving, groups, and engagement to see every ministry moment. Guide each person's spiritual journey, from first-time visitor to devoted disciple. Book my demo Award-winning customer support Bronze Stevie® Winner, Customer Service Department of the Year 2025 New Catch up on our major AI announcements and see what innovations are coming next. Trusted by 14,000+ churches $235M in at-risk donations secured annually For churches For parishes Giving Software that actively grows generosity Know where donors are in their journey, see patterns in giving trends, and automatically secure at-risk donations. QuickGive with Apple Pay Give in under 6 seconds with QuickGive. No account creation. No phone verification Everygift® Proprietary technology that secures and grows generosity by preventing transaction failures, recovering missed gifts, and converting offline donors. Learn about Everygift® more → AI for Giving Data Ask your data questions and get real-time insights into giving trends, donor patterns, and opportunities for action. Tap-to-Give Pushpay + VisitorReach introduce VisitorTap: a simple phone tap gives attendees instant access to giving and church resources. Stock & Crypto Pushpay + Engiven make stock and crypto giving effortless with simple setup and zero annual fees. Tour Giving Learn about Giving “We’re so thankful for Pushpay and how it has changed our day-to-day operations as a church. We have much less double-entry, accessible giving options and our staff sees the value in the system and uses it.” “Before Pushpay, we were less than $100,000 a year (from giving). After the first year with Pushpay, giving jumped up to $120,000, then up to $200,000, then $360,000, and this last year, giving was over $500,000 received through Pushpay. The system does a lot of the work. “ Kamy Beattie Chris Kozlowski Coram Deo Bible Church St. Isidore Church ChMS Church management that unites your people, data, and ministry See how your community engages, track growth across ministries, and act on insights that help every person take their next step in faith. AI for People Search Connect with the right people in seconds—AI-powered people search turns simple questions into instant, accurate results. SacramentTracker Automate every milestone of the sacramental journey. Keep formation moving without losing sight of a single person. Process Queues Automate next steps for connection, and follow-up. Keep your ministry flowing without missing a single person. LEAD App Equip staff and ministry leaders with a mobile ChMS to manage processes, record notes, and follow up in real time. Customizable Forms Simplify event and registration sign-ups, allowing multiple participants and payments in one seamless form. Reporting & Insights Make data-driven decisions with centralized dashboards, customizable reports, and easy-to-use search and filters. Tour ChMS Learn about ChMS “The best tool out there for ensuring our attendees receive the care and support they need. It is also an indispensable part of our event and facilities management!” “While we cannot measure a person’s heart, we can measure their involvement – how they serve, what they attend, and where they choose to give their money . At the macro level, that data can then be used to measure not only how effective we were in forming missionary disciples, but at the micro level, are we forming hearts for Jesus.” Andrew Rutledge Lisa Sliker Central Community Church Our Lady of Perpetual Help Apps Give, serve, connect in one app Everything your members need: groups, messaging, scheduling, serving, check-in, unified in one app. In-App Giving Make mobile giving easy and accessible. Members can give anytime, view giving history, and access statements in-app. Groups with Build-In Messaging Connect your community. Message groups, create needs like meal trains, track attendance, and RSVP for events from your phone. Volunteer Scheduling Easily manage volunteer schedules. Set availability, accept requests, and find your replacements from your phone. Touchless Check-In Put check-in in members' hands. Pre-check in from your car, get a barcode for touchless entry, and receive text notifications. Sermon Content Engage with spiritual content anytime. Watch live streams, access sermons, and follow along with interactive sermon notes from your phone. Tour Apps Learn about Apps “We have everything from our livestream to giving to small group signups to prayer concerns being shared with our app. It has become our single most important resource for communicating our mission & ministry to our people!” “I’ve been at various parishes where they’ve been building new projects and they haven’t had a tool like Pushpay, the digital tools in this time and age are immensely helpful for a church to allow its people to give generously from their hearts.” Jim White Rev. David Hust First United Methodist Church of Palmdale St. Anthony of Padua Insights Church engagement analytics See giving and engagement in one view. Know your church’s health, spot trends, and take action with real-time insights. All Your Data Centralize giving, attendance, and serving data to see your church’s overall health and track engagement trends at a glance. Engagement Overview Centralize giving, attendance, and serving data to see your church’s overall health and track engagement trends at a glance. Actionable Insights Turn same-day data into action. Identify trends, spot disengagement early, and respond quickly to keep people connected. Granular Reporting Drill down from big-picture trends to individual engagement details with filters, comparisons, and dynamic visualizations. Tour Insights Learn about Insights “There is so much potential for amazing data mining and being able to really catch people falling through the cracks before they fall all the way out. I can easily see Insights becoming part of my weekly reporting routine for ministries—and they will LOVE IT.” David Miller Asbury United Methodist Church Bring it all together Grow generosity and engagement with one powerful suite of easy-to-use giving, church management, engagement, and reporting tools. Learn about ChurchStaq + + + 0 % Digital giving boost With ChMS and Giving, digital givers, on average, give 24% more in a month than offline givers. 0 % Total dollars increase Annually, customers with Staq receive an average of 12% more in total dollars given. 0 % Digital giver growth On average, customers who use ChMS and Giving together see 65% more digital givers. Video Live streaming & on-demand content Resi’s reliable live streaming platform allows you to stream confidently, and includes state-of-the-art tools and AI features that foster meaningful connection long after the camera turns off. Learn more about Resi Brandon Rees Connection Pointe Christian Church "Not only is all of our content through Resi now available to our community 24/7, but we have a lot more flexibility to curate a rich experience to encourage more engagement with our ministry content." PLUS: 100+ integrations No need to start from scratch. With Pushpay, you can link your existing software tools and databases into one harmonious system. See all integrations Featured resources Discover insights, guides, and tools to help your ministry thrive. Read more articles The Future of Connection: Introducing the State of Church Technology 2025 Report Read article Church Tech Check Download The Engagement Journey: Know your flock Read article Innovation that sparks ministry action: Pushpay’s intentional approach to AI Read article In the press Pushpay Launches New AI Solutions, Turning Ministry Moments into Meaningful Action for the Church December 10, 2025 Pushpay and 9 Embers Launch Agent 9, an AI-Powered Assistant for Ministry Teams November 4, 2025 Ready to transform your ministry? Join thousands who are already using Pushpay to strengthen their communities and amplify their mission. Get a demo PRODUCTS & SUITES ChurchStaq™ ParishStaq™ Insights Resi Giving Apps Church Management Software SOLUTIONS & FEATURES Check-in Communications Content and Media Church App Church Giving Donor Management Event Management Processes Reporting and Insights Schedules Solutions Streaming Text Giving Tithing Volunteer Scheduling Worship Planning Download Church App Download Lead App RESOURCES Blog Events Podcast Resources Compare Customer Stories Careers SUPPORT Support Contact Developers Integrations Pushpay University CONTENT GUIDES Church Giving Guide Church Growth Guide How to Write a Sermon Church Tech Buying Guide facebook [#176] Created with Sketch. instagram [#167] Created with Sketch. linkedin [#161] Created with Sketch. © 2025 Pushpay Holdings Security Privacy Policy Terms of Use