Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona | CCCB Skip to main content CCCB CCCB Lab Kosmopolis Public Space Xcèntric Català Castellano English Buy tickets Visit Exhibitions & Activities Create & Learn Videos & Publications EN Català Castellano English Exhibitions Rodoreda, a Forest Until 25 May 2026 Family Mediation Space «A Garden for Rodoreda» Until 25 May 2026 Audiovisuals Christmas Screenings Children’s Short Films by Abbas Kiarostami 23 December — 4 January Rodoreda, a Forest See the full playlist Rodoreda, a European Author Transits, Readings and Work Mercè Rodoreda: the Beautiful and the Terrible A morning with Neus Penalba Neus Penalba and Marta Nadal Exhibition Opening Lecture: "Rodoreda, a Forest" Georges Didi-Huberman: “Emotions are unclassifiable” Inside the exhibition “In the Troubled Air…” Georges Didi-Huberman is one of the European philosophers who has most deeply reflected on the impact of images in art and contemporary culture. As curator of the exhibition “In the Troubled Air … Image, emotion, utopia”, he questions the nature of human emotions ... Watch the video Timothy Snyder: “Freedom is a practice that must be defended every day” Historian Timothy Snyder examines how freedom, often taken for granted, is, in reality, a fragile asset that demands constant vigilance and action. In this interview, he reflects on the threats facing modern democracies – from authoritarianism to disinformation – and explores how ... Watch the video Did you miss it? Catch up on talks and articles in the CCCB digital archive See all the content RADAR #15 Borja Bagunyà Resting by Parts – Rest Without Compromise Irene Pujadas Rodoreda, a European Author Transits, Readings and Work To Refuse the World Ignasi Torrent Agenda See the full programme 5 December 2025 — 25 May 2026 Exhibition Rodoreda, a Forest 5 December 2025 — 25 May 2026 Family Mediation Space «A Garden for Rodoreda» 10 December 2025 — 26 February 2026 Courses and workshops European Prize for Urban Public Space 2026. Registration now open 2 — 4 January 2026 Audiovisuals + Family Christmas Screenings: Children’s Short Films by Abbas Kiarostami 12 January 2026 Friends of the CCCB Guided tour and presentation of the exhibition "Rodoreda, a Forest" 13 January 2026 Debate Raül Garrigasait and Toni Sala. Gold Veins: Creation and Tradition 17 January 2026 Scene Poetry Slam Barcelona. Creation Based on the Word and the Scene 19 January 2026 Debate Maria Sevilla and Blanca Llum Vidal. The Ambivalence of Desire Christmas Opening times Check the Christmas and New Year opening hours on our website. More info Become a Friend of the CCCB This Christmas, treat someone (or yourself!) to Friends of the CCCB. Friends of the CCCB have an annual membership card that allows them free admission to CCCB activities produced in house and exclusive proposals, as well as discounts on other activities. Special promotion until 8 January More info Newsletter Sign up for the CCCB’s newsletters Subscribe ✕ This email address is incorrect Your data will be processed to send you the CCCB’s newsletters. For more information and how to exercise your rights, see the privacy policy . ✕ Required field. Follow us Become a Friend! The CCCB Touring activities Publications Electronic office Transparency Venue hire Press Work at the CCCB Contractor profile Electronic invoice Become a Friend! Montalegre, 5 - 08001 Barcelona 93 306 41 00 - [email protected] The CCCB is a consortium formed by Contact Ethical mailbox Legal notice Privacy Policy Cookies policy