CCC Intelligent Solutions - Powering Intelligent Experiences NEW RELEASE: Crash Course Q4 2025 is here! READ REPORT Skip to Main Solutions For Repairers CCC ONE Estimating Write better estimates faster with tools trusted by collision repair shops. Repair Drive repair quality with tools that improve planning, consistency, and performance. Consumer Engagement Improve capture with custom website, digital appointments, financing, and review management. Shop Management Reduce errors with a single system for estimating, shop management, and invoicing. Parts Order parts quickly with access to thousands of parts suppliers’ inventory. Shop Payments Simplify inbound payments and consumer financing with integrated solutions. For Insurers APD Create connected, empathetic claims experiences with AI-powered solutions. Casualty Combine automation with team insights for efficient casualty experiences. Subrogation Automate subrogation recovery to improve efficiency and cycle times. Insurer Payments Streamline insurance payments with an all-in-one, end-to-end solution. For OEMs Certified Network & Programs Strengthen your certified shop network relationships and protect your brand. OEM Analytics Build a stronger certified shop network and protect your brand. OEM Parts Reach the largest collision repair network to showcase your parts and drive sales. OEM Payments Drive loyalty and streamline rebate program payments to shops. For Parts Suppliers Parts Network Display parts pricing and availability to collision repairers using CCC software. Recyclers Explore solutions to help drive parts sales or more robust yard management technology. Parts Payments Issue rebate and loyalty program payments to shops. Technology Intelligent Experiences (IX) Learn about optimizing experiences for your business, employees, and consumers. IX Cloud™ Platform Tap into the industry’s leading technology platform to enhance business performance. Data + AI Power your business with the real time data and AI insights of CCC’s IX Cloud platform. Ecosystem Connect to an expansive network of partners across the P&C insurance economy. Our Company About Us Company News Careers ESG Partners World Economic Forum Investor Relations News & Insights Support Contact Us We’re shaping a world where life just works. Through purposeful innovation and the strength of our connections, our technology keeps lives moving forward when it matters most. Redefining What’s Possible in Claims & Repair Millions of times a year, auto accidents and injuries occur. When life brings the unexpected, CCC gets to work, uniting an entire industry – insurers, repairers, automakers, and more - helping them come together to get people back on the road and back to health. Watch the video for CCC's vision on making life just work for the P&C insurance economy. Your Intelligent Experience Platform Every auto accident sets off a series of complex events that must be carefully orchestrated to get people back to their lives as quickly and seamlessly as possible. The CCC IX Cloud™ is the core of CCC’s technology. It integrates data and AI across our ecosystem to help insurers and repairers create workflows as dynamic and unique as the millions of claims and repairs they manage each year. The CCC IX Cloud builds on our SaaS expertise and data stewardship to bring intelligent experiences to life - experiences that are smarter, faster, and more seamless. Experiences that just work for everyone. CCC IX Cloud Platform The CCC IX Cloud: A Platform Built for Connection To create intelligent experiences, the CCC IX Cloud uses a combination of AI, data, and an event-driven architecture to put crucial insights into the hands of the right people at the right time. One connection to CCC effortlessly links you to 35,000+ businesses dedicated to restoring normalcy for consumers. Industry Insurance Carriers Our solutions help insurers make more confident decisions earlier, creating intelligent claims experiences that are more connected for their employees and more compassionate for their policyholders. Learn More Industry Collision Repairers Our solutions help repairers run more efficient body shop businesses, while making repair decisions simpler and faster. Learn More Industry Auto Manufacturers Our solutions help auto manufacturers enhance their consumers’ repair experiences, while connecting them to the industry’s largest repair network. Learn More Industry Parts Suppliers Our solutions help parts suppliers sell more parts, enabling them to digitally connect to tens of thousands of body shops sourcing and ordering replacement parts while writing estimates. Learn More 300+ Auto Insurers 30,500+ Collision Repairers 5,000+ Parts Suppliers 12 of Top 15 OEMs 700+ Medical Professionals 18M+ Claims Processed Annually Technology Powering Intelligent Experiences CCC's unique combination of data, AI and network connections are what make Intelligent Experiences possible. Learn more about our core technologies. CCC IX Cloud Make faster, better-informed decisions with AI-infused solutions that make claims and repair just work. Learn More Data + AI Tap into CCC's more than $1 trillion in historical data for data-driven insights and easier decision-making. Learn More Ecosystem Connect to our network of more than 35,000 companies to accelerate innovation. Learn More Delivering Value with Our Trusted Partners Our collaborative network drives innovation through seamless integrations, secure data sharing, and industry-leading expertise. Together, we are shaping the future of auto claims and repair. Together, we make life just work. Explore Our Latest Solutions Our newest innovations are transforming the industry. Designed to drive efficiency and enhance customer experiences, these new solutions help insurers, repairers, and OEMs work smarter and stay ahead. Our Most Recent Innovation: Claims Management Consumer Engagement: Shops Shop Payroll Management Diagnostics Casualty Subrogation Industry Insights More Insights SOLUTIONS Collision Repairers Insurance Carriers OEMs Parts Suppliers TECHNOLOGY Intelligent Experiences (IX) IX™ Platform Cloud Data + AI Ecosystem OUR COMPANY About Us Company News Careers ESG Partners Investor Relations NEWS & INSIGHTS SUPPORT © 2025 CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Blog 5 MIN READ Transparency Across the Claims Ecosystem Read More Blog 5 Min Read Industry Expert Panel Agrees: Carriers and Repairers Must Work Together if They Want to Improve Customer Satisfaction Read More Blog 4 min read Is Speed Really What Matters Most to Your Repair Customers? Read More Reports 5 min read Seamless Customer Experiences Start with Better Collaboration Between Carriers and Repairers Read More Reports 5 min read The Moments That DON'T Matter in the Auto Claims and Repair Journey Read More Blog 4 min read How Auto Carriers Are Tackling Runaway Medical Billing Inflation in Casualty Claims Read More Reports 7 min read Moments of Truth: Customer Satisfaction and Retention in the Auto Insurance Claims and Repair Journey Read More