Home | Colorado Community College System Skip to content Toggle search Search Search Toggle menu About the System About the System Overview Why CCCS Matters Mission, Vision, & Values Strategic Plan Leadership Board & Governance Foundation Brand Identity & Resources Public & Legislative Affairs Be an Advocate Academic & Student Affairs Colleges & Programs Colleges & Programs Overview Our 13 Colleges Types of Programs Offered Understanding Degrees & Certificates Making College Affordable Workforce Development Workforce Development Overview Colorado Skills Institute Employer Grant Programs Create an Apprenticeship Post a Job or Internship Contact Workforce Development Team Workforce Development News Data & Reports Data & Reports Overview Systemwide Data Colleges Data Special Reports Foundation Reports News Events Media Careers Contact Give CCCS Internal ONE SYSTEM, POWERED BY 13 COLLEGES We’re Changing the Way Colorado Goes to College Explore colleges Be an advocate Transforming Education for Today’s Learners The Colorado Community College System is Colorado’s largest higher education and workforce training provider. With 13 colleges and more than 35 locations, we serve over 130,000 students each year. We offer Concurrent Enrollment, Career & Technical Education (CTE), certificate programs, transfer programs, associate and bachelor’s degrees, one master’s degree program, and customized employer training. We champion low-cost and accessible education for everyone. Our commitment is to improve students’ lives, enrich our communities, and build a skilled workforce to power Colorado’s economy. Discover our pledge to Colorado . CCCS Updates Shaping Colorado’s Future Discover how CCCS is charting a bold course to expand opportunity, strengthen communities, and build a more prosperous Colorado. Explore our Strategic Plan Meet Our Chancellor Meet the next leader of the Colorado Community College System. View Details Your Path is Our Mission Four-year degree or two? Online or on campus? Take classes to learn new skills, or jumpstart a career as an apprentice? Whichever direction you pick, you can draw your map here. Explore PROGRAMS New Students Our programs focus on careers that are growing. We develop these programs with business, industry, and government partners. Explore Colleges Industry Partners Businesses, manufacturers, and organizations across Colorado boost efficiency, productivity, and profitability by tapping into community college expertise. Workforce Development Advocates Be informed. Be engaged. Be a CCCS Advocate. Learn how you can promote CCCS’s value and opportunities. Raise awareness about issues facing community colleges. About The System Curious about the impact we’re having in Colorado communities? The numbers have a lot to say. View Data & Reports 13 Community-Invested Colleges 35 + Campuses & Locations 1,500 + Degree & Certificate Programs 130,000 Students Impacted Annually Fostering Homegrown Talent Over the last two years, Colorado has dedicated record levels of funding to workforce development initiatives. With an investment of over $65 million and a strategic partnership with CCCS, our 13 colleges offer free training for students seeking in-demand jobs. These programs aim to train more than 20,000 Coloradans for high-skill careers while responding to the state’s workforce shortages. Learn more about our zero-cost training programs. Learn & Engage With Us LATEST NEWS EVENTS CALENDAR Latest News Student Leaders “Lead in Full Color” at Annual CCCS Conference CCCS News December 3, 2025 More than 100 student leaders from all 13 Colorado Community College System (CCCS) colleges gathered at Front Range Community College Read More details Support Community College Students on Colorado Gives Day CCCS News December 2, 2025 Building upon lessons from his father, Timothy Rojas Del Rio dreams of starting a business of his own for his Read More details Colorado’s Next Chapter: Rethinking Higher Education for a Changing Workforce CCCS News November 21, 2025 CCCS Chancellor and College Leaders Join Statewide Panel on the Future of Talent and Opportunity In a time when every Read More details Featured Events 13 2026 Education Excellence Conference View Details Date March 13, 2026 Time 8am – 4:30pm Address Omni Interlocken Hotel 500 Interlocken Blvd Broomfield, CO 80021 8 2026 CCCS Student Excellence Awards View Details Date April 8, 2026 Time 4:00 – 7:00 Support Your Community Today Join us in helping students achieve their goals by contributing to the Foundation for Colorado Community Colleges. Make a Gift TOP Home Lowry Conference Center Public Records Request Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Subscribe Don’t miss a thing from CCCS Receive The Catalyst straight to your inbox to stay informed about the latest stories, initiatives, and partnerships across the Colorado Community College System! " * " indicates required fields Name * First Name * Last Name* Email Address * CAPTCHA Close ©2025 Colorado Community College System Privacy Non-discrimination Statement Website Accessibility Statement Employment Verification Internal Audit Concerns Hotline (303) 620-4000 9101 E. Lowry Blvd. Denver, CO 80230 CCCS launches new 2025-2030 Strategic Plan . Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent