Home -
        Christian Classics Ethereal Library Browse Titles Authors Language Genre Topic Format Early Church Fathers Daily Meditations Blog Study Bible Log In Register Show only: Any genre Bibles Biographies Creeds and Catechisms Commentaries Christian Life Fiction Histories Hymns Reference Sermons Literature Liturgical books Apologetics Early Church Philosophy Theology Mysticism Language Tools Books only Classics only Sort by: Relevance Title Popularity Author Date Update Currently showing: Christian Life results
     sorted by Popularity CCEL Search results Practice of the Presence of God: The Best Rule of Holy Life by Lawrence, Brother (Nicholas Herman, c. 1605-1691) Brother Lawrence is one of the most admired and imitated sons of the Catholic church. He worked for a time as a soldier before entering the Discalced Carmelite Prior in Paris. Read online Lawrence, Brother (Nicholas Herman, c. 1605-1691) Carmelite lay brother Read online Normal Christian Life by Nee, Watchman (1903-1972) Many consider this exposition of the first few chapters of Romans a Christian classic. In it, Nee defines and describes good Christian living, deriving insights from his reading of Paul's letter. Read online Nee, Watchman (1903-1972) Chinese evangelist and author Read online Spiritual Exercises of St. Ignatius of Loyola by Ignatius of Loyola, St (1491-1556) Written by the founder of the Society of Jesus, the Spiritual Exercises of St. Ignatius is a powerful book. Derived mostly from St. Ignatius' conversion experiences in 1521-3, Spiritual Exercises has provided guidance and encouragement to its readers for several hundred years. Read online Ignatius of Loyola, St (1491-1556) Spanish churchman, Founder of the Jesuits Read online Introduction to the Devout Life by Francis of Sales, St. (1567-1622) Do I need to go into full-time ministry to live a truly Christian life? Am I really a Christian if I'm not out preaching the gospel in dangerous places where people have never heard of Christ? Can secular work benefit the kingdom of God? All Christians struggle to discern God's call on their life, but God does call all to live a Christ-centered life. Read online Francis of Sales, St. (1567-1622) Bishop of Geneva and a leader of the counter-reformation Read online Weapon of Prayer by Bounds, Edward M. (1835-1913) , Edward Bounds states: "The life of the individual believer, his personal salvation, and personal Christian graces have their being, bloom, and fruitage in prayer." As a chaplain in the Confederate States Army during the Civil War, Bounds initiated weekly prayer sessions to strengthen the spiritual state of his local area. Read online Bounds, Edward M. (1835-1913) American Methodist minister and author Read online ‹ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 › VIEWNAME is CCELHome3 Log in | Register | Browse | Bibles | About | Copyright | Privacy | Contact | Give Hosted on the campus of