Skip to main content
For Home
For Business
Download
Support
About Us
Select language
EN
CCleaner for Mac
Less junk
Better performance
More space
Fewer Mac problems
Free Download
Get CCleaner Pro

CCleaner is also available for PC, Android, and iOS.

As featured in:

Use CCleaner Free to optimize your hard drive and keep your online activity more private on a shared PC.

Reclaim valuable storage space

Delete files and data you don’t need that can clog your hard drive. This includes cache files, temporary files, and more.

Give your online privacy a boost

Stay more private if you share your PC with others by removing browsing history, passwords, and browser cookies.

Free download

Boost your PC’s speed and make it more reliable. Get the excellent benefits of our free app, plus Smart Cleaning to help you get back more hard drive space automatically.

Optimize your PC’s performance

Do this and increase your laptop’s battery life with our patented1 technology by putting unnecessary apps and programs into ‘Sleep’ mode.

Free up space on your online cloud drives

Regain control of your Google Drive or Microsoft OneDrive. Scan them for duplicated files, large files, or files you no longer need.

Fix many common PC problems

Enjoy a more trouble-free computer by finding outdated and faulty drivers or even drivers that could pose a cybersecurity risk and updating them.

Improve your computer’s stability and security

Updating your PC’s software gives you the latest security updates, bug fixes, and features. Get notified about the latest updates for hundreds of popular apps and update them from one place.

Get Professional
Learn More
1Patent number 8,463,758 from the United States Patent and Trademark Office for CCleaner’s file and registry cleaner technology. Find out more.
Need a more specific type of app or service?
Recover files from your PC, including your Recycle Bin, digital camera, and more.
Free Download
Block tenacious online tracking techniques to take your online privacy to the next level.
Free Trial
Get detailed insights into your PC hardware to make better upgrade choices and more.
Free Download
Home
Blog
Products
Solutions
About
Download
CCleaner
Kamo
CCleaner Browser
Defraggler
Recuva
Speccy
Support
Help Center
Community
Security
Business
CCleaner Cloud

© Copyright 2005-2025 Gen Digital Inc - All rights reserved.

Terms of Use • Supplier Guidelines • Modern Slavery Statement • General Privacy Policy • Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information • Consent Policy • Products Policy • Cookies Policy • Accessibility Policy • Cookie Settings

CCleaner, Defraggler, Recuva and Speccy are all registered trademarks of Gen Digital Inc.
Affiliate Disclosure: Gen Digital may receive a commission for purchases made through this product.

We value your privacy
By clicking "OK" you allow cookies that improve your experience on our site, help us analyze site performance and usage, and enable us to show relevant marketing content and deliver personalized advertising for our products. You can manage cookie settings below. See Cookies Policy
OK
Manage...