We value your privacy

We use cookies, web beacons, and pixels to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. These tools share data with third parties, some of whom may be located in other countries. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of this technology.  Privacy Policy Cookie Policy

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to content
Music Distribution
CDB Boost
Pricing
Log In
GET STARTED
GET STARTED
LOG IN
Music Distribution
CDB Boost
Promote Your Music
Pricing

Your music
deserves to be heard.

Distribute your music starting at $9.99 per release.

No subscription fees.

GET STARTED
Music distribution: be everywhere you need to be — worldwide.

Make your music available on 150+ streaming and download services around the world, including Spotify, Apple Music, TikTok, Amazon, Pandora, YouTube, and Deezer, all for a one-time setup fee. Wherever your fans prefer to listen to music, they’ll find you!

DISTRIBUTE MUSIC
View our complete list of digital partners
Subscribe to receive DIY Musician tips, special offers, and more.
Email*
Required
Why CD Baby?
One-time payment
per release

We believe in simple pricing: only $9.99 per single or $14.99 per album, with no annual fees or hidden costs.

Invested in
your success

After your music release, we only make money when you make money. And when you do, you keep over 90%.

Built by musicians,
for musicians

Since 1998, CD Baby has paid over $1 billion to independent artists.

GET STARTED
What artists are saying about CD Baby

“CD Baby makes it super easy to drop a worldwide release on your own schedule. The user interface is simple and the terms are great. The best part is when you see an email with the sales statement. Then you know the music is making an impact on people.”

ALOE BLACC

Singer/songwriter, record producer

“I recommend CD Baby to everyone. They are incredibly helpful and know what matters to artists. The platform is super easy to use, and the team is really responsive. Being an independent artist is tough, but CD Baby makes it easier. They’ve provided the best experience I’ve had with a distributor.”

SHEARS

Artist, producer, and mixer

“Working with CD Baby has been a game changer for us. Their hands-on support and quick responses are a breath of fresh air, and they nail it every time. Everyone we have worked with at CD Baby has genuinely been interested in our music and helping us further our career. We love being part of their community and working with people we can trust.”

TWO WAYS HOME

Americana songwriting duo

“It’s been over a year since I started working with CD Baby, and I couldn’t be more satisfied! From the first contact to the release itself, their team was amazing. They not only helped me at every step, but they made me feel like part of the family from the beginning. This partnership has completely changed the game for me. I’m super grateful for all the support during this time. If you’re an artist looking for an easy and effective platform to release your music, don’t hesitate — go with CD Baby!”

LAMIC

Producer, DJ, and composer
Music promotion resources

The DIY Musician Blog

A living guide to music marketing, updated daily with promotion tips, industry news, and much more.

VISIT THE BLOG

The DIY Musician Podcast

Hundreds of episodes – with new ones added regularly – that dive deep into building and sustaining your music career today.

LEARN MORE

The Release Plan Generator

Custom step-by-step instructions on how to distribute and promote your next album or single.

GIVE IT A TRY
 
 
 
 
COMPANY INFO
Login
Support
Pricing
Testimonials
Careers
Brand Guidelines
Sitemap
Downtown Music
CD BABY BRANDS
Show.co
HearNow
CD Baby Disc Manufacturing
CD Baby Download Portal
PROMOTION RESOURCES
Promote Your Music
DIY Musician Blog
DIY Musician Podcast
Free Musician Guides
CD Baby Stages
LEGAL
Artist Agreement
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Reporting Infringement
Legal Agreements
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information