CDK Global: Homepage CDK Global CDK Global company logo Who We Serve Auto Dealerships Original Equipment Manufacturers Independent Software Vendors Heavy Truck Friction Points Study 2025 In our latest Friction Points study, we uncover where the industry has improved and what still creates friction for customers. Explore More Details Dealership Xperience Platform Foundations Suite Strengthen workflows in every department with one complete solution Fundamentals Suite Empower one-to-two-site dealers with a proven and scalable core system Modern Retail Suite Surpass consumer expectations by making the buying journey easier Fixed Operations Suite Build loyalty and efficiency to maximize your Parts and Service income Vehicle Inventory Suite Price more profitably and elevate merchandising with the power of AI Intelligence Suite Fine-tune performance with advanced analytics, AI and machine learning What We Offer Inventory Digital Retail Customer Relationship Management Finance & Insurance Dealer Management System Fixed Operations Network & Communication Services Intelligence Payment Solutions Who We Are About Us For 50 years, CDK Global has been empowering dealers with the tools and technology they need Join CDK As a global leader in the field, we're always looking for the best and brightest to keep us on track Contact 833.620.2129 Resources Insights Training Media Center Trust Center Customer Stories Support Login 19 May – 21 May Meetings CDK CONNECT Live: Nashville Login Support Creating Connections That Move Automotive Retail Trusted by nearly 15,000 dealer locations, CDK Global connects you to world-class dealership software solutions that work together to help you reach your potential. Watch Video How We Help How We Help Front Office Fixed Operations Back Office Infrastructure Watch Video Watch Video Watch Video Watch Video Thinking About Your Success Mobile Service: The High-Stakes Opportunity Reshaping Automotive Maintenance Mobile service has taken over a large part of the Fixed Operations conversation this year. From NADA to the results... 3 Min Read • Dec 17 • CDK Global New Study Reveals Sharp Shift on EVs The automotive landscape is shifting, and electric vehicles are at the center of the conversation. CDK’s latest study, Car Shopper... 2 Min Read • Dec 11 • CDK Global Who's Who in a Car Dealership Back Office The Back Office at a car dealership is where essential operations happen behind the scenes. While the Front Office focuses... 3 Min Read • Dec 10 • CDK Global How F&I Provides Dealers Steady Revenue in Volatile Times Car sales got off to a strong start in 2025 but tapered as the end of the year approaches. New... 3 Min Read • Dec 5 • CDK Global The Rise of In-Transit Vehicle Purchases In-transit purchases have hovered around 20% throughout 2025, peaking at 29% in August, and hit 23% in November. While spikes... 4 Min Read • Dec 3 • CDK Global Ease of Purchase Plummets in November The term “unprecedented” has been used a lot in recent years. When it comes to November’s Ease of Purchase scorecard,... 4 Min Read • Dec 1 • David Thomas Coffman Truck Sales: A Legacy of Family and Growth Powered by CDK Founded in 1946 by three brothers in Plano, Illinois, Coffman Truck Sales began as a small repair shop. By 1949,... 2 Min Read • Dec 1 • CDK Global What Dealerships Need To Know About Gen Z Employees in 2025 Every generation brings something different to the workplace. Generation Z — those born between 1997 and 2012 — now makes... 3 Min Read • Nov 25 • CDK Global CDK Vehicle Inventory Suite: Faster Listings, Better Margins In today’s fast-paced automotive retail environment, efficiency and accuracy in inventory management are more critical than ever. The CDK Vehicle... 3 Min Read • Nov 24 • CDK Global How Dealership Inventory Management Tools Assist in Uncertain Markets Inventory is an ever-evolving puzzle. The industry could be one chip shortage away from a drop in new inventory reaching... 3 Min Read • Nov 21 • CDK Global View All Insights What We Offer Dealership Xperience Platform Transform how you sell and service cars and operate your business through our open, integrated and customer-focused platform. Digital Retail From online to in store, deliver one seamless, consistent customer experience Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Put your customers at the heart of your business and drive real growth. Finance & Insurance (F&I) Never miss an opportunity to increase profits and customer satisfaction. Dealer Management System (DMS) Streamline your dealership with the most powerful system in the industry. Fixed Operations Make repairs more profitable and the customer experience more positive. Network & Communication Services Make your IT work for you — not the other way around Intelligence Harness the power of data insights and intelligence to fuel your business. Technology That's Engineered for the Way You Work For 50 years, CDK Global has had just one purpose: to let dealers offer their customers the very best experience and grow their businesses. Our products are designed to let you focus on just one thing. Your customer. Learn More About CDK Global Help Shape What Happens Next As a global leader in the field, we're looking for the best and brightest to join us as we move automotive retail forward. Explore Careers Customer Stories Garlyn Shelton Auto Group • Temple, TX CDK Vehicle Inventory Suite Accelerates Inventory Turn for Garlyn Shelton Auto Group The Vehicle Inventory Suite has transformed how Garlyn Shelton Auto Group manages its operations. By bringing together appraisals, pricing and merchandising into one connected platform, the dealership group achieved measurable gains in efficiency, confidence and speed. READ STORY 5 - 10 days faster inventory turn Coffman Truck Sales • Aurora, IL Coffman Truck Sales: Growth Powered by Partnership with CDK Hear why Debbie Pimpo, IT manager at Coffman, says CDK is more than a technology provider. “I see the relationship with CDK as more of a partnership than just a vendor relation. They always answer the phone when we call. They’re responsive to our needs. We definitely get the feeling that we’re in it together.” WATCH VIDEO View All Customer Stories Media Center CDK EARNS 2025 GREAT PLACE TO WORK® CERTIFICATION Welcoming culture, flexibility, and approachable leadership among top strengths December 9, 2025 CDK DEALERSHIP WORKPLACE STUDY REVEALS RISING JOB SATISFACTION AMONG DEALERSHIP EMPLOYEES, BUT ECONOMIC STRESS AND INDUSTRY PERCEPTION POSE CHALLENGES Leadership responsiveness and team dynamics are now just as critical as pay October 27, 2025 CDK TO HOST FIFTH ANNUAL CDK CONNECT ON OCT. 21 Virtual event to spotlight empowerment, engagement, and partnership—featuring dealer voices, CDK innovation, and a full slate of breakout sessions October 2, 2025 View All News Have Questions? Please don't hesitate to contact us — we're always happy to hear from you. Contact Us Corporate 847.397.1700 Support 866.668.5394 Sales 833.620.2129 Hear What's New Before the Rest of the Industry Sign Me Up! Who We Serve Auto Dealerships Original Equipment  Manufacturers Independent Software Vendors Heavy Truck How We Help End Sales Exhaustion for Your Customers Fix the Lack of Trust That's Hurting Profits Target What's Holding Back Business Growth Guard Against Connection and Security Failure What We Offer Digital Retail Customer Relationship  Management Finance & Insurance Dealer Management System Fixed Operations Network & Communication Services Dealership Xperience Platform Intelligence AI at CDK Fortellis CVR AVRS Who We Are About Us Join CDK Resources Insights Training Media Center Customer Stories Support Login Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Statement CDK Policies User Agreement © 2025 CDK Global LLC / CDK Global is a registered trademark of CDK Global LLC. Some products or features and functionalities may not be available in all locations.