SwarmCloud Docs Skip to main content Guides SDKs Web SDK for Web Browser and Electron Mobile SDK for Mobile and TV platform Hls.js Built-in Players Video.js(vhs) Shaka-Player MP4/MP3 Dash.js RxPlayer Bitmovin-Player THEOplayer Android Flutter React Native iOS/tvOS/macOS FAQ Pricing Search Sign Up Demo English English 中文 Peer-assisted Video Delivery Instead of building wasteful new data centers or buying expensive CDNs, it's more responsible to use what we already have. Almost everybody has spare bandwidth. SwarmCloud creates value by unlocking this under-utilized resource. Cross-Platform Powered by WebRTC, SwarmCloud is compatible with iOS, Android, and the vast majority of modern browsers, enable much greater proportions of online audiences to participate in peer-to-peer segment exchanges Compatibility SwarmCloud\'s mesh network acts as an overlay to traditional content delivery and is fully compatible with your current encoding, CDN, load-balancing, analytics, DRM and advertising solutions Against Spike The peer network builds a naturally scalable shield against service outages during viewership peaks, as well as reduce the load on your centralized infrastructure Fast Implementation Our thoughtfully designed APIs allow simple integration with a few lines of code. Switching to P2P-CDN streaming has never been easier. No service side changes required Security & Privacy All communication channels use the industry standard network security protocol so neither the data sent between two viewers, nor the metadata sent between each viewer and the SwarmCloud backend can be compromised Full Control Enjoy a flexible configuration and activation options, as well as comprehensive view of your platform’s P2P CDN traffic and quality of service metrics directly within your dashboard or via APIs for your own analytics tools Global Edge Network Signaling service and super peers are available around the world. Popular how to guides View more guides How SwarmCloud Works Know how we offload your video traffic from traditional CDN. Select a zone and sign up Select a zone that is geographically close to your viewers. Optimize P2P performance The proper configuration can significantly increase the P2P ratio. Setup signaling service Pick an official signaling address that is geographically close to your viewers. Popular sample apps Flutter Sample App Dart Clone ReactNative Sample App Typescript Clone Android Sample App Kotlin Clone iOS Sample App Swift Clone SDK Documentation Any player, any platform, all it takes is minutes Web SDK Hls.js Built-in Players Video.js(vhs) Shaka-Player MP4/MP3 Dash.js RxPlayer Bitmovin-Player THEOplayer Mobile SDK Android/AndroidTV iOS/tvOS/macOS React Native Flutter Customers They are using SwarmCloud Radiant Media Player RMP is a fast and fully-featured HTML5 video player that embraces the way we consume content in our digital age: everyday, everywhere, on every device. To help our clients with better, greener and cheaper streaming we have integrated SwarmCloud peer-assisted solution for HLS and MPEG-DASH. Interactvty We are the first OTT 2.0 technology with TV-commerce and interactive streaming. Our product is the only interactive OTT platform in the market. Take advantage of all the internet’s interactivities in your videos. SiDC For over 30 years, SiDC have delivered Amazing, Clean and Modern System Solutions to Boost Value and Enhance Experiences in over 30 Five Star Hotels and more than 5000 units in Real Estate Developments all over the world. How can we help you today? Online Demo Access our web demo, where you can input your own streaming url. View Demo → Support SwarmCloud's expert support team is always available to help. Connect for dedicated 1:1 support! Contact Us → FAQs Browse through our FAQs to find answers to commonly asked questions. View FAQs → Talk to an expert We are a team of video experts, who strive to deliver top-in-class enterprise video solutions to make video streaming accessible for everyone! Microsoft Teams → Telegram → Email → Chat → Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2025 SwarmCloud Inc.