A Global CDN for Live Streaming, VoD, Game and Web Acceleration - CDNvideo Company About Blog Contact us Events In the news Solutions CDN for Emerging Markets China & Asia CDN Russia & CIS CDN Live Streaming One-Time Live Streaming via CDN Video on Demand (VoD) Cloud Storage Cloud servers based on ARM architecture Private servers S3 cloud storage Virtual machines and containers HTML5 Player by CDNvideo Web Acceleration Image Enhancement Custom Solutions DDoS protection Dynamic content acceleration Web Application Firewall Edge Computing Platform Origin Shielding Cloud DNS+ Sales streaming service AI Avatar White Label Network Pricing Industries TV Channels OTT providers E-Commerce E-learning Events Gaming Media and Entertainment Software Development Support Support contact Technical Documentation Recommended stream settings Get Access to Asian markets Multi-CDN Login TRY FREE Company About Blog Contact us Events In the news Solutions CDN for Emerging Markets China & Asia CDN Russia & CIS CDN Live Streaming One-Time Live Streaming via CDN Video on Demand (VoD) Cloud Storage Cloud servers based on ARM architecture Private servers S3 cloud storage Virtual machines and containers HTML5 Player by CDNvideo Web Acceleration Image Enhancement Custom Solutions DDoS protection Dynamic content acceleration Web Application Firewall Edge Computing Platform Origin Shielding Cloud DNS+ Sales streaming service AI Avatar White Label Network Pricing Industries TV Channels OTT providers E-Commerce E-learning Events Gaming Media and Entertainment Software Development Support Support contact Technical Documentation Recommended stream settings Get Access to Asian markets Multi-CDN A Global CDN for Live Streaming, VoD, Game and Web Acceleration Speed up your digital business and improve your bottom line! Live Streaming Live Streaming Stream to anywhere on the globe. Do it at fraction of CDN cost using P2P live streaming by CDNvideo Read more Video on Demand Video on Demand Cache large VOD archives at our nodes around the globe and instantly deliver them worlwide Read more Web Acceleration Web Acceleration Make your website equally fast in all your target locations Read more Virtual CDN Virtual CDN Virtual CDN: WhiteLabel or Managed CDN under brand of operators Read more Media Content Platform Media Content Platform Use our unlimited cloud storage to store and transcode your files Read more Whole Site Acceleration (WSA) Whole Site Acceleration (WSA) Advanced solution for the entire website to work super fast Read more CDN for Software Development Companies CDN for Software Development Companies Using CDNvideo CDN for your update packages, you enable your viewers to get your updates from the nearest server via the most optimal route Read more Custom Solutions Custom Solutions We at CDNvideo offer custom solutions to modern broadcasters with a need to integrate our services into their existing ecosystems Read more HTML5 Player HTML5 Player Modern HTML5 Player with P2P module and 360-degree videos Read more Live Streaming Live Streaming Stream to anywhere on the globe. Do it at fraction of CDN cost using P2P live streaming by CDNvideo Read more Video on Demand Video on Demand Cache large VOD archives at our nodes around the globe and instantly deliver them worlwide Read more Web Acceleration Web Acceleration Make your website equally fast in all your target locations Read more Virtual CDN Virtual CDN Virtual CDN: WhiteLabel or Managed CDN under brand of operators Read more Media Content Platform Media Content Platform Use our unlimited cloud storage to store and transcode your files Read more Whole Site Acceleration (WSA) Whole Site Acceleration (WSA) Advanced solution for the entire website to work super fast Read more CDN for Software Development Companies CDN for Software Development Companies Using CDNvideo CDN for your update packages, you enable your viewers to get your updates from the nearest server via the most optimal route Read more Custom Solutions Custom Solutions We at CDNvideo offer custom solutions to modern broadcasters with a need to integrate our services into their existing ecosystems Read more HTML5 Player HTML5 Player Modern HTML5 Player with P2P module and 360-degree videos Read more Our customers Join 600+ companies relying on CDNvideo services Meet CDNvideo — One of the Leading Content Delivery Network Providers! CDNvideo is a global CDN company offering access to one of the largest content delivery networks in the world, with 86K servers located on five continents and a bandwidth of 42 Tbps. Our team of CDN professionals has served hundreds of customers and accelerated over 40K websites since 2010. We are ready to help you benefit from the diverse experience we gained over the years. Benefits of Using CDNvideo’s CDN Purchasing our CDN service, you can save on building and maintaining your own infrastructure. CDNvideo provides both servers and workforce configuring them for you and your customers at predictable and affordable price. If ‘cheap CDN’ is what you are looking for, we offer good value for money. We help video channels and OTTs stream their content live and make it available as video on demand with minimal latency and zero bufferization. Our ecommerce customers get faster web stores that look more attractive to their shoppers and rank higher in search engines. Gaming companies use our CDN to release new games and updates worldwide simultaneously and rely on us when they need exceptional speed and smooth player experience. CDNvideo’s Network Reliability CDNvideo’s network uptime is 99.99%. Our network uses the the patented load balancing algorithm developed by our own R&D department and constantly optimized based on statistical data. Our points of presence are scattered all over the world, and their number is constantly growing. This means stronger replication and more backups for every piece of content we need to deliver. In 2017 we joined the Wangsu Group of companies powering up the world’s second largest CDN and uniting three well-known CDN market players (ChinaNetCenter, CDNvideo and CDNetworks). Everything that we learn from our partners is at your disposal too. Our Network Security We invest extra efforts in ensuring security of the customer content. Staying a secure CDN platform is our top priority, so we keep up with the current industry standards and track recent cybersecurity trends. Additionally, we help businesses of any size to mitigate DDoS attacks and offer a variety of security-related services including Web Application Firewall, Anti-Bot and SSL certificates. Join our Can-Do Network! Deliver your video, audio or image content fast. Make your website download in the blink of an eye. Become closer to your viewers, shoppers or players regardless of where they live. Contact our sales team to start now! If you are looking for the best global CDN, consider us! Read more Start using our CDN now! CDNvideo is a registered provider, so to receive advice or activate services, please verify your account. You can choose a convenient method of communication: Telegram I ll reply via email WhatsApp Eng I can figure it out myself Call me By clicking the button you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Δ Why CDNvideo Competitive prices & volume discounts Maximum coverage, network bandwidth of 42 Tbps Free HTTPS traffic, 99,99% network uptime 86,000+ servers worldwide CDNvideo Network Coverage We have covered a lot of ground and are still growing! Testimonials The CDNvideo service has helped optimize our web performance significantly, which was especially important for us because of the growth and success we are experiencing. Show full text AmoCRM Online gaming industry which we belong to requires fast and high-quality content delivery. We appreciate the responsiveness of CDNvideo’s tech support team and their overall network stability with minimal failures. We’ve been with CDNvideo for a number of years, and they proved to be a reliable partner. Show full text Playflock For about one year and a half we have been cooperating with CDNvideo Company. This time is enough to state that CDNvideo is a good partner, which puts its best efforts to provide a high quality service in the field of content delivery networks. We came to co-working occasionally, it was not a result of some recommendations or mutual contacts, and CDNvideo proved to be the right choice. Definitely, we will keep going on together in our business. Show full text Opogame Technical support Terms of Use Privacy Policy GDPR Compliance Commitment Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved. Solutions CDN for China & Asia CDN for Russia & CIS Live streaming Video on demand Cloud Storage HTML5 Player Website acceleration Custom solutions White Label About About CDNvideo Contact us Our Network Events In the news RESOURCES Documentation Our site uses cookies to offer you relevant services and content. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Go to Privacy Policy Accept Contact us CDNvideo is a registered provider, so to receive advice or activate services, please verify your account. You can choose a convenient method of communication: Telegram I ll reply via email WhatsApp Eng I can figure it out myself Call me By clicking the button you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Δ