CDP: Turning Transparency to Action Home Disclosure Cycle 2025 About Us About Us CDP is a global non-profit that runs the world’s only independent environmental disclosure system The Team & Governance Framework Alignment Brand Hub How We Are Funded Collaborations and Partnerships Disclose Data Disclose Data CDP disclosure serves as a one-stop shop for understanding and disclosing according to relevant market and regulatory demands. Why Disclose? Our Question Bank Disclosure Cycle 2025 Disclosing Support - Reporter Services Disclosing Support - Accredited Solutions Providers How to Disclose Use Data Discover CDP Data Our data is invaluable for companies, investors, and cities to take urgent action to build a truly sustainable economy. Supply Chain Membership Data Licenses Governments and Policymakers Capital Markets Signatories Public Scores and A-Lists City, State, and Regions Data Insights Insights Explore our articles, case studies, reports, and policy briefings. Events Climate Transition Plans Report Press Releases Information FAQs General information on disclosing, requesting, scores, and more. Contact Careers Help Centre Guidance and tools Search EN Language English Español 日本語 Português 中文 Region Global China Europe India Japan Latin America North America Indonesia Language / region EN / Global Language English Español 日本語 Português 中文 Region Global China Europe India Japan Latin America North America Indonesia Sign in More Open menu CDP scores for 2025 are now available in the CDP Portal . Public scores and A Lists will be published on the CDP website in early January. CDP can support your environmental journey Turning data into Earth-positive impact. I want to disclose data I want to use data CDP's 25 th Year 25 years since CDP pioneered disclosure, the number of investors backing CDP’s annual request has ballooned from just 35 to financial institutions representing a quarter of all global institutional financial assets . Now, companies representing two-thirds of global market capitalization – from 130 countries – disclose critical environmental data through CDP. Within two years of an investor request, companies disclosing through CDP reduce their direct emissions by 7-10% on average . Why Disclose? Why use data? Become a CDP Supply Chain member CDP has pioneered transparency across supply chains, with over 18 years of experience as a global convenor, connecting businesses with suppliers to help them minimise risk and drive action at scale. Join 270 leading corporate buyers and access supplier-level data to identify risks, make smarter procurement decisions , and build long-term resilience. Learn about CDP Supply Chain Membership, its benefits, how to join, and more. Learn more CDP highlights Disclosure 2025 Transparent disclosure. Actionable insights. Real impact. It’s time to create a world where people, planet and profit are truly balanced. Learn More Scores and A Lists A record 22,700+ companies were scored by CDP in 2024, assessing their transparency and action as they work to integrate Earth-positive decisions and build more resilient business models. Learn more Events Browse and register for upcoming workshops and webinars. Explore Explore CDP's insights Browse our latest reports, policy briefings, articles and case studies. © 2025 CDP Worldwide Registered Charity no. 1122330 VAT registration no: 923257921 A company limited by guarantee registered in England no. 05013650 CDP is Cyber Essentials Certified – view certificate Contact The Team & Governance Careers Cookie Policy Privacy notice Terms and conditions Accessibility LinkedIn X YouTube