CD PROJEKT RED — Award-Winning Creator of Story-Driven RPGs check open positions About us Our Studio Meet the Teams Beyond the Game Blog Diversity & Inclusion Our games Join us Perks & Benefits Recruitment Process Summer Internship Open Positions PL / ENG Home About us Our Studio Meet the Teams Beyond the Game Blog Diversity & Inclusion Our games Join us Perks & Benefits Recruitment Process Summer Internship Open Positions Passionate Creators of Story-Driven Role-Playing Games MEET US Our Teams Our games We break rules we make rules Rebels, dreamers, professionals. Home to over a thousand ambitious individuals. CD PROJEKT RED is a video game development studio focused on storytelling ingenuity, technical innovation, and absolute quality. JOIN US PERKS & BENEFITS OPEN POSITIONS Room to create Room to grow Wherever you hail from, however old you are, games have defined you and now you want to define others through games. Good. At RED, we speak many languages but share one goal: creating games that stay with you and memories that make hearts beat faster. BEYOND THE GAME BLOG Read all about our culture, how we create games, what we play, and everything we do at CD PROJEKT RED. Warsaw Hub Boston Hub Cancer Awareness at CD PROJEKT RED: Seven Years of Meaningful Action Our goal is to make revolutionary role-playing games, with memorable stories, that inspire gamers. To do that, we have to look after the people making those games, so each year we host a cancer awareness campaign to help our REDs stay healthy. December 15, 2025 Meeting REDs How Visual Effects Breath Life Into Games Self-taught visual effects artist Piotr Suchodolski is now our VFX Lead. But even after 10 years at CD PROJEKT RED and almost 20 in the industry overall, he’s as passionate as ever about visual effects and their importance in video games. December 8, 2025 AnsweRED Podcast AnsweRED Podcast Episode 24 — Behind Game Dev Hiring — and a New Podcast Host How recruitment shapes RED’s culture, why great portfolios matter, and what’s ahead as a new host joins AnsweRED Podcast. November 28, 2025 Meeting REDs Warsaw Hub Boston Hub Leading People and Culture Across Continents Karolina Radziszewska is a Witcher fan turned Chief People Officer at CD PROJEKT RED! Learn how she uses her decades of experience in HR to help build a strong company culture across our Warsaw and Boston Hubs. October 29, 2025 See all posts Passionate Creators of Story-Driven Role-Playing Games × Like with any good nickname, if a game-dev studio has a catchphrase, it should be something someone says once, then it just sticks. Well, nobody at RED knows who said it first, but “We Are Rebels” has been living with us since forever. It’s on our t-shirts and studio walls; it’s something we say, and one of the ways we think. It’s an expression we often add after coming up with something crazy — as well as a casual equivalent of “what can possibly go wrong?”. And while there’s much shared understanding of its exact meaning, there’s no singular definition everybody would accept without adding a few words of their own. In this phrase, we’ve found something that unites, but also leaves room for individuality. And we love it.

Being a rebel doesn’t always mean acting in opposition. One of the things we like doing the most is tackling problems we don’t initially know how to approach. I mean, who in their right mind makes an open world TPP RPG, then a card game, and then an FPP RPG? Us, apparently. Instead of falling into an annualized development cycle, we choose to challenge ourselves, often shooting for the stars. We’re independent and have no corporate overlords, so we have the creative space to experiment, and we’re also big enough to leave a mark and attempt things other studios can’t. Finally, much like every self-respecting rebel, we live to challenge the status quo. Bad design practices, bad business motivations, bad relations with gamers — they’re things we are and will remain vocal about. For everyone's benefit.

This is what it means to be a rebel. But there’s definitely more to it — all of us here are really eager to hear what it means for you. × Our Locations Warsaw ul. Jagiellońska 74 03-301 Warszawa Kraków al. 3 Maja 9 30-062 Kraków Wrocław Quorum Office Park, Gen. Władysława Sikorskiego 26, 53-656 Wrocław Vancouver 200 - 4190 Lougheed Highway Burnaby, BC, V5C 6A8 Boston Massachusetts Contact Business biz@cdprojektred.com Press & Content Creators media@cdprojektred.com Investors ir@cdprojekt.com Job Offers jobs@cdprojektred.com Technical Support support.cdprojektred.com Product Safety cdprojektred.com/product-safety Community contact.community@cdprojektred.com Visit our Press Center Corporate User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Store Forum Support Spokko GOG © 2025 All rights reserved. Cookie Declaration