- Center for Democracy and Technology - Center for Democracy and Technology Skip to Content Who We Are About CDT Europe CDT AI Governance Lab CDT Research Staff Board CDT Advisory Council Non-Resident Fellows Careers Latest Areas of Focus AI Policy & Governance Cybersecurity & Standards Elections & Democracy Equity in Civic Tech Free Expression Government Surveillance Open Internet Privacy & Data Collections CDT Europe Press Events Keep in Touch Donate Site Search Search Close the menu From Export Control to Unknown Exports Our findings reveal major gaps in oversight, transparency and enforcement, leaving the EU ill-equipped to curb spyware proliferation or protect those most at risk. Read Report The Border Search Device Database and AI The price of international travel to and from the United States should not be to lose the privacy rights and Fourth Amendment protections that the country was built upon. It’s well past time for Congress and the courts to step in, and stop the border search exception from being used to copy data from electronic devices. Read the Blog From Symptoms to Systems: A Stakeholder-Informed Taxonomy of Generative AI Risks for Eating Disorders To better understand the specific ways AI systems may contribute to eating disorder-related harm, we conducted interviews with 15 experts in the prevention, identification, and treatment of eating disorders. Full Report Content Moderation in the Global South: A Comparative Study of Four Low-Resource Languages This report compares and synthesizes the insights gained from studying the four regions (South Asia, North and East Africa, and South America) & presents recommendations for improving content moderation in low-resource languages of the Global South. Read More Keep in Touch! Join CDT’s email list for news, events and ways to support our work advance civil rights and civil liberties in the digital age! Newsletter Sign-Up To AI or Not to AI This brief proposes a four-step framework that public administrators can use to help them determine whether to proceed with an AI system for a particular use case. Full Guide Our Work Has Never Been More Important At the Center for Democracy & Technology (CDT), we believe in the power of the internet. Whether it’s facilitating entrepreneurial endeavors, providing access to new markets and opportunities, or creating a platform for free speech, the internet empowers, emboldens and equalizes people around the world. Explore Our Issues Cybersecurity & Standards Elections & Democracy Equity in Civic Tech Free Expression Government Surveillance Open Internet Privacy & Data CDT’s 2024 Annual Report In 2024 – at a pivotal time for democracy – CDT was at the forefront, advancing a tech policy agenda focused on equity and democratic values. Read more about how we ensured tech policy conversations centered the communities and issues directly impacted in our 2024 Annual Report. Go to Report 430+ Members of the Global Encryption Coalition – spread across 105 countries – helping to respond rapidly to emerging threats to encryption. More . 30+ Members of CDT’s Task Force on Protecting Reproductive Health Info, helping to protect the privacy & access to info of people seeking reproductive health care. More . 4 Number of CDT newsletters around pressing policy areas like student privacy & equity, AI, and more. Sign up. 70.3K+ Number of lifetime plays of CDT’s long-standing podcast, Tech Talks. Listen. The Latest from CDT Tech Talks at Tech Prom 2025 December 22, 2025 Op-ed: Ask The Experts: Teaching Disability Rights and Technology in 2025 December 19, 2025 Op-ed: Surveillance Tech Heightens Chilling Effects for Disabled Protestors December 15, 2025 Who We Are Our team of experts on both sides of the Atlantic has deep, cross-cutting knowledge and experience on issues relating to the internet and emerging technologies, including privacy, security, online expression, competition, and fostering healthy online civic space. We come from academia, private enterprise, government, and the nonprofit worlds to translate complex policy into action. See Staff Check Out CDT’S Podcast – Tech Talk Tech is all around you – and now, insights on the tech policies that are shaping your digital world can be added to your podcast playlist. You can find CDT’s Tech Talk anywhere you find your favorite podcasts, including on Spotify , SoundCloud , iTunes , Google Podcasts , Stitcher, and TuneIn . Go to Podcast Do you have a passion for finding innovative and practical solutions to technology policy challenges that align with civil rights, civil liberties, and democratic values? View our open opportunities. See Openings Join Us CDT works to strengthen individual rights and freedoms by defining, promoting, and influencing technology policy and the architecture of the internet that impacts our daily lives. The content throughout this website that originates with CDT can be freely copied and used as long as you make no substantive changes and clearly give us credit. More on CDT's content reuse policy is available here . CDT’s generative AI usage policy is available here . People CDT Europe CDT AI Governance Lab CDT Research Staff Board CDT Advisory Council CDT’s Non-Resident Fellows Collaborating Attorney Networks CDT Alumni Network Organization 2024 Annual Report Financials Press Events Donate Careers CDT's Tech Talk Areas of Focus AI Policy & Governance Cybersecurity & Standards Elections & Democracy Equity in Civic Tech Free Expression Government Surveillance Open Internet Privacy & Data Privacy Policy Contact Us Keep in Touch Copyright © 2025 by Center for Democracy and Technology. Created by nclud . CenDemTech CDT Europe