Biblical Faithfulness. Academic Excellence. | Cedarville University God Provided — See How » Apply Visit Give Menu Search Search Site Campus Links A-Z Directory All offices and departments Contact Cedarville Find a Person X Why Cedarville Toggle for Why Cedarville History Of Cedarville What We Believe Virtual Campus Tour Accreditation Outcomes Campus Profile Academics Toggle for Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Programs Dual Enrollment/CCP Continuing Education Academic Support and Assistance Schools and Departments Global Studies and Ministry Admissions and Aid Toggle for Admissions and Aid Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Costs and Aid Undergraduate Accepted Students Graduate Admissions Graduate Requirements Graduate Costs and Aid Dual Enrollment/CCP Admissions Dual Enrollment Requirements Dual Enrollment Costs Chapel Toggle for Chapel Livestream On-demand Archive Schedule President's Series Student Life Toggle for Student Life Chapel Student Activities Residence Life Graduate Student Life Ministries Toggle for Ministries Global Outreach Music Ministries On-Campus Ministries Apply Visit Request Info Give Athletics Calendar In the News Alumni Parents Campus Store Bolder. Wiser. Closer to Christ. Your days as a Cedarville University undergraduate, graduate, or dual-enrolled student will be life-transforming! Accept the challenge of living boldly and learning purposefully. Every day matters! Apply Visit Exceptional Academics With a Distinctly Biblical Worldview Find Your Degree or Program Search Programs More Prepared At Cedarville University, you don’t have to sacrifice academic quality to receive a truly Christian education. You can have both! We will equip you as an outstanding professional who will use your in-demand skills and high Christian character to make
    a difference for Jesus Christ. When you graduate, you’ll be ready to go boldly wherever God leads. What We Believe Student Life Undergraduate Whatever your unique gifts, choose from 150+ in-demand programs that equip you to serve and lead. Explore Undergraduate Graduate Advance your career for Christ in our 40+ healthcare, ministry, and business graduate programs. Explore Graduate Online Plug into the Cedarville experience with  online programs that are flexible, affordable, and in-demand. Explore Online Dual Enrollment Get a head start on college! Discover academically rigorous, biblically faithful dual credit courses. Explore Dual Enrollment 7,265 Total enrollment of undergraduate, graduate, and dual-enrolled students. 175+ Graduate, Undergraduate, and Dual Enrollment Programs 98.1% Career and Grad School Placement Rate How will you spend your 1000 Days? Growing in your walk with Christ as you are encouraged to know Him in deeper ways through chapel and Bible classes? Pursuing your vocational goals as you are equipped through challenging academics? Building relationships through late-night talks in the
residence halls or friendly competition on the intramural fields? As an undergraduate student at Cedarville, you can do it all, while having the time of your life and being prepared to impact the world for Christ. Visit Admissions Every Day Matters Psalm 90:12 We’ll help you make the most of every one of your 1000 Days and  prepare you to live each day that follows boldly, intentionally, on mission for Jesus Christ. Bible Minor Chapel From Our Students: Cedarville has not only enriched my education but has also played a pivotal role in my personal and spiritual growth. Ella Maiuri '24 The interactions I have had at Cedarville University have taught me that education is not merely receiving a degree but shaping your soul. Brad Hoffman '25 Job and Grad School Placement Request Info 1000 Days More Grateful,Stronger,More Humble,Closer to Christ,Deeper,Bolder Your Transforming Cedarville Journey Begins With a Single Day At Cedarville, you’ll grow in your walk with Christ and pursue your academic goals while making lifelong friends and lasting memories. By day 1,000, you’ll walk across the stage and collect your diploma. You will be prepared to step confidently
    into a job or grad school, fully equipped to make the most of the days to come. Visit Admissions & Aid 48 states 73 countries home to 7,265 students more than 1,200 new students each year 1000 Days Residential undergraduate students spend 1000 Days of life transformation on Cedarville University's campus. We help them make the most of every day. News Safer Roads Start with Smarter Engineering Cedarville civil engineering professor Dr. Hema Jayaseelan is transforming bridge safety through real-time data modeling. Her award-winning research is helping DOTs predict pre-stress losses more accurately and may soon inform national infrastructure design standards. View Campus News Media Experts Guide Cedarville University 22nd in Learfield Directors’ Cup standings CEDARVILLE, Ohio – The Yellow Jackets are currently No. 22 in Division II in the Learfield Director's Cup all-sports standings following the 2025 fall campaign. View Yellow Jacket Sports Upcoming Events View Calendar Academic Calendar Cedarville University Welcome to Cedarville University, an exceptional Christian university in southwest Ohio . As one of the top Christian colleges in the Midwest, Cedarville University attracts 7,265 undergraduate , online , graduate , and dual-enrolled high school students to more than 175 areas of study. Founded in 1887 for the Word of God and the Testimony of Jesus Christ, Cedarville is recognized nationally as a Baptist college with caring, authentic community; rigorous and Christ-centered academic programs; strong graduation and retention rates; intentional focus on the Gospel; accredited professional and health science majors; and leading student engagement ratings. Cedarville University has been honored as one of the top-ranked Christian universities granting bachelor’s degrees and a "best college" for studying the Bible. Cedarville University academic teams regularly win or rank in the top tier of national and international competitions. The University’s ranking in The Wall Street Journal’s 2026 Best Colleges in the U.S. places Cedarville among the top five evangelical universities in America. Schedule a visit at one of today’s top Christian colleges in Ohio and the greater Midwest online or by calling 1-800-CEDARVILLE (233-2784). So teach us to number our days that we may get a heart of wisdom. PSALM 90:12 Contact Us Contact Us 251 N. Main St. Cedarville, OH 45314 USA 1-800-CEDARVILLE 1-937-766-7700 Connect on Facebook Connect on YouTube Connect on X Connect on Instagram Connect on TikTok Quick Links Quick Links Admissions Academic Programs Apply Athletics Visit Request Info directory jobs comments or questions Consumer Information Copyright Infringement Notification Guest Policy Nondiscrimination Statement Privacy Statement Web Disclaimer © Copyright 2025