Explore

our solutions 

Discover

Cegid 

Read

our success stories 

Access

our resources 

Partner

area 

Customers
Contact
CEGID, MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE PUBLISHER
Elevate your potential with AI

With Cegid Pulse, Cegid innovates in management solutions to elevate the potential of businesses thanks to artificial intelligence at the service of every industry.

Find out more

 

Discover

Cegid acquires Shine to accelerate the path of becoming Europe’s leading financial copilot for SMBs and accountants.

Learn more
Inspired by your business, ready for you
Retail

Elevate Your Retail Experience.
Deliver an exceptional customer experience across all channels, all over the world, thanks to engaged in-store teams who are ambassadors of your brand.

Find out more
Human Resources

Rethink work experience for lasting performance.
Drive and manage the transformation of your organization, simplify HR processes and accelerate HRIS productivity with a global and open HCM platform.

Find out more
Resources to benefit your business
Retail
The Future of Retail – How to Embrace Direct to Consumer and Pre-Owned Models

Article 30 December 2025 5 min

Retail
Navigating Supply Chain Challenges: CEO Strategies for Resilient Fashion Retail

Article 23 December 2025 4 min

Retail
Luxury omnichannel strategies: The growth engine for brands

Article 11 December 2025 4 min

Retail
Elevating the In-Store Experience: Strategies for Success in Luxury Retail

Article 6 November 2025 7 min

Retail
Luxury’s ecological transition: Meeting evolving consumer expectations

Article 9 October 2025 6 min

Retail
How luxury brands in the can attract and retain top talent

Article 16 September 2025 4 min

Retail
Clienteling: a growth driver for luxury brands

Article 28 August 2025 4 min

Retail
Clienteling 101: Building Personalised Relationships to Boost Sales

Article 27 August 2025 5 min

Retail
Compliance: The Super Fuel Powering Forecourt Retail Success

In a comprehensive new Forecourt Trader Vision Report, developed in partnership with Cegid, the role of compliance in driving operational excellence, reducing risk, and delivering business value takes centre stage.

Article 30 July 2025 3 min

Retail
Cegid Named a Leader in the 2025 IDC MarketScape Report

Report 30 July 2025

Retail
How Compliance Can Strengthen Your Forecourt Business

Report 25 July 2025

Have a project? A question?
Our experts can answer.

Contact us
Retail
VeriFactu: the new system to guarantee the traceability and authenticity of invoices is now here

Article 17 July 2025 3 min

Retail
What are the big luxury trends around the world right now?

Article 7 July 2025 4 min

Retail
Transforming Beauty Retail: An Omnichannel Revolution

Ebook 1 July 2025

See all our resources
Purposeful innovation with the sole objective of creating value for our customers
User experience

We optimize the user experience, with the aim of making it even more intuitive.

Find out more
Artificial Intelligence

We integrate augmented intelligence into our products, allowing our customers to anticipate and make informed decisions using scenario modeling.

Learn More
Automation

We automate repetitive tasks so that our customers and their teams can focus on missions with a high added value for their businesses.

Cegid, Cloud leader with 20 years of expertise

750 000

 customers put their trust in us

4 / 250

Classification of French software providers | EY / Numeum 2024

4 / 100

Classification of French software providers | Truffle 100 2024

Since 2018, the Lacoste Group has sought to offer all of its employees a unified and digitalized HR experience. Thanks to the Cegid Talentsoft solution, we can take a giant step forward in our plan and achieve our objectives.

Benoit Paris

HRIS Director - Groupe Lacoste

A major advantage of Cegid Retail is that we have a single solution that's live in the 35 countries where we operate. It helps us comply with local regulations and implement common practices and processes across the group. It's also essential in that it ensures compliance with the L’Oréal Group's best practices and guidelines.

Nicolas Koller

Global IT Retail Manager - L’Oréal

At JCDecaux, we're interested in having peace of mind when using applications, and this is something we've achieved with Cegid. We've been able to take advantage of the platform without the problems that can be common in information technology. We get an impeccable level of support and what I like is that we also have this proactivity in terms of announcing the changes that need to be made

Luis Grandes

CIO JCDecaux Spain | JCDecaux

The implementation of custom dashboards has reduced the workload of the sales team, but also made for smoother reporting of information to the management for budget forecasts.

Julian Dajczgewand

Head of Sales Department - OptoSigma

You can't succeed without information and the investment we made in information systems allows us to have refined information in our ERP and that also naturally contributes to our company’s success.

Júlio Alves

CFO of Ferreira de Sá Rugs

The software helps us a lot in running our company daily. Instead of spending two hours working our accounting, in 20 or 30 minutes we can post 50 to 60 documents, which frees up time for what is essential.

Ricardo Rodrigues

Managing Partner of Capital Options

1
2
3
4
5
6

Contact our team to see how Cegid could help solve your challenges.​

Contact us

As a major player in companies’ digital transformation, Cegid offers companies cloud business management solutions.

Stay connected

Explore our solutions

Retail
Human resources

Choose our products

Cegid Retail
Cegid Retail Store Excellence
Cegid HR
Cegid RITA
Cegid Talent Plug and Play Edition
Cegid Notilus

About

About Cegid
The Cegid Team
Press
Cloud
Artificial Intelligence
User Experience
Customer support
Cegid Startup Program 
Join us 

Discover our resources

All our resources
Blog
Case Studies
Events
HR Debatable Podcast

Engage with you

Log in | CegidLife customer portal 
Login | Partner Portal 
Our partner ecosystem
Find a Cegid Partner 
Become a partner | information request
Become a channel partner (VAR) 

All rights reserved © Cegid 2025

Legal Notice
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Privacy policy & cookies
Global website

We’d love to hear from you.

Contact us!