Cello | User-led growth platform for SaaS Product Products User Referrals User referrals, embedded where they convert. See more Partner Referrals Turn your partners into a scalable revenue channel. See more Features Platform Web Experience Mobile Experience New Integrations Enterprise Customers Customer highlights See all Hera Hera launched referrals in just two days, now driving over 15% of their ARR growth through user referrals. Learn more Typeform Launched a user referral growth channel that achieved the lowest CAC across all acquisition channels. Learn more By Category GenAI Productivity Vertical SaaS HR & Finance Market Intelligence Resources Resources All Resources Become an expert on user-led growth. Discover guides, blog posts, and recent referral programs powered by Cello. Learn more Recent Resources Guide to B2B User Referrals Guide to B2B Affiliate Referrals Guide to B2B Influencer Referrals Referral ROI Calculator Cello Partner Program Pricing Docs Sign In Book a demo Integrate Cello fast with AI Referrals on Autopilot Referrals on Autopilot Cello is the AI-powered referral platform for building and automating User Referral and Partner programs. Get started with referrals Trusted by Read Read Read Read Read Read Watch with sound Referrals that look like you, powered by us The All-in-One referral platform, seamlessly integrated & enterprise-ready All-In-One Referral Platform Unlock the power of referrals with a single platform for both user and partner programs. No more juggling multiple tools—Cello seamlessly integrates peer-to-peer and partner-driven referrals to maximize growth. In-Product Integration Embed referrals directly into your product with just a few lines of code. Cello makes it effortless for users to share and recommend your product at the perfect moment—boosting engagement and driving organic growth. Enterprise Readiness Built for scale, designed for trust. Cello is fully GDPR & CCPA compliant, featuring automated fraud detection, instant payouts, and seamless tax compliance—so you can focus on growth, worry-free. The power of user-led growth ~ 0 h dev time needed 0 % avg. free-to-paid conversion rate 0 % avg. annual user-to-customer conversion rate Don’t just take our word for it Hear from our delighted customers about their experience using Cello. “Super fast and easy to set it up. Really straightforward to access data and insights, and implement changes to improve the metrics. Also super helpful, kind, and experienced team. A real joy to work with them” Raphael Allstadt, Co-Founder & CEO Learn more about tl;dv’s success story “We had a frictionless setup and are seeing promising results. Cello efficiently and quickly helped us set up and experiment upon an important growth loop.” Linus Hallberg, Senior Product Manager Learn more about Typeform’s success story “Cello boosted our referral program with their integrations, automated payouts, and smart notifications.” Anthony Hanbury-Williams, Growth Lead Learn more about veed’s success story “Smooth onboarding and user-friendly interface were the main selling points for Cello. Our users love the ease of use the most. We love to have an additional high ROI, scalable growth channel!” Patrick Andrae, CEO Learn more about Smoobu’s success story How it works Setting up a referral program used to be messy—not anymore How it works Integration Sharing Rewards Management Integrates Seamless Integration in a snap Make sharing available inside your product fast and hassle-free. We do all the heavy lifting with billing, payouts, and administration. Simple frictionless sharing Multiple sharing options and auto-generated landing pages make it easy for your users to share in any channel. Flexible, automated rewards Integrates directly with Stripe and other payment providers—fully automated attribution & success-based payouts. Management and performance tools A powerful platform to track performance in real-time. It makes proving program ROI a breeze. Integrates with your existing tools A secure, enterprise-ready platform that integrates with your CRM and RevOps tools. Backed by enterprise- grade security and scale Cello puts privacy and security first. The safest way to integrate a referral program. GDPR & CCPA compliance Deploy a referral program anywhere in the world— let us handle data privacy with local laws. Tax & KYC compliance Cello collaborates with internationally renowned tax lawyers to provide expert tax advice. SOC-II (coming soon) We adhere to SOC-II security standards, to learn more request here support@cello.so Cello Resources Become an expert on user-led growth. Guides • Complete Guide to your B2B Referral Program Want to get started with B2B referrals? Check out our complete guide to your B2B referral … Read more Blog • B2B Referral Program KPIs (2023) Dive into the world of B2B referral program KPIs & benchmarks. Explore successful program … Read more Blog • B2B Referral Program Examples Uncover B2B referral program examples and learn from best practices how other companies utilize … Read more See all articles > Guides • The untapped channel across GTM strategies for B2B SaaS: User Referrals Discover actionable tips & the complete process to launch your own influencer referral program Guides • 7 Psychological Drivers of Referral Behavior to Accelerate B2B Growth Learn how to set the right incentives for B2B SaaS user referral programs Guides • Building a habit – Interplay between product & UX for successful B2B user referral program adoption Discover actionable tips & the complete process to launch your own influencer referral program Guides • Nailing GTM for Successful B2B Referral Programs Learn how to set the right GTM strategy for B2B SaaS user referral programs Guides • The 4 Referral Program Categories for B2B SaaS (2025 Guide + Examples) Learn how to get started with  referral programs for B2B SaaS. Understand what type of referral … Guides • Scaling and Maintaining a B2B User Referral Program Learn how to set the right incentives for B2B SaaS user referral programs Guides • The Ultimate Guide to B2B Influencer Referral Programs Discover actionable tips & the complete process to launch your own influencer referral program Blog • Glossary • What are Organic Viral Loops? Uncover the secrets behind the remarkable success of organic viral loops in this insightful … Glossary • What is a CLV (Customer Lifetime Value)? Discover the key to long-term success in business with this insightful article on CLV (Customer … Glossary • What is a Go-To-Market Strategy? Learn all about go-to-market strategies and how these can help your business thrive. Blog • How to use incentives to drive velocity of your growth loops This article is written together with Wes Bush, founder and CEO of ProductLed and one of the … Guides • Complete Guide to your B2B Referral Program Want to get started with B2B referrals? Check out our complete guide to your B2B referral … Blog • Complete Guide to your Affiliate Program for B2B SaaS Learn how to get started with affiliate referral programs for B2B SaaS. Understand if affiliate … Frequently asked questions Everything about Cello, from programs to channels and pricing. How does your pricing work? Our pricing is designed to scale with the impact we generate. Each plan unlocks access to our referral platform and tools, and you pay more as your referral volume grows. No unnecessary complexity – just pricing that matches your stage and goals. Can you talk more about user rewards? Rewards are designed to be customizable for your individual business needs. We recommend recurring rewards calculated as a % of MRR generated from users they’ve referred. Rewards can be capped by setting a maximum reward limit per referral.

Users receive payouts directly to their PayPal or Venmo accounts.

Reward options such as gift cards, donations, and product rewards (e.g., discounts) are coming soon. What languages and regions are supported? We support rewarding users in Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bermuda, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chile, Croatia, Czechia, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, French Guiana, Georgia, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Greenland, Guatemala, Hong Kong SAR, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lesotho, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mauritius, Mozambique, Netherlands, Nicaragua, Norway, Oman, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Uruguay, Zambia, Zimbabwe.
Cello’s referral experience supports localization for users. We provide English, German, Spanish, French, Dutch, Italian, Portuguese, Danish, Slovak, and Japanese by default, and Cello will help you add additional languages on request. How do you deal with compliance, legal, and security? Your privacy and that of your users are our top priority. We offer DPAs with all our plans and are GDPR-compliant with servers based in the EU. We collaborate with data-protection-as-a-service provider to comply with international regulations for data protection. Get started with Cello Get started with referrals Product Product Pricing Docs Resources Guides Customer Stories Cello vs. Partnerstack Cello vs. Rewardful Cello vs. Aklamio Cello vs. Impact Advocate Cello Partner Program Legal Terms and Conditions Terms of Service Imprint DPA Company Jobs Media Imprint Copyright 2025 Cello Privacy Policy