Cemex - Corporate Website - Cemex Skip to Main Content Global NYSE(USD) BMV(MXN) Newsroom Careers Suppliers | Contact EN ES About Us How we create value Diversity Management Team Ethics and Compliance Products and Solutions Products Concrete Cement Aggregates Vertua Solutions Urbanization Solutions Regenera Projects Four Seasons Tamarindo Casa Loto Aldea Nizuc Starlight Benches Casa Pasiddhi Reflection Space Sustainability Future In Action Sustainable Products & Solutions Decarbonizing Our Operations Circular Economy Water, Biodiversity & Air Quality Innovation and Partnerships Promoting a Green Economy Social Impact Our 2030 Targets Policies & Positions Policies Position Papers Company Statements Innovation Digital Innovation Digital Innovation in Motion Building Information Modeling Investors Reports BMV Reports SEC Filings Relevant Events BMV Financial Reports Excel Debt Information Corporate Structure Maturity Profile Credit Ratings Debt Instruments Subordinated Notes Fixed Income Analysts Sustainable Finance Certificados Bursátiles Stock Information Dividends Stock Chart Capitalization Program Direct Stock Purchase Plan Equity Analysts Corporate Action Announcement Corporate Governance Committees By-Laws Cemex and the NYSE Sarbanes-Oxley Act Board of Directors Code of Ethics Analyst Estimates Financial FAQs Click to Configure Contents title title title title title Section Title ✕ We are a leading sustainable construction materials company, with innovation and sustainability at our core, creating value for stakeholders. About Us Careers Contact Us Section Title ✕ Focused on quality, innovation, and sustainability, our portfolio of products and solutions delivers exceptional building solutions tailored to customer needs. Products and Solutions Future in Action Innovation Section Title ✕ We’re committed to building a sustainable future by focusing on environmental, social, and governance issues, aiming to become a net-zero CO2 company. Sustainability Sustainable Finance ESG Ratings & Standards Section Title ✕ We push industry boundaries by exploring new technologies, materials, and processes to create better, more sustainable solutions that positively impact the world. Innovation Sustainability Partnerships Section Title ✕ Our commitment to stakeholder value is reflected in our strategy, fundamentals, and performance. Stay updated on key financial info, reports, and events. Investors Events Investor Presentation Integrated Report globe search menu arrow_back_ios close Click to Configure Mobile Options close Quick Links arrow_forward About Us arrow_forward Future in Action arrow_forward Investors arrow_forward Careers arrow_forward Newsroom close Page 1 keyboard_arrow_right Page 2 keyboard_arrow_right Page 3 keyboard_arrow_right Page 4 keyboard_arrow_right Page 5 keyboard_arrow_right Page 6 keyboard_arrow_right Newsroom Contact Us English Spanish Home Inicio Strong EBITDA in 3Q2025 Results for the third quarter of 2025 report strong EBITDA growth and continued progress in the transformation strategy. Learn more Rebirth of a Sanctuary El Carmen: Rebirth of a Sanctuary takes us on a journey through time, where past and present intertwine to secure a future in which nature flourishes. Learn more Rebirth of a Sanctuary El Carmen: Rebirth of a Sanctuary takes us on a journey through time, where past and present intertwine to secure a future in which nature flourishes. Learn more Building a Motorway Section We supplied a specialty concrete mix for the bridge structure of a new motorway section between Hořice and Sadová towns in the Czech Republic. Learn more We're constantly pushing the boundaries of what's possible to build a better future for all. View more Financial Performance Our commitment to creating stakeholder value is reflected in our strategy, fundamentals and performance. Stay up to date on key financial information, reports, and upcoming events. BBB- Stable Outlook S&P Credit Ratings A Climate Disclosure Score by CDP US$3.1 Billion 2024 Operating EBITDA US$16.2 Billion 2024 Net Sales BBB- Stable Outlook Fitch Credit Ratings A ESG Rating by MSCI View more Sustainability We focus on the environment, social, and governance to build a better future for all. Our goal of becoming a net-zero CO2 company drives us to push the boundaries of sustainable construction. View more Previous Next Products & Solutions CEMENT We formulate our cement products to offer exceptional strength, durability, and workability to construction projects. READY-MIX CONCRETE We create custom ready-mix concrete to meet your project's requirements with the perfect mix of cement, aggregates, admixtures, and water. AGGREGATES Our high-quality aggregates, sourced from quarries and marine deposits, deliver the strength and volume your concrete needs. URBANIZATION SOLUTIONS We provide solutions for more resilient and sustainable cities through four market segments. VERTUA Discover our portfolio of cutting-edge  products and solutions with sustainable attributes. REGENERA Join the circular economy with Regenera's tailored services for waste management. View more Innovation R&D Our team in Switzerland is creating innovative products and technologies to transform the industry. Cemex Ventures Our venture capital and open innovation unit unlocks innovation and drives the evolution of construction. Digital Cemex Go is the industry’s leading digital platform transforming how our customers do business. Latest news Cemex launches newest edition of Conservation Book Series celebrating 25 years of El Carmen Cemex announced today the release of the 32nd edition of its Conservation Book Series, celebrating 25 years of restoration and protection at the El Carmen Nature Reserve, one of the most ambitious private conservation efforts in North America. Cemex delivers double-digit EBITDA growth and margin expansion across all regions Cemex announced today its results for the third quarter of 2025, reporting strong EBITDA growth and continued progress in its transformation strategy. Net Sales increased by 5% while consolidated EBITDA grew at a double-digit rate, supported by operational efficiencies and higher consolidated prices. Cemex divests its operations in Panama  and expands its U.S. Aggregates business Cemex announced today that it has successfully closed the sale of its operations in Panama to Grupo Estrella for an enterprise value of approximately US$200 million, representing a multiple of approximately 12x adjusted EBITDA for the 12 months ended August 31, 2025. Cemex Supports Strategic Infrastructure Corridor in the Czech Republic Cemex has contributed to the development of a key infrastructure project in the Czech Republic by supplying a specialty concrete mix for bridge structure of a new motorway section between the towns of Hořice and Sadová. View more ETHOSline We encourage our employees, stakeholders, and the general public to submit suggestions, inquiries and report alleged ethics, compliance or governance violations through ETHOSline, an open and confidential communication channel. Make a report Building a Better Future Cemex is an industry-leading global construction materials and solutions company that drives innovation to help the world reach the next frontier of sustainable living. With our 100-plus year heritage, we are committed to achieving carbon neutrality through relentless innovation and industry-leading research and development. We stand at the forefront of the circular economy in the construction value chain and pioneer ways to increase the use of waste and residues as alternative raw materials and fuels in our operations. With a digitally enabled customer experience, we offer cement, ready-mix concrete, aggregates, and urbanization solutions in growing markets around the world. About Us Future in Action Investors Careers Contact Us Newsroom Brand Guidelines ©2025 Cemex S.A.B DE C.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Sitemap arrow_upward TO TOP This website uses cookies to deliver you a better experience. 
				  Using this website means you are okay with this. Please check our Privacy Statement for additional details. I understand. Hidden