Skip to Content
Select role
arrow_drop_down
Search as...
arrow_drop_down
Search Our [[catalog]] Catalog
search
help
Language
US
SIGN IN
Higher Ed Course Materials for Easier Learning

At Cengage, we’re here for you.

Who We Are.

Cengage helps higher education instructors, learners and institutions thrive with course materials built around their needs.

Students

Get the eBooks and online learning platforms you need for your classes, at an affordable price.

SEARCH COURSE MATERIALS
Instructors

Find course materials and resources to set up your lessons, support your students and teach your way.

BROWSE DISCIPLINES
Administrators

Ensure all students have affordable access to required course materials on day one of class with Cengage Unlimited for Institutions (CUI).

EXPLORE CUI
Cengage Unlimited, the one-of-a-kind subscription service for course materials

With Cengage Unlimited, a student gets access to our entire library of eBooks and online learning platforms, at least four free textbook rentals (they just pay S&H) and hundreds of skill-building activities to boost their academic success and career readiness — all for one subscription price.

Explore Cengage Unlimited

 

"Students are not only saving a whole bunch of money by doing Cengage Unlimited. They're also getting wonderful top quality resources and textbooks and homework management systems that are going to aid in their learning."

— Kristen Quinn, Adjunct Associate Professor of Practice Northern Essex Community College and Full-Time Associate Professor at Assumption University

Language
United States
Higher Ed
Blog 
Contact Us
Content Development Philosophy 
Events
Sitemap
Company
About 
Accessibility 
Careers 
Investors 
News 
Royalties
Follow Cengage
Terms Of Use  Privacy  Do Not Sell  Piracy  Copyright 
© 2025 Cengage Learning, Inc. and its affiliates

Welcome to Cengage United States!

It looks like you’re visiting from South Korea. Would you like to go to the Cengage South Korea site instead?

GO TO SOUTH KOREA SITE
Stay on United States site
Use of Cookies
We and our partners may use cookies, pixels, and similar technologies to collect information about you, including about your browsing activities and devices. This may result in your information being collected by our third-party partners. By choosing to "Accept All Cookies", you agree to these practices, including as described in the Privacy Policy
Manage Options Accept All Cookies