Censys | The Authority for Internet Intelligence and Insights Skip to content The 2025 Report | Insights into Adversary Infrastructure & C2 Explore the Findings Censys Login Platform Platform The one place to understand and act on everything on the Internet. Censys Platform Internet Map AI at Censys 2025 State of the Internet: Introduction Read more about this topic Solutions Solutions Powerful solutions that deliver end to end value for every type of security professional. Censys Search Security Operations and Triage Attack Surface Management Threat Hunting Critical Infrastructure Press Release: Censys Enhances Critical Infrastructure Protection with Unmatched Internet Visibility Read more about this topic Industries Industries See how Censys empowers security teams across industries. Cybersecurity Energy and Utilities Financial Services Government Healthcare Unpacking the Oracle EBS Debacle: Industries, Geography, and MOVEit Comparisons Read more about this topic Resources Resources Explore Censys thought leadership on threat hunting, attack surface management, and industry trends. Security Advisories Blog Resource Hub Integrations Case Studies Webinars Events Pricing Developers Glossary Documentation Community Company Company Learn more about the Censys mission and the talented team behind it. About Us Leadership Our Customers Partners Careers Censys Partner Program Read more about this topic Request demo Get Started Now Censys Platform Platform The one place to understand and act on everything on the Internet. Censys Platform Internet Map AI at Censys 2025 State of the Internet: Introduction Read more about this topic Solutions Solutions Powerful solutions that deliver end to end value for every type of security professional. Censys Search Security Operations and Triage Attack Surface Management Threat Hunting Critical Infrastructure Press Release: Censys Enhances Critical Infrastructure Protection with Unmatched Internet Visibility Read more about this topic Industries Industries See how Censys empowers security teams across industries. Cybersecurity Energy and Utilities Financial Services Government Healthcare Unpacking the Oracle EBS Debacle: Industries, Geography, and MOVEit Comparisons Read more about this topic Resources Resources Explore Censys thought leadership on threat hunting, attack surface management, and industry trends. Security Advisories Blog Resource Hub Integrations Case Studies Webinars Events Pricing Developers Glossary Documentation Community Company Company Learn more about the Censys mission and the talented team behind it. About Us Leadership Our Customers Partners Careers Censys Partner Program Read more about this topic Request demo Get Started Now Login The Authority for Internet Intelligence and Insights Censys maintains the authoritative map of global Internet infrastructure used by organizations worldwide to uncover risks faster, respond more effectively, and prevent breaches before they happen. See It In Action Trusted by Governments, Global 2000, and Cyber Companies Worldwide Censys Internet Map Security teams not only need real-time visibility, but insights they can act on. Censys provides modern security teams the Internet intelligence they need to stay ahead. The best insights come from the best data. Censys’ foundation is our industry-leading Internet Map that provides real-time data about all Internet infrastructure. Our unmatched visibility enables us to uncover the most important insights for security organizations in real time. You can explore, analyze, and drive decisions using the Censys Platform — a comprehensive tool for understanding your exposure, your dependencies and blind spots, other Internet players, and attackers’ infrastructure. Learn more about One Source of Truth Intelligence and Insights Attack Surface Management, Threat Hunting, and Proactive Cyber Defense With the Industry's best Internet intelligence at your fingertips, it is easier than ever to accomplish your security objectives at scale — whether it be discovering your digital footprint, identifying unknown exposures, or tracking attacker infrastructure. Attack Surface Management Gain the attacker perspective Remediate your most critical security vulnerabilities before attackers can strike. Censys continuously identifies and monitors all internet-facing assets tied to your organization, including those you didn’t know about. Personalized risks ensure your team prioritizes the exposures most likely to be exploited. Learn more Threat Hunting Proactively understand adversary infrastructure Stay ahead of an evolving threat landscape with access to the rich, contextualized intelligence on the infrastructure that threat actors are using to mount attacks. Use our highly-structured Internet data to detect compromises, uncover attacker-controlled infrastructure, and identify new attack methods. Learn more Critical infrastructure protection Defend industrial control systems critical to national security Understand and remediate the Internet exposure of the control systems and power national critical infrastructure. Gain real-time visibility into your, ICS environments, mitigate threats of disruption, and protect operational resilience. Subsidiaries, mergers, and acquisitions Know the risk before you grow Gain complete visibility into the cybersecurity posture of subsidiaries  and potential acquisitions. Quickly uncover hidden cyber risks with real-time insights, empowering your security team to make informed decisions about infrastructure they might not otherwise have visibility into. Cloud asset discovery Take control of your cloud exposure Eliminate blind spots by gaining complete visibility into your cloud footprint. Equip security teams to identify risks, manage shadow IT, and proactively defend against threats. Internet Visibility Understand the internet with unprecedented clarity Censys provides security analysts with the Internet visibility and context they need to quickly uncover and respond to incidents, to identify anomalous events, and to prioritize remediation efforts. Access a comprehensive, continuously updated view of global Internet infrastructure to get a clear picture of your own Internet presence, your suppliers, and your adversaries. Learn more Attack Surface Management Threat Hunting Critical infrastructure protection Subsidiaries, mergers, and acquisitions Cloud asset discovery Internet Visibility Gain the attacker perspective Remediate your most critical security vulnerabilities before attackers can strike. Censys continuously identifies and monitors all internet-facing assets tied to your organization, including those you didn’t know about. Personalized risks ensure your team prioritizes the exposures most likely to be exploited. Learn more about Attack Surface Management Proactively understand adversary infrastructure Stay ahead of an evolving threat landscape with access to the rich, contextualized intelligence on the infrastructure that threat actors are using to mount attacks. Use our highly-structured Internet data to detect compromises, uncover attacker-controlled infrastructure, and identify new attack methods. Learn more about Threat Hunting Defend industrial control systems critical to national security Understand and remediate the Internet exposure of the control systems and power national critical infrastructure. Gain real-time visibility into your, ICS environments, mitigate threats of disruption, and protect operational resilience. Know the risk before you grow Gain complete visibility into the cybersecurity posture of subsidiaries  and potential acquisitions. Quickly uncover hidden cyber risks with real-time insights, empowering your security team to make informed decisions about infrastructure they might not otherwise have visibility into. Take control of your cloud exposure Eliminate blind spots by gaining complete visibility into your cloud footprint. Equip security teams to identify risks, manage shadow IT, and proactively defend against threats. Understand the internet with unprecedented clarity Censys provides security analysts with the Internet visibility and context they need to quickly uncover and respond to incidents, to identify anomalous events, and to prioritize remediation efforts. Access a comprehensive, continuously updated view of global Internet infrastructure to get a clear picture of your own Internet presence, your suppliers, and your adversaries. Learn more about Internet Visibility Why Organizations Around the World Choose Censys "Censys is like Shodan on steroids. With Censys, we could see details about the attacker’s infrastructure, such as web servers, certificates, and other equipment, allowing us to expand our view beyond just the targeted site. " Pedro Zeferino Head of Cybersecurity, NOS See Why Teams Choose Censys "Censys plays a critical role in our technology stack for understanding risk and automating insurance processes. We choose Censys over other tools because of its reliability." Ayelet Kutner CTO, At-Bay Read case study "When managing any attack surface, finding a new risk means you must also find the person responsible for remediating. With Censys ASM Workspaces, it is simple and easy to segment our attack surface so that it is clear who needs to take action." Wolfgang Bauer IT Security Manager, Swiss Life Read case study "The powerful search functionality and extensive historical data made Censys great to use for attribution. Censys is used in almost every investigation we do." Bill Marczak Research Fellow, Citizen Lab Read case study "The quality of metadata and information is brilliant and essential in cyber operations. We love the search capabilities, flexibility, and pivoting to find other linked infrastructure. IP and service information and metadata is unparalleled." Manager IT Security and Risk Management Gartner Peer Insights What’s New Research and Resources to Guide Your Strategy blog Press Release: Censys Enhances Critical Infrastructure Protection with Unmatched Internet Visibility arrow reports The 2025 State of the Internet Report arrow ebooks Attack Surface Management 101: Your Guide to Total Visibility in Healthcare arrow Protect What You Own With Unmatched Intelligence. Get Started Today. Create free account Censys US : +1-888-985-5547 ◆ Intl : +1-877-438-9159 Why Censys Censys Platform Censys Search AI at Censys Threat Hunting Attack Surface Management Censys for Government Partners Request Demo Explore Careers Security Advisories Blog Contact Us Community Documentation ASM for Small Businesses Pricing Popular 2025 State of the Internet Report Cloud Security Assessment Tools Infrastructure Monitoring Vulnerability Management Tools Top Ransomware Attack Vectors Attack Surface Mapping Subscribe to our newsletter Copyright © 2025 Censys Data Retention Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions