Home - Central Index Skip to content Territories Data Alliance Publishers Listings Management Contact × Territories Data Alliance Publishers Listings Management Contact The world's local data exchange We are building the Central Index of rich, verified business data. Add Your Business Register Your Interest Check out our territories to learn more about the Central Index Check out each territory and dive into the data on our territories page today. More Details Developers - Sign up for an API key Do you have a great idea for an app or website using local business data? Well, you have come to the right place. We want to help you get your idea off the ground. And we want you to help us build the most accurate database of local information in the world. More Details Publishers - Work with us to add great content and generate revenue If you are a newspaper, magazine or website publisher, our fantastic local content and revenue model could be perfect for you. Find out more now. More Details Do you operate lots of local branches for your brand or as an agency? Working with Central Index Listings Management service, we can make sure your local information is correctly represented on our network and on a huge range of local and national websites. This is a must for any brand that has local customers - find out more today. More Details Do you need access to fantastic, up to date local business data for marketing or business purposes? We aggregate the best possible local business data for each country and can offer it under license for marketing use - check out our territories and find out more then get in touch to discuss your needs. More Details Looking to become a partner? We are interested in working with many organisations to build the Central Index in quality and scope. Whether you’re a publisher, data owner, or corporation with multiple branches, we want to hear from you today. Become a Partner We believe the world needs a trusted source of business data. Take control of your Central Index Card today, and let us share your true information with the World! About Territories Data Alliance Publishers Listings Management Quick Links Contact Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Terms of Use The World's Local Data Exchange | Copyright 2025 © centralindex.com