The Leader in Rapid Incident Response Safety Solutions | CENTEGIX a  Solutions 9 Safety platform The foundation for a layered safety plan that saves critical time in emergencies. 9 Wearable panic button Empower your staff to get help instantly in an emergency with a push of a button on our CrisisAlert solution. 9 Location-aware video Enhance situational awareness for first responders with location-aware video. 9 Visitor management Authenticate, manage, and locate visitors on your campus. 9 Critical incident mapping Direct responders to critical incidents with Safety Blueprint, our digital mapping solution for rapid emergency response. 9 Reunification Quickly reunite staff, students, and personnel in an emergency. 9 Platform Partner Program Integrate and automate with our strategic integrations that work with your safety and security ecosystem.  Industries 9 K-12 Education Give your school and district staff the confidence to act and respond quickly in emergencies—from the everyday to the extreme. 9 Higher Education Create a safe and secure community that attracts top faculty and students with our campus safety solutions for colleges and universities. 9 Healthcare Discreet duress button and safety solutions protect healthcare staff from violence in the workplace. 9 Commercial Create safer workplaces by empowering employees with a wearable safety solution for incident response. 9 Government Discreet safety solutions for government staff and public servants keep them safe while they do critical work on behalf of their constituents. 9 Public Safety Provide public safety agencies with precise, real-time incident response data to coordinate and deploy help in an emergency.  Resources 9 Resources 9 School Safety by State 9 Alyssa's Law 9 Funding for School Safety 9 Blog 9 Testimonials 9 CENTEGIX In Action 9 Funding for Healthcare Safety  About 9 About Us 9 Careers 9 Media Assets 9 Every Story Matters 9 In the News Contact Login & Support Request a Demo a Solutions C Safety Blueprint® C CrisisAlert C Location-aware video C Visitor Management C Safety Blueprint C Reunification C Platform Partner Program C Industries C K-12 Education C Higher Education C Healthcare C Commercial C Government C Public Safety C Resources C Resources C State School Safety Standards C Alyssa’s Law C Funding for School Safety C Funding for Healthcare Safety C Blog C Testimonials C CENTEGIX In Action C About C About Us C In The News C Careers C Contact Us C Customer Login & Support C Request A Demo C In Emergency Response, EVERY. SECOND. MATTERS.® You carry the weight of every second. We built the technology to help you carry it confidently.  Our rapid response Safety Platform® and solutions compress precious time in emergencies and empower your staff to act calmly, confidently, and clearly when it matters most. No confusion. No hesitation. Just life-saving action. It’s why more organizations nationwide trust our platform and the most-used wearable panic button to protect their people every day. See it in action In an Emergency, EVERY. SECOND. MATTERS. ® You carry the weight of every second. We built the technology to help you carry it confidently. Our rapid response Safety Platform® and solutions compress precious time in emergencies and empower your staff to act calmly, confidently, and clearly when it matters most. No confusion. No hesitation. Just life-saving action. It’s why more organizations nationwide trust our platform and the most-used wearable panic button to protect their people every day. See it in action 15M+ people protected 700K+ alerts delivered 15K+ locations covered Built by People Who’ve Been in Your Shoes We understand the weight of protecting others—the students, the patients, the public—because we’ve been there. The pressure is constant and the stakes are high. Our team includes former educators, law enforcement, and caregivers who’ve lived that urgency firsthand. That’s why we obsess over the critical seconds that define an emergency. For every leader responsible for a campus, facility, or workplace, our Safety Platform is singularly focused on compressing your emergency response timeline. It leverages dynamic digital mapping, real-time locating capabilities, an easy-to-use wearable panic button, and visitor management and reunification capabilities to plan for and respond faster to any safety situation. { The ability to have that additional sense of safety and security… it gives our staff such a sense of safety, protection, and consideration. Kala Bettis, MA, LSC, LAC, LPC Integrated Behavioral Health Supervisor Vail Health Behavioral Health, CO { Our District is adding a layer of safety with the CENTEGIX CrisisAlert wearable badge for Alyssa’s Law, gaining the on-site notifications—strobes, computer screen takeovers, intercom announcements—that initiate our emergency protocols and direct everyone on campus to follow their safety training. Dr. Howard Hepburn Superintendent Broward County Public Schools, FL { Whether it is a whole campus situation—the unthinkable—or these different medical emergencies, I cannot think of anything that’s going to speed up a response the way the Safety Platform does, or enable as many employees to be able to get help and initiate a response. Dr. Kim Morgan Superintendent Brantley County Schools, GA { Workplace safety [is the] number one issue not only for the schools but also throughout the nation, so this gives an extra level of security for our staff members. Frank Stanage Human Resources Director Alamo Heights ISD, TX { I had a student have a diabetic seizure in my classroom.  The nurse was there within 2 minutes. Today I realized what a blessing the panic button on my Centegix badge truly is without it the response time would’ve probably doubled, if not tripled. THAT is how you spend money to protect and support teachers and students. Brandie Mobbs Educator Gadsden City Schools, AL Different Missions. One Goal: Safety Without Delay Healthcare Empower healthcare workers to get help during instances of workplace violence and other emergencies, anywhere on campus. Government Keep public servants and staff safe where they do critical work on behalf of constituents and communities. K-12 Education Give your school district staff the confidence to act and respond quickly in emergencies–from the every day to the extreme. Higher Education Technology to create a safe campus culture for your trade school, college or university. Commercial Easy-to-use safety solutions create safer workplaces by protecting all employees, customer-facing and behind the scenes. Public Safety Direct responders to the precise location of critical incidents with digital mapping for rapid emergency response. Solutions Powered by the Safety Platform Seconds save lives. Use digital critical incident maps you control to direct responders to an emergency with precision, down to the floor and room level. You own your maps and can update them anytime. Adding safety assets to your maps provides everyone from your facility manager to first responders with the location of the nearest AEDs, video cameras, bleed control and first aid. Explore Safety Blueprint Empower your staff to get help instantly anywhere on your campus with a push of a button–giving them, and you, critical peace of mind. Ninety-eight percent of CrisisAlert users feel safer and more supported at work. Explore CrisisAlert No longer worry if unauthorized personnel are on your campus. Efficiently authenticate, manage, and locate visitors on your campus with versatile check-in options, comprehensive visitor screening, real-time visitor locating, and discreet issue detection and notification to keep schools, facilities, and workplaces safe. Explore Visitor Management In an emergency,  order is critical–especially during reunification. Our reunification solution turns chaos into order, with a streamlined process to quickly and safely account for every student in your care. Explore Reunification In the News Empowering Staff to Act and Respond In Critical Moments 98% of CrisisAlert usage helps staff with everyday emergencies 700K+ CrisisAlert badge users 98% say CrisisAlert helps them feel safe and supported Cultivate a Culture of Safety Unify your leaders, staff, and sites around safety planning, preparation, and response. Putting time on your side is critical in an emergency, but as a leader, you know safety starts long before the emergency, and you can’t do it alone. It takes a unified team to turn a safety plan into a safety culture. That’s where our Safety Platform becomes your essential solution. It equips everyone with a simple, consistent way to act and respond to an emergency—from an everyday incident to an extreme crisis. The result is a proactive culture of safety, where your people are empowered to act and respond with confidence, clarity, and calm in the seconds that matter most. Explore the safety platform Why Leaders Trust CENTEGIX CrisisAlert is the solution we’ve been looking for. Knowing that in healthcare, if there’s a problem, you just hit that badge…This is an outstanding solution to a long-standing problem. Kevin Klauer, DO, EJD, FACEP President and CEO , Shepherd’s Hope The immediate response is something I love…it’s not even a second after I hit my button. It’s that comfort and reassurance that my team is here for me and will help protect me and the clinic. Christine Stiebel Patient Experience Coordinator , Vail Health Behavioral Health, CO When we evaluated dozens of solutions to comply with the panic button mandates in different states, we were impressed with CENTEGIX’s unique ability to cover every square foot of a property. That—along with the ease of installation and their responsive approach to customer support—led to our decision that CENTEGIX is the best solution for our properties. Scott Jones Director of Install , RFI Solutions, GA The idea that anybody can call a lockdown is huge. And not only that, 911 is notified immediately, and they know who activated the lockdown and where they were located…That’s good knowledge, especially for law enforcement. Jeremy Gulley Superintendent , Jay School Corporation, IN Safety and security is everyone’s responsibility, so if we’re going to make that everyone’s responsibility, then everyone needs to be empowered to have a voice. These are public schools and parents entrust their children to us every day. Michelle Mccord Superintendent , Frenship Independent School District, TX Explore TESTIMONIALS Our previous mobile app didn’t work because there were simply too many places on campus where the service was unavailable. We switched to CENTEGIX because there was nothing else that compared in terms of complete campus coverage and ease of use. Frank Frangella Chief of Safety and Security , Martin County School District, FL The Award-Winning Trusted Safety Partner for Thousands of Organizations Nationwide Ready to Transform Your Emergency Response? Schedule a custom demo SOLUTIONS Safety Platform CrisisAlert mobile panic button Location-aware video Visitor Management Reunification Safety Blueprint critical incident mapping Safety solutions integrations INDUSTRIES K-12 Education Higher Education Healthcare Commercial Government Public Safety RESOURCES Resources School Safety by State Funding for School Safety Funding for Healthcare Safety Alyssa's Law Blog Testimonials CENTEGIX in Action COMPANY About Us Every Story Matters In the News Careers Media Assets Privacy Policy PARTNERS Partner Portal Become a Partner CONTACT Contact Us Customer Login and Support EVERY. SECOND. MATTERS. ® Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Copyright 2025 CENTEGIX. All Rights Reserved.