This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Decline
Accept
Cookie Preferences
Skip to Main Content
Search
CONTACT
Who We Are
Why We're Different
Products & Services
Careers
Investors
News

Transforming the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time.


 


 


This is Centene

Centene’s mission is focused on helping people live healthier lives. For 40 years, our company has worked tirelessly to increase access to affordable, high-quality healthcare to those who need it most. Every community and person has unique needs and we strive for continuous improvement and expansion of our services to better meet those needs every day.


 

Who We Are >


 

Featured Stories

Standing With Rural Communities to Improve Health Access

Increasing Access to Healthcare: Insights from the Future of Health Summit 2025

Start Smart for Your Baby®, Centene’s Maternity and Child Health Program, Evolves to Meet Community Needs


 


 


 

View All News >

   

Serving our Members

As a leading provider of government-sponsored healthcare, we provide access to affordable, high-quality services to Medicaid and Medicare members, as well as to individuals and families served by the Health Insurance Marketplace. We are the largest Medicaid managed care organization and the largest and longest-running carrier on the Marketplace.


 

Products & Services >


 


 


 


 

Investing in Communities

We believe that quality healthcare is best delivered locally. That’s why Centene’s health insurance plans are locally branded, with teams in every community we serve. This allows us to be present in our communities, and to better understand and provide solutions for the unique needs of our members, providers and other stakeholders. We partner with local organizations and nonprofits to further address the challenges our members face at the local level. 


 

Our Impact >
Careers

At Centene, we're passionate about transforming the health of the communities we serve while giving our employees the freedom to take charge of their own career journeys. We offer a competitive total rewards package including vacation, a 401(k) matching program and health insurance. Find your purpose and make a difference working here.

Join our Team 
External Link


 


 


 

 


 


 


 


 



 

 


 

Life at Centene

Our collaborative and engaging work environment is a cornerstone of Centene’s culture, which includes a flexible approach for our employees to do their best work in the way they work best. This mindset not only broadens our employees’ knowledge and skills, but also results in better outcomes for our members.

Our People >


 

Prioritizing Corporate Sustainability

As a corporate neighbor, we believe that environmental stewardship, enriching the social well-being of the communities we serve and adhering to high standards of ethics and sound corporate governance are essential to the welfare of our members, employees and communities.


 

Learn More >


 

Centene Investor Relations

We are committed to delivering sustainable, profitable growth through strategic focus, innovative programs and a uniquely local approach in the rapidly evolving healthcare sector. Explore how our competitive advantages drive market differentiation, value creation and significant opportunities for future growth.

Visit Investor Site 
External Link


 


 

Transforming the health of the communities we serve, one person at a time.
 

HEALTHCARE IS BEST DELIVERED LOCALLY

Our uniquely local approach allows us to help members access high-quality, culturally sensitive healthcare services.

 

CENTENE IS COMMITTED TO CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY

The health of individuals drives our focus on the environment, removing social barriers to health and prioritizing responsible corporate governance.

Who We Are Why We're Different Products & Services Careers
External Link
 Investors
External Link
 News
CONTACT
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
EXTERNAL LINK
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PURCHASE ORDER TERMS & CONDITIONS
SITE MAP
   

© Copyright 2025 Centene Corporation

`