The CentOS Project Download About About CentOS Special Interest Groups (SIGs) Governance Code of Conduct Sponsors Community Contribute Forums Mailing Lists Chat Events Calendar Blog Submit Bug Documentation Manuals GPG Key Info Release Notes The CentOS Project Community-driven free software effort focused on delivering a robust open
source ecosystem around a Linux platform. Learn more Contribute Forums Mailing Lists Chat Events Calendar Blog Submit Bug CentOS Stream Continuously delivered distro that tracks just ahead of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL). Download CentOS Hyperscale CentOS stability built for massively large-scale deployments. Learn more CentOS Connect Join us in Brussels January 29-30 for our annual contributor conference, part of the FOSDEM Fringe. Learn more Special Interest Groups CentOS Special Interest Groups create CentOS distributions,
develop and package additional software on top of CentOS,
and help the CentOS project with documentation and outreach. Alternative Images Live ISO images, WSL images, and images that include different software. Learn more Automotive Public, in-development preview of the upcoming Red Hat In-Vehicle Operating System. Learn more Cloud Builds of OKD Kubernetes, RDO OpenStack, and Stream CoreOS. Learn more Hyperscale CentOS stability built for massively large-scale deployments Learn more Integration Verifying products and services built on top of RHEL or CentOS Stream Learn more ISA Evaluating the benefits of enabling new CPU features. Learn more Kmods Kernel modules for the stock Enterprise Linux kernel, as well as Fedora
flavored kernels for Enterprise Linux distributions. Learn more Storage Storage solutions for enterprise environments, including Ceph, Gluster,
NFS Ganesha, and Samba. Learn more Virtualization User-consumable full stack of virtualization technologies. Learn more Artwork — Artwork and design to support the CentOS project. Docs — Documentation for CentOS Stream and the CentOS SIGs. Infrastructure — Providing a working group to manage all CentOS infrastructure. NFV — Platform for the deployment and testing of virtual network functions (VNFs)
and NFV component packages on CentOS. Promo — Event planning, social media, and other activities to promote the CentOS project. Proposed Updates — Faster critical updates for running CentOS Stream in production All Special Interest Groups News CentOS Board Meeting Recap, December 2025 by shaunm @ 2025-12-15 14:12:38 December 2025 News by shaunm @ 2025-12-10 22:43:39 CentOS Board Meeting Recap, November 2025 by shaunm @ 2025-11-17 16:21:46 CentOS Board Meeting Recap, October 2025 by shaunm @ 2025-11-04 16:19:16 Videos CentOS Stream - a preview of RHEL, a solid base for CentOS SIGs Watch Something for SIGs: Story of Packit and CBS Koji Watch Creating content collections for CentOS SIGs Watch Community-driven free software effort focused around the goal of providing a rich base platform for open source communities to build upon. Sponsors CentOS would not be possible without the support of our sponsors. We would
like to thank the following product/service for being a CentOS sponsor. If
you value our work, please consider becoming a sponsor! Copyright © 2025 The CentOS Project Legal Privacy Site source