Best ABA and Multidisciplinary Software Solution for Autism & IDD Care Skip to content Free Assessment Tools & Training for Graduate Students — Explore Now Help Certifications Search Type and Press Enter Login Products Resources About Us Enterprise ABA Therapy Startup & Small ABA Therapy Multidisciplinary Therapy PK-12 Special Education Meet cari™ — Your CR AI Agent Learn More Manage your entire ABA operations with one AI-powered Autism and IDD Care platform. EMR Unify your practice with one system to manage all operations. Practice Management & Data Collection Reporting & Analytics Assessments & Curriculum Advanced Scheduling Draft, modify, and optimize ABA schedules with AI in minutes. AI‑Powered Scheduling Care Team Management Arm every care team member with AI‑boosted Care 360 clinical tools. Notes Auditing Caregiver Training RBT Data Collection Interoperability Connect your operations with supported integrations. Partners APIs Claims Maximizer Maximize revenue collections with AI‑powered RCM. Claims Accelerating Claims Auditing Managed Billing Workforce Enablement Onboard and develop staff with CEUs, training, and test prep. Learning Management - CEUs RBT & BCBA Test Prep Automate and grow your practice with an AI-powered platform for small therapy providers. EMR Unify your practice with one system to manage all operations. Practice Management & Data Collection Assessments & Curriculum Care Team Management Arm every care team member with AI‑boosted Care 360 clinical tools. Caregiver Training Interoperability Connect your operations with supported integrations. Partners Workforce Enablement Onboard and develop staff with CEUs, training, and test prep. Learning Management - CEUs RBT & BCBA Test Prep Manage your ABA, speech, OT, and more with an AI-powered Autism and IDD Care Platform. EMR Unify your practice with one system to manage all operations. Practice Management & Data Collection Reporting & Analytics Assessments & Curriculum Advanced Scheduling Draft, modify, and optimize schedules with AI in minutes. AI‑Powered Scheduling Care Team Management Arm every care team member with AI‑boosted Care 360 clinical tools. Notes Auditing Caregiver Training RBT Data Collection Interoperability Connect your operations with supported integrations. Partners APIs Claims Maximizer Maximize revenue collections with AI‑powered RCM. Claims Accelerating Claims Auditing Managed Billing Workforce Enablement Onboard and develop staff with CEUs, training, and test prep. Learning Management - CEUs RBT & BCBA Test Prep Comprehensive tools to support students in special education and beyond. Data Collection & IEP Management Organize and track special education student data and progress for cross‑team collaboration. IEP and Behavior Data Collection Professional Development Expert‑led training designed specifically for special education Customized Training Assessments & Curriculum in Special Education Evidence‑based curriculum and assessment tools to build skills, track progress, and meet IEP goals. ABLLS-R | AFLS Assessments Interactive Curriculum Building Independence: Vocational, SEL & EF Engaging tools to support skill‑building, independence, and successful transitions. Social Skills & Self‑Management Digital Prompting for Vocational Readiness Not sure what you need? Talk to a CentralReach rep today. Contact Us Resources CR Institute™ CR Blog CR Community Webinars & Events The Behavioral View CR Unite® 2025 Autism and IDD Care Awards 2025 Featured Event Here's What You Missed at CR Unite 2025 Customer Success RBT Empowerment Drives Organizational Growth About Us Company Leadership Scientific Advisory Board CR Cares™ Partners News Contact Us Careers Security at CentralReach Our AI Philosophy In the News Recover More Revenue, Faster: CentralReach Introduces CR ClaimAcceleratorAI® Redefining Documentation: How BASS Improved Session Note Workflows with AI Get Started Get Started Enterprise ABA Therapy Practice Management & Data Collection Reporting & Analytics Assessments & Curriculum AI‑Powered Scheduling CR Care360 Notes Auditing Caregiver Training RBT Data Collection Claims Accelerating Claims Auditing Managed Billing Learning Management – CEUs RBT & BCBA Test Prep Startup & Small ABA Therapy Practice Management & Data Collection Assessments & Curriculum CR Care360 Caregiver Training Learning Management – CEUs RBT & BCBA Test Prep Multidisciplinary Therapy PK-12 Special Education IEP and Behavior Data Collection Customized Training ABLLS-R | AFLS Assessments Interactive Curriculum Social Skills & Self‑Management Digital Prompting for Vocational Readiness Resources CR Institute™ CR Blog CR Community Webinars and Events The Behavioral View CR Unite® Autism and IDD Care Awards 2025 Autism and IDD Care Market Report Certifications Help About Us Company Autism and IDD Care Platform Leadership Scientific Advisory Board CR Cares™ Partners News Contact Us Careers Security at CentralReach Our AI Philosophy Search Login Schedule a Consultation AI-Powered EMR platform for Autism and IDD Care The ABA practice management software trusted by 4,000 ABA & Multi-D practices and over 200,000 professionals Schedule Consultation Learn More What You Missed at CR Unite 2025 CR Unite ® 2025 Swissotel Chicago | October 20th - 22nd Learn More Customer Story Redefining Field Data Collection How Caravel Empowers RBTs with Mobile-First Workflows Read Now Customer Story Elevating RBT Training Preparing for the 2026 BACB RBT Certification Changes Read Now Built for outcomes. Trusted by BCBAs. Powered by AI. The all-in-one autism & IDD care software platform that’s shaping the future of ABA & multi-d services: Meet cari™ Your AI assistant that gets the job done Trained on over a billion data points in partnership with 40+ BCBA’s review, cari is layered across CentralReach’s platform to help teams provide better care and maximize efficiency. Learn More Build schedules you love ScheduleAI ® streamlines staff and client scheduling with intelligent automation that minimizes conflicts and adapts to changing needs. Learn More Speed up session notes NoteDraftAI™ generates real-time first drafts from session details so providers save time without losing accuracy. Learn More Audit 100% of notes NoteGuardAI™ safeguards clinical documentation by reviewing notes for errors, compliance risks, and completeness before submission. Learn More Catch claims errors ClaimCheckAI ® reduces denials by auditing claims for missing or incorrect information prior to submission. Learn More Effectively manage denied claims ClaimAcceleratorAI™ shortens reimbursement cycles by automating checks and intelligently routing clean claims for faster payment. Learn More Simplify operations. Elevate care. Support every role. Practice management software for autism & IDD that seamlessly integrates people, processes, and performance into one connected experience. Billing Capture your full revenue potential. Ensure clean claims, reduce denials, and increase cashflow; all while reducing manual work. Learn More Analytics & Reporting Unlock end-to-end visibility. Track clinical and operational performance, forecast growth, and access 50+ prebuilt dashboards. Learn More Scheduling Give your team an efficiency boost with AI-powered tools that build months of appointments in minutes, reschedule in seconds and lets you visualize "what if" possibilities. Learn More Assessments Target the right goals, faster. Accelerate personalized care planning with digital ABLLS-R® and AFLS® assessments built directly into your workflow. Learn More Caregiver Keep families connected - anytime, anywhere. Equip caregivers with the tools to stay engaged. Learn More Training Nurture your staff. Deliver training that builds clinical skills, reinforces best practices, and offers support through engaging, CEU-eligible courses designed to solve real-world challenges. Learn More AI. Done Responsibly. Ethical AI for autism care. Built on our R.ai.B.A. framework, cari empowers clinicians with secure, transparent, and accurate AI serving as a trusted advisor while keeping humans in control. Learn How Unlock the full potential of your with CentralReach’s all-in-one platform With CentralReach’s all-in-one platform, unlock the full potential of your Connect with us and learn how CentralReach can help you achieve better outcomes Our mission is to provide the leading software and services platform to help children and adults diagnosed with autism and related IDDs - and those who serve them - unlock potential, achieve better outcomes, and live more independent lives. Learn about our platform © 2025 CentralReach, LLC | CentralReach is a registered trademark of CentralReach, LLC Website Privacy Policy Website Terms of Use Terms of Service & Policies Security at CentralReach Website Privacy Policy Website Terms of Use Terms of Service & Policies Security at CentralReach Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information