The architects of a better-connected world - Team Internet Skip to Content Solutions All Solutions Comparison DIS - Brand Services - Registry - Reseller - Retail Search Investors Investor Relations Annual & Quarterly Reports Board of Directors ESG Governance Policy AIM Rule 26 Advisers and Registrars Analyst Reports RNS News Investor Contacts Company About us Careers News & Media Contact Open menu Close menu Solutions All Solutions Comparison DIS - Brand Services - Registry - Reseller - Retail Search Investors Investor Relations Annual & Quarterly Reports Board of Directors ESG Governance Policy AIM Rule 26 Advisers and Registrars Analyst Reports RNS News Investor Contacts Company About us Careers News & Media Contact Creating meaningful and successful connections We help online customers make informed choices. Explore Solutions Visit our page /solutions/ About Us Since 1996, Team Internet (formerly CentralNic) has been transforming the way organisations, brands, publishers and consumers connect and thrive online. We’re always working to stay ahead of new developments in the digital ecosystem, combining innovative thinking with the latest technologies to make the impossible possible. Learn More Visit our page /company/ Accolades We’ve achieved a high level of industry recognition thanks to our safe, reliable and future-proof solutions. Our Solutions By offering a full-service suite of Online Marketing and Online Presence solutions, we enable our customers to cut through the digital noise and connect to the products and services they’re after. Domains, Identity & Software Domain name management solutions Comparison Independent and data-driven online product recommendations Search Delivering relevant and effective ads to online consumers in real time Explore Solutions Visit our page /solutions/ Michael Riedl CEO Our Vision By leveraging our people, businesses and technologies, we aim to drive innovation, deliver value and create growth for all. Together, we will create a future where the online experience is seamless. Join Us Visit our page /careers/ We are Team Internet The architects of a better-connected world. Our Partners We’re trusted by top businesses and organisations across the globe. Invest in Team Internet We’re shaping the future of digital connectivity by enabling customers and partners to run, secure and optimise their online activities. Our reliable solutions promise long-term success for our stakeholders . Explore Investment Case Visit our page /investors/ Solutions All Solutions Buy a domain name Register your domain Protect your brand online Resell domain names Monetise your domain Upgrade ad campaigns Drive traffic to products Investors Investor Relations Advisers and Registrars AIM Rule 26 Analyst Reports Annual & Quarterly Reports Board of Directors Constitutional Documents and Circulars ESG Governance Policy Major Shareholders RNS News Company About us Careers News & Media Contact Legal Modern Slavery Statement Group UK Tax Strategy Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Statement Accessibility FAQs Creating meaningful connections © 2025 Team Internet