ABOUT US
COMMUNITY
EXPLORE
ONGOING
RESOURCES
LATEST
MY PROFILE
Empowering Taxonomy, at the heart of the decision-making process
Get the latest news from the Natural Science world!


Posted on 16 December 2025

The EU launch the Horizon Europe Work Programme for 2026–2027

The European Commission adopted the main Horizon Europe Work Programme for 20...

Show more info

Posted on 4 December 2025

CETAF joins the Crete Declaration to advance One Health across Europe

CETAF has formally joined the Crete Declaration, a new European commitment uniting...

Show more info

Posted on 3 December 2025

EU launches new pollinator monitoring method with CETAF support

The European Commission has officially published the Commission Delegated Regulati...

Show more info
What is CETAF and what is Taxonomy.
Taxonomy and engaged research
at the heart of our community's work
Institutions

80 institutions from across Europe are represented by the 46 CETAF members: Europe’s leading Natural Science Museums, Natural History museums, Botanic gardens and Research Centres. All CETAF members curate, host and manage biological collections and engage in taxonomic research.

Read more

Collections
Taxonomic Expertise
Data & Services

Photo credits: Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences

CETAF at a glance
40%

of the world's described bio- and geodiversity

30

institutions

across 26 countries, from European Natural Science Museums, Natural History Museums, Botanic Gardens and Research Centres, are hosting, curating and managing biological collections and engaging in taxonomic research.

4500

scientists

are managing, studying and opening up these collections,  bringing to our community a vast array of expertise in scientific research.

0

working groups

gather CETAF professionals to share experiences, exchange perspectives and drive progress on the topics that make a difference to our community and its broader impact.

70+

projects

facilitated by CETAF and its member institutions acting as key partners and contributors to a number of European and international platforms, networks or initiatives.

Our members
Address

c/o Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences
Rue Vautier, 29
B-1000 – Brussels
Belgium

Phone

+32 (0)2 627 42 51
+32 (0)2 627 42 50
+32 (0)2 627 42 30

Mail

info [at] cetaf.org

Social
Legal
Privacy Policy
Institution Infos
Sitemap
About Us
Community
Explore
Activities
Resources
News
My Profile
Subscribe
* indicates required
Email address *
First name
Last name
Organisation / Institution
Professional field
Professional / Student
Professional
Student
Other (optional)
Country
Consent
I consent to receive communications from CETAF for informational and promotional purposes.
In order to facilitate the use of our website, we use cookies.

Please confirm if you accept our tracking cookies. When declining the cookies, you can continue visiting the website without sending data to third party services. Read our complete cookie statement here.

Decline   Accept