One of the Most International Universities in Europe | Central European University Skip to main content About CEU is known for excellence in teaching and research—with purpose. About CEU Leadership at CEU Campus Accreditation Facts and Figures Academics CEU delivers a wide range of degree programs at the bachelor's, master's and doctoral levels. Study at CEU Degree Programs Advanced Certificates Schools and Departments Non-Degree Programs Academic Partnerships CEU Science for Society Hub Admissions & Aid Over 50 degree programs available to explore, from network sciences to economics, to environmental sciences and more. Admissions & Aid Tuition and Other Fees Funding Your Studies Research Funds for Enrolled Students Connect and Learn More Research CEU promotes interdisciplinary research on 21st-century issues, incorporating Central European and American traditions. Research Research Centers Research Groups Research Projects Research and Teaching Opportunities Student Life CEU is a vibrant community of students, faculty, staff and alumni from over 100 countries. Student Life Student Union Student Records Office Career Services Office Student Engagement Office Search News Events Alumni Intranet Give Search Earn Your Degree at CEU One of the Most International Universities in Europe Learn More About CEU Find Your Program Apply Request info Central European University (CEU) is a research-focused university offering a wide spectrum of interdisciplinary undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in the heart of Europe. Our ever-growing international community of students, alumni, permanent and visiting faculty and program partners enables you to challenge conventional wisdom, explore diverse perspectives and critically examine the biggest challenges of the 21st century. Why study at CEU? Become an Interdisciplinary Expert At Central European University, we provide unique Bachelor’s, Master’s and Doctoral programs that blend essential theoretical and practical knowledge from the fields of humanities, social sciences, law, sociology and data science. With a worldwide academic reputation, commitment to cutting-edge research and a strong emphasis on developing practical skills, CEU is an entryway to an exciting professional and academic career anywhere in the world. About Us Why Study at CEU? Begin Your Research Career CEU is a research-intensive university. Our faculty members typically devote at least half of their time to research, including participation in European and international projects at the forefront of research and discovery. More than one-third of CEU students pursue doctoral degrees and collaborate with our faculty on impactful research, gaining invaluable experience and shaping the future of their fields. Research at CEU Find Your Degree Program CEU delivers Bachelor’s, Master’s and Doctoral programs modeled after the finest examples offered by American and European universities. Undergraduate Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Advanced Certificate Programs Non-Degree Programs Discover CEU Be a Student at CEU CEU Bachelor’s Degrees Discover your possibilities with an undergraduate degree from CEU. Learn More Accredited in the US and Austria CEU is a European university offering programs accredited in the United States. Increase your professional and academic opportunities with a truly international degree. Read More Living and Studying in Vienna Explore the city's rich history, embrace its vibrant cultural offerings and relax in its many parks and student-friendly cafes. Vienna has been repeatedly voted as the world’s most livable city, so you will be sure to enjoy your stay here. Read More Kickstart Your Career with CEU We offer dedicated student career services that support you in pursuing a successful career in government, science, civil society, the environmental sector, academic life and politics anywhere in the world. Read More Explore CEU Vienna Campus Everything you need to know about CEU’s campus in Vienna. Read More Join the Alumni Network CEU experience lasts a lifetime. Explore the great alumni benefits and services as well as ways to reconnect with your fellow alumni around the world. Read More How to Apply to CEU Your CEU Application Checklist Found a program that is right for you? Follow these steps to submit your application. 1. Check the Eligibility Criteria CEU has a set of general admission requirements for all programs. Make sure you check if you fulfill the minimum requirements. Can I apply? 2. Check Program Requirements Each program has additional program-specific requirements, such as GRE or GMAT test scores, statement of purpose or additional references. Visit the individual program pages for details. Find program and requirements 3. Check Application Deadlines Before applying to a CEU program, please check carefully which deadline applies to you based on the program, your citizenship and your funding needs. Review the process and notification timeline relating to each application deadline. View the admissions calendar 4. Understand Study Costs Studying at CEU comes with both educational and living costs . We would like to assist and prepare you by providing an overview of all the information you need to plan your finances before and during your studies at CEU. Learn more 5. Collect Required Documents Prepare all the necessary documents, noting the requirements for certified translations if your documents were not issued in English originally. View required documents 6. Apply to CEU Visit the official CEU online application site, submit your documents and pay an application fee. Once your application and the fee are received, you will be granted access to the Applicant Portal, where you can see the progress of your application. Start your application What’s New at CEU December 16, 2025 CEU Annual Report 2024-2025 View All News December 19, 2025 Central European University and University of Luxembourg Launch New Dual Master’s Degree in Politics and European Governance December 15, 2025 CEU Symposium Honors Janos Kertesz with International Scholars of Network Science View All News Event Highlights at CEU View All Events January 12 Can Only Meat Machines Be Conscious? January 14 Policy Talks: Věra Jourová January 21 Austrian Identity and Modernity: Culture and Politics in the 20th Century Image Spark your Career with CEU Are you a pioneer, a dreamer, a problem-solver? Choose CEU and become a leader of positive change. Find Your Program Contact Us CEU Location CEU Campus in Vienna, Austria The main campus of Central European University is located in Favoriten, the most culturally diverse district of Vienna. You can easily access the campus via public transport. Address Central European University Quellenstraße 51 1100 Vienna, Austria View address on Google Maps Opening Hours & Facilities CEU Site in Budapest, Hungary CEU continues to be present in Budapest, serving as a non-degree research site and event rental space . You can visit us at Nador Street 15, which is home to the CEU Auditorium, CEU Budapest Library, research centers, lecture rooms, Civic Engagement and central administration offices. Address Közép-európai Egyetem Nádor u. 15 1051 Budapest, Hungary View address on Google Maps Opening Hours & Facilities Directories & Media Inquiries People Directory CEU Media Relations Careers at CEU Contact Academic Resources CEU Library CEU Press Blinken OSA Archivum Podcast Library Research Portal Quick Links Academic Calendar Moodle/E-Learning Institutional Catalog CEU Policies Legal & Compliance Accessibility at CEU Cookie Statement Data Privacy Notice Equal Opportunity Whistleblowing Platform Imprint/Impressum © Central European University