科赋锐公司 ｜ 科赋锐（北京）信息科技有限公司 The Cloudflare China Network Give your users in China a fast, secure online experience. Traffic bottlenecks, poor interconnection between local ISPs, and an active threat landscape can create web performance,  reliability and security challenges for websites operating in China. Cloudflare and our strategic partners in China have created a global network that offers a fast experience for visitors inside and outside of China — with DDoS mitigation, web application firewall (WAF), and other security services built in. How the Cloudflare China Network works China’s Internet architecture differs from the rest of the world. Three major ISPs control the network, but due to limited peering, traffic congestion is frequent. Congestion also occurs when traffic leaves and enters China — resulting in high latency and packet loss. To optimize delivery of content throughout China, it’s important to have geographically dispersed data centers or points of presence (PoPs) across China, and connectivity to the major ISPs in each region. This is what the Cloudflare China Network provides. We’ve partnered with JD Cloud to launch a network that will grow to 150 data centers by the end of 2023. Performance and security services on the Cloudflare China Network: Content Delivery Network (CDN) Serve static content from data centers that are dispersed across many cities in mainland China and connected to the major ISPs in every region. In-country DNS resolution Further reduce website load times with the option to resolve DNS requests within China. DDoS mitigation Stop the largest attacks with unmetered, always-on protection that operates at the network edge, reducing time-to-mitigate and eliminating web performance penalties. Web Application Firewall (WAF) Build and deploy custom rules in minutes, and draw on threat intelligence automatically curated from protecting approximately 25 million websites. Encryption Protect data in transit by uploading your own custom SSL certificate, use a universal certificate, or let Cloudflare manage dedicated certificates specific to your business. Serverless computing Build and deploy serverless code instantly across the entire Cloudflare network (including China) to give your applications exceptional performance, reliability, and scale. Get started with the Cloudflare China Network: Coming soon Branch: master 科赋锐（北京）信息科技有限公司 | 京ICP备2020045912号