CFO.com | News for CFOs Skip to main content Don't miss tomorrow's CFO.com industry news Let CFO.com's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Corporate Finance Human Capital People Regulation & Compliance Risk Strategy Tax Technology Series demaerre 10 buzzwords defining trends finance teams faced in 2025 From workslop and microshifting to conscious unbossing, the language of work this year reflected complicated operational and talent risks for CFOs. Read more ➔ Top stories Companies continue to ratchet up business travel activity How Bevi’s CFO turned the tap on $100M of annual revenue Opinion The forces shaping M&A in 2026 How data and discipline defined the mid-market CFO in 2025 So far, few CFOs see substantial ROI from AI spending The Latest Getty Images CFOs On the Move: Week ending Dec. 19 S&P Global names a Booz Allen exec as CFO of its planned mobility spinoff, Marathon Petroleum hires a new finance chief and Cardlytics will bring back its former CFO. People Getty Images 8 CFO strategies to promote healthy work-life balance December can be a stressful time, but also an opportunity to reflect on work-life balance — both our own and our team's. Human Capital Permission granted by Tony Ciotti The 6 a.m. CFO: How Riveron’s Tony Ciotti starts his day Ciotti discusses the importance of pivoting when plans change unexpectedly, how he leaves time in his day for critical thinking and the personal mementos that fill his workspace. People Getty Images Employers peg pay hike budgets at 3.5% for 2026 With labor market pressure easing “considerably,” companies are taking a more conservative approach to compensation. Strategy Getty Images CFOs targeting both business growth and cost reductions in 2026 A new survey by Gartner shows the “very explicit tension” finance chiefs expect to face in the year ahead. Outlook Sara D. Davis via Getty Images CFOs expect pricing pressures to continue in 2026: Duke-Fed survey In their most recent quarterly survey, Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business and the Federal Reserve Banks of Richmond and Atlanta find CFOs expect pricing pressure to persist due to tariffs. Corporate Finance Getty Images Opinion Bridging the GAAP: Why every CFO needs an EBITDA bridge schedule In a landscape where stakeholders demand clarity and credibility, mapping out a clear EBITDA to cash flow bridge has become a strategic imperative. Strategy Getty Images How CPA licensure became a CFO issue in 2025 What started as a professional standards debate became a CFO concern tied to audit quality and hiring. Corporate Finance Viorika via Getty Images Mid-market investment in AI averaged $600K this year A survey by Baker Tilly reveals concerns and spending priorities for leaders of midsize businesses heading into 2026. Outlook Getty Images What M&A’s $4.8 trillion comeback means for CFOs Rising valuations, larger deals and AI’s role in due diligence are expected to impact how many finance teams prepare for 2026. Corporate Finance Getty Images Cisco CFO highlights rival’s integration as M&A lesson: Trial Balance At a recent conference, Mark Patterson criticized Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s Juniper integration as a source of customer uncertainty. Corporate Finance Getty Images CFOs On the Move: Week ending Dec. 12 ExxonMobil’s CFO to retire due to health reasons, Workiva appoints a former Workday exec as finance chief, and Dropbox’s chief financial officer to step down. People Getty Images Boards value tech-driven R&D and M&A far above other priorities Directors are paying less attention these days to direct support for key stakeholder groups. Strategy Permission granted by Jason Godley Q&A How Xactly’s CFO applies psychology in the C-suite Jason Godley combines deep finance experience with applied positive psychology principles to become a stronger leader and business partner. People Getty Images Earnings update: Zoom, Virgin Galactic, Nvidia, Warner Bros Discovery and more CFOs, including Gunnar Wiedenfels of Warner Bros. Discovery and Colette Kress of Nvidia, addressed disciplined spending, sharper personalization and AI strategy on last month's earnings calls. Strategy Matias Delacroix via Getty Images 54% of Gen Z finance employees say they ‘love’ Excel A love-hate relationship that now spans generations is still the driving force that keeps the tool a focal point across corporate finance. Corporate Finance Getty Images CFOs expect inflation to linger through 2027 Though more than half of finance chiefs surveyed by CNBC don’t anticipate a recession in the new year, a similar share think inflation will remain above the Fed’s target rate for a while. Outlook Donte Tatum Finance leaders project modest revenue and profit gains in 2026 Despite a decline in optimism about the U.S. economy at large, finance execs are feeling pretty good about their own companies’ prospects. Outlook Drazen Zigic via Getty Images Instacart CFO vies for more partnerships and enterprise customers In the perpetually competitive world of online grocery, Emily Reuter said enterprise-level offerings remain a “key component” of the company’s broader strategy. Corporate Finance Permission granted by John Glasgow John Glasgow on what’s fueling the heat behind Campfire The dual CEO and CFO explains how buyers drove the platform’s funding strategy, why some CFOs still question newer ERPs and how he manages the demands of rapid growth with a young family at home. People Getty Images Opinion What investors and boards want from CFOs and how to deliver it The more capital you raise, the more you have to work to create value with it. Here’s how CFOs can lead the way. Strategy Getty Images Cebro Frozen Foods former CFO arrested, accused of stealing millions: Trial Balance Robert Fantazia, his wife and their two sons, one of whom is believed to be incarcerated, are all named in the lawsuit. Corporate Finance Getty Images Berkshire Hathaway’s longtime CFO to retire in 2027 Marc Hamburg has been finance chief at the giant holding company throughout many prominent acquisitions, including its purchase of Geico and BNSF Railway. Human Capital Getty Images Large M&A deals expected in 2026 despite continuing geopolitical strife Tariff jitters remain, but pent-up demand, rising stocks and stable interest rates are driving prospective buyers to pull the trigger on deals. Strategy Getty Images AI fraud-detection tools require human oversight: report Finance leaders worry about the potential to misuse AI internally, given the prevalence of external fraud attacks. Risk More stories Subscribe to The Balance Get the free daily newsletter with financial industry insights and practical advice for CFOs. Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular 8 CFO strategies to promote healthy work-life balance 10 buzzwords defining trends finance teams faced in 2025 How Bevi’s CFO turned the tap on $100M of annual revenue CFOs targeting both business growth and cost reductions in 2026 Library resources Survey Report How CFOs Can Save Time and Money on T&E Custom content for TravelBank Webinar - on demand From Mandate to Mastery: Operationalizing E-Invoicing at Scale Custom content for Avalara Webinar - on demand From Strategy to Delivery: How Procurement-Led CAPEX Transformation Drives Results Custom content for Inverto View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release Events View all | Promote an event Industry Intel The Silent Killers of Cash Flow: Five Habits Holding You Back Webinar - on demand • Provided by BILL Subscribe to The Balance Get the free daily newsletter with financial industry insights and practical advice for CFOs. Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases CFO Magazine Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Promote an event Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Corporate Finance Human Capital People Regulation & Compliance Risk Strategy Tax Technology Series Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get CFO.com in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.