CGIAR: Science for Humanity's Greatest Challenges | CGIAR System CGIAR System Search Search Menu Menu Close Close Navigation CGIAR System CGIAR System Back Back CGIAR System CGIAR System CGIAR is the world’s largest global agricultural innovation network. We provide evidence to policy makers, innovation to partners, and new tools to harness the economic, environmental and nutritional power of agriculture. CGIAR System CGIAR System CGIAR System Back Back CGIAR System CGIAR System Overview Vision and Mission Governance Integrated Partnership Board Global Leadership Team System Organization CGIAR System Council CGIAR System Council Back Back CGIAR System Council CGIAR System Council Overview Composition Meetings and documents Decision register Standing Committees Our Centers across the world Our Centers across the world Back Back Our Centers across the world Our Centers across the world Overview AfricaRice CIFOR-ICRAF CIP The Alliance of Bioversity International and CIAT CIMMYT ICARDA ICRISAT IFPRI IITA ILRI IRRI IWMI WorldFish General Assembly of Centers How we work How we work Back Back How we work How we work Overview Careers Culture & Engagement Accountability Governance and management Our policies Strategy Assurance & Oversights functions Assurance & Oversights functions Back Back Assurance & Oversights functions Assurance & Oversights functions Overview Audit Ethics Finance Reports IAES ISDC SPIA News & Events News & Events Back Back News & Events News & Events A collection of CGIAR featured news and upcoming events News & Events News Events Our research and impact Our research and impact Back Back Our research and impact Our research and impact The 2025-30 Research Portfolio accelerates and strengthens the implementation of CGIAR’s 2030 Strategy. It aims to raise the ambition for our science and innovation by bringing together and leveraging collective capabilities of all CGIAR Research Centers. Our research and impact Better Diets and Nutrition Better Diets and Nutrition Back Back Better Diets and Nutrition Better Diets and Nutrition Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Breeding for Tomorrow Breeding for Tomorrow Back Back Breeding for Tomorrow Breeding for Tomorrow Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Capacity Sharing Capacity Sharing Back Back Capacity Sharing Capacity Sharing Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Climate Action Climate Action Back Back Climate Action Climate Action Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Digital Transformation Digital Transformation Back Back Digital Transformation Digital Transformation Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Food Frontiers and Security Food Frontiers and Security Back Back Food Frontiers and Security Food Frontiers and Security Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Gender Equality and Inclusion Gender Equality and Inclusion Back Back Gender Equality and Inclusion Gender Equality and Inclusion Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Genebanks Genebanks Back Back Genebanks Genebanks Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Multifunctional Landscapes Multifunctional Landscapes Back Back Multifunctional Landscapes Multifunctional Landscapes Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Policy Innovations Policy Innovations Back Back Policy Innovations Policy Innovations Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Scaling for Impact Scaling for Impact Back Back Scaling for Impact Scaling for Impact Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Sustainable Animal and Aquatic Foods Sustainable Animal and Aquatic Foods Back Back Sustainable Animal and Aquatic Foods Sustainable Animal and Aquatic Foods Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Sustainable Farming Sustainable Farming Back Back Sustainable Farming Sustainable Farming Overview Our goal Where we work Challenges Areas of work Social inclusion Our approach Our expertise Events News Publications Our Global Presence Impact Areas Impact Areas Back Back Impact Areas Impact Areas Overview Climate adaptation & mitigation Environmental health & biodiversity Gender equality, youth & social inclusion Nutrition, health & food security Poverty reduction, livelihoods & jobs Where we work Where we work Back Back Where we work CGIAR Regions CGIAR works with partners in six major regions to jointly address challenges to food, land, and water systems. Challenges and risks to agriculture and fisheries, including those associated with a changing climate, vary across regions, and require solutions that are specific to them. Where we work Central and West Asia and North Africa East and Southern Africa Latin America and the Caribbean South Asia Southeast Asia and the Pacific West and Central Africa Partner with us Partner with us Back Back Partner with us Partners Partnerships and advocacy for sustainable development Partner with us Funders Contact us Dashboards Dashboards Back Back Dashboards Dashboards CGIAR is the world’s largest public global agricultural innovation network, producing science for development in an accountable and transparent way. Dashboards Results Dashboard Programs and Accelerators CGIAR Financial Report Dashboards Financing Plan Dashboard CGIAR Trust Fund Dashboards Active Grants Dashboards CGIAR Workforce Dashboard System Council Decision Register System Board Decision Register CGIAR System CGIAR System Close Close This website is part of the CGIAR System CGIAR works with partners in six major regions to jointly address challenges to food, land, and water systems. More information about CGIAR Quicklinks Africa Rice Center CIMMYT International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA) International Livestock Research Institute (ILRI) International Potato Center (CIP) International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) International Water Management Institute (IWMI) The Alliance of Bioversity International and the International Center for Tropical Agriculture (CIAT) The Center for International Forestry Research and World Agroforestry (CIFOR-ICRAF) WorldFish Close Close Search Clear Search Input Submit Search Quicklinks Climate Action Dashboards Our Research and Impact CGIAR Our impact on global agrifood systems Evidence showing long-term CGIAR investments delivered real impacts, and recent investments produced meaningful outcomes. Read more CGIAR Food systems for better diets and nutrition Learn about our program to promote diverse, nutritious, and safe diets that help reduce the risk of malnutrition and diet-related illness and death. Read more CGIAR Why cutting climate aid now will cost more later As climate disasters grow and aid declines, resilience in hard-hit countries suffers. Investing in adaptation is vital for communities to thrive. Read more CGIAR Making food systems more sustainable See how CGIAR’s Breeding for Tomorrow uses modern breeding, market data, and partnerships to improve seed systems, boost yields, and reduce hunger. Read more Previous Next Latest news Show all news Show all news News December 22, 2025 100 Most Influential Africans 2025 CGIAR Executive Managing Director, Ismahane Elouafi, named as one of the continent's top change makers. internal News December 22, 2025 Ganges Delta Salinity: Bangladesh Scaling Pathway & Roadmaps Increasing river salinity is a rising threat in Bangladesh’s coastal Ganges-Brahmaputra-Meghna Delta, affecting agriculture, livelihoods, and... internal News December 19, 2025 GGA: 59 Indicators, Many Questions COP30’s compromise on adaptation indicators positions CGIAR as a vital partner, leveraging its research to transform cautious political agreements... internal Our work Our research portfolio addresses major global challenges such as climate change, gender and social inequalities, poor-quality diets, rural poverty, environmental degradation, and issues stemming from fragility, conflict, and violence. Learn more about our work Better Diets and Nutrition We co-design and test food system solutions to improve diets and nutrition in low- and middle-income countries. internal Breeding for Tomorrow We develop climate-resilient, nutritious crops and livestock to make food systems more productive, inclusive, and sustainable. internal Capacity Sharing We foster equal, healthy partnerships to share capacity and advance food, land, and water systems with focus on gender, youth, and inclusion. internal Climate Action We drive science, innovation, and collaboration to transform food, land, and water systems for a resilient, net-zero, and equitable future. internal Digital Transformation We co-create inclusive solutions using AI, data, and tech to boost decisions, policies, and investments for food-land-water transformation. internal Food Frontiers and Security We focus on three key food systems: fragile/conflict-affected, urban/peri-urban, and island food systems. internal Gender Equality and Inclusion We lead research to advance gender equality, youth opportunities, and inclusion across CGIAR’s Food, Land & Water Systems. internal Genebanks CGIAR genebanks conserve and make available 700k+ crop accessions to support resilient, sustainable and productive farming worldwide. internal Multifunctional Landscapes We envision healthy, diverse landscapes that support sustainable food systems, resilient livelihoods, and diets within planetary limits. internal Policy Innovations We deliver evidence-based recommendations to strengthen policies, markets and institutions, thereby improving millions of lives. internal Scaling for Impact We tackle poverty, hunger, and climate risks through science, partnerships, and integrated solutions for greater impact. internal Sustainable Animal and Aquatic Foods We combine livestock and aquatic systems to boost nutrition, cut emissions, and support inclusive, locally tailored solutions. internal Sustainable Farming We boost nutritious food production and protect the environment while tackling climate change, land degradation, pests, and job inequality. internal Our global presence CGIAR works across more than 70 countries. This global footprint allows us to develop the partnerships that make our research possible. See where we work Dashboards and finance reports CGIAR is the world’s largest public global agricultural innovation network, producing science for development in an accountable and transparent way. Explore our dashboards Explore our finance reports Impact in numbers CGIAR is the world’s largest, publicly funded agrifood research network. Our ambition is a food and nutrition-secure future that leaves no one behind. More about our impact More about our impact 20 Million farmers reached Innovations from CGIAR's 2022 – 2024 portfolio are used by smallholder farmers around the world. 315 Policy changes Between 2022 – 2024, CGIAR research shaped government and organizational policies. 300 Million eating biofortified crops CGIAR's work has a measurable impact on human nutrition, health and development. US$1.34 Trillion generated CGIAR crop technologies have produced cumulative economic benefits since the 1960s. 10:1 Return on investment Studies have shown that CGIAR is among the best investments donors can make in our common future. 3,000+ Plant species conserved CGIAR genebanks are custodians of the world’s most diverse publicly available crop collections. Annual Report 2024 Highlights the significant strides made by CGIAR in our ongoing mission to transform food, land, and water systems in a climate crisis. Read more Download the Report Our partners CGIAR works with more than 3,000 partners around the world to advance the transformation of food, land, and water systems in a climate crisis. More about our partners Sign up for news and updates Stay ahead with the latest insights, stories, and innovations. Subscribe now go to top CGIAR: Science for Food-Secure Future Home Legal Ethics Ethics Contact Us Quicklinks CGIAR System News and Events Our Research and Impact Where We Work Quicklinks Partners Publications Our Global Presence Dashboards Social Links Headline Instagram X Linkedin YT YT Facebook CGIAR is a global research partnership for a food-secure future dedicated to transforming food, land, and water systems in a climate crisis. Read more