APPEAL
Please partner with Chabad.org
to help us continue to serve.
Join Today!
Thank you:
Anonymous - $10Mr. Robert Bluhm - $54Mr. David Legge - $40Anonymous - $200 - In honor of Jim SlapeMs. Joelle Keene - $54Mr. Donald Krebs - $54Sr Miguel Martinez - $35 - In honor of Beneranda Muñoz MuñozAnonymous - $25 - In honor of Chaim Yosef and shlomo YeshayahuAnonymous - $25 - In honor of Familia Hirs-GarzonMrs. Deborah Dana - $36 - In memory of my dear mother, June SteinbergAnonymous - $54 - In honor of En honor de Julio Morales MendozaMr. Joseph Denny - $54M. Alejandro Gomez - 360 EURMr. Keith Beilinson - $180Anonymous - $180Ms. Niogret Ophir - 108 EURAnonymous - $18 - In honor of Zoe VakninAnonymous - $9Mr. Mark Gershburg - $540Anonymous - $180 - In honor of Hillel Ben Rochel / AharonAnonymous - $540Dr. Marc Gutin - $54Anonymous - 180 EURAnonymous - 100 GBPDr. Raphael Martin Weinstein - $18
ב"ה
 Login
Subscribe
Ask the Rabbi
Find a Center
Tools
Donate
English
MORE SITES
Today isTue. Dec. 30, 2025 | Tevet 10, 5786
Jewish Practice
	
Learning & Values
	
Community & Family
	
Inspiration & Entertainment
Dedicated by Moris and Lillian Tabacinic · In loving memory of Menachem Mendel and Shaindel Tabacinic
JEWISH HOLIDAYS
Today Is the 10 Tevet Fast Day
What does this day commemorate? Well, three things, actually.
Essentials
Take the Holy Temple Quiz
What do you know about this holiest spot on earth?
By Menachem Posner
Essentials
When Is War Over?
The ninth installment of End the Cycle.
By Elisha Pearl
Audio & Video Classes
Vayechi: An Unfinished Story
In this episode of Torah in Seven, the final one in the Book of Genesis, we explore what it means to live inside an unfinished story—and what the Torah asks of us when escape is not an option and endu...
By Baila Olidort
Daily Dose
One Thing That Changes Everything

A disciple poured out his heart to Rabbi Schneur Zalman of Liadi, bemoaning the great financial loss he had suffered.

"You speak much about what you need," the rabbi told him. "But where are you needed and what are you needed for? That you have not said. Learn, grow, do. Do what G-d needs of you and He will do what you n...

Read More » 21 Comments
TheRebbe.org
How Do You Beat an Evil Spirit?
The Rebbe retells a Midrashic tale related to the 5 Tevet victory
Living Torah
The Chabad.org Blog
We’re Pleased to Present: Mishnah for Kids!
By Chabad.org Staff
TheRebbe.org
How to Neutralize Self Criticism
The Rebbe's Private Counsel Installment 23
By Levi Shmotkin
Chabad.org Video
Randi's Story: Love, Loss and a Mother’s Mission
In this deeply honest conversation, we sit down with Randi, a woman who survived a devastating car crash only to face the unimaginable loss of her newborn son, Spencer, a couple of years later. She sh...
Jewish News
NSW Government Launches ‘One Mitzvah for Bondi’ in Unprecedented Response to Terror Attack
In a first, Australian state government encourages acts of kindness to honor victims
By Moshe New
Jewish Quizzes
The Jewish Books Quiz
How well do you know the Jewish library? Take this quiz and find out!
By Menachem Posner
The teachings of Chabad Chassidism open the gates to the chambers of wisdom and understanding, enabling one to know and to recognize--with intellectual comprehension--"He who spoke and the world came into being." This awakens the feelings of the heart so that it is aroused with the emotion engendered by that particular intellectual comprehension. And Chassidism shows the way that each individual -- commensurate with his innate abilities -- can "approach the Sacred," to serve G-d with his mind and heart.
– Rabbi Yosef Yitzchak of Lubavitch
View Magazine
Candle Lighting Times
Friday, January 2, 2026
Set Your Location
See Shabbat candle lighting times for your city
Weekly Torah Portion
Vayechi
Explore Parshah
Upcoming Holiday
Fast of Tevet 10
Dec. 30
Visit Fast of Tevet 10 Site
Fast of 10 Tevet Ends:
Click here to set your location
Today in Judaism
Tuesday, December 30 / 10 Tevet
Today In Jewish History
Siege of Jerusalem (425 BCE)
On the 10th of Tevet of the year 3336 from Creation (425 BCE), the armies of the Babylonian emperor Ne... Read More »
Today's Laws & Customs
Fast Day
Tevet 10 is observed as a day of fasting, mourning and repentance, in remembrance of the siege of Jeru... Read More »
Jewish Calendar
Halachic Times (Zmanim)
Daily Torah Study
Find a Center
Find
Chabad Locator »
Rabbi Menachem
M. Schneerson, of righteous memory
Visit TheRebbe.org »
About Chabad-Lubavitch
Subscribe
Subscribe
Subscribe to Chabad.org Magazine
More subscription options »
Connect with us

This is such a thoughtful beautiful article. Thank you for shining light on such darkness. There is purpose to this heart wrenching pain.

Sara Ella 's comment on:
Making the Distinction Between Light and Darkness
TRENDING DISCUSSIONS
Jewish Quizzes
The Jewish Books Quiz
54 comments
Jewish News
How the Bondi Massacre Brought Hanukkah to a US Naval Base
23 comments
Mitzvahs & Traditions
Psalms and Jewish Prayer for Healing
3423 comments
The Daily Dose of Wisdom
Joseph and His Brothers
12 comments
Mitzvahs & Traditions
Non-Jews and Shabbat
7 comments
Audio & Video Classes
Vayigash: Take Me Instead!
9 comments
Recently Added
Chabad.org Video
The Need for an Oath
Added Yesterday 5:59PM
Chabad.org Video
Rambam: Malveh v’Loveh, Chapters 19-21
Added Yesterday 3:48PM
Questions & Answers
Who Is the "Angel of Death"?
Added Yesterday 3:06PM
Chabad.org Video
The Siege and Its Antidote
Added Yesterday 2:24PM
DEPARTMENTS
Jewish Practice
Learning & Values
Inspiration & Entertainment
Community & Family
Weekly Magazine
 
SPECIALTY SITES
Chabad.org Video
The Jewish Woman
Jewish News
Moshiach 101
Jewish Kids Zone
Kabbalah Online
Israel - The Holy Land
TheRebbe.org
 
TOOLS & RESOURCES
Ask the Rabbi
Jewish Calendar
Daily Torah Study
Subscribe
Search
Glossary
RSS
 
QUICK LINKS
Jewish Holidays
Jewish Wedding
Shabbat
Kosher
Parshah
Jewish Prayer
Jewish Audio
 
CHABAD LUBAVITCH
About Chabad-Lubavitch
The Rebbe
The Ohel
Chabad-Lubavitch News
Chabad Locator
Subscribe to get our weekly magazine! 
SUBSCRIBE
Jewish Holidays TheRebbe.org Jewish.tv ChabadU Audio Classes News Cooking Torah Texts The Jewish Woman Jewish Kids


   
Chabad.org is a division of the Chabad-Lubavitch Media Center · Under the auspices of the Lubavitch World Headquarters
In everlasting memory of our founder, Rabbi Yosef Y. Kazen, pioneer of Torah, Judaism and Jewish information on the web
© 1993-2025 Chabad-Lubavitch Media Center
DonateAbout Us Terms & Privacy Contact Us