The Blockchain Data Platform - Chainalysis This site requires JavaScript to function correctly. Blockchain intelligence for investigations, risk, and security From reactive to proactive, monitor fraud, pursue illicit activity, and detect and deter threat actors. Request a demo Request a demo Trusted by over 1,500 customers 9/10 Nine of the top ten crypto exchanges use Chainalysis $34 billion illicit funds frozen or recovered by law enforcement agencies worldwide trusting Chainalysis data, software, and services 45+ regulators worldwide use Chainalysis to inform regulation, protect consumers, and detect national security threats Achieve your mission with  blockchain intelligence Uncover the real-world services behind blockchain transactions. About blockchain intelligence Trace illicit activity and analyze networks Understand the entire flow of funds from source to destination. Discover leads, analyze activities, and pursue threats across chains, web3 infrastructure, and more. Visualize illicit networks and gather actionable intelligence to combat crypto crime. Explore Reactor Monitor activity and manage risky exposure to your platform Ensure compliance and prevent illicit activity with continuous and real-time screening of crypto transactions. Tailor your risk settings, assess deposits and withdrawals, and audit suspicious user activity. Explore KYT Assess risk profiles of on-chain entities Leverage on-chain intelligence to screen wallet addresses, virtual asset service providers (VASPs), or entire token ecosystems to identify and respond to potential risks and ensure compliance with regulations. VASP Risking Address Screening Harden your web3 security Leverage enterprise-grade security to prevent cyber exploits, scams, financial risks and more for protocols, chains, asset managers, and exchanges. Web3 security with Hexagate Identify scammers before they meet their victims Prevent evolving threats with AI-powered fraud detection to reduce payments-related fraud, build customer trust, and protect your reputation. Fraud prevention with Alterya Identify leads, generate insights, and make strategic decisions Build bespoke analyses and alerting with the industry’s most trusted blockchain intelligence to generate new leads and take action on data-driven insights to advance your mission. Explore Chainalysis DS The Chainalysis difference Data you can trust Using sophisticated machine learning techniques coupled with proprietary architecture, we are built to handle hundreds of clustering heuristics, ingest data at scale, and verify data accuracy with the lowest tolerance for error in the industry. Complete blockchain coverage Chainalysis seamlessly onboards new blockchains and automatically supports all tokens that follow widely adopted standards. This approach guarantees instant compatibility and the most comprehensive blockchain coverage in the industry. Cross-chain tracing Chainalysis simplifies the complex and makes it effortless to trace the flow of funds through bridges, mixers, DEX swaps, and more. Used as evidence in highest profile industry cases Chainalysis data is court admissible and has uniquely helped customers take ground-breaking actions in court. Experts by your side Our global team supports you along your journey bringing 24/7 unmatched experience, localized guidance, an understanding of diverse threat typologies, as well as how to execute on advanced investigative techniques. Continuous innovation Chainalysis pioneered blockchain intelligence, and we continue to build on our tradition of innovation. Chainalysis Labs, our R&D initiative dedicated to advancing cutting edge technology, brings new features and capabilities that are unique to Chainalysis. Why Chainalysis Latest news View the blog Dec 23, 2025 2025 Crypto Regulatory Round-Up: What Changed and What’s Ahead Dec 23, 2025 The Convergence of AI and Cryptocurrency: From Digital Transactions to Agentic Payments Dec 18, 2025 North Korea Drives Record $2 Billion Crypto Theft Year, Pushing All-Time Total to $6.75 Billion Dec 16, 2025 Chainalysis Launches Hexagate Security for Blockchain Foundations and Ecosystem Developers Dec 11, 2025 Chainalysis Solutions Now Available on Amazon Web Services (AWS) Marketplace Industries count on us for blockchain analysis Law Enforcement Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights Regulators Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and maintain financial stability Financial Institutions Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets Centralized Exchanges Optimize crypto exchange operations through data insights Tax Agencies Advance crypto casework with greater speed and efficiency. Decentralized Finance Scale projects securely with low-lift integrations Consumer Brands Start your brand’s seamless transition into web3 Cybersecurity Proactive threat hunting and prevention Get started–chat with one of our experts. Request a demo Request a demo