Chainlink: The Industry-Standard Oracle Platform Platform Overview The Chainlink Stack Orchestration Chainlink Runtime Environment (CRE) new All-in-one orchestration layer Interoperability Cross-Chain Communication (CCIP) Move data and value across any blockchain Asset Management Digital Transfer Agent (DTA) Technical Standard new Unlock streamlined tokenized fund operations Compliance Automated Compliance Engine (ACE) new Enable compliance-focused digital assets Data Data Streams Access high-frequency market data for next-gen DeFi Market and Data Feeds Utilize ultra-secure onchain data for smart contracts DataLink new Publish and commercialize institutional data across blockchains Proof of Reserve Verify tokenized and wrapped asset reserves SmartData Enhance tokenized RWAs with offchain data Compute Functions Connect smart contracts to any API Automation Automate smart contracts via decentralized triggers VRF Ensure fair outcomes in games, NFTs, and more Solutions Use cases Tokenized assets Stablecoins Payments & settlement Banking & capital markets DeFi Blockchain ecosystems Success Stories Swift, Chainlink, DTCC, Euroclear @ Sibos 2025: Establishing a Unified Standard for Asset Servicing J.P. Morgan, State Street, & Chainlink on Global Custodian: The Next Phase of Financial Markets Kinexys by J.P. Morgan on Institutional Adoption of Blockchain Technology Developers Get Started Docs DevHub Faucets Tutorials Get Involved Build program Get certified Become an expert Popular Developer resources Intro to Chainlink and Solidity Chainlink Hackathon Chainlink Data Feeds documentation LINK token contracts How Does Asset Tokenization Work? Resources What's Happening Blog Events Press Community Learn Whitepaper FAQ Education hub Ecosystem Become a data provider Staking Economics Reserve Rewards Popular Real-world assets explained What is a blockchain oracle? What is a cross-chain bridge? What is asset tokenization What is a stablecoin? Talk to an expert Start building Start building SmartCon is LIVE right now. Discover 200+ leading DeFi, NFT, and blockchain projects. Sign up today Win your share of 500k+ in prizes. Sign Up Now Join the biggest names in finance and tech Watch live now Chainlink Labs is hiring. Come join an industry-leading team. See current openings LINK Banks Blockchains Capital Markets Crypto DeFi Everything Prediction Markets Stablecoins Stocks Tokenized Assets Treasuries Wall Street Capital Markets Chainlink is the industry-standard oracle platform bringing the capital markets onchain and powering the majority of decentralized finance. Learn more Chainlink overview ANNOUNCEMENT Coinbase Selects Chainlink to Power Wrapped Asset Transfers KEYNOTE Sergey Nazarov SmartCon Keynote Announcement Chainlink Runtime Environment Now Live HIGHLIGHTS SmartCon 2025 Recap Blog The Chainlink Platform: unlock onchain finance at scale Chainlink is the only all-in-one oracle platform for creating advanced blockchain applications that interoperate across blockchains and existing systems while embedding critical data, compliance, and privacy capabilities. Many of the world’s largest financial services institutions and DeFi protocols have also adopted Chainlink’s standards and infrastructure, including Swift, Euroclear, Mastercard, Fidelity International, UBS, ANZ, Aave, GMX, Lido, and many others. Learn more $ 27,471,550,458,802 transaction value enabled TVE is calculated by taking the sum of the USD value associated with each transaction utilizing a Chainlink Oracle. Updated December 15, 2025 View metrics Powering the next generation of digital assets and financial services Tokenized funds stablecoins Payments & Settlements OnChain Data Delivery Lending & Borrowing Derivatives Cross-Chain DvP Settlement of Tokenized Assets With Kinexys by J.P. Morgan and Ondo Finance Enable tokenized asset workflows with institutional-grade infrastructure Connect and orchestrate tokenized assets across any blockchain network Automate onchain delivery of critical financial data across any environment Enable atomic or hybrid settlement across chains and traditional systems ANZ, ADDX, & Chainlink Unveil Cross-Chain, Cross-Border Private Transactions | MAS Project Guardian Unlock compliant, transparent, and interoperable stablecoins Accelerate adoption with trusted, compliant stablecoins ready for global financial rails Expand stablecoin reach with secure, interoperable infrastructure across global markets Ensure regulated stablecoins uphold transparency, auditability, and monetary integrity at scale Swift, UBS Asset Management, and Chainlink successfully complete innovative pilot to bridge tokenized assets with existing payment systems Seamless settlement across traditional and tokenized markets Enable atomic and hybrid settlement of tokenized assets and fiat payments Facilitate DvP and PvP workflows across public and private blockchains Empower institutions to retain existing operational standards Scaling Fund Tokenization With Chainlink, Fidelity International, UBS, and Sygnum | SmartCon 2024 Enabling secure, scalable data delivery onchain Publish and commercialize data onchain using Chainlink’s secure institutional-grade infrastructure Maintain full control and flexibility with configurable access and permissioned distribution Integrate once, distribute everywhere—no custom blockchain development required The Institutional DeFi Revolution | Aave's Stani Kulechov and Chainlink's Sergey Nazarov Powering secure DeFi lending with trusted data Accurate, tamper-resistant price data for secure loan collateralization Battle-tested data delivery to secure protocol operations and user confidence Smart Value Recapture (SVR) to reclaim MEV and liquidation value for the protocol GMX Votes to Integrate Chainlink's New Low-Latency Oracles as Launch Partner Delivering reliable data for onchain derivatives Reliable, low-latency data feeds for high-throughput, real-time derivatives markets Secure automation of settlements and liquidations through decentralized infrastructure Enable advanced onchain risk management with granular market data Why Chainlink is the global standard Solving the core challenges of onchain finance Chainlink delivers critical infrastructure for data, identity, compliance, connectivity, and orchestration, enabling institutions, DeFi protocols, and onchain applications to build, operate, and scale a wide range of financial products and services. Trusted by leading financial institutions and DeFi protocols Working alongside global institutions like Swift, J.P. Morgan, and Mastercard and leading DeFi protocols like Aave and GMX, Chainlink provides the infrastructure to enable secure, scalable, and interoperable financial applications. Built for security, reliability, and scale Chainlink infrastructure has enabled tens of trillions in transaction value, backed by a proven track record of uptime, accuracy, and resilience across leading blockchain networks. Enabling institutions to embrace onchain finance Watch the stories How Fidelity Is Positioning Itself for Onchain Finance video 21X: Europe’s First Regulated Tokenized Securities Platform video Euroclear’s Jorgen Ouaknine & Stephanie Lheureux on DLT video Circle’s Dante Disparte on Stablecoin Mass Adoption video The Institutional Digital Asset Stack video How DTCC Is Leveraging Blockchain for Capital Market Efficiency Video BX Digital on the Onchain Future Video In the press Read the latest news about Chainlink View all press Coinbase, Chainlink Introduce Base-Solana Bridge to Link Ecosystems The bridge, secured by Chainlink's Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol, allows users to trade and interact with Solana-based tokens on Base-based dapps. December 4, 2025 Chainlink Introduces CRE to Fast-Track Institutional Tokenization CRE enables smart contracts that work across blockchains and tap into legacy financial messaging standards, with access to Chainlink's services. November 4, 2025 Banco Inter, Chainlink Power Real-Time CBDC Trade Settlement Between Brazil and Hong Kong The pilot, part of Brazil's Drex initiative, used Chainlink's infrastructure to connect Brazil's Drex network with Hong Kong's Ensemble platform. November 3, 2025 FTSE Russell taps Chainlink to bring Russell 1000 and other index data onchain FTSE Russell is tapping Chainlink’s DataLink service to bring its indices and market data onchain. November 3, 2025 Ondo Taps Chainlink to Power Data Feeds for 100+ Tokenized Equities The partnership also involves Chainlink's Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP) and collaborations through the Ondo Global Market Alliance. October 30, 2025 S&P Global brings stablecoin risk ratings onchain via Chainlink S&P Global has collaborated with oracle network Chainlink to bring its stablecoin risk ratings onchain for use within decentralized finance. October 14, 2025 Future-proof your move onchain with Chainlink Talk to an expert Overview Download The Oracle Platform Powering Institutional Tokenization Email Address Yes, I agree to receive email communications Thank you for signing up. Please check your inbox to receive your overview. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Please try again Get the latest Chainlink content straight to your inbox. Email Address Yes, I agree to receive email communications Thank you for signing up. Please check your inbox to confirm your subscription. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Please try again platform Overview Runtime Environment (CRE) NEW Cross-Chain (CCIP) Digital Transfer Agent (DTA) NEW Automated Compliance (ACE) NEW Data Streams Market and Data Feeds DataLink NEW Proof of Reserve SmartData Use Cases Tokenized assets Stablecoins Payments & settlement Banking & capital markets DeFi Blockchain ecosystems Get Involved Build program Get certified Become an expert Chainlink Hackathon Bootcamp Code of conduct developers Docs DevHub Faucets Tutorials What's happening Blog Events Press Community ecosystem Become a data provider Staking Economics Chainlink Rewards Chainlink® © 2025 Chainlink Foundation Terms Privacy Brand Security Support Legal X (Formerly Twitter) LinkedIn Youtube Instagram Instagram Discord Telegram Reddit Facebook WeChat