Skip to main content
SUBSCRIBE
LATEST NEWS
TECHNOLOGY
OPERATIONS
SUPPLY CHAIN
STORE SPACES
REAL ESTATE
MORE
Chain Store Age: Retail News
REAL ESTATE
NYT: Sears facing its final days
“The goal is to sell the remaining Seritage assets as quickly and profitably as possible,” said Seritage CEO Adam Metz.
Retailers face penny shortage; urge Congress to take action
The end of the penny is proving problematic for retailers.
NEWS
Visa: Holiday spending rose 4.2%; in-store sales capture 73% of spend
Physical stores continued to dominate spending during the first seven weeks of the holiday shopping period.
NEWS
Placer.ai: Thrift, luxury store visits rose in 2025
Traditional apparel chains were outpaced by two sectors on opposite ends of the cost spectrum when it came to store visits this year.
NEWS
Saks Global reportedly weighing options, with bankruptcy as ‘last resort’
Saks Global’s debt payment is catching up with it.
Enabling Intelligent Stores with Edge AI

Retailers are redefining the shopping experience through Edge AI, transforming both customer engagement and store efficiency. Learn how retailers can simplify deployment, scale intelligence across locations, and build a future-ready foundation for innovation—turning everyday data into meaningful value for customers and business operations alike.

LEARN MORE
Yelp, Angi, Square, Expedia integrate with next-gen Amazon Alexa model
Amazon is linking the latest iteration of its Alexa artificial intelligence voice assistant to digital service and ratings providers and a mobile payment platform.
More brands are seeking out-of-court workouts to avoid rising Chapter 11 costs
A&G president Andy Graiser says pre-packaged bankruptcies can work out better for retailers and landlords.
Survey: Consumers still searching for deals – with help from AI
Consumers are leaning on artificial intelligence tools to help them find the best prices.
Happy Holidays from Chain Store Age!
Happy Holidays from Chain Store Age!
Menswear brand Paul Stuart acquired; new CEO named
Paul Stuart is under new ownership.
Done Deal: Jack in the Box sells Del Taco for $119 million
The nation’s second-largest Mexican quick-serve restaurant officially has new owners.
Shoppers are asking AI what to buy - will It recommend your products?
Recently, I turned to an AI shopping assistant to help me find a backpack for my son.
Mastercard SpendingPulse: Holiday sales up 3.9%, fueled by e-commerce, apparel
U.S. consumers combined in-store visits with online browsing to secure the best promotions and maximize convenience this holiday season.
Amazon doubles AI education investment to $800K
Amazon is expanding its support of a national initiative to expand education.
Dynamic Design & Permitting Strategies to Fast-Track Retail Construction

In this webinar, discover innovative design and permitting strategies to optimize rollouts and get up and running more efficiently – all while remaining safe, secure, and compliant.

REGISTER NOW
Subscribe to our Newsletters

Subscribe to Chain Store Age editorial newsletters and get all the latest industry news and reports in your inbox.

From finance and technology to store expansion and real estate, we've got you covered.

SUBSCRIBE NOW
TECHNOLOGY 
The cities where consumers are most likely to make returns are…
EXCLUSIVE Q&A: Materials matter in your supply chain – here’s why
Instacart settles FTC suit for $60M; ends price tests
TikTok reportedly signs $14B deal to stay open in U.S.
STORE SPACES 
Zales debuts 'next-gen' retail format
Miniso grew its European footprint in 2025 — here's where
Z Gallerie pop-up marks next step in retail revival
First Look: CardVault by Tom Brady debuts in Las Vegas
FINANCE 
Salesforce: Global online holiday sales top $1T by mid-December; U.S. sales up 4%
The top supply chain challenges include…
KPMG: Cybersecurity spending rises as attacks increase
Brand House Q3 sales fall 9.5% ahead of Bed, Bath & Beyond deal
REAL ESTATE 
How cities, developers can best work together on new retail projects
Crossroads Place in Falls Church hits 100% occupancy
Pacsun plots U.S. expansion; to open 20 to 35 new stores over next three years
ICSC: Shoppers to flock to physical stores in final days before Christmas
Retail Insights
12/19/2025
2025: The year Agentic AI broke in retail
Agentic artificial intelligence evolved from leading-edge technology to mainstream solution in retail during 2025, dominating the industry landscape.
Dan Berthiaume
12/12/2025
Three supply chain partnerships from a cozy fall
Autumn is a time of togetherness and warmth, and many retailers are embodying the spirit of the season with collaborative supply chain efforts.
Dan Berthiaume
Expert Viewpoints
12/23/2025
Shoppers are asking AI what to buy - will It recommend your products?
Recently, I turned to an AI shopping assistant to help me find a backpack for my son.
12/15/2025
Five shifts that will redefine retail in 2026
Retail is entering a new chapter.
Stay Informed
Get the Newsletter
SUBSCRIBE
Get the Magazine
SUBSCRIBE
ABOUT US
SUBSCRIBE
ADVERTISE
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF SERVICE
REPRINTS/REUSE
CONTACT
COOKIES SETTINGS
© 2025 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
By clicking “Accept” or continuing to use this site, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept