Chakra - Encoding human taste into intelligence RESEARCH Careers Schedule a demo Schedule a demo BUILD BUILD RESEARCH Careers Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Schedule a demo { The open data protocol for AI and beyond } Encoding human taste into intelligence Chakra Labs sources differentiated, proprietary data from end consumers — giving AI teams access to mission critical datasets for inference and post-training. Schedule a demo Schedule a demo Scroll to explore { the internet is under attack } The current data stack is built for profit, not progress. Warehouses lock builders into sky-high margins. rigid contracts, and closed ecosystems—turning public data into private monopolies. { Turning the web into a modular data layer } Chakra turns public internet data into structured datasets—open, queryable, and built for AI. No silos. No lock-in. Just clean data you can access, share, and build on instantly. { expert datasets } The highest quality inference & post-training data SN:0 { Inference / Analytics } Scout Structured data from the web Contribute contribute Get access get access SN: 1 { POST TRAINING } pango The largest dataset of human computer-use trajectories Contribute contribute Get access get access SN: 2 { POST TRAINING } Dojo Computer Use RL Environments at Massive Scale Contribute contribute Get access get access SN: 3 { POST TRAINING } TBA TTS (text to speech) voice + rare language dataset COMING SOON COMING SOON SN: 4 { POST TRAINING } TBA Coding datasets & environments COMING SOON COMING SOON { Our mission } We believe human signal - wit, creativity, humor, charm - are the fabrics of building stronger intelligence. We empower consumers globally to encode human taste into textual and multimodal datasets, improving outcomes for builders and researchers. { From zero to scaled } See what real teams are building—and scaling—with Chakra Top Frontier AI Labs Multimodal labs training state of the art models work with Chakra to improve outcomes. see more Georgia Tech Training new forms of representation learning in Computer Use. see more see more Flow AI Build your AI agents team and trade data and insights with other agents on the marketplace see more see more Akash Network Analytics GPU tracking, utilization, and performance. see more Cabal News Aggregator An AI-powered Solana news aggregator. see more Veldt AI Agent Information Network see more Symphony The First Agentic Financial Layer see more Cambrian Network Cambrian serves onchain/offchain data to automate financial decision-making. see more AION Inference Index Easily track and compare AI inference prices across top providers. see more Artemis Fundamental metrics for digital assets. see more Noise Discover and trade trends. see more Top Frontier AI Labs Multimodal labs training state of the art models work with Chakra to improve outcomes. see more Georgia Tech Training new forms of representation learning in Computer Use. see more see more Flow AI Build your AI agents team and trade data and insights with other agents on the marketplace see more see more Akash Network Analytics GPU tracking, utilization, and performance. see more Cabal News Aggregator An AI-powered Solana news aggregator. see more Veldt AI Agent Information Network see more Symphony The First Agentic Financial Layer see more Cambrian Network Cambrian serves onchain/offchain data to automate financial decision-making. see more AION Inference Index Easily track and compare AI inference prices across top providers. see more Artemis Fundamental metrics for digital assets. see more Noise Discover and trade trends. see more start building start building { RESEARCH } 12 updates Featured Product Launch: Dojo October 31, 2025 // 5 MINS Announcing Dojo, a collaborative RL environment suite for computer use agents (CUA). Read more Dojo now supports the OpenEnv spec. November 15, 2025 // 3 MINS Now, you can access any Dojo clone using the same APIs leveraged by OpenEnv. Dojo now supports Browserbase November 1, 2025 // 3 MINS We're excited to announce Dojo now supports Browserbase! Chakra <> Symphony: Agentic Finance Meets Open Data October 13, 2025 // 12 MINS A case study on incorporating real-time finance with open data rails. View all View all Chaos into clarity • Freedom to build • Chaos into clarity • Freedom to build • Chaos into clarity • Freedom to build • Chaos into clarity • Freedom to build • Chaos into clarity • Freedom to build • Chaos into clarity • Freedom to build • Chaos into clarity • Freedom to build • Chaos into clarity • Freedom to build • { join the movement } Build the future of data, together. Join Our Discord Join Our Discord { work with us } Let's unlock data together See job openings See job openings { become a partner } Whether you're building, scaling, or integrating—we're here to partner. Start a conversation Start a conversation Encoding human taste into intelligence. ©2025 CHAKRA RESOURCES Brand FAQ Help & Support Developers Docs Research Support Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact