Chalkbeat - National Skip to main content Show Search Essential education reporting across America NEWSLETTERS DONATE Communities Chicago Colorado Detroit Indiana New York Newark Philadelphia Tennessee National News Topics 2024 Election Student Voices Fellowship En Español Diversity & Equity Teaching & Classroom Politics & Policy Student & School Performance Charters & Choice How I Teach First Person Jobs Board Events About Us More Communities Chicago Colorado Detroit Indiana New York Newark Philadelphia Tennessee National News Topics 2024 Election Student Voices Fellowship En Español Diversity & Equity Teaching & Classroom Politics & Policy Student & School Performance Charters & Choice How I Teach First Person Jobs Board Events About Us More Show Search Become a Chalkbeat sponsor FROM Chalkbeat New York Bold ideas for Zohran Mamdani to improve NYC schools: Here’s what New Yorkers said. (Part 2) How should Zohran Mamdani improve the school system? We asked educators, parents, students, and experts for their big ideas. By Alex Zimmerman FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Tennessee House GOP leaders will renew Memphis schools takeover plan By Melissa Brown FROM Chalkbeat Chicago Chicago’s Sustainable Community Schools initiative has a history of unspent money and turnover By Mila Koumpilova FROM chalkbeat National The Future of the Education Department with Lindsey Burke: A Chalkbeat Ideas event By Matt Barnum FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Memphis school board candidates start to fill 2026 election ballot By Bri Hatch FROM Chalkbeat Colorado Here are the 7 Colorado education issues to watch in 2026 By Jason Gonzales and Ann Schimke FROM Chalkbeat Indiana How Indy’s fractured school system led to a plan for unified control of public schools By Amelia Pak-Harvey FROM Chalkbeat Chicago Chicago is expanding its Sustainable Community Schools. They haven’t yet boosted student outcomes. By Mila Koumpilova FROM Chalkbeat New York How can Zohran Mamdani improve NYC schools? Here’s what New Yorkers said. (Part 1) By Alex Zimmerman Everything you need to know about U.S. public schools — delivered to you for free There’s a reason more than 31,000 parents, educators, and decision-makers are signed up for our weekly newsletter. Join them today. Email * Sign Me Up By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy. You may also receive occasional messages from sponsors . FROM Chalkbeat New York Engaging students while looking for space: How smaller class sizes are reshaping NYC classrooms More student engagement but less space. Here’s a look inside how the class size mandate is changing NYC schools. By Jessica Shuran Yu | December 23 FROM Chalkbeat Chicago Chicago schools will get about $200 million more from City Council TIF surplus The extra money comes from special taxing districts for development. By Becky Vevea and Reema Amin | December 23 FROM Chalkbeat Detroit Judge rules against Michigan school districts in funding dispute, but appeal underway Michigan Judge Sima Patel rejected the plaintiffs’ claims that state budget language regarding school safety and mental health funding is overly vague. By Lori Higgins | December 23 FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Tennessee House GOP leaders will renew Memphis schools takeover plan A Tennessee House Republican plan to install a new board overseeing Memphis-Shelby County schools governance will move forward in 2026. By Melissa Brown | December 23 FROM Chalkbeat Colorado Here are the 7 Colorado education issues to watch in 2026 Colorado education issues to watch in 2026 include budgetary constraints, declining enrollment, and the fate of Colorado’s first “public Christian school.” By Jason Gonzales and Ann Schimke | December 22 FROM Chalkbeat New York Bold ideas for Zohran Mamdani to improve NYC schools: Here’s what New Yorkers said. (Part 2) How should Zohran Mamdani improve the school system? We asked educators, parents, students, and experts for their big ideas. By Alex Zimmerman | December 22 FROM Chalkbeat Philadelphia This Philadelphia nonprofit is building long-term, meaningful mentorships for at-risk youth Friends of the Children Philadelphia just wrapped its first year in the city and is looking to expand. By Carly Sitrin | December 22 FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Memphis school board candidates start to fill 2026 election ballot MSCS school board candidates can begin filing to run starting today. Most incumbents will be seeking re-election, especially those facing shortened terms. By Bri Hatch | December 22 FROM chalkbeat National The Future of the Education Department with Lindsey Burke: A Chalkbeat Ideas event Sign up to attend and submit questions for a top Trump administration official By Matt Barnum | December 22 FROM Chalkbeat Colorado Denver to contract with outside company to provide in-house substitutes for high-needs schools The Denver school board approved a two-year, $3.5 million contract with TeachStart to provide year-long substitute teachers for certain schools. By Melanie Asmar | December 20 FROM Chalkbeat Chicago Chicago is expanding its Sustainable Community Schools. They haven’t yet boosted student outcomes. A Chalkbeat analysis suggests that the district’s joint initiative with its teachers union hasn’t yet given its 20 pilot schools an edge over other high-poverty campuses when it comes to academics and school climate. By Mila Koumpilova | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Chicago Chicago’s Sustainable Community Schools initiative has a history of unspent money and turnover A Chalkbeat analysis found that staff turnover, unspent dollars, and community partner tensions have been key challenges for the 7-year-old program. By Mila Koumpilova | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Detroit Detroit school district facing millions in state fines for low daily attendance last year Superintendent Nikolai Vitti says the law punishes districts for system inequities that contribute to chronic absenteeism. By Hannah Dellinger | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Indiana How Indy’s fractured school system led to a plan for unified control of public schools State lawmakers will consider creating a new agency to oversee IPS schools and charters. Here’s a look at the history and powerful advocates behind that push for unified control over city schools. By Amelia Pak-Harvey | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Tennessee county mayors urge Gov. Lee to accept federal aid for low-income students The majority of low-income Tennessee students did not receive help paying for summer meals in 2025 for the first time in years. Now, local officials want the state to bring back federal aid for 2026. By Melissa Brown | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Memphis schools earn higher letter grades on state report card this year The number of MSCS schools earning the lowest grade, an F, stayed stagnant. But two-thirds of the district’s schools received a C or higher, an increase from last year. By Bri Hatch | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Newark Newark schools get funding to curb cellphone use in classrooms as part of state push Newark students will see stricter cellphone rules in schools after the district received more than $176,000 from the state to enforce a “bell-to-bell” policy to limit the use of cellphones. By Jessie Gómez | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat New York How can Zohran Mamdani improve NYC schools? Here’s what New Yorkers said. (Part 1) We asked educators, families, students, and experts for big ideas about how Zohran Mamdani could improve the school system. By Alex Zimmerman | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Philadelphia Thousands of Philly children are grieving someone lost to gun violence. What’s helping them heal? After shootings, children can become ‘the forgotten mourners.’ Helping them process their emotions could also be a violence prevention strategy. By Sammy Caiola | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Colorado The end of SAVE As part of a proposed settlement reached last week, all SAVE borrowers will have limited time to choose a new repayment plan. By Jason Gonzales | December 19 FROM Chalkbeat Indiana Education bill tracker: What did lawmakers file by the 2026 legislative session’s third week? Indiana legislators’ bills so far focus on cellphones, child care, and lessons on national identity By Aleksandra Appleton | December 8 FROM Chalkbeat Colorado Denver’s school enrollment dropped by 1,200 students this year as immigrant students left the city The trend of declining enrollment could lead to more school closures, even as the school board has enacted a four-year moratorium with a major caveat. By Melanie Asmar | December 19 Become a Chalkbeat sponsor Follow Chalkbeat Bluesky Threads X Pinterest Reddit Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn RSS Stories you may have missed FROM Chalkbeat Chicago Poll: two-thirds of respondents unaware of Chicago’s elected school board FROM Chalkbeat Detroit Oral arguments begin in school safety and mental health mandate case FROM Chalkbeat Philadelphia Philadelphia district will consider transferring vacant school buildings to the city FROM Chalkbeat New York Failed ramps, cost overruns, years of delays: School construction projects infuriate NYC parents FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Memphis turned an old elementary school into the district security hub. Here’s an inside look. Become a Chalkbeat sponsor If you value Chalkbeat, consider making a donation Chalkbeat is a nonprofit newsroom dedicated to providing the information families and educators need, but this kind of work isn’t possible without your help. Donate Connect with your community Find upcoming events Events Events January 7 Special Education (Online) Virtual Information Session | Teachers College January 8 Coaching Potentials Early Childhood Coaching Institute Coaching Certificate Program January 13 Selecting GenAI Tools That Build Healthy Classroom Culture January 13 Data, Learning, and Society Virtual Information Session | Teachers College, Columbia University January 14 Chalkbeat Ideas: The Future of the Education Department with Lindsey Burke Become a Chalkbeat sponsor Become a Chalkbeat sponsor Find your next education job. Jobs Jobs High School Instructional Assistant Principal K-5 Co-Director, Community Roots Charter School Founding Project Based Teacher (Grades K-2) Principals (Elementary and Middle School) Middle School Principal FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Memphis could close 15 schools in three years to help address aging buildings, low enrollment The facilities proposal includes a plan to close three to five schools per year. Five schools have already been recommended for closure in 2026. By Bri Hatch | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat Colorado Colorado parents, you’ll soon be able to recover child care waitlist fees if a seat isn’t offered Parents will have to request fee refunds in writing. By Ann Schimke | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee How did your Tennessee school do the 2025 state report card? The number of Tennessee schools receiving a C or higher on the state’s report card increased slightly this fall, with about 20% of eligible schools scoring the highest A grade. By Melissa Brown | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat Newark New data raises questions about the reach of New Jersey’s school choice program New Jersey’s choice program was designed to expand access to public schools, but new data suggests access remains limited. By Jessie Gómez | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat New York NYC will open a school of hip-hop in September 2026 in the Bronx The Bronx School of Hip-Hop is set to open in 2026 in the art form’s birthplace. By Jessica Shuran Yu | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat Chicago State investigating Chicago charter school for failing to serve students with disabilities The investigation, which has spanned multiple years, alleges that Instituto has failed to provide more than 100 students with disabilities with services they are legally entitled to. By Reema Amin | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat Indiana How did Indiana lawmakers react to the final recommendations from the ILEA? The ILEA’s recommendations are heading to lawmakers, who see the potential to replicate many of them throughout the state but could be skeptical of giving mayors more power. By Aleksandra Appleton | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Tennessee AG and Christian nonprofit challenge ban on religious charter schools A major fight over religious charter schools could be brewing in Tennessee amid a national push to declare religious charter bans unconstitutional. By Melissa Brown | December 18 FROM chalkbeat National Why some charter advocates are worried about plans to eliminate the Education Department In private emails, a leading advocacy group fretted about the move and secured a meeting with the Labor Secretary, who will oversee a key charter program. By Matt Barnum | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat Indiana Task force votes to recommend independent education authority to oversee IPS, charter schools The 8-1 vote on the recommendations came amid increasing public pressure to retain the power of the elected school board over district buildings and transportation. By Amelia Pak-Harvey | December 18 FROM Chalkbeat Chicago Illinois lawmakers change Minority Teachers of Illinois Scholarship amid legal challenge The Minority Teachers of Illinois Scholarship was a 33-year-old initiative funded by the state to diversify the teacher workforce. After the program was challenged in 2024, lawmakers decided to erase all language related to race and ethnicity and change eligibility requirements. By Samantha Smylie | December 17 FROM Chalkbeat Detroit Here’s how the Detroit district spent nearly $32 million of its literacy lawsuit funds Most of the money went to hire literacy academic interventionists for students struggling to learn to read. By Hannah Dellinger | December 17 FROM Chalkbeat New York NY lawmakers push for more transparency on lengthy suspensions for students with disabilities The bills come after a Chalkbeat investigation found that NYC schools routinely ignore rules that are supposed to protect students with disabilities from lengthy suspensions. By Alex Zimmerman | December 17 FROM Chalkbeat Indiana IPS board says it wants to be charter authorizer on eve of ILEA vote In a statement, the board said the move would be a ‘step toward unparalleled local accountability.’ By Amelia Pak-Harvey | December 16 FROM Chalkbeat Tennessee Memphis school board files lawsuit over 2026 election reset that shortened 5 terms The Shelby County Commission reset the election timeline this fall, cutting five school board members’ terms short. The new lawsuit comes days before candidates can begin requesting election petitions for the 2026 May primaries. By Bri Hatch | December 16 FROM Chalkbeat Colorado 2 Denver schools are safe from closure due to ratings bump, but 4 others remain at risk Denver Public Schools has a new policy that calls for closing low-performing schools. But the state recently raised the ratings for 2 DPS schools, sparing them from closure under that policy. By Melanie Asmar | December 16 FROM Chalkbeat Philadelphia New Philadelphia school provides more space for students in the city’s overcrowded Northeast The nearly $90 million building has space for more than 1,000 students. By Rebecca Redelmeier | December 16 FROM Chalkbeat Chicago New Illinois research finds a college degree the most ‘promising pathway’ to a good job The report’s authors found alternative pathways in five industries — construction, agriculture, engineering, mechanics, and health care — led to good jobs too, but mostly for white and Latino men. By Becky Vevea | December 16 FROM Chalkbeat New York UFT criticizes Brooklyn principal after teachers say they’ve faced years of mistreatment Teachers at a Brooklyn school say there’s micromanagement and a lack of respect. Now their union is mounting a social media campaign to support them. By Jessica Shuran Yu | December 16 FROM Chalkbeat Indiana Mayor Hogsett and Superintendent Johnson announce 5 things they want from the ILEA The day before the ILEA votes on final recommendations to send to lawmakers, the mayor and superintendent announced five things they want to see in the final draft. But a plan for who oversees schools didn’t make their list. By MJ Slaby | December 16 More Stories More Stories Become a Chalkbeat sponsor Who We Are About Us Code of Ethics Our Staff Careers at Chalkbeat Awards Our Supporters Policies Republishing Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Contact Us Become a Sponsor How to Be a Source Newsletters Newsrooms Chalkbeat Votebeat Healthbeat CHALKBEAT IS A CIVIC NEWS COMPANY NEWSROOM © 2025 clock CST_