ChannelSight - Build the Perfect Toolkit to Optimise your Path to Purchase NEW REPORT Direct-to-Consumer eCommerce in 2024 Read More Product ChannelSight.AI Harness our groundbreaking AI-powered Where to Buy & Digital Shelf platform to optimize your customer journey and unlock precision insights that drive ecommerce growth. Where To Buy Drive Website Conversions Convert motivated customers directly from your website and track outcomes See Benefits Understand purchase outcomes and create ideal shopper experiences Powered by ChannelSight.AI Shoppable Media Make your Media Shoppable Provide a direct path to purchase from any paid, owned or earned media. See Benefits Grab positive Brand impressions and optimise them for sales conversion. Powered by ChannelSight.AI Digital Shelf Price & Inventory Improve e-retailer relationships by better predicting inventory and stock trends Content & Compliance Attract more customers by optimising your product listings Rating & Reviews Maximize conversions by quantifying product perceptions and addressing issues early. Search Placement Secure top search placements by benchmarking against top-performing competitors Powered by ChannelSight.AI Request a demo from our team Book a live demo and learn more about ChannelSights solutions Request A Demo Partners Retail Partner Network See our expansive global network of Retail Partners ChannelSight Partner Program Learn more about becoming a ChannelSight Partner today Request a demo from our team Book a live demo and learn more about ChannelSights solutions Request A Demo Resources ChannelSight Blog Stay up to date with our latest news and product updates Case Studies Check out how we bring value to our clients Newsletter Catch the latest on all things ecommerce Request a demo from our team Book a live demo and learn more about ChannelSights solutions Request A Demo Company Why ChannelSight Strengthen your online performance and maximize conversions at every stage of your consumer journey About Us Improving the world of eCommerce through a culture of innovation and learning Careers We are always on the lookout for collaborative and innovative thinkers to help us learn, invent and scale Request a demo from our team Book a live demo and learn more about ChannelSights solutions Request A Demo ChannelSight.AI Log in Log in Book a Demo Introducing ChannelSight.AI Our market leading Where To Buy & Digital Shelf platform has been completely re-engineered with AI at its core. It delivers precision insights that elevate eCommerce performance optimization to a whole new level. Learn More We partner with the world’s leading brands: Why ChannelSight Better Product Intelligence Gain visibility into the performance of your product catalogue and customer journeys across your retailer network. Unrivalled performance data enables you to optimize marketing performance across your product catalogue. Understand which cohort of SKUs are losing revenue to competitors across which retailers. Maximize Consumer Conversions Gain visibility into the performance of your product catalogue and customer journeys across your retailer network. Unrivalled performance data enables you to optimize marketing performance across your product catalogue. Understand which cohort of SKUs are losing revenue to competitors across which retailers. Flexible Industry Leading Analytics Gain visibility into the performance of your product catalogue and customer journeys across your retailer network. Unrivalled performance data enables you to optimize marketing performance across your product catalogue. Understand which cohort of SKUs are losing revenue to competitors across which retailers. Where To Buy Drive Website conversions Convert motivated consumers directly from your website and measure the success of traffic sent to Retailers in actual revenue. Complete visibility across your entire retailer network in every market. Learn More Shoppable Media Make your media shoppable Inspire purchases by providing consumers a direct path to purchase from any paid, owned or earned media. Increase Marketing ROI Optimize campaigns and increase Digital Marketing ROI with performance data. Increase Brand Engagement Develop and deploy branded landing pages from ChannelSight - no agency or design work needed. Learn More Digital Shelf Optimize Your Products' Online Presence Convert motivated consumers directly from your website and measure the success of traffic sent to Retailers in actual revenue. Complete visibility across your entire retailer network in every market. Price & Inventory Improve e-Retailer relationships by better predicting inventory and stock trends. Content Compliance Attract more consumers byoptimizing product listings. Ratings & Reviews Maximize conversions by quantifying product perceptions and addressing recurring issues early. Search Placement Secure top search placements and gain a competitive advantage across your Retailer network. Learn More What is ChannelSight.AI ? Our completely reimagined AI-powered ecommerce optimization platform enables you to make better decisions that increase sales and market share. Gain access to actionable insights that enable your brand to gain unparalleled clarity – to see in real-time how to optimize every aspect of your digital commerce performance like never before. It is revolutionary. It leverages over a decade of our proprietary data & market intelligence. It is exclusive to ChannelSight. And it is the future. Learn More What Our Clients Say “ChannelSight has helped us become one of the most advanced companies in our area when it comes to online sales. There are not many smart home manufacturers that provide such a state-of-the-art retail solution.” ‍ Jesco Reb Head of Online Marketing, tado° "Since implementing ChannelSights solutions we have sent over 35,000 leads with a value of £400,000 to partner retailer websites, which are directly attributable to our Buy Now call-to-action." ‍ Joanna Weston Digital Marketing Manager, The Scotts Company “When we approached different BIN vendors, ChannelSight clearly stood out with regard to overall digital expertise, conversion tracking capability and professionalism.” ‍ ‍ Jon Ones Head of Digital, Duracell International “With ChannelSight’s reporting we have access to advanced performance insights at the click of a button. From this we can see the overall revenue potential of our marketing effort, both organic and paid media.” ‍ Michael Knott Director of Digital Media, Programs and Analytics, Logitech Ready to experience the future? Book a demo now to see how your brand can benefit. Talk To Us Explore Our Blogs ‍ Brand Integrity and AI: How To Establish Trust in Your Brand with AI Marketing Introducing Sentiment Analysis To Our Digital Shelf Analytics Digital Shelf Analytics Introducing Add to Cart & Retailer Location Targeting Where To Buy The Inventory Management Process Consumer Journey View More Product Where To Buy Shoppable Media Digital Shelf How Where to Buy Works How Shoppable Media Works How Digital Shelf Works Company About us Careers Resources Portal Blogs Resources E-Commerce FAQs Case Studies PIM Platform Compare Platforms Customer Journey Digital Shelf Retail Media eCommerce Analytics Partnerships Become a Partner Retailer Network Product Where To Buy Shoppable Media Digital Shelf How Where to Buy Works How Shoppable Media Works How Digital Shelf Works Company About us Contact Careers Resources Portal Blogs Resources E-Commerce FAQs Case Studies PIM Platform Compare Platforms Customer Journey Digital Shelf Retail Media eCommerce Analytics Omnichannel Strategy Partnerships Become a Partner Retailer Network HQ: Newcourt House, Strandville Ave E, Clontarf, Dublin 3, D03 F2K5 Ireland Phone: +353 1 902 2822 © 2025 ChannelSight Terms Privacy Policy Cookies