Chaport: #1 Customer Messaging Software Solutions Use cases Sales Support Marketing By company size Startups SMBs Enterprises Industries Automotive E-commerce Education Hosting Real estate Travel and tourism All industries → Features Live chat Chatbots Multi-channel Knowledge base All features → Pricing Help Log in Sign up Solutions Use cases Sales Support Marketing By company size Startups SMBs Enterprises Industries Automotive E-commerce Education Hosting Real estate Travel and tourism All industries → Features Live chat Chatbots Multi-channel Knowledge base All features → Pricing Help Log in Sign up Sign up A better way to talk to your customers Add a live chat widget to your website, connect other channels, and automate sales & support with chatbots. Try for Free #1 customer messaging software according to: 4.9 out of 5 4.9 out of 5 4.9 out of 5 All-in-one messaging solution Powerful app designed to be simple Chaport is a modern customer messaging platform that combines everything you need for effective support, sales, and engagement, all in a simple interface. Live Chat Help your customers faster. Increase sales Talk to your customers in real time via live chat, solve their problems quickly, and make more sales. Learn more → Chatbots Automate sales and support with chatbots Let chatbots answer common questions, qualify leads, and collect feedback for you. Offer instant help 24/7, even when your team is offline. Learn more → Multi-Channel Answer questions from all channels in one place Let your customers contact you via live chat, email, Facebook, Telegram, or Viber. Respond directly from Chaport. Learn more → Knowledge base Encourage customer self-service Create a knowledge base for your customers and activate an FAQ bot to automatically suggest relevant articles directly in the chat. Learn more → Try Chaport even without adding the live chat widget to your website Try for Free Mobile Apps Talk to your customers at any time, from any location Chaport is available for iOS, Android, Web, Windows, MacOS. Instant synchronization between all devices. Download the App Web-Version Integrations & API Connect Chaport to all the apps you use Get customer info from your CRM and automatically update it. Connect Chaport with 4,000+ apps using Zapier or integrate it with any app using API. Integrations API Powerful Features You’ll get everything you need for efficient work Auto-invitations Send automatic chat invitations to your customers based on specified rules. Typing insights Read customer messages even before they are sent and answer faster. Saved replies Prepare answer templates to common questions and reply in a few clicks. Detailed customer info View customer name, contact details, location, website activity, and much more. Group chats Invite another operator to a chat or join someone else’s chat to help your customers together. File sending Share images, audio and video files, and other documents with your customers. Widget customization Modify the chat widget color, background, texts, position, and operator photos. Multilingual chat widget Let your customers see the widget in their native languages. Reports View real-time reports about incoming and missed chats and operators’ working hours. View All Features → What our customers say about us Capterra “This was definitely my best experience with live chat software. Plug and play. Intuitive. Fast. Clean. Amazing.” — Carl E. G2 “Excellent simple live chat solution that has provided my company with a direct way to communicate with potential customers through my website.” — George R. Capterra “GUI is intuitive and you don’t need any training for that. Me and my colleagues use Windows and Android app and it’s working flawlessly.” — Igor N. G2 “Great customer support! Easy to use, cool user interface. With Chaport you will find all you need. Really recommend to use this tool.” — Hoang L. Join over 100,000 happy teams using Chaport Sign Up For Free Product Pricing Features Live chat Chatbots Multi-channel Knowledge base Apps Solutions Startups SMBs Enterprises Sales Support Marketing Industries Automotive E-commerce Education Hosting Real estate Travel and tourism All industries → Resources Blog Help center Integrations API Alternatives Company About Contact us Affiliate program GDPR Press © 2025 Chaport Inc. Terms & Privacy English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Português Privacy Settings We use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. If you are using our Services via a browser you can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings. We also use content and scripts from third parties that may use tracking technologies. You can selectively provide your consent below to allow such third party embeds. For complete information about the cookies we use, data we collect and how we process them, please check our Privacy Policy Youtube Consent to display content from Youtube Vimeo Consent to display content from Vimeo Google Maps Consent to display content from Google Spotify Consent to display content from Spotify Sound Cloud Consent to display content from Sound Save