Stay in the loop
First name*
Last name*
Email*
Job title*
Company name*
Region (APAC, EMEA or North America)*
Please Select
APAC
EMEA
North America

I agree to receive communications from LoopMe

*
News
All the latest news, press, events and blog content from LoopMe
Proven Success
Latest case studies of how LoopMe improves advertising results
Insights
Understand consumer sentiment and create bespoke audiences with LoopMe
Intelligent Marketplace
Delivering better efficiency and a more sustainable programmatic marketplace for supply and demand partners



Chartboost
In-app monetization platform that drives higher CPMs and fill rates
PurchaseLoop
Driving up to 5x higher performance for leading brands & media partners



Premium Deals Library
Leveraging first-party data, patented AI, campaign outcomes, with curated inventory to power high-performing deals for agencies and demand partners
AMP Audience & Measurement Platform
Providing custom audiences, standalone measurement and consumer insights in one end-to-end solution for brands, agencies, publishers and platforms
Company
LoopMe is the global leader in brand performance, redefining brand advertising for the digital and app ecosystem
Careers
Looking for your next career move? Find out more about working at LoopMe
Sustainability
LoopMe is proud to be carbon neutral, helping to create a more sustainable digital advertising ecosystem
Solutions
Technology
About
Resources
Contact
Login to Products
Solutions
Technology
About
Resources
Contact
Login to Products
Making your
monetization goals a
reality through trust  
and transparency
Chartboost by LoopMe

Chartboost is a leading in-app monetization and programmatic advertising platform.

Empowering app developers to monetize highly engaged audiences by connecting them directly with marketers through immersive ad experiences.

Maximize your ad revenue

Chartboost in-app monetization allows publishers to access industry-leading demand that drives higher CPMs and fill rates.

Chartboost Monetization
In-app bidding
Chartboost supports in-app bidding across most major mediation partners. Allow Chartboost to bid in real-time amongst all your other demand sources, increasing competition and value for your inventory.
Premier demand sources
Tap into the 110+ best demand sources and achieve diversified budget from brand and performance based advertisers all through one SDK.
Support for top ad formats
Keep your audiences engaged with support for video, rewarded, interstitial, banner, etc.
Built on trust 
Our top priority is your success. We are committed to building a lasting, strategic partnership with you based on trust.
Transparent reporting
Increase your revenue with access to key metrics such as ad requests, impressions, eCPM, fill rate, auction data and more.
Flexibility and stability 
Our track record speaks for itself. We've successfully helped a range of partners, including Zynga and its numerous studios, achieve their business objectives across various categories and company sizes.
Full control of your
user experience

Chartboost provides unbiased transparency and total control over your user experience, with real-time bidding driving the best demand and increasing ARPDAU.

LoopMe’s Intelligent
Marketplace AI now
powering Chartboost
Direct SDK integrations with over 3,000 leading apps
700 million active daily mobile users
900 billion daily bid requests
Bidding & Network SDK integrations
Find out more



First name*
Last name*
Work email*
Company name*
Choose the products you are interested in:*
Chartboost Exchange
Chartboost Mediation
Chartboost Monetization
App Store Submission URL*
Country*

Looking for Chartboost documentation? Visit docs.chartboost.com.

I agree to receive communications from LoopMe.
Interested in learning more about Chartboost by LoopMe?



We would like to contact you about our products and services from time to time. Please tick the box below the form if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose.

You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For information on our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy.

By clicking submit, you consent to LoopMe storing and processing the personal details entered in this form.
Resources
Case studies
News & Events
Insights
Chartboost Documentation
Solutions
Intelligent Marketplace
PurchaseLoop
Measurement
Chartboost
Creative Studio
Deals Library
Political Advertising
About
Company
Careers
Contact Us
Technology
Sustainability
Stay in the loop

Subscribe to receive the latest news and updates.
We promise not to spam you!

Sign me up!



©2023 LoopMe. All rights reserved.
LoopMe Legal Chartboost Legal Privacy UK Modern Slavery Statement
Site by Deadeye Design

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.

Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Cookies Settings
Save Choices Accept All Cookies