Charts
Screens
Atlas
Dashboard
Premium
Contact Us
Sign in
Finance analysis tools
 Customizing stock charts, scans, and widgets—free and fast, so you get the insights you need to improve your trades.
Scan. Chart. Trade.
Charts
Design your own indicators and plot them to your charts, scans or widgets. Intuitive UI, no query language needed.
Indicators, Your Way
Scanner
Scan whatever you want, seriously. Visualize indicators, fundamental reports, order book, any timeframe.
Create
your own
Browse
Keywords
English-like grammar is our DNA—start right away with phrases like “close is greater than open” or “RSI(14) is below 70.”
See it in action
Widgets
Custom analytics, extended and tweaked. Get a broader market view including code detail & user experience.
Extend. Tweak. Discover.
User-centric
Support when you need it — fast responses, 1,00,000+ indicators created. We’re your analytics partner!
Analytics Simplified
Alerts
It’s fast – never miss any stock. Set up alerts for your strategies and we’ll monitor all your stocks on our server to make sure you never miss an opportunity.
SMS, Email & Web
Magic filters
A powerful tool that transforms your words into smart market filters, helping you instantly spot opportunities and make confident decisions.
Try it out
Testimonials
Follow in the footsteps of thousands of traders before you.
Saraj Kumar Dutta
I'm satisfied by your services and prompt replies to my questions. Your answers are perfect and to the point. I'm Happy. Expecting few more improvement in the future.
Shreyas Pandit
One of the finest platforms for trading-related scanners. Straightforward UI and an amazing Cx team @ChartinkConnect #chartink
Anirban Mukherjee
@ChartinkConnect it’s one of the better applications for creating scanners for selecting stocks for trade , have started using the same , also make my own scanners , it’s quite deep in variables extended , support is excellent
Sumit Sancheti
@ChartinkConnect one of the amazing stock screener tools I`ve used in recent years. I would like to thank you for the fusion of Techo Funda stock scans with the enormous amount of data, allowing one to scan stocks on multiple parameters. Indeed my go-to tool #chartink
Empowering Your Trading Decisions
Set up strategies, never miss a move.
Try for free
Price Data sourced from NSE feed, price updates are near real-time, unless indicated. Financial data sourced from CapitalMarket. Technical/Fundamental Analysis Charts & Tools provided for research purpose. Please be aware of the risk's involved in trading & seek independent advice, if necessary.
Product
Charts
Scanner
Widgets
Screens
Keywords
User-centric
AI
Resources
Premium
Support
Privacy Policy
Company
About Us
Terms of usage
Contact Us
Links
X
Facebook
2025 ChartInk