charity: water | Give clean water this December Give by December 31st Help bring clean water to even more people There’s still time to make a year-end gift and help fund clean water for as many people as possible before midnight EST on December 31. No matter how much you choose to give, 100% will bring clean water to those who need it most. Other Ways to Give Donate by Check Make checks payable to charity: water. If you're donating in honor of someone, sponsoring a water project or want to direct your donation to our operating costs, please write that in the memo of your check. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via check. Tax receipts will be mailed within four to six weeks after the donation has been processed. International Giving charity: water is a registered charity in the UK. To make a tax-efficient donation in GBP, visit charitywateruk.org . For other international donations, we accept bank issued money orders in USD. Money orders should be made payable to charity: water and can be mailed to the address below. For donations over $6,000, we also accept wire transfers; email info@charitywater.org for more information. Please note, only donations made by eligible US taxpayers may be tax-deductible. Donate Stock We're able to accept donations in the form of stock, government (including municipal) debt and corporate debt through the Depository Trust Company (DTC). For security, settlement and reduced paperwork, electronic transfer through the DTC is preferred. This can be arranged from most brokerage accounts. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via stock. Please contact info@charitywater.org for more information on making a stock donation. charity: water Donation Processing Center, 230 Franklin Rd., Ste. 11-II Franklin, TN 37064 EIN: 22-3936753 charity: water is a 501 (c)(3) When REST refused to rest As conflict erupted in northern Ethiopia, our local partner the Relief Society of Tigray (REST) could have stepped back. Instead, they stepped forward — repairing wells, delivering supplies, and helping families survive. Their courage is backed by supporters like you. Together, we’re showing that clean water can't be taken away, even in the darkest times. PLAY VIDEO The letters we received said, "We need help.” The letters we received said, "We need help.” PLAY VIDEO Showing up adds up Whether you give to provide clean water for one family or an entire community, you’re joining a global movement of people who are transforming generations with the gift of clean water — and we’ve got the numbers to prove it. 20,763,856 people Since 2006, supporters like you have collectively brought clean water to over 20 million people in 29 countries. 197,000 projects 100% of every public donation has been used to fund more than 197,000 water projects all over the world. 52 minutes The average household saves 52 minutes per day in water collection time thanks to charity: water grants. For women and girls in particular, this means more time toward getting an education, starting businesses, and taking charge of their futures. 56 percent In Nepal, clean water projects reduced worry by more than 56%, with 71.1% reporting a feeling of worry before having clean water, compared to just 14.6% after. Give water. Get proof. When you give to charity: water, you buy into the promise that 100% of your gift will fund clean water and that we’ll prove it. WaterProof , a first-of-its-kind donation tracking platform, allows you to follow every donation you make, showing you what kind of water project you contributed to and how many people it helps. It’s not just transparency — it’s trust, built on action. And it’s proof that when you show up, lives change. CHARITY: WATER'S impact to date 197,000 WATER PROJECTS FUNDED 29 countries 20,763,856 people will be served the details This number represents all water projects funded by charity: water, including completed projects and those under construction. This number is dynamic and updates as we receive new information from our partners in the field. the details This number includes all countries where we have funded projects. the details This number represents the total number of people who will gain access to clean water as reported by our implementing partners. This number is dynamic and updates as we receive new information from our partners in the field. It starts with you The water crisis won’t end because of grand gestures. It will end because people, like you, keep showing up for others they may never even meet. Again and again. That’s what brings water to communities. That’s what restores hope. That’s what changes everything. Give today to help bring the gift of clean water to even more people. Give now Sponsor an entire water project You can change everything for a community, school, or health clinic by sponsoring a water project. On average, water projects start at $10,000 and can cost up to $30,000 or more, depending on the location and project type. Sponsor a project More ways to give Honor someone special Honor or remember someone special by making a gift in their name. Give Today Donate with cryptocurrency We currently accept bitcoin, ether, litecoin, bitcoin cash, Zcash, filecoin, and dogecoin. Give Crypto Plan for legacy giving Make a lasting gift to help bring clean water to every person on the planet. Learn more Give by check or stock We also accept donations by check, stock, money order, and wire transfer. Get The Details On average, $40 brings clean water to one person. Gifts made to our UK entity are converted to the approximate local currency using average GBP/USD rate from the prior month to calculate people served. Donate before midnight EST on December 31st for your donation to receive a 2025 tax receipt. Other Ways to Give Donate by Check Make checks payable to charity: water. If you're donating in honor of someone, sponsoring a water project or want to direct your donation to our operating costs, please write that in the memo of your check. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via check. Tax receipts will be mailed within four to six weeks after the donation has been processed. International Giving charity: water is a registered charity in the UK. To make a tax-efficient donation in GBP, visit charitywateruk.org . For other international donations, we accept bank issued money orders in USD. Money orders should be made payable to charity: water and can be mailed to the address below. For donations over $6,000, we also accept wire transfers; email info@charitywater.org for more information. Please note, only donations made by eligible US taxpayers may be tax-deductible. Donate Stock We're able to accept donations in the form of stock, government (including municipal) debt and corporate debt through the Depository Trust Company (DTC). For security, settlement and reduced paperwork, electronic transfer through the DTC is preferred. This can be arranged from most brokerage accounts. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via stock. Please contact info@charitywater.org for more information on making a stock donation. charity: water Donation Processing Center, 230 Franklin Rd., Ste. 11-II Franklin, TN 37064 EIN: 22-3936753 charity: water is a 501 (c)(3) Add Impact To Your Inbox Get our emails to stay in the know. Take Action Give Join the Spring Give to a Fundraiser Give in Someone's Honor Sponsor a community Legacy Giving Get Involved Create an account Fundraise Tiny Heroes Students & Teachers Stream for us Experience Lab Get to know us Our Work 100% Model See Our Financials Meet the founder Meet the executive team Careers Connect Contact Us Help center Request a Speaker Brand Partnerships Shop our store Twitter Facebook Instagram Snapchat Youtube Linkedin Privacy policy responsible disclosure process charity: water is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. 100% of public donations go directly to fund clean water projects. Get our emails © 2025 | charity: water Donation Processing Center, 230 Franklin Rd., Ste. 11-II, Franklin, TN 37064 | c/o TC Citroen Wells Limited, 5th Floor, 3 Dorset Rise, London EC4Y 8EN | Charity Global, Inc., a US 501 (c)(3) public charity, EIN 22-3936753 and an ANBI in the Netherlands, RSIN 826151656. Charity Global UK Limited is a dual-qualified charity registered in England and Wales, charity number 1169228. Charity Global UK Limited is wholly owned by Charity Global, Inc.