Work for UK Charities: Find a Career with Meaning | CharityJob Jobs Career advice CharityConnect Are you recruiting? Find jobs Search more than 3,000 jobs in the charity sector. Find a Job Jobs Career advice CharityConnect Are you recruiting? Log in Sign up Sign in Choose from 1,687 paid jobs and 1,438 volunteer roles from 767 recruiters Paid Volunteer Find jobs Fundraising Manager (690) Mental Health (421) Finance (453) Director / CEO (650) Unicef (2) Browse by cause Job titles, keywords, organisations Clear Find jobs Locations Clear Find jobs Hiring now on CharityJob Quick search links Remote jobs Safeguarding jobs Animal charity jobs Counsellor jobs Education charity jobs Wellbeing jobs Mental health charity jobs Trustee jobs Policy jobs Project manager jobs Marketing jobs What candidates say about CharityJob Dapo Coker I was impressed they way my queries were dealt with and resolved Show more Kate I called with a query about an application I had made through their website. They were really friendly, easily understood my query and gave me all the relevant information. They followed up by email after taking action. Thanks! Show more Chantelle Beverley was incredibly kind and helpful with my query and request, and left me satisfied with her assistance and the service from CharityJob. Show more Lisa A very professional and easy to use non egocentric platform with exceptional customer service. Job descriptions are well written and the application process is smooth. Show more Cheryle Arrowsmith I recently submitted a query about the salary advertised on a job listing as the salary for 28 hours made the hourly rate come in at under minimum wage. I had a very prompt response and action to communicate with the company advertised followed up. Fantastic service to ensure that they are listing correct information on their site for job seekers. Show more Sandra Martin My enquiry was responded to in record time and information was given that assisted me in my search. Show more E Walker Excellent response from when I raised a concern about an advert I had seen that had purposely circumvented the salary posting rules. I was actually quite surprised that it was taken so seriously, balancing giving the recruiter the benefit of the doubt with standing by your policies. Show more Anonymous Amazing, never have I been more impressed with a job site. Beverley responds in quick time. When I requested an email change, it was actioned fast, and when I submitted feedback for product, it was passed on without hesitation and with quick acknowledgement. Thank you! Show more Find your next job Search more than 3,000 jobs in the charity sector. Your perfect role is only a few clicks away. Find a Job Upload your CV Save time when you spot your dream job! Upload your CV with ease. Upload CV Charity Career Advice Sign up to our e-newsletter to receive quality career advice that’s tailored to the charity sector. Sign up to newsletter CharityConnect Join over 20,0000 charity professionals to get insights, share experiences and have your questions answered. Go to CharityConnect For candidates Jobs Volunteering Career advice Browse jobs For recruiters Job adverts Ad enhancements Multiple ads Offers Salary checker CharityJob recruiter Recruiter insights FAQs CharityJob About us CharityConnect Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms & conditions Contact us Our partners ©2026 JobLadder Ltd.