We have updated our pre-authorization hold policy. Learn more >

SHOP
FIND STATIONS
Find charging stations
Explore charging map 
SUPPORT
REGION
Change region
North America
Canada (english)
Canada (français canadien)
 United States (english)
 
Europe
Czech (czechia)
Denmark (dansk)
Deutschland (deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
Nederlands (nederland)
Norge (norsk)
Italia (italiano)
Poland (polish)
Portugal (português)
Sverige (svenska)
United Kingdom (english)
SEARCH
Search ChargePoint
Search
LOGIN
Your account
Drivers
Login
Create an account
Station owners
Login
Partners
ChargePoint Partner Connect
ChargePoint University
For businesses 
For fleets 
For partners 
For drivers 
Company 
Connect With an Expert
 
Your EV charging platform of choice
Connect with drivers when they want to charge.
EV charging should be easy.
From organizations and fleets of all sizes to drivers across Europe and North America, our goal is to make it simple for everyone to go electric.

Connect With an Expert

How we help
Since 2007, we’ve pioneered EV charging solutions that work with every make and model of EV on the road. Our software platform is designed to empower organizations from auto manufacturers to workplaces and fleets of all types and sizes to maximize the benefits of their EV charging operations and deliver an enhanced driver experience.
Flexible solutions
Mix hardware with ChargePoint software to match your business goals: our EV charging platform does both.
Easily set up, manage and monitor your charging operations with an open, innovative software platform.
Operate ChargePoint stations, ChargePoint Ready stations from our partners, or any OCPP compliant hardware of your choice.
Attract drivers to your charging stations and deliver a consistent, reliable driver experience.
Driving customer success
We work with you and can scale with you as you grow.
Reduce operating costs while increasing station uptime and keeping your vehicles on the road.
Improve efficiency with proactive management tools and support.
Address your current and future operational needs with purpose-built software, hardware and services.
Enhanced driver experience
Charge wherever life takes you.
Find, start and pay for charging with ease using the top-rated ChargePoint app.
Connect to our network through the partner experience of your choice, including Apple CarPlay, Android Auto or your vehicle's in-dash infotainment system.
Charge at hundreds of thousands of locations on our network and with our roaming partners.
Find out how ChargePoint can help power your success.
Learn More
Trusted by industry leaders
Over 5,000 brands trust ChargePoint for their EV charging needs, including:
64%
of Fortune 500 companies
82%
of Fortune 50 companies
“As EV adoption increases, so does the need for charging infrastructure in residences, workplaces, fleet depots, local destinations, retail fueling sites and elsewhere. Networking platforms connect and coordinate the needs of EV drivers, fleet managers, charge point site hosts and operators, and grid operators.”

Michael Austin
Senior Research Analyst
Guidehouse Insights

“ChargePoint was able to check all of the boxes for our requirements but, most important, to go the long haul and meet our goals. There’s no better people to maintain the equipment than the people who built the equipment. For as long as we want to run the vehicles, which is typically 18 years, the charging provider needs to be around.”

Henry Lukasik
Director of Maintenance
PSTA

“We see providing this amenity — or actually, this necessary infrastructure — as a competitive advantage for our rental units. If people are going to own these vehicles, they will look for somewhere to call home that has this offering.”

Michael Hack
Project Planning Manager
Broadstreet Properties

 
 
Home Flex
Bring home one of the fastest and highest-performing EV home chargers on the market today with ChargePoint Home Flex. Rest easy knowing your EV is always ready to go when you are.

Learn more

Mobile app
Easily find a place to charge worldwide with custom app filters, including charging speeds and connector types. From pricing to driver tips and photos, discover everything you need to know before arriving at a station.

Learn more

By the numbers
We believe the transition to electric mobility is essential to building a sustainable future for all. Here’s what we’ve achieved together so far.

19 billion
Electric miles powered

4.5 million
Metric tons of GHG Emissions avoided

Your partner for every step to electrification
Talk to an EV charging expert who can help you evaluate your EV charging needs and match you with the right solution.

Connect With an Expert

 
EV drivers
Log in
Sign up
EV driver FAQ
24/7 support
Station owners
Log in
Station owners FAQ
Contact support
Contact sales
About us
Careers
Trust center
Contact us

United States >

Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Choices | Terms of Use | Accessibility Statement | Supplier Code of Conduct

Email Preferences >

Copyright © 2025 ChargePoint, Inc. All rights reserved.

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All Accept All Cookies