Merchant Services & Payment Processing | Chase Payment Solutions | Chase.com Please turn on JavaScript in your browser It appears your web browser is not using JavaScript. Without it, some
 pages won't work properly. Please adjust the settings in your browser 
to make sure JavaScript is turned on. Skip to main content Personal Business ,  Current product Commercial Customer service Get help with your account Find ATM or Branch Make payment English Canada English Canada French Europe English Search Open side menu Chase for Business links to Chase for Business home Sign in Opens overlay Checking & more Checking Savings Retirement Banking solutions Business services Investing with J.P. Morgan Loans & financing Loans overview Business line of credit Small business loans Commercial real estate financing Accept credit/debit cards Chase Payment Solutions Point-of-sale system Accept cards in-person Accept cards online Invoicing Payroll Pricing Business credit cards View all business cards Sign in for offers Help & support See all options Protect your business Payment solutions support PPP Loan Forgiveness Resource center See all resources Knowledge Center Courses & tools Podcast Coaching for Impact Employer health care resources Limited time offer: Get $100 off the Chase Point of Sale (POS)™ Terminal when you use code CHASEPOS at checkout. Terms apply. Learn more ,  POS Terminal MERCHANT SERVICES FOR YOUR BUSINESS Chase Payment Solutions℠ Accept credit cards and get tools to power your business, all in one place from the bank you trust. Plus, enjoy deposits as soon as same day at no extra cost . , Connect with us To sign up for Chase Payment Solutions, reach out to a Payments Advisor at 1-877-843-5690 or fill out this short form . Retail Restaurants Services E-commerce Healthcare Integrations Process payments with the #1 merchant acquirer and bank in the U.S. 6M+ businesses trust Chase $10T in payments processed daily #1 in quality of advice and customer service Explore merchant services tailored to your business needs I am looking for: Choose an option Ways to accept payments Solutions for my industry Payments integrations and tools to run my business Pricing Payments support & guidance Explore solutions Results Below Check out these products Recommendations will show up here once your selections are made. To learn about other solutions, reach out to a Payments Advisor at 1-877-843-5690 or fill out this short form . Accept card payments anytime, anywhere In-store Take payments and manage your business with our point of sale app , card reader or POS terminal —all part of the Chase POS℠ system . Or explore our standalone terminals . On-the-go From pop up markets to house calls, our point of sale app makes it easy to accept mobile payments with Tap to Pay on iPhone or by connecting a card reader . On your website Add Chase payment processing to your website with a payment gateway . We integrate with leading e-commerce platforms. Billing & invoicing Send invoices with our easy-to-use invoicing solution or setup recurring billing with a virtual terminal . Unparalleled value from payments and banking in one place Fast access to funds Improve cash flow with deposits as soon as same day at no extra cost when using a Chase Business Complete Banking ® account. Waive the Monthly Service Fee Chase Business Complete Banking clients processing over $2,000 a month in payments can have the Monthly Service Fee on their business banking account waived . One-stop shop for your financial needs One login to manage payments, banking, business analytics and payroll to help you grow. Explore Chase POS system — Easily get started and scale for all your payment processing needs Built into your Chase Business Complete Banking account. Activate Chase QuickAccept ® , to get started. Get fast funding with same-day deposits at no additional cost . 1 2 3 4 5 Showing slides 1 through 3, selected Previous Slide Next Slide Slide 1 of 5, show slides 1 through 3 UPGRADE YOUR POS SYSTEM Chase POS Terminal Take payments, print and send receipts, manage your products, inventory and more, with our fastest, most reliable terminal yet. Limited time offer — Get $100 off the Chase POS Terminal when you use code CHASEPOS at checkout. Terms apply. ,  POS Terminal Learn more ,  POS Terminal SELL ANYTIME, ANYWHERE Chase Card Reader™ and Chase POS app Turn your phone into a mobile POS system with all the essential features: process payments, create a product catalog, manage tips, connect to a card reader and more. ,  Chase Card Reader Learn more ,  Chase Card Reader ACCEPT CONTACTLESS PAYMENTS Tap to Pay on iPhone With Tap to Pay on iPhone, you can take all types of payments in-store or on-the-go — no extra hardware needed. It’s easy, secure and private. ,  Tap to Pay on iPhone Learn more ,  Tap to Pay on iPhone INVOICE THROUGH YOUR BANK ACCOUNT Invoicing Create professional, digital invoices straight from your business bank account and automatically track all payments made using QuickAccept. Available at no additional monthly cost. ,  invoicing Learn more ,  invoicing REQUEST PAYMENT Payment links In just a few clicks you can send a secure payment link by text or email to your customers. Sign in to create a Payment Link Get started with the Chase POS system 1 Activate QuickAccept ®, Select Accept Payments in Chase Mobile app ® or sign in to activate in Chase Business Online. Sign in to activate 2 Download Chase POS app℠ , Opens overlay , Opens overlay 3 Buy hardware Purchase in Chase POS app or sign in to order devices in Chase Business Online. Sign in to order devices New to Chase Business Complete Banking ® ? Let’s find the best products and pricing options for your business. Reach out to a Payments Advisor at 1-877-843-5690 or fill out this short form . See our point of sale lineup “We’ve lowered our costs, and our employees are happier than ever. If you’re a small business owner considering moving to Chase Payment Solutions, just make the choice to do it.” Lorraine Brock Owner, Get Organized! Customers were told in advance they might be featured in an ad. Helping you grow, every step of the way Solutions that scale Get started with our Chase POS system and explore standalone terminals as you grow. We offer many payment integrations tailored to your business needs. 24/7 support Live expert guidance is available when you need it. Self-service is accessible anytime in the support center . Sell with confidence Chase’s fortress-level security, industry-leading systems and Fraud Protection services help keep your payments safe. Let’s find the best products and pricing options for your business Reach out to a Payments Advisor — call 1-877-843-5690 or fill out this short form . Get started Frequently asked questions What are merchant services? Merchant services refer to a full suite of payment solutions, hardware and software for a business to accept credit cards, debit cards and digital wallet payments in-store, on-the-go and online. What is a Chase Payment Solutions account and what can I expect with it? Chase Payment Solutions is a line of business within Chase for Business (business banking, payments, credit cards), providing payment acceptance (credit, debit, digital wallets, invoicing) and financial solutions to help merchants run their business. A Chase Payment Solutions account is designed to meet the needs of businesses at any stage, whether you’re just starting out or have been accepting payments for years. This account offers 24/7 access to manage all your payment activities in one convenient place. We’ll make it easy to help you manage and grow your business. All you have to do is access your online account. Here are just a few of the things you’re able to do online: Set up or change your bank account for depositing settled funds Delegate access to manage payments for employees Adjust sales or refund payments after settlement View and download statements Monitor sales activity and fees Review disputed charges Subscribe to alerts Access all Chase business accounts in the same view What are the fees for accepting credit card payments? Accept credit card payments with tools for in-store, online or on-the-go invoicing. You pay 2.6% + 10 cents for every tap, dip, or card swipe transaction, 3.5% + 15 cents for manually keyed-in transactions or payment links and 2.9% + 25 cents for online orders. Explore our Merchant fees page for more details. How can I accept credit card payments? You can accept credit card payment in-store using our point of sale app , card reader or terminal —all part of the Chase POS system . Or explore our standalone terminals . For on-the-go payments, use our point of sale app to accept mobile payments via Tap to Pay on iPhone or with a card reader . Accept payments on your website using a payment gateway . Send invoices using our invoicing solution or set up recurring billing with a virtual terminal . What methods of payment can I accept from my customers? With Chase Payment Solutions, you can accept all major payment brands, including Visa ® , Mastercard ® , American Express ® , Discover ® , as well as digital wallets like Apple Pay ® and Google Pay ® . What does the complete suite of Chase Payment Solutions include? The complete Chase Payment Solutions product suite includes two product families (one for more simple needs and one for more sophisticated needs) and value-added services: ​For merchants with simple payment needs​ QuickAccept provides point-of-sale solutions built into your Chase Business Complete Banking account Products include Chase POS app, Chase Card Reader, Chase POS Terminal, Chase Business Online, and more - with the essential features to accept payments and manage sales with ease For merchants with more complex payment needs, and those with multiple locations​ Includes options for standalone products and integrations into existing software, enabling a more sophisticated solution​ This includes integrations into 3rd party partners, like TouchBistro, Silver Essentials by NCR Voyix and Authorize.net ® Value-added services include services that can be added to bring additional value to the business, such as invoicing, payroll services and business analytics. How do I know if Chase Payment Solutions is right for my business? Chase Payment Solutions provides a variety of payment options tailored to your business needs. To determine if we’re the right fit for you, talk with our Payment Advisors for more information and assistance in choosing a path to help manage your business. What if I have more questions? If you have more questions, visit our support site for other commonly asked questions. Need help with Chase Payment Solutions? Find the answers you need and get 24/7 merchant support. Continue ,  24/7 merchant support Footnote 1 Payments processed, approved, and completed by 5 PM Pacific Time (PT) / 8 PM Eastern Time (ET) are eligible for same-day deposits, 6 days a week, excluding Saturdays. All deposits are subject to the applicable Terms of Service, including risk assessment and fraud monitoring, which may result in delays. Payments processed, approved and completed by 5 PM PT / 8 PM ET, Sunday through Friday (including holidays), will be deposited into the business owner's Chase business checking account that night. Payments processed, approved and completed by 5 PM PT / 8 PM ET on Saturdays will be deposited into the business owner's Chase business checking account Sunday morning by 7:30 AM ET. There is no additional cost for same-day deposits, but standard rates and fees will apply for business checking and payment processing. Customers qualify for same-day deposits upon sign-up when processing payments through an eligible Chase Payment Solutions ® or Chase Integrated Payments product and depositing into a Chase business checking account. Same-day deposits are available in the U.S. only. Additional exclusions may apply. Footnote 2 Next business day funding is available to eligible Chase Payment Solutions ® clients who deposit into a single Chase business checking account. Visa ® , MasterCard ® , Discover ® , and American Express ® OptBlue ® credit and debit transactions are eligible. All businesses are subject to business credit approval and all funds are subject to fraud monitoring. In addition, funding is subject to the terms and conditions of the merchant processing agreement. Chase Payment Solutions must receive settled transactions by 10 PM ET (some businesses may qualify for an 11:59 PM ET settlement; talk to a Chase Payments Advisor for more details). Funds are deposited on the next business day, excluding weekends and bank holidays. Some exclusions may apply. The listed payment brand(s) are not sponsors of this program. Footnote 3 Nilson Report, March 2025. Footnote 4 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2024 Annual Report, page 1 (3 of 372) for U.S. small businesses Footnote 5 JPMorgan Chase 2023 Annual Report Footnote 6 JPMorgan Chase Investor Day 2024, May 2024 Footnote 7 Coalition Greenwich, 2023 Greenwich Excellence Awards for U.S. Large Corporate Cash Management, December 2023. Footnote 8 Tap to Pay on iPhone requires a supported payment app and the latest version of iOS. Update to the latest version by going to Settings > General > Software update. Tap Download and Install. Some contactless cards may not be accepted by your payment app. Transaction limits may apply. The contactless Symbol is a trademark owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC. Tap to Pay on iPhone is not available in all markets. For Tap to Pay on iPhone countries and regions, see: https://developer.apple.com/tap-to-pay/regions/ . Footnote 9 Chase Business Complete Checking ® (“Complete Checking”): There is a $15 Monthly Service Fee (MSF) that we’ll waive if you meet any of these qualifying activities for each Complete Checking account in a monthly statement period: (A) Maintain a linked personal Chase Private Client Checking℠, JPMorgan Classic Checking or Private Client Checking Plus account (the linked personal account owner must be a signer and direct business owner listed on the Complete Checking account), (B) Meet Chase Military Banking requirements or (C) Fulfill at least $2,000 in one Qualifying Activity shown below. Qualifying Activities: (1) $2,000 Minimum Daily Ending Balance for Complete Checking each business day during the monthly statement period (excluding the last business day); (2) $2,000 Chase Payment Solutions ® deposits into Complete Checking (net of chargebacks, refunds, or other adjustments) at least one day before the end of the Complete Checking monthly statement period, using one or more of the following: Chase QuickAccept ® , InstaMed ® Patient Payments and InstaMed Patient Portal and/or other eligible Chase Payment Solutions products. Eligible deposits must be made from a Chase Payment Solutions account associated with the same business as your Complete Checking account. The cutoff time for eligible deposits is 11:59 p.m. ET one day prior to the last day of your Complete Checking monthly statement period. Deposits are subject to limits, verification, fraud monitoring, and other restrictions; or (3) $2,000 Chase Ink ® and/or Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business ® card eligible purchases in the most recent monthly card billing cycle, which may be different than your Complete Checking monthly statement period. Eligible purchases must be made using card(s) associated with the same business as your Complete Checking account, and must be eligible to earn Chase Ultimate Rewards ® points. Additional fees for certain transactions and cash deposits may apply. For full Complete Checking product details and fees, please review the Additional Banking Services and Fees for Business Accounts at chase.com/business/disclosures or visit a Chase branch. This information is subject to change. QuickAccept is not available in U.S. territories or outside the U.S. QuickAccept usage subject to eligibility, terms of service, monitoring and further review. QuickAccept is not available to all businesses. Message and data rates may apply from your service provider. Footnote 10 Chase QuickAccept ® is not available in U.S. territories or outside the U.S. Usage of Chase QuickAccept is subject to eligibility, terms of service, monitoring and further review. Deposits are subject to limits, verification, fraud monitoring and other restrictions. Message and data rates may apply. Footnote 11 Chase Point of Sale (POS) app℠ and Chase Mobile app ® are available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. Footnote 12 Fraud Protection Services is available to eligible business checking accounts and consists of the Positive Pay Service ("Positive Pay Service" or "Check Protection Services"), the Reverse Positive Pay Service ("Reverse Positive Pay" or "Check Monitoring"), and the ACH Debit Block Service. You may not enroll an account in both Check Protection Services and the Check Monitoring or Reverse Positive Pay at the same time. Check Monitoring ("Reverse Positive Pay Service" or "Reverse Positive Pay") is complimentary for all Chase business checking customers. Any checks not reviewed by 4 PM local time will be paid. Account Alerts: There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. Such charges include those from your communications service provider. Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons, including service outages affecting your phone, wireless or internet provider; technology failures; and system capacity limitations. Any time you review your balance, keep in mind it may not reflect all transactions including recent debit card transactions or checks you have written. A qualifying Chase transfer account is required to transfer funds via text. Special Provisions for Card Transactions (Zero Liability Protection): Chase will reimburse unauthorized debit card transactions when reported promptly. Certain limitations apply. See Deposit Account Agreement (PDF) for details. Invoicing with Chase Business Complete Banking ® is not currently available for all merchants. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android and Google Play are trademarks of Google LLC. Merchant services are provided by Paymentech, LLC and/or other subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Chase Payment Solutions is a registered trademark of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. used by its subsidiaries in connection with the provision of merchant services. Business Checking Chase offers a variety of business checking accounts for small, mid-sized and large businesses. Compare our business checking solutions to help you find the right checking account for you. Business Loans Finance your small business with business loans from Chase. Find a variety of financing options including SBA loans , commercial financing and a business line of credit to invest in the future of your business. Business Credit Cards Find and apply for the Chase for Business credit card best suited for your business. Compare the benefits of Chase for Business credit cards . Payment Solutions Accept debit and credit cards with convenient payment solutions wherever you do business. Explore our point-of-sale systems , credit card terminals, invoicing solution and payment gateway . Read reviews from our merchants. Business Savings Chase offers a variety of business savings accounts including Total Savings, Premier Savings and a business CD . Compare savings accounts to help you find the right business savings account for you. Business Debit Cards A convenient way to pay and access ATMs – money is deducted right from your business checking account . Make deposits and withdrawals at the ATM with your business debit card . Commercial Banking Commercial Banking provides credit, financing, treasury and payment solutions tailored for large corporations , midsize businesses , startups in the innovation economy , and to domestic and international industry leaders. Business Services We’re here to help with your business banking needs . From payment processing to foreign exchange , Chase Business Banking has solutions and services that work for you. Retirement Plans Help your employees plan, save, and invest for their future with 401(k) plan solutions. J.P. Morgan’s low cost retirement plans are built for you and your employees. Facebook, Opens overlay Instagram, Opens overlay X, formerly Twitter, Opens overlay YouTube, Opens overlay LinkedIn, Opens overlay Pinterest, Opens overlay “Chase,” “JPMorgan,” “JPMorgan Chase,” the JPMorgan Chase logo and the Octagon Symbol are trademarks of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. About Chase J.P. Morgan JPMorganChase Media Center Careers Site Map Privacy Security Terms of Use Accessibility AdChoices , Opens overlay Give feedback Member FDIC Equal Housing Opportunity © 2025 JPMorgan Chase & Co.