Chatbase | AI Agents for Customer Service Chatbase.co Pricing Enterprise Resources Open navigation menu AI agents for magical customer experiences Chatbase is the complete platform for building & deploying AI support agents for your business. Build your agent CreditCardPlusIcon No credit card required Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Trusted by 10,000 + businesses worldwide Highlights The complete platform for AI support agents Chatbase is designed for building AI support agents that solve your customers' hardest problems while improving business outcomes. Purpose-built for LLMs Language models with reasoning capabilities for effective responses to complex queries. Designed for simplicity Create, manage, and deploy AI Agents easily, even without technical skills. Engineered for security Enjoy peace of mind with robust encryption and strict compliance standards. How it works An end-to-end solution for conversational AI With Chatbase, your customers can effortlessly find answers, resolve issues, and take meaningful actions through seamless and engaging AI-driven conversations. 01 . Build & deploy your agent Train an agent on your business data, configure the actions it can take, then deploy it for your customers. 02 . Agent solves your customers' problems 03 . Refine & optimize 04 . Route complex issues to a human 05 . Review analytics & insights Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Build & deploy your agent Train an agent on your business data, configure the actions it can take, then deploy it for your customers. Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Agent solves your customers' problems The agent will answer questions and access external systems to gather data and take actions. Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Refine & optimize This ensures your agent is improving over time. Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Route complex issues to a human Seamlessly escalate certain queries to human agents when the AI agent is unable to solve the problem or when issues require human review. Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Review analytics & insights Since the agent is talking with customers all day, it's able to gather important insights and analytics about your customers & business. Features Build the perfect customer-facing AI agent Chatbase gives you all the tools you need to train your perfect AI agent and connect it to your systems. Sync with real-time data Connect your agent to systems like order management tools, CRMs, and more to seamlessly access data ranging from order details to active subscriptions and beyond. Take actions on your systems Configure actions that your agent can perform within your systems or through one of our integrations, like updating a customer's subscription or changing their address. Compare AI models Experiment with various models and configurations to make sure you have the best setup for your use case. Smart escalation Give your agent instructions in natural language on when to escalate queries to a human agents. Advanced reporting Gain insights and optimize agent performance with detailed analytics. Works with your tools Integrate diverse data sources to enrich your agent's knowledge and capabilities. Make Zendesk Notion Slack Stripe Salesforce Cal.com Calendly WhatsApp Zapier Messenger Make Zendesk Notion Slack Stripe Salesforce Cal.com Calendly WhatsApp Zapier Messenger Works with your tools Integrate diverse data sources to enrich your agent's knowledge and capabilities. API APIs, client libraries, and components to deeply integrate support into your product. Whitelabel Remove any Chatbase branding from the chat widget. Always improving Syncs with your systems and learns from previous interactions. API APIs, client libraries, and components to deeply integrate support into your product. Whitelabel Remove any Chatbase branding from the chat widget. Always improving Syncs with your systems and learns from previous interactions. Explore Discover the Chatbase platform AiIcon Playground BarChartIcon Analytics Activity Sources GitCompareIcon Actions AiIcon Playground Benefits Works like the best customer service agents Chatbase is designed to work with your existing tools and workflows. Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Personalized answers Your agent knows the logged in user and can retrieve their information to provide personalized answers. Instant actions UserLoveHeartIcon Empathetic & on-brand Smart escalations Observability Your browser does not support the video tag. Please try viewing this page in a modern browser. Personalized answers Your agent knows the logged in user and can retrieve their information to provide personalized answers. Instant actions UserLoveHeartIcon Empathetic & on-brand Smart escalations Observability Advantages Unlock the power of AI-driven Agents Works across channels Easily integrate your AI Agent with various platforms like Slack, WhatsApp, Messenger, and web widgets, ensuring seamless functionality across all. Secure by default Your AI Agent ensures the utmost safety by refusing sensitive or unauthorized requests, keeping your data protected at all times. Enterprise quality guardrails AI-powered guardrails prevent misinformation and off-topic responses, maintaining professionalism and trust in every interaction. Handles unclear requests Your AI Agent adapts to modern conversational styles, making interactions feel natural and relatable, no matter the user’s tone or slang. Enhance multilingual support Engage users globally with seamless language detection and translation, providing real-time assistance in over 80+ languages. Arrow Arrow Works across channels Easily integrate your AI Agent with various platforms like Slack, WhatsApp, Messenger, and web widgets, ensuring seamless functionality across all. Secure by default Your AI Agent ensures the utmost safety by refusing sensitive or unauthorized requests, keeping your data protected at all times. Enterprise quality guardrails AI-powered guardrails prevent misinformation and off-topic responses, maintaining professionalism and trust in every interaction. Handles unclear requests Your AI Agent adapts to modern conversational styles, making interactions feel natural and relatable, no matter the user’s tone or slang. Enhance multilingual support Engage users globally with seamless language detection and translation, providing real-time assistance in over 80+ languages. Testimonials What people say With over 10,000 clients served, here's what they have to say " Chatbase is a strong signal of how customer support will evolve. It is an early adopter of the agentic approach, which will become increasingly effective, trusted, and prominent. " Marc Manara OpenAI " This is awesome, thanks for building it! " Logan Kilpatrick Google 10,000+ businesses trust Chatbase 140+ countries served " An overpowered tool built with the OP stack. " Greg Kogan Pinecone " Our chatbot has been great. Answers questions it knows, delegates to our talent when its stuck, knows how to push clients to the funnel. Chatbase is what we use, 10/10 recommend. " Martin Terskin OfferMarket " Chatbase is a strong signal of how customer support will evolve. It is an early adopter of the agentic approach, which will become increasingly effective, trusted, and prominent. " Marc Manara OpenAI " This is awesome, thanks for building it! " Logan Kilpatrick Google 10,000+ businesses trust Chatbase 140+ countries served " An overpowered tool built with the OP stack. " Greg Kogan Pinecone " Our chatbot has been great. Answers questions it knows, delegates to our talent when its stuck, knows how to push clients to the funnel. Chatbase is what we use, 10/10 recommend. " Martin Terskin OfferMarket " Chatbase is a strong signal of how customer support will evolve. It is an early adopter of the agentic approach, which will become increasingly effective, trusted, and prominent. " Marc Manara OpenAI " This is awesome, thanks for building it! " Logan Kilpatrick Google 10,000+ businesses trust Chatbase 140+ countries served " An overpowered tool built with the OP stack. " Greg Kogan Pinecone " Our chatbot has been great. Answers questions it knows, delegates to our talent when its stuck, knows how to push clients to the funnel. Chatbase is what we use, 10/10 recommend. " Martin Terskin OfferMarket Security Enterprise-grade security & privacy We take security and compliance seriously. Chatbase is SOC 2 Type II and GDPR compliant, trusted by thousands of businesses to build secure and compliant AI Agents. Your data stays yours Your data is only accessible to your AI agent and is never used to train models. Data encryption All data is encrypted at rest and in transit. We use industry-standard encryption algorithms. Secure integrations We use verified variables to ensure users can access only their own data in your systems. ShieldTickIcon Chatbase is committed to safeguarding your data. Learn more Learn more Make customer experience your competitive edge Use Chatbase to deliver exceptional support experiences that set you apart from the competition. Build your agent CreditCardPlusIcon No credit card required Chatbase.co © 2025 Chatbase, Inc. Contact YouTube Icon PRODUCT Customer Service Pricing Security Chatbase Experts Affiliates RESOURCES Contact us API Guide Blog Changelog COMPANY Careers Privacy policy Terms of service DPA Cookie policy Trust center Cookie preferences PRODUCT RESOURCES COMPANY Chatbase Logo