Chatwoot: The modern, open source, self-hosted customer support platform. Alternative to Intercom and Zendesk. Features Pricing Help Center Resources Sign in Sign up Open menu Introducing Captain, our AI agent The modern customer support tool for your business AI assistant, omnichannel support desk, knowledge base. Everything you need for seamless customer support, all in one place. Start your free trial Request a demo 4.5+ rating 25k stars Trusted by 15,000+ businesses AI powered Learn more Cut down on support questions with Captain, your AI assistant Captain is Chatwoot’s built-in AI agent that helps your agents work faster, respond smarter, and connect with customers in a more personal way. Every conversation flows better and gets resolved quicker. Hey, I need some help! Hello there, Captain on this side! How can I help you? Automate conversations with Captain Reduce support volume with our AI agent that learns from your help center, chats, and FAQs to answer common questions efficiently. Boost productivity with Captain Copilot With Copilot on your side, get smart answer suggestions, instant access to past conversations, and quick lookups from help articles. You Can you suggest a response? Co-Pilot The answer is me, Co-Pilot! I can provide smart answer suggestions, instant access to past conversations, and quick help-center look-ups. Use this Improve Translate Ask co-pilot... Speak your customer’s language Captain helps agents respond to customers in their native language, providing smooth translations so everyone feels understood. Captain helps agents respond to customers in their native language, providing smooth translations so everyone feels understood. Hello Bonjour Hey, I need some help! Hello there, Captain on this side! How can I help you? Automate conversations with Captain Reduce support volume with our AI agent that learns from your help center, chats, and FAQs to answer common questions efficiently. Boost productivity with Captain Copilot With Copilot on your side, get smart answer suggestions, instant access to past conversations, and quick lookups from help articles. Speak your customer’s language Captain helps agents respond to customers in their native language, providing smooth translations so everyone feels understood. Captain helps agents respond to customers in their native language, providing smooth translations so everyone feels understood. You Can you suggest a response? Co-Pilot The answer is me, Co-Pilot! I can provide smart answer suggestions, instant access to past conversations, and quick help-center look-ups. Use this Improve Translate Ask co-pilot... You Can you suggest a response? Co-Pilot The answer is me, Co-Pilot! I can provide smart answer suggestions, instant access to past conversations, and quick help-center look-ups. Use this Improve Translate Ask co-pilot... Speak your customer’s language Captain helps agents respond to customers in their native language, providing smooth translations so everyone feels understood. Captain helps agents respond to customers in their native language, providing smooth translations so everyone feels understood. With a significant portion of our sales happening through chat, if our core customer support platform isn’t accessible, it’s a crisis. Chatwoot has been essential in ensuring this critical system remains dependable and central to our customer operations. Prateek Jogani, Co-founder & CTO, FairDee Read the case study Omni-channel support desk Keep all your customer conversations in one place Chatwoot lets you support customers across your website, email, social media and messaging platforms like Facebook, Instagram, Telegram, Line etc — all from one place. Create a live chat widget that fits your brand Customize colors, language, text, and design to fit your brand effortlessly. Engage with customers in a way that feels authentic. Engage with your customers on WhatsApp Send rich content messages, share updates, and build more personal connections effortlessly. Solve custom use cases with our API Extend Chatwoot with custom integrations. Use our developer APIs to build solutions that fit your specific support needs. Hello there. How can we help you? Search our Help Center Live chat settings Installing live chat enable identity validation Email john.doe@workmail.com Phone +1 (555) 555-5555 View chat history Chat with us Theme color 2781F6 Build custom solutions Extend Chatwoot Create a live chat widget that fits your brand Customize colors, language, text, and design to fit your brand effortlessly. Engage with customers in a way that feels authentic. Solve custom use cases with our API Extend Chatwoot with custom integrations. Use our developer APIs to build solutions that fit your specific support needs. Engage with your customers on WhatsApp Send rich content messages, share updates, and build more personal connections effortlessly. Hello there. How can we help you? Search our Help Center Live chat settings Installing live chat enable identity validation Email john.doe@workmail.com Phone +1 (555) 555-5555 View chat history Chat with us Theme color 2781F6 Create a live chat widget that fits your brand Customize colors, language, text, and design to fit your brand effortlessly. Engage with customers in a way that feels authentic. Hello there. How can we help you? Search our Help Center Live chat settings Installing live chat enable identity validation Email john.doe@workmail.com Phone +1 (555) 555-5555 View chat history Chat with us Theme color 2781F6 Engage with your customers on WhatsApp Send rich content messages, share updates, and build more personal connections effortlessly. Solve custom use cases with our API Extend Chatwoot with custom integrations. Use our developer APIs to build solutions that fit your specific support needs. Chatwoot has transformed the way we engage with our customers. It’s omni-channel feature allows us to manage conversations simultaneously across multiple channels. I’ve used Chatwoot at my previous companies and continue to rely on it today at Converso. After years as a happy customer, I can confidently say it’s an indispensable tool for any customer-focused business. Ariel Lambrecht, Founder of 99 - Brazil's first unicorn  and Converso Knowledge base Deliver smooth self-service experiences with our Help Center Help customers find answers fast with a flexible, easy-to-use knowledge base. Customize it to match your brand and give them a smooth 24x7 self-service experience. Personalise content for every customer segment Write personalised content to each segment of your customers. Whether you manage multiple brands, or products create dedicated portals for each and manage them all from one dashboard. Portals Create and manage multiple portals New portal The ice cream shop chatwoot.help/handbook The Burger gang chatwoot.help/user-guide User Guide chatwoot.help/user-guide Improve content discovery with AI powered search Easily find content with our AI-powered search, built for natural, conversational queries. Deliver quick, relevant answers for a delightful customer experience. custom domain Get SSL certificate for your custom domain We provide SSL certificates for all cloud customers who set up a custom domain for their portal. Secure access is guaranteed. Setting up a custom domain for your portal Follow a few easy steps. Start with filling in your custom domain name, then point it to chatwoot.help. Open your name server. Categories 6 articles Keep your articles grouped and organized English (en-US) All locales supported Write rich content with video links and metadata Chatwoot Website Select a live chat widget for your help center https://www.docs.yourdomain.com Get your auto-generated SSL certificate Super impressed with @chatwootapp - another open source win. The out of the box help center/docs is clean. I should publicly state - We love woot. The experience is great! Aron Wagner, CEO, American Cloud Secure, extensible, open-source Proudly open source - host on your own infrastructure and own your data Open-source, self-hosted Host Chatwoot on your own server. Own your customer data and stay fully compliant with regulatory standards. Find us on GitHub 25k Stars on Github 300+ Contributors Secure personnel Secure development Secure testing Cloud security SOC 2 Type II compliant With strict protocols in place, you can trust us to protect your information with confidence. Read more Secure personnel Secure development Secure testing Cloud security SOC 2 Type II compliant With strict protocols in place, you can trust us to protect your information with confidence. Read more Footer The modern, open source, self-hosted customer support platform. An alternative to Intercom and Zendesk. Github Discord Linkedin Youtube Facebook Instagram Backed By Product Features Integrations Mobile Apps Changelog User guide Company Team Careers Blog Handbook Resources Self Hosted Chatwoot Product Documentation API Documentation Contribution guide © 2025 Chatwoot Inc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Security Terms of service Let Chatwoot manage your agents’ workload Track your agents’ performance, with auto-updating reports Track and trace account activities with ease Work smarter with Automations Perform key actions on multiple conversations at once Let customers know you’re not available to answer their questions Super quick responses to customer conversations. Super productive agents. ⌘ + K your way into productivity Note down important info about your contacts Organize your contacts into segments Get detailed insights into your conversations Send and track Customer Satisfaction surveys on autopilot Manage your email customer interactions from Chatwoot Stay connected with your customers on Facebook Get insights into your inboxes, with auto-updating reports Stay connected with your customers on Instagram Master Chatwoot with Keyboard Shortcuts Your conversations’ health report, filtered by labels Easily organize your conversations with labels Manage your Line customer interactions from Chatwoot View the status of your conversations and agents in real-time User context on your fingertips, faster resolutions Work together with your team to solve customer queries Slack x Chatwoot: for a super productive you. Manage your SMS customer interactions from Chatwoot Track how each of your teams is performing, with auto-updating reports Organize your agents into teams Manage your Telegram customer interactions from Chatwoot Manage your Twitter interactions from Chatwoot Communicate with your customers on WhatsApp, hassle-free.