Free Chat Rooms For Everyone - #1 Chat Avenue Free chat rooms: Chat online with adult, gay, lesbian, teen, singles, cams and more Start a live free chat online with thousands of other people from all over the world in one of our communities.  All chat rooms are simple and easy to use with no registration.  They include the latest in live text, audio, and video technology.  Participate in public group chats or private conversations using standard text messaging. Cam streaming functions and other exclusive features are also available.  Chat about anything you want with friends or random strangers and engage in a variety of topics and discussions.  All gender or races are welcome to join.  Age restrictions do apply to certain rooms. Begin by selecting any of our free online chat rooms from the categories below: college chat adult chat singles chat dating chat general chat teen chat kids chat gay chat girls chat live chat video chat sports chat music chat lesbian chat video games chat boys chat Video Chat With Girls mobile chat cam chat Chatroulette With Girls Why do people use online chat rooms? People use them to make friends, share our experiences with total random strangers, feel secure interacting online from our homes, and sometimes just out of boredom.  Our community is open everyday with thousands of online users ready to connect with each other in a fun and safe way.  We have a simple and easy to use interface.  There is no registration or sign up required and you do not need to have a webcam or audio speakers to take part.  We support all mobile, tablet and desktop devices and have no downloads.  100% free. A variety of free chat categories and topics to choose from Suitable for everyone including adult, teens, boys, girls, youths, single, gay, or lesbian users.  All chatroom users must be at least 13 years of age or older and chat rooms will have specified age restrictions indicated.  Talk with strangers or friends about any topic that is on your mind or which interests you.  Adult, gay and teen users of any race, gender, lifestyle or sexual orientation are welcome to join our community.  We also offer topic specific communities such as music, college, dating, video games and sports.  Please find the proper community chatroom for you.  A good start would be our free chat room where you can choose random topics. Full features and options We have chat software with many features and options.  Some of our features include a gifting system, games, and full profile settings to set your mood, profile and brief details about yourself.  Also, you can create a friends list to keep track of people you connect with and a wall system to share your memorable moments with them.  Other features include voice memos for others, share images public or privately, listening to music while you are chatting, and much more through our VIP option.  We support video web cams and audio chatting with voice memos in several of our rooms.  If you prefer to have one to one random live video (webcam) and audio chats with strangers, please use our cam chat rooms. Trusted website with chat rooms that keep safety and privacy a priority In the online world we live in today, it is important to protect your privacy and keep safe. This website has been in operation for greater than 25 years and our staff is trusted with helping to protect your safety and privacy. Our communities enlist moderators to keep your visit clean, safe, relaxing and fun. To help make sure community standards are upheld, please follow all the rules of each specific room. We have a large number of active moderators for each chat room community to make a safe environment for all. Full reporting system is integrated into our software, as well as utilizing artificial intelligence (AI) as part of our moderation tools.  We also work with law enforcement agencies around the world reporting troublesome users and keeping our community safe.  Please read the terms and conditions set forth on this website and contact us if you have any further questions. Report any problems or issues to an administrator or moderator directly through our platform. Only a small amount of information is needed when starting a chat session.  We respect everyone's privacy and will never share your personal information with anyone except when legally required. #1 Chat Avenue © 1999 - 2025 About Us Forums Blog Guide Privacy Policy Contact Us