ChatBro - web site chat synchronized with Telegram/VK Navigation Français Deutsch Dansk Español Türkçe Português Română Татарча Русский Български زبان فارسی العربية Indonesia Українська Add ChatBro ChatBro Online: Messages: Français Deutsch Dansk Español Türkçe Português Română Татарча Русский Български زبان فارسی العربية Indonesia Українська Add FAQ Plans Log in to ChatBro Google Telegram VK Sign in Log in to ChatBro Google Telegram VK A messenger for your website ChatBro is a web-based messenger that can be synchronized with Telegram and VK. Customize ChatBro's design using a web constructor to match your website's style. Create a chat Create a chat Plugins: WordPress Opencart Joomla Drupal Easy creation and integration A web-based constructor for effortless chat configuration. Synchronization and Indexing Synchronize your website chat with Telegram/VK chats and enable indexing by search engines. Attachments Files uploading. Photos and videos unfolding. Various authentication methods Authentication via your site, social networks, guests. Flexible moderation Assignable moderators and powerful server-side message filtering function. Fast and optimized Optimized for mobile devices. No delay on your website. Every chat is horizontally scaled with Geo DNS. Live examples Previous Next Shop Assist your clients by answering their questions.. Game Allow gamers to communicate and share their achievements. Blog Generate unique thematic content for your website. Support Help your clients if they have questions. Example of a web chat constructor Chat preview Desktop view | Mobile Main properties Language Auto Auto English English RTL Français Deutsch Dansk Português Español Türkçe Română Татарча Русский Български العربية زبان فارسی Indonesia Українська Help to translate .chatbro.com Restrictions Message processing and user restrictions Message processing Add your server side javascript function to post process all messages. Prevent dupplicates, bad words. Change affiliate links and so on. Warn or ban message author automatically. Edit function Your function Example close Example | Documentation Create your own chat to edit filter function Save Save and close Close Restrictions Sending messages Allow only for Admin Files upload Editing own messages Deleting own messages Implement a message sending frequency limit. Administrators and moderators will always enjoy uninterrupted messaging without any delays. Slow mode sending Delay for all users (sec) For guest For social user (telegram, vk, facebook, google) For site user (login via site) For Patron Default view Customizing the appearance of chat and messages Layout Type Movable Movable You can freely change the position of the chat on the page. Static The chat is embedding into div container on page. If the container is not found, it will be added next to the embed code, if it's possible, or at the end of the document. Div's id Add to html code: The chat will appear in this div. The container div will be generated automatically. However, it's advised to avoid this option as it could potentially disrupt the layout of your website. First load state Maximized Maximized Minimized By default, the movable chat appears minimized on the phone with any "First load state" setting. This option will help to avoid this. Ignore mobile state The chat retains its own configuration (position, status, size) and can restore it when the page is reloaded. This setting is not used in the chat editor for ease of setup. Restore chat geometry Chat in maximized state The minimum height for the chat is 238 pixels, while the minimum width is 290 pixels with avatars enabled, and 250 pixels without avatars. You have the flexibility to use different units for specifying sizes. Height Width Border-radius Top: Left Right Bottom: Left Right Indents Top and left indentations will take precedence over the bottom and right indentations. Top Left Bottom Right Show chat border Show Chat Shadow Enable Resizing Enable Minimization Show participant count Chat in minimized State Indents The right indentation will take precedence over the left indentation. Right Left Bottom Title Icon — — Position Bottom Bottom Left Right Border radius of minimized chat Show participant count Messages Font Size of Messages (in pixels) Bold font weight Show users avatars Avatar's border radius Show date of message Show border between messages Enable full-screen image viewing. Alternatively, images will open in a new tab. Show image links only instead of images Notification for new messages in browser tab Highlighting Replies Simple replies Simple replies will be without message quoting. Profile Link Admin link profile Admin avatar Allow admin custom nickname Nickname Moderators privacy settings are located on the moderator list page. Chat menu Plan block, Patron block, Custom links, Copyright Plan block All elements of this block will be visible on the Basic plan or if there is a lack of funds on the balance. Only administrator see this block. Hide plan name. Hide time of approx work of current plan. Hide plan description and alerts (for example, about the lack of funds on the balance). Patrons block All elements of this block will be visible on the Basic plan or if there is a lack of funds on the balance. Hide block Custom links Delete Add new link Copyright block Disable copyright info Leaving active the block with a link to chatbro.com in the chat menu, you help the development of the project. Colors Customizing the Chat Color Palette Background Text color Head Body Input Links Admin Moder Colored usernames On-the-fly creation Automatic creation of the same type of chats For instance, if you require distinct chats for various pages of your website, or if you operate a video hosting platform and desire separate chats for each video, you can effortlessly generate such chats using the dynamic chats feature. This chat will serve as the parent, from which the dynamic chats will inherit all settings. Check out detailed explanation Enable dynamic chats Copy Automatically create forum topics for Telegram supergroups, streamlining the synchronization of web chats with Telegram. The Telegram topic will be generated automatically upon the first message sent in the dynamic web chat. Refer to the docs for detailed instructions on correctly configuring synchronization. Telegram topics Users authentication Single Sign-On, Internal login methods, Custom login link Single Sign-On Enables you to set up authorization in a chat, allowing the utilization of the site's user information, such as nickname, avatar, and profile path. It is advisable to deactivate this option if you are not use the login via the site. Single Sign-On Detail information about SSO . Auto login When authorization parameters are provided, the user will be automatically authenticated. If this option is deactivated, the user will have the choice among all available authorization methods. Spoofing protection Your secret key: ***************** If you want the user to enter the chat through your site with an avatar and nickname, pass parameter signature , calculated on server side as: md5(siteDomain + siteUserExternalId + siteUserFullName + siteUserAvatarUrl + siteUserProfileUrl + siteUserFullNameColor + permissions + secretKey) If desired, you can omit the login parameters like this: md5(siteDomain + secretKey) More information about spoofing protection. Display the chat By enabling this option, the chat will still appear on the page even if an incorrect signature is provided. Disabling this option would prevent the chat from being shown in the event of an invalid signature, restricting its usage to a specific domain. Use existing plugin WordPress Opencart Joomla Drupal Internal methods Anonymous with temporary name VK Telegram Google Irrespective of the available authorization methods, administrators and moderators of the chat will always have the ability to send messages. If you're unable to log in to the chat as an administrator due to the disabled method, you can simply sign in on chatbro.com. Custom login link Additionally, you can incorporate your own login link. This can prove useful when integrating a chat into a website. Messengers to sync with Synchronization and bot management List of synced chats Chat is not synchronized yet. How it works Chatbro offers seamless synchronization between your web chats and VK or Telegram groups, supergroups and channels. By default, we employ our dedicated bot to fulfill this purpose. However, if you wish to personalize your synchronization bot to align with the theme of your group, you have the option to create and integrate your own bot into our platform. It will operate in a similar fashion to our bot. Our bots: Telegram - @ChatbroBot Add the bot to the desired chat in the messenger and follow the instructions. Custom bots: Telegram VK Search engine indexing Chat history management How it's works History page contains paginator which divides content into pages approximately 2000 symbols each. Search engines will index every page and bring new visitors to you! Place at your domain You can disable the chat history page at our domain and configure yours. History div id Add to html code: Chat history will appear in this div. Configure your URL router to forward all requests like yoursite.com/chat_history/\* to the page with this code Copy Use existing plugin WordPress Opencart Joomla Drupal Website chat synchronized with Telegram group chat Chatbro offers seamless synchronization between your web chats and VK or Telegram groups, supergroups and channels. By default, we employ our dedicated bot to fulfill this purpose. However, if you wish to personalize your synchronization bot to align with the theme of your group, you have the option to create and integrate your own bot into our platform. It will operate in a similar fashion to our bot. Our bots Telegram Custom bots Telegram VK How to install the chat on the website Use existing chatbro plugin: WordPress Opencart Joomla Drupal with Web constructor Create chats on-the-fly Chatting with operators causes less confidence Product reviews one of the most motivating factor. People communicate in multi-user chat and see admins reaction realizing that the site service is functional and adequate. Moreover administrators can chat with anybody in private later. Increased search traffic and average time spent on the website The chat history consists of unique text on your subject. Search engines index it and provide target traffic. If you are the first one submitted unique content to the search engine, and the content matches a rare user query, you will hold the first position on this query. If the popular resource for traders TradingView had nothing but currency diagrams it would be much duller. The same can be said about gaining popularity TrollBox. Unlike forum, chat provokes users to ask more questions because they do not have to register and can get the answer sooner. If you have any questions Resources Documentation FAQ Contacts Support Support News ChatBro.com © 2025 rev 2025-03-20 6:58:59 English Français Deutsch Dansk Español Türkçe Português Română Татарча Русский Български زبان فارسی العربية Indonesia Українська Add Contacts CMS WordPress Opencart Joomla Drupal Documentation FAQ Prices Affiliate program Terms of service Privacy Policy Refund policy