Check server
: Check host - online website monitoring Loading IP address geographic location... Offshore Cloud Services About check-host.net Check-Host.net is an online tool for checking availability of websites, servers, hosts and IP addresses. It provides domain and IP address location data from a few geolocation IP databases and whois as well. IP Info helps to know geolocation data of IP address or hostname: country, region, city, ZIP/postal code, time zone, local time, IP range, ISP, organization. Ping allows to test the reachability of a host, to measure network latency and packets loss from different servers in the world. HTTP is for checking website's response performance and availability from many countries and datacenters. DNS is for retrieving A, AAAA and PTR records with TTL (time-to-live) from nameservers around the world for checking updates on DNS servers. TCP port checks the possibility of a TCP connection to host's specified port. UDP port checks the possibility of a communication over UDP protocol using host's specified port. Subnet calculator converts IP address range to CIDR (Classless Inter-Domain Routing) and vice versa - CIDR to IP address range. Live server terminal is a real server (Linux or Windows) with enabled network with an access over web for diagnostic or testing purposes. API - documentation for API to build own monitoring solution FAQ - answers to questions about the website usage and options. Latest news 06.10.2025 Dark theme support 23.12.2024 New article "How to choose a hosting provider: a detailed guide" 21.10.2024 CloudFlare CDN geolocation information for "IP info" page for your IP address . See how your location looks like for websites behind CloudFlare CDN (based on CloudFlare's CF-IPCountry header): https://check-host.net/me 12.04.2024 New useful free tool: Live server terminal , for diagnostic and testing purposes. Demo video Sorry, your browser does not support embedded videos, you can download it 08.12.2023 New article "Am I under DDoS attack?" 10.09.2023 Web design for the website is responsive now IP info Ping HTTP TCP port UDP port DNS News FAQ Articles API Terminal Contacts Check-Host.net © 2010-2025