skip navigation 
Product
Chef Platform

Unify infrastructure, compliance, orchestration and more on one single platform.

Explore the Platform
Capabilities
Infrastructure Management
Compliance Management
Job Orchestration
Node Management
Application Delivery
Cloud Security
Solutions
Patch Management
Zero Trust Security
Cloud-Native App Delivery
SaaS Deployment of Chef Products
Agentless Automation
Edge Management
All Solutions
Resources
Downloads
Documentation
Online Courses
Customer Validation Program
Blog
Webinars
Customer Success
Resource Library
Trust Center
Support
Training
Support
Professional Services
Developer Community
Partners
Find a Partner
Become a Partner
Partner Login
Deal Registration
Pricing
 Search
 User
My Account
Hosted Chef Console
My Downloads
SupportLink
Contact Us Request a Trial
Smarter Infrastructure Starts Here

Combine the ease of ClickOps with the flexibility of Policy-as-Code to orchestrate all your infrastructure operations.

Free Trial
Request a Demo
     
Helping Every Enterprise Achieve More

Optimize every stage of your DevOps pipeline from configuration and compliance to collaboration, gaining success with scale.

45%
Reduced Annual Storage Costs
81%
Improved Speed of Application Releases
$ 3M
Cost Savings Related to Chef Implementation
61%
More Efficient Application Deployment
47%
More Efficient DevOps and DeveloperTeams
Scalable, Flexible and Secure: The Progress® Chef® 360™ Platform

Automate and orchestrate operational workflows with a secure, UI-based, enterprise-grade platform. Bridge DevOps phases seamlessly using robust integrations while you scale across cloud and on-prem environments.

Configure Audit Orchestrate Scale Accelerate
Pre-defined Templates
Design workflows for incidents, certificate rotation and other planned or ad hoc events.
Explore the Platform
Infrastructure Management
Empower standardized infrastructure configurations that are scalable and repeatable across the enterprise.
Explore the Platform
Continuous Compliance
Run compliance audits on schedule or on demand with standards-based content.
Explore the Platform
Workflow Orchestration
Orchestrate disparate DevOps tools and workflows from a single control plane.
Explore the Platform
Environment Agnostic
Execute jobs on any node, across cloud, on-prem, hybrid or air-gapped setups at scale.
Explore the Platform
Pre-defined Templates
Design workflows for incidents, certificate rotation and other planned or ad hoc events.
Explore the Platform
Infrastructure Management
Empower standardized infrastructure configurations that are scalable and repeatable across the enterprise.
Explore the Platform
Latest from Chef
Report
Unock $22M in annual benefits: Read the IDC report on Progress Chef 360
Webinar
Progresss Chef Quarterly Product Update
Video
Explore the Progress Chef Platform
Why Chef?
15+
Years of DevOps Expertise
Accelerated Outcomes with Automated Workflows
Democratize DevOps with ClickOps
62%
Reduced Configuration Errors
Extend Automation with Agentless Execution
60%
More Efficient Infrastructure Configuration Staff
Deploy Anywhere, Anytime
Stay Compliant, Stay Confident

*Chef is now available as SaaS, on-prem, and via marketplaces like AWS and Azure

“We need a fully automated build-and-converge system like Chef that can verify that everything is in place the way it should be….”

Brian O'Connell

Senior Technical Staff Member, IBM

“For us, the reason that Chef was so attractive was its incredible flexibility.”

Phil Dibowitz

Production Engineer, Meta

“The Chef development stack integrates so much better than any other technology, and it's all in house.”

Tim Odom

Senior Site Reliability Manager, iManage

“We need a fully automated build-and-converge system like Chef that can verify that everything is in place the way it should be….”

Brian O'Connell

Senior Technical Staff Member, IBM

“For us, the reason that Chef was so attractive was its incredible flexibility.”

Phil Dibowitz

Production Engineer, Meta

LearnChef: Learn It the Right Way!

Master Chef automation and infrastructure management with our expert-led courses and hands-on labs exploring real-world scenarios. Get started with free introductory classes, validate your expertise with certifications, graduate to self-paced learning paths or get trained by SMEs.

Get Started Right Away
Resources
 Report
 
Chef leads to savings of $9.7M from improved DevOps operations
 Video
 
Harness the Power of Chef to Seamlessly Orchestrate Your DevSecOps Workflows
 Webinar
 
Chef Masterclass: Introduction on Chef-client

Blogs

Find how-to articles, expert insights and read the latest news and trends.

Webinars

Join live sessions to learn, ask and automate smarter

Whitepapers

Uncover strategic insights, proven practices for transforming your DevSecOps journey.

Videos

Watch Chef in action - Intros, Demos, How-tos and more.

Customer Stories

See how leading enterprises use Chef to solve real-world challenges.

Documentation

Explore the Chef product documentation.

Get Started Today

No matter where you are on your DevOps journey, we have a solution for you.

Free Trial Request a Demo
Company
Blog
About Progress
Leadership
Customer Stories
Press Coverage
Press Releases
Events
Careers
Contact Us
Using Chef
LearnChef
Docs
Webinars
Forums
Training
Security
Contributing to Chef
Code of Conduct
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Online Master License and Services Agreement
Trademark Policy
3rd Party Software Licenses
Cookie Policy
Connect with us
Contact Us
           

Chef is part of the Progress product portfolio. Progress is the leading provider of application development and digital experience technologies.

About Us Awards Press Releases Media Coverage Careers Offices

Copyright © 2025 Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Progress and certain product names used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. See Trademarks for appropriate markings. All rights in any other trademarks contained herein are reserved by their respective owners and their inclusion does not imply an endorsement, affiliation, or sponsorship as between Progress and the respective owners.

Security Center
License Agreement

Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

Powered by Progress Sitefinity