Chevron Corporation - Human Energy  — Chevron skip to main content open menu open search close menu who we are what we do sustainability investors newsroom careers open search first oil at new platform in Angola The South N’dola platform in Angola achieved first oil, using existing infrastructure that helped reduce operating costs. learn more chevron investor day On November 12, 2025, Chevron shared its latest strategic and financial updates with the investment community. Explore the presentations, executive insights, and video highlights that shaped the day. learn more chevron’s strategic impact in the permian basin Chevron’s scale, technologies and capital discipline in the Permian Basin are set to deliver leading returns for years to come. learn more technology driving the future of energy exploration AI and advanced technologies are transforming how we explore, produce, and deliver energy. learn more more with less We've reached first oil at our Ballymore subsea tieback in the Gulf of America–showcasing how we're leveraging technology and driving efficiencies to deliver affordable, reliable energy production. read the press release unlocking growth in the gulf We’re expanding operations in the Gulf of America, with a goal to produce 300,000 net barrels of oil-equivalent per day in 2026. learn more play pause video who we are critical thinkers collaborators innovators we believe that humanity can solve any challenge. that our greatest resource is our people. and that responsibility, trust and integrity will help us drive a prosperous future. discover who we are what we do energy that fuels the world We’re working to deliver the energy needed today. To lower the carbon intensity of our operations. And to build the lower carbon energy system of tomorrow. see our solutions lower carbon solutions carbon capture and storage Chevron is working to develop and deploy CCUS technologies in locations across the globe. learn about CCS newsroom latest at chevron December 29, 2025 first oil at new platform is major milestone for chevron in Angola read article November 18, 2025 supporting STEM education in new mexico read article November 12, 2025 frontline innovations drive business solutions read article November 12, 2025 how APOLO helps chevron pinpoint prime drilling locations read article November 12, 2025 a smarter way to prospect for oil and gas read article November 12, 2025 from service to solutions: veterans solve problems, innovate in upstream operations read article close subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates. sign up now Chevron has always put people at the center of the energy conversation. Because we understand that the well-being of people everywhere depends on energy. Energy that is affordable, reliable and ever-cleaner. subscribe to our newsletter get to know us who we are our leadership what we do our brands technology and innovation sustainability chevron around the world investor relations latest at chevron newsroom investors events and presentations financial information stock information technology ventures future of energy carbon capture and storage energy in progress new energies methane management popular links credit and gift cards chevron texaco rewards careers contact us find a service station site map accessibility terms of use privacy cookie settings (do not sell/share information) cookie statement United States © 2001 – 2025 Chevron Corporation. All rights reserved.