skip to main content
who we are
what we do
sustainability
investors
newsroom
careers
open search
first oil at new platform in Angola
The South N’dola platform in Angola achieved first oil, using existing infrastructure that helped reduce operating costs.

 learn more

pause
video
 

who we are

critical thinkers
collaborators
innovators

 
we believe that humanity can solve
any challenge. that our greatest
resource is our people. and that
responsibility, trust and integrity will
help us drive a prosperous future.
 discover who we are

what we do

energy that fuels the world
We’re working to deliver the energy needed today. To lower the carbon intensity of our operations. And to build the lower carbon energy system of tomorrow.
 see our solutions
lower carbon solutions
carbon capture and storage
Chevron is working to develop and deploy CCUS technologies in locations across the globe.
 learn about CCS

newsroom

latest at chevron

December 29, 2025

first oil at new platform is major milestone for chevron in Angola

 read article

November 18, 2025

supporting STEM education in new mexico

 read article

November 12, 2025

frontline innovations drive business solutions

 read article

November 12, 2025

how APOLO helps chevron pinpoint prime drilling locations

 read article

November 12, 2025

a smarter way to prospect for oil and gas

 read article

November 12, 2025

from service to solutions: veterans solve problems, innovate in upstream operations

 read article

Chevron has always put people at the center of the energy conversation. Because we understand that the well-being of people everywhere depends on energy. Energy that is affordable, reliable and ever-cleaner.

 subscribe to our newsletter
get to know us
who we are
our leadership
what we do
our brands
technology and innovation
sustainability
chevron around the world
investor relations
latest at chevron
newsroom
investors events and presentations
financial information
stock information
technology ventures
future of energy
carbon capture and storage
energy in progress
new energies
methane management
popular links
credit and gift cards
chevron texaco rewards
careers
contact us
find a service station
site map
accessibility
terms of use
privacy
cookie settings (do not sell/share information)
cookie statement
 South Korea

© 2001 – 2025 Chevron Corporation. All rights reserved.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Our websites require some cookies to function properly ("Strictly Necessary"). In addition, we use our own and third-party cookies and similar technologies to analyze site usage, improve and personalize the user experience, and for advertising. For more information, please review the "Manage Cookie Preferences" link. We and certain Chevron authorized partners may also use these cookies to advertise to you based on your personal information obtained from your activity across various websites. This activity may qualify as "sharing" or “targeted advertising” under certain U.S. state consumer privacy laws, which provide those state residents with the right to opt out of such activities. By selecting "Reject optional cookies", you can request to opt out of the “sharing” of your personal information for purposes of targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising. For more information, please review Chevron's U.S. Consumer Privacy Statement
Manage Cookie Preferences Reject optional cookies Accept optional Cookies