Chicago Reader Donate today! Close Newsletters Donate Search for: Search BEST OF CHICAGO NEWS CITY LIFE MUSIC Open dropdown menu Early Warnings Secret History of Chicago Music VISUAL ARTS PERFORMING ARTS BOOKS FILM & TV FOOD & DRINK ABOUT Open dropdown menu Contact us Ways to give Find a print copy Reader Store Classifieds Print subscriptions ADVERTISE Close Skip to content Chicago Reader Chicago’s alternative nonprofit newsroom Newsletters Donate Donate Menu BEST OF CHICAGO NEWS CITY LIFE MUSIC Open dropdown menu Early Warnings Secret History of Chicago Music VISUAL ARTS PERFORMING ARTS BOOKS FILM & TV FOOD & DRINK ABOUT Open dropdown menu Contact us Ways to give Find a print copy Reader Store Classifieds Print subscriptions ADVERTISE Open Search Search for: Search 🗞 Get the latest issue 🎸 Never miss a show: Sign up for Early Warnings 💛 Support the Reader ! 🗓️ Community calendar 🏆 Contests & giveaways Annie at Music Theater Works offers a sunny end to a hard-knock year The musical’s awash in nostalgia, but sometimes you’ve gotta give ’em hope. by Kerry Reid December 22, 2025 December 22, 2025 PERFORMING ARTS Theater Preview New year, new voices Pegasus Theatre Chicago’s Young Playwrights Festival returns for its 39th outing. by Kerry Reid December 24, 2025 December 29, 2025 Ghost Light A cure for doomscrolling Chicago theaters offered communal respite, rage, and reflection in a year that was a lot harder than most. by Kerry Reid December 22, 2025 December 24, 2025 Theater Review Runway drama Madie Doppelt’s The Model Play takes a sharp look at young women in the fashion industry. by Kimzyn Campbell December 17, 2025 December 17, 2025 Latest Stories Monday Night Foodball Outrage your favorite Philadelphians when Morgan Street Snacks returns to the next Monday Night Foodball Check out Ryan Cofrancesco’s cheesesteak heresy at the Reader ’s weekly chef pop-up at Thattu. by Mike Sula December 30, 2025 December 30, 2025 Movie Review Review: Marty Supreme Josh Safdie’s Marty Supreme , starring Timothy Chalamet, exhibits the risks of pursuing an ambitious American dream. by Maxwell Rabb December 30, 2025 Food & Drink Feature Step into Chloe Gould’s Bronzeville home at DixiePura Kitchen Inspired by her grandmother, Gould cooks American southern–southeast Asian cuisine while giving back to her community. by Mary Ellen Ritter December 29, 2025 Movie Review Review: Is This Thing On? Is This Thing On? shows growth for Bradley Cooper as a director, but the film struggles to extract something genuine. by Maxwell Rabb December 29, 2025 Movie Review Review: Ella McKay Ella McKay is a bewildering patchwork film fueled by discordant storylines. by Maxwell Rabb December 28, 2025 The Secret History of Chicago Music Kitty Haywood’s voice helped shape Chicago music for decades She and her sisters sang on countless songs and jingles, including some of the greatest albums the city ever produced—and one hit of their own. by Steve Krakow December 27, 2025 December 27, 2025 Get the latest issue of the Chicago Reader Credit: Design by Kirk Williamson View/Download the PDF Read the Issue Find a print copy of the Reader. Art Feature The legacy of America’s traqueros A National Museum of Mexican Art exhibition highlights the little-known history of Mexican railroad workers. by Coco Picard Chicagoans of Note Hannah Sandoz, DIY touring musician “I’ve started managing my artist act as a business through things like tour managing and online daily content creation.” by Devyn-Marshall Brown (DMB) Staff notes The Reader is going monthly We’ll return to print in early February 2026 shiny, thicc—and free and freaky as always. by Micco Caporale Food & Drink Feature Bier Omakase is the social lubricant beer drinkers need right now Jenny Pfäfflin and Shana Solarte’s sudsy storytelling series is restoring connection and conversation to the craft beer scene. by Mike Sula City of Win Fred Hampton Jr. keeps the revolution alive in Chicago’s music scene Through the Black Panther Party Cubs and the Hampton House, he builds on his father’s linkage of art and activism. by Joshua Eferighe News & Politics ‘An impossible situation’ Beginning January 1, the City of Chicago will ban unhoused people on the sex offense registry from seeking shelter on public buses and trains. by Shawn Mulcahy Greg Bovino is back Plus: city budget negotiations come down to the wire and the chief judge’s plan to “humanize” Cook County’s youth jail. by Shawn Mulcahy Droning on Chicagoland law enforcement agencies fly surveillance drones outside the public eye. by Shawn Mulcahy Music Resurrected Chicago indie rockers Sybris are an even better band now Sun 12/28 at Empty Bottle by Monica Kendrick Fountains of Wayne honor the legacy of Adam Schlesinger on New Year’s Eve Wed 12/31 at the Vic by Joshua Minsoo Kim Gosh Diggity ring in 2026 with pop-punk jangling and chiptune melodies Wed 12/31 at Burlington Bar by Micco Caporale Film & TV Review: Bring Them Home Bring Them Home , narrated beautifully by Lily Gladstone, documents the return of the iiníí, or buffalo, to Blackfeet Nation land. by Rob Silverman Ascher Chicago Film Archives has preserved and digitized Bill Stamets’s Super 8 films Stamets is a local filmmaker and cultural anthropologist who made dozens of home-movie-style videos capturing Chicago history. by Harrison Knight Review: Dust Bunny Dust Bunny fails to walk the tightrope between horror and sentimentality. by Maxwell Rabb Theater, dance, comedy How to make a talk show Going behind the scenes with The Not That Late Show by Jonah Nink High-flying holidays Celebrating the season with ʼTwas the Night Before . . . and Cirque du Soleil by Kimzyn Campbell Holmes for the holiday Sherlock Holmes and the Christmas Clowns is a bite-size piece of holiday fluff. by Kerry Reid Visual Arts, books The legacy of America’s traqueros A National Museum of Mexican Art exhibition highlights the little-known history of Mexican railroad workers. by Coco Picard Nightclubbing With “Fruity Night,” two artists explore the trappings of queer nightlife. by Lori Waxman CITY LIFE The Reader is going monthly We’ll return to print in early February 2026 shiny, thicc—and free and freaky as always. by Micco Caporale The frenzy and magic of birding Chicago BIPOC Birders creates inclusive opportunities for year-round bird-watching and community building. by Jasmine Barnes Food & Drink Food & Drink Feature Bier Omakase is the social lubricant beer drinkers need right now Jenny Pfäfflin and Shana Solarte’s sudsy storytelling series is restoring connection and conversation to the craft beer scene. by Mike Sula December 17, 2025 December 17, 2025 Reader Bites Mansaf bites at M’daKhan by Taryn McFadden December 15, 2025 December 15, 2025 COMMUNITY CALENDAR Sponsored Sponsored Southeast Spotlight: A Southeast Chicago Chamber Special Shining a light on local businesses to support this holiday season The season of giving and gratitude is here. To acknowledge and honor another busy year, the Southeast Chicago… Sponsored by the Southeast Chicago Chamber of Commerce Sponsored Empower Illinoisans affected by breast cancer and reduce stigma with your purchase of a 7X Bingo Multiplier Instant Ticket from the Illinois Lottery You could call it the Instant Ticket that started it all. In 2006, the Illinois Lottery launched the… Sponsored by Illinois Lottery Sponsored An excerpt from TAXI GIRL, a novel by Maria Schreiber “All About Yogurt,” a four-minute read. “All about Yogurt” Four-minute read On Monday, June 3, 1974, Tania and Dan began selling cartons of yogurt… Sponsored by Maria Schreiber Sponsored At the California Clipper, everyone is welcome The newly relaunched Humboldt Park lounge champions community, inclusivity, and fair labor practices Since the 1820s, Chicago’s pubs… Sponsored by California Clipper Sponsored Support local students pursuing higher education with your purchase of a 7X Bingo Multiplier Instant Ticket from the Illinois Lottery The Illinois Lottery is nationally recognized for its pioneering work with specialty lottery tickets dedicated to raising awareness… Sponsored by Illinois Lottery Sponsored Demystifying Acupuncture provides answers for the curious skeptic Acupuncture is a form of Traditional East Asian Medicine (TEAM) that involves the placement of hair-thin needles into… Sponsored by Chicago Healing Center About the Chicago Reader Contact us Find the paper Subscribe Donate today Contests/Giveaways/Promotions Shop the Reader store Classifieds Advertise Promote your event Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2025 Chicago Reader Powered by Newspack Gift this article Close Link Copy link