Chicory: The Leading Contextual Advertising Platform For CPG & Grocery 0 Skip to Content Solutions For Advertisers For Retail Media Networks Publishers For Publishers For Food Bloggers Resources Blog Case Studies Insights Press About Chicory Our Story Careers Newsletter Get In Touch Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Get In Touch Solutions For Advertisers For Retail Media Networks Publishers For Publishers For Food Bloggers Resources Blog Case Studies Insights Press About Chicory Our Story Careers Newsletter Folder: Solutions Back For Advertisers For Retail Media Networks Folder: Publishers Back For Publishers For Food Bloggers Folder: Resources Back Blog Case Studies Insights Press Folder: About Chicory Back Our Story Careers Newsletter Get In Touch The Leading Contextual Advertising
    Platform For CPG & Grocery Chicory engages consumers when they’re making food-related decisions — looking up recipes, planning meals, and creating shopping lists — reaching them in an active mindset. We convert moments that matter into measurable outcomes by activating unique media experiences within contextually relevant, brand-safe content. Get In Touch Learn More What we do Book a Meeting Right Mindset . Right Moment . Real Outcomes . 8.96X iROAS driven for co-branded peanut butter and jelly holiday campaign $600K Incremental sales delivered through protein brand awareness campaign 62% Of purchases driven by new & lapsed shoppers Mindset Matters The modern consumer experience is changing. Today, consumers zig-zag between digital and physical environments: scrolling, streaming, searching, shopping. Reaching them in the right mindset matters more than ever. Research shows ad receptivity increases by 60% when shoppers are in the right mindset. That’s why context isn’t just helpful; it’s essential . New Survey: Navigating Consumer Mindsets Read more Marketing Moments that Deliver Outcomes Chicory uniquely reaches consumers in high-intent moments and when they are in an active mindset. This enables us to influence across the full shopping journey — from curiosity to consideration and conversion. We deliver full-funnel success for our customers. Why Brands Work With Us Launch New Products Cheese brand released new plant-based product and drove a 4.8% sales lift. Promote New Usage Occasions Candy manufacturer educated shoppers and drove nearly 159K incremental units. Reach New & Lapsed Shoppers Detergent brand expanded their customer base by driving 67% of sales from new and lapsed shoppers. Learn more Why Our Customers Love Us "We're constantly evolving and creating content to stay relevant...that's why I just love working with the Chicory team. We want to be very relevant with our content and show up in recipes that are trending." Kelly Meredith — Sr. Marketing Manager, Omnichannel at Primal Kitchen "It is such a pleasure to work with the Chicory team. Their level of customer service is unparalleled, and they deliver fantastic campaigns with record sales lift and velocity. They go above and beyond the call of duty to ensure their clients are happy. I feel so fortunate to work with this dynamic and fabulous team!" Megan Rider — Domestic Marketing Director, Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute "At Giant Eagle, we care about how shoppers discover, purchase and incorporate products into their meals and lives at home. Our partnership with Chicory brings a whole new dimension to this, enabling us to connect brands with contextually relevant, off-site recipe content and reach consumers when they're inspired to purchase." Jonathan Mancuso — Senior Manager Partnership Marketing Strategy, Giant Eagle "We first partnered with the Chicory team for their shoppable technology, which seamlessly drives add-to-carts via highly-relevant recipe content. Now we know that their great partnership extends beyond their tech. Their team excels at executing on our goals and KPls, increasing unit share, engagement, and basket size, and sharing the campaign results with our team." Deanna Mangione — Customer Marketing, General Mills Case Studies Leading Brands Choose Chicory Our Platform 123M Monthly Unique Shoppers 5,200+ Food & Recipe Publishers 70+ Retailer Integrations Ready to learn how chicory can help you? Book a meeting below to see how we connect context with commerce. NEW YORK 18 West 21st Street, 8th Fl New York, NY 10010 hello@chicory.co publishers@chicory.co About Contact Careers Press Blog Partner Portal Your Ad Choices | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information | Product Privacy Policy | Terms of Services | Website Privacy Policy