Chicago Magazine Search for: Sections News & Issues Dining & Drinking City Life Culture & Travel Real Estate Style & Shopping Top Docs & Wellness Magazine All Issues Subscribe Manage Subscription Advertise More Newsletters Events About Us Contact Us Resource Guide Subscribe Newsletters Search for: Events Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Events Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Skip to content Menu News & Issues Dining & Drinking City Life Culture & Travel Real Estate Style & Shopping Top Docs & Wellness January Agenda By Web Behrens Top 10 reasons to fill up your calendar this month Read more FIND... A Doctor Where to Eat Where to Live A Real Estate Agent Best of Chicago A Getaway Events Newsletters Subscribe What’s For Sale on Ashland Avenue? The 10 Hottest Restaurants in Chicago Right Now Tenenbaum’s Garden Our 20 Most-Read Stories of 2025 Four Things to Do in Plainfield By Judy Sutton Taylor Bob Navarro, head of the regional tourism agency Heritage Corridor Destinations, recommends these four spots. Read more Our Favorite Photos From 2025 By Jaclyn Rivas Here are some select images from our pages this past year that tell Chicago’s story. Read more Four Things to Do in Plainfield By Judy Sutton Taylor Bob Navarro, head of the regional tourism agency Heritage Corridor Destinations, recommends these four spots. Read more Our Favorite Photos From 2025 By Jaclyn Rivas Here are some select images from our pages this past year that tell Chicago’s story. Read more What’s For Sale on Ashland Avenue? The 10 Hottest Restaurants in Chicago Right Now Tenenbaum’s Garden Our 20 Most-Read Stories of 2025 See All City Life Four Things to Do in Plainfield By Judy Sutton Taylor Bob Navarro, head of the regional tourism agency Heritage Corridor Destinations, recommends these four spots. Read more Our Favorite Photos From 2025 By Jaclyn Rivas Here are some select images from our pages this past year that tell Chicago’s story. Read more Sign up for our Chicago Guide ® newsletter Welcome! We hope you enjoy our newsletters. To subscribe to the print edition of Chicago magazine, go to chicagomag.com/subscribe . Tenenbaum’s Garden Old Neighborhood, New Blood Sponsored Content Inside Stories From Chicago’s Favorite Restaurants at Chase for Business’s Make Your Move Summit More City Life See All Dining & Drinking The 10 Hottest Restaurants in Chicago Right Now The city’s most buzzed-about restaurants this month, in order of heat Read more The 10 Hottest Restaurants in Chicago Right Now How an Ex-Bear Is Growing His South Loop Eatery Empire Ep. 17: Our 25 Favorite Bites of 2025 Deliz Italian Steakhouse Debuts in Bucktown The 25 Best Things to Eat Right Now How an Ex-Bear Is Growing His South Loop Eatery Empire Ep. 17: Our 25 Favorite Bites of 2025 Deliz Italian Steakhouse Debuts in Bucktown The 25 Best Things to Eat Right Now Review: Great Sushi for a Steal at Omakase Box Sponsored Content How to Stay Healthy This Holiday Season, According to Amazon One Medical Chicago’s Best 50 Restaurants 25 Things to Eat Right Now New Restaurants Steakhouses French fries Italian beef sandwiches Pizza Soft serves Cocktails Shawarma New Bars Bar Bites Vegan Dishes Sandwiches Chocolate Chip Cookies Rotisserie Chickens More Dining & Drinking See All News & Issues Why You Shouldn’t Look Away From Tent Cities Interview by Kelley Engelbrecht A housing advocate weighs in on the sticky issue of encampments. Read more CPD’s Larry Snelling: The Man Behind the Shield By Kelley Engelbrecht Under Snelling’s watch, violent crime is down in Chicago. To understand his approach, you have to understand where he comes from — and the lessons he’s learned. Read more How Chicago Is Using Lawsuits to Force Change By Ben Austen The city's civil action against Glock shows how a municipal legal department can be deployed as a weapon for reform. Read more Timothy Evans Expects to Endure By Maya Dukmasova, Injustice Watch senior reporter Cook County’s longest-serving chief judge is also among its most storied politicians. As he leaves office after 24 years, where does his tenure leave the courts? Read more More News & Issues See All Real Estate What’s For Sale on Ashland Avenue? Midcentury Modern Homes Under $450,000 A Commander’s House at Fort Sheridan Hits the Market More Real Estate See All Latest Four Things to Do in Plainfield January Agenda Our Favorite Photos From 2025 What’s For Sale on Ashland Avenue? The 10 Hottest Restaurants in Chicago Right Now More Latest See All From The Issue Subscribe Here Four Things to Do in Plainfield By Judy Sutton Taylor Bob Navarro, head of the regional tourism agency Heritage Corridor Destinations, recommends these four spots. Read more January Agenda The 10 Hottest Restaurants in Chicago Right Now Tenenbaum’s Garden More From The Issue See All Video How to Make Pink Salt’s Grilled Chicken Satay Sandwich In the Kitchen: CJ Jacobson’s Turkey-Avocado Tartine Koya in Wilmette Now Serves Sushi in a Cup 3 Vietnamese Noodle Soups With Cat Pham More Video See All Culture & Travel January Agenda The Range and Whimsy of Architect Bruce Goff Michael Mann on the True Chicago Story Behind Heat Sponsored Content On Top of the World More Culture & Travel Subscribe Today Get Chicago magazine delivered to your door or digital device See All Long Reads The Pope’s House and the Fight for Dolton’s Soul By Kelley Engelbrecht The modest home in Dolton where Pope Leo XIV grew up has become an unofficial pilgrimage site. Will it be this troubled suburb’s salvation — or just further divide it? Read more The Age of Klaus Mäkelä By Nicholas Cannariato Not even 30, the Finnish conductor is already the buzziest name in classical music. Now he’s set to usher in a new era at the helm of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Read more The L in Crisis By Tal Rosenberg With ridership lagging and a fiscal reckoning looming, the L is in trouble. Here’s why our train is worth saving. Read more More Long Reads See All Top Docs & Wellness Top Doctors for Children How a Party Mom De-Stresses This Golden Bachelorette Heartthrob Stays Focused Windy City Rehab ’s Alison Victoria Wants to Live Forever See All Style & Shopping Six Puffer-Inspired Products The Gold Coast Arrival of a Matured Streetwear Brand Your Chicago-Centric Gift Guide How to Spend $100 at Charm Bar Sponsored Content How Laser Hair Removal Addresses Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) More Style & Shopping Subscribe Manage Subscription Issue Archive Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Get Our Newsletters Chicago magazine newsletters have you covered. Find out where to go, what to eat, where to live, and more. Subscribe for free today! SUBSCRIBE ©2025 Chicago magazine / A Chicago Tribune Media Group website About the Magazine Contact Us Advertise Events Resource Guide Follow Us Get Our Newsletters Chicago magazine newsletters have you covered. Find out where to go, what to eat, where to live, and more. Subscribe for free today! SUBSCRIBE ©2025 Chicago magazine / A Chicago Tribune Media Group website © 2025 Chicago Magazine • Built with GeneratePress