Chicago Tribune - Chicago News, Sports, Weather, Business & Things to Do Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 28°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 eNewspaper Home Page Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Manage Subscription EZ Pay Vacation Stop Delivery Issue Today’s E-Editions Chicago Tribune Evening Edition The Beacon News The Courier-News Daily Southtown Lake County News-Sun Naperville Sun Post-Tribune Naperville Magazine Advertise with Us Advertise with Us Classified Who’s Who Jobs Business Business Careers & Finance Top Workplaces Real Estate Transportation Dining Dining Louisa Kung Liu Chu Recipes Entertainment Entertainment Advice Arts Books Home and Garden Movies Museums Music The Theater Loop Travel TV and Streaming En Español Immigration News Latest Headlines Crime and Public Safety Education Environment Health History Immigration Investigations Local News Marijuana National News Science World News Weather Opinion Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Tribune Voices Politics Politics Elections Chicago Bulls Chicago White Sox Chicago Bears Chicago Cubs Chicago Blackhawks Sports Sports Chicago Bears Chicago Bulls Chicago Blackhawks Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Chicago Sky College Sports Soccer Aurora Beacon-News Daily Southtown Elgin Courier-News Lake County News-Sun Naperville Sun Post-Tribune Suburbs All Suburbs Aurora Beacon News Daily Southtown Elgin Courier-News Lake County News-Sun Naperville Sun Post-Tribune Classifieds Jobs Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an obituary Special Sections Branded Content Paid Partner Content Advertising by Ascend Paid Content by Brandpoint Subscribe Log In Logout Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log In Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Login Search Chicago Tribune 28°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 eNewspaper Business Dining Entertainment Education Immigration Opinion Politics Sports Suburbs Obituaries Trending: 🚨 Border Patrol audio 🏛️ PPP loan investigation 🥳 NYE restaurant specials 🍾 20 New Year’s Eve bashes ✍️ Asking Eric 📆 Today in History Featured Set to open in the fall, Northwestern’s $862M Ryan Field touted as ‘best place to watch football in America’ As Northwestern wraps up a second season of playing football at a small lakefront field shared with the lacrosse and soccer teams, workers are busy building out a new $862 million football stadium in Evanston. Workers continue their construction of Northwestern University’s Ryan Field in Evanston on Nov. 21, 2025. The stadium’s exterior is complete and it's expected to be finished ahead of the planned 2026 opening in September. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Workers continue their construction of Northwestern’s Ryan Field, Nov. 21, 2025, in Evanston. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Workers continue their construction of Northwestern’s Ryan Field, Nov. 21, 2025, in Evanston. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) The exterior of Northwestern’s Ryan Field, Nov. 21, 2025, under construction in Evanston. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Workers continue their construction on the upper levels of Northwestern’s Ryan Field, Nov. 21, 2025, in Evanston. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Workers continue their construction of Northwestern’s Ryan Field, Nov. 21, 2025, in Evanston. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Pat Ryan Jr. walks through Northwestern’s Ryan Field in Evanston during construction on Nov. 21, 2025. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Workers continue their construction of Northwestern’s Ryan Field in Evanston on Nov. 21, 2025. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Workers walk where the field will be on Nov. 21, 2025, during construction inside Northwestern University's Ryan Field in Evanston. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Workers use a crane on Nov. 21, 2025, while construction continues of Northwestern’s Ryan Field in Evanston. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) A model of the Northwestern’s future Ryan Field sits in a room at the Welsh-Ryan Arena in Evanston on Nov. 21, 2025. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Workers continue their construction of Northwestern’s Ryan Field, Nov. 21, 2025, in Evanston. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Show Caption 1 of 12 Workers continue their construction of Northwestern University’s Ryan Field in Evanston on Nov. 21, 2025. The stadium’s exterior is complete and it's expected to be finished ahead of the planned 2026 opening in September. (Dominic Di Palermo/Chicago Tribune) Expand Christmas comes late for Zion family who lost their home in a fire: ‘I don’t have the words’ Budget fights to funding freezes: Chicago’s top education stories of the year 9th Congressional District candidate Bruce Leon dropping out of Democratic primary after AIPAC pressure Music City Bowl: Last-second field goal gives Illinois a 30-28 victory over Tennessee Latest Headlines Owner of Winnetka’s ‘Home Alone’ house wants to return the driveway configuration to the way it was in the movie 29 minutes ago New Zealand’s Auckland kicks off 2026 celebrations with fireworks 44 minutes ago Oysters, crab and lobster meat stolen in New England, some destined for Illinois Costco stores 46 minutes ago Rested or rusty? Top 4 seeds are eager to show they’re ready as the CFP quarterfinals arrive. 1 hour ago Chicago Bears Q&A: Will Caleb Williams reach 4,000 yards? How can the pass defense be improved? 1 hour ago The Chicago Bulls believe depth is their greatest strength. But is this roster even that deep? 1 hour ago Theater’s newest audience: Babies 2 hours ago Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 Hundreds of public employees investigated by the state of Illinois improperly took millions in PPP loans Hundreds of public employees investigated by the state of Illinois improperly took millions in PPP loans ‘Help is on the way’: Audio captures Border Patrol and 911 dispatchers before CPD response 'Help is on the way': Audio captures Border Patrol and 911 dispatchers before CPD response TV for winter 2026: A new ‘Game of Thrones’ spinoff, ‘Bridgerton’ returns and Nicole Kidman leads a new series TV for winter 2026: A new 'Game of Thrones' spinoff, 'Bridgerton' returns and Nicole Kidman leads a new series Rioters? Agitators? Immigration agents’ claims against US citizens mostly fall apart in court. Rioters? Agitators? Immigration agents' claims against US citizens mostly fall apart in court. Daily Horoscope for December 30, 2025 Daily Horoscope for December 30, 2025 Daily Horoscope for December 31, 2025 Daily Horoscope for December 31, 2025 Who would be the Chicago Bears’ most favorable 1st-round matchup? 5 pressing questions before Week 18. Who would be the Chicago Bears' most favorable 1st-round matchup? 5 pressing questions before Week 18. Double homicide in Richton Park, shooting death in Blue Island Saturday night Double homicide in Richton Park, shooting death in Blue Island Saturday night 64 days in Chicago: The story of Operation Midway Blitz 64 days in Chicago: The story of Operation Midway Blitz Opinion 2025 in review: The year in Scott Stantis cartoons A look back at Scott Stantis' best editorial cartoons of 2025 for the Chicago Tribune. Laura Washington: Political goings-on in 2025 reflect anything but comity 2025 in review: A look back at our most heartfelt op-eds Letters: Letter writers share their hopes for the new year Immigration DOJ pushed to prosecute Kilmar Abrego Garcia only after mistaken deportation, judge’s order says A newly unsealed order in the criminal case against Kilmar Abrego Garcia reveals that high-level Justice Department officials pushed for his indictment, calling it a “top priority,” only after he was mistakenly deported and then ordered returned to the U.S. ‘Help is on the way’: Audio captures Border Patrol and 911 dispatchers before CPD response Rioters? Agitators? Immigration agents’ claims against US citizens mostly fall apart in court. Illinois attorney general ends year filled with lawsuits against the Trump administration with one more challenge Entertainment Movies for winter 2026: Post-apocalyptic thrillers, crime stories and gothic romance The new year kicks off with director Nia DeCosta's "28 Years Later: The Bone Temple" and Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in "The Rip." TV for winter 2026: A new ‘Game of Thrones’ spinoff, ‘Bridgerton’ returns and Nicole Kidman leads a new series Answer Angel: Plastic purses? Rick Steves’ Europe: Edinburgh’s Royal Mile Sports Chicago Blackhawks’ late rally falls short as they lose 3-2 in a shootout to the New York Islanders The Chicago Blackhawks head into 2026 with a loss in their rearview and another injured center after falling to the New York Islanders in a shootout, 3-2. Who would be the Chicago Bears’ most favorable 1st-round matchup? 5 pressing questions before Week 18. Northwestern hires Chip Kelly, the longtime college and NFL coach, to be its new offensive coordinator In the NBA, 2025 might go down as the year of the injured — and now Nikola Jokić has joined that club Fun and Games Jumble Daily Daily Crossword Daily Solitaire Daily Sudoku Chicago Tribune Store Back Issues Photography Marathon Memorabilia Page Prints Photos Week 17 photos: San Francisco 49ers 42, Chicago Bears 38 Photos from the Chicago Bears' Week 17 game against the San Francisco 49ers at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, Calif. The 100 best photos of 2025 by Chicago Tribune photographers Photos: Snowy owls’ unusually early visit to the Chicago lakefront Photos: All aboard the CTA Holiday Train! Photos: Chicago Bulls 109, Philadelphia 76ers 102 Photos: Philadelphia Flyers 3, Chicago Blackhawks 1 Week 16 photos: Chicago Bears 22, Green Bay Packers 16 (OT) Show More Photos Week 15 photos: Chicago Bears 31, Cleveland Browns 3 Photos: Federal agents are confronted by residents in Elgin Photos: Go inside the 29th annual Christkindlmarket at Chicago’s Daley Plaza Photos: Secretary Kristi Noem visits Chicago’s Christmas tree ship Photos: Winter weather hits Chicagoland Politics Trump administration says it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes President Donald Trump's administration announced on Tuesday that it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota... Michael Cronin, a Chicago police expert on West Side street gangs, dies at  81 Sports betting lobby suing to block Chicago’s new online wagering tax set to go into effect Thursday Tatiana Schlossberg, the granddaughter of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Business Seven new businesses, including Illinois’ first 99 Ranch Market, to open in Naperville shopping center Naperville's Riverbrook Shopping Center to be new home to a 99 Ranch Market, slew of... December interest rate cut was a close call for some Fed officials, minutes show How to build an emergency fund, pay off debt and make a plan for your money in 2026 The legendary Warren Buffett steps back this week and Berkshire Hathaway enters a new era Education Chicago nonprofit sues Department of Education over alleged ‘unlawful’ grant program cuts A Chicago nonprofit, with the American Federation of Teachers, is suing the U.S. Department of... CPS board hikes property tax levy to capture extra $25M CPS says ‘miscellaneous’ school workers shouldn’t be allowed to unionize Levy increases passed by high school districts 218, 233 Crime and Public Safety Cops: Man killed in Humboldt Park double shooting Two men were wounded, one fatally, in a double shooting Tuesday afternoon in Humboldt Park,... Gary man accused of attempted murder in shooting after fight Orland Park police to begin using cruise lights during patrols Aurora police to respond to all ShotSpotter activations on New Year’s Eve to curb celebratory gunfire Environment U.S. DOE orders NIPSCO Schahfer plant to continue coal usage The U.S. Department of Energy issued an emergency order that would require NIPSCO's R. M.... The year’s first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Illinois bets on virtual power plants to ease electric grid strain and costs Indiana legislators introduce data center bills for 2026 session Restaurants, Food and Drink The best food photos of 2025 by Chicago Tribune photographers Here's just a sample of the food pictures our photographers produced in 2025. 2025 food favorites: The most memorable dishes and drinks we had across Chicago NYE 2025: Chicago-area restaurant specials and drink packages to ring in the New Year Ube is in high demand. Philippine farmers are struggling to keep up. Investigations When hospitals choose private guardians, patients pay the price When Chicago hospitals seek guardians for patients with assets, a law firm and a private... Chicago hospitals funnel patients into long-lasting guardianships, angering friends and family Record property tax increases slam Chicago homeowners as downtown owners see cuts Federal judge postpones ruling on detained father of sick teen History Today in Chicago History: Bears win ‘Fog Bowl’ at Soldier Field — but did anyone really see it? Here's a look back at what happened in the Chicago area on Dec. 31, according... Today in History: Roberto Clemente killed in plane crash Today in Chicago History: ‘Fireproof’ Iroquois Theatre set ablaze when light ignites curtain — more than 600 killed Today in History: Former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein executed Local News Man shot on Aurora’s near West Side Monday evening, police say The investigation into the incident remains active, the police department said on Tuesday. Lake County looking to extend digital equity push past 2026: ‘Everything is online’ Of Notoriety: Hammond High, Gary Lew Wallace grads star in sold-out holiday parody County residents have options in disposing of Christmas trees: ‘They can’t be disposed of in a landfill’ Best Reviews Have a blast with the best Mac games You don’t need a dedicated console to play games. If you've got a Mac, you... The best highlighters to help you study Shine up your vehicle with the best buffing pads The best stainless steel refrigerators for a modern look Events Tribune Publishing New York Daily News The Morning Call Daily Press The Virginian-Pilot Orlando Sentinel Sun Sentinel Hartford Courant Studio 1847 Company Info About Us Careers Help Center Media Kit Privacy Policy Chicago Tribune Store Site Map Archives Subscribe Now Subscriber Terms and Conditions Terms of Service Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection CA Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune Close