Chicago Bears Official Website | ChicagoBears.com 🐻⬇️ Skip to main content Primary nav PLAYOFFS NEWS SCHEDULE PHOTOS VIDEO PODCASTS TEAM STADIUM COMMUNITY FAN ZONE EMPLOYMENT INTERNATIONAL HISTORY TICKETS PRO SHOP Open menu button Action related nav WATCH TICKETS SUITES FOLLOW PRO SHOP LIVE NFL GAMES Advertising Chicago Bears Official Website | ChicagoBears.com 🐻⬇️ WEEK 18 • SUN 01/04 • 3:25 PM CST Lions Detroit Lions 8-8 Bears Chicago Bears 11-5 FOX ESPN Chicago (English) | WVIV (Español) Buy Tickets How to Watch/Listen Playoff Scenarios Gameday Magazine Gameday Guide Jacob Funk/Chicago Bears Bears seeking to secure No. 2 seed, create momentum in finale Coach Ben Johnson reiterated Wednesday that the Bears have no plans to rest their starters in Sunday’s regular-season finale versus the Lions despite having clinched the NFC North title. Ariel Fox/Chicago Bears Bears QB Caleb Williams aims to continue ascending Playing the best football of his two-year NFL career, Bears quarterback Caleb Williams enters the final week of the regular season determined to keep growing for his legacy and his team. Roster Moves: Chicago Bears place Noah Sewell on IR The Chicago Bears on Wednesday placed linebacker Noah Sewell on Reserve/Injured and activated tight end Nikola Kalinic from Practice Squad/Injured Reserve. 09:18 In Case You Were Wondering | Sports Science & Nutrition Case Keenum is back, this time with the Bears' Sports Science and Nutrition teams, to see how the team moves and fuel up. From 3D motion capture mobility training to wellness shots, Keenum gets a first-person look at the small, often overlooked details that get players ready to perform on gameday. 09:57 Caleb Williams: 'The most important thing is winning ball games' | Press Conference Quarterback Caleb Williams addresses the media Wednesday at Halas Hall. 04:18 T.J. Edwards: 'All these games are must-win games' | Press Conference Linebacker T.J. Edwards addresses the media Wednesday at Halas Hall. Latest Content Bears seeking to secure No. 2 seed, create momentum in finale Bears QB Caleb Williams aims to continue ascending Roster Moves: Chicago Bears place Noah Sewell on IR In Case You Were Wondering | Sports Science & Nutrition Caleb Williams: 'The most important thing is winning ball games' | Press Conference T.J. Edwards: 'All these games are must-win games' | Press Conference Ben Johnson: Bears 'solely focused on this game' | Press Conference View More PLAYOFFS TICKETS 2025 SCHEDULE SWEEPSTAKES & PROMOTIONS Good. Better. Best. video Ben Johnson locker room speech after OT win over Packers video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Browns video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Eagles video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Steelers video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Vikings video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Giants video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Bengals video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Saints video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Commanders video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Raiders video Ben Johnson locker room speech after win over Cowboys Advertising Featured Photos Gameday Gallery: Bears at 49ers | 2025 Week 17 Check out the action from Levi's Stadium as the Bears take on the San Francisco 49ers. Arrival Photos: Bears at 49ers | 2025 Week 17 Check out Bears players arriving at Levi's Stadium ahead of their Week 17 matchup against the San Francisco 49ers. Bears welcome home military member as part of United Home for the Holidays Program Kristian Rokita, a member of the United States Navy, was flown home to Chicago by United Airlines, where he was surprised by 13 members of his family meeting him at the gate before heading to Halas Hall for a private tour hosted by Hall of Famer and Super Bowl XX champion Dan Hampton. Rokita was then at Soldier Field Saturday to serve as an honorary captain before the Bears' 22-16 comeback overtime win over the Packers. Practice Snaps: 2025 Week 17 The Bears were back on the Halas Hall practice fields Tuesday to continue preparing for Sunday's night's road game against the San Francisco 49ers. View More Latest Content Bears seeking to secure No. 2 seed, create momentum in finale Dec 31, 2025 Coach Ben Johnson reiterated Wednesday that the Bears have no plans to rest their starters in Sunday’s regular-season finale versus the Lions despite having clinched the NFC North title. Bears QB Caleb Williams aims to continue ascending Dec 31, 2025 Playing the best football of his two-year NFL career, Bears quarterback Caleb Williams enters the final week of the regular season determined to keep growing for his legacy and his team. Roster Moves: Chicago Bears place Noah Sewell on IR Dec 31, 2025 The Chicago Bears on Wednesday placed linebacker Noah Sewell on Reserve/Injured and activated tight end Nikola Kalinic from Practice Squad/Injured Reserve. In Case You Were Wondering | Sports Science & Nutrition Dec 31, 2025 Case Keenum is back, this time with the Bears' Sports Science and Nutrition teams, to see how the team moves and fuel up. From 3D motion capture mobility training to wellness shots, Keenum gets a first-person look at the small, often overlooked details that get players ready to perform on gameday. Caleb Williams: 'The most important thing is winning ball games' | Press Conference Dec 31, 2025 Quarterback Caleb Williams addresses the media Wednesday at Halas Hall. T.J. Edwards: 'All these games are must-win games' | Press Conference Dec 31, 2025 Linebacker T.J. Edwards addresses the media Wednesday at Halas Hall. Ben Johnson: Bears 'solely focused on this game' | Press Conference Dec 31, 2025 Head coach Ben Johnson addresses the media Wednesday at Halas Hall. Bears target No. 2 seed in showdown with Lions | Bears Weekly Dec 31, 2025 Tune in to the latest episode of Bears Weekly with Jeff Joniak and Tom Thayer as they preview Sunday's matchup against the Detroit Lions. Plus, enjoy exclusive interviews with head coach Ben Johnson, quarterback Caleb Williams and former Bears QB Jim Miller. How to watch, listen to, stream Bears-Lions Week 18 game Dec 31, 2025 Here's where to watch, listen to and stream the Bears' regular season finale against the Detroit Lions, which kicks off at 3:25 p.m. CT Sunday, Jan. 4 at Soldier Field. Ben Johnson on Bears' response after Week 17 loss | Bears, etc. Podcast Dec 30, 2025 Head coach Ben Johnson joins Jeff Joniak and Tom Thayer to break down Sunday night's game against the 49ers and highlight areas for growth moving forward. Chicago Bears up-to-date playoff scenarios Dec 29, 2025 Based on Week 18 results, the NFC North champion Bears will be the NFC's No. 2 or 3 seed and open the playoffs by hosting either the Packers, Rams or 49ers in the wild card round. 4 things that stood out to Bears coach Ben Johnson in Week 17 loss Dec 29, 2025 After watching tape of Sunday night's 42-38 loss to the 49ers, Bears coach Ben Johnson on Monday spoke about Caleb Williams' two TD passes, the quarterback's bond with Colston Loveland and more. Ben Johnson on Week 18 game: 'We are playing to win' | Press Conference Dec 29, 2025 Head coach Ben Johnson addresses the media virtually Monday from Halas Hall. By the Numbers: Bears at 49ers | 2025 Week 17 Dec 29, 2025 Senior writer Larry Mayer takes a look at some notable stats and numbers from the Bears' 42-38 loss to the 49ers Sunday night in San Francisco. Chicago music teacher receives Classroom Legends award by combining education, Bears fight song to energize students Dec 29, 2025 A passionate, beloved music education and band teacher at A.N. Pritzker Elementary School in Wicker Park, Dr. Jenai Jenkins was presented with the Bears' Classroom Legends award, powered by CDW, which honors educators who go above and beyond to support their students and build inclusive, inspiring school communities across Chicagoland. Bears rookies Luther Burden III, Colston Loveland step up vs. 49ers Dec 29, 2025 In a playoff atmosphere Sunday night at Levi's Stadium, the Bears' top two 2025 draft picks – receiver Luther Burden III and tight end Colston Loveland – rose to the occasion, combining for 232 yards of offense and two touchdowns. NFL sets kickoff time for Bears-Lions season finale Dec 28, 2025 The Bears will close the 2025 regular season against the Lions on Sunday, Jan. 4 at Soldier Field. Kickoff is slated for 3:25 p.m. CT. Game Recap: Bears fall to 49ers in primetime shootout Dec 28, 2025 The Bears totaled 440 yards and found the end zone five times in Sunday night's road battle with the 49ers, but Jauan Jennings' 38-yard touchdown reception late in the fourth quarter gave San Francisco a 42-38 victory at Levi's Stadium. HIGHLIGHTS: Caleb Williams' best plays from 330-yard game vs. 49ers Dec 28, 2025 Watch the best plays from Bears quarterback Caleb Williams' 330-yard performance against the San Francisco 49ers. Ben Johnson on Week 17 loss in San Francisco | Press Conference Dec 28, 2025 Head coach Ben Johnson addresses the media Sunday. Follow Us facebook Chicago Bears instagram ChicagoBears snapchat ChicagoBearsNFL youtube Chicago Bears tiktok ChicagoBears x ChicagoBears Advertising Club Links Club Links Team Roster Depth Chart Coaches Media Guide Schedule Standings Stats Transactions Content Latest News Latest Photos Latest Videos Latest Podcasts Roster Moves Gameday Gallery Highlights Press Conferences Tickets Ticket Information Bears Premier Luxury Suites The Midway Mobile Ticket Guide Skyline Suite Vivid Seats Fan Experience Packages Ticketmaster United Club Gameday A-Z Guide Bag Policy Gameday Guide Gameday Staff Recognition Parking & Transit Guide Seating Chart Soldier Field Stadium Safety More 2025 Season Yearbook Bears Care Community Relations Email Alerts Pro Shop Social Media Wallpapers Site Map NFL Clubs NFL Clubs AFC North AFC East AFC South AFC West NFC North NFC East NFC South NFC West More NFL Sites More NFL Sites NFL Football Operations NFL Shop NFL On Location Pro Football Hall of Fame Licensing USA Football NFL Extra Points NFL Ticket Exchange Download Apps Download Apps © Chicago Bears. All rights reserved. Legal Accessibility Contact Us Employment Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices Cookie Settings Preference Center Big left arrow icon Big right arrow icon Close icon Copy Url Three dots icon Down arrow icon Email icon Email icon Exit Fullscreen icon External link icon Facebook logo Football icon Facebook logo Instagram logo Snapchat logo YouTube logo TikTok logo Spotify logo LinkedIn logo Grid icon Key icon Left arrow icon Link icon Location icon Mail icon Menu icon Open icon Phone icon Play icon Radio icon Rewind icon Right arrow icon Search icon Select icon Selected icon TV icon Up arrow icon User icon Audio icon Add to calendar icon NFC icon AFC icon NFL icon Carousel Icon List View Website Instagram Twitter Facebook Snapchat Shop Icon Profile Overlay Avatar Add Airplay Arrow Left Arrow Right Arrow Up Arrow Down Audio Back 5s Back 10s Back 30s Calendar Chart Check Down Left Right Up Chromecast Off Chromecast On Close Closed Captions Bench Off Bench On Broad Off Broad On Vertical Off Vertical On Comment Dock Done Download Draft Fantasy Filter Forward 5s Forward 10s Forward 30s Full Screen Off Full Screen On Gamepass Games Insights Key Leave Live Combine Draft Fantasy Menu Games Menu Network Menu News Menu Playoffs Menu Pro Bowl Menu Shop Menu Standings Menu Stats Menu Super Bowl Menu Teams Menu Tickets Menu More Horizontal More Vertical My Location Network News Pause play Multiple Players Single Player Playlist Playoffs Pro Bowl Purge Refresh Remove Search Settings Share Android Share Copy URL Share Email Share Facebook Share Instagram Share iOS Share Snapchat Share Twitter Skip Next Skip Previous Standings Star Stats Swap Teams Tickets Video Visibility Off Visibility On Volume Hi Volume Low Volume Medium Volume Mute Warning Website Caret down Caret up At News Play Audio Gallery Promo Chevron right The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari. Got it!