Home | Chillidog Hosting We're sorry but Chillidog Hosting doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. Services - VPS - Hosting - Hosting Migration Checklist - Chillinews - Chillimail Hosting Help About Us Contact Us Login Services VPS Hosting Hosting Migration Checklist Chillinews Chillimail Hosting Help About Us Contact Us Login No results found. Enter at least 1 word. We sandwich everything together to make hosting deliciously simple. Your business has to be able to take the heat. So at Chillidog Hosting we deliver products and services built on the latest software and hardware available. Ready to start cooking with gas? Our packages start at just $9 a month. Start hosting now 🔥 Why Chillidog Hosting? Let's get to the meat of it: managing your projects is tough enough without sweating over your hosting. Scroll through to discover how we perfect every part of the process—so you can get down to business. RapidWeaver Expertise We've spent over 10 years in the RapidWeaver community, so we not only use it - we also create stacks. Who better to help than someone who knows how the sausage gets made? Specialist Support Our aim is to save you time and energy. So whatever the question, let's chew on it together so we can offer a straightforward solution. Fully Managed Servers All of our servers are fully managed by us, so we can make the best choices for you and your sites. From security to performance, we're serving you a prime hosting experience. Free SSL Certificate Secure your site for free. Every site hosted by Chillidog gets an SSL certificate, with no need to deal with a third party provider. Sizzling Performance Run a smokin' hot operation by launching your sites with the latest hardware and software available. No Contract Packages If you're not sure what you need, we offer no contract options so you can sample products and put together a recipe for success. Sitemap Helper Be the top dog on the leading search engines. Exclusive to Chillidog, Sitemap Helper automatically submits your RapidWeaver, WordPress or TotalCMS sitemap files to Google and Bing to re-index your website and ace your ranking. Daily Backups Every account is backed up daily in full for free, with archives held for three days. That's websites, emails and databases all preserved, without paying a penny more. Great pricing for your freshly-cooked web projects Our plans cater for all your professional needs. If you want to host your website and forget about the technicalities or someone that requires a bit more control over their hosting then we have you covered.
Not sure which one to go for? Just get in touch and we'll help you choose the right fit. Daily backups Fast & friendly support Free SSL Cocktail •
                                    Unlimited Web Pages •
                                    2GB disk space •
                                    20GB Bandwidth Only $ 9 per
                                month Frankfurter •
                                    Host up to 10 sites •
                                    5GB disk space •
                                    Unlimited Bandwidth As low
                                as $ 12 per
                                month Most Popular All Beef •
                                    Host up to 15 sites •
                                    10GB disk space •
                                    Unlimited Bandwidth As low
                                as $ 19 per
                                month Sausage •
                                    Host up to 30 sites •
                                    20GB disk space •
                                    Unlimited Bandwidth As low
                                as $ 24 per
                                month About Chillidog Hosting is owned and operated by Chillidog Software . Read more about our expertise. Links RapidWeaver Hosting Migration Checklist Get in touch Blog Terms Privacy
                Policy Cookie Policy Terms and
                Conditions Stay updated No spam, only important updates. Sign me up © 2012 –
                    2025. Chillidog Software . All rights reserved. RapidWeaver® is a Trademark of Realmac Software . Please pick a region All regions are packed with the same
                    great
                    features making either choice a great choice Don't see a region you're looking for? Let us know