Get up to $500 before payday with MyPay®.

Learn more
Close banner
Open Menu
Get started
Log in
Bank smarter this season with fee-free banking and more.

Get in the holiday spirit with unlimited cash back§, 3.50% APY10 on your savings, and early access to your pay5 with direct deposit.

Get started
–Optional Services and Products Fee Disclosures ›

Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.; Members FDIC

The secured Chime Visa® Credit Card is issued by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.

Learn how we collect and use your information by visiting our Privacy Notice ›

Get cash back.§
Build credit.** 
Everyday.

Introducing Chime Card.™ 8

Get started

Already have an account ›

Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.; Members FDIC

Learn how we collect and use your information by visiting our Privacy Notice ›


Everyday, fee-
free banking.

Open a Chime Checking Account for more ways to deposit and access your money without fees.*

Get started

Already have an account ›

Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.; Members FDIC

Learn how we collect and use your information by visiting our Privacy Notice ›


The #1 most
loved banking
app.^
Get started

Already have an account ›

Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.; Members FDIC

Learn how we collect and use your information by visiting our Privacy Notice ›


Get up to $500
of your pay with
MyPay.3
Get started

Already have an account ›

Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.; Members FDIC

Learn how we collect and use your information by visiting our Privacy Notice ›


Fee-free
overdraft up
to $200.2
Get started

Already have an account ›

Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.; Members FDIC

Learn how we collect and use your information by visiting our Privacy Notice ›


Get paid up to 2
days early with
direct deposit.5
Get started

Already have an account ›

Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.; Members FDIC

Learn how we collect and use your information by visiting our Privacy Notice ›


Previous slide
Next slide
Pause carousel

Featured in:

Overdraft fee-free
with SpotMe®.

We’ll spot you up to $200 on debit card purchases with no overdraft fees. Eligibility requirements apply.2

Learn More
Get paid
when you say.®

Life doesn’t wait for payday, and you shouldn’t have to either. Get up to $5003 of your pay before payday. Finally, you’re in control. There’s no interest4. No credit check. No mandatory fees.

Learn more
Get paid early.

Set up direct deposit and get your paycheck up to 2 days earlier than some of your co-workers!5

Learn more
Say goodbye to monthly fees.

No overdraft fees. No minimum balance. No monthly fees. No foreign transaction fees. 47K+ fee-free ATMs6 at stores you love, like Walgreens®, CVS®, 7-Eleven®, and Circle K. Out-of-network fees apply.

Learn more
Chime Card.
Cash back and
credit up.

1.5% cash back§ on rotating categories with Chime+‡, stress-free credit building**, and no annual fees or interest1. Help increase your FICO Score by up to 71 points.7

Learn more
Unlock Chime+ for free with direct deposit.

When you move your qualifying direct deposit to Chime, you’ll get access to so much more with Chime+‡.

Learn more
Better banking on day one.

Get started with a Checking Account with no monthly fees.

No minimum balance or monthly fees.

47K+ fee-free ATMs.6

Up to $2002 fee-free overdraft coverage.

Level up to more —for free.

Higher savings and better benefits for financial progress. Unlock Chime+ when you set up a qualifying direct deposit.

3.50% APY10 on a high-yield savings account.

Up to $5003 of your pay before payday.

1.5% cash back§ and safer credit building** with the Chime Card.

Pay Anyone the fast,
fee-free way.

Pay friends and family fee-free, no matter what bank account they use. They can cash out instantly9 and securely, no sign-up needed.

Learn more
Make
your money
grw fast.

No minimum balance, and up to 3.50% Annual Percentage Yield (APY)10—that’s 8x the national average.11 Direct deposit to get the best rate with Chime+.‡

Learn more
Make fee-free
cash deposits12
at Walgreens®.

Deposit cash fee-free, exclusively at Walgreens®. Walk right up to the counter at thousands of convenient locations.

Learn More
Stay in control with
alerts.

You’re always in-the-know with balance notifications and transaction alerts.

Learn more
Security & support
you can trust.
Learn more
Serious security

Chime uses secure processes to protect your information and help prevent unauthorized use.

Anytime, anywhere support
Visa® Zero Liability
Get started.

Applying for a Chime Checking Account is free and takes less than 2 minutes. It won’t affect your credit score!

Get started

Popular Features

Chime Debit Card
Build Credit
Checking Account
High Yield Savings Account
Get Paid Early
MyPay

Company

About
Investor Relations
In the News
Careers
For Employers

Resources

In The Green
Help Center
Trust & Safety
Savings Calculator
Find an ATM
Paycheck Calculator
Chime Reviews

Privacy

Policies
Chime U.S. Privacy Notice
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Supporting Those With Disabilities

Contact

844-244-6363
Become an Affiliate
Download on the App Store
Get it on Google Play
Facebook
X (Twitter)
Instagram

Chime® is a financial technology company, not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A., Members FDIC. Deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank. Certain conditions must be satisfied for pass-through deposit insurance coverage to apply.

The Chime Visa® Debit Card, the secured Chime Credit Builder Visa® Credit Card, and the secured Chime Visa® Credit Card are issued by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A., pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Visa debit or credit cards are accepted. Please see the back of your Card for its issuing bank.

Chime Checkbook: While Chime doesn’t issue personal checkbooks to write checks, Chime Checkbook gives you the freedom to send checks to anyone, anytime, from anywhere. See your issuing bank’s Deposit Account Agreement for full Chime Checkbook details.


By clicking on some of the links above, you will leave the Chime website and be directed to a third-party website. The privacy practices of those third parties may differ from those of Chime. We recommend you review the privacy statements of those third party websites, as Chime is not responsible for those third parties' privacy or security practices.

Opinions, advice, services, or other information or content expressed or contributed here by customers, users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or contributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of The Bancorp Bank, N.A. and Stride Bank, N.A. (“Banks”). Banks are not responsible for the accuracy of any content provided by author(s) or contributor(s).

APPLE and the Apple Logo are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. GOOGLE PLAY and the Google Play Logo are registered trademarks of Google LLC. Third-party trademarks referenced for informational purposes only; no endorsements implied.

MyPay® line of credit provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A. MyPay services provided by Chime Capital, LLC (NMLS 2316451).

All third-party publication logos are trademarks of their respective owners and are used under license.

^ 

Chime is recommended by more of its users in the 2024 Qualtrics® NPS study when compared to top national banks and select fintechs. THE #1 MOST LOVED BANKING APP is a Registered Trademark of Chime Financial, Inc.

§ 

With a qualifying direct deposit, earn cash back on eligible secured Chime Visa® Credit Card purchases. Please refer to the Secured Chime Visa® Credit Card - Cash Rewards Program Addendum for details and more information on rotating cash back categories.

‡ 

To be eligible for Chime+™ status you must receive a qualifying direct deposit to your Chime Checking Account in the preceding 34 days. Certain products marketed as Chime+ benefits have additional eligibility requirements. While some Chime+ benefits may have associated fees, none of these fees are mandatory to access Chime+ benefits or to maintain Chime+ status. See Chime+ Terms and Conditions for details. CHIME+ is a Trademark of Chime Financial, Inc.

** 

On-time payment history may have a positive impact on your credit score. Late payment may negatively impact your credit score. Chime will report your activities to Transunion®, Experian®, and Equifax®. Impact on your credit may vary, as Credit scores are independently determined by credit bureaus based on a number of factors including the financial decisions you make with other financial services organizations.

* 

Optional services and products may have fees or charges, such as outbound instant transfers, out-of-network transactions, and credit products. Learn more here.

1 

Out-of-network ATM withdrawal and OTC advance fees may apply. View The Bancorp agreement or Stride agreement for details; see back of card for issuer.

2 

SpotMe® on Credit is an optional, no interest/no fee overdraft line of credit tied to the Secured Deposit Account. SpotMe on Debit is an optional, no fee service attached to your Chime Checking Account (individually or collectively, "SpotMe"). Eligibility for SpotMe requires $200 or more in qualifying direct deposits to your Chime Checking Account each month.

Qualifying members will be allowed to overdraw their Chime Checking Account and/or their Secured Deposit Account up to $20 in total, but may be later eligible for a higher combined limit of up to $200 or more based on member’s Chime account history, direct deposit frequency and amount, spending activity and other risk-based factors. Your SpotMe Limit will be displayed to you within the Chime mobile app. You will receive notice of any changes to your SpotMe Limit. SpotMe for Credit and SpotMe on Debit share a single SpotMe limit. Your SpotMe Limit may change at any time, at Chime or its banking partners’ discretion. Although there are no overdraft fees, there may be out-of-network or third-party fees associated with ATM transactions or OTC cash withdrawal fees at retailers. SpotMe won’t cover non-card transactions, including ACH transfers, Pay Anyone transfers, or Chime Checkbook transactions. SpotMe Terms and Conditions.

3 

To be eligible for MyPay, you must receive qualifying direct deposits to your Chime Checking Account in the preceding 36 days as set forth in the MyPay Agreement. A qualifying direct deposit is a deposit from an employer, payroll provider, gig economy payer, government benefits payer, or other permitted source of income by Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) or Original Credit Transaction (“OCT”). Your MyPay Credit Limit and Maximum Available Advance may change at any time. MyPay is a line of credit and available limits are based on estimated income and risk-based criteria. Eligible members may be offered a $20 - $500 Credit Limit per pay period. Your Credit Limit and Maximum Available Advance will be displayed to you within the Chime app. MyPay is currently only available to eligible Chime members in certain states. Other restrictions may apply. See Bancorp MyPay Agreement or Stride MyPay Agreement for details.

4 

Option to get funds instantly for $2 per advance or get funds for free within 24 hours. See Bancorp MyPay Agreement or Stride MyPay Agreement for details.

5 

Early access to direct deposit funds depends on the timing of the submission of the payment file from the payer. We generally make these funds available on the day the payment file is received, which may be up to 2 days earlier than the scheduled payment date.

6 

Out-of-network ATM withdrawal and over the counter advance fees may apply except at MoneyPass ATMs in a 7-Eleven, or any Allpoint or Visa Plus Alliance ATM.

7 

Based on a representative study conducted by Experian® in Sept 2025, the top 10% of members who made their first purchase with Credit Builder, an earlier version of Chime Card, between April and August 2024, observed a FICO® Score 8 increase of 71 points after approximately 8 months. Average increase of 28 points across all participants in the study. Credit score improvement not guaranteed. Paying on time may increase your score, while late payment may decrease your score. Other credit activity can impact your score. Credit score is one of many factors creditors may consider in evaluating credit applications.

8 

To apply for a Chime Card, you must also open a Chime Checking Account.

9 

Sometimes instant transfers can be delayed. The recipient must use a valid debit card to claim funds. Once you are approved for a Chime Spending Account, see your issuing bank’s Deposit Account Agreement for full Pay Friends Transfers details. Please see the back of your Chime debit card for your issuing bank.See Terms and Conditions

10 

The Annual Percentage Yield ("APY") for the Chime Savings Account is variable and may change at any time. The disclosed APY rate is effective as of 10/15/2025. No minimum balance required. Must have $0.01 in savings to earn interest. The 3.50% Chime+ APY is available only while you maintain eligibility requirements for Chime+, otherwise the APY for non-Chime+ members will apply. See Chime+ Terms and Conditions for more details.

11 

National average APY rate is variable, current rates reported by the FDIC here.

12 

Once the retailer accepts your cash, the funds will be transferred to your selected Chime Account. Barcode and debit card cash deposits land in the Checking Account. Credit Builder card cash deposits first go through your Card Account and then land in your Secured Account. Cash deposit fees may apply if using a retailer other than Walgreens and Duane Reade.

13 

You must notify your financial institution immediately of any unauthorized use. For specific restrictions, limitations and other details, please consult your issuer.

Licenses
Chime Capital, LLC, Nationwide Multistate Licensing System ("NMLS") ID 2316451
Chime Payments, Inc., Nationwide Multistate Licensing System (“NMLS”) ID 2538752

Address: 101 California Street, Floor 5, San Francisco, CA 94111, United States.

No customer support available at HQ. Customer support details available on the website.

© 2013-2025 Chime Financial, Inc. All rights reserved.

Chime® is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A., Members FDIC.

Close