Skip to main content
English
Contact us
AWS Marketplace
Support
My account

Search

Sign in to console
Create account

Amazon Chime

Overview
Features
Pricing
Getting Started
Resources
FAQ
Customers
Products› Business Applications› Amazon Chime
Amazon Chime - video conferencing software

Amazon Chime is a communications service that lets you meet, chat, and place business calls inside and outside your organization, all using a single application

Attend meeting
End of support notice

On February 20, 2026, AWS will end support for the Amazon Chime service. After February 20, 2026, you will no longer be able to access the Amazon Chime console or Amazon Chime application resources. For more information, visit the blog post. 

Note: This does not impact the availability of the Amazon Chime SDK service.

Why Amazon Chime?

With Amazon Chime, customers can:

Conduct and attend online meetings with HD video, audio, screen sharing, meeting chat, dial-in numbers, and in-room video conference support;
Use chat and chat rooms for persistent communications across desktop and mobile devices;
Administer enterprise users, manage policies, and setup SSO or other advanced features in minutes using the Amazon Chime management console.

Amazon Chime offers an easy-to-use app available for Windows, Mac, web, iOS, and Android devices.

For a set of real-time communications components to quickly add messaging, audio, video, and screen sharing capabilities to your web or mobile applications, please visit Amazon Chime SDK.

Benefits
Choose how you communicate
Amazon Chime lets you choose the communication options that are best suited for your business. You have the option to choose from meetings, chat, and business calling. With Amazon Chime, you have the flexibility to choose the communication option that fits with your business needs, and the freedom to scale up or down as needed.
Use one app for all your communication
Amazon Chime lets you meet, chat, and place business phone calls with a single, secure application. You don’t need to switch between applications to collaborate and can instantly go from a chat to a call, share your screen, and even invite more people to join your meeting. When it’s time for your meeting, Amazon Chime will call you on all your devices to help ensure you are never late, and that your meetings start on time.
Pay only for what you use
Amazon Chime offers pay-per-use pricing which lets you pay for features you use, on the days that you use them. With pay-per-use pricing there’s no upfront investment or long-term contracts. You can switch between Basic features that don’t include a charge, and Pro features that do include a charge. You can use the right features for your business without worrying about overspending.
Blog posts and articles
Loading
Loading
Loading
Loading
Loading
How to get started with Amazon Chime
Use all Amazon Chime Pro features for your organization
Sign up
Join a meeting or sign up for Amazon Chime Basic for 1:1 meetings and chat
Attend a meeting or download clients
Create an AWS account
Learn
What Is AWS?
What Is Cloud Computing?
What Is Agentic AI?
Cloud Computing Concepts Hub
AWS Cloud Security
What's New
Blogs
Press Releases
Resources
Getting Started
Training
AWS Trust Center
AWS Solutions Library
Architecture Center
Product and Technical FAQs
Analyst Reports
AWS Partners
Developers
Builder Center
SDKs & Tools
.NET on AWS
Python on AWS
Java on AWS
PHP on AWS
JavaScript on AWS
Help
Contact Us
File a Support Ticket
AWS re:Post
Knowledge Center
AWS Support Overview
Get Expert Help
AWS Accessibility
Legal
English
Back to top
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.
Privacy
Site terms
Cookie Preferences
© 2025, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.