Chitchat - Talk to strangers Menu Open Menu Close Home Blog About Support Login Login Talk to strangers, Make friends! Experience a random chat alternative to find friends, connect with people, and chat with strangers from all over the world! Text Chat Video Chat Reach people like you Anonymous Chat, Meet new people Find strangers worldwide, the new modern Omegle and OmeTV alternative.
          Connect with real people, enjoy ad free text and video chats, and
          build genuine friendships. Strangers turned friends Chat with Random Strangers With Similar Interests Talk to online strangers who love what you love, Chat about
                hobbies and enjoy fun conversations - all from one place! Making
                new friends based on interests is made easy. Say hello to strangers worldwide Simple and Fun Video Chats Enjoy video chats with strangers worldwide, our platform is
                designed to make it easy and safe to connect with people from
                all over the world. Meet new people, make friends, and have fun! Make the most out of your chats From Strangers to Friends Discover new people, make real and genuine connections, learn
                new languages or just have casual text or video chats. Our
                platform is designed to help you experience the best of online
                chatting. The best site to Chat with Male and Female Strangers. Many text and video chat apps offer various features for meeting
          random strangers or chatting without bots, but not all of them are
          modern, secure and feature rich with a diverse interesting people from
          around the globe. Video Chat Experience authentic face to face encounters with real people from
            all over the world. Friends & History Had a fun chat but skipped by accident? Find them in your chat
            history and add them as a friend. Search Filters Want to narrow down your search? Use interests, genders or locations
            to filter the strangers you meet. Text Chat Not in the mood for video? No problem! You can also chat with
            strangers via text messages. Full of features. Safety & Moderation We make use of advanced AI technologies and enhanced spam protection
            to keep your chats clean. Feature rich From sending photos, videos, having voice calls, to sharing GIFs and
            adding avatars, we have it all. Don't take our word for it We've asked random strangers, both men and women, to try our Omegle alternative platform for video and text chat. Here's what they had to say about our safe space for chatting with strangers: — Chitchat.gg is the best Omegle alternative I've tried! It made connecting with strangers through video chat fun and easy. It's user-friendly, quick, and I've had engaging conversations with people worldwide. A fantastic way to meet new people and find friends in a safe environment. Stranger #1 Beta Tester I recently felt lonely and struggled to make friends, but this Monkey app and Ome.tv alternative changed that. It's simple to find someone to text chat or video chat with, and I've made new friends from all over the globe. We've even added each other on Discord and Snapchat. A real game-changer for safely chatting with strangers! Stranger #2 Skeptical at first, I quickly became a fan of this platform as an alternative to ChatHub and Omegle. It's spam-free, well-moderated, and helped me connect with people from around the world through both text and video chat. I've used platforms like Omegle before, but this one is the best for safe, random chat experiences. Stranger #3 I've tried many platforms to video chat with strangers, but they were all flawed. Chitchat seems like the best Omegle alternative, and I've been really enjoying it! I hope it becomes the number one platform for random video chat because it really deserves it. I've made lots of friends from different countries and I'm thrilled with the safe, fun environment it provides. Stranger #4 Premium User Stay in the loop Join our Discord Server to get updates before anyone else. Join Discord Contact Us Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Community Guidelines Refund Policy instagram twitter discord tiktok All rights reserved. BeFriendsWith LTD.