Chocolate Skip to content Chocolate Programmatic Video Advertising Premium Solutions For Advertiser For Publisher About Us Team Events Careers Press & News Resources Blog Insights GDPR CCPA login Sign Up Home Chocolate Premium Worlds' First Video SSP With 100% Server-Side Auctions Learn More Connecting Premium Brands With Premium Publishers An Invite-Only Platform 100% server-side auctions High Viewability & VCR Bid Enrichment Ideal SPO Unique & Premium Supply In-Stream and Out-Stream Video Ads Learn More Our Video Advertising Solutions Chocolate Premium Invite-only video SSP connecting premium brands with premium publishers at scale Get Started Learn More Solution For Advertiser Scale, transparency & quality inventory for your Mobile Video Ads needs Get Started Learn More Solution For Publisher Unlock the true potential of your mobile inventory with industry leading eCPMs & Fill Rates Get Started Learn More Why Is A Server-Side Auction Valuable for a Programmatic Buyer? No Latency All auctions are conducted in a server, the user's browser is unaffected which reduces the page load time considerable and improves the overall latency Suited for Video Ads Video bidding is managed over a server and has no impact on web page load time. Additionally, all major OTT advertising is done server-to-server since there is no open ended webpage ecosystem Ideal SPO Server-side auction involves minimum hassle and steps for buyers to reach their desired audience. No complex header wrappers and tags to navigate. Learn More In The News Recommended For You Top 10 Programmatic Conferences to Attend in H2 2020 (Including Virtual Conferences) Name              :   Programmatic Punch US … Learn More COVID-19 Affecting Change In Programmatic Video Advertising The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted public health as well as … Learn More Programmatic Buyers: What it really means to buy server-side supply from Chocolate Premium SSP? There has been so much written about header bidding and … Learn More Read More Get In Touch We love  to hear from you and are happy to answer any questions. If you're looking for a dazzling blend of glamour, entertainment, and heart-racing casino excitement, then look no further than the "Funky Time Casino Show." Set in a world where casino games come alive with thrilling performances, the show promises an unmatched experience that engages both the casino enthusiast and the avid show-goer. Every spin of the wheel, every toss of a card is paired with gripping theatrical elements that make you feel like you're in the heart of Las Vegas! The electrifying music, the opulent costumes, and the mesmerizing choreographies leave the audience asking for more. Want to catch a glimpse or book your next big night out? Dive into the captivating world of the Funky Time Casino Show by visiting their official website https://funkytimeshow.com/ . Join in for a night of unparalleled fun and entertainment! Request a Free Demo Get Started Our Offices Tweets by @@Video_Chocolate jackpot menggoda mahjong ways panen cuan beruntun mahjong ways 2 main mahjong dompet makin berat cuan ngalir tanpa henti mahjong ways 2 Quick Links Premium | Video SSP Blog About Us Careers Contact Us Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Copyright Chocolateplatform.com . DBA Chocolate All Right Reserved. Marketplace Agreement Privacy Policy Ad Choices Opt Out This site uses cookies for various purposes. By continuing, you consent to our Privacy Policy