Skip to main content
Research
Careers
International
Donate Now
MyCHOP Portal
Get Care
Toggle sub-navigation
Patients & Families
Toggle sub-navigation
Healthcare Professionals
Toggle sub-navigation
Locations
Specialties
Welcome
Breakthroughs. Every day.
Search
Login to MyCHOP
Find a doctor
Find a location
Get a second opinion
Find care you can count on

Whether it’s a quick trip to urgent care or a specialist visit for a complex condition, we’re here for your family, when and where you need us. Discover our full spectrum of expert care, for everything from the routine to the rare. 

What we offer

Explore care options
Emergency care
Urgent care
Primary care
Specialty care
Best in nation year after year

We're thrilled to once again be named one of the Best Children’s Hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report! From clinical expertise to life-changing research, we offer best-in-nation pediatric care for everything from the routine to the rare.

SPOTLIGHT
Driven to discovery

At Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, we are charting the unknown. Fueled by an endless curiosity, we translate groundbreaking research into life-changing solutions for every child we serve. 

Learn about innovation at CHOP
The Future of Personalized Medicine is Here: KJ’s Story

KJ received a first-of-its-kind personalized gene editing therapy at CHOP to treat his urea cycle disorder.

Read KJ's story
Caring for your child at every age

At every age, and every stage, we’re here for your child – and for you. Learn from our leading experts how to support your child’s health, from birth through young adulthood.

Explore resources for families
Empowering community health, together

We know improving child health means addressing the challenges families face outside the walls of our hospital. Learn how we’re partnering with community and government leaders to create healthier futures for children across our region.

Discover our impact
World's First Patient Treated with Personalized CRISPR Gene Editing Therapy at CHOP

Landmark study from CHOP and Penn Medicine showcases the power of customized gene editing therapy to treat patient with rare metabolic disease.

Learn more
CHOP Ranked One of the Best Children’s Hospitals in the Nation by U.S. News & World Report

CHOP has once again been named one of the Best Children’s Hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.

Learn more
Addressing pediatric health misinformation

We are surveying CHOP healthcare professionals to learn what topics families are telling them are common sources of conflicting information. We’ll share the trends and the facts on Pediatric Health Chat each month.

Learn more
Triple your impact for kids!

Right now, your unrestricted holiday gift goes three times as far in supporting groundbreaking research, lifesaving treatments and world-class care. Donate by Dec. 31 to have your gift tripled!

Donate today
3401 Civic Center Blvd.
Philadelphia, PA 19104
About CHOP
Careers
Our mission
Innovation
Newsroom
Get Care
Find a doctor
Find a location
Find a specialty
Get a second opinion
Patients & Families
Insurance & billing
Price transparency
Know my rights about surprise medical bills
Caring for your child
Healthcare Providers
Refer a patient
Clinical pathways
Ways to Give
Get involved
Make a gift
Directory

Appointments & Information

1-800-879-2467

 

Foundation

267-426-5332

 

Research

215-590-3800

 

Referring Physicians

1-800-879-2467

Sign up for newsletters

Be among the first to know about our latest breakthroughs.

Subscribe here
Join the conversation.
Language Assistance/Auxiliary Aids and Services Available
English
Español
العربية
繁體中文
Deitsch
ગુજરાતી
Deutsch
हिंदी
Italiano
Tagalog
Polski
Tiếng Việt
Français
Português
नेपाली
한국어
Русский
Kreyòl Ayisyen
українська мова
తెలుగు
Terms of use 
Ethics & compliance 
HIPAA notice of privacy practices 
Privacy policy 
Feedback about website 
Feedback about experience 
Transparency in coverage 
Website, Mobile Application, and Digital Asset Accessibility Statement 
Notice of Non-Discrimination
©2025 The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is a charitable 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.
Jump back to top
CHOP has updated its Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the terms set forth in the updated Privacy Policy. This website, including web pages intended for health care professionals, uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. Further information is available in our Privacy Policy.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies