Free Guitar Chords, Tabs, Tablature, Song Library Home Songs Artists Public books My song book Resources Forum Update 25:10. 13:00. Site is back up running again. Songbooks are recovered. Woring on getting search back up.. Search Prev Category Next Category Absolute beginner todays top 5 1 Mother Pink Floyd 2 Under the Bridge Red Hot Chili Peppers 3 Brown Eyed Girl Van Morrison 4 Turn the Page Bob Seger 5 Here I Go Again Whitesnake view top 20 Blues todays top 5 1 Son of a Preacher Man Dusty Springfield 2 For Your Love The Yardbirds 3 Runaround Sue Dion 4 Let It Be The Beatles 5 Ain’t Misbehavin’ Fats Waller view top 20 Mandolin collections todays top 5 1 This Side Nickel Creek 2 Illegal Smile John Prine 3 Dark Angel Blue Rodeo 4 Creep Radiohead 5 Bad Moon Rising Creedence Clearwater Revival view top 20 Christmas todays top 5 1 White Christmas Bing Crosby 2 Mr. Jones Counting Crows 3 I Wanna Be Sedated Ramones 4 I Heard It Through the Grapevine Creedence Clearwater Revival 5 2000 Miles The Pretenders view top 20 Forum posts Chordie has one most inspiring guitar forums on the Internet. A great source for all kind of guitar related issues. Everyone can read. Register to post. Here are the heading of the last posts: REGISTER FOR FREE! Registering for personal songbooks on Chordie is absolutely free, and you do not have to give away any personal information or credit card information. To avoid spam-accounts we need you to confirm your email-address. Do never use the same password for protecting your songbook as you do for something that is valuable. Use a simple password that is easy to remember. If anyone asks you for private information, credit card information in relation to login to Chordie - Contact me . Cool Chordie T-shirts! US shop Chordie features Search the Internet for guitar chords and tabs/tablatures. Transpose to another key Graphical chord grids High quality formatting Mobile browsing - when you are on the road High print quality Unique songbook feature New daily toplists News Tweets 25 Oct, 2020 Running again! Up again after major crash! 26 Jul, 2020 Major upgrade Improved search and a lot of other fixes 11 Jul, 2020 Upgrade coming Major upgrade is coming soon Recent public songbook A2Chaudiere Lodge Songboo A2 Chaudiere Lodge jam night songbook Strum a long 1 The ORIGINAL easy strum My Songbook Vol 2 Vol 2 GBlunt1950 songbook Favorites from the 60's, 70's 80's About chordie Guitar chords and guitar tablature made easy. Chordie is a search engine for finding guitar chords and guitar tabs. play their songs buy their music support the artists Copyright © 2025 chordie guitar chords - PRIVACY POLICY