Chowhound - The Site for Food Nerds: Cooking Tips, Culinary How-To's, & More. Recipes Course Dish Type Main Ingredients Drink Recipes Dietary Considerations Preparation Cuisine Cooking Baking Grilling & Smoking Drinks Coffee & Tea Cocktails & Spirits Beer & Wine Mixology & Techniques Kitchen Tips How-To Kitchen Tools Storage & Preservation Cleaning Design & Decor Shopping Shopping Tips Stores & Chains Facts Food Science Food History Restaurants Fast Food Pizzerias Coffee Shops Eat Like A Local Atlanta, Georgia Chicago, Illinois Denver, Colorado Las Vegas, Nevada Los Angeles, California Miami, Florida New Orleans, Louisiana New York City, New York San Francisco, California Gardening Features Newsletter About Editorial Policies Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 Static Media . All Rights Reserved Chowhound - The Site for Food Nerds: Cooking Tips, Culinary How-To's, & More. Recipes Cooking Drinks Kitchen Shopping Facts Restaurants Eat Like A Local Gardening Features Newsletter Cooking By Crystal Antonace Why This Cheese Is My Go-To For The Hands-Down Best Ham Sandwich If your ham and cheese sandwich feels lacking, think bigger. This staple doesn't have to be boring. It's all about choosing the right cheese. Read More Chicago, Illinois By Monika Sudakov 9 Chicago Steakhouses Every Meat Lover Should Visit This isn't a time to seek out a blue plate special. If you want the best steak that money can buy in the Windy City, head to one of these steakhouses. Read More Cooking By Julia Mullaney Give Your Potato Salad A Kick Of Spice With This Creamy Addition At its simplest, potato salad is just a few spuds folded in with a mayo dressing. But you can easily give it more flavor with spicy additions like this one. Read More Cooking By Jennifer M. McNeill Your Burger Needs More Crunch. We Found The Perfect, Unexpected Topping For That Texture can make or break a burger. And considering all those soft, juicy, and saucy elements in there, this crunchy topping will add a much-needed contrast. Read More More Stories Stores and Chains Stores and Chains By Amanda Berkey 3 hours ago Before Amazon, Everyone Ordered Home And Kitchen Products Here: Do You Remember The Brand? While Amazon has become a ubiquitous e-commerce platform, there was one business that many people relied on for their home and kitchen goods. By Amanda Berkey 3 hours ago Read More Costco Costco By Jennifer Magid 4 hours ago The One Reason Costco Gives Executive Members The VIP Treatment Costco has two main membership tiers: Gold Star and Executive. Here's why the latter gets extra special treatment, plus what those exclusive perks are. By Jennifer Magid 4 hours ago Read More Shopping Tips Shopping Tips By Emily M Alexander 4 hours ago We Put 9 Kettle Potato Chip Flavors To The Test, Only 1 Came Out On Top Kettle has many enticing chip flavors to choose from, so we set out to find the absolute best. Something tells us it won't be the flavor you expected, either. By Emily M Alexander 4 hours ago Read More Cocktails And Spirits Cocktails And Spirits By Megan Shoop-Volz 4 hours ago Ditch Baileys: Making Your Own Irish Cream Liqueur Couldn't Be Easier Baileys will certainly work in a pinch, but if you want a tastier version at a fraction of the price, try making your own version at home. Here's how. By Megan Shoop-Volz 4 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Amanda Berkey 5 hours ago Mountain Pies Are The Affordable, Customizable Treat Your Campfire Cookouts Are Missing These warm Uncrustables-style sandwiches are a classic campfire treat. You even customize the pies by giving them sweet or savory spins. By Amanda Berkey 5 hours ago Read More Costco Costco By Julia Mullaney 5 hours ago This Kirkland Version Of A Nostalgic Treat Isn't Worth The Money You'll Save Most Costco members are fans of the store for its high-quality, low-priced goods. Still, not every product is a win. Here's one you shouldn't add to the cart. By Julia Mullaney 5 hours ago Read More Shopping Tips Shopping Tips By Sara Klimek 5 hours ago 6 Baker-Recommended Cocoa Powder Brands You Should Be Buying Experts share not only their top recommendations for cocoa powder brands, but also how best to use them to unlock their utmost chocolatey potential. By Sara Klimek 5 hours ago Read More Shopping Tips Shopping Tips By Jenna Rapsis 6 hours ago Why We Ranked This Pork Rind Brand The Hands-Down Best In Our Taste Test — They're So Crispy And Flavorful We tasted nine popular store-bought pork rind brands, and there was one clear winner. It hit the mark with both taste and texture of the pork rinds. By Jenna Rapsis 6 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Shriya Swaminathan 6 hours ago The 'Melting' Technique That Upgrades Pretty Much Any Vegetable Melting vegetables isn't as magical as it sounds. It's a simple cooking technique that elevates vegetables into a delicious, umami-filled wonder. By Shriya Swaminathan 6 hours ago Read More Pizzerias Pizzerias By Macy Sandel 7 hours ago The Pizza Restaurant Alton Brown Absolutely Loves For Its Crab Rangoon Pie If you're ever in Des Moines, Iowa, and have a hankering for a slice, this fusion restaurant has earned high praise from Alton Brown for its crab rangoon pizza. By Macy Sandel 7 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Sara Klimek 7 hours ago 10 Ways To Elevate Canned Chicken For Affordable Meals Canned chicken can be a quick and easy way to add protein to your diet. Find out all the creative ways you can upgrade this pantry staple for a tasty meal. By Sara Klimek 7 hours ago Read More Coffee And Tea Coffee And Tea By Megan Shoop-Volz 7 hours ago The Unexpected Syrup Flavor You Need To Add To Your Coffee ASAP Forget classic vanilla or cooling peppermint, there's one floral syrup that you should seriously consider adding to your coffee for a more balanced drink. By Megan Shoop-Volz 7 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Sean Pagnotti 8 hours ago The Right Way To Fry Your Eggs With Water You've heard of frying eggs with butter or oil, but have you ever tried frying them in water? Here's why this method works so well for your morning eggs. By Sean Pagnotti 8 hours ago Read More Stores and Chains Stores and Chains By Eugenia Lazaris 9 hours ago Don't Skip These Best New Aldi Finds In January 2026 Aldi is known for its "Aldi Finds," a rotating list of limited-time products. Here are the seasonal items that you'll find at your local Aldi this January. By Eugenia Lazaris 9 hours ago Read More Design & Decor Design & Decor By Emmy Schneider-Green 9 hours ago The Nostalgic 1960s Kitchen Design I'm Bringing Back A Chowhound writer explains how and why she brought back one of the most distinctive trends of the '60s: the iconic avocado green appliance. By Emmy Schneider-Green 9 hours ago Read More Trader Joe's Trader Joe's By Jennifer M. McNeill 9 hours ago Wait, Aldi Sells Trader Joe's Products? (Yes, But Not In The US) Step into a European Aldi, and you just might find some Trader Joe's products scattered throughout the store. In U.S. Aldi locations, though, no such luck. By Jennifer M. McNeill 9 hours ago Read More Shopping Shopping By Tim Forster 10 hours ago Why Are Bananas So Cheap? It's Complicated Bananas are one of the cheapest fruits despite the fact that most of them are imported to the U.S. There are a few reasons why they're so inexpensive. By Tim Forster 10 hours ago Read More Pizzerias Pizzerias By Macy Sandel 10 hours ago How One Small Chain Turned Taco Pizza Into A Staple Iowa Dish You may have enjoyed taco pizza before, but you likely didn't know it's an Iowan creation that started in this small, local pizza chain. By Macy Sandel 10 hours ago Read More Cooking Cooking By Craig Mattson 11 hours ago The Unexpected Pantry Staple That Brings Deep Flavor To Pot Roast If you're looking to jazz up your go-to pot roast recipe, this simple ingredient can add a new depth of flavor and richness to the taste of the dish. By Craig Mattson 11 hours ago Read More Restaurants Restaurants By Suzanne S. Wiley 11 hours ago 5 Dishes To Avoid Ordering At Red Robin, Based On Reviews The Red Robin restaurant chain is known for its yummy gourmet burgers, but there are some items on the menu that reviewers say you should skip. By Suzanne S. Wiley 11 hours ago Read More Design & Decor Design & Decor By Jennifer Magid 11 hours ago Pottery Barn Copycats: The Decorative Bowls Amazon Has For Less If you love the look of Pottery Barn's chic decorative bowls, there are plenty of more affordable options on the market with a similar look. By Jennifer Magid 11 hours ago Read More Shopping Tips Shopping Tips By Eugenia Lazaris 13 hours ago Wild-Caught Or Farm-Raised Fish: Does It Make A Difference Which One You Buy? All the fish you find at your supermarket were either wild-caught or farm-raised, and there are differences in the final product. Here's what you should know. By Eugenia Lazaris 13 hours ago Read More Restaurants Restaurants By Andrew Amelinckx 15 hours ago The 1960s Steakhouse Chain Known For Its Cowboy-Sized Portions Has Just 31 Remaining Locations A lot happened in the 1960s, including the creation of a steakhouse chain serving up filling meals featuring sizable cuts of beef. Here's what to know. By Andrew Amelinckx 15 hours ago Read More Stores and Chains Stores and Chains By Amanda Berkey 20 hours ago This Little-Known Walmart Perk Lets You Earn Cash Back On Your Purchases If you regularly shop at Walmart, you'll want to know about this cash back rewards system that could help you save on future purchases. Here's how it works. By Amanda Berkey 20 hours ago Read More Restaurants Restaurants By Julia Mullaney 21 hours ago Don't Skip The Fried Clams At This Guy Fieri-Approved East Coast Seafood Chain If you see this restaurant on your next trip to Florida or New York, make sure you order the fried clams. Here's exactly where you can find this seafood chain. By Julia Mullaney 21 hours ago Read More Costco Costco By Brianna Gunter 21 hours ago Costco's Best New Items To Grab In January 2026 Shopping at Costco at the start of the year is a resolution you should keep. Among the many options to choose from, these are the deals worth snagging. By Brianna Gunter 21 hours ago Read More Food History Food History By Eloise Rollins-Fife 22 hours ago The 2011 Snack Cake Controversy That Posed Major Health And Safety Risks It looked like a brownie and tasted like a brownie, but it had a large dose of a certain supplement that had people concerned. By Eloise Rollins-Fife 22 hours ago Read More Back Next About Privacy Policy © 2025 Static Media ® Chowhound.com All Rights Reserved More From Static Media BGR Cuteness Explore Foodie Food Republic Garden Guides Glam Grunge Health Digest House Digest Hunker Islands Jalopnik Looper Mashed Money Digest Nicki Swift Outdoor Guide PlanetWare Sciencing SlashFilm SlashGear SVG Tasting Table The Daily Meal The List The Takeout TVLine Women Wrestling Inc.