Search
TRENDING:
10 NOTABLE CHRISTIAN LEADERS, INFLUENCERS WHO DIED IN 2025GRANDMOTHER CRIMINALLY CHARGED FOR INVITING PEOPLE TO CHAT OUTSIDE HOSPITALTHIS WEEK IN CHRISTIAN HISTORY: ‘AMAZING GRACE’ FIRST SUNGWOMAN WIELDING DAGGER ATTACKS CHURCH SERVICEHOW DO YOU PREPARE YOUR MIND FOR 2026?
Log InSubscribe

The Christian Post

Skip to main content
SECTIONS
Home Page
Latest News
Featured
Special Series
Opinion
Church & Ministries
U.S.
World
Politics
Entertainment
Living
Business
Sports
Education
Books
Travel
Podcast News
Topics
Give to CP's Mission
MORE
Newsletters
Videos
Podcasts
CP Insider
Events
Brand Solutions
Shopping
Deals
Job Board
Go
CURRENT EDITION:
ENGLISHESPAÑOL中文
TUESDAY, DEC 30, 2025
Log InSubscribe
TRENDING:
10 NOTABLE CHRISTIAN LEADERS, INFLUENCERS WHO DIED IN 2025
GRANDMOTHER CRIMINALLY CHARGED FOR INVITING PEOPLE TO CHAT OUTSIDE HOSPITAL
THIS WEEK IN CHRISTIAN HISTORY: ‘AMAZING GRACE’ FIRST SUNG
WOMAN WIELDING DAGGER ATTACKS CHURCH SERVICE
HOW DO YOU PREPARE YOUR MIND FOR 2026?
Headlines
Ritual bath bearing ash uncovered in Jerusalem testifies to Second Temple destruction, archaeologists say

Excavations beneath the Western Wall Plaza uncovered a rock-hewn mikveh, or ritual bath, dating to the final days of the Second Temple period and providing insight about the days leading up to the Romans' destruction of Jerusalem and burning of the Jewish temple. 

Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit at Museum of the Bible invites nonbelievers to witness 'power' of biblical texts
Archaeologists unearth massive wall at site where Jesus healed blind man in Gospel of John
Rare First Temple-era Assyrian inscription found in Jerusalem confirms connection with ancient Judah
Top Christian News
Okla. pastor recovering from stab wounds after woman wielding dagger attacks church service

An Oklahoma pastor is recovering from stab wounds after an altercation at his church last week. 

Franklin Graham accuses Dem lawmakers of selling their souls, bashes support for males in women's sports

Evangelist Franklin Graham has accused Democrats in Washington of selling their souls for power, speaking out against lawmakers who urged the U.S. Supreme Court to allow male trans-identified athletes to participate in sports designated for females.

WaPo slammed for calling Trump officials' Christ-centered Christmas posts 'sectarian'

The Washington Post faced criticism for an article and X post last week that described Christmas messages from Trump administration officials as "sectarian" because they mentioned Jesus Christ as Savior.

LATEST
Pastor, wife spearhead 'inclusive ministry' model for people with disabilities

California pastor Russ Ewell and his wife, Gail, know firsthand the struggles of finding churches that know how to care for and minister to their children with severe disabilities, a barrier within church and community settings they are now helping congregations break. 

Churches should pay for weddings to promote marriage, think tank says

Amid a declining marriage rate, the Centre for Social Justice, a London-based conservative think tank, has urged the Church of England to remove wedding fees for low-income couples to help make the United Kingdom  a “pro-family, pro-marriage nation.”

Houston Texans coach DeMeco Ryans praises team's belief in Jesus as they clinch playoffs

Houston Texans head coach DeMeco Ryans gave all glory to God after his team secured a spot in the National Football League playoffs this weekend, praising his players for their faith in Christ. 

Evangelist's murder sparks widespread grief in Uganda

Muslim extremists in Uganda killed an evangelist after a public Christian-Muslim dialogue event earlier this month.

Who were all the Herods in the New Testament?

When you read the New Testament, you often come across the name Herod. There were different rulers called Herod who formed part of the background history of Jesus and the New Testament. This is the story …

Trans-identified TV characters rose slightly in 2025, but most may not return next season: report

The number of transgender-identified characters on TV is on the rise even as many of the shows on which they appear won't return next season, according to a report from an LGBT media watchdog.

Pakistan's state-backed Christmas celebrations offer rare break from history of extremism

Government-sponsored Christmas celebrations in Pakistan this year marked a historic departure from the country’s decades-long struggle with religious extremism — where religious minorities, including Christians, have been targeted in bombings, mob attacks and discriminatory practices.

10 notable Christian leaders, influencers who died in 2025

In a year marked by Donald Trump's return to the White House, peace efforts in the Middle East and Eastern Europe and economic uncertainty, the world also mourned the loss of several notable Christian leaders and public figures. Here are 10 notable Christian deaths that occurred in 2025.

‘Treated as a criminal’: Grandmother criminally charged for inviting people to chat outside hospital

A 75-year-old woman has been criminally charged in Glasgow for standing near a hospital with a sign inviting people to chat. She is accused of violating Scotland’s buffer zone law, which prohibits influencing behavior near abortion facilities.

This week in Christian history: ‘Amazing Grace’ first sung, Robert Boyle's thunderstorm conversion experience

Events that happened this week in Christian history include the first performance of “Amazing Grace,” Robert Boyle’s conversion experience and John Wycliffe's suffering of a stroke.

Ghana’s Komba people receive complete Bible that could help preserve language from extinction

Ghana's Komba people received their complete Bible after 16 years of dedicated translation work. Translators hope that this Bible will deepen faith and serve as a major repository for preserving the Komba language and culture from extinction.

The Christian Post's top 10 news stories of 2025 (part 2)

Here is a recap of 2025's top stories that were of interest to readers of The Christian Post.

OPINION
JOHN STONESTREET
Year 2025 was a mixed bag for human dignity
DANIEL TIMOTHEOS YOHANNAN
Here’s how you can pray to start 2026
ROBIN SCHUMACHER
Why every Christian (including me) will stay in the faith in 2026
SAM RAINER
The 12 best questions to ask before going to a new church
JOHN STONESTREET
Let's evaluate the 'Charlie Kirk effect'
DAN DELZELL
Why you should set up your spiritual tripod
NORRIS GRUBBS
The best day of my semester was at a Miss. prison
HORMOZ SHARIAT
Persecution in Iran: What is happening and what should we do?
JOHN B. CARPENTER
Tucker Carlson and bad theology go hand-in-hand
RICHARD D. LAND
The Rob Reiner tragedy: How should Christians respond?
TONY PERKINS
Trump admin's drug policy is incoherent
CHUCK BENTLEY
How do you prepare your mind for 2026?
JAMES BLACK
The world is still dark — Christ is still the light
PATTI GARIBAY
The Nativity scene makes no earthly sense
DANIEL TIMOTHEOS YOHANNAN
A miracle when the Good News was shared one Christmas
ROBIN SCHUMACHER
Celebrating the wrong Jesus of Christmas
KAELEY HARMS
Defiant joy this Christmas
RYAN BOMBERGER
I should've been aborted. When I met my late birthmom's family
CHUCK LAWLESS
A Christmas devotion for tired, discouraged church leaders
MARK CREECH
7 timeless truths about the incarnation of Christ
JAMES HARDEN
I'm with Sen. Josh Hawley. Being pro-life wins elections.
ROBIN SCHUMACHER
Does your prayer change God’s mind?
SINCLAIR FERGUSON
Should we celebrate Christmas?
SAMUEL RODRIGUEZ
This Christmas, what does it mean to love like Jesus?
JOHN STONESTREET
Top story of 2025: Persecution in Nigeria
JULIA BAER
My encounter with Santa taught me a lot about prayer
VIJAY JAYARAJ
This is the daily reality that many climate debates ignore
HEDIEH MIRAHMADI
Wave of terror recently is not a random misfortune
MIKE SHARROW
Christmas wasn't a quaint, quiet affair. It was an invasion.
HANNAH LAPE
No, feminism isn't fixed by repealing the 19th Amendment
RICHARD D. LAND
María Corina Machado is truly a heroine for our time
KAELEY HARMS
Feeling you don't matter this Christmas? Look at this story
CHUCK BENTLEY
Debt is robbing our joy
OSCAR AMAECHINA
What will Christmas 2025 look like for Christians in Nigeria?
STEVE RUSSELL
When a rich man gave up his 'toys' to follow Jesus to the Amazon
JOSHUA ARNOLD
Massacres and mass shootings are everywhere. How can Christmas bring hope?
CARL R. TRUEMAN
How critical theory paved the way for Nick Fuentes
YAEL ECKSTEIN
Bondi Beach terror attack on Hanukkah: The world doesn't need less faith right now
JOHN STONESTREET AND TIMOTHY D PADGETT
When Christians don’t 'get with the times,' they change empires
TONY PERKINS
Obamacare is collapsing. Republicans should let it
Pastor Robert Jeffress reveals how the IRS targeted his church
MOST POPULAR
Why every Christian (including me) will stay in the faith in 2026
The 12 best questions to ask before going to a new church
Let's evaluate the 'Charlie Kirk effect'
Okla. pastor recovering from stab wounds after woman wielding dagger attacks church service
Pakistan's state-backed Christmas celebrations offer rare break from history of extremism
PODCASTS
New Year’s Eve Bombing Plot, Faith Leader Anet Jackson Dies, Texas Judge Sues Over Same-Sex Marriages
07:04
How Christian Evangelist David Wilkerson Targeted Drug Addicts and Gang Members to Totally Transform Lives
13:17
Is Religious Liberty in Danger? America's True History of Faith and Freedom
16:49
MAJOR UPDATE: A Father’s Fight Against Trans Medicalization Could Change Everything
15:06
MUST READ
Embattled chaplains group forms new denomination named Anglican Reformed Catholic Church
Maine church sues UMC, claims denomination is wrongfully trying to take over property
Trump 2.0: A weekly review of the president’s second term
Psychologist defends therapy for unwanted same-sex attraction after Milo spotlight: 'Clients deserve the right'
Top conservative rebukes of Trump for 'grotesque' Rob Reiner death post
World Vision distributes toys to children in Jamaica impacted by Hurricane Melissa
'None of the government's business' what pastors preach on Sundays, Robert Jeffress tells DOJ religious liberty panel
Grace Community Church mourns murder of member, celebrated Christian singer Jubilant Sykes
Pastor outraged after friend jailed for refusing to apologize over drag queen story hour protest: 'Minions of Satan'
Skillet's John Cooper talks legalism, absolute truth and ‘demonic’ label on new Christmas song
A look at how world’s 5 Communist countries are cracking down on Christians: report
Did India deny a visa to Franklin Graham ahead of a crusade? Here's what we know
As Christians put more trust in AI, pastor warns of idolatry
Several major US retailers placed on 'Naughty List' for failure to embrace Christmas this year
Dearborn pastor who clashed with Muslim mayor urges love, courage: 'Do not be afraid'
MORE TOP STORIES
Trump's week in review: Targeting ISIS in Nigeria, $3K to illegal immigrants who self-deport
Over 330,000 people sign petition opposing Macron's '21st century mark' on Notre-Dame
Amy Coney Barrett warns of attacks on free speech in UK, discusses Dobbs decision
‘Concerning’: US gov’t speaks out after Christian woman prosecuted in UK for silently praying
FEATURED
Lutheran group details ongoing work of leading Somali outreach in Minnesota

As the Trump administration prepares to deploy 100 ICE agents to Minnesota, home to an estimated 87,000 people with Somali ties, Lutheran church leaders are pushing back against federal immigration enforcement actions with evangelism.

Pro-life leader seeks to make 'peaceful civil disobedience' new pillar of the pro-life mov't

As abortion continues to wane as a top issue of concern for American voters, some pro-life groups are resorting to “peaceful civil disobedience” by organizing abortion clinic blockades and using their arrests to bring greater awareness to the fight to save babies in the womb.

Christian ethnic cleansing survivors given new homes, aim to spark ‘revival’ of Armenian village

Several families displaced by ethnic cleansing in their ancient Christian homeland more than two years ago were given new homes and plots of land on Tuesday through a charitable initiative seeking to help revitalize a rural Armenian mountain village. 

MORE NEWS
Minn. community mourns beloved pastor, chaplain who died after helping motorist stuck in snow
The Christian Post's top 10 news stories of 2025 (part 1)
72% of Americans, most Republicans say Trump's Reiner post 'inappropriate': YouGov
US conducts 'powerful and deadly strike' against ISIS in Nigeria on Christmas Day
King Charles III, incoming archbishop of Canterbury push 'diversity,' immigration on Christmas
Who was Saint Stephen and why do Christians remember him?
CHURCH & MINISTRIES
Over 330,000 people sign petition opposing Macron's '21st century mark' on Notre-Dame
Embattled chaplains group forms new denomination named Anglican Reformed Catholic Church
Who was Saint Stephen and why do Christians remember him on Dec. 26?
U.S.
Minn. community mourns beloved pastor, chaplain who died after helping motorist stuck in snow
Kristi Noem urges illegal immigrants to self-deport with $3K bonus or risk deportation, never returning to the US
Virginia ministry brings hope of Christmas to inmates, correctional staff facing holiday isolation
WORLD
‘Concerning’: US gov’t speaks out after Christian woman prosecuted in UK for silently praying
US conducts 'powerful and deadly strike' against ISIS in Nigeria on Christmas Day
King Charles III, incoming archbishop of Canterbury push 'diversity,' immigration on Christmas
POLITICS
Trump's week in review: Targeting ISIS in Nigeria, $3K to illegal immigrants who self-deport
Democrat-led states sue HHS over push to defund hospitals that perform sex-change procedures on minors
72% of Americans, most Republicans say Trump's Reiner post 'inappropriate': YouGov
ENTERTAINMENT
'Gate Zero' video game update: Templar Media acquires Bible X to expand 'highly anticipated' Bible-based gaming experience
StubHub apologizes after listing Christian concert about Jesus as a heavy metal show
Russell Brand charged with additional rape, sexual assault offenses
LIVING
Christians' Scripture engagement shows hunger for in-depth Bible reading: study
Ultra-processed foods fueling chronic diseases, mental illnesses globally: study
Travel: Visiting Branson and Ken Ham’s new Truth Traveler
BUSINESS
Hobby Lobby giving away 500,000 copies of 'The Case for Christmas'
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman among investors in embryo gene-editing venture
New AI-powered ‘Business Bible' app links Wall Street headlines to scriptural wisdom
SPORTS
Fernando Mendoza thanks God after winning Heisman Trophy: 'Doesn’t feel real'
Indiana QB, Heisman finalist Fernando Mendoza gives 'all the glory to God' after Big Ten championship
2026 FIFA World Cup 'Pride Match' to feature 2 anti-LGBT countries: 'Irrational move'
EDUCATION
California can't allow schools to hide gender identity of kids from their parents, judge rules
University says trans-identified instructor who flunked Christian student no longer has teaching duties
University of Washington wrong to punish professor for parodying school policy: appeals court
BOOKS
Christian actress beats New Age books at No. 1 with devotional: 'People are seeking truth'
NT Wright: Western Christians have misread Heaven, the End Times, spiritual warfare
Bear Grylls says writing about Jesus was the ‘hardest thing’ he’s ever done: ‘It’s a battleground’
PODCAST
Amy Coney Barrett warns of attacks on free speech in UK, discusses Dobbs decision
America's most sinful cities: What you need to know
Should churches and pastors share politics from the pulpit? History of the Johnson Amendment
BLOGS
Three Game Changing Commitments for the New Year-
New Ohio State Football Docuseries Shows Miraculous Run Toward 'Redemption'
The Fine Art of Returning Christmas Gifts (Like a Holiday Ninja)
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Should churches and pastors share politics from the pulpit? History of the Johnson Amendment
Okla. lawmaker urges constituents to pray after massive Islamic development gets preliminary OK
Christians beaten, held hostage and Bibles set on fire in brutal attack by Hindu extremists
Kristi Noem urges illegal immigrants to self-deport with $3K bonus or risk deportation, never returning to the US
7 symbolic details about Jesus’ birth
GROUP OF BRANDS

The Christian Post

Subscribe Now 
We want to hear from you! 
Overall Navigation
NEWS
Home Page
Latest News
Featured
Special Series
Church & Ministries
U.S.
World
Politics
Entertainment
Living
Business
Books
Sports
Travel
OPINION
Opinion Home
Columnists
Op-Eds
Editorials
MORE
Newsletters
Videos
Podcasts
CP Insider
Events
Topics
Brand Solutions
Shopping
Deals
ABOUT
About Us
Statement Of Faith
Leadership
Public Relations
General Disclaimer
Permissions Policy
Editorial Policy
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Email Whitelisting
CONNECT
My Account
Submit an Article
Contact Us
Media Contact
Advertise With Us
RSS Feed
Archives
Corrections
Commenting FAQ
Community Guidelines
Employment Opportunities
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Gettr
Apple News
Google News
Telegram
Flipboard
MOBILE APPS
iOS app
Android app
  © 2025 The Christian Post, INC. All Rights Reserved.
We process your personal information to measure and improve our sites and service, to assist our marketing campaigns and to provide personalised content and advertising. By clicking the button on the right, you can exercise your privacy rights. For more information see our privacy noticeCookie Policy
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies