CHRISTUS Health System | Hospitals, Medical Centers, & Clinics Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to search Set My Location Clear Set your location to find services near you. City or Zip Submit Use my current location Set My Preferred Location Change My Preferred Location Show Closest Options Near me in Set My Location Update my Location Clear My Location Find a Doctor Associates Price Transparency MyCHRISTUS GO GO Connect with CHRISTUS Connect with CHRISTUS Careers at CHRISTUS Foundations Community Involvement & Commitment CHRISTUS Fund Find A CHRISTUS Location Near You Our CHRISTUS Ministries Our Mission, Values & Vision News Volunteer Your Health Your Health Connect with your health through stories, article and videos. Read More Get Care Get Care Care Access Virtual Care Emergency Care Health Risk Assessments Pediatric Care Primary Care Urgent Care Find A Location CONDITIONS & TREATMENTS Cancer Care Heart & Vascular Orthopedics Sports Medicine Women's Health See All Conditions & Treatments Plan Care Plan Care Advance Care Planning Pay Your Bill Online Financial Assistance Options MyCHRISTUS CHRISTUS Networks Patient Rights & Safety Price Transparency Visitor Guidelines For Providers For Providers Recruitment Research Academics Groups & Offices Alerts & Communications Programs & Services Toggle Mobile Navigation Menu Set My Location Clear Set your location to find services near you. City or Zip Submit Use my current location Set My Preferred Location Change My Preferred Location Show Closest Options Near me in Set My Location Update my Location Clear My Location MyCHRISTUS Find a Doctor Associates Price Transparency Connect with CHRISTUS Back Connect with CHRISTUS Careers at CHRISTUS Foundations Community Involvement & Commitment CHRISTUS Fund Find A CHRISTUS Location Near You Our CHRISTUS Ministries Our Mission, Values & Vision News Volunteer Your Health Get Care Back Get Care Care Access Virtual Care Emergency Care Health Risk Assessments Pediatric Care Primary Care Urgent Care Find A Location CONDITIONS & TREATMENTS Cancer Care Heart & Vascular Orthopedics Sports Medicine Women's Health See All Conditions & Treatments Plan Care Back Plan Care Advance Care Planning Pay Your Bill Online Financial Assistance Options MyCHRISTUS CHRISTUS Networks Patient Rights & Safety Price Transparency Visitor Guidelines For Providers Back For Providers Recruitment Research Academics Groups & Offices Alerts & Communications Programs & Services GO Your health. Your life. Our purpose. Find a Doctor and Book an Appointment Find a Location Find a Health Plan Start On Demand Care Topic, Specialty or Doctor Name Topic, Specialty or Location Name Location (City or zip) Use my current location Search Location (City or zip) Search for an Emergency Room location by city or zip Search Use my current location Start On Demand Care now. Skip scheduling and see the next available board-certified CHRISTUS Health clinician. Start Your On Demand Care Our purpose is you. At CHRISTUS Health, helping you enjoy your best health is more than just a goal. It’s our purpose. It’s something each of us commits ourselves to every day. Every program, service and treatment we provide is focused on elevating the health of all those who come to us – body, mind and spirit. View All Services Heart Care Gynecology Orthopedics Emergency Care Care Where and When You Need It Primary Care Find a provider who will become your partner in better health, offering preventive care, guidance and treatment. Urgent Care Get immediate attention for medical conditions that don’t require a hospital emergency room. Save time, check-in online. Virtual Care On Demand Schedule a video or telephone visit with a caring provider from just about anywhere you are. Become One of the Faces of CHRISTUS Join a team that extends the healing ministry of Jesus Christ and creates innovative health and wellness solutions for individuals and communities. Join a company that values dignity, integrity and compassion, and where you can grow and deliver quality health care. Associates At CHRISTUS Health we value you, for you. We know the work you do will make a difference. Join our family of caregivers, build your career at CHRISTUS and you’ll develop meaningful relationships while you positively impact lives in our communities. Become a CHRISTUS Associate Nursing Nurses are the heart of the CHRISTUS Health family. Whether you are a seasoned nurse, or a new grad, you will find a wealth of opportunity at CHRISTUS. We care for our nurses – providing excellent benefits, educational opportunities, shift differentials, clinical ladder programs and more -- so our nurses can focus on care for our patients. The perfect nursing position is waiting for you. Become a CHRISTUS Nurse Physicians We serve our communities by providing a complete healing experience. Above all, we are committed to caring for the whole person – mind, body and spirit, because we understand that caring for our patients goes beyond their physical needs. Become a CHRISTUS physician and find more than a job, find a calling to serve patients, their families and all our communities with dignity and compassion. Become A CHRISTUS Physician Our CHRISTUS CHRISTUS Health at a Glance The CHRISTUS Family More than 45,000 dedicated team members—including 15,000 clinicians—provide personalized care to our neighbors across the globe. Community Involvement Our Communities Across each of the communities we serve, CHRISTUS Health continues to expand our locations to provide more options for exceptional care. Search Locations Our Care We are constantly working to enhance and expand our services by adopting the best practices in every aspect of preventative care and treatment. Learn About the Services & Conditions We Treat CHRISTUS Health Plan Find the right plan for your life and enroll today with CHRISTUS Health Plan. Individual & Family Plans Medicare Advantage Plans US Family Health Plan Your Health Hub How to Check for Breast Cancer: A Step-by-Step Guide Learn how to check for breast cancer at home with our step-by-step guide. Understand signs, when to see your doctor, and how to do regular breast self-exams. Simple answers to questions about your health and care. Diabetes and Heart Health Discover how diabetes impacts heart health, from hidden symptoms to cardiovascular risks. Learn when indigestion or a racing heartbeat may signal heart problems, and explore ways to protect your heart with expert care from CHRISTUS Health. What to Expect at Your First Cardiologist Visit Learn what happens at your first cardiologist visit, tests, questions to ask, and how to prepare for your appointment with a CHRISTUS Health heart specialist. Breast Cancer Clinical Trials in New Mexico Learn how to access breast cancer clinical trials in New Mexico through CHRISTUS St. Vincent. Discover how trials work, what to expect, and how they help bring new treatments to patients statewide. Leg Pain and Fatigue: Causes, Relief, & When to See a Doctor Learn what causes leg pain and fatigue, how to find relief, and when to seek care. CHRISTUS Health offers expert orthopedic support. CHRISTUS News & Latest Updates View More CHRISTUS Health blesses new imaging system as oncology services begin in Longview CHRISTUS Health announced today the implementation and blessing of its newest imaging system, marking a major milestone in the hospital’s launch of its new oncology services. Perry Homes spreads holiday cheer with donation and toy delivery to CHRISTUS Children’s Perry Homes is making the holidays brighter for children who will spend the season in the hospital. The largest woman-owned homebuilder in Texas presented a $10,000 check and delivered toys to CHRISTUS Children’s, increasing its lifetime giving to $30,000. CHRISTUS Health expands patient care with new multi-specialty clinic in Sulphur Springs The 16,500-square-foot clinic opens to patients on Monday, Dec. 8, and brings together five key specialties under one roof: gastroenterology, general surgery, orthopedics, pain management and pulmonology, enhancing convenience and care coordination for patients. Tejano band Intocable donates $130k to CHRISTUS Children’s for project supporting families and staff CHRISTUS Children’s Foundation announced a generous gift of $130,000 from Intocable, the Grammy-winning Tejano and Norteño band, to support critical renovations at CHRISTUS Children’s. CHRISTUS Health announces 2025 Children’s Miracle Network Child in Tyler CHRISTUS Trinity Mother Frances Foundation proudly announces Lilli Halifax as the 2026 Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals (CMN Hospitals) Miracle Child, representing CHRISTUS Trinity Mother Frances Health System. CHRISTUS Health now providing daily, in-house pediatric coverage in Southeast Texas CHRISTUS Health is now providing in-house pediatric coverage for Southeast Texas, ensuring the community’s youngest patients have access to excellent, immediate pediatric care. CHRISTUS Health expands children's services with first pediatric ICU in East Texas In a milestone moment for families across East Texas, CHRISTUS Health has announced the region’s first pediatric intensive care unit (PICU), bringing specialized, life-saving care for children closer to home. CHRISTUS Health partners with local church to feed 9,000 people in community A partnership between CHRISTUS Health and Oak Grove Church of God in Christ resulted in a donation of 900 fully cooked turkeys to the local community as part of their Thanksgiving Turkey Giveaway. CHRISTUS Health recognized as ‘Most Wired’ health provider for digital transformation CHRISTUS Health has been recognized as a national 2025 “Most Wired” health provider for digital transformation that influences quality and accessibility of care for patients. Find a Doctor or Location Request Medical Records Pay Bill Log Into MyCHRISTUS Contact Us (469) 282-2000 CHRISTUS Health 5101 N. O'Connor Blvd Irving, TX 75039 Follow Us on Social Media Connect with Christus Careers Community Involvement & Commitment Community Needs Foundations CHRISTUS Fund Our CHRISTUS Ministries Our Mission, Values & Vision News Become A Supplier Volunteer Your Health Get Care Get Care Find A CHRISTUS Location Near You Services & Specialties Virtual Care Clinical Trials Health Risk Assessments Spiritual Care Medical Records Plan Care MyCHRISTUS Pay Your Bill Online Financial Assistance Options CHRISTUS Networks Patient Rights & Safety Visitor Guidelines Advance Care Planning For Providers Recruitment Research Academics ACO Portal Groups & Offices Alerts & Communications Programs & Services Resources & Events Nursing Careers at CHRISTUS Price Transparency Privacy & Patient Rights Notice of Non-Discrimination Terms of Use © 2025 CHRISTUS Health The terms "CHRISTUS" or the "Company" as used in this website refer to CHRISTUS Health and its subsidiaries or affiliates, unless otherwise stated or indicated by context. The term "facilities or ministries" refers to entities owned or operated by subsidiaries or affiliates of CHRISTUS Health. References herein to "CHRISTUS associates" or to "our associates" refer to associates of subsidiaries or affiliates of CHRISTUS Health.