Christian News on Christian Today, Latest Religious News, News About Christianity - Christian Today Christian Today Home News Opinion World Church Culture Life US Young people more grateful to God, study finds A new survey has suggested that 18 to 34 year olds are more likely to believe in God and have transcendental experiences. Headlines Nigerian government accused of being in denial about persecution of Christians How can thousands of slain Christians not be persecution? Turkey arrested 115 suspected ISIS members, thwarting Christmas and New Year plots against non-Muslims Turkey has been relatively successful in preventing attacks since 2017. Christmas was a mix of joy and hostility for Christians in India India has witnessed a blend of joyful Christmas celebrations in many parts of the country, alongside reports of hate, hostility, and attacks on Christians this season, particularly in northern and central regions. Spotlight The King's Christmas speech: which Gospel? The King should be aware that his beloved doctrine of ‘diversity’ is now tearing his kingdom apart. The pope that is remembered each year on December 31 In many European countries, December 31, also known as New Year’s Eve, is better known as St Sylvester’s Day or simply Sylvester, named after a pope from the time of the Council of Nicaea. This is the story … Danny Kruger: Britain should be 'confidently Christian' Reform MP Danny Kruger has spoken of the need for Britain to once more assert itself as a  country with a long and rich Christian Heritage. Ringing in the New Year: A history of New Year traditions in the British Isles To understand how New Year traditions came into existence – especially in the British Isles – is to explore a complex historic tapestry that is woven from ancient rites, calendrical reforms, and a common human desire to mark the passage of time, while reviewing the past and looking into the future. Newsletter Stay up to date with Christian Today Most Popular Who was St Stephen and why is he remembered on December 26? The King's Christmas speech: which Gospel? 7 symbolic details we often miss about Jesus’ birth 2 Timothy 3:16 is Logos' Bible verse of the year, Matthew was the most studied book Gay Archbishop of Wales says some people have left Church over her appointment Two hundred years of the Brethren: who are they and what do they believe? Faith and Life Who were all the Herods in the New Testament? Two hundred years of the Brethren: who are they and what do they believe? How to make the most of the quiet period between Christmas and New Year Community pantries mark a million visits as new research highlights impact on food insecurity What if the Good Shepherd is closer than you think? World Nigerian government accused of being in denial about persecution of Christians How can thousands of slain Christians not be persecution? US criticises prosecution of pro-life campaigner over silent prayer near abortion clinic The US State Department has said it is closely monitoring the prosecution of a Christian woman who prayed silently in an abortion clinic buffer zone. US carries out strikes on Islamic State in Nigeria over violence against Christians The US military has conducted airstrikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Nigeria over the violent "targeting" of Christians. Turkey arrested 115 suspected ISIS members, thwarting Christmas and New Year plots against non-Muslims Turkey has been relatively successful in preventing attacks since 2017. News Ringing in the New Year: A history of New Year traditions in the British Isles To understand how New Year traditions came into existence – especially in the British Isles – is to explore a complex historic tapestry that is woven from ancient rites, calendrical reforms, and a common human desire to mark the passage of time, while reviewing the past and looking into the future. Danny Kruger: Britain should be 'confidently Christian' Reform MP Danny Kruger has spoken of the need for Britain to once more assert itself as a  country with a long and rich Christian Heritage. Missionary turned soldier in Ukraine balances faith with harsh frontline realities A former missionary who is now serving as a soldier in the Ukrainian army has spoken about the realities of faith for a man tasked with killing in defence of his country. The pope that is remembered each year on December 31 In many European countries, December 31, also known as New Year’s Eve, is better known as St Sylvester’s Day or simply Sylvester, named after a pope from the time of the Council of Nicaea. This is the story … The King's Christmas speech: which Gospel? The King should be aware that his beloved doctrine of ‘diversity’ is now tearing his kingdom apart. Anglican Mainstream sees monthly growth despite web hosting suspension Conservative Christian website, Anglican Mainstream, was surprised to see visitor numbers rise after being forced to relocate its website hosting after GoDaddy closed its account. Gay Archbishop of Wales says some people have left Church over her appointment The first openly gay Archbishop of Wales says her appointment has caused some people to leave the Church in Wales. Who was St Stephen and why is he remembered on December 26? The carol says, “Good King Wenceslas last looked out on the Feast of Stephen.” In many countries, December 26, also known as Boxing Day, is better known as St Stephen’s Day. Stephen was the first Christian martyr. This is the story … 400 girls 'missing' thanks to sex-selective abortions Sex selective abortions appear to be taking place within the Indian community, data suggests. 2 Timothy 3:16 is Logos' Bible verse of the year, Matthew was the most studied book One of the most-studied Bible verses of the year is from 2 Timothy in the New Testament, according to an analysis of millions of Bible study sessions that tracked how believers worldwide are engaging with Scripture. The Traitors' Harry Clark says God 'was the answer' to search for meaning When Harry Clark became the winner of The Traitors series two in early 2024, he went overnight from being an unknown army engineer from Slough, to national recognition. Conservatives urge incoming Archbishop to drop £100m slavery reparations Should church funds be used for slavery reparations? A group of Conservative MPs and peers think not. Ghana’s Komba people receive complete Bible after 16 years of translation work Ghana's Komba people received their complete Bible after 16 years of dedicated translation work. Over £900,000 awarded to help UK churches stay open amid growing funding pressures Hundreds of churches across the UK are receiving vital financial support to remain open and safe, as rising repair costs and shrinking funding streams place historic buildings under increasing strain. Pope seeks prayers for peace in Christmas Day message The Pope asked people to pray in particular for the "tormented people of Ukraine" in his Christmas Day 'Urbi et Orbi' message. King Charles reflects on pilgrimage, reconciliation and hope in Christmas Day address King Charles III used his Christmas Day speech to reflect on the significance of pilgrimage as he appealed to the nation "to cherish the values of compassion and reconciliation". Jerusalem church leaders seek prayers for Holy Land this Christmas as Bethlehem festivities return Jerusalem Church leaders have issued a Christmas message speaking of their continued hope for peace amid ongoing conflict and hardship across the Holy Land. Organisers of Christmas evangelistic campaign thrilled with impact Organisers of this year's Shine Your Light Christmas evangelistic outreach have been "overwhelmed" by the response from local churches. New Islamophobia definition still a threat to freedom, says Christian Concern Concerns have been raised that a proposed new definition of “Islamophobia” could encompass even simple statements of fact about Islamic practice. William Tyndale and the 500th anniversary of the Christmas story in English This Christmas is the 500th anniversary of when ordinary men and women could first hear the Christmas story being read from print in plain English. This is the story … section Home News Opinion World Church Culture Life US help centre About Us Editorial Team Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy RSS Feeds E-Newsletter Contact Us Employment Opportunities sign up to our newsletter I consent to receiving your weekly newsletter and special offers via email By clicking "Subscribe" above, you agree to our Terms of Use & Privacy Policy . Copyright © 2025 Christian Today. All Rights Reserved. Registered in England and Wales 05090917, Christian Today, 120 New Cavendish Street, London, W1W 6XX follow us