Christian Post | Christian News & Commentaries Search Trending: First lesbian archbishop claims God hasn't said her lifestyle is sinful Marjorie Taylor Greene says Trump 'doesn't have any faith' Top New Year's resolutions 5 reasons why the second Trump admin. is different than the first Pastor Robert Jeffress reveals how the IRS targeted his church Log In Subscribe The Christian Post Skip to main content To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Sections Home Page Latest News Featured Special Series Opinion Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment Living Business Sports Education Books Travel Podcast News Topics Give to CP's Mission More Newsletters Videos Podcasts CP Insider Events Brand Solutions Shopping Deals Job Board Edition Current Edition: English Español 中文 Switch to Modern Version Go Current Edition: English Español 中文 Wednesday, Dec 31, 2025 Log In Subscribe Trending: First lesbian archbishop claims God hasn't said her lifestyle is sinful Marjorie Taylor Greene says Trump 'doesn't have any faith' Top New Year's resolutions 5 reasons why the second Trump admin. is different than the first Pastor Robert Jeffress reveals how the IRS targeted his church Headlines Top New Year's resolutions: Americans want more family time, prayer in 2026 As Americans look ahead to 2026, “spending more time with family” and “praying more” are among the top 10 most common New Year’s resolutions. Top Christian News Franklin Graham attributes rising church attendance to young people's rejection of 'anti-God socialism' Evangelist Franklin Graham, CEO of Samaritan's Purse and the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, has attributed reported increased church attendance among younger Americans to their rejection of "anti-God socialism." First lesbian archbishop laments people leaving church over her sexuality: 'Very hurtful' The Most Rev. Cherry Vann, the first openly lesbian archbishop in the world, recently lamented that some people are leaving her church in protest of her gender and sexuality. Latest Ritual bath bearing ash uncovered in Jerusalem testifies to Second Temple destruction, archaeologists say Excavations beneath the Western Wall Plaza uncovered a rock-hewn mikveh, or ritual bath, dating to the final days of the Second Temple period and providing insight about the days leading up to the Romans' destruction of Jerusalem and burning of the Jewish temple. Forrest Frank mourns the loss of his meteorologist grandfather: 'Good and faithful servant' Popular Christian singer Forrest Frank is remembering his recently deceased grandfather, who was a prominent meteorologist in Texas, as a "good and faithful servant" whose influence is reflected in his music career. 'Landmark achievement': New Puerto Rico law recognizes unborn children as people from conception Puerto Rico has enacted a new law that identifies unborn babies as people, giving them the same rights granted to every other human being. Marjorie Taylor Greene says Trump 'does not have any faith' Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene, R-Ga., recently suggested that her decision to resign from Congress came in part because Charlie Kirk's assassination convinced her that she was contributing to a toxic political culture. Erika Kirk opens up about her conversations with God after husband Charlie Kirk's murder Erika Kirk has revealed how “God’s light” is guiding her as the new CEO of Turning Point USA after her husband Charlie Kirk’s assassination in September, saying she doesn't want anything less than God's will for her life. British provider claims sex-selective abortions aren't illegal, accused of endangering women A leading British abortion provider is facing backlash after it appeared to defend sex-selective abortions and sparked concerns that the organization is enabling a discriminatory practice, as data shows a "significant imbalance” in the ratio of boys to girls being born in the United Kingdom. 14-year-old Christian girl raped in revenge attack after cock-fighting dispute A 14-year-old Christian girl was raped by a Muslim man in Pakistan earlier this month, according to her brother, who believes the assault was an act of revenge over a prior dispute. Okla. pastor recovering from stab wounds after woman wielding dagger attacks church service An Oklahoma pastor is recovering from stab wounds after an altercation at his church last week. Pastor, wife spearhead 'inclusive ministry' model for people with disabilities California pastor Russ Ewell and his wife, Gail, know firsthand the struggles of finding churches that know how to care for and minister to their children with severe disabilities, a barrier within church and community settings they are now helping congregations break. Franklin Graham accuses Dem lawmakers of selling their souls, bashes support for males in women's sports Evangelist Franklin Graham has accused Democrats in Washington of selling their souls for power, speaking out against lawmakers who urged the U.S. Supreme Court to allow male trans-identified athletes to participate in sports designated for females. Washington Post slammed for calling Trump officials' Christ-centered Christmas posts 'sectarian' The Washington Post faced criticism for an article and X post last week that described Christmas messages from Trump administration officials as "sectarian" because they mentioned Jesus Christ as Savior. Churches should pay for weddings to promote marriage, think tank says Amid a declining marriage rate, the Centre for Social Justice, a London-based conservative think tank, has urged the Church of England to remove wedding fees for low-income couples to help make the United Kingdom  a “pro-family, pro-marriage nation.” Opinion Christopher L. Reese 3 soul-nourishing New Year's resolutions Joshua Arnold 5 reasons why the second Trump admin. is different than the first Sarah Holliday Terror threats and New Year’s celebrations: A Christian response John Stonestreet Year 2025 was a mixed bag for human dignity Daniel Timotheos Yohannan Here’s how you can pray to start 2026 Robin Schumacher Why every Christian (including me) will stay in the faith in 2026 Sam Rainer The 12 best questions to ask before going to a new church John Stonestreet Let's evaluate the 'Charlie Kirk effect' Dan Delzell Why you should set up your spiritual tripod Norris Grubbs The best day of my semester was at a Miss. prison Hormoz Shariat Persecution in Iran: What is happening and what should we do? John B. Carpenter Tucker Carlson and bad theology go hand-in-hand Richard D. Land The Rob Reiner tragedy: How should Christians respond? Tony Perkins Trump admin's drug policy is incoherent Chuck Bentley How do you prepare your mind for 2026? James Black The world is still dark — Christ is still the light Patti Garibay The Nativity scene makes no earthly sense Daniel Timotheos Yohannan A miracle when the Good News was shared one Christmas Robin Schumacher Celebrating the wrong Jesus of Christmas Kaeley Harms Defiant joy this Christmas Ryan Bomberger I should've been aborted. When I met my late birthmom's family Chuck Lawless A Christmas devotion for tired, discouraged church leaders Mark Creech 7 timeless truths about the incarnation of Christ James Harden I'm with Sen. Josh Hawley. Being pro-life wins elections. Robin Schumacher Does your prayer change God’s mind? John Stonestreet Top story of 2025: Persecution in Nigeria Vijay Jayaraj This is the daily reality that many climate debates ignore Hedieh Mirahmadi Wave of terror recently is not a random misfortune Mike Sharrow Christmas wasn't a quaint, quiet affair. It was an invasion. Hannah Lape No, feminism isn't fixed by repealing the 19th Amendment Richard D. Land María Corina Machado is truly a heroine for our time Kaeley Harms Feeling you don't matter this Christmas? Look at this story Chuck Bentley Debt is robbing our joy Oscar Amaechina What will Christmas 2025 look like for Christians in Nigeria? Steve Russell When a rich man gave up his 'toys' to follow Jesus to the Amazon Joshua Arnold Massacres and mass shootings are everywhere. How can Christmas bring hope? Carl R. Trueman How critical theory paved the way for Nick Fuentes Yael Eckstein Bondi Beach terror attack on Hanukkah: The world doesn't need less faith right now John Stonestreet and Timothy D Padgett When Christians don’t 'get with the times,' they change empires Tony Perkins Obamacare is collapsing. Republicans should let it Videos Pastor Robert Jeffress reveals how the IRS targeted his church Most Popular First lesbian archbishop laments people leaving church over her sexuality: 'Very hurtful' Ritual bath bearing ash uncovered in Jerusalem testifies to Second Temple destruction, archaeologists say Marjorie Taylor Greene says Trump 'does not have any faith' Pastor Robert Jeffress reveals how the IRS targeted his church Franklin Graham attributes rising church attendance to young people's rejection of 'anti-God socialism' Podcasts New Year’s Eve Bombing Plot, Faith Leader Anet Jackson Dies, Texas Judge Sues Over Same-Sex Marriages 07:04 How Christian Evangelist David Wilkerson Targeted Drug Addicts and Gang Members to Totally Transform Lives 13:17 Is Religious Liberty in Danger? America's True History of Faith and Freedom 16:49 MAJOR UPDATE: A Father’s Fight Against Trans Medicalization Could Change Everything 15:06 Sponsored MUST READ The Christian Post's top 10 news stories of 2025 (part 1) Embattled chaplains group forms new denomination named Anglican Reformed Catholic Church Maine church sues UMC, claims denomination is wrongfully trying to take over property Trump 2.0: A weekly review of the president’s second term Psychologist defends therapy for unwanted same-sex attraction after Milo spotlight: 'Clients deserve the right' Top conservative rebukes of Trump for 'grotesque' Rob Reiner death post World Vision distributes toys to children in Jamaica impacted by Hurricane Melissa Grace Community Church mourns murder of member, celebrated Christian singer Jubilant Sykes Pastor outraged after friend jailed for refusing to apologize over drag queen story hour protest: 'Minions of Satan' Skillet's John Cooper talks legalism, absolute truth and ‘demonic’ label on new Christmas song A look at how world’s 5 Communist countries are cracking down on Christians: report Did India deny a visa to Franklin Graham ahead of a crusade? Here's what we know As Christians put more trust in AI, pastor warns of idolatry Several major US retailers placed on 'Naughty List' for failure to embrace Christmas this year Dearborn pastor who clashed with Muslim mayor urges love, courage: 'Do not be afraid' More Top Stories Houston Texans coach DeMeco Ryans praises team's belief in Jesus as they clinch playoffs Evangelist's murder sparks widespread grief in Uganda Who were all the Herods in the New Testament? Pakistan's state-backed Christmas celebrations offer rare break from history of extremism Featured Lutheran group details ongoing work of leading Somali outreach in Minnesota As the Trump administration prepares to deploy 100 ICE agents to Minnesota, home to an estimated 87,000 people with Somali ties, Lutheran church leaders are pushing back against federal immigration enforcement actions with evangelism. Pro-life leader seeks to make 'peaceful civil disobedience' new pillar of the pro-life mov't As abortion continues to wane as a top issue of concern for American voters, some pro-life groups are resorting to “peaceful civil disobedience” by organizing abortion clinic blockades and using their arrests to bring greater awareness to the fight to save babies in the womb. Christian ethnic cleansing survivors given new homes, aim to spark ‘revival’ of Armenian village Several families displaced by ethnic cleansing in their ancient Christian homeland more than two years ago were given new homes and plots of land on Tuesday through a charitable initiative seeking to help revitalize a rural Armenian mountain village. More News 10 notable Christian leaders, influencers who died in 2025 Trans-identified TV characters rose slightly in 2025, but most may not return next season: report ‘Treated as a criminal’: Grandmother criminally charged for inviting people to chat outside hospital This week in Christian history: ‘Amazing Grace’ first sung, Robert Boyle's thunderstorm conversion experience Ghana’s Komba people receive complete Bible that could help preserve language from extinction The Christian Post's top 10 news stories of 2025 (part 2) Church & Ministries Who were all the Herods in the New Testament? Over 330,000 people sign petition opposing Macron's '21st century mark' on Notre-Dame Embattled chaplains group forms new denomination named Anglican Reformed Catholic Church Who was Saint Stephen and why do Christians remember him on Dec. 26? This week in Christian history: ‘Amazing Grace’ first sung, Robert Boyle's thunderstorm conversion experience U.S. Minn. community mourns beloved pastor, chaplain who died after helping motorist stuck in snow Kristi Noem urges illegal immigrants to self-deport with $3K bonus or risk deportation, never returning to the US Virginia ministry brings hope of Christmas to inmates, correctional staff facing holiday isolation 43 critically missing children rescued in time for Christmas Okla. lawmaker urges constituents to pray after massive Islamic development gets preliminary OK World Evangelist's murder sparks widespread grief in Uganda Pakistan's state-backed Christmas celebrations offer rare break from history of extremism ‘Treated as a criminal’: Grandmother criminally charged for inviting people to chat outside hospital ‘Concerning’: US gov’t speaks out after Christian woman prosecuted in UK for silently praying US conducts 'powerful and deadly strike' against ISIS in Nigeria on Christmas Day Politics Trump's week in review: Targeting ISIS in Nigeria, $3K to illegal immigrants who self-deport Democrat-led states sue HHS over push to defund hospitals that perform sex-change procedures on minors 72% of Americans, most Republicans say Trump's Reiner post 'inappropriate': YouGov US to boost Christian hospitals in Nigeria amid efforts to protect believers from violence Richard Land criticizes Trump’s remarks in light of unimaginable tragedy of Reiner family Entertainment 'Gate Zero' video game update: Templar Media acquires Bible X to expand 'highly anticipated' Bible-based gaming experience StubHub apologizes after listing Christian concert about Jesus as a heavy metal show Russell Brand charged with additional rape, sexual assault offenses Nicki Minaj says she's reignited her relationship with God: 'Where've you been?' Trans-identified TV characters rose slightly in 2025, but most may not return next season: report Living Christians' Scripture engagement shows hunger for in-depth Bible reading: study Ultra-processed foods fueling chronic diseases, mental illnesses globally: study Travel: Visiting Branson and Ken Ham’s new Truth Traveler Jackie Hill Perry reveals Type 1 diabetes diagnosis after hospitalization: 'The shock was real' Travel: Postcard from Georgia’s Jekyll Island Business Trans-identified TV characters rose slightly in 2025, but most may not return next season: report Hobby Lobby giving away 500,000 copies of 'The Case for Christmas' OpenAI CEO Sam Altman among investors in embryo gene-editing venture New AI-powered ‘Business Bible' app links Wall Street headlines to scriptural wisdom Resi’s Studio AI promises to help churches boost engagement Sports Houston Texans coach DeMeco Ryans praises team's belief in Jesus as they clinch playoffs Fernando Mendoza thanks God after winning Heisman Trophy: 'Doesn’t feel real' Indiana QB, Heisman finalist Fernando Mendoza gives 'all the glory to God' after Big Ten championship 2026 FIFA World Cup 'Pride Match' to feature 2 anti-LGBT countries: 'Irrational move' Seahawks player rejoices that he got his 'Lord and Savior Jesus Christ back' Education California can't allow schools to hide gender identity of kids from their parents, judge rules University says trans-identified instructor who flunked Christian student no longer has teaching duties University of Washington wrong to punish professor for parodying school policy: appeals court University’s ‘Gay in a Manger’ performance mocks Nativity, roils Christians San Diego schools help students hide gender identity from parents, claim there are 9 genders: report Books Christian actress beats New Age books at No. 1 with devotional: 'People are seeking truth' NT Wright: Western Christians have misread Heaven, the End Times, spiritual warfare Bear Grylls says writing about Jesus was the ‘hardest thing’ he’s ever done: ‘It’s a battleground’ 'God opened our eyes': Amber Smith opens up about faith, healing after 3-year-old son's death What the Bible says about money: How one Wall Street veteran found faith in finance Podcast Amy Coney Barrett warns of attacks on free speech in UK, discusses Dobbs decision America's most sinful cities: What you need to know Should churches and pastors share politics from the pulpit? History of the Johnson Amendment ‘Soul on Fire’: John O’Leary on hope, healing and finding purpose from tragedy Kirk Cameron changes stance on doctrine of Hell, says he no longer believes in 'eternal conscious torment' Blogs What Can God Do With Our Dedicated Lives in 2026? - Today Can Be Different Crossmap's Top Ten Entertainment Features of 2025 The Crossmap Podcast's Top Episodes of 2025 New Ohio State Football Docuseries Shows Miraculous Run Toward 'Redemption' Sponsored In Case You Missed It Trump's week in review: Targeting ISIS in Nigeria, $3K to illegal immigrants who self-deport Over 330,000 people sign petition opposing Macron's '21st century mark' on Notre-Dame Amy Coney Barrett warns of attacks on free speech in UK, discusses Dobbs decision ‘Concerning’: US gov’t speaks out after Christian woman prosecuted in UK for silently praying Minn. community mourns beloved pastor, chaplain who died after helping motorist stuck in snow Group of Brands The Christian Post Subscribe Now We want to hear from you! Overall Navigation News Home Page Latest News Featured Special Series Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment Living Business Books Sports Travel Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Op-Eds Editorials MORE Newsletters Videos Podcasts CP Insider Events Topics Brand Solutions Shopping Deals About About Us Statement Of Faith Leadership Public Relations General Disclaimer Permissions Policy Editorial Policy Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Email Whitelisting Connect My Account Submit an Article Contact Us Media Contact Advertise With Us RSS Feed Archives Corrections Commenting FAQ Community Guidelines Employment Opportunities Follow Us Facebook X Instagram Youtube Linkedin Gettr Apple News Google News Telegram Flipboard Mobile Apps iOS app Android app © 2025 The Christian Post, INC . All Rights Reserved. 1x 0.75x 1x 1.25x 1.5x 1.75x 2x 15 15