Christianity - The History, Beliefs, and Teachings of Faith in Jesus Christ | Christianity.com Open main menu JOIN Log In Bible Trivia Daily Verse Read the Bible Jesus Prayer Bible Study Christian Living Theology Videos Devotionals Podcasts PLUS Ministries Bible Trivia Daily Verse Read the Bible Jesus Prayer Bible Study Christian Living Theology Videos Devotionals Podcasts PLUS Ministries JOIN Log In Home Page Trending Christian Living Bible Study Prayer Marriage Holidays Christian Life People Cults and Religions Slideshows Current Events Mental Health Theology Christian Terms End Times God Heaven and Hell Holy Spirit Salvation Angels and Demons Sin Church Church History Denominations Church Directory Bible Bible Search Books of the Bible Verse of the Day Bible in a Year Commentaries Large Print Bible Bible Dictionaries Bible Topics Bible Trivia Bible Baseball Bible Jeopardy Trivia Challenge Saintly Millionaire Trivia by Category Jesus Videos Devotionals Podcasts Forums Contributors Christian Ministries Contact Us About Us Beginning Again Journal and Planner 30 Days to Healthier Habits and Godly Focus How One Prayer Led Me to True Faith and Lasting Change Dr. Jeff Schreve What Does Faith Over Fear Really Mean? Robert Hampshire 30 Days to Healthier Habits and Godly Focus Beginning Again Journal and Planner Today's Top Christian Podcasts Captivating and original new Christian audio content. Listen to Encouraging Christian Radio Now Discover trusted Christian teachers and impactful talk shows whenever you choose! Today's Devotional Little Things Matter - Crosswalk Couples Devotional - December 30 Marriage is not a give and take; it’s a give and receive. Each gives their best and their all to each other, no matter what. Continue reading... Trending Top 20 Trending Scriptures of 2025 Peyton Garland Top Mental Health Trends of 2025 Amber Ginter Moral Lessons Christians Can Take Away from 2025's Top Ten Movies Peyton Garland 10 Developments Affecting Israel at the Close of 2025 Dr. Susan Michael How to Keep Your Home and Family Safe from the Return of the Winter Vomiting Disease Peyton Garland Today's Devotional Little Things Matter - Crosswalk Couples Devotional - December 30 Marriage is not a give and take; it’s a give and receive. Each gives their best and their all to each other, no matter what. Continue reading... Verse of the Day Matthew 7:7 "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you." Send me Verse of the Day The Hardest, Most Important Truth in the Bible Explore the complex theological question of God hardening Pharaoh's heart and why this is not unfair, but rather a solidification of Pharaoh's own choices. Discover how God's ultimate purpose in all actions, including salvation, is to display His glory and how understanding this truth leads to genuine joy. Continue reading... Question of the Day Does God Accept the Worship of Every Religion? Find More Christian Answers! Top 20 Questions · Random Question Free Bible Trivia Games Bible Baseball Play now... Saintly Millionaire Play now... Bible Jeopardy Play now... Bible Trivia By Category Play now... Bible Trivia Challenge Play now... When Hope Feels Thin and the Year Has Felt Long What does faith look like when the world feels fragile—and hope feels costly? Dr. Dennis Sempebwa 10 Ways God Speaks to Us Today The One who spoke the earth and the heavens into existence still speaks to us today. Meg Bucher The Characters of Christmas Discover the real people of the Christmas story! 5 Ways Advent Teaches Us to Slow Down and See God’s Promise Advent isn’t about rushing—it’s about remembering. Britt Mooney 6 Spiritual Benefits of a Daily Walk Discover how incorporating a daily walk can profoundly enhance your spiritual journey, fostering self-discipline and a deeper connection with God. Jessica Brodie Prayers to Anchor Your Bible Study, Meetings and Events in God's Truth This guide focuses on anchoring Bible studies, meetings, and group gatherings in prayer rooted in Scripture. Meg Bucher Why Christmas Carols Are Echoes of Hope across Centuries Use this season to let every carol stir up fresh worship and joy in Christ. Robert Hampshire Why Did the Jewish Leaders Not Go to Bethlehem When Jesus Was Born? How did the Jewish people, who studied scripture so carefully, miss the glaringly obvious interpretation of prophecy: Jesus is the Messiah? Samantha Evans Tschritter 5 Ways to Enjoy Christmas One-on-One with Christ Get alone with God and let him remind you of how and why he came to be with us. Candice Lucey Exploring the Spiritual Significance of Hanukkah for Christians Discover the profound connection between Hanukkah and Christianity, uncovering its spiritual significance and how it deepens faith for believers. Jonathan Feldstein Verse of the Day Matthew 7:7 "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you." Send me Verse of the Day Our Contributors Terry A. Smith Pastor, Author, Speaker Dr. Dennis Sempebwa Author, Leadership Coach, Educator, Speaker Dr. Susan Michael USA President of International Christian Embassy Jerusalem Levi Lusko Pastor/Author Ann Wilson Author John Bevere Author, Minister J.D. Greear Pastor Dr. Caroline Leaf Communication Pathologist, Audiologist, and Clinical and Research Neuroscientist Dr. Michael Youssef Pastor, Author, & Founder of Leading the Way Tracie Miles Author Lekeisha Maldon Author, Speaker, Bible Teacher, and Counselor Jonathan Pokluda Pastor/Author Free Bible Trivia Games Bible Baseball Play now... Saintly Millionaire Play now... Bible Jeopardy Play now... Bible Trivia By Category Play now... Bible Trivia Challenge Play now... What Is the Origin and Meaning of the Christmas Tree? Glory Dy Who Were the Three Wise Women of the Christmas Story? Robert Hampshire How to Focus on the Good We Cannot Yet See Terry A. Smith Here’s How God Made the Impossible Possible in My Life Dr. Audrey Davidheiser What Do the Advent Candle Colors Mean and Symbolize? Christianity.com Editorial Staff 6 Quiet-Time Readings to Begin Your Day in Christ Wynita Walther 3 Powerful Ways to Stop Your Thoughts from Spiraling Out of Control Judy McEachran Printable Verse Cards for Christmas - Carry the Joy of the Season with You! Meg Bucher What God’s Peace Really Means: 4 Life-Giving Expectations You Can Trust Terry A. Smith Awaiting the King - 4 Week Family Devotional for Advent Alicia Searl How to Know God Personally by Moving from Religion to Relationship Amanda Idleman 6 Prayers for Restorative Sleep Judy McEachran Should We Want More or Less in Our Lives? Terry Smith Countdown to Christmas 2025 Meg Bucher Navigate Holiday Spending in a Way That Honors the Lord Sophia Bricker Thanksgiving for Christians: Bible Meaning, Holiday History, and How to Honor God Mary Oelerich-Meyer Why Do People Gloss Over Thanksgiving? Britt Mooney Daily Bible Verses for December Alicia Searl Is Platonic Co-Parenting a Sustainable Family Model? Dana Che 7 Ways to Spot False Doctrine in Online Teachings Alicia Searl 8 Surprising Facts about Judas Iscariot Dr. Allma Johnson Can We Really Capture Our Thoughts? Arris Charles What Is the Purpose of Prayer? Greg Grandchamp 6 Psalms to Read When You’re Desperate for Prayer Sophia Bricker 10 Ways God Speaks to Us Today Meg Bucher What Is the Full Armor of God? April Motl How Can I Have Assurance of Salvation? Dr. Michael A. Milton 10 Closing Prayers to Anchor Your Bible Study in God’s Truth Meg Bucher A Heart Transformed by Grace Kyle Norman Tuesday Morning Prayers for Faith, Peace and Joy Christianity.com Editorial Staff Why Gratitude Isn’t Just for Thanksgiving Britt Mooney 5 Ways to Make This Year’s Gathering about God, Not the Menu Wynita Walther Daily Verses for November Alicia Searl How Can All Saints' Day Encourage Our Faith? Sophia Bricker Halloween: Origins, Traditions, and Whether Christians Should Celebrate It Mary Oelerich-Meyer 6 Biblical Lessons from the Fall Harvest Sophia Bricker 6 Prayers for Restorative Sleep Judy McEachran What Does the Bible Say about Celebrating Halloween? Sophia Bricker Find Peace in the Chaos: A Printable Guide to Stop Spiraling Thoughts 4 Rhythms That Quiet the Soul in a Noisy World Elizabeth Delaney What Is the History of Halloween? Joel Ryan 5 Scriptures to Help Our Hearts Navigate the Changing Season Wynita Walther 4 Ways to Filter What You Watch through the Lens of Your Faith Alicia Searl Embracing Gratitude (A 4 Week Study on What it Is and Why it's Important) Christianity.com Editorial Staff and Britt Mooney How to Know God Personally by Moving from Religion to Relationship Amanda Idleman 3 Powerful Ways to Stop Your Thoughts from Spiraling Out of Control Judy McEachran 7 Signs We Are in the End Times Britt Mooney 3 Ways to Shine for Christ in Every Cultural Season Cantice Greene 7 Healthy Ways Christians Can Process Their Grief Elizabeth Delaney What Does the Bible Say about Celebrating Halloween? Sophia Bricker A Biblical Path through Treatment-Resistant Depression Dr. Audrey Davidheiser What Is the Peace That God Gives? Terry A. Smith Around the Web 4 Reasons Men Need to Show Emotions 5 Practices for Parents to Try in the New Year 3 Things to Pray for in the New Year 6 Ways to Spend More Time in Scripture This Year The Christmas True or False Quiz Why Do the Christmas Angels Appear to Shepherds? 10 Beautiful Biblical Descriptions of What Heaven Looks Like Does "New Year, New You" Hold Any Biblical Truth? 3 Ways to Utilize the Week Between Christmas and New Year’s Houston Coach DeMeco Ryans Says Faith in Jesus Has Been an Anchor for the Team How to Pray Through the Entire Year – One Month at a Time 14-Year-Old Praises Jesus on ‘The Voice’ With Worship-Filled Forrest Frank Song Today's Top Christian Podcasts More Podcasts About Christianity.com About Us Advertise with Us Feedback Terms of Use Site Map Privacy Policy Link to Us RSS California - CCPA Notice California - Do Not Sell My Personal Information Christianity.com is a member of the Salem Web Network of sites including: BibleStudyTools.com • Crosscards.com • Crosswalk.com • GodTube.com • iBelieve.com • Lightsource.com • Oneplace.com • ChristianHeadlines.com Copyright © 2025, Christianity.com. All rights reserved. Article Images Copyright © 2025 Getty Images unless otherwise indicated. Copyright © 2025, Christianity.com. All rights reserved.