Chrome Enterprise - The Trusted Enterprise Browser for your Business Jump to content chrome enterprise chrome enterprise Products Chrome Enterprise Chrome Enterprise Core Chrome Enterprise Premium Enterprise support plan Enterprise platforms Solutions Secure enterprise browsing Bring your own device Enabling hybrid work Integrations Resources Pricing Content hub Help center (opens in a new tab) Release notes (opens in a new tab) Policy list (opens in a new tab) Get certified (opens in a new tab) Blog (opens in a new tab) Events FAQ Customer stories Terms Products Chrome Enterprise Chrome Enterprise Core Chrome Enterprise Premium Enterprise support plan Enterprise platforms Solutions Secure enterprise browsing Bring your own device Enabling hybrid work Integrations Resources Pricing Content hub Help center (opens in a new tab) Release notes (opens in a new tab) Policy list (opens in a new tab) Get certified (opens in a new tab) Blog (opens in a new tab) Events FAQ Customer stories Terms Get in touch Download Chrome Get advanced security protections with Chrome Enterprise Premium. Learn more. Get advanced security protections with Chrome Enterprise Premium. Learn more. Is your current security enough to protect your company's data? Unlock premium security and scale your browser protections. Unlock advanced security and control with Chrome Enterprise Premium. Find out more The most trusted enterprise browser With Chrome Enterprise, your users get the browser they already know and love with additional enterprise controls and security capabilities for your organization. Download Chrome Preferred by the workforce Chrome Enterprise is where millions of business users get work done every day, across all different devices and operating systems. Learn more Simplify management and security Get controls and customizations that empower your employees to do their best work with Chrome Enterprise Core. Or upgrade to Chrome Enterprise Premium for advanced protections without added complexities. Explore Chrome Enterprise Core The enterprise browser is where work happens Explore Chrome Enterprise Defend against emerging threats There are new, advanced cyber threats emerging every day. A secure enterprise browser can limit exposure to potential vulnerabilities and cyberattacks. Avoid costly data breaches An enterprise browser needs to proactively protect data. Zero Trust policies and data controls help you keep customer and company information safe from insider and outsider threats. Support distributed teams When distributed teams work from different operating systems, regions, and time zones, enterprise browsers need to scale security protections, management controls, and company-specific configurations across them all. Give employees transformative tools Today’s workers want the latest technology to fuel innovation. Whether it’s generative AI, new productivity-boosting tools, or a familiar user experience, the right browser capabilities can open new doors for getting work done. 2025 Gartner® Innovation Insight: Secure Enterprise Browsers With more of the workday happening on the web, the right enterprise browser is key to powering your business. Get the complimentary report Built to meet your business needs For over a decade, Chrome has supported millions of organizations with more secure browsing – while pioneering a safer, more productive open web for all. Scaled security Chrome offers scaled and fast protections that keep your company's data safe, thanks to signals from billions of users worldwide. Explore Chrome Enterprise Premium Easy controls With Chrome, customization is only a few clicks away. Our cloud management tool allows you to seamlessly apply controls, policies, and advanced reporting in the way that meets your business needs, in many cases at no extra cost. Explore Chrome Enterprise Core Open ecosystem Our commitment to Chromium and open philosophy to integration means Chrome works well with other parts of your tech stack, so you can continue building the enterprise ecosystem that works for you. Connect your ecosystem Google innovation With Chrome, users get the helpful Google tools they’re familiar with, and the latest emerging technologies, right within their favorite, familiar browser. Boosting productivity with Chrome Unlock productivity with AI in Chrome Enterprise AI already powers Chrome features business users know and love - like Google Safe Browsing and Live Captions. It’s even easier to get work done on the web with Gemini, integration with Gemini Enterprise, and Google Lens in Chrome. IT teams can set the controls their organization needs. Get Chrome Adapt your browser to fit your business Chrome Enterprise makes it easy to securely connect workers to the tools and technologies that move work forward. Companies with BYOD models Chrome Enterprise allows employees who use their own or unmanaged devices to gain secure access to SaaS apps and company data. Remote and distributed workers Whether distributed employees are connecting from couches or cafes, Chrome Enterprise gives them secure access to company tools. Contractors accessing company resources Companies that rely on contractors can count on Chrome Enterprise to provide a secure way for everyone to access company resources. Evolving with your enterprise needs Many companies already use Chrome, but they're not all aware of the advanced enterprise capabilities available to them at no cost. Are you making the most of all that Chrome Enterprise has to offer? GET STARTED Deploy Chrome to your users Download Chrome CONFIGURE Apply policies and get insights Manage Chrome from the cloud SECURE Get scaled and fast protections Explore security approaches OPTIMIZE Talk to experts to get more from your browser Get in touch The go-to trusted browser for businesses like yours How TELUS uses Chrome Enterprise Premium for fast, secure onboarding Watch the video (opens in a new tab) Keeping users and corporate data safe with deep visibility and protections Read more (opens in a new tab) Providing access to caregiving solutions through Chrome Enterprise Read more (opens in a new tab) Seamless. Secure. Simple. See for yourself why Chrome is the most trusted, secure enterprise browser–protecting and empowering hundreds of millions of workers every day. Get in touch Any questions? What is Chrome Enterprise? Chrome Enterprise refers to our product offerings that support deploying and managing the browser within a business environment. Chrome Enterprise Core offers organizations a built-in and scaled approach to security, centralized browser management controls, and open integration, enabling businesses to be more innovative, productive, and secure. Chrome Enterprise Premium includes additional advanced protections that organizations can purchase, including enhanced data loss prevention and Zero Trust access controls. How much does it cost to deploy and manage Chrome? Chrome is available to download and deploy at no cost. You can also get cloud-based management and reporting for $0 when you sign up for Chrome Enterprise Core . More advanced security and data protections are available in Chrome Enterprise Premium . For pricing and information about Chrome Enterprise Premium, talk to an expert . How can I tell if Chrome is the enterprise version? There is no enterprise version of the Chrome browser itself, but organizations can fully manage and control Chrome to meet the needs of their business. They can also manage user-installed versions of Chrome through policy configurations.  Users can see if Chrome browser is managed by an organization by: 1. Opening Chrome. 2. At the top right, selecting More. 3. Checking the bottom of the menu. “Managed by your organization,” signals the  browser is managed. How do I make Chrome the default browser for my organization? You can find the step-by-step guide here . How can I get access to Chrome support? Visit the Google Chrome Enterprise Help Center to browse support topics or get help from the Chrome community. If you have an enterprise support plan , you can also chat, email, or call a Google Expert for direct support. * Gartner, Innovation Insight: Secure Enterprise Browsers,  Evgeny Mirolyubov, Max Taggett, John Watts, 1 April 2025. GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Follow us Chrome Enterprise Download Chrome Get in touch Products Chrome Enterprise Chrome Enterprise Core Chrome Enterprise Premium Enterprise support plan Enterprise platforms Solutions Secure enterprise browsing Bring your own device Enabling hybrid work Integrations Resources Pricing Customer stories Content hub Help center (opens in a new tab) Blog (opens in a new tab) Events FAQ Release notes (opens in a new tab) Policy list (opens in a new tab) Terms Accessibility (opens in a new tab) Get certified (opens in a new tab) About Google (opens in a new tab) Google products (opens in a new tab) Policies (opens in a new tab) Privacy (opens in a new tab) Terms (opens in a new tab) Cookies management controls Help Deutsch (Deutschland) English (Australia) English (Canada) English (United Kingdom) English Español (Latinoamérica) Español (España) Français (France) Indonesia 日本語 (日本) 한국어 Nederlands (Nederland) Português (Brazil) 简体中文