1.1.1.1
DNS
Families
English
You are one step away from browsing a faster, more private Internet
More Info
DNS: Internet’s Directory

Nearly everything on the Internet starts with a DNS request. DNS is the Internet’s directory. Click on a link, open an app, send an email and the first thing your device does is ask the directory: Where can I find this?

Unfortunately, by default, DNS is usually slow and insecure. Your ISP, and anyone else listening in on the Internet, can see every site you visit and every app you use — even if their content is encrypted. Creepily, some DNS providers sell data about your Internet activity or use it to target you with ads.

We think that’s gross. If you do too, now there’s an alternative: 1.1.1.1

Privacy First: Guaranteed.
We will never sell your data or use it to target ads. Period.

We will never log your IP address (the way other companies identify you). And we’re not just saying that. We’ve retained a big 4 accounting firm to audit our assertions about our systems annually to ensure that we're doing what we say.

Frankly, we don’t want to know what you do on the Internet—it’s none of our business—and we’ve taken the technical steps to ensure we can’t.

One of the fastest.

We’ve built 1.1.1.1 to be one of the Internet’s fastest DNS directory. Don’t take our word for it. The independent DNS monitor DNSPerf ranks 1.1.1.1 one of the fastest DNS service in the world.

Since nearly everything you do on the Internet starts with a DNS request, choosing one of the fastest DNS directory across all your devices will accelerate almost everything you do online.

* August, 2024

1.1.1.1
Google Public DNS
Cisco Umbrella
Setup on Mac

Setting up 1.1.1.1 takes two minutes and requires no technical skill or special software. Even if you’re a computer novice, pick your device below for an easy-to-follow setup guide.

iPhone
Android
MacOS
Windows
Linux
Router
Open System Preferences.
Search for DNS Servers and select it from the dropdown.
Click the + button to add a DNS Server and enter 1.1.1.1
Click + again and enter 1.0.0.1 (This is for redundancy.)
Click + again and enter 2606:4700:4700::1111 (This is for redundancy.)
Click + again and enter 2606:4700:4700::1001 (This is for redundancy.)
Click Ok, then click Apply.
You’re all set! Your device now has faster, more private DNS servers ✌️✌️

Still have questions? Visit our Community Forum

✌️✌️ Share a faster, privacy-first Internet with your friends.
Who’s behind this?

1.1.1.1 is a partnership between Cloudflare and APNIC.

Cloudflare runs one of the world’s largest, fastest networks. APNIC is a non-profit organization managing IP address allocation for the Asia Pacific and Oceania regions.

Cloudflare had the network. APNIC had the IP address (1.1.1.1). Both of us were motivated by a mission to help build a better Internet. You can read more about each organization’s motivations on our respective posts: Cloudflare Blog / APNIC Blog. For more information see: What is 1.1.1.1?

Can I integrate with 1.1.1.1?

If you are a browser, operating system, app, router, or VPN manufacturer who wants to build in a privacy-first, fast, modern DNS service, yes!

By using DNS over HTTPS (DoH) you can transparently offer enhanced security to your customers while improving the speed of your devices. Even better, you can do it at no cost, both in terms of licensing and customer’s privacy. Learn more about 1.1.1.1 and our DNS over HTTPS (DoH) support in our Developer Docs.

Is Warp replacing the 1.1.1.1 DNS service?

No, Cloudflare deeply believes in the value of free, fast, and private DNS and intends to provide the 1.1.1.1 DNS service for the forseeable future. Warp is an additional feature which augments our mobile apps but will always remain optional.

1.1.1.1   FAQ   Terms   Privacy Policy   Purge Cache