Skip to content
ADVERTISEMENT
Subscribe
Sign In
Sections
Topics
Magazine
Newsletters
Events
Audio Stories
Ask Chron
Store
Jobs
Events and Insights:
Defending Data in AI Era
Making Wise Tech Investments
Strategic-Leadership Program
TOP STORIES
What You Read Most This Year
In a year of disruption and debate, The Chronicle documented the stories that shaped higher education—tracking power, policy, technology, and resilience.
Latest News
THE REVIEW | COLLECTION
The 10 Most Read Review Stories of 2025
AN ERA OF EXIGENCY
These Rising Costs Are Squeezing College Budgets
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING
Is Academe Discriminating Against White Men?
Latest Opinion
THE REVIEW | ESSAY
The ‘Crisis of the Humanities’ Is Over. That’s Not a Good Thing.
THE REVIEW | OPINION
The Noxiousness of Civic-Discourse Platforms
MOST MEMORABLE
The Best Illustrations of 2025
THE REVIEW | ESSAY
The Legal Status of the Assault on Higher Education
THE REVIEW | ESSAY
The Campus Civility Collapse
THE REVIEW | OPINION
Academic Politics at Their Most Counterproductive
Top Jobsfrom The Chronicle
Loading...
Search All Jobs
Trackers: Keep Up With the Latest
The Trump Agenda
The Chronicle is tracking executive orders, statements from Trump, and agency actions that affect higher education, plus legal challenges directed at those measures. Here’s the latest.
Dismantling of DEI
We’ve documented actions taken to alter or eliminate jobs, offices, hiring practices, and programs amid pressure to end identity-conscious recruitment and retention of minority staff and students.
DEI Legislation
Legislators want to get rid of diversity, equity, and inclusion offices, end diversity trainings, banish diversity statements, and censor how professors talk about race, gender, and sexuality in mandatory courses.
Latest Issue
The Quarter-Century Project
January 2, 2026
Subscribe to Read
Latest Newsletters
TEACHING
What Captured Your Interest in 2025
We look back on a year in transition to see what drew readers’ attention
By Beth McMurtrie  December 18, 2025
LATITUDES
How Campus Shootings Resonate Abroad
Could foreign enrollments be a casualty of America’s gun violence? Plus, widespread anxiety over visa rules.
By Karin Fischer  December 17, 2025
THE REVIEW
A Hostile Takeover at Carnegie Mellon?
Plus: K. Anthony Appiah on pluralism, politics, religion, and more.
By Len Gutkin  December 15, 2025
TEACHING
How to Respond When Students Don’t Want to Work With AI
Some students object to using artificial intelligence on ethical grounds. What happens when it’s part of the assignment?
By Beth McMurtrie  December 11, 2025
College Matters Podcast
How Tech, Politics, and Cost Dominated Higher Ed’s Quarter Century
The Year in Teaching Was …
Using AI Without (Really) Cheating
How Virginia Became Higher Ed’s Battlefield
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Best of Our Archives
Rediscover timeless and popular stories from our archive, handpicked by Chronicle editors.
PARKING DISPUTE
A History Instructor Complained About Parking Fees. It Cost Him His Job.
The military veteran had taught at Tarleton State University for over a decade. His colleagues were stunned.
THE REVIEW
It’s Time for Radical Reorganization
Crises spur intense competition among colleges. There’s a better way.
THE REVIEW | ESSAY
What Will Be Left of Higher Ed in Four Years?
The Trump administration’s moves are impoverishing the sector.
Featured Interviews
LAW & POLICY
The Man Behind Texas Tech’s Controversial Curriculum Crackdown
THE REVIEW | CONVERSATION
Kwame Anthony Appiah on Identity in an Age of Essentialism
THE REVIEW | CONVERSATION
Robert P. George and the Great Campus Vibe Shift
ADVERTISEMENT
Special Reports
Dive Into a Topic With Our Special Issues
The Leadership Issue
Learning Lessons
The New Reality
Science Under Siege
Strained Budgets. Stagnant Wages. Serious Uncertainty.
Mission Repair
Virtual Events
The Cyber-Smart Campus: Defending Data in the AI Era
UPCOMING: January 8, 2 p.m. ET |As cyberattacks grow more sophisticated, campus leaders need practical, immediate guidance to safeguard open, distributed environments. This virtual forum brings together experts to show how AI is reshaping phishing, data theft, and device security and how you can strengthen your defenses now. With Support From Microsoft. Register now.
Making Wise Tech Investments
UPCOMING: January 13, 2 p.m. ET | Outdated and inefficient tech can be costly for campuses, but few colleges assess or reduce these services. Join this forum to learn what questions to ask when assessing your tech, as well as how to cut underutilized services to help your campus’s budget. With Support From Jenzabar. Register now.
Leadership: The New Year Ahead
UPCOMING: January 15, 2 p.m. ET | Today’s college presidents face a volatile, uncertain future — from the squeeze of declining enrollments to political pressures to decreased trust in higher ed. This virtual forum explores how the role can transform to meet these challenges. With Support From Cengage. Register now.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Professional-Development Resources
Professional-Development Programs
Visit The Chronicle’s professional-development-resources page to stay up to date on our career-advancement workshop opportunities for higher-ed professionals.
The Chronicle’s Women Leading Change Program
UPCOMING: January 2026. Join us for a professional-development program to help new and experienced department chairs overcome the challenges of the role and create a strategic vision for personal and departmental growth.
The Chronicle’s Administrative-Leadership Institute
UPCOMING: January 2026. The Chronicle, in partnership with Strategic Imagination, is providing a professional-development program in which a virtual community will accompany you throughout the fall semester. The program contains brief lessons and exercises that can be integrated into your busy schedule and applied to your current challenges.
The Chronicle’s Academic Leadership Crash Course
The Chronicle, in partnership with Dever Justice LLC, is providing a fast-paced course for academic professionals looking to advance their skills in preparation for administrative roles. This four-hour workshop will provide key insights for new and aspiring academic administrators on the inner workings of administrative positions.
Data
How Public-College Funding Has Changed Over Time
State and federal support has declined as a share of overall revenue — putting a greater burden on students. See the trends at more than 1,500 institutions between 2002 and 2023.
How Much More Will Colleges Have to Pay to Hire Foreign Employees?
Higher education has long relied on H-1B visas. Now that President Trump has added a $100,000 fee for workers hired from abroad, bringing in this talent will come with a bigger price tag.
The Great Campus Charade
Students are learning less, studying less, and skipping class more — yet their grades go up and up.
ADVERTISEMENT
Advice
Colleges Must Help Professors Reimagine Assessment. Here’s How.
By Michelle D. Miller
In evaluating student work, the risks of getting AI wrong are real, but so are the rewards of getting it right.
If You Care About It, Do It in Class
By James M. Lang
Why faculty members need to shift the balance of class time from first exposure to skills practice.
How to Find Balance This Break
By Jennifer S. Furlong, Stacy M. Hartman
Seven tips to plan the right mix of relaxation and work.
Faculty Motivation in a Uniquely Demotivating Time
By Kevin R. McClure
It’s unreasonable to expect professors to hit hurdle after hurdle and still stay in the race. Institutions are going to have to clear some obstacles.
How to Get the Quiet Ones to Speak Up
By Carlo Rotella
Three simple steps to help stymied students participate in class discussions.
Can Educators Counter ‘Agentic AI’?
By Marc Watkins
If academics don’t deal with these problematic tools now, we’ll lose online education.
Lead With Insight
Subscribe Today
Explore Content
Latest News
Newsletters
Letters
Free Reports and Guides
Professional Development
Events
Chronicle Store
Chronicle Intelligence
Jobs in Higher Education
Post a Job
Know The Chronicle
About Us
Vision, Mission, Values
DEI at The Chronicle
Write for Us
Work at The Chronicle
Our Reporting Process
Advertise With Us
Brand Studio
Accessibility Statement
Account and Access
Manage Your Account
Manage Newsletters
Individual Subscriptions
Group Subscriptions and Enterprise Access
Subscription & Account FAQ
Get Support
Contact Us
Reprints & Permissions
User Agreement
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
900 19th Street, N.W., 6th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20006
© 2026 The Chronicle of Higher Education
The Chronicle of Higher Education is academe’s most trusted resource for independent journalism, career development, and forward-looking intelligence. Our readers lead, teach, learn, and innovate with insights from The Chronicle.
twitter
instagram
youtube
facebook
linkedin