Google Chrome - The Fast & Secure Web Browser Built to be Yours Menu Menu Jump to content AI Innovations Safety By Google Extensions close drawer AI Innovations Safety By Google Extensions Fast AI Safe Yours By Google Explore Fast AI Safe Yours By Google The browser built to be f a s t s a f e y o u r s Pause animation Play animation Scroll for more The f a s t way to do things online Prioritize performance Chrome is built for performance. Optimize your experience with features like Energy Saver and Memory Saver. Stay on top of tabs Chrome has tools to help you manage the tabs you’re not quite ready to close. Group, label, and color code your tabs to stay organized and work faster. Optimized for your device Chrome is built to work with your device across platforms. That means a smooth experience on whatever you’re working with. Get Chrome for your phone Automatic updates There’s a new Chrome update every four weeks, making it easy to have the newest features and a faster, safer browser. Prioritize performance Chrome is built for performance. Optimize your experience with features like Energy Saver and Memory Saver. Stay on top of tabs Chrome has tools to help you manage the tabs you’re not quite ready to close. Group, label, and color code your tabs to stay organized and work faster. Optimized for your device Chrome is built to work with your device across platforms. That means a smooth experience on whatever you’re working with. Get Chrome for your phone Automatic updates There’s a new Chrome update every four weeks, making it easy to have the newest features and a faster, safer browser. Browsing boosted with built-in A I Play animation Pause animation Replay animation On every tab, there’s Gemini in Chrome. Gemini in Chrome is your personal AI assistant, helping you easily understand content on the web and get tedious tasks done using the context of your open tabs and browsing history. Explore Gemini in Chrome AI mode Powerful AI search for your toughest questions. Use AI Mode in your omnibox to ask complex, multi-part questions. You'll get AI-powered responses and can keep exploring with follow-up questions and helpful web links. Learn more about AI in Chrome Google Lens See anything, search anything. Search, translate, identify, or shop with Google Lens in Chrome. You can ask questions about what you see, whether it’s something you come across on a website or a photo you take. Learn more about AI in Chrome Stay s a f e while you browse Stay s a f e while you browse PASSWORD MANAGER Use strong passwords on every site. Chrome has Google Password Manager built in, which makes it simple to save, manage, and protect your passwords online. It also helps you create stronger passwords for every account you use. ENHANCED SAFE BROWSING Browse with the confidence that you're staying safer online. Chrome's Safe Browsing warns you about malware or phishing attacks. Turn on Enhanced Safe Browsing for even more safety protections. SAFETY CHECK Check your safety level in real time with just one click. Chrome's Safety Check confirms the overall security and privacy of your browsing experience, including your saved passwords, extensions, and settings. If something needs attention, Chrome will help you fix it. PRIVACY GUIDE Keep your privacy under your control with easy-to-use settings. Chrome makes it easy to understand exactly what you’re sharing online and who you’re sharing it with. Simply use the Privacy Guide, a step-by-step tour of your privacy settings. Make it y o u r s and take it with you Make it y o u r s and take it with you Customize your Chrome Personalize your web browser with themes, dark mode and other options built just for you. Browse across devices Sign in to Chrome on any device to access your bookmarks, saved passwords, and more. Save time with autofill Use Chrome to save addresses, passwords, and more to quickly autofill your details. Customize your Chrome Personalize your web browser with themes, dark mode and other options built just for you. Browse across devices Sign in to Chrome on any device to access your bookmarks, saved passwords, and more. Save time with autofill Use Chrome to save addresses, passwords, and more to quickly autofill your details. Extend your experience From shopping and entertainment to productivity, find extensions to improve your experience in the Chrome Web Store. The browser b u i l t by Google GOOGLE SEARCH The search bar you love, built right in. Access a world of knowledge at your fingertips. Check the weather, solve math equations, and get instant search results, all contained inside your browser's address bar . Play animation Pause animation Replay animation GOOGLE PAY Pay for things as quick as you click. Google Pay makes it easy to pay online. When you securely store your payment info in your Google Account, you can stop typing your credit card and check out faster. GOOGLE WORKSPACE Get things done, with or without Wi-Fi. Get things done in Gmail, Google Docs, Google Slides, Google Sheets, Google Translate and Google Drive, even without an internet connection. Frequently asked questions How do I install Chrome? To install Chrome, simply download the installation file, then look for it in your downloads folder. Open the file and follow the instructions. Once Chrome is installed, you can delete the install file. Learn more about downloading Chrome here . Does Chrome work on my operating system? Chrome is compatible with devices that run Windows and Mac operating systems, provided they meet the minimum system requirements. In order to install Chrome and receive adequate support, you must meet the system requirements. Learn more about using Chrome on your device . How do I make Chrome my default browser? You can set Chrome as your default browser on Windows or Mac operating systems as well as your iPhone, iPad or Android device. When you set Chrome as your default browser, any link you click will automatically open in Chrome. Find specific instructions for your device here . What are Chrome’s safety settings? Chrome uses cutting-edge safety and security features to help you manage your safety. Use Safety Check to instantly audit for compromised passwords, safe browsing status and any available Chrome updates. Learn more about safety and security on Chrome . Take your browser with you Download Chrome on your mobile device or tablet and sign into your account for the same browser experience, everywhere. Get Chrome for your phone Follow us Youtube X Facebook LinkedIn TikTok Chrome Family Other Platforms Chromebooks Chromecast Chrome Web Store Enterprise Download Chrome Browser Chrome Browser for Enterprise Chrome Devices ChromeOS Google Cloud Google Workspace Education Google for Education Devices for schools Dev and Partners Chromium ChromeOS Chrome Web Store Chrome Experiments Chrome Beta Chrome Dev Chrome Canary Support Chrome Help Update Chrome Chrome Tips Google Chrome Blog Google Privacy and Terms About Google Google Products Cookies management controls Help Help Català - Espanya Dansk - Danmark Deutsch - Deutschland Eesti - Eesti English - Australia English - Canada English - United Kingdom English - Hong Kong SAR China English - Ireland English - India English - Philippines English - Pakistan English - Singapore English - United States Español - Latinoamérica Español - España Español - Estados Unidos Filipino - Pilipinas Français - Canada Français - France Hrvatski - Hrvatska Indonesia - Indonesia Italiano - Italia Latviešu - Latvija Lietuvių - Lietuva Magyar - Magyarország Melayu - Malaysia Nederlands - Nederland Norsk Bokmål - Norge Polski - Polska Português - Portugal Português - Brasil Română - România Slovenčina - Slovensko Slovenščina - Slovenija Suomi - Suomi Svenska - Sverige Tiếng Việt - Việt Nam Türkçe - Türkiye Čeština - Česko Ελληνικά - Ελλάδα Български - България Русский - Россия Српски - Србија Українська - Україна עברית العربية - المملكة العربية السعودية فارسی हिन्दी - भारत ไทย - ไทย 简体中文 繁體中文 (香港) 繁體中文 (台灣) 日本語 - 日本 한국어 - 대한민국