Lower churn. Retain more subscribers. | Churnkey Products Intelligence Suite New Adaptive Offers Constantly-learning discounts Feedback AI At-scale feedback analysis Account Agent New Finding new ways to boost revenue Core Cancel Flows Save ~54% of customers Reactivations Win back past customers Payment Recovery Lift ARR by ~10% Campaigns • Omnichannel outreach Precision Retries • Optimal recovery Extend Free Churn Metrics Insights to drive growth Customer Timelines Granular customer analytics Integrations Connect with tools you use Resources Blog Updates, thoughts, & news Resources Deep dives, tips, & guides State of Retention Exclusive industry benchmarks Customer Results Real-world business impact Case Studies We ♥ our customers Subscription Heroes Level up with our show Developer Docs To get going in no time Our Newsletter 3,500 strong & growing Press Appearances NOT the cure for boredom... How Churnkey Works Just the facts, ma'am Calculators Free SaaS Calculators Pricing & Sign Up Sign In Get a Demo Intelligence Suite Adaptive Offers Feedback AI Account Agent Cancel Flows Payment Recovery Campaigns Precision Retries Reactivations Free Churn Metrics Customer Timelines Integrations Resources Blog Free Resources State of Retention Report Customer Results Case Studies Subscription Heroes Developer Docs Our Newsletter Press Appearances How Churnkey Works Free SaaS Calculators Get a Demo Pricing & Sign Up Sign In NEW Announcing Churnkey Intelligence Churnkey Intelligence is here... Harness the power of AI to spot risks, personalize retention, and uncover opportunities. Explore Intelligence Cut churn. Retain more subscribers. Churnkey helps subscription companies fix failed payments, reduce cancellations, and increase ARR. Improve Retention Now Talk With Us A Baseline Churnkey Experience 32% Voluntary Churn Drop 14% Avg. LTV Increase 72% Recovered Payments Cancel Flows Save ~54% of customers Precision Retries Silently lift ARR by ~10% Reactivations Win back past customers Recovery Campaigns Intelligent SMS & email messaging Free Churn Metrics Insights to drive growth In-App Card Updater Block features until card updated Trusted by these customer-obsessed teams…... “ I have been astounded by the customer service Churnkey has provided us... the team has built and delivered on every promise made and this will be a complete game changer for our business. 10/10 recommend. ” Charley Burtwistle Senior Director of Core Subscription, Buildertrend When teams want to drive more revenue while understanding their customers better , they use Churnkey. Your MRR on Churnkey Go ahead. See how we do it. Cancel Flows Turn cancellations into opportunities with Cancel Flows. Retain more customers, capture product feedback, and increase customer loyalty. Effortless personalization Segment your customer base by churn propensity, product usage, spoken language, and more. Dynamic offers Offer cross-sells, pauses, discounts, seat handoffs, and more based on dynamic personalization. Pause Wall Protect app usage by blocking features until your customer resumes their subscription. Explore Cancel Flows Lowers cancellation volume by 54% Used by Payment Recovery Solve your failed payment headaches with Payment Recovery. Retain more customers, capture product feedback, and increase customer loyalty. Precision Retries Recover failed payments without customer intervention. Our custom, proven retry system adapts to the bespoke needs of your business. Omnichannel campaigns When hard declines happen, reach your customers where they are: SMS, email, or in your app. Payment Wall Block key features in your app or product until your customer updates their payment method. Explore Payment Recovery Recovers up to 89% of failed payments Used by Feedback AI Supercharge product development with AI-assisted feedback analysis. Capture product feedback, prioritize features, and drive growth with AI-powered insights. Automatic categorization Freeform feedback is grouped into emergent categories and themes for prioritization and analysis. MRR connection Rank the impact of your product feedback on your bottom line so you know where to focus your development efforts. Intelligent search Use natural language to search for specific feedback, themes, and customers. Explore Feedback AI Increases product development velocity by 3x Used by Reactivations Win back past customers with Reactivations. Boost retention, increase revenue, and strengthen customer relationships with Reactivations. Cancel reason targeting Leverage cancellation reasons to target the right customers with the right message. Dynamic offers Deliver dynamic deals based on your customer's cancellation reason. One-tap reactivations With just one tap or click your customers will apply your offer to their account and immediately reactivate their subscription. Explore Reactivations Reactivates up to 34% of previous customers Used by Churn Metrics Find out what churn is really costing you with Churn Metrics. Track churn volume, identify trends across customer cohorts, and strategize to lower churn. No strings attached Connecting your payment provider will give us read-only snapshot of your churn data to analyze. The metrics that matter No-BS metrics that help you understand your churn problem and where to focus your efforts. Always fresh Updated daily, so you can be sure you're always looking at the latest data. Explore Churn Metrics Surfaces problem areas with clarity Everything you need to build a healthier subscription business. Payment Recovery Recovers up to 89% of failed payments Losing customers to failed payments is antiquated. Come to think of it, so is all of the major dunning software. That's why we offer features like segmented campaigns, dunning offers, and payment retries that are shockingly precise. Precision Retries Silently lift ARR by ~10% Recovery Campaigns Intelligent SMS & email messaging In-App Card Updater Block features until card updated Cancel Flows Save ~54% of customers Get the best cancel flow in the business and reduce cancellations up to 51%. Because your cancel button is a blunt instrument just waiting to become a growth lever. Make customers happier, drive more revenue, spend more time doing what you do best. Feedback AI At-scale feedback analysis You know the only way to improve your business is to listen to customers, but it's really hard to do it at scale. Then there are customer interviews, which everyone dreads. But with our AI engine, you can analyze customer feedback and categorize it automatically so it's easy to take action. Reactivations Win back past customers Stop leaving revenue on the table with Churnkey's timed, personalized, and segmented Reactivation campaigns. Leverage our one-click flows to maximize revenue potential. Churn Metrics Insights to drive growth You don't have time to parse overloaded charts and confusing terminology. Churnkey's best-in-class analytics speak plainly—helping you and your team track boosted revenue, offer uptake, recovery rates, and more. “ No founder wants to think about failed payments or has the time to deal with them. Churnkey stepped up and did it for us — setting us up quickly and optimizing everything — so we could focus on what we love to do : ship fast and grow faster. ” Grant Cooper Co-founder of Cometly A baseline Churnkey experience. Voluntary Churn Drop 32% Time to Integrate 35 minutes mins Avg. LTV Increase 14% Recovered Payments 72% Let us show you how Churnkey outsmarts legacy churn software. See why so many companies are graduating to Churnkey's churn management software to boost revenue, recover failed payments, make customers happier. Schedule a Demo GDPR SOC-2 Type I Email X LinkedIn AngelList © 2025 Churnkey, Inc. All rights reserved. Product Intelligence Suite New Adaptive Offers Feedback AI Account Agent Payment Recovery Cancel Flows Reactivations Free Churn Metrics Customer Timelines Integrations Company Security Newsletter About Us Careers Press Appearances Pricing Support Legal Terms Privacy Policy Learn Get a Demo Resources Hub Churnkey Blog State of Retention Report Developer Docs How Churnkey Works Tools Free Saas Calculators Comparisons Churn Reduction Platforms ProfitWell Retain Alternative Build vs. Buy Alternative Use Cases Product-Led Growth SaaS Nonprofit Fundraising News & Media