CIPD | The Professional Body for HR & People Development Skip navigation All CIPD websites Close For your role For people professionals For people managers For students For independent consultants About us Purpose and impact CIPD Trust Latest news Annual report Our leadership and governance Media centre Contact us Help Login / Register Search Search site: Close Search Search site: Popular searches Knowledge hub The people profession Learning and development with the CIPD Joining the CIPD Equality, diversity and inclusion Suggestions Title Close Overlay Join the CIPD Join the CIPD Login / Register The people profession Close Back The people profession Learn more about the people profession – its wide-ranging roles and expertise, the standards we uphold, and the impact our profession makes. Find out about the people profession Careers in the people profession Careers in the people profession The people profession Careers in the people profession Careers in the people profession Career options in the people profession Why work in the people profession? Getting into the people profession Career guidance How we support the people profession How we support the people profession The Profession Map The Profession Map The people profession The Profession Map The Profession Map Explore the Profession Map How to use the Profession Map The Profession Map for organisations Profession Map FAQs Update history Meet the people professionals Meet the people professionals Explore the Profession Map Policy and insights Close Back Policy and insights Explore our latest viewpoints, thought leadership and news, offered by our CIPD experts and informed by our professional community. Policy and insights Focus on Focus on CIPD viewpoints CIPD viewpoints Thought leadership Thought leadership Latest news from the CIPD Latest news from the CIPD Public policy Public policy Technology and data use in HR functions Knowledge hub Close Back Knowledge hub Stay up to date with our survey findings and guidance on people professional and workplace issues with our factsheets, reports, podcasts and more. Explore the Knowledge and topics hub Equality, diversity and inclusion Equality, diversity and inclusion Wellbeing Wellbeing Learning and development Learning and development Topics A-Z Topics A-Z Tools Tools Podcasts Podcasts Employment law Employment law Business journals from EBSCO Business journals from EBSCO CIPD Knowledge archive CIPD Knowledge archive Research and evidence base Research and evidence base Essential resources Essential resources CIPD HR-inform Pro Learning Close Back Learning Whatever stage you are in your career, we have a range of HR and L&D courses and qualifications to help you progress through your career in the people profession. Explore learning CIPD Qualifications CIPD Qualifications Learning CIPD Qualifications CIPD Qualifications Find the right CIPD Qualification for you Foundation qualifications Associate diplomas Advanced diplomas CIPD Learning courses CIPD Learning courses Learning hub Learning hub Thinking of studying Thinking of studying Student member area Student member area Continuing professional development (CPD) Continuing professional development (CPD) Learning Continuing professional development (CPD) Continuing professional development (CPD) The CPD cycle​ CPD policy and requirements Self-Assessment tool for CIPD members About CPD Massive Open Online Courses Massive Open Online Courses Explore our student member area Membership Close Back Membership Join a global community of people professionals with CIPD membership. Connect with peers, access exclusive resources, gain evidence-based insights, and receive expert guidance. Find out more about CIPD membership Membership levels Membership levels Membership Membership levels Explore our membership levels Affiliate Membership Student Member Foundation Member Associate Member Chartered Member Chartered Fellow Chartered companions Routes to membership Routes to membership Chartered status and upgrading Chartered status and upgrading Been a member before? Rejoin Been a member before? Rejoin Member benefits Member benefits Member area Member area Professional standards and code of conduct Professional standards and code of conduct Membership Professional standards and code of conduct Professional standards and code of conduct Code of Conduct and Ethics Chartered Companion Nominations Get instant access to member benefits with Affiliate Membership For organisations Close Back For organisations For organisations Advisory services for organisations Advisory services for organisations Capability assessment for organisations Capability assessment for organisations Learning and development for organisations Learning and development for organisations Membership for organisations Membership for organisations Partnership options for organisations Partnership options for organisations Who we work with Who we work with People Development partners People Development partners CIPD Group Affiliate Subscription CIPD Group Affiliate Subscription Get involved Close Back Get involved Join an event, connect with your local branch, or collaborate with peers in our online community. Whether you shape policy, lead teams, or support people at work, there are plenty of ways to get involved. Find out how Join our online community Join our online community CIPD events CIPD events CIPD Annual Conference and Exhibition CIPD Annual Conference and Exhibition Connect with your local CIPD team Connect with your local CIPD team Explore our events For your role Close Back For your role For your role For people professionals For people managers For students For independent consultants About us Close Back About us About us Purpose and impact CIPD Trust Latest news Annual report Our leadership and governance Media centre Contact us Help Close Back Help Help Championing better work and working lives around the world Whether you’re a people professional, manager, employer or policy maker, we're here to help you make work better for everyone. Discover what we can do together 160,000+ members Driving impact Thought leaders Better work Setting the standard Shaping better work and working lives together This year, we strengthened professional standards, expanded learning opportunities, and amplified the voice of the people profession worldwide. From growing our global community to launching innovative tools like CIPD Buddy, driving policy change, and supporting thousands through the CIPD Trust, we’re committed to helping members thrive and make an impact. Read how we're delivering on our promise to the people profession: strengthening our policy voice expanding learning pathways aligned to career stage widening access to opportunity through the CIPD Trust enhancing digital tools for faster, more intelligent insight modernising systems to create a more personalised member experience Read the full report 16 Dec, 2025 In case you missed it: Looking back on a year of progress, our Budget response, a significant milestone for the Employment Rights Bill and more Notice of Annual General Meeting Topic AI in the workplace Influencing public policy Want to access more resources and tools to support your career? Take advantage of reliable, up to date resources with CIPD membership. Find the membership level that reflects your expertise, enhances your professional impact and supports your career growth. Explore routes to membership Make an impact with the CIPD Build capability, confidence and credibility with the CIPD. Access the insights, learning and community you need to make a real difference for people and business. Join a global community of people professionals Become a CIPD member to connect with peers, access exclusive resources, gain evidence-based insights, and receive expert guidance. Explore CIPD membership Learn, debate and connect Our online Community is a space to learn, debate and connect with other people professionals. Join the discussion Track law changes Keep up to date with what will change under the Employment Rights Bill, the Equality (Race and Disability) Bill and the plan to Make Work Pay Check the tracker Learning that drives success Keep your career on track with our range of training courses to boost your skills and confidence. Book a course CIPD Student Conference 2026 Be part of the CIPD Student Conference 2026, your exclusive opportunity to explore the trends transforming people practice. Join us online on 7 March to gain practical insights on how to use AI to support your learning, build your professional network, and get tips for navigating the next steps in your career. This free online event is exclusive to CIPD student members and is included as part of your membership. Claim your free ticket Upgrading to FCIPD has been a game-changer in my professional journey. It has elevated my credibility as a strategic people leader, opening doors to greater influence at the executive level. The recognition of my expertise, coupled with access to cutting-edge research and a network of top HR professionals, has empowered me to drive meaningful organisational impact with confidence. Ejaz M, Executive People & Performance Architect, Chartered Fellow, Canada We partner with TOP CIPD websites Visit our websites for the latest information and development. Learning hub Explore our professional development learning platform. People Management Keep up with the latest HR and L&D news. Learning shop Find the right course for you. Bookshop A shop provided by Kogan Page for CIPD students. Join the CIPD Enjoy exclusive access to resources, connections, events and support to further develop yourself professionally. Become a member Qualifications and learning Products and services Join our online community Get involved Careers at the CIPD Join the debate on our social channels. Linkedin Facebook YouTube Bluesky TikTok Instagram Contact and help Find help and support or contact us. Help Membership help Learning help Profession Map FAQs Connect with our teams around the world Contact us © Copyright The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development 2025, 151 The Broadway, London, SW19 1JQ, United Kingdom.
Incorporated by Royal Charter. Registered as a charity in England and Wales (1079797), Scotland (SCO45154) and Ireland (20100827). Accessibility Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms and conditions Modern slavery statement