CipherKey – Wholesale Internet and Datacenter Services Wholesale ISP Fibre, DSL & Cable Reseller CipherTV CipherTV QAM Carrier Ethernet Access High Availability Internet Datacenter Colocation Technology Licensing Broadcasting Services Digital Signage Company About Us Careers News and Updates Partner Login ISP Wholesaler Servicing Canada Coast to Coast For 20+ years, we have powered over 50 independent internet service providers across Canada. ISP Wholesaler Servicing Canada Coast to Coast CipherKey Exchange Corporation started offering wholesale connectivity services back in the days of dial-up internet. CipherKey’s team specializes in network operations, engineering and IPTV technologies. CipherKey has expanded operations as a ‘buying group’ where independent ISP‘s benefit from consolidated purchasing power on incumbent networks. CipherKey ISP Partners are guaranteed affordable and competitive access to wholesale internet, TV and IP transit services. FIBRE, DSL & CABLE RESELLER Wholesale access to the entire Fibre and DSL networks available in Western Canada while residential Cable network covers coast to coast. CIPHERTV DEALER CipherTV broadcasts linear TV under a CRTC license that covers Western Canada. CipherTV is available for wholesale ISP’s to offer. ETHERNET TRANSPORT SERVICES Access multiple fibre optic networks in the West Coast, and layer 2 managed ethernet circuits from a single CipherKey headend port. SD-WAN Manage multi-site and enterprise wide networks and internet circuits with security, failover and bonding capabilities. COLOCATION Downtown Vancouver colocation facility providing superior connectivity options for the ISP industry. COMMUNITY FIBRE City level local partnerships with CipherKey allowing turnkey, open access to municipal fibre plants for residential and commercial. Community Fibre Network Access Municipalities across BC to Maritimes have been opening access to their fibre optic network infrastructures. We have been partnering with local governments to make commercial and residential fibre-to-the-premises available openly to internet service providers under an affordable wholesale arrangement. HOW TO ACCESS Interested in partnering with CipherKey to connect your city or community? CLICK HERE Datacenter Colocation The CipherKey datacenter and colocation facility is located in the basement of the old BC Hydro headquarters in Vancouver, BC. The facility basement was originally designed to withstand the effects of a nuclear bomb, and is located next step to the Vancouver downtown power substation. Secured access to the facility is available 24/7. 970 Burrard Street, Vancouver BC FACILITY INFO Wholesale ISP Servicing Canada Coast to Coast About Us Datacenter Colocation Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy News and Updates Contact Us LATEST NEWS The BC Broadband Conference is an annual event that brings together Internet Providers, Equipment Vendors, and Industry Stakeholders to discuss new technology and trends within the industry. MORE… IPTV service and hardware available in Western and Eastern Canada Digital signage technology with remote, multi-level administration Copyright 2025 CipherKey Exchange Corp. All rights reserved.