Center for Immigration Studies Skip to main content Center for Immigration Studies Low-immigration, Pro-immigrant Center for Immigration Studies Twitter Account Center for Immigration Studies Facebook Page Center for Immigration Studies Gettr Account Center for Immigration Studies Youtube Channel Whistleblower Contact Toggle navigation Home Topics Biden Border Crisis Chain Migration Current Numbers Immigration Costs Population and Environment Illegal Immigration Legal Immigration National Security Migrant Caravans Refugees Sanctuary Cities Welfare Use Publications Authors Press Releases Reports Articles Books Fact Sheets Litigation Maps Podcast Regulatory Comments Transcripts Testimony Videos Blog Full Author List Andrew R. Arthur Todd Bensman Steven Camarota Mark Krikorian David North Nayla Rush Jessica M. Vaughan Data Portal E-mail Updates About Staff List Internship Careers Contact Donate Center for Immigration Studies Twitter Account Center for Immigration Studies Facebook Page Center for Immigration Studies Youtube Channel Whistleblower Contact Search Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Immigration Publications The Impacts of Temporary Protected Status Hearing Before the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Immigration Integrity, Security, and Enforcement George Fishman, Senior Legal Fellow at the Center for Immigration Studies, explains how a program created to address extraordinary and temporary crises has evolved into a de facto permanent immigration status through repeated extensions. Were Refugees Resettled under Biden Properly Vetted? A look at the process suggests potential hazards Were refugees resettled under the Biden-Harris administration properly vetted? A close examination of the process suggests the answer carries serious implications for public safety and national security. Somali Immigrants in Minnesota Profile of a struggling group The migration of Somalis to Minnesota has created stark socioeconomic disparities in a region once known for its egalitarianism. This report documents the struggles of the Minnesota Somali population, now numbering over 75,000, in an otherwise high-achieving state. Motor-Voter Law Often Lures Non-Citizens into Voting Illegally Members of Congress voted for a fatally flawed National Voter Registration Act of 1993 that not only facilitates vote fraud but also results in legal aliens mistakenly voting and putting themselves at risk of jail or deportation, despite the legislation’s flaws being pointed out to its supporters. Rahmanullah Lakanwal: One of 200,000 Afghans Brought Here Since 2021 The Biden–Harris administration evacuated about 80,000 Afghans during the 2021 withdrawal from Afghanistan. Those coming later brought the total to more than 200,000. National Guard shooting suspect Rahmanullah Lakanwal was among them. Watch: Jessica Vaughan Discusses Challenges of Re-vetting Afghan Nationals Visit: Afghan Refugee Topic Page Hearing: The Impacts of Temporary Protected Status Were Refugees Resettled under Biden Properly Vetted? Somali Immigrants in Minnesota Motor-Voter Law Often Lures Non-Citizens into Voting Illegally D.C. Shooter: One of 200,000 Afghans Brought Here Immigration Publications The Impacts of Temporary Protected Status Hearing Before the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Immigration Integrity, Security, and Enforcement George Fishman, Senior Legal Fellow at the Center for Immigration Studies, explains how a program created to address extraordinary and temporary crises has evolved into a de facto permanent immigration status through repeated extensions. Were Refugees Resettled under Biden Properly Vetted? A look at the process suggests potential hazards Were refugees resettled under the Biden-Harris administration properly vetted? A close examination of the process suggests the answer carries serious implications for public safety and national security. Somali Immigrants in Minnesota Profile of a struggling group The migration of Somalis to Minnesota has created stark socioeconomic disparities in a region once known for its egalitarianism. This report documents the struggles of the Minnesota Somali population, now numbering over 75,000, in an otherwise high-achieving state. Motor-Voter Law Often Lures Non-Citizens into Voting Illegally Members of Congress voted for a fatally flawed National Voter Registration Act of 1993 that not only facilitates vote fraud but also results in legal aliens mistakenly voting and putting themselves at risk of jail or deportation, despite the legislation’s flaws being pointed out to its supporters. Rahmanullah Lakanwal: One of 200,000 Afghans Brought Here Since 2021 The Biden–Harris administration evacuated about 80,000 Afghans during the 2021 withdrawal from Afghanistan. Those coming later brought the total to more than 200,000. National Guard shooting suspect Rahmanullah Lakanwal was among them. Watch: Jessica Vaughan Discusses Challenges of Re-vetting Afghan Nationals Visit: Afghan Refugee Topic Page Home Immigration Blog WaPo Delivers a Nothingburger on ICE ‘At-Large’ Arrests The failure to mention sanctuaries is like a review of Star Wars that fails to discuss Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader, or the Force By Andrew R. Arthur on December 31, 2025 Regardless of how you parse the figures, ICE is targeting criminal aliens. It would rather to do that in “controlled environments” like jails and prisons, but sanctuary policies prevent officers in many places from going there, forcing them into riskier “at-large” arrests on the street and in communities. Consider that analysis my attempt to put some meat into the Washington Post’s December 28 Nothingburger. Topics: Sanctuary Cities , Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Court Rejects Chamber of Commerce’s Bid to Bar $100K H-1B Entry Bar ‘The Proclamation and its implementation are lawful’ By George Fishman on December 31, 2025 On December 23, U.S. District Court Judge Beryl Howell rejected the Chamber’s request for summary judgement against the $100,000 fee, ruling that “Congress has granted the President broad statutory authority, which he has used to issue the [H-1B] Proclamation addressing, in the manner he sees fit, a problem he perceives to be a matter of economic and national security.” Topics: H-1B Nonimmigrant Visa Progam Op-ed: False refugee study used by Dems to justify open borders — and massive spending By Don Barnett on December 30, 2025 Even as massive fraud schemes are uncovered in Minnesota, orchestrated primarily by Somali refugees, Democrats are claiming that refugees and asylum seekers provide a substantial net benefit to the United States, based on a methodologically unsound report from 2017. Topics: Welfare , Refugees Are Illegal Entrants Apprehended in the Interior Eligible for Bond? ‘Applicants for admission’ who are ‘seeking admission’ and other judicial rabbit holes By Andrew R. Arthur on December 30, 2025 A recent order was one of at least a hundred district court orders rejecting Trump II’s interpretation of the detention mandate for illegal entrant “applicants for admission” in section 235(b)(2)(A) of the INA. The issues surrounding the detention and release of illegal entrants are not as clear-cut as all those jurists believe. Topics: Immigration Courts , Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) January 2025: The Month Everything Changed in Immigration Trump II arrived with a flurry of executive orders and presidential proclamations, and (as importantly) Congress passed the ‘Laken Riley Act’ By Andrew R. Arthur on December 29, 2025 Regardless of your point of view, January 2025 was likely the most impactful month in U.S. immigration history, ushering in changes that brought historic lows in border encounters and levels of interior arrests and removals that haven’t been seen in decades. Here’s to continued success in the New Year. Topics: Trump 2025 Executive Actions Trump Supersizes the Entry Ban Countries with High Visa Overstay Rates Get Squeezed By George Fishman on December 24, 2025 President Trump has indeed supersized the entry ban, which should result in fewer visa overstayers in the future, a smaller illegal alien population, and a more secure nation. Topics: Visa Fraud View All Postings Database Media Mark Krikorian Reveals Open-borders Machinery Jessica Vaughan Discusses Re-vetting Afghans Steven Camarota Debates Mass Immigration The Center for Immigration Studies is an independent, non-partisan, non-profit research organization founded in 1985. It is the nation's only think tank devoted exclusively to research and policy analysis of the economic, social, demographic, fiscal, and other impacts of immigration on the United States.