Public Citizen - Protecting Health, Safety, and Democracy Public Citizen Skip to navigation [n] Skip to content [c] Skip to footer [f] Menu About Us Victories News Search Get Updates Close JOIN THE MOVEMENT Act Donate Donate Donate Join/Renew Giving Through Your Will Gift of Stocks or Mutual Funds Tax-Deductible Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Gifts From Your Retirement Account Life Insurance Donations Close What are you looking for? Search Protecting Democracy [1] American democracy is in jeopardy, from the disastrous Citizens United ruling that flooded our politics with corporate cash to the immoral assault on voting rights. We work every day to defend against these threats and advance bold reforms. Overturn Citizens United Now Sign the Petition Generative Artificial Intelligence and Threats to Democracy Protecting Elected Officials from Threats Making Government Work [2] The U.S. government should work for the public, not corporations or industry. It should safeguard consumers, workers and the environment, and be funded well enough to do so. The budget process must not be obstructed by partisanship. Get Corporate Money Out of Politics Sign the Petition It’s Time to Cut the Bloated Pentagon Budget to Fund People, Not Military Contractors Ensuring Public Money Does Not Go To Private Equity Consumer & Worker Safeguards [3] Every day, Big Banks, Big Polluters, and Big Tech companies are threatening our economy, our environment, and our democracy – sacrificing Main Street Americans and our families on the altar of corporate profits. Public Citizen advocates for ordinary people by taking on corporate interests and their cronies in government. Don’t Let Big Tech Write Our Digital Privacy Laws Sign Now Trump Guts Enforcement, Greenlights Corporate Crime Spree Trump’s Executive Order Aims to Illegally Undermine Federal Independent Agencies, Shield Big Corporations from Accountability Safe & Affordable Drugs & Devices [4] Prescription drugs are unaffordable and new drugs and devices often are approved without being proven safe and effective. Public Citizen challenges Big Pharma, device manufacturers and federal regulators to make drugs and medical devices safe, effective and accessible to all. Join the Movement Get Involved Health Care [5] Health care in the U.S. leaves too many people out, costs too much and doesn’t meet acceptable standards of quality. Much of the care that we get is unaffordable, unnecessary or harmful. Public Citizen advocates Medicare for All, stronger oversight of dangerous doctors and safe clinical trials. Win Medicare for All Take Action Now Report: The Trump Administration’s Stop-Work Order and Funding Freeze likely affected 32 USAID-Funded Clinical Trials Public Citizen Petitions OSHA and CMS to Implement Work-Hour Regulations for Resident Physicians Globalization & Trade [6] As Public Citizen’s division fighting for a fairer global economy, Global Trade Watch works to expose and challenge trade policies that put corporate profits over people. Under Donald Trump, that mission faces a new urgency. Twice, Trump has won elections by exploiting working people’s real frustrations about an increasingly complex and unequal global economy, yet his trade agenda serves only himself and his billionaire allies. Global Trade Watch seeks to hold him accountable, resist corporate rollbacks, and advance a global trade vision that uplifts workers across borders. Learn more about our work . Join the Trade Justice Movement JOIN NOW Climate & Energy [7] The climate crisis is the challenge of our time. We can fix it with solutions that will make us healthier and more economically secure. We must act quickly to make our economy run on renewable power — and ensure that disadvantaged families and displaced workers share equitably in the new economy. We also must fight the corrupting power of fossil fuel companies and ensure that energy regulators are effective and publicly accountable. Tell Toyota: Go all-in on EVs Add Your Name Climate Roadmap for U.S. Financial Regulation Trump’s Polluter Playground: Fossil Fuel Insiders & Ideologues Prop Up Dirty Energy & Derail Clean Power Justice & the Courts [8] Litigation can remedy or deter wrongdoing, impact policy and meaningfully slow abuses of power. Whether suing on behalf of our members to ensure the honest functioning of government, or representing individual consumers seeking redress in court, our litigation draws on our expertise in administrative law, constitutional law, and government transparency. Subscribe to the Supreme Court Conference Preview Sign Up People. Power. Progress. Lisa Gilbert and Robert Weissman now co-presidents Read More Taking On Trump Fight Back Donate Now Fuel Our Work We are the people's advocate. Corporations have their lobbyists. The people need advocates too. That’s where we come in. Learn More About Public Citizen 50 Years of Victories News See All Trump’s “Big Tech First” Agenda On Display with Outrageous Visa Bans on EU Officials December 24, 2025 SCOTUS Ruling Represents a Decisive Blow to Trump’s Cruel and Authoritarian Agenda December 23, 2025 Tilting at Wind Farms, Trump Administration Pauses Offshore Wind Projects December 22, 2025 New Lawsuit Demands Response to Public Citizen’s White House Ballroom FOIA Request December 22, 2025 Trump’s Energy Emergency Orders Should Prevent Morgan Stanley’s Electricity Exports December 22, 2025 Trump’s Bank Regulators Must Not Walk Away from Financial Institutions Reputational Risk December 22, 2025 CDC Should Not Have Funded Problematic Guinea-Bissau Hepatitis B Vaccine Study December 19, 2025 IRS Sued Over Anti-Solar and Wind Tax Rules December 18, 2025 Trump’s Hand-picked Board Renames the Kennedy Center After Our Authoritarian President December 18, 2025 Truth Social Merger Is a Marriage of a Failed Company and a Fantasy Company December 18, 2025 Big Tech Presses for Expanded Giveaways in Upcoming USMCA Review December 18, 2025 Permitting Reform Proposals Will Exacerbate Current Energy Affordability Crisis December 17, 2025 See All Stay Updated on Public Citizen Follow Public Citizen Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Support Our Work Donate Donate Donate Join/Renew Giving Through Your Will Gift of Stocks or Mutual Funds Tax-Deductible Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Gifts From Your Retirement Account Life Insurance Donations Privacy Policy Careers Contact Copyright © 2024 Public Citizen . Some rights reserved. Non-commercial use of text and images in which Public Citizen holds the copyright is permitted, with attribution, under the terms and conditions of a Creative Commons License. This website is shared by Public Citizen Inc. and Public Citizen Foundation. Learn More about the distinction between these two components of Public Citizen. Public Citizen is fighting, suing, and organizing against the Trump regime. Donate today to support our work. Contribute Now