The Citizen Lab - University of Toronto Open main menu Skip to main content Close main menu Research Targeted Threats Free Expression Online Transparency and Accountability App Privacy and Controls Global Research Network Tools & Resources Publications News In the Media Events Opportunities About About The Citizen Lab Media Resources People Teaching Donate Security Vulnerabilities We Say You Want a Revolution PRISONBREAK – An AI-Enabled Influence Operation Aimed at Overthrowing the Iranian Regime October 2, 2025 Targeted Threats We investigate a coordinated network of inauthentic X accounts that is spreading AI-generated content to induce revolt in Iran. The network has been active since 2023, but increased activity during the Iran-Israel conflict in June 2025. Featured Publications June 18, 2025 Targeted Threats Same Sea, New Phish: Russian Government-Linked Social Engineering Targets App-Specific Passwords Keir Giles, a prominent expert on Russia, was targeted with a new form of social-engineering attack that leverages App-Specific Passwords. Google links the operation to UNC6293, a Russian state-backed group. June 16, 2025 Transparency and Accountability Unspoken Implications: A Preliminary Analysis of Bill C-2 and Canada’s Potential Data-Sharing Obligations Towards the United States and Other Countries Our preliminary analysis of Bill C-2 situates the legislation within the context of existing research by the Citizen Lab about two potential data-sharing treaties that are most relevant to the new proposed powers being introduced in Bill C-2: the Second Additional Protocol to the Budapest Convention (2AP) and the CLOUD Act. Both of which carry significant constitutional and human rights risks. June 12, 2025 Targeted Threats Graphite Caught: First Forensic Confirmation of Paragon’s iOS Mercenary Spyware Finds Journalists Targeted On April 29, 2025, a select group of iOS users were notified by Apple that they were targeted with advanced spyware. Among the group were two journalists who consented to the technical analysis of their cases. In this report, we discuss key findings from our forensic analyses of their devices. Lifting the lid off the Internet. The Citizen Lab is an interdisciplinary laboratory based at the Munk School of Global Affairs & Public Policy, University of Toronto, focusing on research and development at the intersection of information and communication technologies, human rights, and global security. Learn more . Get the latest Citizen Lab news right in your inbox. Subscribe below. Leave this field empty if you're human: Privacy Policy Features & News The AI hype-machine: Canada’s ill-advised ‘national sprint’ on artificial intelligence November 28, 2025 In the Media Citizen Lab senior fellow Cynthia Khoo speaks with Resh Budhu, host of the Courage My Friends podcast, about the problems with Canada’s ‘national sprint’ on artificial intelligence. She notes, “It’s kind of a slap in the face to everyone who has either been harmed by these kinds of reckless approaches to technology, or who has… Read more » Avoiding the kitchen sink: A guide to mixed methods approaches within digital rights governance November 28, 2025 News The Citizen Lab’s Gabrielle Lim, Noura Aljizawi, Shaila Baran, and Nicola Lawford recently published an article in Internet Policy Review on the methodology of digital rights governance research. Through a  scoping review of 141 articles, the authors assess the relationship between interdisciplinary scholarship and single-, multi-, and mixed methods research. They find that interdisciplinary work… Read more » Dec 11 | Signalgate – The Rise of Alternative Communication Platforms November 24, 2025 Events Panel discussion at FT Live’s Global Boardroom, featuring Ron Deibert in conversation with Meredith Whittaker, president of Signal, and Anne Neuberger, former deputy national security advisor for the United States. Nov 26 | Women, Technology, and Peacemaking Webinar: 25 Years after UNSCR 1325 November 11, 2025 Digital Transnational Repression Join us for a timely conversation on how digital repression and surveillance are reshaping women’s participation in peacebuilding and the Women, Peace and Security agenda. Citizen Lab Researchers Sign Open Letter on Canada’s AI Strategy November 5, 2025 News Citizen Lab researchers and director Ron Deibert have signed an open letter to the Canadian Minister of AI and Minister of Industry rejecting the “National Sprint” on AI strategy. The letter calls upon the ministers to extend the consultation deadline, rewrite the public survey, and create a more representative AI task force. Signatories of the… Read more » Ron Deibert Awarded SFU’s 2025 Sterling Prize in Support of Controversy November 4, 2025 Awards Citizen Lab director Ron Deibert is the recipient of the 2025 Sterling Prize in Support of Controversy by Simon Fraser University (SFU). The award recognizes his ongoing work at the intersection of global security, digital technologies, and human rights.   SFU professor David Zandvliet says, “As chair of the Sterling Prize committee, I find his… Read more » Featured Video Gender-based Digital Transnational Repression Explained Research Targeted Threats Free Expression Online Transparency and Accountability App Privacy and Controls Global Research Network Tools & Resources All Publications News In the Media Events Opportunities Newsletter Archives About About The Citizen Lab People Media Resources Teaching Donate Connect Newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: Privacy Policy Unless otherwise noted this site and its contents are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Canada license.