CitiDirect® Online Client Logins CitiDirect ® is everywhere you need to be Log In Citi's next-generation award-winning banking platform CitiDirect® provides one-click access to global transaction capabilities using an intuitive and user-centric workflow. The CitiDirect experience was designed to help users manage accounts, payments, receivables, liquidity, trade, foreign exchange and reporting across the globe and supports multiple transaction types across multiple geographies, subsidiaries, and currencies. CitiDirect streamlines local banking activities by providing direct access via an intuitive and user-friendly interface. Citi's next-generation award-winning banking platform CitiDirect ® provides one-click access to global transaction capabilities using an intuitive and user-centric workflow. The CitiDirect experience was designed to help users manage accounts, payments, receivables, liquidity, trade, foreign exchange and reporting across the globe and supports multiple transaction types across multiple geographies, subsidiaries, and currencies. CitiDirect streamlines local banking activities by providing direct access via an intuitive and user-friendly interface at a global scale. 90+ markets 194 foreign currencies 90K+ organizations How We Help Instant Access to Liquidity Services Make Payments Reduce Trade Risk Optimize Working Capital Customize Reports to Your Needs Integration Made Simple Trade Advisor Anti-Money Laundering Citi Inquiry Resolution Portal (CIRP) Payment Advisor Instant Access to Liquidity Services Digitalize access to products and services to enable visibility, decisioning, action and execution related to a client’s liquidity needs. Learn More Make Payments Save time and simplify your payment process with payment templates and saved beneficiary details. Learn More Reduce Trade Risk Achieve scalability, manage trade documentation on one digital platform, and get support from Citi trade advisors at every stage of your international trade cycle. Citi’s Export Letters of Credit provide growing companies the opportunity to mitigate their foreign buyer and cross-border risk and provide extended terms to their buyers while obtaining liquidity. Issue Import LCs which allow you to enhance payment abilities, diversify supplier relationships and access alternative working capital options. Leverage Documentary Collections (DCs) to facilitate export sales with short-term trade financing for the importer and are an option in a standing exporter-import relationship. DCs can help reduce advance payments for importers and allow for payment of goods or services to a supplier. Optimize Working Capital Improve your working capital, increase visibility and control, and build a more resilient supply chain. Leverage Citi’s global supply chain finance platform to extend days payable outstanding, extract cash, and enhance working capital benefits while accelerating payments to key suppliers reducing supply chain risk. Get access to Dynamic Discounting, Open Account, Deep Tier Financing, and Purchase Order Financing through our digital offerings to optimize returns on excess cash, automate your supply chain process, finance your suppliers’ suppliers, and request pre-shipment financing. Finance domestic and cross-border trade accounts receivable and access alternative sources of liquidity to improve DSO. Simplify complex paper-based loan documentation with a digitized eLoan process. Initiate a loan request with one click and access information on outstanding loan repayment dates and amounts via a single digital portal. Customize Reports to Your Needs Comprehensive reporting capabilities to provide you with quick and easy access to generate the reports to meet your requirements. Integration Made Simple Citi’s versatile APIs and pre-built integrations empower the next generation of the digital economy, whether you’re looking to scale with ease or build solutions for your customers. Learn More Save costs and time while increasing productivity with CitiConnect, your one stop shop to streamline your file exchange and messaging processes, automate processes, and expedite dispute resolutions associated with your cash management needs. Learn More Trade Advisor Get fast, real-time details on a wide range of trade transactions. Trade Advisor through CitiDirect® gives issuing banks, importers and beneficiaries access to the most current status on their Letters of Credit, Document Presentations, Collections and Open Account transactions including whether they’ve been advised, amended or paid. Our self-service tool is free of charge to banks, importers, exporters and virtually anyone involved in a trade transaction processed by Citi. You don’t even need to be a CitiDirect user. Learn More Anti-Money Laundering Anti-Money Laundering (AML) legislation gives banks a mandatory duty to collect documents from, and verify the identity of, each person who authorizes payment transactions on an account held in an AML regulated country. Therefore, if you need to process transactions on any such accounts you may need to supply Citi with suitable identity documents. Otherwise, your ability to process those transactions may be restricted or removed. For specific details of the AML legislation in each country refer to the country-by-country AML requirements documents. Learn More Citi Inquiry Resolution Portal (CIRP) This tool aims to provide you with a quick and seamless response on your inquiries by asking a few questions. Learn More Payment Advisor Payment Advisor is an online tracking tool that provides up-to-the-minute payment status for Funds Transfer activity. It was designed to give any party in the payment chain, the ability to check the status of a single transaction. Learn More Accessing CitiDirect on your terms Get direct access to CitiDirect 24/7 with the CitiDirect Mobile App. Download it today! For a streamlined experience, downloading the CitiDirect mobile app can help you manage payments, account balances, user access and more. Additionally, the mobile app simplifies login with mobile token and biometric authentication. Your Security Is Our Top Priority Your security is our priority MobileToken CitiDirect Mobile Token allows you to easily and securely authenticate your identity and log into CitiDirect on your computer Biometrics Biometric authentication enables clients to log in using fingerprint or facial recognition via the CitiDirect mobile app Cybersecurity Toolkit The privacy and security of our clients’ information is a priority at Citi. We have developed a toolkit with more information and tips on how to safeguard and protect your identity Read about our Digital Platforms Learn More Citigroup.com Cookie Policy Customer Security Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2007 - 2025 Citigroup Inc. This website supports IPv6