City of Chicago Skip to main content An official website of the City of Chicago Here's how you know The .gov means it's official Municipal government websites often end in .gov or .org. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you're on a City of Chicago government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. Get the new, updated COVID-19 and flu vaccines. They're safe, effective, and can be taken together. Learn more at Chicago.gov/COVIDVax . MENU Chicago I Want To Apply For Check Status Of Find / Get Pay for/ buy Register Report / File Request Signup for/ Volunteer Programs and Initiatives Affordable Chicago Chicago Recovery Plan Community Safety Consumer Protection Cut the Tape Education Environment Food Service Establishments Freedom of Information (FOIA) Grants Health & Wellness Housing Inspections, Permitting & Licensing Jobs Municipal Marketing My CHI. My Future. Public Safety Taxes Technology Transparency Transportation Vendor Impact Fund Government Elected Officials Mayor's Office City Clerk City Treasurer City Council (Your Ward & Aldermen) Other City Agencies City Colleges City Council Office of Financial Analysis Housing Authority (CHA) Park District Public Building Commission Public Schools Transit Authority (CTA) Metro Pier & Exposition Authority Departments 311 City Services Administrative Hearings Animal Care & Control Aviation Budget & Management Buildings Bus. Affairs & Consumer Protection City of Chicago TV Civilian Office of Police Accountability Community Commission for Public Safety &  Accountability Cultural Affairs & Special Events Emergency Mgmt & Communications Environment Ethics Family & Support Services Finance Fire Fleet & Facility Management Housing Human Relations Human Resources Inspector General Law License Appeal Commission People with Disabilities Planning & Development Police Police Board Procurement Services Public Health Public Library Public Safety Administration Streets & Sanitation Technology & Innovation Transportation Water Management Legislation and Regulation Municipal Code Construction Codes Zoning and Land Use Ordinance City of Chicago Rules Portal Other Employee Directory Boards & Commissions City Holidays (Offices Closed) About Chicago History Facts and Statistics Attractions Social Media Accounts Accessibility Search DIVERSE, INNOVATIVE, WORLD CLASS WELCOME TO CHICAGO Chicago is a Welcoming City! Learn about rights and resources for Immigrant, Migrant, and Refugee communities. Protecting Chicago The City of Chicago is committed to protecting our communities from harmful federal actions and inactions that threaten our rights, our well-being, and our shared future. Mayor Brandon Johnson Pay Utility Bill Work for the City Parking Tickets Street Operations Land Acknowledgement The City of Chicago is located on land that is and has long been a center for Native peoples. The area is the traditional homelands of the Anishinaabe, or the Council of the Three Fires: the Ojibwe, Odawa, and Potawatomi Nations. Many other Nations consider this area their traditional homeland, including the Myaamia, Ho-Chunk, Menominee, Sac and Fox, Peoria, Kaskaskia, Wea, Kickapoo, and Mascouten. The City specifically acknowledges the contributions of Kitihawa of the Potawatomi in fostering the community that has become Chicago. We acknowledge all Native peoples who came before us and who continue to contribute to our City. We are committed to promoting Native cultural heritage News Releases Other City Updates Dec 23, 2025 Mayor Brandon Johnson Statement on Supreme Court Blocking National Guard Deployment to Chicago Dec 23, 2025 Mayor Brandon Johnson Signs Executive Order Capping Police Overtime Spending, Creates New Oversight Framework Dec 23, 2025 Mayor Brandon Johnson Signs “Fair Recovery” Executive Order, Prohibiting Sale of Medical Debt, Establishing Responsible Debt Collection Standards Dec 22, 2025 Mayor Brandon Johnson Tips Off Second Annual Freshman Holiday Basketball Tournament For Chicago High Schoolers Dec 19, 2025 Mayor Brandon Johnson Statement On Trump Administration Restricting Housing And Healthcare For LGBTQ+ Community View All News Releases Dec 29, 2025 Tax Rate Changes as of January 2026 Dec 29, 2025 The City of Chicago Will Ring in the New Year with Fireworks on the Chicago River and at Navy Pier on Wednesday, December 3 Dec 24, 2025 Chicago Department of Public Health Weekly Media Brief, 12/24/2025 Dec 22, 2025 Chicago Department Of Aviation Launches ‘O’Hare Moments’ Campaign Dec 22, 2025 Mayor Brandon Johnson, Department of Streets and Sanitation and Chicago Park District Host Annual Holiday Tree Recycling from January 3-17 at 27 Locations Citywide View All Other City Updates Home Disclaimer Privacy Policy Web Standards Site Credits Site Map Contact Us Press Room City of Chicago Copyright © 2010 - 2025 City of Chicago Video Title Close Image Title Close