Home | City & State New York Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Politics Policy Personality Power Lists Opinion | Events Special Reports Magazine Newsletters More Politics Policy Personality Power Lists Opinion Events Special Reports Magazine Newsletters Podcasts Job Board Resource Directory Legal & Public Notices Subscription Advertise About Us Staff Merchandise Awards, Plaques & Permissions Channels Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Trending Who’s who in Zohran Mamdani’s administration? ▼ Scroll To Continue ▼ Eric Adams goes out fighting the City Council Politics Eric Adams goes out fighting the City Council Vetoes and a brand new charter revision commission marked the New York City mayor’s last day By Sahalie Donaldson, Annie McDonough and Jeff Coltin 5 hours ago Sponsored Content Who’s who in Zohran Mamdani’s administration? Immigration Gustavo Rivera wants you to know your rights News & Politics Eric Adams’ curtain call News & Politics What does it mean to be on Mamdani’s transition committee? For most, an assembly and a 90-minute Zoom Albany Agenda What will be the biggest 2026 policy fights in Albany? News & Politics In theory, each City Council member’s office gets the same budget. In reality, some get much more Sponsored Content Who’s who in Zohran Mamdani’s administration? Immigration Gustavo Rivera wants you to know your rights News & Politics Eric Adams’ curtain call News & Politics What does it mean to be on Mamdani’s transition committee? For most, an assembly and a 90-minute Zoom Albany Agenda What will be the biggest 2026 policy fights in Albany? News & Politics In theory, each City Council member’s office gets the same budget. In reality, some get much more Politics Show All Zohran Mamdani Who’s who in Zohran Mamdani’s administration? Meet the folks who will run New York City come 2026. By Annie McDonough, Holly Pretsky, Jeff Coltin and Sophie Krichevsky 4 hours ago Immigration Gustavo Rivera wants you to know your rights City & State accompanied the state senator as he spoke with constituents about how to respond to ICE raids. By Rebecca C. Lewis 5 hours ago Eric Adams Eric Adams’ curtain call The New York City mayor’s last day in office may include vetoes and the creation of a new charter revision commission. By Sahalie Donaldson 5:00 AM ET News & Politics What does it mean to be on Mamdani’s transition committee? For most, an assembly and a 90-minute Zoom The mayor-elect has solicited input from crowded virtual meetings and a digital recommendation form. By Holly Pretsky, Annie McDonough and Sahalie Donaldson December 30, 2025 Policy Show All Education The education challenges the Mamdani administration faces A wholesale end to mayoral control of schools will not be among them, despite what Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani said on the campaign trail. By Sahalie Donaldson and Annie McDonough 5 hours ago Policy Hochul quietly signs bill to stop conservatives from hijacking WFP ballot line The new law makes it easier for the progressive third party to un-enroll someone “not in sympathy with the principles” of the party. By Rebecca C. Lewis December 29, 2025 Policy Hochul’s year-end vetoes and signatures Gov. Kathy Hochul has just one bill that remains up in the air as 2026 approaches. By Rebecca C. Lewis December 22, 2025 New York State What will be the biggest 2026 policy fights in Albany? Raising taxes and enacting the Mamdani agenda are likely to be major points of conflict. By Rebecca C. Lewis December 22, 2025 Personality Show All New York City Mamdani to name Kamar Samuels as schools chancellor The Manhattan superintendent will lead the nation’s largest public school system. By Holly Pretsky, Annie McDonough and Sahalie Donaldson December 30, 2025 New York City Mark Levine names top staff for NYC Comptroller’s office More than half the top appointees are staying on from Brad Lander’s administration. By Sahalie Donaldson December 30, 2025 Personality The top tweets in New York politics from 2025 These posts were featured in City & State’s First Read Tonight newsletter. By Eric Holmberg December 29, 2025 Interviews & Profiles The Blue Square Alliance is working to get people off the sidelines in the fight against antisemitism Adam Katz, president of Robert Kraft’s foundation, shares how he has stitched together a proprietary system of addressing the problem of Jewish hate. By Kelly Grace Price December 23, 2025 The must-read daily newsletter for NY's political community. Get it in your inbox. email Register for Newsletter Events Calendar Show All Jan 20, 2026 9:15 am ET Live Event 2026 Nonprofit BoardCon Jan 27, 2026 9:00 am ET Live Event New York's Business Blueprint Feb 17, 2026 9:00 am ET Live Event NY Higher Education Summit 2026 Dec 17, 11:00 am ET Live Event 2025 Responsible 100 Jan 20, 2026 9:15 am ET Live Event 2026 Nonprofit BoardCon Jan 27, 2026 9:00 am ET Live Event New York's Business Blueprint Feb 17, 2026 9:00 am ET Live Event NY Higher Education Summit 2026 Dec 17, 11:00 am ET Live Event 2025 Responsible 100 The must-read daily newsletter for NY's political community. Get it in your inbox. email Register for Newsletter Power Lists Show All Power Lists The 2025 Upstate Power 100 Key New York leaders making an impact north of Westchester. By City & State December 22, 2025 Publisher's Section The 2025 Responsible 100 New Yorkers who are making the world a better place. By City & State December 15, 2025 Health Care The 2025 Top Mental Health Care Providers Medical and nonprofit organizations meeting New Yorkers’ mental health needs By City & State December 8, 2025 Trailblazers The 2025 Staten Island Trailblazers Remarkable residents of Richmond County By City & State November 24, 2025 Opinion Show All Opinion Opinion: The 40-year debate over school governance Should the mayor be in charge of the city’s schools? By Joseph P. Viteritti 5 hours ago Opinion Opinion: Policy that performs is a win for New Yorkers Our bill to ban bots and brokers from making and reselling restaurant reservations is working. By Nathalia Fernandez and Alex Bores 5:00 AM ET Opinion Opinion: How Black and Jewish Brooklynites teamed up against a controversial housing bill A broad coalition helped block the Community Opportunity to Purchase Act from winning a veto-proof majority. By Darlene Mealy December 30, 2025 Opinion Opinion: How Black and Jewish Brooklynites teamed up against a controversial housing bill A broad coalition helped block the Community Opportunity to Purchase Act from winning a veto-proof majority. By Darlene Mealy December 30, 2025 Magazine Show All NYN Media Show All NYN Media Opinion: The Community Opportunity to Purchase Act gives older adults a fighting chance to stay in their homes Passing a bill to give nonprofit developers a better chance to buy properties could result in more affordable housing being preserved. By Beth Finkel and Sandy Nurse December 15, 2025 NYN Media New York City has reduced its nonprofit contract backlog by 52% this year A Q&A with Mayor’s Office of Nonprofit Services Executive Director Michael Sedillo. By Amanda Salazar December 1, 2025 NYN Media Best corporate practices for supporting nonprofits during a ‘state of emergency’ An interview with Raised By Us Executive Director Jessica Sloan on how to leverage volunteerism in support of the sector. By Laurel Dumont November 16, 2025 Interviews & Profiles Increasing inclusion in the city’s contracting process An interview with NYC Chief Business Diversity Officer Michael Garner. By Amanda Salazar November 10, 2025 Next City & State Links News & Politics Albany Agenda Campaign Confidential New York City New York State Campaigns & Elections Heard Around Town News & Politics Ask the Experts Announcements Policy Budget Criminal Justice Education Energy & Environment Ethics Gambling Healthcare Housing Immigration Infrastructure Labor Policy Publisher's Section Small Business Technology Transportation Personality Interviews & Profiles Personality Winners & Losers Power List Opinion Commentary Editor's Note Opinion NYN Media Nonprofits List Nominations First Read Sign up Featured Announcements Magazine Subscribe Issues Media Podcasts Videos Resource Directory Events Conferences Network Receptions Award Ceremony Past Events Jobs Products Why Post with Us About NY Nonprofit Jobs About Staff Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Merchandise Awards, Plaques & Permissions Follow Us © 2025 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name * I Work For... * — select — State/Local Government Federal Government Government Contractor Education Private Sector Lobbying Advocacy Media Retired Agency/Department * — select — Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Agency/Department * — select — Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Agency/Department * — select — Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Agency/Department * — select — Government Association County Municipal Special District State Other Agency/Department * — select — Higher Education K-12 Education Other Organization Function * — select — Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Please Provide Your Org.'s Name * Industry * — select — Education & Academia Energy & Environment Financial Services Government Health Care Labor Law Media PR & Consulting Real Estate Technology Job Title * Job Function * — select — Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Country * United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name * Postal code * Phone Number Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive
                  Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more . Thank you! Thank you for subscribing! Please check out our other newsletter offerings on our Newsletter page. Close × Get the must-read daily newsletter covering New York's nonprofit community. Sign up for FIRST READ Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- State/Local Government Federal Government Government Contractor Education Private Sector Lobbying Advocacy Media Retired Also get our Events Newsletters, and stay up to date on all our in-person and virtual offerings. Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, City & State NY can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more . Submit More from CSNY Privacy Policy