Your choice regarding cookies on this site

We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.

I AcceptI Do Not AcceptCookie Preferences
Skip to main content
Menu
Open Main Navigation
Linkedin follow
Twitter follow
Facebook follow
Main content area

We use digital innovation and collaborative problem-solving to improve everyday interactions.

From strategy and design to development and support

What we do
From strategy and design to development and support, we research, design, create and build for our clients by placing them at the centre of everything we do. So, you can be sure of one thing... CIVIC knows...
Discovery and UX
By understanding user needs, we can deliver services that create rewarding experiences and help our clients better connect with their audiences.
Design and creative
We help businesses and organisations look good, talk better and engage more with their audiences.
Accessibility evaluations and testing
We use our deep understanding of the latest regulations to ensure online communications are accessible for all.
Web design and development
We design and build websites and online applications, and integrate them with business systems, to ensure an effective online presence.
Hosting and support
Our hosting platforms are robust, scalable and secure, and backed up by the support you’d expect from a market-leader.
Scroll carousel to the left
Scroll carousel to the right
Some of our work
Land and Nature Skills Service
Branding the gateway to Cumbria's rural industries
Branding, Design and creative, Identity
Edinburgh College of Art
Designing for creativity. Redefining the Edinburgh College of Art website
Accessibility, User research and testing, UX design, Web design, Web development
Independent Office for Police Conduct
Human-centred design for public confidence
Accessibility, User research and testing, UX design, Web design, Web development
Liverpool John Moores University
Creative design partner to a modern, forward-thinking university
Design and creative, Identity
View all projects
Cookie Control - GDPR compliance
Our Cookie Control tool is GDPR, LGPD and CCPA compliant, simple and intuitive, and puts users in control. It stops cookies being placed on a user’s device until they give explicit consent.
User-generated content engine
Ffora is a flexible and scalable solution that empowers online communities to collaborate, create content and share resources.
Workflow and case management
Our flexible and compliant systems place information, options and support in one place to help business teams focus on core activities.
Learning management systems
Our learning management platform uses gamification and social reputation mechanics to enhance training, learning and knowledge-sharing.

Cookie Control - The original cookie solution updated for GDPR, LGPD and CCPA

Documentation Download
Cookie Control
 Pricing
Our thoughts
View all posts
18 November 2025

Cookie Control impacted by global Cloudflare issue

Our Cookie Control customers may experience issues due to a widespread problem with our CDN provider Cloudflare. This is an external issue which is currently directly impacting the delivery of our service.

While we have robust caching in place to help mitigate temporary loss of service, we expect you may encounter intermittent failures or slow performance until Cloudflare fully resolves the problem on their end.

Our team is actively monitoring the situation and will provide further information as soon as it becomes available.

25 September 2025

Integrating Microsoft Clarity with Consent Mode v2 & Cookie Control

Microsoft Clarity now supports Consent Mode v2, giving you more control over how session recording and analytics behave depending on user choices. This guide explains how to integrate Clarity with Cookie Control so that Clarity only activates once the user has granted the required consent.

12 South Charlotte Street,
Edinburgh, Scotland
EH2 4AX

info@civicuk.com

+44 (0)131 624 9830

Main site links
Services
Solutions
About
Partners
Work
Blog
Contact

© CIVIC 2025. All rights reserved.

Scroll to top
Secondary navigation
Accessibility
Jobs
Privacy
Sitemap