Rapidly build smarter business apps with Claris | claris.com Claris Platform Claris Platform Claris Platform The unified tech-building platform taking everyday innovation to the next level. Claris FileMaker Build powerful custom apps with the industry-leading professional toolset. Claris Connect Seamlessly integrate and automate entire tech stacks and workflows. Claris Studio Build rich web experiences for internal and external users with our cloud-native toolset. Each Claris FileMaker hosting option has distinct advantages. Explore the best choice for your organization Resources Resources Resources Instant access to global resources like tutorials, workshops, and training. Support Knowledge Base Updates & Release Notes Documentation System Status Contact Support Learn & Build Get Certified Claris Blog Engineering Blog Get Training Marketplace Explore Community Claris Community Claris Engage Events Partners Claris Partners Claris Partners Tap into our worldwide network of 1,400+ partners and counting. Find a Partner Connect with a Claris Partner to build and deploy your solution. Ask an Expert Need help, guidance, or advice on Claris? Ask a Claris expert. Become a Partner Join the Claris Partner program and expand your business. Success Stories "The impact that FileMaker has had on our business has been invaluable." See Claris in action Custom Claris software doubles this tyre retailer's sales. Customer Stories See how the Claris platform transformed these businesses, schools, and organizations. Use Cases Explore how problem solvers turned ideas into impressive, custom solutions. Claris for: K-12 Education IT Pros Low-code Development Pricing Search Explore AI Free Trial Discover the best hosting solution for your business. See what's available One powerful platform. Unlimited solutions. Build custom apps integrated with AI. Connect your tech stack. Collect and visualize data. It's the most powerful platform for problem solvers. Explore Claris FileMaker 2025 Talk to an expert Claris, an Apple company. Trusted for over 40 years to deliver Apple-level performance, security, and reliability—powering custom apps that move the world forward. Today, we're taking that legacy further with the power of AI. See what's next Make custom apps even smarter. Integrate AI with FileMaker to power more meaningful searches through everyday language, letting users interact with custom apps naturally. Explore AI capabilities The Claris platform Build with confidence. Tackle any problem thrown your way, knowing you have the ideal app development platform to digitally transform the entire business. ‍ One unified platform — now accessible at no extra cost with existing Claris FileMaker 2025 licensing. Learn more Want help with an app? Claris has 1,400+ partners across the globe who build custom apps for business of all sizes, nonprofits, and schools. Learn more Talk to an expert Together, we build incredible things. Our value to the world is more than just a platform. It's the solutions problem solvers create when using the toolset, and we have resources to support you every step of the way. Get resources See how the Claris platform revolutionizes workplace operations for every kind of organization. Build a custom workplace operating system for an innovative Australia tyre startup. BROADCAST PRODUCTION Mobile Tyre Shop , a tyre retailer once featured on Shark Tank, worked with a Claris Partner to transform the business into an innovative technology company for the digital age. Read the full story "The impact that FileMaker has had on our business has been invaluable." Create a broadcast operations management system for live TV production. BROADCAST PRODUCTION ESPN Netherlands worked with a Claris Partner to build a central source of truth to manage its live sports broadcast production schedule. Read the full story "Claris FileMaker is one real-time system that we rely on to support our work for our fans." Centralize marine research data and operations for a nonprofit. RESEARCH OPERATIONS OceanX needed help keeping their teams connected and current, even those at sea in remote locations. They turned to Claris FileMaker. Read the full story "FileMaker is an exceptionally good low-code tool and is one of the best-kept secrets in the universe." Facilitate health care and vaccinations of 115,000+ patients in Eswatini, Africa. HEALTH CARE OPERATIONS The Luke Commission created a Claris app to manage medical records, vaccines, fleet management, and appointments for patients in rural Africa. Read the full story "We lean on Claris to solve problems and aim to be just a little bit better for the next patient in line." Generate custom contracts for luxury cars customers in just minutes. CUSTOM REPORTS Fast cars now come with fast contracts, thanks to Claris FileMaker. This luxury car dealership worked with a Claris Partner to speed up their sales process by 400x. Read the full story "That's what I really like about FileMaker – you can react so flexibly to the wishes of your customer." Build AI-powered solutions with the latest FileMaker release. Try it. Test drive the latest version of FileMaker with a free 45-day trial. Learn more Update it. Need a license? Purchase the latest version of FileMaker in the Claris Store. Upgrade today Already an active customer? Reach out. Have some questions about the Claris platform? We’re happy to help. Contact us Claris ⟩ Home Sign up for the Claris Newsletter. Email Country United States Canada Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Cote d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Federated States of Micronesia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong S.A.R., China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Rwanda Reunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Republic of Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding Claris products and events. I can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing! This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. Platform Claris Platform Claris FileMaker Claris Connect Claris Studio FileMaker Cloud Hosting options Support Knowledge Base (opens in a new window) Updates & Release Notes Documentation System Status (opens in a new window) Contact Support (opens in a new window) Learn & Build Get Certified Claris Blog Engineering Blog (opens in a new window) Get Training (opens in a new window) Marketplace (opens in a new window) All Resources Partners Overview Find a Partner Ask an Expert Become a Partner Partner Community (opens in a new window) Success Stories Customer Stories Use Cases K-12 Education IT Pros Low-code Development Community Claris Community (opens in a new window) Claris Engage Events Company About Us Career Opportunities (opens in a new window) Resellers Contact Us Free Trial Pricing Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook %GFOOT-YOUTUBE-SECRET-TEXT %GFOOT-INSTAGRAM-SECRET-TEXT Copyright © 2025, Claris International Inc. Terms of Use Legal Privacy Policy Piracy Security EN Choose Your Country or Region Let's connect you to a FileMaker expert who can offer advice on custom solutions. Fill out the form and we’ll reach out shortly. First Name Last Name Business Email Business Phone Company What are you trying to do? Build a new custom app Update an existing solution Fix issue with an existing solution Validate my idea Country United States Canada Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Cote d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Federated States of Micronesia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong S.A.R., China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Rwanda Reunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Republic of Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding Claris products and events. I can unsubscribe at any time. I have read, understood, and agree to the Terms of Use . I also understand how Claris will use my information. Privacy Policy . You can opt-out anytime by clicking the “unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our emails. This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. Postal code requires a minimum of [value1] digits. Postal code requires a minimum of [value1] letters/digits. Postal code requires [value1] digits. Please enter letters/digits. Postal code requires [value1] letters/digits. You’re good to go. Thanks for you interest in in Claris FileMaker and the powerful business solutions it delivers. Look for someone from the Claris team to be in touch shortly. Don’t have your download link? If you have an active Claris FileMaker license but don’t have your download link, install the trial version and follow these instructions. Close Open instructions