Clark University | Challenge Convention. Change Our World. Clark University Menu Search × Close Search clarku.edu × Close Academics Degree programs The Clark Experience Undergraduate curriculum Graduate Education Advising Honors Program 4+1 Accelerated Master’s Degree Schools and departments More… Admissions Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions Continuing education International students Tuition and fees Financial aid More… Student Life Housing and dining Health and wellness Athletics and recreation Worcester Involvement Student Success More… Research Highlights Facilities and labs Centers and institutes Fellowships More… About Facts Mission Campus Leadership Clark Inspired Diversity and inclusion More… Bookmarks Library Academic calendar Courses and schedules ClarkYOU People directory Resources for: Future students Current students Faculty Staff Families Alumni Visit Apply Request information Ways to give Apply Stories that shaped 2025 The discoveries, partnerships, and bold ideas from Clark that are making a difference—in Worcester, across the country, and around the world. stories of impact Explore clark Academics Admissions Life at Clark The Clark Experience The Clark Experience prepares students to be creative, imaginative, and bold thinkers who are ready to challenge convention and change our world. With academic excellence at its core, The Clark Experience is our promise to every student that they will have the opportunity to excel academically, discover their purpose, explore their passions, cultivate their communities, engage locally and globally, and know that they are prepared for a fulfilling career and life. The Clark Experience Top value in the country #37 U.S News & World Report has ranked Clark University #37 on its list of the best value schools in the country! The ranking recognizes our exceptional academics, generous financial aid, and overall affordability. As U.S. News puts it, “The higher the quality of the program and the lower the cost, the better the deal.” Discover Clark to find out just how right they are Academics At ClarkFEST, students share their research, academic achievements, and creative works through posters, presentations, and interactive exhibits. Featured What are serious games? × Close Professor Ulm breaks down the definition and talks about how campus educators, students, designers, researchers, and community partners from across the globe are convening at Clark to explore how games can improve the world. ‘Meaningful change starts with empathy’ Turna Barua ’26 facilitates adult education classes in Bangladesh, supported by a Projects for Peace grant. Student perspective Global collaboration for climate resilience Clark has launched a three-year partnership with Wollo University, Ethiopia, building on field research with farmers who are adapting to drought and conflict. The collaboration opens new opportunities for student research, faculty exchanges, and joint climate work. Learn what’s ahead More ClarkU News Academics 82 Majors, minors, and concentrations. Find your program 100% of students complete an internship or experiential learning. The Clark Experience 66% Students receive need-based financial aid Financial assistance 9:1 Student-to-faculty ratio in the classroom Our faculty Explore majors Accelerated Master’s Graduate programs Clark will change the way you think about education Clark is one of 45 distinguished institutions recognized by Colleges That Change Lives for uniting the depth of a liberal arts education with the rigor of a research university—a place where students grow as thinkers and creators, every day. Learn for yourself what makes Clark a standout in the field.  Contact admissions for more information. Undergraduate graduate Discovery & Impact We think differently. We break down barriers to new knowledge and positive action. Biology Can our genetic cousin help us understand mutations that contribute to cancer, diabetes, and other diseases? Humanities How did Algonquian mapmakers contribute to the story of New England? Climate, Environment, and society Can protecting Indigenous land rights protect human health? More discovery & impact Be a force for change. Come study at a small research university with a strong liberal arts core. Undergraduate Graduate Visit Apply Still curious? Request more information . Inquire Apply Invest in the next generation of Clarkies. Ways to give 950 Main St, Worcester, MA, USA 01610 • 508-793-7711 Facebook X Instagram TikTok YouTube LinkedIn Threads Report a concern Careers Privacy policy Maps & directions Campus safety Office directory Events Website feedback Website accessibility Nondiscrimination policy Copyright © 2025 Clark University