Home | Clarkson University Skip to main content Toggle menu Academics & Research Toggle submenu Find Your Program Schools, Institutes & Centers Research Graduate Education Professional Development Honors Program Global & Immersion Experiences University Libraries Admissions & Financial Aid Toggle submenu Financial Aid Undergraduate Admissions & Aid Graduate Admissions & Aid Transfer Admissions & Aid International Admissions & Aid The Clarkson School: Early College Program Student Achievement Services Student Life Toggle submenu Clubs & Activities Housing & Dining Health & Wellness The Surrounding Region Student Support and Services Graduate Student Life Clarkson Ignite Dean of Students Office of Information Technology Resources for Parents and Families Annual University Events Student Health and Counseling Services Athletics Toggle submenu Game Schedules Purchase Hockey Tickets Intramural Sports About Toggle submenu Accreditation History News & Events Clarkson at a Glance University Leadership Our Shared Community Visit Clarkson The Clarkson Brand News & Events Toggle search Search Submit Resources For Prospective Students Current Students Parents & Families Employers & Partners Alumni Information for Alumni Current Students Parents & Families Employers & Partners Request Info Visit Apply Give Toggle search Search Submit Resources For Prospective Students Current Students Parents & Families Employers & Partners Alumni Pause Background Video IGNITE YOUR PURPOSE Watch more! A PLACE LIKE NO OTHER We’re a tight-knight community located near the Adirondack Park and its scenic mountains, waterways, and Olympics recreation. Our unique setting inspires us, the size of our community propels us—serving as a catalyst to meet the needs of our students by tailoring our approach to each individual. Getting to Know Us Starts Here Main Campus Clarkson's main campus, located in the quintessential college town of Potsdam, New York, is nestled on 640 wooded and waterfront acres. Explore Main Campus Solinsky Engineers Our Solinsky Engineers Program brings up to 100 of the University's top first-year engineering students together to live, learn and grow each year. Explore Solinsky Engineers Recognition Gallery Clarkson's December Recognition ceremony was held recently on our Potsdam campus. Check out the gallery of images of students who received bachelor's, master's, and Ph.D. programs degrees. Explore Recognition Gallery Finding Solutions For A Better Future We are a community of researchers, scholars, and students from a variety of disciplines. Together, we discover innovative solutions to today’s greatest challenges. Academics and Research Research Focus Areas Clarkson A 'Best Value' School, Tops For Engineering Clarkson University has once again been recognized for delivering strong value in higher education, earning a place among the top 55 Best Value National Universities in the 2025 U.S. News & World Report rankings. Clarkson is also ranked among the top 145 National Universities, and is also a top 115 Best Undergraduate Engineering program. Read More About Our Rankings Students Take the Wheel Clarkson University students  are advancing the future of transportation through projects on self-driving cars, electric vehicles, and cybersecurity. They presented their research at two conferences in Delaware. Find Out About Their Projects Clarkson Could Hold Key to Cooler Earth A device developed by Clarkson researchers has the potential to help scientists understand how particles in the stratosphere could help cool our overheating planet. The device has been developed by Bayard D. Clarkson Distinguished Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Suresh Dhaniyala and graduate student Nagarajan Radhakrishnan. Find Out More Defanging Fire-Fighting Foam PFAS, widely recognized for their environmental persistence and adverse health impacts, present a significant challenge for remediation. Aqueous film-forming foam (AFFF) stockpiles are one of the major culprits responsible for water and soil contamination by PFAS. Clarkson researchers think they found a solution. Delve Into the Researchers' Work 1 / 5 Return on Investment 97% University Placement Rate - Class of 2024 within 6 months of graduation in their chosen field 97% University Placement Rate - Class of 2024 within 6 months of graduation in their chosen field Visit our award winning Career Center $82,900 average early career salary (0-5 years) for Clarkson graduates&nbsp; $82,900 average early career salary (0-5 years) for Clarkson graduates Check out our incredible salary statistics at Payscale's website Top 25 Best Career Services, According to the Princeton Review's Best Value Colleges for 2023 Top 25 Best Career Services, According to the Princeton Review's Best Value Colleges for 2023 Read Princeton Review's Best Value Colleges for 2023 Report New for Fall: More Food Choices, More Deals, More Flexibility Our students spoke, and we listened. Clarkson's food scene will be new and improved this fall, with more choices, more locations, and more meal plans. We're excited - and a little hungry. Dig In to The Details Clarkson Spotlights Women in Engineering at Full SPEED "I'm part of Clarkson Formula Knights and I'm the aerodynamic subteam lead, which means I design the aerodynamic package of the car. When I first starting driving the car, I thought I was going to be terrified...but once you're in the car and in the zone, it's just really freeing. And driving at competition, you get all those excitements and the adrenaline rush. And it's a really, really great experience that I don't think I would have anywhere else." Kate Kerwood '25, BS in Aerospace Engineering Learn more about our SPEED teams Watch Kate's Video STEM Means Business "As a Business Analytics major, I am proud to say this journey could not be more rewarding. Leveraging STEM in a program that allows me to develop an understanding in information systems, creating strategic pathways, and learning to present and communicate effectively with my colleagues gives me confidence for my future. I wouldn't change it for the world!" Lauryn "Milly" Wilson '25, BS in Business Analytics Learn more about our Business Analytics major Learn more about how STEM means Business at Clarkson Transfer to Success “I wanted to arrive as a Junior and dive headfirst into all the outstanding things each class and Clarkson has to offer. The transfer process was easy, and many of my previous credits counted toward my progress at Clarkson.” Jacob Hatch ’24, BS in Software Engineering Transfer to Clarkson BS in Software Engineering Technology Serving Humanity “To me, being in a STEM field means to serve humanity and make sure my work is for the benefit of people or our world. Our education opens doors for us in so many industries and areas where we can really make a difference.” Kimberly Gomez ’25, BS in Mechanical Engineering Learn More about STEM as a Team Sport About the Wallace H. Coulter School of Engineering and Applied Sciences Take the Next Step Apply Request Info Visit University Libraries News & Events Academic Calendar Human Resources Book Store Non-Discrimination Intranet Organizational Chart Potsdam Campus 8 Clarkson Ave • Potsdam, NY 13699 Phone: 315-268-6400 Capital Region Campus 40 British American Boulevard • Latham, NY 12110 Phone: 518-631-9831 Contact Us © Copyright 2025 Clarkson University CARES Act Report & Consumer Information Disclosure (HEOA) Web Accessibility Assistance facebook twitter Instagram Youtube