The Claremont Colleges – Seven institutions. Infinite choices. Skip to content Search for: Home Campus Life Community News Media Events Map Search for: Student Services Athletics Residence Dining Clubs & Organizations Arts & Event Centers Shop TCC Home Campus Life Community News Media Events Map Loading... Home Joe Bartucca 2025-12-02T10:49:30-08:00 Toggle Navigation Pomona College (Founded 1887) Claremont Graduate University (Founded 1925) Scripps College (Founded 1926) Claremont McKenna College (Founded 1946) Harvey Mudd College (Founded 1955) Pitzer College (Founded 1963) Keck Graduate Institute (Founded 1997) Seven institutions. Infinite Choices. The Claremont Colleges includes five undergraduate liberal arts colleges and two graduate institutions: Pomona College, Claremont Graduate University, Scripps College, Claremont McKenna College, Harvey Mudd College, Pitzer College and Keck Graduate Institute. Located on contiguous campuses in the Southern California city of Claremont, each institution has its own student body, faculty, governance, curricular emphasis, culture, and mission. Intercollegiate cooperation provides university-scale services and facilities. With over 8,000 students and 3,400 faculty and staff, located on nearly 600 acres of land, The Claremont Colleges benefit from the diverse missions, character and culture, as well as the integration of academic and extracurricular programs that make up this truly unique consortium. Over 8,000 Students 3,400 Faculty & Staff 546 Acres Join Us Commemorating 100 Years of Collaboration Visit the TCC100 Website The Claremont Colleges – A Unique Experience The Claremont Colleges are seven independent institutions that collaborate as a consortium. Prospective students apply to each campus of interest individually to be considered for admission. Students at The Claremont Colleges are enrolled at one institution but benefit from the consortium’s academic and extracurricular programs and services. Students enjoy the advantages of a small college with the resources of a large university. Explore our website and check out our TCC video to learn more about each of our seven institutions and life on campus! The Claremont Colleges Brochure The Claremont Colleges are located in the beautiful city of Claremont, California. Claremont, a suburban city 30 miles east of downtown Los Angeles, is nestled at the base of the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains. With a population of just 35,000, the quintessential college town of Claremont is known as the City of Trees and PhDs. At its center is the Village, a strollable downtown destination where café tables dot the sidewalks, and shops invite browsing on tree-lined streets. Street festivals, concerts in the park, movie nights and a weekly farmers market contribute to the city’s unique and welcoming environment. With the 2,000 acre Claremont Hills Wilderness Park and miles of dedicated trails and bike lanes as well as a Metrolink station in the Village that links riders to many popular Southern California destinations, Claremont is the place to be. Copyright  © The Claremont Colleges Phone: (909) 621-8000 | webmaster@claremont.edu Facebook Instagram Page load link