Online Testing & Quiz Maker - Create the best Quizzes ClassMarker Online quiz maker Log in Register
                                        free Forgot
                                        password? Stay logged in Home Take a Tour How ClassMarker works Creating exams Introduction Essentials Before the Test During the Test After the Test Advanced settings Giving exams Taking exams Exam results Creating surveys Certificates ClassMarker Monitor ClassMarker API Features Our customers Try our demo Tests Pricing FAQ Contact us Register free The Best Online Testing for Business & Education ClassMarker's secure, professional web-based Quiz maker is an easy-to-use,
                    customizable online
                    testing solution for business, training & educational assessments with Tests & Quizzes
                    graded instantly, saving
                    hours of paperwork! Try it free New AI Proctoring How to Create Online Tests 8 steps to create online tests: Register an account with ClassMarker: Select the Add new Test button Start creating your Questions Assign the Test to be taken Select the Test settings Distribute you test to your test takers using public or private options View results instantly from the Results section Analyze results The premium solution trusted by the world’s top organizations since 2006 About ClassMarker The Quiz Maker for Professionals Make your own quiz online for business & education Play video Create online exams effortlessly. Our short videos will teach you how to create and give online exams in
                    minutes. Try our demonstration exams Experience ClassMarker’s professional exam features Try demo exams When giving online exams, your Test takers will love how simple it is to take exams with
                    ClassMarker. Try demonstration exams . Introducing ClassMarker Monitor — AI-powered proctoring, built right in Turn on secure, automated proctoring with a single click — no downloads, no installs. Tab switching detection Mouse boundary restrictions Camera monitoring Face detection Require ID card Learn more about ClassMarker Monitor How ClassMarker works Create Add questions. Re-use Question banks. Randomize question & answer ordering. Creating exams
                                → Setup Private / public access. Allow changing answers. Set exam timers. Limit exam attempts. Exams
                                settings → Give exam Seamless on mobile, tablet, or desktop. Instant feedback for test takers. Exam Proctoring. Taking exams → Analyze results Instant grading and real-time results. Export results for offline analysis. Analyzing results → Certification Automatic certification when test takers finish. Set a required passmark to receive certificates. Custom certificates → Flexible, customizable, and secure ClassMarker's features are loved by businesses, trainers, and educators alike. Trustworthy: Secure &
                            private Easy: Create and give exams in minutes Control: Public or private
                            exam access. Question Banks: Create & categorise content Results: Automated
                            grading with
                            real-time stats Time
                                Limits: Multiple exam settings Randomize
                                questions: Each attempt different questions Reliable: Cloud-based online testing - zero software to install Affordable: Quiz software for all organizations Compliant: GDPR & CCPA compliant See all features Secure Online Quiz Maker Reliability is not an option, it’s a must-have feature. Our quiz maker platform ensures your
                            quizzes
                            run smoothly, with over 99% uptime and 24/7 monitoring. Your data is confidential, locked to your account, with the option to delete your data
                            anytime. ClassMarker is GDPR and CCPA-compliant, ensuring the privacy and security of your custom
                            online assessments and data. Contact us for a copy of our
                            Data Protection Agreement. Save Time: Create & Reuse From creating Multiple Choice Tests to full system integrations, ClassMarker allows
                            businesses, trainers, and teachers to create custom tests and quizzes
                            with the flexible features you need in a professional online exam creator. Customise your online exams with advanced
                                settings like time limits, public and private access,
                            randomized questions, instant feedback, certificates, surveys, and more. Explore our how-to videos and
                            step-by-step instructions. AI Exam Proctoring ClassMarker offers flexible features for all your online testing needs including AI Exam Proctoring .
                            ClassMarker is used for Professional development, pre-employment
                            assessments, online certifications, compliance tests, health & safety quizzes, transport
                            exams, mock tests, audience feedback and surveys, school and university exams, distance learning and more! From enterprise to  small business owners, HR professionals, trainers, and educators, ClassMarker’s
                            online exam maker opens up unlimited possibilities. Affordable Exam Maker At ClassMarker, we believe reliable assessments should be accessible to everyone.
                            Our flexible pricing offers Subscription plans and pay-as-you-go Credit
                                Packs , to suit your
                            needs to fit any budget. We offer discounts for educators and non-profits, ensuring everyone can access high-quality
                            online exams. Find the best online testing price for your organization today! Online Testing API & Webhooks Enhance productivity and create a seamless experience with ClassMarker's API and Webhooks: Embed exams directly into your LMS or CRM platform. Real-time test results sent via Email & Webhooks. Customize and manage your exam data. Get test results sent to your website in real-time, embed exams in WordPress, Google sites
                            and more. View our Developers
                                Documentation & Partner
                                Integrations . Industry Use Cases Learn how customers customize and integrate
                                exams ,
                            enhance recruitment ,
                            and improve performance with mock
                                exams and micro-tests.
                            Assign multiple administrator roles, create
                                surveys , and easily share results. Download the " ClassMarker
                                Essentials PDF ” to discover how you can transform your evaluations today!
                            Whether you're an educator or a business, our guide will give an overview of how to
                            supercharge your online tests. Join the thousands of professionals using ClassMarker around the world & start
                creating custom online exams today. How tests and questions work How to give tests Get results How to create
                exam How to give tests Get results Home About ClassMarker Register Contact Us Terms / Privacy Security User Manual Quiz Language Support Quiz Maker API information Partners / Clients Blog Site map Rated 4.4 out of
                                    5 Copyright © 2006 - 2025 / ClassMarker Pty Ltd. All rights
                        reserved Log in Stay logged in Forgot password? / Register free