Tes Class Charts | Classroom Management Software | Tes Skip to main content TES Blog Schools Awards Contact us Log in Select a language International schools UK edition Australia edition Open School software Student Success & Safeguarding Tes Class Charts Classroom management software Tes Provision Map SEND management software Tes Safeguarding Training Online safeguarding training software Tes MyConcern Safeguarding software for case management Tes Clarity Safeguarding reporting software for trusts School Operations & Activities Tes Timetable School timetable software Tes Parents' Meetings Parents’ meeting scheduling software for staff Tes Room Booking Resource and room booking software for schools Tes Clubs and Events Extracurricular management software for schools Tes Engage School management information system Staff Management & Finance Tes Staff Management Recruitment, wellbeing, and training software for schools Tes EduPay Payroll software designed for education Tes BPS Budget planning software for school finance teams Tes HR HR management software for schools and trusts Tes AssetWhere School asset management software Education jobs Tes Magazine Teaching resources Tes Institute School Portal Open Menu TES Close School software Open Student Success & Safeguarding Open Tes Class Charts Tes Provision Map Tes Safeguarding Training Tes MyConcern Tes Clarity School Operations & Activities Open Tes Timetable Tes Parents' Meetings Tes Room Booking Tes Clubs and Events Tes Engage Staff Management & Finance Open Tes Staff Management Tes EduPay Tes BPS Tes HR Tes AssetWhere Education jobs Tes Magazine Teaching resources Tes Institute School Portal Blog Schools Awards Contact us Log in Select a language International schools UK edition Australia edition Tes Class Charts Open Overview Features Open Attendance Behaviour management Communication Detentions Homework Seating plans Wellbeing Case studies Log in Open Teacher log in Parent log in Student log in Customer support Home School Solutions Class Charts overview Tes Class Charts Classroom Management Software Class Charts makes it easier for teachers to focus on what really matters – helping pupils succeed. With simple tools to give rewards, manage behaviour and optimise seating plans, we help schools create positive learning environments where everyone can thrive. Speak to sales Log in Image Improve student outcomes Want to know who the best influence is for a specific student in your class? Our intuitive seating plans can tell you. Read more Read more Reduce staff workload Don't ask the team to trawl through data - let our unique intelligence events feature do the heavy lifting. Read more Read more Enhance parent engagement Via our own app, parents can learn all the positives and negatives of their child's day no matter how big or small. Read more Read more Helping students to reach their full potential A simple tool with the capacity for extraordinary results, our classroom management software could mean you get back 10,000 more hours teaching time per year, across your school. Behaviour management Quickly track and report on student performance with our easy-to-use behaviour management tool. Monitor and motivate students with performance points in two easy clicks Provide instant reports for the whole school Customise achievements and behaviours to match in with your existing school policy Be ready for Ofsted and no-notice behaviour inspections Read more Image Seating plans Our software helps use data recorded to create optimised seating plans in seconds. You are able to instantly track a specific student's interactions with other pupils within the classroom and create seating plans based on the historical effect pupils have on each others behaviours, development and progress. Arrange students by ability in a couple of clicks to enhance peer-to-peer learning Print data-rich seating plans for lesson observations and inspections Use on multiple devices - whiteboards, laptops, iPads and phones Read more Image Intelligence events Tired of trawling through data? With our intelligence (intel) events feature, schools can get Class Charts to do the hard work. Want to know when a student has hit 100 reward points? We can tell you. Want to know when a detention should be given for negative behaviour? No problem. It's no wonder why this is the favourite of so many of our customers. Take the Two Clicks Challenge How much time does your school spend on behaviour management? What if you could access, log and manage student behaviours in just two clicks? With Tes Class Charts you can. Class Charts helps to reduce the amount of time teachers spend on behaviour management admin with smart software that makes the everyday easier. Find out more Image Scroll left Right left Homework Make it easy for teachers to set, share and effectively track homework and give parents and students visibility and transparency over homework requirements. Use reports to track homework submissions by pupils. Read more Read more Detentions Our detentions module offers a slick way for your school to manage detentions. Staff can quickly award detentions which can easily be tracked and administered, simplifying the whole process. Read more Read more Communications module Easily share important updates and student performance data with SLT and parents. Keep everyone informed and engaged with seamless communication. Read more Read more Attendance module Effortlessly track and manage morning and afternoon attendance. Generate reports, identify patterns, and ensure every student is accounted for with minimal effort. Read more Read more Wellbeing module Our in-depth wellbeing module highlights concerns, offers resources, and ensures students receive the support they need to thrive both academically and personally. Read more Read more MIS Integration Class Charts can interface with key MIS systems using writeback, or ask our team about integration via Wonde. Schools reclaim 10,000 hours of lost teaching time with Class Charts 18% of classroom teaching time is claimed back by reducing classroom disruption 96% of teachers save time managing or preparing seating plans 1.6 hours saved weekly that teachers normally lose to admin Tes staff's support and training were also invaluable, making the transition to Class Charts smooth and painless. Jake Heath , Assistant Headteacher Blessed Robert Sutton Catholic Voluntary Academy Onboarding students onto their app has unlocked the means to evoke curiosity, commitment, and perseverance from our students, who are very much motivated by independence, choice, and values. Maggie Bailey , CEO New Century Education I couldn’t imagine not using Class Charts on a daily basis as it really does make life so much easier. Micky Smith , Head of Year Archbishop Ilsley Catholic School All-in-one solution for classroom management Discover how our behaviour management software can help you manage your classrooms more effectively. Get your free copy of our brochure today! Download free brochure Image A single view - behaviour, attendance, SEND and safeguarding Integrate Class Charts with MyConcern and Provision Map to get one single view of each child. Image Provision Map Provision Map links seamlessly with Class Charts enabling you to view individual learning plans and create seating plans that provide the very best outcome for all students. Read more Read more Image MyConcern Support staff to easily record and monitor safeguarding concerns. Enabling early interventions by identifying trends and patterns and helping to inform decision-making with our case management system, MyConcern. Read more Read more Speak to sales FAQs What is Tes Class Charts? Class Charts is a comprehensive classroom management software and student behaviour tracking platform designed to streamline teacher workflows, enhance communication, and promote positive behaviour in schools. Can I customise seating arrangements in Class Charts? Absolutely! Class Charts allows you to create and customise seating arrangements according to your classroom layout. Explore the seating plan features for more details. What features does Class Charts offer for behaviour management? Class Charts provides a range of behaviour management features, including awarding points, setting behaviour expectations, and generating behaviour reports. Check the documentation for a complete list of behaviour management tools. How can parents access Class Charts to monitor their child's progress? Parents can access Class Charts by creating a separate parent account linked to their child. This account provides real-time updates on behaviour, achievements, and upcoming events. Back to top About Open Corporate Login Contact us FAQ Work for Tes Partnerships Legal terms and policies Jobs Open UK International Australia Primary / Elementary Secondary / High school Careers advice Recruitment services Magazine Open Store News Analysis Teaching & Learning Scotland Leadership Tes Explains Tes Magazine app Resources Open Early years Primary Secondary Whole school Special Educational Needs Resources blog Tes Institute Open Teacher training courses SKE for teachers Support for schools Advice Hub Open Blog Behaviour Inclusion Safeguarding SEND Ofsted Get into teaching Early career teachers Tes Live Lessons Products Open Tes Staff Management Tes Class Charts Tes Provision Map Tes Timetable Tes Parents' Meetings Tes Room Booking Tes Clubs and Events Tes Literacy Assessment Online Products Open Tes Safeguarding Training Tes MyConcern Tes Clarity Tes EduPay Tes BPS Tes HR Tes Engage Tes AssetWhere Knowledge base Copyright © 2025 This website and its content is subject to our General Terms of Business . Tes Global Ltd is registered in England (Company No 02017289) with its registered office at Building 3, St Paul’s Place, Norfolk Street, Sheffield, S1 2JE.