ClassPass
Search
Plans
How it works
Gifts

Work with us

Log in
Get started
Search top-rated studios, gyms, salons & spas worldwide!
Hi, we’re ClassPass!
Welcome to the one membership for all things fitness, wellness and beauty. Tell us where you’re located to follow along as we launch in new areas.
Keep me posted
Browse classes & appointments
Why ClassPass
No studio & salon limitations
Book at any studio, gym, salon, or spa you want, as many times as you want.
No stress
Get your workout in, a massage or even a mani/pedi with the same membership.
No commitments
Memberships are month-to-month and we make changing your plan easy.
How ClassPass works
Get credits
ClassPass trials and paid memberships include credits that you can use for booking a class or appointment.
Get out there
Download the ClassPass app to search for and book any class or appointment you want, any time you want—and invite friends to join!
Repeat
Keep up your routine by booking your favorites on repeat, or switch it up and try something new.
Company
About us
About Playlist
Why studio fitness
Gifts
Careers
Press
How credits work
Reviews
Corporate wellness
Our program
How it works
Refer your company
BeneFit blog
Resource center
Support
Contact us
Help center
Language
English (United States)
Partners
Partners
Earnings calculator
Integration API docs
After Class blog
Resource center
Community
Refer a friend
Become an affiliate
Blog
Activities
Popular studios
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Cookies & ads
Accessibility
Cookie Settings
This site uses cookies and similar technologies

This site uses cookies and similar tools, some of which are provided by third parties, to operate and improve our site, enable social media and other features, and support our advertising and marketing efforts, as well as to collect user data and browsing information and record user sessions and interactions with this site. We and these third parties use the information collected to analyze and improve performance, understand more about users and their interactions with our site and third-party sites and services, provide personalized experiences, and reach users with more relevant content and ads on this site and across third-party sites. By clicking 'OK', 'x', or continuing to use this site, you agree to the default cookie settings. You can review and change your preferences for certain cookies on our site, including opting out, by clicking "Cookie Preferences".

By clicking on any of buttons on this banner or continuing to use this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge the Privacy Policy.

OK
Cookie Preferences