Clear Broadband | Skymesh Residential Business Support My account Order now 1300 936 078 1300 759 637 1300 698 945 nbn® Plans Sky Muster® Plus Fixed Wireless nbn® Fibre Amazon Leo WiFi Routers Customer stories News Contact us Check address with Skymesh Check address with Skymesh nbn® Plans Sky Muster® Plus Fixed Wireless nbn® Fibre Amazon Leo WiFi Routers Customer stories News Contact us Support My account Order now 1300 936 078 Check address with Skymesh Current Address: View plans Change
                     address Clear Broadband is now part of Skymesh As a leading provider of regional and rural connectivity, Skymesh is dedicated to bringing you reliable internet service, award-winning plans, and exceptional customer support. Clear Support Speak to our friendly friendly team who are on hand 7-days a week, even public holidays, to help you. Call now 1300 936 078 Email Simply send us your questions or concerns, and we’ll respond as soon as possible. Email us My Clear The online platform where you can manage your Clear services and get support for your account. Online Account Have Questions? Frequently Asked Questions Will my current service change? Your plan, data limit, and speeds, will remain the same. Please note that your new billing date and price might be updated. Do I need to update my account information? If you’re using a Clear domain email, please provide a new email address, as we will not be migrating Clear’s email accounts or related infrastructure to Skymesh. Do I need to update my billing information? Not at this time. Your current billing details remain valid. Be aware that the payment methods at Skymesh might change. How do I contact support? You can continue to use the same support channels or get in touch with our Skymesh team using the contact details below. Phone Number: 1300 936 078 Email: [email protected] Do Skymesh legal policies now apply? Yes, Skymesh’s legal policies, including the General Terms, Privacy Policy, and Payment Assistance Policy, now apply to Clear Network. Experiencing Financial Hardship? If you’re having trouble paying your bill, the Payment Assistance Policy allows you to set up a payment plan that works for your situation. To apply, please visit Payment Assistance Policy for more information on available support options. Get support over email Complete the form below to reach our residential support team. Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. Let’s chat Have questions? Chat with our team. We are here to help and get back to you quickly. Sales & Support 1300 936 078 Head office Level 14, 1 Eagle Street Brisbane City QLD 4000 View on map Postal address PO Box 255, Fortitude Valley QLD 4006 New Customer? Call Skymesh today If you’re looking to get connected, enter your address below and Skymesh will help find the best internet option for you. For 20 years, we’ve helped Aussies stay connected wherever they call home. From the city to the bush, we deliver internet that goes beyond. Check your address See what’s available at your property Check address “ ” Why Skymesh We’re dedicated to helping Australians access better internet from the city to the bush. Australian Owed Speak to our friendly team of regional internet experts who are on hand 7-days a week, even public holidays, not an overseas call centre as with some providers. Unlimited data plans We offer unlimited data plans across all tech types anywhere in Australia. Do more of what you love without data limits and experience the freedom of unlimited data today. Free setup No hidden connection, setup, activation, establishment, upgrading, termination, or delivery fees. Your first service bill is just your monthly plan fee. No Lockin contracts Join Skymesh on 30-day no lock-in contract. If you aren’t happy with the service, you can cancel within the first 30 days without penalty. Talk to our friendly team to learn more. BYO wi-fi router friendly Bring your own nbn® compatible router or buy a Skymesh plug-n-play router for just $199.99 with FREE shipping. Please note, BYO support is limited and you will need to be comfortable configuring your router. 20 years regional experience We’ve helped rural Australians access a better internet connection for well over a decade. From building our own wireless networks to helping nbn® commission the latest satellite service. Satisfaction Guarantee Terms Apply Join today risk-free with our 30-day satisfaction guarantee. Talk to our team today to learn more and get connected. Check address with Skymesh 600+ 5 Star reviews What a few of our happy customers think Exceptional service for 17 years Skymesh has always given exceptional service, always happy to fix any problems. Terri-Jane , Reviewed July, 2025 Prompt, Efficient and Friendly I changed from Starlink to Skymesh, and I haven’t stopped smiling. I can speak to a friendly, helpful human when I have a query. Angela , Reviewed July, 2025 Highly recommend making the switch The entire process from sign-up to installation was smooth and hassle-free. Loving the speeds that we are getting Trev J , Reviewed Mar, 2025 Excellent service I’ve used Sky Muster for years, no fuss, no bother, It just works as it should. Martin Sullivan , Reviewed Apr, 2025 Excellent assistance I was pleasently surprised by the helpful and cheery assistance I received yesterday. Olivia , Reviewed Jan, 2025 Amazing tech assistance This guy was so patient with me and explained everything so well. Thanks so much. Janine D , Reviewed Dec, 2024 Check your address See what’s available at your property Check address “ ” Skymesh About Blog Reviews Careers Residential nbn® Plans Optional Extras Customer stories Support Remote Support Business Starlink OneWeb nbn® BSS Support Plans Partner Program Get in touch Contact us 1300 759 637 1300 698 945 Legal General Terms Skymesh Connect Customer Terms Privacy Policy Payment Assistance Policy Skymesh Connect Privacy Policy Schedule of Fees Complaints Handling Policy Online Safety Code Manual Webmail Domestic Violence Support Satisfaction Guarantee Site Map Router Return Policy About Skymesh © Skymesh, 2005-2026. All Rights Reserved. © Skymesh, 2005-2026. All Rights Reserved. Actual speeds Data speeds for the Service are variable and are suitable for basic Internet connectivity. The actual speed you will experience at any given time will vary depending on various factors including network (signal, proximity, line of sight or congestion), location (modem placement, distance from the wireless tower, geography, obstructions), weather, hardware and software. Your speed will typically be less than the limits imposed by the wholesale network. When we have enough reliable data, we will publish typical busy-period speeds. Speeds may differ from third-party mobile access services on the same network. Close Check your address See what’s available at your property Check
                                address