Clearwave Fiber | 100% Fiber Internet for Home & Business Skip to Main Content Account Login Check Address for New Service Residential Business Our Services FAQs Testimonials Voice Product Training Product User Guides Properties Multi-Dwelling Units (MDU) Multi-Tenant Units (MTU) About About us Construction Learn More About Fiber News Support Support Center Contact Us Login Check Address Residential Business Our Services FAQs Testimonials Voice Product Training Product User Guides Properties Multi-Dwelling Units (MDU) Multi-Tenant Units (MTU) About About Us Construction Learn More About Fiber News Support Support Center Contact Us Account Login Check Address Sign up online to receive a FREE $250 prepaid gift card — available exclusively to residential customers! Watch, Work and Unwind with 100% Fiber Internet Reward yourself with a connection you can count on. You’ve earned it. For Home Shop Online Speak to a Sales Agent: 866-404-3751 For Business View Plans Surf. Stream. Play. With 100% Fiber-to-the-home Internet service from Clearwave Fiber you can enjoy the fastest upload and download speeds available. Superior Bandwidth Premium Reliability No Data Caps No Contracts Internet Built to Scale 100% Fiber Internet that provides the reliability and secure connectivity your business needs now, and into the future. Business Class or Dedicated Service 99.9% Network Uptime No Data Caps or extra usage charges 24-Hour Local Tech Support Our Expanding Network Clearwave Fiber already serves thousands of homes and businesses with superior Fiber Internet services, and we’re just getting started. We’re on a mission, investing millions in order to bring Fiber speed and reliability to more than 500,000 locations. See a list of cities we serve here. Experience Fiber Internet in your home for as little as $34.99/month Call Now See More Plans & Pricing Hear it from Our Customers Don’t just take our word for it— Hear what other Clearwave Fiber customers have to say about their Fiber Internet experience. Having Clearwave Fiber installed as my internet service was one of the best decisions I have ever made. I have no regrets NONE and I tell everyone I know how great Clearwave is. Everyone is waiting patiently for it to be EVERYWHERE. GREAT value and even greater service!! Fantastic internet. Fast and reliable. I have really enjoyed Clearwave Fiber. Setting up the appointment was quick and easy. The installation was quick and easy. Highly recommended. This internet service is the greatest I have experienced. I no longer experience buffering with my service. I have 3 tvs, a computer, video game, iPad, & 3 phones running on my service. The speed is incredibly fast for all devices even when all are in use. Read More Reviews We take your Fiber Internet experience seriously. We’re dedicated to delivering the finest fiber-optic technology, installed and serviced by folks who live and work in your community, at a straightforward, no-surprises price. We won’t settle for less. You shouldn’t either. Get Fiber Internet Get Fiber Internet Check Address Residential Business Multi-Dwelling Units Multi-Tenant Units Why Clearwave Fiber Learn More Learn More Clearwave Fiber App C-Fi Router Service Assurance Streaming Support Support Account login Contact us FAQs Network Status Support Center Video Resources About us About us About Blog Careers Cities we serve Construction News © Clearwave Fiber LLC. All rights reserved. Legal . Menu