CleanMyMac: The first MacBook cleaner that does it all Blog FAQ Try 7 Days Free Buy Now FAQ Blog Try 7 Days Free Buy Now CleanMyMac A Mac cleaner? A Mac saver. Try the easiest tool to keep your Mac flawless. Free up a ton of space, block malware, and say goodbye to lag. Keep your Mac ready for anything with CleanMyMac. Try 7 Days Free Buy Now - day money back guarantee Notarized by Apple 29 million downloads 4.9 rating 758 "Excellent" reviews Years of Mac expertise (2008-2025) iF Design Award 360° Mac optimization Average monthly results with CleanMyMac Junk cleaned 35M GBs Threats removed 328K Speed improvements 9.8M Clean up your Mac, getting space back Crush the biggest chunk of unneeded system files, hidden clutter, broken downloads and 20 more types of junk. Get the extra space for the things that matter. Try 7 Days Free Speed up your Mac like it’s brand-new Disable unnecessary background applications and apps that open automatically on system launch. Don’t let performance drops slow your productivity down. Manage apps seamlessly A single hub for full application management. Remove apps, along with their leftovers, and stay on top of every crucial update. Remove malware before it’s too late Detect 99% of malicious software with our proprietary anti-malware engine. Run a Quick, Normal, or a Deep level scan to keep tabs on your privacy and control application permissions easily. Get a free trial and try all 25+ tools Start Your Free Trial Clear cloud storage Paying for cloud storage you barely use? Cloud Cleanup shows what’s filling up your cloud accounts, letting you free up room in just a few taps. Find duplicate files and sort them out Delete duplicates that are eating up precious space. Detect tons of similar images and sort through downloaded files, taking care of them just the way you want. Visualize Mac hard drive Build an interactive map of your entire drive and view folders sorted by size. Let Space Lens find the biggest chunks of clutter, so you can tidy up with ease. These Mac users think it rocks Smooth performance! Just tried the app, and it's working really well. The design setup looks very elegant and runs really smoothly! Andrew Walker The interface is fantastic. Just tried the app and wow! Really impressed with its performance and fantastic interface. Madeleine Pleasants Impressed with the speed. Opened the app and was impressed with its speed! Love the icon to start the scan, looks very clean. Bryan and his cat Pippa Stunning design & deep cleaning tools Amazing job! The app looks really elegant and the layout is delightful. Love the comprehensive cleaning button and deep cleaning tools, especially for binary files on the Mac. Daniel Wait, what about... Is this paid software? Yes, but there is a free version to test out all of the features. And there is a 30-day money-back guarantee. Is CleanMyMac safe to use? CleanMyMac is notarized by Apple as a malware-free application. It deletes only those files that are 100% safe for removal. How does it work? We recommend you to start with a Smart Care scan. It performs 5 core actions, letting you deal with issues like junk pile-up or malware threats in a click. You can further explore separate modules to run diverse Mac optimization tasks per your needs. Ok, I’m in. Where do I start? Get your free CleanMyMac trial here . Download the app, open the .DMG file from your Downloads to install the app, then drag CleanMyMac to your Applications and launch it. You do you, while CleanMyMac keeps your Mac rock-solid. Buy Now Try 7 Days Free System Requirements: macOS 11.0+, 320 MB Min. display size: 1200x800 px All versions rating: 4.9* Pricing: Starting at $3.35/month Latest version: 5.3.0, 17 December 2025 *4.9 - rating for all versions, based on 539 user reviews. Welcome to the first Mac care newsletter you’ll love Sharing exclusive offers and spreading some Mac wisdom along the way. I'm in! You can unsubscribe anytime. For more details, see our privacy policy. Thanks for signing up! You’re almost done. Now, please check your email. Oops! Something went wrong! Please try again later. Follow us Copyright © 2025 MacPaw Way Ltd. Cookie Policy Refund Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Uninstall Follow us English English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Nynorsk Polski Português do Brasil Svenska Українська 繁體中文 한국어 English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Nynorsk Polski Português do Brasil Svenska Українська 繁體中文 한국어