Skip to content
 Apply
 Giving
 News
RESOURCES FOR
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Parents
Alumni
ACADEMICS
ADMISSIONS
CAMPUS LIFE
RESEARCH
ABOUT CLEMSON
SEARCH
FIND YOUR
PURPOSE
AT CLEMSON

At Clemson, we believe in the value of hard work, and we pursue that work tirelessly. We believe that our collective calling as a University is to change lives, change perception and, through our work, to change the world.

APPLY FOR ADMISSION DEGREE PROGRAMS
TURNING THOUGHT INTO ACTION
 
Transforming Our World

As a Lyceum Scholar, Claire Woynerowski ’26 expanded her worldview and discovered the power of inquiry. Through thoughtful discussions with professors and by harnessing critical-thinking skills as an economics major, she has laid the foundation to pursue further study in constitutional law.

See Claire’s Lyceum Experience
 
For Animals, For People

Dr. Lisa Ebner is among those who will guide the next generation of South Carolina veterinarians through the state’s first college of veterinary medicine. For Ebner, the mission and impact go beyond delivering animal care, extending to supporting farmers, helping families and safeguarding public health.

A Legacy of Generosity

For decades, Don Quattlebaum and his family have been committed to strengthening the future of Clemson University. This drive to create lasting opportunities for others has manifested in gifts that champion education, student life, conservation and, most recently, the Harvey S. Peeler Jr. College of Veterinary Medicine.

FIERCELY FOR SOUTH CAROLINA

Clemson Tigers collaborate to deliver transformative solutions that move South Carolina forward. Our commitment to tackling real-world problems propels us toward discoveries that strengthen our communities and build a more resilient future across the state.

SERVING OUR STATE CLEMSON EXTENSION
ACHIEVE ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE

A Carnegie R1 public research institution, Clemson University is where purpose-driven students, faculty and staff collaborate on projects that impact our state, country and world. Across more than 80 undergraduate majors and 130 graduate degree programs, artists, scientists, authors and engineers begin the work that will define their careers and our culture. Discover the many paths ready for pursuit at Clemson.




UNDERGRADUATE MAJORS GRADUATE PROGRAMS
SEARCH
Join the Clemson Family

No one leaves Clemson a stranger to success. Come meet our vibrant community of dedicated students, faculty and staff. Once you walk through campus and listen to the carillon play, you’ll understand why Clemson alumni hear the bells and feel like they’re being called home.

Visit Clemson Apply for Admission
Campus Life Cost and Aid
CLEMSON IN ACTION
Upcoming Campus Events
Dec
29th
Points of Connection Art Exhibition

Cooper Library - 4th Floor Exhibit available during normal operating hours.  This exhibition showcases a collection of photographs on loan to…

ALL DAY  Cooper Library
Dec
29th
Moment of Joy Art Exhibition

Open during Gunnin Library operating hours. In our busy campus lives, daily stress levels can become overwhelming through competing priorities and …

ALL DAY  Lee Hall - Gunnin Library
Dec
29th
Winter Break Puzzle and Book Swap

The Learning Commons will host its monthly Puzzle and Book swap for a few weeks to give you opportunities to make a couple of swaps this holiday seaso…

ALL DAY  Cooper Library
see more events
University News
Joseph Ryan named recipient of the Class of ’39 Award for Excellence

The founder and executive director of the ClemsonLIFE, Ryan has transformed lives across the globe through his service, research and advocacy.

December 7, 2025
Clemson named a Best College for Future Leaders by Time magazine

Clemson University has been named one of Time magazine’s Best Colleges for Future Leaders 2026, a recognition based on an analysis of approximately 4,900 of the most influential U.S. leaders across business, government, academia and society.

November 20, 2025
see more stories
CLEMSON
ATHLETICS
Explore Upcoming Games
Policy
Accessibility
Title IX
Non-Discrimination & Anti-Harassment Policy
Ethics/Safety Hotline
Privacy Statement
Copyright © 2025
Clemson University • Clemson, South Carolina 29634
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter/X
Linkedin
Youtube
Architectural drawings © 2020 James Barker. All rights reserved.
Resources
A-Z Index
Campus Map
CU Safety
Directory
Webcams
Apply to Clemson