Clerk.io | Cookieless Personalization Without Limitations FREE GUIDE Increase your Average Order Value with AI Download now Support Sign In Products Products Search Enhance your customers’ shopping experience and boost conversions Recommendations Personalized product suggestions to drive customer engagement and increased revenue Chat World's first generative and predictive AI-powered chatbot Audience Segment your audience and create tailored campaigns Email Data driven and intelligent emails on auto-pilot! Craft personalized and captivating campaigns Platform Platform overview Explore the power and value of our unified platform Integration process Your implementation choices and how it works Platform integrations An overview of all the platforms we integrate with Service plans Choose the right level of guidance to help grow your business with Clerk.io. Pricing Customers Customer stories Learn how web stores like yours are boosting sales—and how you can too Verticals and impact Explore our individual focus industries and the impact we have had on our customers Reviews Don't just take our word for it, discover what our wonderful customers say about us Company About us Explore our individual focus industries and the impact we have had on our customers Career If you're looking for a challenging and rewarding workplace, then Clerk is the place to go. Become a partner Join our partner network or explore the different types of partnership programs Learn Blog Read articles on customer stories, e-commerce trends, and best practices Product updates Stay updated on the latest Clerk.io features and improvements Webinars Watch expert-led sessions packed with tips, trends, and proven e-commerce tactics Knowledge center Explore in-depth guides to master Clerk.io’s AI tools step by step E-books Download free e-commerce guides to grow your business Video library Browse short videos on Clerk.io tools, tips, and smart features Request a demo Menu Close Book a demo The easiest way to grow your bottom line in e-commerce Clerk.io connects your customers with your products, boosting your bottom line. Our AI modular platform has multiple tools that help you make more money, make your customers happy, and save time. Request a demo Explore our tools Trusted by 2.5k+ e-commerce leaders Put your profits on autopilot One integration, multiple tools. Increase your sales with less effort using our modular AI platform. It shares customer data across our tools, delivering a personalized shopping experience at every stage of the customer journey. Make your customers happy Our AI platform improves the shopping experience. Give your customers better search results, helpful customer support 24/7, product recommendations they love, and e-mails they actually want to open. “Clerk has transformed our online experience. The advanced search and personalized recommendations have not only increased our sales but also enriched the overall customer journey” Massimo Lasorsa E-commerce Manager, Dudubags Our AI tools help you easily grow your bottom line Search Recommendations Chat Audience Email Search Convert more with better Search results Help your customers easily find the products they are looking for with better search results. Our AI search engine uses keywords, sales data, customer behavior, and product availability to show your customers products they love. This is the default text value "Switching to Clerk.io immediately raised our conversions from onsite search. Great service and Clerk.io has become an integrated part of our business." Jesper Hvejsel, Group CEO, Firtal Group Explore Search Recommendations Make upselling easy with relevant Recommendations Sell more with AI personalized recommendations that grab your customers' attention. Increase your basket sizes by recommending your customers’ popular items and product alternatives they love. This is the default text value "Clerk.io has been one of our most important partners as they today really affect half of all our orders, which is pretty amazing. Their product recommendations raise our average basket size by now 22% !" Daniel Johannesen, Owner, Watery.dk Explore Recommendations Chat Improve customer support with our AI sales assistant Save time and keep your customers happy with Chat. Unlike other AI chatbots, our Chat is built for e-commerce. It helps your customers 24/7 and takes work off your support team. This is the default text value "We have so far increased our basket size and average order value . What's not to like :-)" Nicolaj, TeeShoppen Explore Chat Audience Find more good customers for better ROAS Make the most of your marketing efforts with our easy-to-use AI Audience segmentation tool. It helps you match the right products to the right customers and reach new customers interested in buying your products. This is the default text value "Our favourite is their audience feature, which gives an in-depth knowledge of our customers journey and what we can do to target them." Mason K Explore Audience Email Send emails that make your customers buy Easily boost sales with smart email marketing campaigns. Our AI Email tool sends your customers personalized product recommendations at the right time and only includes in-stock items. This is the default text value "We A/B-tested between our own manually selected products and Clerk's automated email recommendations. Clerk showed a 32% higher click-through rate! " Nils Træholt, Director, Med24 Explore Email NEW! Predictive AI Revenue Calculator Enter your store's traffic, orders, and order value to instantly see how much extra revenue Clerk.io's Predictive Al technology could generate for you. Calculate now Not like the rest The AI platform that works while you sleep One integration, multiple tools Our AI modular platform covers all your e-commerce needs. Make the most of our platform using all our tools: Search, Recommendations, Audience, Email, and Chat. Completely cookieless We prioritize user privacy. Our AI platform doesn’t use cookies nor store your customers’ data. This ensures you are GDPR compliant and helps you build customer trust. ‍ Works out-of-the-box Our AI platform works instantly without needing a learning period. You will see immediate results as it leverages prior buyer history and advanced AI algorithms to optimize your webstore. “Clerk.io has transformed our online experience. The advanced search and personalized recommendations have not only increased our sales but also enriched the overall customer journey.” Massimo Lasorsa E-commerce Manager, Dudubags More than just a tool The results speak for themselves 35.4 % Increase in order value 1.23 Extra products 11.7 % More subscribers 9.3 x More likely to convert Real averages across all e-commerce stores using Clerk.io vs. those that didn't in the same quarter. Super easy to integrate Clerk.io connects with more than 15 e-commerce providers. You can easily integrate our AI platform yourself or with the help of our team. Can't find your provider on this list? No worries, you can still integrate our AI platform via our open API. Explore integrations TESTIMONIALS Don't just take our word This is what our customers have to say about us. Clerk.io has transformed our online experience. The advanced search and personalized recommendations have not only increased our sales but also enriched the overall customer journey. Massimo Lasorsa ‍ E-commerce Manager, Dudubags Once we implemented the functions it has worked from day one, strengthening our branding and market reach to see growth rates ranging from 70% to 100% year on year. Jimmy Håkansson ‍ CEO, Gallerix The biggest profit booster is the higher conversion rate. Ultimately, that's what it's all about. Fabian Matthee ‍ Project Manager, Soccerfanshop The benefits since implementing Clerk.io have been numerous. It saves manual time through automation and everything is much more dynamic now. Anders Jonsson ‍ E-Commerce Manager, Eva Solo Name Email Address Company name (optional) Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Name Email Address Company name (optional) Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Name Email Address Company name (optional) Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. FREE GUIDE How to Increase Your Average Order Value with AI Learn how to leverage Predictive AI technology to boost revenue through upselling and cross-selling. You will learn: How to steal Amazon's 1998 upsell tactic that drives 35% of their revenue! How to reduce bounce rates by 12% by showing product alternatives above the fold How brands like Carlsberg, Hairlust, Eva Solo and more are seeing uplifts like 125% in AOV and 3X in conversion rates Download for free FREE GUIDE Clerk.io's Search Help your customers find exactly what they're looking for Learn how to offset customer acquisition costs by retaining your customers Improve the search experience to increase your revenue and conversion rates Discover Clerk.io's brand new and incredibly powerful Search product features Download for free FREE GUIDE Audience segmentation strategies Key strategies for effective marketing campaigns Learn the common pitfalls to avoid in audience segmentation Unlock segmentation strategies and how to optimize your marketing spend Discover Clerk.io's Audience segmentation tool and the unique features it offers e-commerce businesses Download for free Stay up to date with news and industry trends. Sign up for our newsletter clerk.io needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our Privacy Policy . Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Products Search Recommendations Chat Audience Email Pricing Platform Platform Overview Customer Data Platform Customer Analytics Merchandising AI Technology Integrations Product Updates Support Help Center Developer Docs Frontend UI Kit API Reference System Status Compare Algolia alternative Boost Commerce alternative Connectif alternative Doofinder alternative Emarsys alternative Hello Retail alternative Klevu alternative Nosto alternative Salesfire alternative Shopify alternative Company About Us Career Hiring Customers Partners Contact (+45) 70 555 100 support@clerk.io Mon-Thu: 09:00-17:00 CET Fri: 09:00-16:30 CET BLOG How Upselling Impacts AOV The Hidden Conversion Engine for E-commerce How to Increase Basket Size in Retail WEBINARS 🇩🇰 5 måde at bruge AI til profit 🇮🇹 Personal Shopper 24/7 con AI Chat How to Sell Like Amazon EBOOKS 🇩🇰 Bliv ekspert i e-handel 🇮🇹 Master E-Commerce di successo 29+ Use Cases of Clerk.io Audience Segmentation PRODUCT UPDATES Partial Overlay for Omnisearch Standard Designs for Search & Recommendations A Smarter Developer Logs Experience KNOWLEDGE BASE Search Recommentations Chat VIDEO LIBRARY 3 Tricks for E-commerce Profitability Turn Every Click Into Revenue How Clerk.io Makes Search Effortless © 2025 Trust center Terms Data Processing Privacy GDPR Clerk.io ApS   |   Kigkurren 8g, 2300 Copenhagen, Denmark   |   VAT: DK33952848