Cleveland OH Local News, Breaking News, Sports & Weather Set weather Back To Main Menu Close Quick Look - Change your current location » Current - Mostly Sunny Tonight Low - Mostly Sunny Tomorrow High - Mostly Sunny View full weather report Top Stories News Sports Life News Stories News Owners of Rainbow Terrace deny building conditions caused fatal explosion in Cleveland The owners of Cleveland’s Rainbow Terrace Apartments say conditions inside the building did not cause the explosion, even as Cleveland fire officials ... 17h ago Sean McDonnell Opinion As we begin 2026, remember - time waits for nobody, especially in our frantic era: editorial News Cuyahoga County took steps to avoid Trump’s ire. This Councilman wants to reverse them when Trump leaves Cuyahoga County Council member Pernel Jones is calling for departments to eventually walk back any changes they made to contracts or policies after ... 20h ago Kaitlin Durbin Cavaliers How Jarrett Allen’s impact reveals both the strengths and dilemmas of the Cavs’ Core Four On the latest Wine and Gold Talk podcast, Chris Fedor and Ethan Sands break down the paradox of Jarrett Allen: a player whose on-court impact is ... 3h ago Wine and Gold Talk Podcast Jim Schwartz wants another shot at being a head coach; Should the Browns give it to him? Remembering the Bengals’ last game against Deion Sanders before their first showdown with Browns quarterback Shedeur Sanders: Roundup Everything Ohio State coach Ryan Day said about Miami, quarterback Julian Sayin and more at Cotton Bowl press conference Five New Year’s resolutions for Guardians fans in 2026: José Ramírez’s leadership, Steven Kwan’s future and prospects on the horizon High School Sports Who is Northeast Ohio’s best sophomore girls basketball player? Our picks, your votes (poll) Who is the best high school girls basketball player in the Class of 2028 in Northeast Ohio this season? We are turning to you to find out. 3h ago Sports Staff Wadsworth girls basketball’s 11-0 start features a secret weapon that reaches beyond the court Cleveland.com boys basketball Top 25: Play By Play Classic tips off 2026 on Sunday in Euclid Shopping Lego is having its biggest sale of the year with 55 sets marked down up to 50% Popular Lego puzzles and sets with Sonic and Peppa Pig are seeing discounts of up to 50% off original prices. 11h ago Ashley Palya Kate Spade Outlet slashes price on adorable leather shoulder bag by nearly $300 Michael Kors Outlet has over 300 bags on sale starting at just $44 Entertainment Here are the top 10 selling Ohio bobbleheads for 2025 The list – which comes from the National Bobblehead Hall of Fame and Museum – has a big surprise on it: No Cleveland teams. Marc Bona A year of swings: Cold snaps, heat waves and dry spells defined Cleveland’s 2025 weather Ohio’s ‘wild west’ intoxicating hemp industry: 2025 was the year of regulations Top 10 Geauga County stories since cleveland.com launched the beat Chagrin Falls to ring in New Year with ‘Miss Sally’ popcorn ball drop Latest 23m From America 250 to the NFL Draft: Where to travel in 2026, close to Cleveland 46m Celebrity deaths 2025: Looking back at famous people we lost this year 2h Ohio cannabis group begins effort to undo DeWine’s regulations: The Wake Up for Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025 3h Ohio State Buckeyes snow globe bobblehead available for pre-order 9h Mega Millions numbers for Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025; jackpot $138 million 10h Officer who shot Tamir Rice no longer working for West Virginia agencies 17h Elyria to add 100 police cameras under new 10-year agreement 18h Ohio minimum wage rising to $11 on Jan. 1: What workers need to know Today in Ohio Ohio elected officials rolled out the red carpet for data centers, and we’re paying for it in spiking electric bills Listen now Cavaliers What the Cavs learned by sitting Lonzo Ball — and why Craig Porter Jr. should keep getting rewarded 2h ago Wine and Gold Talk Podcast Browns Jim Schwartz eyes second head coaching shot as Browns face tough decision 1h ago Orange and Brown Talk Podcast Sports Ohio State football vs. Miami: Game-Time Decisions for the Buckeyes in the Cotton Bowl 2h ago Stephen Means News Community News Police investigate relationship between student and female teacher: University Hts. University Heights police were assistted by Ohio Highway Patrol troopers in arresting a man who wanted on a warrant and who was stopped while driving ... 6h ago Jeff Piorkowski Community News Friends of Notre Dame College talk about plans to try and reopen South Euclid campus, need for donations 2h ago Jeff Piorkowski Community News Wife suspects soon-to-be-ex-husband responsible for vehicle tracking device: Broadview Heights Police Blotter 54m ago John Benson Community News Parma driver tells officer, ‘I’m drunk, man, I’m drunk’: Brecksville Police Blotter 55m ago John Benson Community News Man selling iPhone fends off wannabee thief: Brooklyn Police Blotter 54m ago John Benson Community News North Olmsted moving forward with new council of government dispatch center 38m ago John Benson Community News Beck Center for the Arts presents Rust Belt Photo Collective exhibition 36m ago John Benson Community News Parma Heights mayor offers update on various union negotiations 44m ago John Benson Community News Large groups of juveniles cause disturbances at Highland Heights businesses after being sent away from Sky Zone 14h ago Andy Attina Business Marriott hotel in Valor Acres reduced from six to five floors 15h ago Bob Sandrick Community News Fairview Park sixth-grader promotes kindness in the community 40m ago John Benson News End nears for a piece of Cleveland’s bridge history after nearly a century Rich Exner Community News Officers respond to home after man sends friend grisly messages: Highland Heights Police Blotter 14h ago Andy Attina News Lake effect snow and bitter cold to grip Northeast Ohio through Thursday 23h ago Sean McDonnell News Daisy Ridley holds onto hope in the zombie thriller ‘We Bury the Dead’ 4h ago Associated Press News 19-year-old believed to be youngest elected official in Lorain County history takes oath of office 21h ago Hannah Drown Community News Drunken man arrested after yelling at Giant Eagle staff and his own daughter: Mayfield Heights Police Blotter 14h ago Andy Attina Sports Sports Two New Year’s Eve bowl games paint a picture of the Ohio State-Michigan rivalry and where it’s headed: Stephen Means Despite Michigan's 4-1 record against the Buckeyes since 2020, Ohio State is closing out the calendar year with championship aspirations, while the ... 2h ago Stephen Means Cavaliers Cavs vs. Suns: preview, odds, injury report, TV 3h ago Ethan Sands Cavaliers Is Jaylon Tyson more playoff-ready than Evan Mobley and Darius Garland? 3h ago Wine and Gold Talk Podcast Ohio State Why South Florida is believing in ‘The U’ again, and what it takes for Ohio State and other programs to bring recruits north 3h ago Andrew Gillis Sports Miami vs. Ohio State, who will win? Crowquill 3h ago Ted Crow, Special to cleveland.com Cavaliers Has Craig Porter Jr. played his way past Lonzo Ball in the Cavs’ rotation? Wine and Gold Talk podcast 3h ago Wine and Gold Talk Podcast Ohio State Brian Hartline’s exit reveals a harsh truth about modern college football: Stephen Means Stephen Means Browns Here are some facts on Kevin Stefanski: What is your opinion of the Browns coach? – Terry Pluto Terry Pluto Browns The Shedeur Sanders gamble: Browns front office facing franchise-defining QB decision Orange and Brown Talk Podcast Ohio State Why Ohio State turned to a freshman tight end to play fullback Andrew Gillis Browns The answer on Shedeur Sanders through six games isn’t an answer at all: 10 Tuesday takes Dan Labbe Cavaliers The Cavs’ most complicated bet: Darius Garland, Jarrett Allen and a ticking clock 19h ago Ethan Sands Cavaliers Cavs heed Kenny Atkinson’s message and a bold lineup change pays off: Chris Fedor’s Observations Chris Fedor Browns ‘They don’t pay us for the good times’: Jim Schwartz still aspires to the top — and his Browns defense shows why Ashley Bastock Browns Is Tommy Rees the Browns’ secret head coaching candidate? 23h ago Orange and Brown Talk Podcast Ohio State Ryan Day has kept his promise to Ohio State football; he’s now chasing another national title — and a legend Stefan Krajisnik Ohio State Watch Ohio State’s hype video for Cotton Bowl quarterfinal vs. Miami 17h ago Andrew Gillis Life TV Streaming How to watch Ohio State football vs. Miami FREE STREAM today | Cotton Bowl CFP Quarterfinal The defending national champion and second-seeded Ohio State Buckeyes clash with the No. 10 Miami Hurricanes at the Cotton Bowl in the College ... 2h ago Robert Fenbers Advice Dear Abby: A parent’s escape plan puts pressure on newlyweds 15h ago Abigail Van Buren Advice Asking Eric: My brother-in-law and his wife have gone no-contact with us R. Eric Thomas Entertainment Today’s famous birthdays list for December 31, 2025 includes celebrities Psy, Hunter Schafer 3h ago Mike Rose Advice Asking Eric: My employer snubbed me on a retirement gift R. Eric Thomas Advice Today’s daily horoscope for December 31, 2025: Give yourself a chance to calibrate 8h ago Eugenia Last Advice Asking Eric: My sister didn’t want to spend the holidays with us after her husband died 18h ago R. Eric Thomas Advice Asking Eric: I want to make social connections, but my health issues complicate things 22h ago R. Eric Thomas Advice Dear Abby: Shared finances feel less shared as health bills pile up Abigail Van Buren Advice Asking Eric: How do we cut off our financially dependent daughter? R. Eric Thomas Advice Miss Manners: Is it really bad luck to toast with water? 5h ago Judith Martin Advice Asking Eric: My son’s girlfriend doesn’t want to spend the holidays with us R. Eric Thomas Entertainment Abandoned microwave on South Euclid bench ‘captured essence’ of Cleveland holiday spirit Alex Darus Advice Dear Annie: In 2026, choose habits that make your days easier 8h ago Dear Annie Advice Asking Eric: I’m struggling to re-connect with old friends R. Eric Thomas Advice Dear Annie: I’m failing at life while everyone else seems to be passing with honors Dear Annie Entertainment Today’s famous birthdays list for December 30, 2025 includes celebrities Tiger Woods, Eliza Dushku Mike Rose Footer Navigation About Us Advertise with us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Contact Us Career Opportunities Delivery Opportunities Audience FAQ Accessibility Statement Subscriptions cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Newsletters Sun News Already a Subscriber Make a Payment Manage your Subscription Place a Vacation Hold Delivery Feedback Cleveland.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Living Betting Rentals Obituaries Jobs Deals in Your Area Classifieds Autos Real Estate Mobile Mobile Apps Your Regional News Pages Lakewood Beachwood Brunswick Strongsville Parma & Parma Heights More Communities More on Cleveland.com Sponsor Content Sell your car Post a job Sitemap & search Post a classified ad Sell/rent your home Videos Newspapers.com Archive Follow Us Twitter Pinterest Facebook Instagram RSS Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policy | User Agreement | Ad Choices Disclaimer Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement , (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy , and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 10/1/2025). © 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved ( About Us ). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here . Ad Choices