Clever Apps is a global HTML5 game studio
trusted by major platforms

We design, develop, and operate high-quality instant games that run frictionlessly across all major browsers, devices, and distribution ecosystems. Our mission is to create lightweight, scalable, and commercially successful games that anyone can play instantly.

Over the past decade, Clever Apps has shipped and continuously evolved dozens of titles across the world’s leading platforms. Today, our games are published on Facebook Instant Games, YouTube Playables, TikTok Minis, MSN, Microsoft Store, Discord, Samsung Instant Plays, Google Play, the App Store, Azerion, CrazyGames, GameSnacks, Amazon Appstore, and many more.

As the HTML5 ecosystem expands, new platforms consistently invite Clever Apps to bring our games to their emerging services, thanks to our proven track record in performance, scalability, and cross-platform compliance.

Our main focus today is building strong partnerships with the next generation of instant-play platforms, helping them launch, grow, and scale high-quality HTML5 content worldwide.

We also collaborate with platforms, publishers, and major gaming companies to:
• bring existing mobile hits to HTML5
• adapt well-known IPs for instant-play ecosystems
• develop new games optimized for browser-first and social audiences

Clever Apps is at the forefront of this fast-growing industry. For developers who want to create high-quality HTML5 casual games for a global audience, Clever Apps offers the ideal environment to learn, innovate, and build at scale.

If you’re looking for a trusted studio to bring your IP or brand to web-native gaming, we’d love to collaborate — from concept to live operations.

Clever Apps makes games for everywhere the web goes next.
Biggest projects

Mergest Kingdom

Start playing and build your own Kingdom!

Tropical Merge

Start playing and solve the mystery of the island!

Fairyland

Start playing and discover the true power of magic!

Candy Riddles

Start playing and collect the most delicious sweets!

Show all
Vacancies
All 12
Qa 2
Game-design 2
Programming 3
Art 2
Video 1
Analytics 2
QA Engineer + Level Designer
Remote, 1+ year of experience
QA Engineer + Operations Specialist (Game Publishing)
Remote, 1+ year of experience
Narrative Designer
Remote, 1+ year of experience
Game Designer + Analyst
Remote, 2+ years of experience
Lead JavaScript Developer
Remote, 5+ years of experience
JavaScript Developer
Remote, 2+ years of experience
R&D Prototype Developer
Remote, 2+ years of experience
2D Artist
Remote, 2+ years of experience
Lead 2D Artist
Remote, 5+ years of experience
Motion Designer + Animator
Remote, 2+ years of experience
User Acquisition Manager
Remote, 2+ years of experience
Communications Manager
Remote, 2+ years of experience
hr@cleverappssg.com
Workplace organization

Iterative agile development with a wide range of tasks
Our management principles include:

Regular feedback: We deliver constant constructive feedback to support the growth and development.
Professional growth: We provide opportunities for professional development and qualification improvement.
Regular feedback: We offer a fixed monthly compensation and a bonus which is regularly reviewed and depends on your results and achievements.

Work conditions

Tech stack

Environments for artists and animators

FAQ

How is the remote work organized in the company?

What are the stages of the hiring process?

What benefits do you offer?

Do you have test assignments?

When will I receive feedback after the interview or completing the test assignment?

Where can I learn more about the company?

© 2017 – 2025 Clever Apps Pte. Ltd.