Cleveland 19 News | WOIO | Cleveland, Ohio Skip to content 2 Strong 4 Bullies Contests CBS19 Advertising Spot the Signs Deals We the People News Live First Alert Weather Video Sports Streaming Schedule Seen On TV Closings Podcasts Home Watch Live Seen On TV Contests Deals Submit Photos & Video Sign Up For Our Newsletter News Download News App Crime Building a Better Cleveland Cuyahoga's Most Wanted Scam Squad National Video Download Streaming Apps Live Newscasts Streaming Schedule Latest News Videos 19 News This Morning 19 News Now 19/43 Video Vault Drone 19 19 Investigates Contact 19 Investigates 19 Solutions Team 19 Troubleshooters Seeking Justice Unidentified The Missing To Catch a Killer InvestigateTV Podcasts Dark Side of the Land Podcast Off the Leash Podcast First Alert Weather Radar Closings Download Weather App 19 First Alert Weather Now First Alert Camera Network 19 First Alert Safety Guide First Alert Science School First Alert Focus Wild Weather Planning Calendar Traffic Gas Prices Sports Cleveland Browns Cleveland Cavaliers Cleveland Guardians Cleveland Monsters Cleveland Rockers Ohio State Stadium Showdown Tailgate 19 Friday Football Frenzy Off the Leash Operation Orange Health Vaccine Health Updates Go Red Breast Cancer Spot the Signs Food Cleveland Cooks Taste Buds Community We the People Pets and Animals Operation Backpack Share Your Holidays CLE Weekend 43 Focus Submit Photos & Video Cleveland Now Sponsor Spotlight Programming Schedule Cleveland's 43 Report a Service Outage About Us Contact Us Meet the Team Request an Emcee Internships Careers InvestigateTV Watching Your Wallet Gray DC Bureau Latest Newscasts NextGen TV Zeam - News Streams Circle Country PowerNation Digital Marketing Gray AI Policy 5 weather alerts in effect Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar ALERT: 19 First Alert Weather Day: Snow to cause travel impacts tonight; 1″ - 3″ likely Dismiss Breaking News Alerts Bar 19 First Alert Weather Day: Snow to cause travel impacts tonight; 1″ - 3″ likely Low pressure sits north of our area this morning. Severe Damaging winds and snow in Northeast Ohio: Snow emergencies, warming centers News Mayfield Heights Police release safety measures after teen fatally shot outside Raising Cane’s News Investigation finds no security threat to Cleveland Hopkins International Airport TOP HEADLINES News New York man steals over $4K worth of merchandise from Westlake Ulta, police say Updated : 2 hours ago | By Madeline Harden A New York man is accused of stealing more than $4,000 worth of merchandise from a Westlake Ulta on Saturday. News Ohio minimum wage set to increase in 2026 Updated : 3 hours ago | By WTVG Staff Minimum wage employees in Ohio will see an increase in pay beginning in 2026, according to the Department of Commerce. News Evanston man charged with murder after beating woman with wooden club, records say Updated : 9 hours ago | By Matt Schaffer Andre Michael Redmond was charged with murder, operating while impaired and reasonable control. News Man arrested for alleged robbery of mini-bike using Facebook Marketplace Updated : 5 hours ago | By WTVG Staff Efosa Oshodin, 18, is facing three charges of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. News Fallen Cleveland Police officer Shane Bartek to be honored at vigil Updated : 3 hours ago | By Michelle Nicks - WOIO and Madeline Harden The Dec. 31 vigil will honor Bartek four years after being murdered. News City of Cleveland issues reminders about parking, fireworks and drunk driving for New Year’s Eve Updated : 4 hours ago | By Madeline Harden The City of Cleveland issued a public safety reminder as the community prepares to ring in the new year. 19 First Alert Forecast FEATURES LATEST VIDEO News Ryan Day on Cotton Bowl News Cris Carter on Buckeyes News VIDEO: Car crashes through Twinsburg 7-Eleven News Rainbow Terrace owner says no conditions within building caused the June explosion, plans to rebuild MORE NEWS News Stark Co. Sheriff’s Office, OSHA investigating work‑related death at Hoopes-Edwards Updated : 5 hours ago | By Madeline Harden The Stark County Sheriff’s Office and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) are investigating a work-related death at the Hoopes-Edwards facility in Independence. News Lorain man steals car out of garage and crashes it near Lake Erie Updated : 6 hours ago | By Madeline Harden A Lorain man was arrested and charged after allegedly stealing a car out of a garage and then crashing it near Lake Erie early Wednesday morning. News VIDEO: Car crashes through Twinsburg 7-Eleven Updated : 7 hours ago | By Madeline Harden Surveillance camera footage captured the moments a car crashed through a Twinsburg 7-Eleven late Tuesday evening. News 31-year-old man shot in Cleveland’s Glenville neighborhood Updated : 7 hours ago | By Madeline Harden Cleveland Police are investigating a shooting that hospitalized a 31-year-old man late Tuesday evening. Sports Cleveland Browns News and Rumors 12/31/25: Careers in the Balance Updated : 8 hours ago | By Barry McBride via TheOBR.com The final weekend of football will produce some interesting results, as coaching jobs are in doubt across the AFC North. This is the OBR Daily Newswire for 12/31/25. News Rainbow Terrace owner says no conditions within building caused the June explosion, plans to rebuild Updated : 17 hours ago | By Caitlin McCarthy The Michigan-based owners of Rainbow Terrace apartments say the experts they hired found no conditions within the building caused the June 23 explosion. National Train derailment releases toxic gas, forces shelter-in-place order in Kentucky Updated : 10 hours ago | By Tony Garcia Residents were told to ‘shelter in place’ and to turn off their HVAC systems despite freezing morning temperatures. State Marijuana might be back on Ohio ballots in 2026 Updated : 21 hours ago | By Shaun Hegarty There's a push to overturn some new regulations that the Ohio legislature and governor just put into law. News Missing Stow man found deceased in Munroe Falls Updated : 18 hours ago | By Avery Williams and Ashley Pomplas The Stow Police Department said in a Facebook post Tuesday evening that the missing Stow man was found deceased. News On Christmas Eve, an arson fire in Willard leaves a car a burned out shell of itself Updated : 21 hours ago | By Harry Boomer Emily Jackson’s car, the first one she ever bought by herself, her father said, was destroyed on Christmas Eve. News Trumbull County officer drags driver out of burning car: caught on camera Updated : 21 hours ago | By Rachel Vadaj The harrowing moments of flames erupting from an overturned car with a driver trapped inside was caught on camera by the Trumbull County officer who rushed into danger to pull him to safety. Seeking Justice Seeking Justice: Four years later, Cleveland hit-and-run case remains unsolved Updated : 21 hours ago | By Sara Goldenberg Four years have passed since someone killed a Cleveland woman in a hit-and-run crash, and no one has been held accountable for her death. MORE NEWS Pets and Animals Aurora Police mourn the loss of a retired K9 Updated : 22 hours ago | By Ashley Pomplas The Aurora Police Department is mourning the loss of a retired police K9 who passed away Monday. News Cleveland Police search for missing 14-year-old Updated : 22 hours ago | By Ashley Pomplas The Cleveland Police 2nd District are searching for a missing 14-year-old girl. Pets and Animals Marine’s therapy cat missing since Christmas Day Updated : 23 hours ago | By Brittany Wier A Marine veteran’s therapy cat has been missing since Christmas Day, prompting a community-wide search effort that includes drone technology. News Youngstown Diocese responds to parishioners defending now-closed Ashtabula church Updated : 23 hours ago | By Steven Hernandez The discussion over the future of the Mother of Sorrows church continues as 19 News spoke to members of the Diocese of Youngstown. Crime 3 men wanted in Erie County for failing to register as sex offenders Updated : 19 hours ago | By Ashley Pomplas The Erie County Sheriff’s Office said Tuesday one of the three men have been captured, two are still at large. First Alert Weather Video shows series of weather-related crashes on I-71: ‘I almost got hit by a truck!’ Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 2:57 PM EST | By Avery Williams Ohio troopers recently released video showing a series of weather-related crashes on I-71 last month. Pets and Animals Who to call if you see a Cleveland pet left out in bitter cold Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 1:57 PM EST | By Rachel Vadaj Artic air surging into Northeast Ohio with snow, bitter cold, and high winds is creating dangerous conditions for not only people, but for pets too. Call Cleveland Animal Care and Control if you see a pet left outside and in distress. Crime Teen fatally shot outside Raising Cane’s identified as Ginn Academy student Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 1:19 PM EST | By Avery Williams and Julia Thyret The Cleveland Metropolitan School District (CSMD) is mourning the death of slain student Phillip Longino Jr. Derailed: East Palestine Personal injury payments begin in East Palestine derailment settlement Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 12:27 PM EST | By 19 News Digital Team Personal injury payments are hitting the mail in the East Palestine train derailment class-action lawsuit. Consumer New daily flights connect Cleveland Hopkins International Airport to Chicago, New York City Updated : Dec. 30, 2025 at 12:21 PM EST | By Rachel Vadaj New daily flights out of Cleveland Hopkins International Airport will connect Northeast Ohio to Chicago and New York City. Home News First Alert Weather Sports Traffic Health Food Community Contact Us WOIO 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 Public Inspection File FCC Applications publicfile@woio.com - (216) 367-7535 Terms of Service Privacy Policy EEO Report Advertising Digital Marketing Closed Captioning/Audio Description Problems Persons With Disabilities Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence. A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025