Disk Drill - Best Free Mac Data Recovery Software in 2025! Search the website Search Search Data Recovery for Mac Data Recovery for Windows Help Contacts Search English English Deutsch Español Italiano Português Svenska 한국어 العربية Français 日本語 Русский Nederlands 简体中文 Polski Türkçe Bahasa Melayu Menu Data Recovery for Mac Data Recovery for Windows Help Contacts Search English English Français Deutsch 日本語 Español Русский Italiano Nederlands Português 简体中文 Svenska Polski 한국어 Türkçe العربية Bahasa Melayu Choose language Disk Drill for macOS Free Download Upgrade to PRO Runs on M1-M5/T2 & other Macs Disk Drill 6 macOS Tahoe ready The Premier Mac Data Recovery Software Recover deleted, lost, or damaged data, personal or business documents, music, photos, videos, and other files from internal, external and virtual hard drives, memory cards, iPhones, iPads, Android devices, RAID arrays, and other data sources. Disk Drill excels in data recovery for Mac. Free Download Upgrade to PRO Also available for Windows Recover All File Formats Recover any file or folder, or reconstruct 400+ file types with multiple binary recovery methods. All Major Devices Supported Scan your storage devices & swiftly recover lost data. Disk Drill supports iOS, iPadOS, and Android recovery as well. No Expert Skills Needed Disk Drill is a top-tier do-it-yourself data recovery app. Start your search for lost data with just a click. Scan for Lost Data The free Disk Drill app can scan and recover data and entire lost partitions from virtually any storage device — including internal Macintosh hard drives, external disks, SSD, cameras, iPhones, iPads, iPods, Android devices, USB flash drives, Kindles, memory cards, Windows and Linux RAID arrays, virtual hard drives, and disk images. In many cases, Disk Drill can read your device even if it’s failing, not recognized by your system, unreadable, or has lost a partition. Combining several powerful scanning algorithms, Disk Drill is a complete Mac data recovery toolset. How to recover deleted files on Mac Recover Lost Data on Macs Disk Drill makes Mac data recovery super easy. In just a few simple clicks, you can get it to scan your device for lost data and display a list of files that can be restored. Preview these files to determine which ones can be successfully recovered. If you have Disk Drill’s data protection features enabled, all protected file recovery on your Mac is free! If not, a quick upgrade to Disk Drill PRO will let you recover all deleted files and get back to your work. Mac hard drive data recovery tips and hints Simple Mac File Recovery Disk Drill puts the emphasis on easy. You shouldn’t have to be an IT expert to recover your deleted files on Mac. We have designed our app to ensure you don’t spend hours learning the new software. However, if you do need it, our online knowledge base provides detailed, step-by-step instructions for each Disk Drill feature. On the other hand, if you’re a computer expert, there are plenty of ways for you to customize the recovery process. If your data is recoverable, Disk Drill will find and undelete it for you. Broken, unreadable or corrupted video? Fix MP4 & MOV files with free Clever Online Video Repair tool. Deep Scan of T2, M1-M5 Macs As a comprehensive data recovery app, Disk Drill requires low-level access to the scanned storage devices. The macOS operating system gives such a privileged level of access only to the most trusted software, and Disk Drill is the premier solution to recover deleted data not only from external drives, but also system disks powering Macs with Intel, Apple T2, M1-M5 chips. Disk Drill achieves the necessary level of access by deploying its own kernel extension (known as kext). This extension allows Disk Drill to cooperate with the macOS kernel to access your data storage devices and extract recoverable data from them. Recover Deleted Files from an SD Card on Mac Time Machine Backups and Snapshots Permanently deleted files that have become overwritten by new data can still be recovered from existing backups, and Disk Drill makes this easier by parsing Time Machine backup disks and scanning local Time Machine snapshots. Time Machine backup disks are external or network-attached storage devices where incremental backups of your files are saved. Such disks are automatically detected by Disk Drill, and you can scan them with just a click. Local Time Machine snapshots, on the other hand, are saved on the system drive when backup disks are not available, and Disk Drill can also scan them for you. Recover Deleted Files from Trash on Mac Native Apple Silicon (M1-M5) Compatibility Since their introduction in November 2020, Macs with ARM-based M1 chips have become wildly popular among consumers thanks to their remarkable energy efficiency and performance. However, the new architecture affects  compatibility with apps designed exclusively for Intel-based Macs, forcing their users to rely on a dynamic binary translator called Rosetta 2. The latest version of Disk Drill is fully optimized for both older Intel-based Macs and the latest Macs with M1-M5 chips, allowing it to retrieve lost data from any compatible storage device reliably and fast. How to recover deleted partitions on Mac OS X Restore Data on Any Internal or External Storage Device, iOS, iPadOS, and Android If your hard drive or memory card suddenly went blank or is not recognized by your computer or camera, you may have experienced a lost partition. The data might still be there, but the "map" your Mac computer needs to find that data might be lost. Disk Drill can help you restore the lost partition and recover your data, if it's still there. All mountable data storage devices are supported. Various recovery methods are available based on the file system. And yes, you can restore your deleted data even from formatted drives. Laptops & Desktops iPhones, iPads, and iPods Digital Cameras Internal & External Hard Drives USB Flash Drives Android Devices (rooted) Memory Cards & RAID Arrays And other supported data sources... iOS Devices Wrong swipe or tap? We can help you get your deleted data back on iPhone or iPad. Disk Drill recovers multiple file types from your iOS device, like call history, contacts, messages and more. iOS Data Recovery Android Devices It can happen to anyone, especially on a mobile device: you can accidentally delete your photos, texts, documents. Don't panic. Disk Drill can recover your lost Android data. Android Data Recovery Additional Free Disk Tools Disk Drill is not only about Mac data recovery. It's also packed with useful disk and data tools for professionals and home users. The following extra features are free and enabled in Disk Drill right out-of-the-box. There’s no need to buy more apps to clean up your Macintosh, find duplicates on your hard drive, backup your data, create macOS installers, or monitor your disks' health. Download the free Disk Drill, and you are all covered. Additional disk tools are included in Disk Drill Free Edition. Free Disk Health Free S.M.A.R.T. Disk Monitoring Stays Alert for Any Potential Disk Issues. Free Mac Cleanup Analyze Disk Space, Locate Unused Files and Space Hogs, Free Up Your Storage Effortlessly. Free Duplicate Finder Easily Find and Remove Duplicate Files in Multiple Locations on Your Drive. Free Recovery Drive Create Your own Bootable USB Drive for Free Mac OS X Data Recovery. Free Data Protection Protect Your Data with Recovery Vault or Guaranteed Recovery. Recover it for Free. Free Data Backup Create Byte-to-byte Disk & Partition Backups for Future Mac OS X Recovery. Download Disk Drill Latest release: Disk Drill 6.1, requires macOS 10.15.7-26.x. Other versions available for older Macs . Looking to free up space on your iOS device? Try our free iPhone cleaner app! Top Use Cases for Mac Data Recovery How to Recover Data from a Formatted Drive on Mac OS X Recover Deleted MS Word Documents on Mac Recover Lost Data from FAT, NTFS, HFS+, etc. USB Flash Drive Recovery Software for Mac How to Recover Deleted Partitions on Mac OS X Recover Lost Files with Disk Drill Basic List of Best Data Recovery Software for Mac Ways to Recover Files from an Emptied Trash on Mac All data recovery stories 300+ Million TOTAL DOWNLOADS 1,000,000+ PRO CLIENTS BUSINESS & HOME USERS in 160+ countries Customers and reviewers say digitaltrends.com Disk Drill Pro offers great value for data recovery. It passed my HDD and thumb drive tests with no trouble. I like Disk Drill Pro and recommend it as one of the best data recovery apps available. Read more PCMag.com If you've ever accidently saved over a document or deleted a presentation, you know the pain that comes with losing a file. CleverFiles Disk Drill Pro ($89) turns back that clock. The data recovery utility scans a desktop's hard drive—and any external drives connected to it—in order to retrieve and reconstruct lost files. Thanks to exceptionally thorough scanning and vast signature support, it returns a trove of results that you can winnow with advanced filters. Read more Used by world famous companies Disk Drill 6 Your Companion in successful Mac Data Recovery Free Download Upgrade to PRO REQUIREMENTS macOS 10.15.7–26.x, 72.1 MB Use Disk Drill 1.x-5.x for OS X 10.5+ AVERAGE USER RANK 4.8 by 1251 users Submit your review NEWEST RELEASE Version 6.1.2111. 20 November 2025 View release notes 122 Delaware St, Ste E2, New Castle, DE 19720 USA © 2025 CleverFiles Inc., its affiliates and licensors About Help Partners Press Uninstall Legal We use cookies to ensure the best user experience on our website. Learn more Got it