Why Tiki
Advertiser Solutions
Publisher Solutions
Company
Causes
Contact Us
Travel is
‍our domain.
Global reach. Local impact.

Tiki is an AI-powered advertising platform that helps Destination Marketing Organizations (DMOs) connect with over 150 million active travel planners every month.

Through our direct travel publisher integrations, we’ve created the first AI conversational marketing ad platform for DMOs, serving as a destination brand ambassador to engage travelers safely and effectively before they reach client’s websites.

WHY TIKI?
200+

travel publishers around the world

150m+

monthly travel searches

100%

guaranteed brand safety

Learn more
FOR ADVERTISERS
Let your destination take center stage.

Large format display, branded impressions are pure value add. Pay only when a traveler clicks over to your website. Your branded impressions are pure value add. With Tiki, you get guaranteed visits and extend your retargeting pool.

Learn more

Travel publishers integrate Tiki code and conversion pixels across their sites.

Deep technical integrations enable Tiki to contextually target travelers as they plan their trips.

We deliver interactive marketing experiences not possible on large exchanges.

Units are launched against qualified users as they interact with the travel publishers’ sites.

CONVERSATIONAL AI
Convert questions into visitors with Envoy.

Envoy is the first conversational marketing product powered by AI, and built exclusively for DMOs by the travel experts at Tiki.

Envoy engages potential travelers in your brand’s unique voice at every stage of their travel planning journey, whether they’re exploring destinations across the web or visiting your website.

Learn more
Watch video
FOR PUBLISHERS
A powerful platform that gets results

Tiki’s robust library of contextually driven media units allows travel publishers to customize a variety of rich ad units in moments. Tiki’s Control Tower can be operated in a completely self-service capacity, and larger publishers receive dedicated support to maximize the monetization of every page.

Learn more

The Tiki team has a deep knowledge of the travel industry. They focus on meeting the marketing objectives of their partners, and continue to build out and enhance their products."

—Maryellen D’Aiuto, VP of Online Marketing at Priceline

Their combination of cutting-edge technology and transparent reporting ensures that every campaign delivers measurable results and meaningful ROI."

—Brett Gordon, President of Madden Media

Partnering with Tiki is one of the single most important, profitable and impactful decisions we have ever had on the business."

—Charlie Parker, Head of Online and Partnerships Director at RoughGuides

We focus on prioritizing opportunities to enhance our marketing strategies and tactics through new technology. We're thrilled with the results Tiki has achieved with our Envoy program."

—Leah Chandler, CDME, former CMO, Discover Puerto Rico

Meet the team
of travel experts

Our team has decades of experience working in all facets of the travel and tourism industry, including destination marketing, OTAs, PR agencies, global distribution systems, airlines, and travel tech providers.

Meet our team
LATEST NEWS

DIGITAL TOURISM THINK TANK

Clicktripz Rebrands as Tiki, Launches New Strategic Partnership...

Clicktripz, a leading travel technology company renowned for its innovative solutions in the tourism industry, today announced its official rebranding to Tiki.

Read article

MARTECHCUBE

Tiki & Discover Puerto Rico Announce Envoy, an AI-Powered Unit

Tiki, a leader in travel technology solutions, together with advertising agency R&R Partners and Discover Puerto Rico, has announced the…

Read article

MARKET WATCH

Digital Media Solutions Provider, Tiki, Launches Destination Marketing...

Tiki, a leading innovator in the online travel industry, has announced the launch of its new division dedicated to exclusively serving destination marketing…

Read article
See all news
Ready to reach new audiences?
Let’s talk targeted solutions tailored for you.
Get in touch
Why Tiki
Advertiser Solutions
Publisher Solutions
Company
Causes
Contact Us
©2025 All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
×
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content, ads and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
ACCEPT ALL
DECLINE ALL
 SHOW DETAILS
POWERED BY COOKIESCRIPT