Try for free
Run 
meetings

with confidence

Dependable webinar platform to profit from your knowledge, share ideas and convert your audience to loyal customers.

Start for free
14 days. No credit card required
Book a demo
4,6 from 11 000+ reviews

Webinar software with 5-star support

Enjoyed by 15 millions users each year
Users love us – you will, too
Watch video

“We gained over 30,000 leads from a webinar series”

Katarzyna Bielecka

Owner of Verte Training Center

Watch video

“98% of participants recommend our webinars on ClickMeeting”

Kamil Leśniak, Event & Marketing Manager

DevaGroup

Watch video

“500 people participated in our first webinar”

Mikołaj Winkiel, Chief Evangelist

Brand 24

What can you get with ClickMeeting?

Earn Teach Promote

Make money with paid webinars!

Want to share your expert knowledge and monetize it? With ClickMeeting, you’ll get everything you need to organize events and sell virtual tickets.

Earn stress-free thanks to the ticketing system and secure payments
Promote webinars with discount codes, promotions, and other tools
Monetize event recordings in on-demand format

 

Try it free
See more

Share knowledge while engaging your audience

Overcome barriers in knowledge transfer with webinars on ClickMeeting. Meet your audience in an interactive classroom filled with features that facilitate teaching and learning.

Show, explain, and encourage activity
Use innovative features such as Edu Mode and Breakout Rooms
Share recordings and educational materials

 

Try it free
See more

Use online events in your marketing strategy

Discover a complete set of webinar marketing tools. Generate leads, convert them into customers, ensure their education, and build relationships. Organize conferences and large events to inspire others.

Transform webinars into effective lead magnets
Automate communication and promotional activities
Create large events for thousands of people

 

Try it free
See more

Who is ClickMeeting for?

See how we support experts from various industries in organizing online events. It’s time to join them!

Teachers and lecturers
Marketers and sales people
NGOs and public sector
Managers and consultants
Content creators
Trainers and coaches
Everything you need to share knowledge

Invite your students to a virtual classroom. You’ll find here a complete set of tools that facilitate knowledge transfer and verification.

Try it free

Our clients’ stories

Learn about our clients’ stories and discover how experts from various industries use online events in their work!



Watch video

ClickMeeting is the right partner for us because they just allow us to streamline all the processes that are needed to run successful webinars.

Max, E-level, co-owner

ClickMeeting has allowed us to boost our company

Read how

See how others grow their business with ClickMeeting

Try it free
Watch video

“A lecture on ClickMeeting is no different from the one I give at university”

Dr. Eng. Piotr Chyła, Lecturer

AGH

Read more
Watch video

“Over 3,000 people participated in one of our webinars. That reach was incredible”

Dr. Anna Budzińska, Foundation Director

Fundacja IWRD

Read more
Watch video

“ClickMeeting allowed us to increase the reach of our training sessions and the number of participants”

Karina Gudzak, Training Department Manager

Symfonia

Read more

Ensure cyber security and regulatory compliance

Ensuring data security is one of the biggest challenges every company faces today. At ClickMeeting, we take care to implement and follow more and more advanced procedures, which is confirmed by the ISO/IEC 27001:2022 certification we obtained.

See ISO Certificatation

What do you need to know to get started?

ClickMeeting is extremely easy to use. Just a few clicks are enough to start creating online events. Here you’ll find answers to the most frequently asked questions.

Try for free

Can I try ClickMeeting before paying for a package?

Yes, of course! You can create a ClickMeeting free trial account to test our webinar service for 14 days. No payment details are required to open your free trial account. For the 30-day free trial, click here.

 

Please note that if you opt for a subscription package, you will automatically skip the free trial period and will be asked to provide your payment details. The charges are made up front each month (30 days) or year (365 days) until you decide to fully cancel your account.

How can I understand the difference between the host and the presenter?

The ClickMeeting platform allows you to host your events by yourself or invite other users as presenters to help you run your virtual meetings or conferences. Please remember, however, that there are differences between the role of the host and the presenter.

 

A host is also called the account owner who has access to the account panel and its billing details and can manage the account settings as well as the add-ons. The billing details or the add-ons can only be viewed and purchased by the host. As the host, you can schedule the events and provide any changes convenient to them.

 

In the event room, there is always one seat available for the host who can decide who is going to receive the presenter’s rights, for instance, via sending an email invitation, link, or assigning the presenter’s role to a chosen person in the event room. You can always take away the presenter’s rights from the presenters and make them attendees. It is not obligatory for the host to join every event; the presenters can start the event on their own.

 

A presenter is a person who is invited to an event by a host (the account owner) via individual email invitation or a link. The rights and the access to options available in the event room are the same for the presenter as for the host. Webinars and meetings can be started and finished also by the presenter – the host does not have to be present in the event room to do this.

 

The number of seats available for the presenters is dependent on the plan the account owner (host) decides to purchase. It can only be increased by the host who can purchase the Presenters’ seats add-on. Additional seats for the presenters are available only in webinars, and they do not increase the default number of cameras and audio streams. In webinars, you can have a maximum of 8 cameras and microphones enabled at the same time.

 

The presenter has no access to the account panel, but only to the event room to which he received the email invitation. After the event is over, the presenter will receive a Thank-you email where he can find basic statistics from the conference. It is not advised to share the presenter’s link with any other person due to losing the possibility to join the event room.

Is there any add-on I can purchase to host two or more events at the same time?

The ClickMeeting platform allows you to purchase the Parallel events add-on to be able to host two or more events at the same time within one account, depending on your needs. You can purchase the add-on in the Account add-ons section available in the drop-down menu in your account.

 

The add-on can only be purchased by the account owner, meaning that no multiusers, subaccounts, or presenters have access to this section within one account. Please note that purchasing the add-on does not multiply the number of attendees who can join the event room. The number of people who can join each event room is designated according to the subscription plan you have decided to go with. If you notice that the number of seats available in the event room is not enough, you can upgrade your account to a higher subscription package only.

 

One Parallel events add-on allows you to host one additional event besides the event that you can host by default. It means that one purchased add-on allows you to host two events at the same time. If you decide to purchase two add-ons, it means you can host three events at the same time and so on.

 

Please note that the add-on is available within your account till the moment you decide to cancel it. You can cancel the add-on in the Billing details section in your account. If you do not need the Parallel event add-on in the next billing cycle, you should cancel it before the new billing cycle starts to avoid being charged for it.

How can I convert my account from the free trial to a paid package?

After logging in to your account, the Choose your plan button will be displayed at the top of the screen. Click it, choose the service package (monthly or annual; Live or Automated) and provide all the necessary billing details, such as address, city or credit card number. Then, click the Buy Now button on the right side of the screen.

All details regarding payments update automatically when choosing between different plans.

How much does a ClickMeeting account cost and what are my payment options?

At the moment, we offer monthly and annual plans. The price is based on the subscription plan you choose.

 

We accept all major credit cards including VISA, Master Card, Discover and American Express. In countries where access to a credit card is limited, we accept payments via PayPal.

 

The annual plan includes up to 20% discount. We also offer discounts for nonprofit organizations. To learn more about this offer, please contact our Billing Department.

I need an account to be used by several people in my organization. What can I do?

If you want several people to use the same account, you can either create a Multiuser account or Subaccount for them.

 

Choose a Multiuser account if you want your co-workers, employees or contractors to use the same account but have their own login details. They will be able to log in to the main account and create and host their own events on your account. Please note, however, that this type of account allows only one person to host one event at a time. To be able to organize two or more events at the same time, you would want to purchase the Parallel Event add-on. To purchase a Multiuser account (you can have up to 3 Multiuser accounts), please upgrade your plan to the Live or Automated package.

 

Choose a Subaccount if you would like to keep your co-workers’, employees’ or contractors’ data private. Each person will get their own storage space as well as recording time allowances. To purchase a Subaccount, log in to the account, hover the pointer over your name in the right upper corner, go to the Account Add-Ons section and choose Subaccounts.

 

Please note that your Subaccount and Multiuser account users cannot purchase the add-ons or make any other payments within their accounts. The payments can only be made from and for the main account.

How do I upgrade or downgrade my ClickMeeting plan?

To upgrade your plan, log in to the account, hover the pointer over your name in the upper-right corner of the screen and go to the Billing details section. Next to the Plan size section, choose the Upgrade button.

 

To downgrade your plan, please contact our Customer Success Team. You can downgrade the plan to any paid plan currently available, beginning with the next subscription period. We highly encourage you to contact our specialists a few working days before the start of the new billing cycle. It will allow for efficient execution of changes and procedures.

 

You can downgrade the plan to any paid plan currently available, beginning with the next subscription period.

 

Please note that it is not possible to downgrade the paid plan back to a free trial account.

 

Please also note that downgrading your plan will result in the voidance of all the promo-codes.

Are there any hidden costs for using ClickMeeting?

There are no hidden costs for using the standard ClickMeeting features.

 

ClickMeeting does offer additional features that are available at an extra cost, such as add-ons and toll-free phone numbers. The account owner can purchase these features from the main account.

 

When adding a new credit card to a ClickMeeting account, you will be charged $1 for its authorization. This amount will be fully refunded within a few days.

 

Please note that if you use the Paid Webinars feature, PayPal may apply charges according to its policy. To learn more about the charges applied by PayPal, please click here.

 

Please note that depending on your bank’s policies, you may be charged additional fees for recurring payments. Such fees are not included in the regular ClickMeeting subscription plans.

Start hosting

professional webinars today

Earn, promote and teach online. Create a free account and try ClickMeeting with no commitments!

Try for free
EN
ClickMeeting
Pricing
Partners & affiliates
Press center
Custom services
Enterprise software
Top Features
On-demand webinars
Automation
Live webinars
Paid webinars
Online meetings
Breakout rooms
Screen sharing
Webinar cycle
Webinar recording
Virtual Event Platform
Resources
Blog
Help Center
Integrations
Case Studies
Dev zone
Status page
About Us
Career
GDPR
Legal notices
Contact point for notifications
About us
Reviews
Cookie settings
Contact us

Check our mobile apps:

Copyrights © 2025. All rights reserved.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Privacy Policy
Legal Resources
ENGLISH
FRENCH
GERMAN
POLISH
RUSSIAN
SPANISH
PORTUGUESE
ITALIAN
It’s your data, and you’re in charge.
We’re letting you know that we use our own and third-party cookies and similar technologies to analyze our services and suggest you content based on your preferences. If you click “Accept All Cookies,” it will mean you are OK with it. However, you can manage your cookies and similar technologies settings. How? Read more.
ACCEPT ALL
 SHOW DETAILS