Privacy-friendly Website Analytics | GDPR-compliant, Real-time, Google Analytics alternative | Clicky clicky Login Register Help Privacy-friendly Website Analytics Clicky's privacy-friendly, GDPR-compliant website analytics service is used by more than one million websites around the globe. Register now Login Demo Learn more Compare "I have used a number of programs for stats over the years but nothing compares to Clicky. They continue to develop cutting edge features that meets my needs, while at the same time maintaining an easy to use program. Support is great and I love the live stats. This is the best web analytics program on the market - period!" -- Hailey Veer -- More testimonials » Monitor, analyze, and react to your traffic in real time Privacy-friendly & GDPR-compliant No personal data. No tracking cookies. No bots or referrer spam Our bot detection and blocking is the best in the biz. Visitor and action logs See every visitor, page view, and javascript event. Anonymized and GDPR-compliant by default. Track ad-block visitors ~15% of people use ad-blockers, which also block even the most privacy-friendly trackers like Clicky. But these visitors can be tracked, by proxying all beacons through generic paths on your domain. Heatmaps View heatmaps by page, visitor, or segment. Security and anti-fraud, if you need it Optionally log more data for security or anti-fraud purposes, including full IP addresses, as defined by GDPR recital 47 . Uptime monitoring Receive alerts when your website goes offline so you can react immediately. Uptime is monitored from 7 locations around the globe. And so much more... The list of features is nearly endless. Compare Clicky vs the competition! Blog AI, UTMs, and referrers Proxy tracking updates: Cookies, Caching, and X-Forwarded-For Log ad-block visitors with reverse proxy tracking! IPv6 support! Privacy update: Cookie-free tracking is the new default Two-factor authentication (2FA) Big update for trends and graphs! Read more » Register now Login Demo Learn more Compare Register Pricing White label analytics Marketshare Help Forums Contact Blog Bluesky Mastodon Twitter Terms of service Privacy policy Do not sell my personal information Opt out Copyright © 2025, Roxr Software Ltd