ClickOnDetroit | WDIV Local 4 Close Skip to main content Open Main Menu Navigation Search all of ClickOnDetroit.com Freezing Drizzle icon 23 º Go to the WDIV homepage Join Insider Sign In Open the WDIV ClickOnDetroit Help Desk News Watch Live Weather Sports Features Live In The D MIPics Contact Us Newsletters Trending 4 Michigan laws that will take effect Jan. 1, 2026 Both Ambassador Bridge and Detroit-Windsor Tunnel to cost more in 2026 24-year-old accused of firing multiple gunshots at Macomb County home Husband in Dee Warner murder case appeared in court today -- Here’s what happened More accumulating snow for Metro Detroit on New Year’s Eve Why Michigan drivers will see higher gas prices in 2026 Driver shoots self, hits pedestrian on Detroit’s west side before crashing, dying Vista Maria lays off nearly 130 employees, ends residential program Cloud cover sticks around the forecast through the rest of the week and into the weekend as well More accumulating snow for Metro Detroit on New Year’s Eve Read full article: More accumulating snow for Metro Detroit on New Year’s Eve Suspect arrested Man killed, another injured in shooting on Detroit’s west side Read full article: Man killed, another injured in shooting on Detroit’s west side Powerful winds cause Lake Erie to flee Ohio, Michigan ▶ 0:56 Powerful winds cause Lake Erie to flee Ohio, Michigan Record-breaking snowfall hits Upper Peninsula ▶ 0:24 Record-breaking snowfall hits Upper Peninsula Firefighter injured as crews battle fire at Southgate motel ▶ 0:54 Firefighter injured as crews battle fire at Southgate motel From the Vault: Christmas shopping in Detroit, 1973 ▶ 1:05 From the Vault: Christmas shopping in Detroit, 1973 U.S. beef prices soar over past year ▶ 0:43 U.S. beef prices soar over past year Michigan players react to Sherrone Moore situation ▶ 1:23 Michigan players react to Sherrone Moore situation Bell ringer shot dead at Kroger; suspect arrested ▶ 0:39 Bell ringer shot dead at Kroger; suspect arrested Court docs: Moore's arrest tied to ended relationship ▶ 0:49 Court docs: Moore's arrest tied to ended relationship Hero cop saves 1-year-old in Sterling Heights ▶ 0:58 Hero cop saves 1-year-old in Sterling Heights Man holds son as shield after Warren chase ▶ 0:53 Man holds son as shield after Warren chase Detective accused of fleeing state to avoid testimony ▶ 1:47 Detective accused of fleeing state to avoid testimony Monroe AD on leave after podcast comments ▶ 0:42 Monroe AD on leave after podcast comments Detroit's Leland complex tenants locked out, need essentials ▶ 0:32 Detroit's Leland complex tenants locked out, need essentials Jim Harbaugh speaks on Moore's firing, charges ▶ 0:55 Jim Harbaugh speaks on Moore's firing, charges Detroit neighbors oppose Cover Girls strip club ▶ 0:34 Detroit neighbors oppose Cover Girls strip club U.S. Mint's 2025 pennies sell for $17M ▶ 0:44 U.S. Mint's 2025 pennies sell for $17M From the Vault: Detroit on Christmas Eve, 1977 ▶ 1:19 From the Vault: Detroit on Christmas Eve, 1977 Bloomfield Township police arrest the Grinch! ▶ 0:56 Bloomfield Township police arrest the Grinch! 3 dead, 2 injured in Detroit house fire ▶ 0:44 3 dead, 2 injured in Detroit house fire Ex-Michigan coach Moore in custody post-firing ▶ 1:08 Ex-Michigan coach Moore in custody post-firing Flint native becomes latest EMU president ▶ 0:24 Flint native becomes latest EMU president Jake Vedder eyes 2026 Olympics medal ▶ 1:38 Jake Vedder eyes 2026 Olympics medal Strangers' kindness makes 88-year-old vet a millionaire ▶ 1:23 Strangers' kindness makes 88-year-old vet a millionaire Tolls on Ambassador Bridge to increase Jan 1 ▶ 0:45 Tolls on Ambassador Bridge to increase Jan 1 Coyote carrying dinner seen in Oakland County ▶ 0:13 Coyote carrying dinner seen in Oakland County Previous photo Next photo FILE - A customer pumps gas at a gas station in Mundelein, Ill., Feb. 8, 2024.  (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh, file) Why Michigan drivers will see higher gas prices in 2026 Read full article: Why Michigan drivers will see higher gas prices in 2026 Scammers impersonate law enforcement demanding bitcoin Monroe County Sheriff’s Office didn’t demand bitcoin from you Read full article: Monroe County Sheriff’s Office didn’t demand bitcoin from you FILE - A customer moves purchases at a Kroger grocery store in Flowood, Miss., June 26, 2019. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis, File) What’s open, closed on New Year’s Day in Michigan? Here’s a list Read full article: What’s open, closed on New Year’s Day in Michigan? Here’s a list FILE - Fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour to celebrate the start of 2025 at Tsim Sha Tsui in Hong Kong, Jan. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei, File) Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades Read full article: Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades Fireworks burst over the Sydney Harbour Bridge as New Year's celebrations begin in Sydney, Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. (AP Photo/Rick Rycroft) 17 minutes ago Asia rings in 2026 with Sydney remembering its worst mass shooting Read full article: Asia rings in 2026 with Sydney remembering its worst mass shooting Significant rise in arrests linked to violent crime and gangs FBI Detroit sees 120% arrest increase, disrupts violent crime and cyber threats in 2025 Read full article: FBI Detroit sees 120% arrest increase, disrupts violent crime and cyber threats in 2025 Detroit-Windsor Tunnel and the Ambassador Bridge Both Ambassador Bridge and Detroit-Windsor Tunnel to cost more in 2026 Read full article: Both Ambassador Bridge and Detroit-Windsor Tunnel to cost more in 2026 Law firm investigating ‘disturbing allegations’ from former residents Vista Maria lays off nearly 130 employees, ends residential program Read full article: Vista Maria lays off nearly 130 employees, ends residential program Get our weekly Go Guide events newsletter! Sign Up MORE HEADLINES Company plans dozens of Michigan locations in coming years Sheetz opens 4th Metro Detroit location as expansion continues Read full article: Sheetz opens 4th Metro Detroit location as expansion continues FILE - The Michigan Capitol building stands in Lansing, Mich., Dec. 12, 2012. Michigan Democrats continued efforts to protect abortion rights Wednesday, May 3, 2023, as the state Legislature advanced a bill that would outlaw companies from retaliating against employees for receiving abortions. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio, File) 1 day ago 4 Michigan laws that will take effect Jan. 1, 2026 Read full article: 4 Michigan laws that will take effect Jan. 1, 2026 FILE - Caroline Kennedy, ambassador of the United States to Australia, left, arrives with her husband, Edwin Schlossberg, center left, and her children, Tatiana Schlossberg, center right, and Jack Schlossberg, right, Sunday, Oct. 29, 2023, before the presentation ceremony for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne, File) Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Read full article: Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Trust your car’s systems in icy conditions to stay safe How to prepare your car for winter driving, avoid accidents, and handle EV cold-weather range loss Read full article: How to prepare your car for winter driving, avoid accidents, and handle EV cold-weather range loss Dale Warner accused of murder wife, Dee Warner Husband in Dee Warner murder case appeared in court today -- Here’s what happened Read full article: Husband in Dee Warner murder case appeared in court today -- Here’s what happened Light snow, sharp wind chills, and cold nights expected through the New Year Metro Detroit braces for more snow and frigid temps: What we’re tracking Read full article: Metro Detroit braces for more snow and frigid temps: What we’re tracking FILE - This 1978 electron microscope image made available by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows Legionella pneumophila bacteria which are responsible for causing the pneumonic disease Legionnaires' disease. Water system flushed, filters installed after Legionella found at Oakland County courthouse Read full article: Water system flushed, filters installed after Legionella found at Oakland County courthouse FILE - A certified medical assistant holds a syringe for a flu vaccine at a clinic in Seattle, on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2025. (AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson, File) Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here's what to know Read full article: Flu is rising rapidly, driven by a new variant. Here's what to know A Warren police car was hit in the afternoon on Sunday, Dec. 28, while officers were responding to a separate single-vehicle crash. While they were on the shoulder of the freeway, a 75-year-old man in a white Chevrolet Traverse crashed into the back of their patrol car. 1 day ago Warren police car hit on I-696 while officers responded to crash Read full article: Warren police car hit on I-696 while officers responded to crash An ice fisherman starts his auger before drilling a hole in the ice on Long Lake following yesterday's freezing rainstorm, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025, in Harrison, Maine. (AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty) Midwest hit with more extreme cold after winter storm Read full article: Midwest hit with more extreme cold after winter storm NATIONAL HEADLINES Former White House chief usher Gary Walters, author of "White House Memories," is interviewed about his book, in Washington, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2025. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) 51 minutes ago Trump isn't the 1st president to want more room to entertain, longtime White House usher says Read full article: Trump isn't the 1st president to want more room to entertain, longtime White House usher says FILE - President Donald Trump talks to the media as he walks to Marine One from the White House, Friday, Dec. 19, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson, File) 43 minutes ago A rough year for journalists in 2025, with a little hope for things to turn around Read full article: A rough year for journalists in 2025, with a little hope for things to turn around FILE - Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., left, New York City mayoral candidate Zohran Mamdani, center, and Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., appear on stage during a rally, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025, in New York. (AP Photo/Heather Khalifa, File) Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year Read full article: Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year FILE - State Sen. Michelle Benson reacts at a news conference on Wednesday, April 10, 2019 at the Minnesota State Capitol in St. Paul to a report by the state's legislative auditor on combatting fraud in Minnesota's Child Care Assistance Program. (AP Photo/Steve Karnowski,File) Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes Read full article: Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes A man walking on Bourbon Street holds a flag reading "Love" as an armored vehicle sits parked on a street in the French Quarter as part of a National Guard deployment for New Year's celebrations in New Orleans, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. National Guard arrives in New Orleans for 1st New Year's since Bourbon Street attack Read full article: National Guard arrives in New Orleans for 1st New Year's since Bourbon Street attack FILE - Lobsters are displayed on Sunday, Sept. 25, 2022, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File) Oysters, crab and $400,000 worth of lobster meat stolen in New England Read full article: Oysters, crab and $400,000 worth of lobster meat stolen in New England An ice fisherman starts his auger before drilling a hole in the ice on Long Lake following yesterday's freezing rainstorm, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025, in Harrison, Maine. (AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty) Midwest hit with more extreme cold after winter storm Read full article: Midwest hit with more extreme cold after winter storm FILE - Caroline Kennedy, ambassador of the United States to Australia, left, arrives with her husband, Edwin Schlossberg, center left, and her children, Tatiana Schlossberg, center right, and Jack Schlossberg, right, Sunday, Oct. 29, 2023, before the presentation ceremony for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne, File) Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 Read full article: Tatiana Schlossberg, a grandchild of the late President John F. Kennedy, has died at 35 FILE - Marching bands perform along Colorado Blvd. in the 136th Rose Parade, in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes, File) Roses in the rain? New Year's Day parade in Pasadena gets wet forecast. Bundle up for NYC ball drop Read full article: Roses in the rain? New Year's Day parade in Pasadena gets wet forecast. Bundle up for NYC ball drop FILE - Vehicles drive along Pennsylvania Ave. during rush hour traffic at sunrise Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2025, in Washington, with the U.S. Capitol in the background. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson, File) IRS increases 2026 business mileage rate by 2.5 cents Read full article: IRS increases 2026 business mileage rate by 2.5 cents FILE - An EBT SNAP sign is shown on a self check out screen at a grocery store in Mount Prospect, Ill., Saturday, Nov. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh, File) SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 Read full article: SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at Mar-a-Lago, Monday, Dec. 29, 2025, in Palm Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) U.S. sanctions 10 people and firms from Iran and Venezuela over drone and missile trade Read full article: U.S. sanctions 10 people and firms from Iran and Venezuela over drone and missile trade ENTERTAINMENT FILE - Fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour to celebrate the start of 2025 at Tsim Sha Tsui in Hong Kong, Jan. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei, File) Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades Read full article: Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades Peking Opera actress Zhang Wanting performs during a show at Jixiang Theatre in Beijing, China, Sunday, Sept. 7, 2025. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.) In a breakneck digital era, the ancient art of Peking opera works hard to keep flourishing Read full article: In a breakneck digital era, the ancient art of Peking opera works hard to keep flourishing FILE - President Donald Trump talks to the media as he walks to Marine One from the White House, Friday, Dec. 19, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson, File) 43 minutes ago A rough year for journalists in 2025, with a little hope for things to turn around Read full article: A rough year for journalists in 2025, with a little hope for things to turn around METRO DETROIT EVENTS Have a news tip? Share with the Local 4 team 4WARN WEATHER Cloud cover sticks around the forecast through the rest of the week and into the weekend as well More accumulating snow for Metro Detroit on New Year’s Eve Read full article: More accumulating snow for Metro Detroit on New Year’s Eve Cloud cover sticks around the forecast through the rest of the week and into the weekend as well Get your weather delivered to your inbox every morning! Sign Up WORLD NEWS FILE -The shadow of a Royal New Zealand Air Force P3 Orion is seen on low level cloud while the aircraft searches for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 in the southern Indian Ocean, near the coast of Western Australia, March 31, 2014. (AP Photo/Rob Griffith, File) 51 minutes ago What to know about the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as the search resumes Read full article: What to know about the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as the search resumes Residents use their smartphones to film a large screen at a shopping mall showing CCTV broadcasting Chinese President Xi Jinping delivering his 2026 New Year message, in Beijing, Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. (AP Photo/Andy Wong) 57 minutes ago China announces it 'successfully completed' Taiwan military maneuvers Read full article: China announces it 'successfully completed' Taiwan military maneuvers FILE - Flight officer Rayan Gharazeddine scans the water in the southern Indian Ocean off Australia from a Royal Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion during a search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 on March 22, 2014. (AP Photo/Rob Griffith, File)wld Latest deep-sea search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 gets underway Read full article: Latest deep-sea search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 gets underway Fireworks burst over the Sydney Harbour Bridge as New Year's celebrations begin in Sydney, Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. (AP Photo/Rick Rycroft) 17 minutes ago Asia rings in 2026 with Sydney remembering its worst mass shooting Read full article: Asia rings in 2026 with Sydney remembering its worst mass shooting In this photo provided by the Ukrainian Emergency Service, emergency services personnel work to extinguish a fire following a Russian attack in Odesa, Ukraine, Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. (Ukrainian Emergency Service via AP) 28 minutes ago Russian drone attack on Ukraine's Odesa injures 6, including children Read full article: Russian drone attack on Ukraine's Odesa injures 6, including children FILE - Fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour to celebrate the start of 2025 at Tsim Sha Tsui in Hong Kong, Jan. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei, File) Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades Read full article: Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades MORE HEADLINES FILE - "Help Wanted" sign is displayed at a dry cleaner in Rolling Meadows, Ill., Thursday, May 15, 2025. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh, file) 13 minutes ago US applications for jobless benefits fell below 200,000 last week with layoffs historically low Read full article: US applications for jobless benefits fell below 200,000 last week with layoffs historically low Former White House chief usher Gary Walters, author of "White House Memories," is interviewed about his book, in Washington, Thursday, Dec. 4, 2025. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) 51 minutes ago Trump isn't the 1st president to want more room to entertain, longtime White House usher says Read full article: Trump isn't the 1st president to want more room to entertain, longtime White House usher says FILE - This image provided by America250 in December 2025 shows the New Year's Eve ball designed for the U.S.'s 250th year. (Eli Ritter/America250 via AP,File) 52 minutes ago The nation's 250th anniversary arrives with a call for year-round community service Read full article: The nation's 250th anniversary arrives with a call for year-round community service FILE -The shadow of a Royal New Zealand Air Force P3 Orion is seen on low level cloud while the aircraft searches for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 in the southern Indian Ocean, near the coast of Western Australia, March 31, 2014. (AP Photo/Rob Griffith, File) 51 minutes ago What to know about the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as the search resumes Read full article: What to know about the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as the search resumes This photo provided by Toyota shows the Prius Plug-in Hybrid, an affordable and surprisingly sporty plug-in hybrid with excellent fuel economy. (Nathan Leach-Proffer/Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. via AP) These are the best plug-in hybrids for under $55,000 Read full article: These are the best plug-in hybrids for under $55,000 Residents use their smartphones to film a large screen at a shopping mall showing CCTV broadcasting Chinese President Xi Jinping delivering his 2026 New Year message, in Beijing, Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. (AP Photo/Andy Wong) 57 minutes ago China announces it 'successfully completed' Taiwan military maneuvers Read full article: China announces it 'successfully completed' Taiwan military maneuvers FILE - Flight officer Rayan Gharazeddine scans the water in the southern Indian Ocean off Australia from a Royal Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion during a search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 on March 22, 2014. (AP Photo/Rob Griffith, File)wld Latest deep-sea search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 gets underway Read full article: Latest deep-sea search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 gets underway Suspect arrested Man killed, another injured in shooting on Detroit’s west side Read full article: Man killed, another injured in shooting on Detroit’s west side Suspect arrested Man killed, another injured in shooting on Detroit’s west side Read full article: Man killed, another injured in shooting on Detroit’s west side Fireworks burst over the Sydney Harbour Bridge as New Year's celebrations begin in Sydney, Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. (AP Photo/Rick Rycroft) 17 minutes ago Asia rings in 2026 with Sydney remembering its worst mass shooting Read full article: Asia rings in 2026 with Sydney remembering its worst mass shooting Cloud cover sticks around the forecast through the rest of the week and into the weekend as well More accumulating snow for Metro Detroit on New Year’s Eve Read full article: More accumulating snow for Metro Detroit on New Year’s Eve In this photo provided by the Ukrainian Emergency Service, emergency services personnel work to extinguish a fire following a Russian attack in Odesa, Ukraine, Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. (Ukrainian Emergency Service via AP) 28 minutes ago Russian drone attack on Ukraine's Odesa injures 6, including children Read full article: Russian drone attack on Ukraine's Odesa injures 6, including children Scammers impersonate law enforcement demanding bitcoin Monroe County Sheriff’s Office didn’t demand bitcoin from you Read full article: Monroe County Sheriff’s Office didn’t demand bitcoin from you FILE - A customer pumps gas at a gas station in Mundelein, Ill., Feb. 8, 2024.  (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh, file) Why Michigan drivers will see higher gas prices in 2026 Read full article: Why Michigan drivers will see higher gas prices in 2026 FILE - A customer moves purchases at a Kroger grocery store in Flowood, Miss., June 26, 2019. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis, File) What’s open, closed on New Year’s Day in Michigan? Here’s a list Read full article: What’s open, closed on New Year’s Day in Michigan? Here’s a list Travellers wait for Eurostar services at St Pancras International station in London, Tuesday, Dec. 30, 2025. (AP Photo/Alberto Pezzali) Channel Tunnel power malfunction fixed, but rail delays linger Read full article: Channel Tunnel power malfunction fixed, but rail delays linger FILE - Fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour to celebrate the start of 2025 at Tsim Sha Tsui in Hong Kong, Jan. 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei, File) Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades Read full article: Hong Kong rings in 2026 without fireworks after deadliest blaze in decades A health worker administers a polio vaccine to a child at a neighbourhood in Karachi, Pakistan, Monday, Monday, Dec. 15, 2025. (AP Photo/Fareed Khan) Pakistan's polio cases fell by half in 2025 despite attacks on vaccination teams Read full article: Pakistan's polio cases fell by half in 2025 despite attacks on vaccination teams Peking Opera actress Zhang Wanting performs during a show at Jixiang Theatre in Beijing, China, Sunday, Sept. 7, 2025. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.) In a breakneck digital era, the ancient art of Peking opera works hard to keep flourishing Read full article: In a breakneck digital era, the ancient art of Peking opera works hard to keep flourishing FILE - President Donald Trump talks to the media as he walks to Marine One from the White House, Friday, Dec. 19, 2025, in Washington. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson, File) 43 minutes ago A rough year for journalists in 2025, with a little hope for things to turn around Read full article: A rough year for journalists in 2025, with a little hope for things to turn around In this photo released by Agence Kampuchea Press (AKP), Cambodian soldiers, center, arrive after being captured and held by the Thai army, at Prum border gate, in Pailin province, Cambodia, Wednesday, Dec. 31, 2025. (AKP via AP) Thailand releases 18 Cambodian prisoners of war as part of ceasefire agreement Read full article: Thailand releases 18 Cambodian prisoners of war as part of ceasefire agreement A vendor sells hot drinks in Beijing, Thursday, Dec. 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) China factory activity picks up in December as orders rebound ahead of holidays Read full article: China factory activity picks up in December as orders rebound ahead of holidays FILE - Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., left, New York City mayoral candidate Zohran Mamdani, center, and Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., appear on stage during a rally, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025, in New York. (AP Photo/Heather Khalifa, File) Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year Read full article: Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year The Vanke logo is seen on a commercial complex in Beijing, China, Wednesday, Dec. 24, 2025. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) China Vanke's near-default exposes fragility of the faltering recovery in the property industry Read full article: China Vanke's near-default exposes fragility of the faltering recovery in the property industry President Donald Trump listens during a news conference with Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at Mar-a-Lago, Monday, Dec. 29, 2025, in Palm Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) CIA behind strike at Venezuelan dock that Trump claims was used by drug smugglers, AP sources say Read full article: CIA behind strike at Venezuelan dock that Trump claims was used by drug smugglers, AP sources say Significant rise in arrests linked to violent crime and gangs FBI Detroit sees 120% arrest increase, disrupts violent crime and cyber threats in 2025 Read full article: FBI Detroit sees 120% arrest increase, disrupts violent crime and cyber threats in 2025 Specialist Glenn Carell, left, and trader Robert Charmak work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, Dec. 11, 2025. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) 33 minutes ago Wall Street ticks lower in light trading ahead of the final opening bell of 2025 Read full article: Wall Street ticks lower in light trading ahead of the final opening bell of 2025 FILE - Actor Isiah Whitlock Jr. poses at the premiere of "Cedar Rapids" during the 2011 Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah, Jan. 23, 2011. (AP Photo/Danny Moloshok, File) Isiah Whitlock Jr., actor from 'The Wire,' 'Veep' and Spike Lee films, dies at 71 Read full article: Isiah Whitlock Jr., actor from 'The Wire,' 'Veep' and Spike Lee films, dies at 71 FILE - The Burkina Faso nationals flag with a man standing in front of it is seen during a memorial ceremony in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, Jan. 23, 2016. (AP Photo/Theo Renaut, File) Mali and Burkina Faso impose retaliatory travel ban on US nationals Read full article: Mali and Burkina Faso impose retaliatory travel ban on US nationals Detroit-Windsor Tunnel and the Ambassador Bridge Both Ambassador Bridge and Detroit-Windsor Tunnel to cost more in 2026 Read full article: Both Ambassador Bridge and Detroit-Windsor Tunnel to cost more in 2026 Light snow moves into Southeast Michigan Tuesday night and another round will impact the region starting midday Wednesday. General accumulations around an inch are possible from each round. (WDIV) Snow returns ahead of bitter cold for New Year’s Eve celebrations in Metro Detroit Read full article: Snow returns ahead of bitter cold for New Year’s Eve celebrations in Metro Detroit FILE - State Sen. Michelle Benson reacts at a news conference on Wednesday, April 10, 2019 at the Minnesota State Capitol in St. Paul to a report by the state's legislative auditor on combatting fraud in Minnesota's Child Care Assistance Program. (AP Photo/Steve Karnowski,File) Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes Read full article: Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes BACK TO TOP TV Listings Email Newsletters RSS Feeds Contests and Rules Contact Us Careers at WDIV Closed Captioning / Audio Description Public File Current EEO Report Terms of Use Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info FCC Applications Cookie Preferences Follow Us Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab) Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab) Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab) Visit our X page (opens in a new tab) Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab) Get Results With Omne If you need help with the Public File, call (313) 222-0566 At WDIV, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence. Copyright © 2025 ClickOnDetroit.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.