Climate Central About us About us Programs Team Press releases Our work Maps Tools Content Special Projects Data products Climate Shift Index The Climate Shift Index (CSI), Climate Central’s daily temperature attribution system, applies the latest peer-reviewed methodology to map the influence of climate change on temperatures across the globe, every day. Coastal Risk Screening Tool Explore local sea level rise and coastal flooding risks worldwide with maps that use the most advanced available global model of coastal elevations. Climate Shift Index: Ocean The Climate Shift Index: Ocean (Ocean CSI) applies peer-reviewed science to quantify the influence of climate change on daily sea surface temperatures across the world's oceans. Climate Shift Index: Tropical Cyclones The Climate Shift Index: Tropical Cyclones (Tropical Cyclone CSI) applies peer-reviewed science to quantify how climate change affects the strength of tropical cyclones. Tools Local Climate Information U.S. Billion-Dollar Weather and Climate Disasters Coastal Risk Finder Global Climate Shift Index FloodVision RiskViewer Impact Stories Research Donate Resources Open search box Search Open search box Explore your climate story Enter your city or state Climate change is global but the impacts are local. Search your city or state to learn the many ways a warming world is affecting your place now. U.S. Billion-Dollar Weather & Climate Disasters: Explore this publicly accessible database on the rising toll of weather and climate disasters. Climate Central researches and communicates climate change impacts and solutions We use science and technology to generate thousands of local storylines and compelling visuals that make climate change personal and show what can be done about it. Science made clear Helping journalists bring climate science into reporting Climate Matters Exploration made easy Powerful tools to understand impacts and solutions Coastal Risk Screening Tool Explore local sea level rise and coastal flooding risks worldwide with maps that use the most advanced available global model of coastal elevations Coastal Risk Screening Tool Explore local sea level rise and coastal flooding risks worldwide with maps that use the most advanced available global model of coastal elevations Global Climate Shift Index See the daily influence of climate change on local temperatures around the world. Global Climate Shift Index See the daily influence of climate change on local temperatures around the world. Climate Shift Index: Ocean The Climate Shift Index: Ocean quantifies the influence of climate change on sea surface temperatures. It’s grounded in peer-reviewed attribution science and was launched by Climate Central in 2024. Climate Shift Index: Ocean The Climate Shift Index: Ocean quantifies the influence of climate change on sea surface temperatures. It’s grounded in peer-reviewed attribution science and was launched by Climate Central in 2024. Picturing Our Future Visualize how climate and energy choices this decade will influence sea levels for hundreds of years. Picturing Our Future Visualize how climate and energy choices this decade will influence sea levels for hundreds of years. Sinking Tax Base Quantify the impact of sea level rise on county tax bases as property lines move inland. Sinking Tax Base Quantify the impact of sea level rise on county tax bases as property lines move inland. Weather Power Create and download graphical forecasts of daily wind or solar electricity generation for any U.S. media market, county, or congressional district Weather Power Create and download graphical forecasts of daily wind or solar electricity generation for any U.S. media market, county, or congressional district Risk Finder Explore the risks of sea level rise and coastal flooding in any U.S. community with downloadable tables and figures, maps, local projections, and potential impacts to populations, land, property values, and more Risk Finder Explore the risks of sea level rise and coastal flooding in any U.S. community with downloadable tables and figures, maps, local projections, and potential impacts to populations, land, property values, and more Coastal Risk Screening Tool Explore local sea level rise and coastal flooding risks worldwide with maps that use the most advanced available global model of coastal elevations Coastal Risk Screening Tool Explore local sea level rise and coastal flooding risks worldwide with maps that use the most advanced available global model of coastal elevations Global Climate Shift Index See the daily influence of climate change on local temperatures around the world. Global Climate Shift Index See the daily influence of climate change on local temperatures around the world. Climate Shift Index: Ocean The Climate Shift Index: Ocean quantifies the influence of climate change on sea surface temperatures. It’s grounded in peer-reviewed attribution science and was launched by Climate Central in 2024. Climate Shift Index: Ocean The Climate Shift Index: Ocean quantifies the influence of climate change on sea surface temperatures. It’s grounded in peer-reviewed attribution science and was launched by Climate Central in 2024. Picturing Our Future Visualize how climate and energy choices this decade will influence sea levels for hundreds of years. Picturing Our Future Visualize how climate and energy choices this decade will influence sea levels for hundreds of years. Sinking Tax Base Quantify the impact of sea level rise on county tax bases as property lines move inland. Sinking Tax Base Quantify the impact of sea level rise on county tax bases as property lines move inland. Weather Power Create and download graphical forecasts of daily wind or solar electricity generation for any U.S. media market, county, or congressional district Weather Power Create and download graphical forecasts of daily wind or solar electricity generation for any U.S. media market, county, or congressional district Risk Finder Explore the risks of sea level rise and coastal flooding in any U.S. community with downloadable tables and figures, maps, local projections, and potential impacts to populations, land, property values, and more Risk Finder Explore the risks of sea level rise and coastal flooding in any U.S. community with downloadable tables and figures, maps, local projections, and potential impacts to populations, land, property values, and more Coastal Risk Screening Tool Explore local sea level rise and coastal flooding risks worldwide with maps that use the most advanced available global model of coastal elevations Coastal Risk Screening Tool Explore local sea level rise and coastal flooding risks worldwide with maps that use the most advanced available global model of coastal elevations Realtime reporting resources Production-ready, localized visuals just a click away Explore all Climate Matters materials in our resource library Climate Matters Study: Ocean warming has intensified recent hurricanes Climate Central’s recently published study shows climate change increased the intensity for most Atlantic hurricanes between 2019 and 2023 –- and for every storm so far in 2024. Climate Matters Paris: 100 Years of Olympic Warming Risky heat has been on the rise in Paris since the city hosted the 1924 Games. Climate Matters Weather-related Power Outages Rising Climate change boosts the frequency and intensity of extreme weather that wreaks havoc on the power grid. Climate Matters Urban Heat Hot Spots in 65 Cities New Climate Central analysis shows where urban heat is most intense in 65 major cities that account for 15% of the U.S. population. Climate Matters A Decade of U.S. Solar Growth The U.S. produced more solar power in 2023 than ever before – part of a decade-long growth trend for renewable energy. Climate Matters Warming Climate, More Pollen, Worse Allergies Climate change is making pollen season longer and more intense, worsening health effects for millions of Americans with seasonal allergies and asthma — including children. Climate Matters Severe Storm Super Hazards Past and projected future trends in destructive and deadly severe storm hazards including nighttime tornadoes and large hail. High-impact news collaborations Partnerships supporting local newsrooms with world-class resources Learn more Fire weather extremes make prescribed burns riskier, but more essential than ever (With KUNR) Partnership Journalism December 12, 2022 The Rural Americans Too Poor for Federal Flood Protections (with The Daily Yonder) Partnership Journalism August 12, 2024 Schools in Deep Water: Bay Area Faces Uphill Battle Against Climate Change (With KQED) Partnership Journalism August 4, 2024 Black Detroit children with asthma hardest hit by seasonal allergies (With Bridge Detriot) Partnership Journalism June 16, 2024 Flooding and mold multiply damage from Maine’s harsher storms (With Bangor Daily News) Partnership Journalism March 18, 2024 Last year’s Canadian wildfire smoke may have killed more than 100 in Michigan alone (With Planet Detroit) Partnership Journalism May 28, 2024 Wind of Change: Energy Blows Across Nebraska Thanks to Wind Farms (With The Reader) Partnership Journalism April 10, 2023 Surviving the Water: New York City’s Flooding Crisis in the Age of Climate Change (With Documented) Partnership Journalism April 5, 2023 The View from Above: Climate Change Poses Threats to Nebraska’s Birds — And People (With The Reader) Partnership Journalism March 13, 2023 US coastal wetlands are rapidly disappearing. Here's what it'll take to save them (With Quartz) Partnership Journalism March 1, 2023 A world made safer for all Critical work in support of socially and economically disadvantaged groups Learn more Custom email signup Get updates, media alerts, and climate reporting resources Sign up Support our work There are lots of ways to help fund Climate Central today Learn more Contact Us Careers Donate Financials Funders Instagram Facebook X YouTube LinkedIn Bluesky Copyright © 2025 Climate Central Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 26-1797336 Terms of use Privacy policy Editorial independence