Allied Health Practice Management Software - Cliniko This site works best with JavaScript enabled. Cliniko Main navigation Home Features Pricing Security Connected apps Help Log in Get started Log in Get started Home Features Pricing Security Connected apps Help Software for people who care Cliniko is practice management software for clinics and allied health practitioners. Jam-packed with heaps of great features, it will help you to manage your schedule, treatment records, invoices, payments, and lots, lots more. Explore the features Transparent pricing Fair & transparent pricing Cliniko is practice management software that's free to try for the first 30 days. After that, your subscription is based on how many practitioners work at your clinic. Fairness and transparency are at the heart of our pricing, so you'll never encounter any hidden fees and we've laid out everything you need to know right here. Find out more about pricing Monthly price by number of practitioners 1 practitioner $45 /mo 2 to 5 practitioners $95 /mo 6 to 8 practitioners $145 /mo 9 to 12 practitioners $195 /mo 13 to 25 practitioners $295 /mo 26 to 200 practitioners $395 /mo Increase or Decrease the number of practitioners Less practitioners - More practitioners + 1 practitioner $45 /mo Prices are in United States dollars (USD) . SMS credits are 10¢ per message. Your records are safe with Cliniko Practitioners trust Cliniko with the safe-keeping of millions of confidential client records every day. Security isn’t just fine-print for us: it’s a central feature and shapes every decision we make. Find out how Cliniko keeps your data secure Unlimited free support All Cliniko customers benefit from free online chat and email support, provided by a knowledgeable round-the-clock support team. We also have a very active online allied health community and support forum where you can engage with other healthcare professionals. Learn about Cliniko support Add extra features with Connected apps Connected apps expand the functionality of Cliniko. Sync your client list with MailChimp to create targeted email campaigns, sync your Cliniko financial records with Xero, and much more. See what apps you can connect with Cliniko Cliniko news & updates Visit the Cliniko blog Cliniko news & releases What's new with Cliniko—October 2025 Keep up to date with all the latest Cliniko news and feature releases from October 2025! Work culture Why you shouldn't use ChatGPT in your job applications Love it or hate it, AI is here in a big way. But whatever your thoughts on it, using it isn’t your best strategy if you’re applying for a job at Cliniko! Cliniko news & releases Use forms to automatically update your patient details! When a patient fills out a form, their details in Cliniko can now be automatically updated. This reduces the need for you to copy data across from one place to another yourself—learn how you can let Cliniko do it for you. 2% of all Cliniko subscriptions are donated to charity. It's important to us that we’re making the world a little bit better. By donating at least 2% of all subscriptions to carefully selected charities, we ensure that by choosing Cliniko, you’re also doing your bit. Together we can make a tangible difference in people's lives that need it. Find out about our charitable donations Free for 30 days Create an account to get full access to Cliniko. You’ll only be charged if you choose not to cancel your subscription at the end of your 30-day trial. Try Cliniko for free Contact and other links Cliniko is a leading practice management system for clinics and allied health practitioners. Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Cliniko Features Pricing Security Connected apps Cliniko reviews Clinic stories Refer a friend Comparisons Charity Jobs Our story Resources Blog Educational events System status Developer API Brand assets Policies Tools Support Community forum Help centre info@cliniko.com FAQ Cliniko is a leading practice management system for clinics and allied health practitioners. Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Youtube