Clipcentric Display Advertising Production Publishers Brands Platform Ad Gallery Services Resources About Log In Your Dashboard Sign Up Publishers Brands Platform Ad Gallery Services Resources About Log In Your Dashboard Sign Up Flawless premium display ads we are the INGENUITY behind advertising's best impressions Flawless premium display ads we are the INGENUITY behind advertising's best impressions Clipcentric's platform for creative production, automation, and optimization powers premium display advertising across web, mobile, CTV, and more. Watch the video Trusted by top publishers and brands Publishers Drive revenue by taking charge of your ad products portfolio Standard, simple, sophisticated, or sublime, optimize your ad products portfolio with direct sold formats that earn more and perform better, all built and powered by Clipcentric's platform. Exceptional Technology Purpose-built for premium display ads Create responsive ads for any environment Data-driven ads that maximize your first party data Incredible Flexibility Templated ad builds or totally custom units Powerful features easily added with a click Complete control of the creative process Phenomenal Turnaround Easily turn mocks and ideas into demo ads Custom support team keeps campaigns flying Our ad engineering team breaks through barriers Baked-in Expertise Deep understanding of the complexity of display ads Built-in tools to optimize ads for performance Decades of expertise embedded throughout the platform Request A Demo Brands Build ad units that engage, convert, and win Clipcentric makes it easy for brands to build interactive, dynamic features that work across all devices and ad formats. Our platform can handle anything you can imagine, so creativity never takes a backseat to technology. This browser does not display the video tag. Truly Interactive Ad Features Auto-adjust ads based on weather, time, location, or real-time data feeds Create game-based ads like scratch-off, quizzes, countdown clocks Drive commerce with maps, store locators, product carousels Interactive HTML5, video, on-scroll animation, SMS or email from ad unit Purpose-Built, Proven Platform Dynamic creative optimization adjusts to only serve high performing ads Clipcentric ad tags compatible with all industry serving standards Fast, flexible ads that incorporate evolving privacy standards Incredible reporting and tracking flexibility, including third-party integration to go beyond views & clicks Request A Demo Unlimited Ad Formats Clipcentric simplifies the production of any ad format, from industry standards to your own proprietary formats. If you've seen it or can imagine it, you can create it at scale with Clipcentric. Filters Clear All Collection Device Format Feature Vertical Apply Filters Your search returned zero results. Super Billboard Sony Animation, Responsive, Video Billboard Old Navy Animation, Data Driven Scroller Ad Motorola Animate on Scroll Interactive Carousel Amazon Carousel, QR Code, VAST, Video Full Page ABC Animation, Video Vertical Video Nike Video Previous of 1 pages Enter valid page number Next View Ad Gallery Build it once, display it perfectly in any device or environment Explore Responsive Ads Interactive CTV ads that engage viewers and perform for advertisers Explore CTV Ads Small screen savvy with ad formats that deliver scroll-stopping attention Explore Mobile Ads The Clipcentric Ad Studio The Clipcentric Ad Studio Simple, layer-based design tools and an array of prebuilt templates and formats speed up workflows whether you're creating standard ads or completely customized executions. Clipcentric ad tags are compatible with every industry serving technology and automatically sync parameters to give you robust and customized reporting beyond impressions and clicks. Watch the Video Request a Demo Creative Control Intuitive interface lets designers produce sophisticated HTML5 animations Device-specific workspaces ensure true responsiveness of ad units Build any ad using our templates, your own formats, or develop custom executions Streamline and centralize workflows across distributed teams to ensure consistency Dynamic Delivered Automatic Thompson Sampling optimizes ad in real-time to maximize performance Functionality delivered from right within the ad, no need to engage your own tech team Built-in QA and dynamic versioning ensure the right ads run and run flawlessly Superior functionality without bloated code libraries keep load times snappy Metrics Your Way Add your own custom tracking parameters Automatic syncing with ad server parameters like Line ID and Creative ID so you can verify your metrics Incorporate any third-party tracking metrics alongside ours Real-time views of campaign optimization Our Ingenuity Powers Your Results Hundreds of thousands of campaigns, millions of ad units, billions of impressions. Industry insights and customer stories . See All Resources "We continue to be impressed with how flawlessly the tools work for us on a daily basis. Best vendor switch ever! " Jennifer Dragon Director Creative Services Cox Media Group "Clipcentric has become a valued partner to AMI, with excellent customer service and the willingness to go the extra mile. " Paul Likins VP Revenue Operations a360 Media "Our relationship with Clipcentric has been great; anything we've asked for, they've come through on. " Jay Kaplan Ad Operations Manager Rolling Stone About Clipcentric The Clipcentric Ad Studio is a powerful platform for the production and management of premium digital display advertisements. After founding AdInterax, a pioneer in early display advertising technology, and selling it to Yahoo!, Marcus Doemling and Peter Matsuo together started Clipcentric in 2014. Our talented team of designers and software engineers are behind award-winning digital ad campaigns run by top publishers and brands such as Nike, Pepsi, Hyundai, Chipotle, Audi, and more. We're committed to building superior, flexible ad technology backed by great customer service. We Are Hiring Get in touch ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! By clicking "Send Us a Note" below, you are consenting that Clipcentric may store your Personal Data and use it to contact you regarding the topic selected above. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect, store and use Personal Data. Send Us a Note We Are Hiring Send Us a Note Terms of Use | Privacy Policy ® Clipcentric, Inc. 2012- 2025 . All Rights Reserved. North America Clipcentric, Inc. 915 Broadway, Ste 2E Albany, NY 12207 USA Clipcentric, Inc. 401 Park So. 10th Fl New York, NY 10016 USA Clipcentric, Inc. 19925 Stevens Creek Blvd, Ste 100 Cupertino, CA 95014 USA Europe Clipcentric GmbH Ritterstraße 39 22089 Hamburg Germany General Inquiries (800) 653-5604 M-F 9 -5 US ET Terms of Use | Privacy Policy ® Clipcentric, Inc. 2012- 2025 . All Rights Reserved. Welcome Please enter your invitation code to continue ! Continue Need an invitation code? Contact Us! Welcome Please login to continue ! Continue Continue Forgot Password Forgot User ID Contact Us ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! By clicking "Send Us a Note" below, you are consenting that Clipcentric may store your Personal Data and use it to contact you regarding the topic selected above. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect, store and use Personal Data. Send Us a Note Clipcentric uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience. By using this website or closing this notice, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy . | Dismiss ×