Clipto.AI - Your Private Media Management Assistant Christmas & New Year Sale - Transcribe, Record, Summarize & Download with AI Save Now Home Features AI-Transcription Video to text Audio to text Transcribe & Translation YouTube Transcript Generator Video Downloader YouTube Video Downloader TikTok Video Downloader Instagram Video Downloader Twitter(X.com) Video Downloader All Features Pricing Join Affiliate Resources Blogs Help Center Log In Start FREE Trial Fuel Innovation, Master Efficiency The Last Missing Piece for Your Content Creation Workflow Sign Up for Early Access We're trusted by some of the best Under the hood: groundbreaking On Device AI technology Clipto.AI develops all the world class AI algorithms and puts them into a native app Running on the powerful chips, you not only get instant responses for all your operations but also the highest level of privacy and security. Locked Down, Liberated Your data never leaves your computer unless you choose to. No network? No problem. Work anywhere you like, without limits! Fully Customizable You have a ton of customization options, choosing the service that best suit your needs. Integrates seamlessly with all your media sources. Clipto.AI works with all common storage systems, whether locally or in the cloud. What our user say They like it and believe you will like it too，Try all the features of Clipto for free now. I conduct a lot of interviews and usability tests. I need to transcribe the audio recordings to analyze and share the insights. Clipto transcribes audio in minutes. It’s very accurate and affordable. Clipto helps me streamline my research process and deliver better results. Clipto is definitely the best transcription tool out there. Olivia Williams Hiring manager As a business owner, I use Zoom to communicate with my clients and partners. But sometimes I need to review the conversations or share them with others. Clipto transcribes any Zoom meeting in minutes. It’s very reliable and affordable, and it supports multiple languages and formats. Clipto helps me keep track of my Zoom meetings and save time and money! I would recommend Clipto for any Zoom users. Mateo García Business Owner Clipto is an amazing tool that makes subtitles for any video, in any language and format. It’s very simple to use and very cheap. I use Clipto for my webinars and I’m very happy with the outcome. Clipto is the ultimate tool for subtitles and transcriptions. Emma Jones Online Educator Clipto is a fantastic for transcription. It generates accurate transcription for any video in minutes. It’s very easy to use and very affordable. I use Clipto for my online courses and I’m very impressed with the quality and speed. Clipto is a must-have! Min-Joon Park Student Clipto.AI is genuinely impressive! The user-friendly feature and overall performance (speed, accuracy) are outstanding. Highly recommend! 🌟 #AIPowered #Transcription @CliptoAI Junior Garcia Designer You might also like AI Transcription Online Video Transcript Generator Video Transcription Online Audio Transcription Online TikTok Transcription Tool Convert Video and Audio to Text Youtube Video Transcript Podcast Transcription Court Transcription Instagram video transcript Translate French audio to English Translate Audio to English​ Note Taking software Interview Transcription Legal Transcription Translate Portuguese Audio to English Translate Spanish Audio to English Translate Audio to Text Audio to Text Converter Convert MP4 To Text Convert MP3 To Text Youtube Shorts transcription Tool Youtube Transcription Generator Convert English Video Audio To Chinese Text Speech to text free Convert MP3 to SRT Convert MP4 to SRT Product All features Pricing Transcription Tools Video Transcription Online Audio Transcription Online Transcribe Instagram to Text Transcribe TikTok to Text Convert Mp3 to Text Convert Mp4 to Text Convert Speech to Text Podcast Transcription Interview Transcription Tool Lecture Transcription Online Meeting Transcription Online Downloader Tools YouTube Video Downloader YouTube Audio Downloader YouTube Shorts Downloader YouTube to Mp3 Converter YouTube to Mp4 Converter Youtube Converter Instagram Video Downloader TikTok Video Downloader Twitter(X.com) Video Downloader Company Blogs Help Center Join Affiliate Product All features Pricing Transcription Tools Video Transcription Online Audio Transcription Online Transcribe Instagram to Text Transcribe TikTok to Text Convert Mp3 to Text Convert Mp4 to Text Convert Speech to Text Podcast Transcription Interview Transcription Tool Lecture Transcription Online Meeting Transcription Online Downloader Tools YouTube Video Downloader YouTube Audio Downloader YouTube Shorts Downloader YouTube to Mp3 Converter YouTube to Mp4 Converter Youtube Converter Instagram Video Downloader TikTok Video Downloader Twitter(X.com) Video Downloader Company Blogs Help Center Join Affiliate © 2025 Clipto, Inc. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Latest Writings They like it and believe you will like it too，Try all the features of Clipto for free now 16 Jun 2025 9 min to read How to Download an Instagram Video: Easy Methods for Content Creators and Marketers With Instagram Reels and Stories attracting over 500 million daily users, video content is now at the heart of how people connect, discover, and share. But what happens when you come across a powerful or inspiring video, only to realize that Instagram doesn’t offer a built-in way to download it? Whether you’re a digital marketer […] Transcription Resources 12 Jun 2025 11 min to read Essential Tools for Digital Creators in 2025: Streamline Your Workflow Like a Pro Digital creators, formerly known as content creators, have evolved into key drivers of influence and engagement in today’s digital landscape. A digital creator is more than just someone who posts videos or writes blog articles; they’re architects of influence, shaping culture one post, reel, or podcast at a time. Whether they’re capturing moments through photography, […] audio transcription mac tools 05 Jun 2025 11 min to read Essential Tools for Digital Creators in 2025: Streamline Your Workflow Like a Pro Digital creators, formerly known as content creators, have evolved into key drivers of influence and engagement in today’s digital landscape. A digital creator is more than just someone who posts videos or writes blog articles; they’re architects of influence, shaping culture one post, reel, or podcast at a time. Whether they’re capturing moments through photography, […] audio transcription mac tools