Online video editor by Microsoft Clipchamp Features What's new Video editor AI video editing Camera recorder Screen recorder AI text to speech Voice and audio recorder AI subtitle generator Green screen Video trimmer Video cropper Video resizer Video overlay Video enhancer AI audio enhancer Brand kit tool Stickers and emojis Audio visualizer GIF maker AI background removal All features Create YouTube videos YouTube Shorts TikTok videos Instagram videos Instagram Reels Facebook video ads Promo videos Demo videos Gaming videos Meme videos Slideshow videos Video templates YouTube templates Content library For work Clipchamp for work Clipchamp for education Learn Blog Training center Clipchamp community Support Pricing About About us Our products Work with us Sign in Try for free Features Create For work Learn Pricing About Sign in Try for free Quick and easy video editor Record, edit, and share HD videos online using AI video editing tools, no expertise required. Create a video Online camera, screen, and voice recorder Record audio, screen, and webcam securely, using Windows and Mac devices. Enjoy unlimited retakes, improve sound and video quality with AI tools, and export audio and video in HD quality. Learn more about online recording tools Smart AI subtitle generator Improve video accessibility by generating accurate AI captions in over 80 global languages. Easily transcribe video audio in seconds, edit the style, font, and colors of subtitles, then export engaging videos in high-quality for free. Learn more about adding subtitles to videos Natural AI voiceover generator Turn text into lifelike speech to create realistic AI voiceovers for any video. Select from a wide range of global languages, choose a unique voice, and edit pitch and pace to accurately turn script into narration. Learn more about AI text to speech Intuitive AI audio editing tools Enhance voice clarity in videos and audio by removing background noise, unwanted pauses and silences, and eliminating filler words with AI editing techniques. Instantly improve meeting recordings, vlogs, and video presentations without losing quality to impress viewers. Learn more about cleaning up audio Explore royalty-free stock assets Create without limits with high-quality stock videos, images, music, stickers, GIFs, and sound effects. Add royalty-free assets in different genres to suit videos for work, school, or social media. Navigate to the content library on the toolbar to browse curated collections and find the perfect clips for any video. Find royalty-free stock assets Safe and secure video sharing Record, edit, and share videos confidently and securely with your privacy guaranteed . Export an unlimited number of videos and audio files in HD quality, without any watermarks. Start editing and sharing videos now Edit professional videos from anywhere In-browser app Clipchamp video editor lets you create professional videos from your web browser, without needing to download any software. Use the pro video maker to access recording tools, video templates, and AI editing features all in the one place. Make a video now Desktop app Find Clipchamp video editor in the Start menu on Windows 11 or download for Windows 10 from the Microsoft Store . Premium video editing features are available with a Microsoft 365 subscription. Download for Windows iOS app Create videos from any location, anytime, with type: entry-hyperlink id: 4aSWviG3uKHIBwVsHbY6Wh , available in the App Store. Record, edit, and add AI captions to videos while on the go using any iOS device. Download for iOS Join millions of everyday video editors Monika Trustpilot review I never expected that a free version would have all these features. I was amazed and honestly grateful for having a free, well-featured, and user-friendly video editing site. I loved every bit of experience while using it. Clipchamp video editor is my primary video editing software for my social media content. JustAlexHalford YouTuber I love how easy it is to use Clipchamp video editor online. It really has opened the door for anyone to create great video, no matter your experience or skill. Whether you're an aspiring creator or a seasoned vlogger, Clipchamp has got you covered with unique features and unlimited exports. 4.8 — 9.5k+ reviews 5.0 — 500+ reviews Create videos online with Microsoft Clipchamp Create a video Create Create Slideshow videos Promo videos Demo videos Video memes Video montages YouTube videos Instagram videos Instagram Reels TikTok videos Facebook video ads Slideshow videos Promo videos Demo videos Video memes Video montages YouTube videos Instagram videos Instagram Reels TikTok videos Facebook video ads Tools Tools Edit video Rotate video Trim video Crop video Record webcam Record screen AI subtitle generator AI voiceover generator Add text to video Voice and audio recorder GIF maker Remove audio from video Edit video Rotate video Trim video Crop video Record webcam Record screen AI subtitle generator AI voiceover generator Add text to video Voice and audio recorder GIF maker Remove audio from video About About Products Pricing Company Work with us Products Pricing Company Work with us Learn Learn Blog Video marketing Video editing Training center Blog Video marketing Video editing Training center Video editing apps Video editing apps Clipchamp video editor Microsoft Clipchamp for Windows Clipchamp for work Clipchamp for education Microsoft Clipchamp iOS Clipchamp video editor Microsoft Clipchamp for Windows Clipchamp for work Clipchamp for education Microsoft Clipchamp iOS Support Support Help Contact Help Contact English Deutsch Español Français Bahasa Indonesia Português 日本語 Italiano русский 한국어 中文 Nederlands Svenska Norsk Suomi Dansk Język Polski ελληνικά Қазақша Bahasa Melayu Română ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt © 2025 Clipchamp Terms Privacy and cookies Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Clipchamp is created worldwide, but we're headquartered in Brisbane/Meanjin, Australia, on the traditional lands of the Turrbal and Yuggera Peoples. We acknowledge the traditional custodians of country, and pay our respects to Elders past, present and emerging.