Create stunning visuals in seconds with AI. CREATE STUNNING VISUALS IN SECONDS Tools Highlight New Image edition Generative tools Real-estate Portrait edition All Universal Resizer Universal Resizer Resize your images for any social media Jasper AI Jasper AI Text generation for millions of use cases. Free for 7 days. Replace background Replace background Teleport anything, anywhere with AI Remove background Remove background Extract the main subject from a picture with incredible accuracy. It's like magic. Cleanup Cleanup Remove objects, people, text and defects from your pictures automatically. Uncrop Uncrop Uncrop your photos to any image format Image upscaler Image upscaler Upscale your images by 2x or 4x in seconds. It can also remove noise and recover beautiful details. New ADD MAGIC TO YOUR OWN APPS WITH THE CLIPDROP API The Clipdrop API allows you to integrate best-in-class AI to your apps in minutes. Get started with the Clipdrop API Open source Demos FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS How to remove the background of a picture for free? To remove the background of a picture, go to clipdrop.co/remove-background , and upload your image. Clipdrop will remove the background for you, and you will be able to download your HD image for free. How to remove an object from a picture? To remove an object from a picture, go to Cleanup, upload your image, select the object, and download the result! How to remove a person from a picture? To remove a person from a photo, use our inpainting algorithm. Upload your image on Cleanup and get it back with the person removed. It's free. How to remove background in photoshop? There are a few ways to remove the background of an image in Adobe Photoshop, but the best one is to install Clipdrop on your desktop and use Clipdrop Plugins How to remove the background of an image using an API? To remove the background from an image, you can use the Clipdrop Background removal API. It is fast, secured and does very precise background removal. The API will let you compose your images with new backgrounds or white backgrounds. How to remove background from picture in powerpoint? You can use clipdrop.co/remove-background , to remove the background from your picture and upload it without the background in powerpoint or any other software. It's free! Can I use images generated by Clipdrop for commercial usage? Our terms do not limit your ability to use images generated on ClipDrop for commercial use. What is the story behind Clipdrop? The company behind Clipdrop, InitML was co-founded by Cyril Diagne, Jonathan Blanchet and Damien Henry in 2020, InitML joined the YCombinator 2021 Winter batch. They raised $1.5M and built the team responsible for the Clipdrop.co and Cleanup.pictures products. InitML was acquired by Stability in February 2023 and later sold to Jasper.ai in February 2024. Cyril Diagne is an interaction designer, developer, and teacher specializing in AI. He served as professor and head of the media & interaction design bachelor program at ECAL (2015-2018) and was an artist-in-residence at the Google Arts & Culture Lab (2015-2020), where he contributed to projects like the google art selfie. In 2020, he co-founded Clipdrop, serving as CEO until the acquisition. Jonathan Blanchet has two decades of experience with full-stack web technologies. He previously worked at Google, at the frontier of Web and AI/ML applied to images. In 2020, he co-founded Clipdrop, serving as CTO until its acquisition. He’s now vice president of engineering at Jasper.AI. Damien Henry co-founded Audiogaming, Novelab and served as head of innovation at Google Arts & Culture where his team focused on AI/ML. He co-created Google Cardboard, a low-cost virtual reality platform. In 2020, he co-founded Clipdrop, serving as COO. Following Clipdrop's acquisition in 2023, he became senior vice president of product at Stability, then Jasper. Show more Clipdrop Home Blog Career Support Contact us Legal Privacy Terms of Use Legal notice Cookie Use Cookies preferences Social Twitter Product Hunt Instagram Github Copyright 2025 © InitML Tools All tools Cleanup Image upscaler Relight Remove background Replace background Text to image Text remover Uncrop Universal resizer Text Generator API Pricing API Jasper Free Trial Pricing