Close | The No BS CRM for small, scaling businesses Product Platform Overview Meet the CRM built for fast-moving teams. Explore Close CRM Manage leads, pipelines, tasks, and sales performance. Close Demo Watch, explore, talk to us, and evaluate Close. Communication Call, email, and SMS all from one place to double rep productivity. Automation Automate follow-ups, task creation, and lead routing Sales AI AI that keeps teams focused on selling Integrations Sync Close via 100+ native, no code, and Zapier integrations. Reporting Close more deals with actionable sales insights and data. Coaching and Collaboration A CRM designed to help coaches like you move fast. Pricing Blog Resources Learn The Close Blog Learn from the sales experts Resources Explore free templates and guides ROI Calculator Calculate your sales growth rate Office Hours Get expert, hands-on help from our team Help docs Fast answers and pro tips for using Close Watch The 0 to $30M Blueprint Expert advice from CEO Steli Efti Will vs Jen Battle between two badass sales pros Sales Playmaker Build a custom sales process Desiree Demos Unhinged product demos More videos Sales tips & insights from our YouTube Explore Product content Discover the latest Close features Case studies Learn from real Close customers Webinars Join a live or pre-recorded webinar Product Tour Discover and try Close Partner with Close Interested in selling Close? About Log in Try Close Product Platform Overview CRM Close Demo Communication Automation Pricing Blog Resources The Close Blog Resources ROI Calculator The 0 to $30M Blueprint Will vs Jen Ask Forrest Desiree Demos More videos Product content Case studies Webinars Demo Site Partner with Close About Login Try Close Customer Relationship Mastery Stop missing leads and wasting time with the wrong CRMs. Close brings clarity to your sales process so you can move fast and close deals before they go cold. Try for free Book demo Everything you need to sell, nothing you don’t One tool for all communication Call, email, and text directly from your CRM—so your team can spend more time selling and less time clicking around. Automate the tedious stuff Don’t make a human do what a robot can do. Close automates call and meeting notes, emails, follow-ups—all enhanced with AI to capture details more intelligently. Built for selling (not just data entry) Your CRM shouldn’t be a glorified spreadsheet. Close is built to accelerate your outreach and follow-up with automated sales workflows that keep you selling 24/7. Close Overview See Close in action Watch our product overview to see how Close works. Manage Customers Email, calls, and SMS are logged automatically into one easy-to-use CRM—so your team always has full context. Work Deals Stay on top of every opportunity with pipeline tools, automation, and smart reminders to move deals forward. Win More Get insights and AI-powered guidance to close smarter. Know what to do next with less guesswork. Why small businesses love Close. Yes, love. (Really.) "Streamlined CRM that helps us close more deals, faster." Close is built for sales teams that want speed, clarity, and results. The built-in calling and email features are extremely efficient—it cuts down the need to switch between tools. Its automation features save a ton of time and boost productivity. It’s truly a CRM that feels like it was built by people who understand sales. Justin R. Small-Business "Very Efficient and easy to use" The most helpful thing about Close is the fact that it links your work email to the CRM, which makes it easier to use. The calling is super smooth, as well as the email and SMS templates. Overall, Close is one of the best CRMs that I've used, and I look forward to keeping using it in the future. Daniel M. Membership Consultant at Fitness First Australia "Close is for closers." Close is amazing! It is expertly built for sales teams to keep the pertinent information in front of you to make those items actionable and make follow-up very easy and central to your day. The clean UX and ease of use is like no other platform we've used. It was very easy to set up, and the implementation of our sales process with the other systems we use is top-notch! Austin M. Catering Manager, Small-Business "Everything a small business needs at a cost we can manage" Close offers a very simple user interface that is pretty intuitive and requires little or no training to get started using the basic features. As a former user of maybe the biggest player in the CRM space while at a former company, I can confidently say that I have gotten more value out of Close, even at a much more reasonable price point. David K. Sales Manager, Small-Business Seamless navigation, quick learning curve, unbelievable customer support" I love that Close has everything all in one place when going to review my day. I can see the tasks I need to complete, my schedule, and new leads that have come in. If there is ever any issue, customer support is always quick to respond! Lance G. Realtor, Small-Business AI-powered sales tools that keep humans dialed-in Notetaker AI Enrich AI Summaries Rewrite Assist AI Notetaker The notetaking robot that lives in your CRM—transcribing and summarizing every call and meeting, no extra tools needed. AI Enrich Instantly pull in real-time customer info from across the web, so you can skip the Googling and stay locked in on your sales actions. AI Summaries Automatically summarize and surface what matters most on your calls, emails, meetings, and lead activity. AI Email Rewrite Assistant Automatically summarize and surface what matters most on your calls, emails, meetings, and lead activity. Close is 50% faster than the big CRMs Close performs 50% faster* in a head-to-head speed test with top CRMs like Pipedrive, Hubspot, and Salesforce. When speed matters, Close delivers. Close integrates with what you already use Marketing tools. Support tools. Calendar tools. If it helps you close, we can integrate with it. See more integrations There are over 800 CRMs to choose from. Stop overthinking. Start closing. Try Close free for 14 Days Sign up, import leads, and start selling within an hour. Start my free trial Book a demo Product Overview Communication Automation Integrations Reporting SMS Calling Security Pricing & Use Cases Pricing Close vs Other CRMs Customer Stories Resources Sales Blog Sales Resources Sales Guides Webinars On-Demand Demo Sales Tools Company About Careers Partner with Close Brand Guidelines Terms Privacy GDPR CCPA Get Help +1-833-GO-CLOSE Help Center API Documentation Download the Close App Product Updates System Status