×
Close
Give LavinMQ a shot. Your queues will thank you! Try LavinMQ
CloudAMQP
Tour
Pricing
Documentation
Support
Blog
Login
Get Started
Queue starts here.
Managing the largest fleet of LavinMQ and RabbitMQ clusters worldwide

Get a managed message broker Contact us

 
Top 3 CloudAMQP features
Fully Managed LavinMQ and RabbitMQ clusters

CloudAMQP automates the entire setup, operation, and scaling of LavinMQ and RabbitMQ clusters and is available for all major cloud and application platforms around the world. Let your team focus on what they do best - building your product. Leave server management and monitoring to the experts.

Easy Monitoring & Custom Alarms

Our control panel offers various tools for monitoring and alarms. Address performance issues promptly and automatically, before they impact your business. CloudAMQP makes it easy to set up custom alarms via email, webhooks, and external services.

Exceptional Support

CloudAMQP has unmatched operation experience from a wide variety of customers all over the world who count on us for 24/7 support. There's no scaling or implementation problem we can't solve.

Take a Tour

13,000+ users including these smart companies
Reasons you will love CloudAMQP
Message Queues in the Cloud

CloudAMQP installs and manages LavinMQ and RabbitMQ clusters for you. RabbitMQ supports multiple protocols such as AMQP, MQTT, HTTPS, STOMP, and WebSockets over STOMP, MQTT.

Scaling & Upgrading

At CloudAMQP you can scale your cluster without downtime. The same goes for upgrading your server to a new Erlang or RabbitMQ version, just click a button and relax.

RabbitMQ Diagnostic Tool

The RabbitMQ Diagnostic Tool helps you identify common errors in your RabbitMQ cluster. The tool checks your setup and gives you suggestions on how to improve your cluster.

Invite your Team

Invite your co-workers and enjoy separate CloudAMQP accounts for everyone with the same set of instances to manage. You decide where to send notifications and who will pay the bill.

Plug-ins at your Service

Easily enable common plugins from CloudAMQP’s control panel and find top community plug-ins that are installed to your server with just a click.

Additional nodes in your cluster

For dedicated instances in AWS and Azure you can specify the number of nodes you need. On dedicated plans you can also choose to create your cluster in a dedicated VPC.

CloudAMQP is available in
10 plans 5 clouds 128 regions
Supported Cloud Platforms
Also available through

Learn more about our plans and the available regions on our pricing page.

Pricing and Availability

Join thousands of happy customers

Lukas Hoeck

Viessmann

"The step to trust everything to CloudAMQP was quite big, to be honest, but we have never regretted doing so. It just works."

Mathias Meyer

Travis-CI.org

"Travis CI streams hundreds of build log chunks per second and we can rely on CloudAMQP to deliver them. We use several RabbitMQ clusters from CloudAMQP, and both the infrastructure and the service have been rock-solid."

Franklin Anderson de Amorim

Picnic Technologies

"Since its implementation in 2016, RabbitMQ has played a crucial role in Picnicʼs operations, handling millions—if not billions—of messages daily. Every placed order triggers messages that inform supply chain systems, warehouse fulfillment, and even data lakes for analytics."
Meet our Customers
Trust CloudAMQP with your data
SOC2, GDPR and HIPAA compliant

We are proud to be compliant with SOC 2 by AICPA. We are constantly audited against the Security (common criteria) and Availability Trust Services Criteria.

CloudAMQP also comply with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as well as The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).

Security is our top priority

A well built environment start with high coding standards. That's why we have rigorous processes for code reviews and testing to maintain highest level of security.

For extra protection we always have developers on duty to react quickly in an ever changing world.

Encryption

To secure data in transit, we offer SSL/TLS. Instances are isolated from each other on a network level. And on some clouds we offer the possibility to define a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).

Read our Security Policy for additional security options such as encryption for data at rest and IP allowlisting.

CloudAMQP - industry leading RabbitMQ as a service

We are here to assist you with any questions or inquiries you may have.
CloudAMQP is 100% free to try.

Questions? Reach out to us.
Contact Us
New to LavinMQ?

Learn about LavinMQ technology and how to implement it.

Blog

Documentation

LavinMQ Guide

Ebook

New to RabbitMQ?

Learn about RabbitMQ technology and how to implement it.

Blog

Documentation

RabbitMQ Guide

Ebook

MENU
Home
Tour
Pricing
Documentation
Support
Blog
Customers
About Us
RESOURCES
Changelog
FAQ
Legal and Policies
Security and Compliance
Status
NEED HELP?
Contact Support

Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

TALK TO SALES
+1 812 461 6841

Sales inquiries only. Open: 8-5 CST

BROUGHT TO YOU BY
www.84codes.com
WE ARE THE TEAM BEHIND
lavinmq.com

© Copyright 2011-2025 CloudAMQP. RabbitMQ and the RabbitMQ Logo are trademarks of Broadcom, Inc.