Skip to main content
Microsoft
Microsoft Security
Why Microsoft Security Solutions Products Pricing Services Partners Resources
Contact SalesStart free trial
Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps

Modernize how you secure apps and generative AI systems, elevate your security posture, and defend against software as service (SaaS)-based cyberattacks.

Contact Sales Start free trial
Comprehensive SaaS security

Get full visibility of your SaaS app landscape and help protect your apps with Defender for Cloud Apps.

Get full visibility of your SaaS app landscape

Remove security blind spots and strengthen your SaaS app posture with comprehensive discovery and out-of-the-box evaluations against more than 90 risk factors.

Learn more
Control how apps interact with each other

Gain visibility into over-permissioned apps, detect suspicious app activities, and govern app-to-app interactions.

Learn more
Automatically disrupt sophisticated SaaS attacks

Get incident-based investigation, leading cyberthreat detection, and automatic disruption of OAuth-based attacks in the Microsoft Defender portal.

Learn more
Discover and control the use of generative AI apps

Gain comprehensive visibility into more than 1,000 generative AI apps, understand their risks, and implement security controls to limit risk to your organization.

Learn more
Defender for Cloud Apps capabilities
Strengthen your SaaS security posture
Discover and control the use of shadow IT
Govern app-to-app interactions
Detect threats across your connected apps
Investigate and respond to SaaS incidents
Securing AI applications
Strengthen your SaaS security posture

Get configuration assessments to identify potential risks in your SaaS application environments and use actionable guidance to strengthen your security posture.

Learn more
Back to Tabs
From CASB to SaaS security

Defender for Cloud Apps includes additional capabilities that extend beyond the traditional cloud access security broker (CASB) scope to strengthen app posture and protect against malicious cloud apps. Ensure holistic coverage for your apps by combining SaaS security posture management, app-to-app protection, and integrated threat protection.

More about this diagram
Industry recognition

Microsoft Security is a recognized industry leader.

Learn more
Related products

Defend against cyberthreats with best-in-class security from Microsoft.

Learn more
Microsoft Defender XDR

Get integrated cyberthreat protection across devices, identities, apps, email, data, and cloud workloads.

Learn more
Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure Active Directory)

Safeguard your organization with a cloud identity and access management solution that connects employees, customers, and partners to their apps, devices, and data.

Learn more
Microsoft Defender for Cloud

Protect your multicloud and hybrid environments.

Learn more
Documentation and training
Infographic
See how SaaS security works

Find out how Defender for Cloud Apps follows a SaaS security model.

View the infographic
Video
Get a quick overview

Learn more about the core pillars of Defender for Cloud Apps.

Watch the video
Tech community
Discover the Defender for Cloud Apps community

Be part of a community that welcomes enthusiasts, customers, and IT professionals.

Join the community
Documentation
Explore the top SaaS app use cases

Learn how to set a baseline for a successful implementation that improves your SaaS security.

Read the guide
Protect everything

Make your future more secure. Explore your security options today.

Contact Sales Start free trial
Follow Microsoft Security   
What's new
Surface Pro
Surface Laptop
Surface Laptop Studio 2
Copilot for organizations
Copilot for personal use
AI in Windows
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Certified Refurbished
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
How to buy for your school
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
AI for education
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Power Platform
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Small Business
Developer & IT
Azure
Microsoft Developer
Microsoft Learn
Support for AI marketplace apps
Microsoft Tech Community
Microsoft Marketplace
Marketplace Rewards
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Sustainability
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks Safety & eco Recycling About our ads © Microsoft 2025
Ask Microsoft​