Google Skills Loading... No results found. Apply your skills in Google Cloud console Build AI skills for tomorrow, today Whether you’re just getting started or looking to deepen your knowledge, future proof your skills on Google’s new learning platform built for you. Loading... No results found. AI Boost Bites Career Certificates DeepMind Gemini Get started Skill up on AI today AI isn’t a future state. It’s here to stay. With more than a decade of AI innovation and integration in the cloud, Google is your trusted partner in navigating this new reality. Featured Artificial Intelligence Vertex AI Gemini AutoML Prompt design Explore catalog Learn and build with other developers Continuous learning starts with community. Join the Google Cloud Innovators program and fuel your cloud journey with 35 monthly credits for hands-on learning in Google Skills, at no cost to you. Join the Innovators program For teams Hands-on learning is better for business 77% of learners prefer some level of instructor-led training vs. on-demand training alone. 90% of instructor-led learning is completed vs. less than 5% of self-paced. 133% increase in employee retention when companies invest in hands-on learning. Skill up your workforce Future proof your career with Google credentials Certifications can be a big step, and a big investment. Need to build your skills first? Explore our Skill Badges and Certificates. Kickstart your career with certificates Unlock new career paths and gain in-demand skills with certificates. Complete a certificate learning path on Google Skills to earn a shareable digital credential. No prerequisites required. Explore certificates Level up with skill badges Prove your practical, technical skills with skill badges. Complete a  series of skill badge courses on Google Skills, earn a badge, then share your  achievements with peers and employers. Explore skill badges Prove your expertise with certifications Validate your knowledge and skills with industry-recognized Google Cloud certifications. Prove your ability to solve real-world business challenges with  Google Cloud. The certification process involves passing a proctored exam. Explore certifications Start building your tomorrow, today Whether you’re all-in on AI, just want to brush up on the latest, or you’re here to skill up your team — get ready for the latest innovations with the technical experts behind Google Skills. Get started Home Catalog Paths Subscriptions Activities Achievements Settings Sign in or Join Youtube Help Center Terms Privacy Manage cookies