Cloud Hosting Services & Dedicated Server Solutions | Clouvider Home Servers Dedicated Servers London Servers Manchester Servers Amsterdam Servers Frankfurt Servers Los Angeles Servers Phoenix Servers Dallas Servers Chicago Servers Ashburn Servers Atlanta Servers New York Servers VPS High Bandwidth Servers 10Gbps Servers Servers Sale All Services Connectivity VPS Dedicated Servers Software Licensing CloudLinux cPanel® KernelCare Colocation Services Private Cloud CDN Managed Hosting Acronis Cyber Cloud Backup About us About Clouvider Our Datacenters Blog Careers Contact Login Customer Portal my.clouvider.co.uk Do You Need Reliable Hosting Services? LEADING GLOBAL WEB HOSTING World-class dedicated server solutions and cloud hosting services. The highest quality and exceptional features at a competitive price. Dedicated Servers Our Services Our Services Discover more about our Connectivity and Hosting Services DEDICATED SERVERS Clouvider’s dedicated servers give you the highest levels of download speed, performance and reliability, with full root access to give you unparalleled control. VPS Full control of a virtual private server hosted in the cloud. The speed and performance of a VPS dedicated to your needs for a fraction of a cost. HIGH BANDWIDTH SERVERS Get high-bandwidth dedicated servers with flexible bandwidth options ranging from 1Gbps unmetered to 25Gbps unmetered, available in 11 key locations across the USA, UK, Netherlands, and Germany. Experience top-tier performance and reliability tailored to your needs! PRIVATE CLOUD Get a private HA cloud from Clouvider and your business will benefit from its very own section of cyberspace with your own high-performance virtual servers. CONNECTIVITY 1/10/100G Point-to-Point / Multipoint MPLS / VPLS, 10 / 100G Wavelengths, IP Transit, plus direct Tier 1, LINX, LONAP AMS-IX and DE-CIX over a 9Tbit/s+ total capacity network. MANAGED SERVICES Server management, remote hands, data centre migrations, managed connectivity and routing. Our hosting and server experts take care of all the technology. Who Are Clouvider? quality at a competitive price State-of-the-art global datacentres Enterprise class servers for the most resource intensive needs Distributed storage technology available No single point of failure for the epitome of reliability 24/7/365 technical support from our UK-based team Customer-centric, bespoke approach to cater for your every need Hosting solutions packed with fantastic features About Us Advantages Why choose Clouvider? 100% Uptime Redundant internet and power connections, distributed storage and cloud technology means there is no single point of failure for completely genuine 100% uptime. Multiple PoP's Based in our world-class US, Europe and UK data centres, with a state of-the-art MPLS infrastructure offering multiple, redundant tier-1 backbone connections for rapid global speeds. Performance Supermicro enterprise servers with the latest Intel CPUs and hosting plans bursting with resources give you flawless performance for even the most demanding requirements. UK Support Friendly personal phone, email and live chat support with our UK support team available when you need us, with 24/7/365 tech support for urgent issues that just can’t wait. Busting the myths about dedicated server hosts Blog • May 24, 2022 What is a dedicated server? Blog • May 23, 2022 Three reasons why customers are not buying from you Blog • May 19, 2022 Customer Portal Contact Us Click here to sign up to our newsletter Registered Office. Clouvider Limited, 30-34 Moorgate, EC2R 6DA, London Phone 0333 344 1640 Working Days/Hours. Mon - Fri / 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM Incorporated in England and Wales under: REG. No. 08750969 VAT No. GB 175 7066 84 Customer Portal Contact Us Company Home About Us Blog Careers Products Unmetered Servers 10Gbps Servers High Bandwidth Servers Servers Sale VPS Private Cloud Services Connectivity Managed Servers Colocation Services Acronis Backup Help Contact Looking Glass Network Tests Speed Tests Knowledge Base All third party trademarks are property of their respective owners. Please check our Terms & Conditions and Privacy and Cookies Policy. Clouvider logo and other trademarks are the registered or unregistered trademarks of Clouvider and its subsidiaries. All prices presented on this page are exclusive of VAT at a local standard rate (where applicable). Final price is always confirmed at the checkout before ordering.For example a standard VAT rate for UK resident is currently 20%. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2025 Clouvider Limited. All rights reserved. Home Servers Dedicated Servers London Servers Amsterdam Servers Frankfurt Servers Los Angeles Servers Phoenix Servers Dallas Servers Chicago Servers Atlanta Servers Ashburn Servers New York Servers Managed Servers High Bandwidth Servers 10Gbps Servers Promotional Servers All Services Connectivity VPS Dedicated Servers Software Licensing CloudLinux cPanel® KernelCare Colocation Services Private Cloud CDN Managed Hosting Acronis Cyber Cloud Backup About us About Clouvider Our Datacenters Blog Careers Contact Login Console Customer Portal Legacy Portal Search for: