CloudResearch - Online Research Platform | CloudResearch Products Industries Resources Support Request Demo Open main menu Products What's New Featured 1/10 Connect for Researchers High-quality research participants for your surveys Papers Citing Connect Connect for Participants Join studies and earn rewards as a research participant Engage AI-driven conversational surveys at scale AI Training Human-in-the-loop AI training and data labeling Sentry Quality assurance for reliable research data Prime Panels Access global research participants with precision MTurk Toolkit Simplified workflow for Amazon Mechanical Turk projects Managed Research Full-service research solutions from our experts Recent Press Coverage See the latest news and featured articles View all → Enterprise Solutions Premium Custom research solutions for businesses with enterprise-grade support and dedicated services. Learn more Industries Research Across Industries Our research solutions empower organizations of all types to make better data-driven decisions. Students & Universities Research solutions for universities and academic institutions Healthcare & Medicine Patient insights and clinical research participation Government Agencies Public sector research and policy insights Market Research Consumer behavior and market analysis studies Nonprofit Social impact research and community insights Industry Case Studies Featured See how organizations across industries leverage our research tools to achieve their goals. View case studies Resources Knowledge Resources Research insights, tools, and resources to help you design better studies and collect higher quality data. Blog Latest news, trends, and best practices in research Guides Step-by-step guides for effective research design Research Original research papers and methodology insights Seminars Online educational sessions and training webinars Grants Research funding opportunities and application tips Conferences Find upcoming research conferences and events Free Research Resources Popular Access our library of free guides, templates, and research tools to jumpstart your next project. Browse resources Support Customer Support Get the help you need to make the most of CloudResearch's research solutions. Contact Us Get in touch with our customer support team Knowledge Base Documentation and help resources Pricing View our pricing plans and subscription options Need Personal Help? Live Support Our expert support team is ready to help you with any questions about our platform. Contact support Online participant recruitment — done right CloudResearch is the best way to recruit survey participants for market research and online surveys. Our tools provide academic and market researchers immediate access to millions of diverse, high-quality respondents around the world. LEARN MORE Data Quality You Can Count On Our solutions are designed to help researchers recruit vetted online participants, manage complex research projects, and elevate data quality. Which of the following best describes you? Academic Researcher Industry Researcher Participant Connect TM Unparalleled Data Quality & Collaboration Put data quality front and center with the platform CloudResearch built from the ground up. FREE PREVIEW Engage ® Revolutionizing Survey Research with AI Experience deeper insights and greater respondent engagement through interactive surveys powered by AI conversations. Prime Panels Quality Participant Recruitment and Vast Demographic Targeting Access more than 100 million quality respondents worldwide for studies with large sample sizes or narrow demographic criteria. Sentry ® Data Quality Gold Standard Protect your research from fraudulent respondents with the best data quality tool on the market. Connect TM Connect is the ideal platform that CloudResearch built from the ground up. Based on our years of experience working with over 100 platforms — and with data quality at its core — Connect is the perfect platform for studies that require a high degree of participant engagement. Learn more Connect is the ideal platform that CloudResearch built from the ground up. As a participant, you can earn extra cash online for sharing your opinions and participating in surveys and online jobs that further our understanding of people's thoughts, feelings, and behavior! Start making money in minutes. Learn more Sentry ® Online research is plagued by participants who are inattentive, fraudulent, or bots. Sentry is a pre-survey vetting instrument that protects your study from all these bogus respondents through advanced brief behavioral and technological assessment. Sentry can be used on all sample sources, and will save you from wasting time and money on low-quality data. Learn more Engage ® Elevate your research with Engage, the innovative platform transforming surveys into dynamic, AI-driven conversations. Harness the power of adaptive questioning and real-time insights to uncover deeper understandings and engage participants like never before. Learn more Prime Panels Prime Panels connects researchers with a large global pool of diverse participants. And, unlike other market research panels, we deliver quality responses by vetting participants before they enter your survey, ensuring you can feel confident in the quality of your data. Learn more Client Testimonials I truly appreciated the hands-on customer support received throughout the process from implementation to completion. I am thankful for the dedication, attention to detail, & ultimately great survey data I received from working with CloudResearch. Tayah Wozniak MPH of Chapman University We had such a great — and FAST — experience with implementing our survey on Prime Panels! We're raving to our colleagues about this process and over the next few months, we plan to conduct even more surveys with you! Zoelene Hill New York University I found your services to be very high quality and extremely useful. Your product support is also EXCELLENT. All questions have been answered and you have actually been patient enough to teach me. Guillermo Jimenez Professor of International Trade & Fashion Law Fashion Institute of Technology Even with several rigorous exclusions, we are keeping, on average, 98.5% of our collected participants with CR recommended settings. So your recent changes over the last year have definitely worked! Alan Lambert Washington University CloudResearch is SO MUCH BETTER than native mTurk. I cannot tell you how much it has improved my work life! Kay Siefken NameStormers CloudResearch panels make it easy to target specific groups without the added complexity of screening unselected web-based populations. I've found that CloudResearch panels provide a fast and affordable source for high quality data. Aaron Leea Ole Miss University I'm really impressed by the high data quality your filter provides, participants who correctly answer our control question jumps from 55% (without your filter) to 90%! I suspect there are a lot of bots on MTurk recently that we avoid by using your filter. Martin Hedesstrom University of Gothenburg I've used Connect quite a bit, and I've found it to be a very good platform! It's easy to use and the data are quite good when looking at open-ended responses and attention checks. I've also collected data that targeted Republicans and Democrats, and that worked well too! Thank you all for your work on this platform! Crystal Hoyt Professor of Leadership Studies and Psychology and the Colonel Leo K. & Gaylee Thorsness Endowed Chair in Ethical Leadership University of Richmond Connect combines best-in-class researcher tools with an outstanding panel of attentive and reliable survey respondents. The team's customer support is also exceptional. The new Teams feature makes it easy for collaborators on joint projects to field surveys without complicated workarounds or compromising the security of your accounts. I have integrated it into my workflow on all of my new projects on Connect. Brendan Nyhan Freedman Presidential Professor in the Department of Government Darthmouth University The Connect platform has been a game changer for me! The Teams feature saves quite a bit of work, I highly recommend it! Jeff Galak Associate Professor of Marketing Carnegie Mellon University Connect has the highest data quality I've ever gotten! I'm not sure how you do it, but it's incredible. Chase Herndon Social Psychology PhD Candidate Kansas State University This platform is great, it's super fast and almost everyone passes attention checks! Dr. Grant E. Donnelly Department of Marketing & Logistics Sustainability Institute Ohio State University The only adjective I can offer is Spectacular! We got full responses on each of the surveys we sent out, and the data sets are wonderfully rich! I would recommend CloudResearch to anyone seeking good, effective survey data. I could not imagine a better experience. Christopher Puto Professor Emeritus Spring Hill College CloudResearch facilitated an easy and efficient process to collect high-quality data and help us reach our target audience. I can't wait to work with CloudResearch again on future research projects! Beth Sundstrom Communication Director, Executive Committee, SC Immunization Coalition and Associate Professor, Communication and Public Health College of Charleston CloudResearch provides access to a huge range of participants, with the option of tailoring samples, for an excellent price. The CloudResearch team is extremely responsive and supportive, helping my research team find the best strategies for our projects. We have worked on many projects already with CloudResearch and are looking forward to many more! Julie J. Exline Professor Case Western Reserve University CloudResearch was attentive and easy to work with. They truly care about data quality and will make sure you attain all participants necessary for your study. Not to mention, unlike other third party panels, CloudResearch is reasonably priced! I will definitely be using them again. Amanda Harryman Doctoral Student Alliant International University I really appreciated how attentive CloudResearch's customer service was. I was impressed by their ability to reach a marginalized population in a relatively short time frame. I will definitely use them for future projects! Jessamyn Bowling Associate Professor, Department of Public Health UNC Charlotte I used CloudResearch to recruit U.S. police officers, who are a hard-to-reach population. My Project Manager helped me set up data quality checks, quickly answered my questions, and provided regular updates throughout the recruitment process. I wouldn't have been able to recruit police officers as easily or as quickly without CloudResearch. Jean Cabell Doctoral Student University of Nevada, Reno CloudResearch is our go-to resource for reaching the specific segments we require in our research activities. They share our commitment to data integrity by carefully screening targeted populations with rigorous quality and attention checks. The project management team excels in identifying and supporting our needs. As our business continues to expand, so does our research--CloudResearch has been an integral part in accelerating that process. Christina Norton Director, Resource Development Revenue Management Solutions The CloudResearch platform has been quite a lucrative asset to our data collection pipeline. The timely response by their support team and the platform's robust screening measures (e.g., Data Quality tool) have been immensely helpful in garnering rich data. Praveen Suthaharan Doctoral University Yale University We used CloudResearch to collect longitudinal data on a battery of cognitive ability tests which required sustained, effortful attention for over 75 minutes. The participants we sampled provided more complete, high-quality data than our traditional sample sources and at a lower cost. Our partnership allowed us to meet our study goals while maintaining the highest levels of data quality. Kevin Field Research Director The Ball Foundation I've used Connect since it first came around, and it has become my first stop for data collection. The interface is seamless, the pricing is fair, and the quality of participants is on par with–if not better than other online samples I use. The data get collected very quickly, and the team behind the website are very responsive and helpful. Five Stars all around! Jacob Teeny Assistant Professor of Marketing Northwestern University The Authority for Research Professionals From the smallest survey to the most complex longitudinal study, our expertise and affordable tools are trusted around the globe. Academia From theses and dissertations to the next big publication within your field, our solutions were developed to drive academic research forward. Find out more > Marketing Ensure your next business decision is driven by actionable consumer insights you can trust. Find out more > Nonprofit Maximize your impact while keeping to a tight budget. Find out more > Medical We provide access to patient populations - and a range of consulting services to support clinical development, marketing, and testing of medical products and services. Find out more > When Quality Matters, Professionals Trust CloudResearch START GETTING MORE FROM YOUR RESEARCH TODAY Time for higher quality, more insightful research. REQUEST A DEMO Connecting brilliant minds with quality data. Building the future of
          research, one insight at a time. Products Engage Connect for Researchers Connect for Participants AI Training Sentry Prime Panels MTurk Toolkit Solutions Market Research Government Agencies Health & Medicine Students & Universities Nonprofit Support Support Center Contact Us Guides Company About Blog Press Legal Terms of service Privacy policy Patent Notice Security Certifications CloudResearch is committed to maintaining the highest standards of
          security and data protection for our customers and research
          participants. © 2025 CloudResearch. All rights reserved. Made with ❤ in the USA Privacy Terms Contact