cloudabove | The customer first UK web hosting provider Hosting Starter plans Everything you need for your small business or personal website Scout Platform The hosting solution for agencies & ecommerce Reseller plans cPanel & WHM hosting for agencies and freelancers on PAYG pricing Cloud servers & VPS High performance servers where you're in complete control. Managed hosting Business critical site & app hosting, expertly managed by us. Not sure? We're here to help with any questions Get in touch Domains About Us Contact Us Chat (Online) Login Helpful Web Hosting How can we help you today? View Plans Chat with us Contact us cloudabove 242 Reviews 5.0 cloudabove's 5 star service for the person behind the business. Our Green Initiative 100% Renewable Energy 17,497 trees planted Choosing a plan We offer hosting services for WordPress, Magento, Laravel, Drupal, Joomla and many other apps. Most websites sit comfortably on a Starter plan but if your website is larger, our Pro or Managed hosting solutions may be better. Every plan is all-inclusive. Everything you need to host your website & email is included as standard — you won't pay a penny for backups, extra security, SSL certificates or migrations. £8/Month + Starter Hosting Everything you need for your website Free site & email migration Free SSL & daily backups Unlimited email Explore Carbon neutral £25/Month + Cloud Servers & VPS Next level website performance World class site performance UK phone, chat & email support Your own private server Explore Carbon neutral £60/Month + Managed Hosting Hosting built for peace of mind 24/7 website monitoring Hourly & daily backups Free hosted email Expert migration service Explore Carbon neutral Eco-friendly hosting Carbon conscious since the start We believe every company is responsible for looking after our planet and we help your business reduce the impact it makes by running on 100% renewable energy and planting trees for every hosting account & domain. 295.52T of carbon reduction 17,497 trees in their forest Taking care of business Reliability and speed are what make great hosting. Funnily enough, they make your customer experience great too. When something isn't quite right it can make or break your day, speaking to someone you trust shouldn't be another challenge! Our team will put you first, allowing you to focus on what you do best. About our customer service "The crew at cloudabove always put their customers at the forefront of everything they do!  By far the best service I’ve received in over 20 years of working in web and server technology" Stuart Last Spyced Concepts On our migration service "I have just moved my websites to cloudabove after having massive issues with my previous host, and it’s been the best, stress-free experience!" Neda Riley Abi Neda Ryley Photography For keeping it green "I just 100% recommend cloudabove. I have been with them for seven years, and they are beyond any other host I have ever worked with. .. And to top it all they work really hard at carbon offset. You sign up with them, they plant trees for you." Maria Robertson Define Media Ltd Dependable hosting. Less experienced businesses like us for our honesty and openness. Agencies and managed customers like us for our experience and knowledge. Everyone relaxes knowing we keep a watchful eye on your site so you don’t have to. Fast We continually reinvest in our cloud hosting infrastructure so your website runs on the fastest available technology, we're also on hand to help you improve your website's performance with complimentary audits & impartial advice. Reliable With round the clock site monitoring and self-healing cloud & network, any issues are quickly identified and fixed. All services are provided with a 99.99% uptime Service Level Agreement and if we let you down, we'll make it right. Secure We believe security should never be an added feature. As a hosting provider, it's our responsibility to ensure that every effort is made to protect your website & email from hackers and that's why every service we provide includes comprehensive security coverage as standard. Moving is simple Worried about your site being down while you transfer over to us? We're here to help. Migrations are free with every plan and often completed on the same day with virtually no downtime. We carefully manage the whole moving process to the hosting plan of your choice - no hassle, no fuss, no loss of data. Let us take care of it. We will: Keep your historic emails Move your sites from any web host Ensure little to no downtime Choose a date and time that suits you Provide a single point of contact to support you View plans Need help deciding? Your hosting requirements may not be as complex as you think. We usually advise you to start small and upgrade as needed & don't worry, nothing is set in stone. If you'd like to ask us more, please do! Speak to us by phone , live chat or email and we'll make a plan for you. Why choose us? Powered by 100% renewable energy From our office to our servers, we're using 100% renewable energy to power our hosting. Plus, we're planting trees for every single order. Above & beyond support Whether you prefer to talk, chat or write - you'll always be in touch with someone who genuinely wants to help & go the extra mile for you. Unbeatable reputation Our dedication to our customers is reflected in our reviews, we have a flawless track record and it's one of our proudest achievements to date. The Company Contact us About us Service status Terms of Service Privacy Policy Ethical & Environmental Policy Modern Slavery Statement Hosting Standard Hosting Pro Hosting Reseller hosting Managed Hosting Cloud Server Hosting Services Domains Scout control panel cloudabove (SWBROADBAND Ltd) 1 King Mark House Stret Constantine Newquay Cornwall TR7 1GF Call us on +44 01872 672 050 Email us on hello@cloudabove.com Copyright © 2022 All Rights Reserved SWBROADBAND Ltd SWBROADBAND Ltd registered in England & Wales number 8853775 | VAT no. GB 174 0633 19 Site designed and built by Papertank Your experience on this site will be improved by allowing cookies. Allow cookies