Cloudflare, Inc. - Investor Relations Skip to main content Skip to main content Home News Events & Presentations Stock Information Stock Quote & Chart Analyst Coverage Financials SEC Filings Quarterly Results Governance Governance Documents Leadership Board of Directors Committee Composition Impact Resources Information Request Form Investor Email Alerts Site Search Investor Relations Home News Events & Presentations Stock Information Stock Quote & Chart Analyst Coverage Financials SEC Filings Quarterly Results Governance Governance Documents Leadership Board of Directors Committee Composition Impact Resources Information Request Form Investor Email Alerts Corporate Overview Cloudflare, Inc. (NYSE: NET) is on a mission to help build a better Internet. Cloudflare is a global cloud services provider that delivers a broad range of services to businesses of all sizes and in all geographies—making them more secure, enhancing the performance of their business-critical applications, and eliminating the cost and complexity of managing individual network hardware. Key Metrics 38 % of the Fortune 500 are Paying Customers as of September 30, 2025 295 K+ Paying Customers as of Q3 2025 74 % GAAP Gross Margin in Q3 2025 42 %+ Revenue CAGR FY19-FY24 Latest News View all news Latest Presentation Events View All Events Contact Us Investor Relations Send Email Quick Links SEC Filings Information Request Form Investor Email Alerts To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time. At Cloudflare, we keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell, rent, share, or otherwise disclose your personal information to anyone except as necessary to ensure you receive the communications you’ve requested. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you've chosen to receive by visiting the “Unsubscribe” section below. By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to Cloudflare to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates. * Required Email Address * Investor Alert Options * News Quarterly Reports Annual Reports SEC Filings End of Day Stock Quote Enter the code shown above. * Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation Sales Enterprise Sales Become a Partner Contact Sales: +1 (888) 99 FLARE +1 (888) 99 FLARE Getting Started Industry Analysts Pricing Case Studies White Papers Webinars Learning Center Community Community Hub Blog Project Galileo Athenian Project Cloudflare for Campaigns Cloudflare TV Developers Developer Hub Cloudflare Workers Integrations Help Center Support Cloudflare Status Compliance GDPR Trust & Safety Company About Cloudflare Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Our Team Press Investor Relations Careers Cloudflare Connect Logo Network Map (Link to Facebook) (Link to X) (Link to Linkedin) (Link to Youtube) (Link to Instagram) © Cloudflare, Inc. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trust & Safety Your Privacy Choices Trademark