Cludo: Smarter Search, Happier Visitors | AI-Powered Site Search Product AI Search has landed. Our AI Search combines vector and keyword search in one powerful hybrid engine. AI Mode Turns everyday searches into clear, conversational answers that help visitors find what they need. AI Chat Provide a state-of-the-art search experience by harnessing the power of ChatGPT. AI Summary Combine traditional and interactive experiences into one easy-to-use interface. Experience Builder Custom build an AI Chatbot or Intelligent 404 Page in minutes with the Experience Builder! Features From insights and analytics, to easy-to-use tools, see how Cludo can help your business. Industries Designed with your industry in mind Education Finance Healthcare Public Sector Manufacturing Tourism Our Work Our Work Browse our implementation gallery and see Cludo search in action. Case Studies See how Cludo has transformed the websites of happy customers. Why Cludo You deserve a search partner. Enter Cludo. Partners Pricing Resources Resource Library Dive into research and reports, and read our extensive infographics and guides. Webinars Uncover industry insights, practical tips, and upcoming trends and topics shaping search's future. Customer Stories See how Cludo has transformed the websites, intranets, and apps of happy customers. Blog Learn more about the site search industry and how to transform your search experience. Help Center Our digital troubleshooting archive with answers to FAQs, processes, how-to guides, and more. Integrations What platforms does Cludo work with and build upon? Find out here. Analytics Search Login Get Started What can we help you find? Explore topics Product info Customer work Blog Help center Powerful site search for content-heavy websites, minus the tech headaches. Simplify and unify complex content across subdomains, gain valuable insights to boost site search performance, and deliver exceptional user experiences -  without technical complexity. Cludo AI Mode is here → Try Cludo → Cludo powers site search for over 1000+ websites globally and works with any CMS You shouldn't wrestle with complexity. Get clarity from your site search. We take the guesswork out of site search. With easy setup for crawlers, indexes, and relevance controls, your users get accurate answers - even across sprawling subsites and complex subdomains. Cludo delivers intelligent, automated search that saves you time, helps your visitors find exactly what they need, and drives better business out comes for your organization. Explore the dashboard live → Know exactly what your users are searching for on your website. The MyCludo Dashboard offers powerful, easy-to-use search analytics - no training required. Gain full control over your website’s search experience with tools to analyze user behavior, optimize results, and manage content seamlessly. Its intuitive interface and smooth integrations make it easy to identify what your users are looking for - and help them find it faster. Check out our Youtube channel → We don’t disappear after your search migration. Your long-term success is part of our mission. We believe great search is a journey, not a one-time setup. That’s why our support doesn’t stop at launch. From day one, we work with your team to refine relevance, uncover user trends, and support your growth - ensuring your search evolves and delivers lasting value. Your success isn’t just a milestone - it’s our mission. Get your Cludo demosite → Talk is cheap. Proof is better. “What stands out is their support and genuine, human service. As a senior developer at a large Colorado university, I truly value our relationship with Cludo.” Web Developer, est. 450K searches / year Taylor L. “Our experience with Cludo has been excellent. Their enterprise search is robust, user-friendly, and they’ve been a true, invested partner.” GIS and Emerging Technology Manager, est. 1.5M searches / year James A. “What I like best is the easy functionality around synonyms and the ability to create custom banners based on search criteria. It offers us good functionality that is very easy to implement.” Senior Web Software Developer, est. 2M searches / year Mike B. "I would consider it to be the Cadillac of internal site searches, especially coming from our natural CMS search." Associate Director of Web Strategy, est. 1M searches / year Steve F. Read Cludo's G2 reviews → You may have heard that site search is important... Here are a few reasons why: 4 out of 5 users leave a website if they perceive the search quality or relevance to be poor ( Segmentify, 2023 ) 15% of all users prefer site search instead of navigation hierarchy in general ( Baymard Institute, 2024 ) 50% of users go straight to the on-site search box to navigate ( Choco Up, 2025 ) Only 15% of companies have dedicated resources to optimizing their site search experience ( CXL, 2019 ) 216% that’s how much more likely on-site search users are to convert ( Klevu, 2020 ) Majority of users who perform a successful on-site search are more likely to return to the site with an intent to buy ( Total Retail, 2022 ) Transforming digital support with AI Reykjavík streamlines resident support  — over 5,000 chats successfully resolved by Cludo's AI Chat Since introducing Cludo’s AI Chat and AI Summary, the City of Reykjavík has seen faster answers and lighter workloads — with over 5,000 chats handled by AI and a significant drop in click-through rates. Citizens now get the information they need instantly, without waiting or digging through links. Read the story → Explore our work Need guidance on site search? We’re happy to help! Struggling with complaints and search that doesn’t deliver? Let’s explore how Cludo can help improve your user experience and business outcomes. Book a 30 min Discovery Call → We take compliance, accessibility, and data privacy very, very seriously. EMEA (HQ): Cludo ApS Frederikskaj 4 2450 København Denmark +45 3529 4680 North America: Cludo Inc. 111 Washington Avenue South Suite 310 Minneapolis, MN 55401 United States + 1 (612) 249-9946 United Kingdom: +44 203 020 1865 Resources Blog Legal Hub Help Center For Developers Product Pricing Product Updates Integrations Search Experiences Search Solutions Company About Us Careers Why Cludo Become a Partner Contact Us Industries Education Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Public Sector Telecommunications Tourism Comparisons vs. Yext vs. Squiz vs. Rek.ai vs. Coveo vs. Algolia vs. Google vs. AddSearch vs. CMS search © 2025 Cludo