Cluely - Live AI Meeting Assistant | Real-Time Meeting Notes and AI Insights Cluely Pricing Mobile New Blog Download on the App Store Get the desktop app Trigger Open menu #1 Undetectable AI for Meetings Cluely takes perfect meeting notes and gives real-time answers, all while completely undetectable Download on the App Store Get the desktop app What should I say? What should I say? "A discounted cash flow model values a company by projecting future free cash flows and discounting them to present value using the weighted average cost of capital." What should I say? Follow-up questions Ask anything about the screen or conversation What should I say? "A discounted cash flow model values a company by projecting future free cash flows and discounting them to present value using the weighted average cost of capital." Four ways we make your meetings better AI that answers questions for you, real‑time Cluely uses the screen, transcript, and AI to answer questions for you, live. Instant follow-up emails Send perfectly drafted follow-up emails within seconds after every call. Who are you really talking to? Learn everything about anyone before every call — where they work, what they do, and more. Beautiful meeting notes Instant shareable meeting notes generated by AI. Meeting notes in 3 steps The easiest way to get beautiful, shareable meeting notes. 1 Start Cluely Simply click Start Cluely before your meeting begins. 2 End Cluely Click the Stop button to end recording. That's it. 3 Get notes Cluely uses what it heard and what it saw on your screen to generate notes. No meeting bots. 100% undetectable. How does Cluely stay undetectable? Other AI Notetakers Joins as an invasive participant David's AI Notetaker Undetectable to screen share, visible to you Visible to you Invisible to others Real-time transcription 12+ Languages We support over 12 different languages, including English, Chinese, Spanish, and more. 300 ms Response time We have the fastest live transcription available. Test us against any other competitor. 95% Transcription accuracy Trusted by many teams for reliable transcription. All processed with industry-leading accuracy. Frequently asked questions Why real-time vs. a regular AI notetaker? Who is Cluely for? Is Cluely free? How is it undetectable in meetings? What languages and apps are supported? Can I talk to customer support? Meeting AI that helps during the call, not after. Try Cluely on your next meeting today. Download on the App Store Cluely Resources Mobile New Manifesto Press Bug Bounty Support Help Center Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Data Processing Agreement Subprocessors All systems operational SOC 2 Type 1 SOC 2 Type 2 ISO 27001 GDPR CCPA HIPAA List of subprocessors . © 2025 Cluely. All rights reserved. Follow us on Twitter Join us on Discord Follow us on Instagram Follow us on GitHub