HomeTechnologyPrivacyCase StudiesAboutCareersContact UsLogin
Meet Soma, the World's
1st Advertising AI Agent.

Soma is the first AI Agent that helps brands advertise to people based on how they feel and what they see.

Get Demo
View Case Study

Cluep brings us the same keyword level capability as Google, but differently because it's driven by how consumers talk about it on social platforms – they turn to community

Account Director, Media, Red Fuse

PRODUCT

Feel

SIGNALS

Text
Audio
Serve ads based on a Feeling

Qualify people by analyzing what they publicly say and listen to, determining if desired keywords and feelings are being expressed.

Cluep then delivers advertising outside the social platforms and in premium sites and apps they visit across mobile and desktop.

PRODUCT

See

SIGNALS

Image
Video
Serve ads based on what’s Seen

Analyze the visual content inside the images and videos people publicly post or consume to qualify them based on their activities and lifestyles.

Cluep then delivers advertising outside the social platforms and in premium sites and apps they visit across mobile and desktop.

PRODUCT

Work
Serve ads based on Work Profiles

Analyze people’s publicly shared work-profiles to qualify them based on their skill set, industry and company.

Marketers can efficiently connect with Health Care Professionals, B-to-B buyers, and others critical to their business.

PRODUCT

Place
Serve ads based on Physical Visits

Analyze physical locations people visit to identify and target them based on their interests, lifestyles and shopping preferences.

Location data is verified to ensure accuracy while key features, including Location Fuzzing, ensure user privacy.

PRODUCT

Check
Apply a second product Check

Further qualify people by applying a second product check such as Feel, See, Work or Place to analyze their other social signals or location visits.

Applying a second product criteria has proven to deliver significant increases in engagement and business results.

Success Stories
McDonald’s excites current cravers and drives intent using Cluep

Cluep analyzed people's text for their McDonald's food cravings and other positive brand feelings in order to engage them when they were most likely to care about the message, and be most receptive to it.

PRODUCT

Feel

SIGNAL

Text

KEYWORDS & FEELINGS

McDonald's, Big Mac, Happy Meal, McNuggets

Excited, Desire, Love, Hopeful

Click-Through Rate

1.3% CTR

Most likely to visit Brand

17% Lift

1/6

“So if there happens to be a McDonald’s in the background of one of your photos, you may get a Golden Arches ad targeting you somewhere soon.”

Read More

“For example, if you posted a picnic table spread with a jug of iced tea somewhere in the mix on Instagram, Gold Peak could have targeted you with ads while you read an article on Business Insider or checked the weather on the AccuWeather app in the past month, thanks to your photo.”

Read More

“Right now, some big brands like Coca-Cola, Nike, McDonald's and Under Armour are trying out targeted ads that are not just based on your likes and dislikes, but also on the photos you upload..”

Read More

“Under Armour tapped Cluep to target users that posted photos of its running shoes, competitors’ shoes, and other running-oriented pictures like racing bibs to target users for its “Run Camp” campaign.”

Read More
Product
Home
Technology
Privacy
Case studies
Legal
Terms of service
Privacy notice
California Privacy Notice
Cookies
Do Not Sell My Information
Company
About
Careers
Contact us

© 2025 Cluep

We use essential cookies to improve our website.

AcceptLearn more