About US TouchShort Download
Snap fingers touch the beauty
Download App and Join Us
Recommend Short Dramas
Gather the world's best drama
Shining Days

The drama tells the story of the Bo family, one of the wealthiest clans, where the preference for male heirs is deeply rooted. Ren Min, who just married into the Bo family, in order to consolidate her position, swapped her newborn daughter for a son.

EP.91

Flipped

Shen Yun rescued Huo Jingbei's sister, Huo Qing, on her way to the hospital, but unexpectedly offended the despicable capitalist, Mr. Zheng. As a result, Shen Yun was framed and demoted to the andrology department, where she met Huo Jingbei by mistake.



EP.100

The Genuine Rich Daughter

The world's richest heiress, Chen Yue (the female protagonist), left home in a fit of anger seven years ago when her father remarried and eloped, only to be jilted by the male protagonist.



EP.88

The Fox Fairy

Today, for Gu An, is undoubtedly the most joyful and significant day of his life. All the villagers gathered together to celebrate his wedding, offering their congratulations.


EP.80

My Real Contract Wife

The entire drama is a modern urban romance with elements such as secret marriage, concealed identities, entertainment industry involvement, and emotional entanglements.


EP.74

Gone with scent

Due to being schemed against and accidentally taking an aphrodisiac, Zhou Chenghe was rescued by Liang Qingyu, and was forced by Liang Ping to marry her.


EP.94

Unstoppable

Murong Xi is the daughter of the Lord of Divine King Pavilion, and because she fell in love with a poor boy named Zhao Yan, she gave up her inheritance of Divine King Pavilion and concealed her identity to work and support Zhao Yan in the city.


EP.76

Love Till Death

The female protagonist was forced to take the blame for the death of the male protagonist's beloved, who was killed in a car accident caused by the female supporting character.


EP.76

Contact
bx75045@gmail.com
Legal
Privacy policy
Terms of Service
@ Copyright 2024 Hong Kong Touch Culture Communication Co., Limited All Rights reserved.
Rm A17 2/F HING YIP CTR 31 HING YIP ST Kwun Tong Hong Kong