Home CMND.io Downloads Templates FAQ News Videos Optional hardware Login with your personal account Email Password Remember me Submit Forgot your password? Get a personal account Sign up A new Philips innovation Login or Register now CMND Go back Login with your personal account Email Password Remember me Submit Forgot your password? Get a personal account Sign up Downloads Templates FAQ News Videos Optional hardware Take control of your displays Managing multiple displays can be a struggle. Whether it's two screens, or
                            a thousand, you don't want to run around each display for every update. The CMND Display
                            Management Platform puts you in control of all your Philips displays. With CMND, you can
                            manage your full suite of displays from a central location. Run your network remotely with CMND & Control Ready for an easy way to manage multiple displays? CMND & Control lets you set parameters, update software and customize and configure multiple displays at once. From wherever you are. Optimize the customer experience with CMND & Create CMND & Create is a powerful authoring tool for creating compelling content. With its drag and drop interface, preloaded templates and integrated widgets, you'll be amazing customers with compelling stills and captivating video content in no time. Get setup fast with CMND CMND & Deploy supports fast installation and easy development. width CMND & Deploy, you can add and remove settings via cloning and install apps remotely. Personalize and interact with CMND & Check-In CMND & Check-In transforms the hospitality experience, by increasing both personalization and efficiency. It comprises of surprise-and-delight touches like Nane on TV and guest-language input. Plus messaging, bill on TV, express checkout, different channel packages and more. Sign up! Ready for an easy way to manage multiple displays? Register now and get access to manage content and networks easily with CMND. Register now Benefits for END-USERS Real time customer engagement. Distribute content immediately or based on customer habits. Eliminates the manual labor involved in display-to-display updates. Maximize advertising and promotion capabilities in public settings. Benefits for Partners Seamless integration across the Philips Professional Display Solutions lineup. Display management and configuration is simplified and streamlined. Manage RF and IPTV channels, and it works over both RF coaxial and IP networks. Take control of your displays Managing multiple displays can be a struggle. Whether it's two screens, or a thousand,
                you don't want to run around each display for every update. The CMND Display Management Platform puts
                you in control of all your Philips displays. With CMND, you can manage your full suite of displays from
                a central location. Run your network remotely with CMND & Control Ready for an easy way to manage multiple displays? CMND & Control lets you set parameters, update software, customize, and configure multiple displays at once. From wherever you are. Optimize the customer experience with CMND & Create CMND & Create is a powerful authoring tool for creating compelling content. With its drag and drop interface, preloaded templates and integrated widgets, you'll be amazing customers with compelling stills and captivating video content in no time. Get setup fast with CMND CMND & Deploy supports fast installation and easy development. width CMND & Deploy, you can add and remove settings via cloning and install apps remotely. Personalize and interact with CMND & Check-In CMND & Check-In transforms the hospitality experience by increasing both personalization and efficiency. In comprises surprise-and-delight touches like Nane on TV and guest-language input. Plus messaging, Bill on TV, express checkout, different channel packages and more. Sign up! Ready for an easy way to manage multiple displays? Register now and get access to manage content and networks easily with CMND. Register now Benefits for End-Users Real time customer engagement. Distribute content immediately or based on customer habbits. Eliminates the manual labor involved in display-to-display updates. Maximize advertising and promotion capabilities in public settings. Benefits for Partners Seamless integration across the Philips Professional Display Solutions lineup. Display management and configuration is simplified and streamlined. Manage RF and IPTV channels, and it works over both RF coaxial and IP networks. Connect with Philips Investor relations Careers Contact Philips Philips Cookie notice Privacy notice Terms of use © Koninklijke Philips N.V. 2004 - 2025. All rights reserved.