We value your privacy

This website uses cookies. Certain cookies are required for optimal functioning of this website. Other cookies used by this website collect basic information regarding you, your device and your use of this website to help us understand how you interact with this website. This data is automatically sent to Google Analytics in the United States to prepare statistical reports (analytics) for us that we use to assess and improve the operation of our website (for more information see "How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services", located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, or any other URL that Google may provide from time to time).

By clicking "Accept" you agree to the use of cookies by this website. If you wish to accept only certain cookies click "More Information". You can change your choices for cookies by clicking the blue circle icon on the bottom left of the page you are viewing.

To delete cookies already stored on your device, please refer to the settings option provided by your browser. Our Privacy Policy

More Information
Reject
Accept
CNQTSX: 46.010.52NYSE: 33.580.40
Financial Reports
Sustainability Reporting
Working Together
About Us
World Class Assets
Investors
Sustainability
Careers
Canadian Natural Announces 2026 Budget

Explanatory Statement, June 2024

The federal government has passed omnibus Bill C-59, which includes amendments to the Competition Act, resulting in changes to the law around environmental communications. 

There is uncertainty on how this new legislation will be interpreted and applied on a go forward basis. This legislation does not change our commitment to the environment and to ensuring safe, reliable operations, only the way in which we are publicly communicating these aspects of our business.

To the extent the Competition Bureau can provide clarity on the legislation through specific guidance, this will help guide our future communications in this regard. Notwithstanding this legislation, Canadian Natural is committed to helping Canada reduce its GHG emissions and we will continue this important work.

Feature Items
Oil sands tour for teachers

Through our amazing partnership with Inside Education, we were able to provide a tour of the oil sands for 30 teachers. Watch video to learn more.

An Open letter to the Prime Minister

Build Canada Now: Read the latest open letter that Canada’s leading energy companies sent to Prime Minister Mark Carney.

2024 Sustainability Highlights

Review our performance highlights in governance, safety, and how we create shared value through people, community, and partnerships.

News Releases
Canadian Natural Resources Limited Announces 2026 Budget
Canadian Natural Resources Limited Prices CAD Notes
Canadian Natural Announces 2025 Third Quarter Results

Financial Reports
2025 Third Quarter Interim Report
2025 Second Quarter Interim Report
2025 First Quarter Interim Report

Canadian Natural is a senior crude oil and natural gas production company, with continuing operations in its core areas located in Western Canada, the U.K. portion of the North Sea and Offshore Africa.

Head Office
2100, 855 - 2 Street S.W.
Calgary, AB T2P 4J8
(403) 517-6700
DISCLAIMER
LEGAL
PRIVACY
NEWS ALERT
CONTACT US

© 2025 Canadian Natural. All Rights Reserved.