CNSNews | Newsbusters Skip to main content Free Speech America CNSNews MRC Culture MRC Business MRC Latino MRC Videos Testimonials Donate Subscribe Dark Mode About us About NewsBusters Contact Us Advertise Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible. © 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved. Home Menu Free Speech CNSNews Culture Business Latino Latest Videos Testimonials Dark Mode Subscribe Donate About Us Contact Us Government shutdown Campaigns & Elections Worst Media Take of the Week Censorship Media Reality Check Facts Flip Voters’ View of Economy, Thwarting Media Misinformation Craig Bannister Oversight Committee Chair Comer: ‘The Walls are Caving in on Tim Walz’ Craig Bannister GDP 3rd Quarter Growth So Strong Even New York Times Says It ‘Surged' Craig Bannister Rep. Fallon: ‘World Is in a Better Place’ If US Beats Narco-Terrorists Craig Bannister DHS: Rep. ‘Omar Caught in a Lie,’ ‘Media Emboldening’ Violent Rioters Craig Bannister Latest County Snubs ICE Detainer: Freed Illegal Alien Rearrested - for Murder Craig Bannister Brent Bozell Confirmed as U.S. Ambassador to South Africa Craig Bannister 3 House Dems Help Cancel Rogue Republicans, Pass Bill Protecting Kids Craig Bannister White House, Analysts Cheer Cooler-than-Expected November Inflation Craig Bannister Video Trump: The ‘Fake’ in ‘Fake News’ Isn’t Strong Enough, Just Look at CNN Craig Bannister Fund Manager and CFO Confidence ‘Soars,’ Hitting 4-Year High Craig Bannister ‘Shocking New Docs’ Show Biden’s DOJ Pressured FBI to Raid Mar-a-Lago Craig Bannister Employment ‘Little Changed’ in November, Despite 168K Federal Drop Craig Bannister DC Police Chief Forced Staff to Underreport Crime Counts: House Report Craig Bannister Facts Flip Voters’ View of Economy, Thwarting Media Misinformation When voters are allowed to see the facts that the leftist, legacy media are denying them, their economic outlook brightens significantly, results of a new McLaughlin & Associates study reveals. Craig Bannister Oversight Committee Chair Comer: ‘The Walls are Caving in on Tim Walz’ The walls are “caving in” on Democrat Minnesota Governor Tim Walz, House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer (R-KY) announced Friday, updating his committee’s probe of the billion-dollar fraud scandal uncovered in the state. Craig Bannister GDP 3rd Quarter Growth So Strong Even New York Times Says It ‘Surged' U.S. Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth was so strong in the third quarter that even the far-left New York Times admits that it was “vigorous” and unhindered by Republican President Donald Trump’s reciprocal tariffs. Craig Bannister Rep. Fallon: ‘World Is in a Better Place’ If US Beats Narco-Terrorists No, Venezuelan drug-runners hit by U.S. strikes aren’t “stranded sailors,” they’re narco-terrorists – and the world is better off without them – Rep. Pat Fallon (R-Texas) says, chiding Democrat critics of the U.S. military’s strikes against boats bringing deadly drugs to America. Craig Bannister DHS: Rep. ‘Omar Caught in a Lie,’ ‘Media Emboldening’ Violent Rioters “I’m here to set the record straight on more fake news stories this week,” DHS Assistant Secretary Lauren Bis declared Sunday, debunking three dangerous false narratives used by the legacy media to smear U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers. Craig Bannister County Snubs ICE Detainer: Freed Illegal Alien Rearrested - for Murder An illegal alien with a history of arrests, mental illness and apparent ties to MS-13 was arrested and charged with second-degree murder – just one day after an illegal sanctuary county chose to release him rather than honor a detainer request by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Craig Bannister Brent Bozell Confirmed as U.S. Ambassador to South Africa On Thursday, the U.S. Senate confirmed Media Research Center founder and President Emeritus L. Brent Bozell III as U.S. Ambassador to South Africa, despite obstructionist tactics by Democrats. Craig Bannister 3 House Dems Help Cancel Rogue Republicans, Pass Bill Protecting Kids Three House Democrats voted Wednesday to protect children from transgender procedures, passing a bill that would otherwise have failed because four Republicans voted against it. Craig Bannister White House, Analysts Cheer Cooler-than-Expected November Inflation Inflation in November was lower than analysts had predicted, the monthly Consumer Price Index (CPI) report released by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) on Thursday reveals. Craig Bannister Trump: The ‘Fake’ in ‘Fake News’ Isn’t Strong Enough, Just Look at CNN Someone needs to come up with a “more powerful” word than “fake” to describe just how despicable today’s legacy media have become, President Donald Trump said Tuesday at a White House Hanukkah reception. Craig Bannister Fund Manager and CFO Confidence ‘Soars,’ Hitting 4-Year High Chief financial officers (CFOs) and fund managers at large-scale companies are the most optimistic they’ve been in four years, results of two closely-watched polls released this week reveal. Craig Bannister ‘Shocking New Docs’ Show Biden’s DOJ Pressured FBI to Raid Mar-a-Lago “It's true,” FBI Director Kash Patel confirmed Tuesday amid reports that newly-declassified documents show that President Joe Biden’s Department of Justice (DOJ) pressured the FBI to conduct the infamous 2022 raid of then-former President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago home – even though the FBI repeated warned that such a raid was unwarranted. Craig Bannister Employment ‘Little Changed’ in November, Despite 168K Federal Drop Despite a loss of 168,000 federal government jobs, November’s unemployment situation was “little changed,” the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) reported Tuesday. Craig Bannister DC Police Chief Forced Staff to Underreport Crime Counts: House Report Serious crimes are being dishonestly downgraded to keep them from public view and understate the severity of the crime problem in the Nation’s Capital - due to the orders and coercion tactics of the Metropolitan Police Department - a House Oversight Committee report reveals. Craig Bannister Pagination Page 1 Next page ›› The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating
								under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are
								tax-deductible. Company About NewsBusters Testimonials Donate Contact Us Careers MRC Programs MRC CNSNews.com MRCTV Free Speech America MRC Action MRC Latino MRC Culture MRC Business Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Features Dark Mode Light Mode Search CONNECT Sign up for our NB Daily newsletter to receive the latest news Monday through Friday. Subscribe © 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.