Syracuse News, Weather, Sports, Breaking News Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Download the App Get your news faster with our mobile experience Install News News City of Oswego prepared for upcoming snowstorm Parts of Oswego County could see feet of snow over the next couple of days. This is on top of leftover snow from recent snow storms. The City of Oswego will be Heavy lake effect snow returning to parts of central New York to start the New Year After record breaking snowfall in Syracuse on Tuesday, the heavy lake effect snow returns to start the New Year but this time we're expect the snowfall to impac Big Time Rush cancels Syracuse concert date and others Big Time Rush is no longer coming to Central New York as planned.The band's performance was originally scheduled for January 31, at the OnCenter in Syracuse.I Kids, parents enjoy a wild Noon Year's Eve at the Rosamond Gifford Zoo Staff say this is an excellent time to see those animals that are more acclimated to cold weather, such as the Amur tigers, red pandas, and markhor. Local Nation & World I-Team SkyEye One Crisis in the Classroom CNY Housing Crisis CNY Schools School Closings Spotlight on America Offbeat Amazing America Entertainment Connect To Congress Beyond The Podium Question of the Day Inside Your World Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Education Matters For Pet's Sake @ Your Service NBC3 Livestream CBS5 Livestream Elections New York News New York State Fair Crime Politics Criminally Obsessed Weather Current Weather Syracuse Snow Early 26 F 16 / 12 Today 16 / 12 Thursday 16 / 13 Friday 23 / 18 Latest Weathercast Latest Weathercast Radar Maps Cameras Live Triple Doppler Radar Hurricane Tracker Closings Submit a Closing See It Send It Weather Wisdom NBC3 | CBS5 | CW6 NBC3 | CBS5 | CW6 Gov. Hochul announces $43M in FAST NY grants to boost upstate development projects Governor Hochul announced that more than $43 million has been awarded to support five development projects across upstate counties. HOLIDAY TRIVIA OFFICIAL CONTEST RULES HOLIDAY TRIVIA OFFICIAL CONTEST RULESContest: HOLIDAY TRIVIAMarket(s)/Station(s): Abilene, TX (KTXS), Albany/Schenectady/Troy, NY (WCWN,WRGB), Amarillo, TX (KVI Man stole car at knifepoint during test drive, police say ALBANY, N.Y. (WRGB) &mdash; Police say a man stole a 2026 Dodge Durango at knifepoint during a test drive.It happened at Armory Dodge at 785 Central Avenue in Albany Fidelis Care offering free healthcare services at the NYS Fair Fidelis Care is offering free healthcare services at The New York State Fair for Women's Day on Wednesday. Schedule Contact People Contests Careers Terms Copyright EEO Privacy Get the CNY Weather App Get the CNY Central App Lotto Numbers Your Town Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Money Cents Town Hall sign up Newsletter Sign Up Advertise With Us CNY Realtor CNY Central Health Corner CNY At Home 2025 Game Center Game Center Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Sports Watch Live Now 26 ° Thu 18 ° Fri 23 ° Search Search User Icon Watch Search News Down Arrow News Home Local Nation & World I-Team SkyEye One Crisis in the Classroom CNY Housing Crisis CNY Schools School Closings Spotlight on America Offbeat Amazing America Entertainment Connect To Congress Beyond The Podium Know Your Candidates Question of the Day Inside Your World Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson Education Matters For Pet's Sake @ Your Service NBC3 Livestream CBS5 Livestream Elections New York News New York State Fair Crime Politics Criminally Obsessed Weather Down Arrow Weather Home Radar Maps Cameras Live Triple Doppler Radar Hurricane Tracker Closings Submit a Closing See It Send It Weather Wisdom NBC3 | CBS5 | CW6 Down Arrow NBC3 | CBS5 | CW6 Home Schedule Contact People Contests Careers Terms Copyright EEO Privacy Get the CNY Weather App Get the CNY Central App Lotto Numbers Your Town Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Money Cents Town Hall sign up Newsletter Sign Up Advertise With Us CNY Realtor CNY Central Health Corner CNY At Home 2025 Game Center Down Arrow Game Center Home Daily Crossword Guess Word Jewel Block Micro Crossword Classic Sudoku Word Search Safe Driving Sports Down Arrow Sports Home Orange Zone College High School Friday Night Football CNY Central Athlete of the Week Olympics More Sports TICKETS City Guide Why Am I A Mets Fan? Syracuse Mets Baseball Friday Night Lights Syracuse Crunch Money Down Arrow Money Home Deposits Investing Mortgages Loans Credit Cards Chime In Newsletter Sign Up Deals Traffic Legal Down Arrow Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report WSTM FCC Info WSTM FCC Applications WTVH FCC Applications WTVH FCC Info WKOF FCC Applications WKOF FCC Info Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests facebook icon twitter icon ACCESSIBILITY City of Oswego prepared for upcoming snowstorm Parts of Oswego County could see feet of snow over the next couple of days. This is on top of leftover snow from recent snow storms. The City of Oswego will be Syracuse Men's Basketball drops ACC Opener to Clemson 64-61 SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) &mdash; RJ Godfrey scored 14 points, Carter Welling made a key free throw and steal in the final seconds, and Clemson edged Syracuse 64-61 in an A Heavy lake effect snow returning to parts of central New York to start the New Year After record breaking snowfall in Syracuse on Tuesday, the heavy lake effect snow returns to start the New Year but this time we're expect the snowfall to impac Localized heavy snow continues north, more snow & cold is coming for all Syracuse, N.Y. - Man arrested for making threats against New Year's Eve event in Seneca Falls The Town of Seneca Falls Police Department and the Seneca County District Attorney's Office worked together to arrest 24, Mekhi Russ.It follows an investigatio Kids, parents enjoy a wild Noon Year's Eve at the Rosamond Gifford Zoo Staff say this is an excellent time to see those animals that are more acclimated to cold weather, such as the Amur tigers, red pandas, and markhor. Big Time Rush cancels Syracuse concert date and others Big Time Rush is no longer coming to Central New York as planned.The band's performance was originally scheduled for January 31, at the OnCenter in Syracuse.I Woman scolds influencer for asking if she's running a daycare out of her home in Seattle A reporter in Seattle, Washington, was scolded by a woman wearing a headscarf for asking if she was running a daycare out of her home. CNY nursing home added to federal list of worst in the country A troubled Syracuse nursing home has been ranked as one of the worst in America.Van Duyn Center for Rehabilitation and Nursing has been added to the federal li These five states ban SNAP purchases of soda and candy as part of health initiative 5 states will roll out food restriction waivers for sugary drinks and candy on January 1. Local News Woman accused of abandoning child, animals in Penn Yan Penn Yan, N.Y. &mdash; A woman is wanted on charges including abandoning a child and animals in Yates County. A look back at the biggest stories at the New York State Capital in 2025 Life at the New York State Capital featured it's usual budget battles, spirited rallies, and floor debates, but also a unique layer of federal government action Onondaga County will begin distributing bottled water amid regional emergency In a statement to the press, the county executive says "conservation efforts continue to be successful and water levels remain stable." A snow day for the dogs in Central New York Furry friends are loving the mountains of snow after a lake-effect system slammed the area.Have a pet who can't get enough of the flakes? We want to see them! Woman dies from injuries less than a week after Syracuse house fire The Syracuse Fire Department confirmed 57, Susan Jensen died from her injuries sustained in a house fire on Fourth North Street.Jensen was taken to the hospita 2 people arrested in Oswego County after multiple animals found dead inside home New York State Police launched an investigation in the town of Williamstown after cats, dogs, rabbits, and guinea pigs were found dead inside a home.The landlo Oswego County limits public transportation services due to weather conditions The Oswego County Department of Mobility Management announced OPT Route 13 will be closed on December 31 due to inclement weather.The route serves parts of Fu See More Right arrow Watch Live Stay Connected facebook icon twitter icon Envelope Newsletter Sign Up Right arrow Content Concerns Right arrow Trending 2 people arrested in Oswego County after multiple animals found dead inside home New York State Police launched an investigation in the town of Williamstown after cats, dogs, rabbits, and guinea pigs were found dead inside a home.The landlo Heavy lake effect snow returning to parts of central New York to start the New Year After record breaking snowfall in Syracuse on Tuesday, the heavy lake effect snow returns to start the New Year but this time we're expect the snowfall to impac FBI joins search for missing teen Camila Olmos, mental health possible concern SAN ANTONIO - UPDATE (12/29): Bexar County Sheriff Javier Salazar gives an update on the ongoing search efforts for 19-year-old Camila Olmos Mendoza.ORIGINAL S Record setting snowfall in Syracuse Tuesday, top 5 snowiest December and season Snow CNY nursing home added to federal list of worst in the country A troubled Syracuse nursing home has been ranked as one of the worst in America.Van Duyn Center for Rehabilitation and Nursing has been added to the federal li Sports Freese and Luna highlight year of emerging U.S. Soccer talent Tim Howard and Landon Donovan identify their 2025 U.S. Soccer Breakthrough Men's Players of the Year. Syracuse football starting wide receiver announces he will enter NCAA transfer portal Ahead of the NCAA transfer portal officially opening, Syracuse football has had yet another player announce their intention to depart the program.Junior wide r Toyota High School Athlete of the Year: Bishop-Ludden Grimes' Mary Detor CNY Central chose Bishop-Ludden Grimes' Mary Detor as our Toyota High School Athlete of the Year.Our team first covered her back in October when we found out s Which Mets top prospects can fans look forward to seeing at NBT Bank Stadium this spring? With MLB Opening Day less than 100 days away, fans are gearing up for another season of Triple-A baseball at NBT Bank Stadium. Josh Allen blames himself for failed 2-point conversion in final seconds of Bills' loss Josh Allen sat glumly at the postgame lectern, his mood resembling the dark clouds that hung over Highmark Stadium on Sunday. SU men's basketball preps for ACC play: what does Jim Boeheim think this team can be? Syracuse men's basketball (9-4) is getting set to open conference play against Clemson (10-3) on December 31st.The team handled a challenging non-conference sla Getting to know Syracuse Crunch Head Coach Joel Bouchard Joel Bouchard is in his third season as head coach of the Syracuse Crunch.Bouchard, 51, was named the 10th head coach in Crunch franchise history on June 26, 20 See More Right arrow I-TEAM Onondaga County Water Authority knew of leak two months earlier than claimed, records show Newly uncovered court records show the Onondaga County Water Authority had concerns in June about a leak on the main transmission line to the eastern customers. 'Low risk' sex offenders convicted again; this designation kept them practically hidden Two federal child porn cases ended in plea deals earlier this week. Bridge strikes could soon cost drivers eight license points, state regulation shows Drivers who strike the Onondaga Lake Parkway or Park Street railroad bridges in Central New York will soon face a bigger penalty from the state. See More Right arrow Nation & World Timeline: Breaking down key events in Minnesota's fraud scandal Authorities say fraudsters have claimed billions of federal dollars in Minnesota, taking money meant to care for children and other vulnerable citizens. 3 more 'narco-terrorists' killed in boat strike, possibly leaving survivors: US military The U.S. military on Wednesday announced it launched attacks on three more boats that were allegedly smuggling drugs. Trump administration cuts funding to childcare services in MN amid fraud claims The Trump administration is ending 2025 in a similar way to how it started the year, making major cuts to funding. Will legitimate Minnesota childcare centers be hurt by fraud-fighting funding freeze? Health and Human Services Deputy Secretary Jim O'Neill announced his agency has frozen all childcare payments to Minnesota to root out fraud in the state. See More Right arrow Money Mortgage rates hold steady after Fed rate cut Mortgage rates held steady following the final Fed cut of the year. Mortgage rates dip back down following Fed cut Mortgage rates fell a bit this week following the final Fed cut of the year. FHA vs. VA loans: What’s the difference, and which is better for you? Two government-backed mortgage programs, each with unique benefits There’s still a nationwide shortage of homes — so why are sellers getting desperate in some places? There’s a national housing shortage, yet buyers are in control in many markets. Here’s how to think about the housing supply in the U.S. Survey: Fewer Americans believe their finances will improve in the year ahead, compared to past 2 years Americans are growing more pessimistic about their finances amid inflation and job worries. Debunking your realtor’s “ 30% rule ” — Americans need to set aside 43% of their income for a home The longstanding affordability benchmark appears to have become obsolete. I dreamed about homeownership for years. The reality isn’t what I expected Homeownership isn’t always the dream&mdash;you may sacrifice more than you expect. See More Right arrow Featured Videos Sponsored Content SPONSORED Ask a Pharmacist: The first over-the-counter birth control pill Opill is the first and only FDA-approved daily oral contraceptive for over-the-counter use, meaning no prescription is required. It&rsquo;s 98% effective at preventin SPONSORED Ask a Pharmacist: Creating a customized first aid kit A first aid kit is an essential resource, whether at home, on vacation or at work.First aid kits come in a lot of different shapes and sizes. You can buy pre-ma SPONSORED Ask a Pharmacist: Getting ahead of pesky seasonal allergies Runny nose, itchy eyes and constant sneezing means it's already allergy season!Seasonal allergies develop when the body's immune system overreacts to something SPONSORED Ask a Pharmacist: Summer sunscreen tips CNY Central will ask a pharmacist questions viewers have related to health medications and drugs to provide the tools to stay safe and stay healthy.Now that sum SPONSORED Why are low-income teens more likely to get pregnant? The U. S. birth rate for teenage women aged 15 to 19 is at an all-time low. According to the CDC, the number of teens giving birth has dropped 8 percent since 2014. But, the U. S. teen pregnancy rate is still significantly higher than in other western industrialized nations, especially in upstate New York. Syracuse and Onondaga County have a significant teen pregnancy problem. Teen pregnancy rates per 1,000 are some of the highest in upstate New York. SPONSORED Answers to the questions you're too scared to ask about sex Let's talk about sex. That squeamish subject that you just can't bring yourself to talk about with your mom or dad, or counselor, or teacher, or any adult in your life, really. Because maybe you're just curious, and maybe you think you're not ready yet, but you'd like to know more. It's never too early to start learning how to practice safe sex for when the right moment, and the right person, comes along. So here are some of your most pressing sex questions, answered:Where can I get condoms? SPONSORED What teens need to know about long-acting reversible contraceptives When it comes to sexually active teenagers, there's good news and bad news. The good news? Nearly 90 percent of teens ages 15 to 19 report using birth control the last time they had sex. The bad news? Less than 5 percent of those teens used the most effective type of birth control. According to the CDC, most teens use birth control pills and condoms; methods which are less effective at preventing pregnancy when not used properly. SPONSORED Funeral Ceremonies Are For Survivors Grief is described as "deep sorrow, especially that caused by someone's death." To better understand our grief, we have funerals. The ceremony, or structured event dedicated to the deceased helps us to better understand and express our grief, and our love, SPONSORED Why Do I Need a Full-Service Funeral Home? When you know what brand and model car you want, it's smart to shop dealerships to get the best deal. After all, the car is the same; the only difference is the cost.This mindset doesn't work when selecting a professional service. Every hospital has its ow SPONSORED The Importance of Funeral Pre-Planning Nationally, the economy is in an upswing, but it may not feel that way to some of us. Many families are still living with a budget and unexpected purchases, like a funeral, can put a strain on finances. Add in the emotional toll of losing a loved one, and SPONSORED Creating a Meaningful Service With Cremation The reasons for preferring cremation are varied. To some people it seems a more natural and environmentally sensitive process than burial. Still others are not sure why they feel more comfortable with cremation but are interested in learning more.Another r Previous page 1 /0 Next page Popular Galleries Previous page Next page Entertainment Jennifer Lopez responds after commenters say she’s 'always naked' Jennifer Lopez clapped back at haters saying she doesn't "dress her age" while kicking off her Las Vegas residency. The six best New Year’s episodes of TV to ring in 2026! It's time to ring in the new year with some classic sitcom episodes that celebrate the changing of the calendar. Chevy Chase called "rudest ever" by director after shocking interview encounter Marina Zenovich, the director behind "I’m Chevy Chase, and You’re Not" speaks out on her personal negative experience with one of Hollywood's great enigmas. The most annoying songs of 2025 have been revealed! The most annoying songs of the year have been named via research from StudyFinds.org.The ticket search engine SeatPick revealed data from a study of viral songs Spanks for the memories! Why Timothée Chalamet refuses to use a butt double Timothée Chalamet went full method actor for his spanking scene in "Marty Supreme." Exes & Ohs: From Britney to Bieber, a New Year’s Eve blast from the past A look back at iconic exes, famous friends, and sexy socialites from NYE past. The 15 biggest pop culture moments of the year! Before we kick off the new year, we’ve got a look back at the best, weirdest, saddest, and most memorable pop culture moments from 2025. The 'crazy' reason Cynthia Erivo refuses to eat anything on planes The "Wicked" star reveals why she skips all meals in the sky. Stars we lost in 2025: Rob Reiner, Ozzy Osbourne, Hulk Hogan, Diane Keaton & so many more As the year is coming to a close, we remember all the stars who passed away, leaving their legacy and projects behind to be remembered by. Prince William's massive annual salary revealed in 2025 royal report From castles to cash flow, Prince William’s latest royal report reveals an eye-opening annual income. 'The Wire' and 'Veep' star Isiah Whitlock Jr. dead at 71 Isiah Whitlock Jr., known for his roles on shows like &ldquo;The Wire&rdquo; and &ldquo;Veep,&rdquo; has died at 71, his manager confirmed. Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she refused to film an explicit sex scene with THIS star Gwyneth Paltrow revealed why she refused to film a spicy scene early in her career with a handsome co-star. Watch Robert Irwin rank birds based on their rizz, crowns a controversial no. 1 The wildlife conservationist has the internet divided after he sparked debate over ranking birds by "rizz." Ian Ziering has been accused of battery and assault from 2023 biker altercation &ldquo;Beverly Hills 90210&rdquo; star Ian Ziering has been accused of battery and assault stemming from a 2023 altercation during a supposed road rage incident. Jennifer Lopez is not ready to start dating again after her divorce from Ben Affleck Jennifer Lopez is not ready to start dating again after her public divorce. See More Right arrow Previous page Next page SkyEye One WATCH: SkyEye One flies over Cazenovia Lake It's a thing of beauty, especially from the sky!  SkyEye One flew Cazenovia Lake where the icy is beginning to thaw. Watch below: Caption: WATCH: SkyEye One flies over Cazenovia Lake (CNY Central). Watch more of our drone video HERE. CNY Central's Drone Pilots are FAA certified and per FAA Part 107 rules can legally fly one hour before or after civil twilight. WATCH: SkyEye One flies over Tipperary Hill on St. Patrick's Day It was a sea of green on Syracuse's Tipperary Hill for St. Patrick's Day! SkyEye One flew over Tipp Hill as people celebrated sunshine, green beer and everything Irish. Watch below: Caption: WATCH: SkyEye One flies over Tipperary Hill on St. Patrick's Day (CNY Central). Watch more of our drone video HERE. CNY Central's Drone Pilots are FAA certified and per FAA Part 107 rules can legally fly one hour before or after civil twilight. WATCH: Gorgeous scenes over Taughannock Falls Spring is here in Central New York and as it gets warmer for outside activities, we sent the SkyEye One team to Taughannock Falls to see some of nature's unparalleled beauty. [CLICK HERE for your Weather Authority forecast] Caption: Taughannock Falls, located between Trumansburg and Ithaca, has stunning views and hiking options (CNY Central Drone Team). Watch more of our drone video HERE. See More Right arrow Auto Matters Need-to-know tips for driving in winter weather Winter is in full swing, which means many drivers no longer have the luxury of jumping in the car at the last minute before appointments, errands or events. Dri More people hopping on the electric vehicle wave Every year, more people seem to be joining the electric vehicle wave.On Saturday, EV owners gathered at RIT to show off their rides, at the 10th annual National Volkswagen to close Europe plants for two weeks FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) &mdash; Volkswagen said Tuesday it would close most of its European plants for two weeks due to uncertainty about demand for cars and supplies of parts amid the virus outbreak. CEO Herbert Diess made the announcement at the start of the company's annual news conference. The dpa news agency, citing employee representatives, said that the last shifts would run this Friday in most locations. Lawsuit to be filed against Kia, Hyundai over vehicle thefts Attorney Zach Klein announced Monday his intent to file a lawsuit against Kia and Hyundai for their failure to include anti-theft technology in vehicles that ha See More Right arrow Athlete of the Week TOYOTA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETE OF THE WEEK: Nottingham's Delilah Pandori-Howell Delilah Pandori-Howell, a standout cross country athlete from Nottingham, has turned adversity into achievement, earning the title of Toyota High School Athlete TOYOTA HIGH SCHOOL TEAM OF THE WEEK: Syracuse Institute of Technology Central Football The Syracuse Institute of Technology Central (I-T-C) football team is making waves in the Class B rankings despite lacking a home field.The Eagles, part of the TOYOTA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETE OF THE WEEK: Fabius-Pompey senior Carlena Wallace Fabius-Pompey High School senior Carlena Wallace made history this week by becoming the first Section 3 player to reach 1,000 points this year and the first Fab See More Right arrow Neighborhood West Nile cases rise to three in Onondaga County; officials urge public vigilance Two new human cases of West Nile Virus were reported in Onondaga County, bringing 2025's total number of cases to three. 2nd annual Syracuse Inner Harbor Fest marks return of Dragon Boat Races, family fun The Syracuse Inner Harbor Fest is returning for its second year to bring the community together for two days of excitement, camaraderie and charity! Syracuse ranks fifth nationwide in home value growth with a 77.6% surge since October 2019 According to a recent Realtor.com article, Syracuse is number five in a list of top ten cities that has seen a huge change in home value. Macedonian Ethnic Festival returns for 22nd year first weekend of August From August 2 to August 4 the St. George Macedonian Orthodox Church is bringing back its annual Macedonian Ethnic Festival. See More Right arrow ACCESSIBILITY Download Our Mobile Apps: Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices EEO Public File Report WSTM FCC Info WSTM FCC Applications WTVH FCC Applications WTVH FCC Info WKOF FCC Applications WKOF FCC Info Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests News Weather Sports Contests Game Center Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share Cookie Preferences facebook icon twitter icon 2026 Sinclair, Inc.