Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival If you are using a screen reader and are
            having problems using this website, please
            call (888) 226-0076 for assistance. Please note, this number is for
            accessibility issues and is not a
            ticketing hotline. APR 10-12 & 17-19, 2026 Join Waitlist Music Lineup Look at it, listen to it, love it YouTube Livestream Watch both weekends live. Only on YouTube Documentary Coachella: 20 Years in the Desert Past Festivals View previous lineups Passes Pass Types Find out which pass is right for you Pass & Order Info Payment plan, delivery, will call & more Amex® Passes Exclusive passes, Card Member Perks & more Hotel Packages Bundle Hotels & Passes Waitlist Miss out on passes? Join the waitlist now Resale Plans changed? See if your passes are eligible to offer for sale via AXS Official Resale. Plan Festival Info General info, hours, health & safety Mobile App Download the app now Camping Camping rules, hours and more helpful info Getting Here Driving directions, shuttles, parking and more Support & FAQS Find the answers to your questions Accessibility / ADA Accessibility info Experience Activities & Amenities Beyond the stages Art Meet the artists Eat & Drink Featured restaurants, drinks, Outstanding in the Field, and more Photo Gallery 2025 highlights SHOP Search APR 10-12 & 17-19, 2026 Music Passes Plan Experience SHOP Search Join Waitlist Lineup Look at it, listen to it, love it YouTube Livestream Watch both weekends live. Only on YouTube Documentary Coachella: 20 Years in the Desert Past Festivals View previous lineups Pass Types Find out which pass is right for you Pass & Order Info Payment plan, delivery, will call & more Amex® Passes Exclusive passes, Card Member Perks & more Hotel Packages Bundle Hotels & Passes Waitlist Miss out on passes? Join the waitlist now Resale Plans changed? See if your passes are eligible to offer for sale via AXS Official Resale. Festival Info General info, hours, health & safety Mobile App Download the app now Camping Camping rules, hours and more helpful info Getting Here Driving directions, shuttles, parking and more Support & FAQS Find the answers to your questions Accessibility / ADA Accessibility info Activities & Amenities Beyond the stages Art Meet the artists Eat & Drink Featured restaurants, drinks, Outstanding in the Field, and more Photo Gallery 2025 highlights 2026 Passes Are Sold Out Join Waitlist W1 Join Waitlist W2 Bundle Hotel & Passes View Pass Types Bundle Hotel & Passes Bundle your festival passes with local resort accommodations and Coachella shuttle transportation. Purchase Now Camp Onsite Experience Coachella from sunrise to sunset. Camping puts you at the heart of the action, surrounded by music, friends, and unforgettable moments. Learn More Shuttle Passes Skip driving & figuring out parking. Hop on at any participating shuttle stop and travel to/from the festival in comfort and ease. Learn More Discover Coachella LINEUP Discover your new favorite artist Learn More FOLLOW ALONG Stay up-to-date with all things Coachella Learn More FAQS Find answers to your questions Learn More Coachella 2026 Get the App General Info Support & FAQ Accessibility / ADA Get The Newsletter Our Partners Contact Us Health & Safety ©
                2025 Goldenvoice Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Festival Ticket Terms Terms of Use Accessibility Statement Cookie Preferences Close Search