Cobrowse - Enterprise Cobrowsing on Web, iOS & Android Open main menu Go back Powerful, Flexible and Trustworthy. Avoid all extra friction for both Agents and Customers. Product Overview Feature Spotlights Mobile Co-browse Private by Default Universal Co-browsing Self-Hosted Deployments Explore All Integrations Salesforce Talkdesk Zendesk Intercom Explore All AI Virtual Agent Co-browse Equip AI agents with real-time visibility into customer screens. Learn more Product About us Pricing Go back Solutions Remote Support Remote Sales CX Platforms / CCaaS Industries Telecom Financial Services Healthcare Human Resources Retail Insurance Use Cases Go back For Customers Blog Feature Spotlights Case Studies Publications Data Security & Privacy Contact Sales For Developers Documentation Custom Agent Embeds Platform Integrations Deployment Models Platforms Supported Submit a Support Ticket Publications 2025 Co-browsing Market Data Report How prevalent is co-browsing technology amongst top enterprises in key industries? Resources Log In Register Log In / Register Try Online Demo Now with AI Virtual Agents Better support through Visual Intelligence for Human + AI Agents Try Online Demo Contact Sales Trusted by companies delivering world class customer experiences The problem Be there when customers need you most In today’s world, your brand’s digital experiences across mobile and web are core to your customer experience. These channels enable self-service, facilitate transactions, and drive customer loyalty. During critical moments, your most valuable customers are feeling frustrated and call on your support channels. 80 % of people say the experience a company provides is as important as its product or services. Salesforce 70 % of online shopping carts are abandoned. Baymard Institute 58 % of consumers have stopped doing business with an organization due to poor service. Microsoft 88 % of customers say good customer service makes them more likely to purchase again. Salesforce The solution: Cobrowse Equip your agents to see customer problems clearly Cobrowse enables your Human and AI agents to collaboratively browse and navigate your digital channels with your customers in real time. In a perfect world, customers can solve their issue quickly, and be left with a strong brand experience that will drive their loyalty for years to come. Free ebook 2025 Industry Report on Co-browse Technology How prevalent is co-browsing technology across financial services, telecoms, retail, and SaaS? Download Our Market Report Download our data-driven industry report Virtual Agents Equip AI agents with real-time visibility and collaborative tools Extend co-browsing capabilities to your AI agents—enabling them to see, guide, and resolve with human-level precision while maintaining enterprise security Visual intelligence for AI agents Give AI agents real-time visibility into customer screens to diagnose issues accurately instead of relying on text descriptions alone. Collaborative & Interactive Visual Tools AI agents access the full co-browsing toolkit—drawing, annotations, and pointers—to provide step-by-step visual guidance through complex processes. AI-ready enterprise security Granular redaction controls and private-by-default options ensure AI agents operate within your security and compliance requirements. Learn More About AI Co-Browsing One powerful technology that increases customer loyalty and agent success at the same time. Empower your Frontline Agents When you empower your agents with visual context to see customer problems clearly, they can delight customers while increasing their own job satisfaction at the same time. This leads to higher retention and less re-training, while improving agent success metrics across the board. Enhance your Customers experience Customer loyalty is determined by the strength of your relationship, and how you perform during a few, critical moments. Visual collaboration during these pivotal interactions drives higher customer satisfaction and builds stronger loyalty and advocacy for your brand. 26 % decrease in handle time 90 % customer satisfaction 15 % higher resolution rate 92 % agent satisfaction This technology has proven invaluable for tackling complex cases , assisting new customers, and supporting those who may be less tech-savvy. Athanasios Chatzoglou Director of Customer Service Read Case Study With Cobrowse, we get the right guy on the call. They give us the correct feedback, they guide us, and we get responses within the hour. Lance Swartz Head of Contact Centre System Support Read Case Study Cobrowse delivers a wide range of benefits to our business. It improves customer satisfaction and confidence that their issue is being resolved by the agent. Ian Roberts Director of Care Operations and Technology Read Case Study Cobrowse provides invaluable insights into what our Health Care Professionals are experiencing in real-time Clayton Panzeri Director of Support Read Case Study Why Cobrowse.io? Powerful Enjoy universal cobrowsing across all platforms, effortlessly navigating mobile apps, third-party sites, and modern web frameworks. Flexible Cobrowse.io optimizes for your business outcomes, offering flexible APIs and configuration options to seamlessly integrate into your existing workflows. Trustworthy Ensure compliance with our private-by-default data redaction and unparalleled audit capabilities, offering complete control. Cobrowsing is evolving Harness the power of Cobrowse to enable both agents and customers to succeed. Contact Sales Try Online Demo Troubleshoot your apps remotely Status Running Features Product About us Pricing Contact us Resources Documentation Agent Integration Agent Side Integration Self Hosting Enterprise Self Hosting Knowledge Base Support Request Submit a Support Request Legal Privacy Policy Legal Terms & DPA Security SLA Service Level Agreement Socials Github Twitter Linkedin © 2018-2025, Cobrowse.io LLC. All rights reserved.