This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Skip to Content

Trusted evidence.
Informed decisions.
Better health.

Basic Search
Title Abstract Keyword
Browse Advanced search
 Review language : English  Website language : English
 Sign In
Cochrane reviews
Searching for trials
Clinical Answers
About
Help
About Cochrane
Effects of HPV vaccination programmes on community rates
Read review
❮
❯


     
Scientific Strategy
Climate change and sustainability
Infectious diseases
Maternal, newborn and child health
Multiple chronic conditions
View all ▶
Topics
Blood and immune system conditions
Cancer
Cardiovascular conditions
Cellular and gene therapies
Complementary and alternative therapies
Digestive system conditions
Ear, nose and throat conditions
Endocrinal, nutritional and metabolic disorders
Eyes and vision
Fertility, pregnancy and childbirth
Gynaecological conditions
Infections
Injuries and wounds
Lifestyle and wellbeing
Liver conditions
Mental health and behavioural conditions
Musculoskeletal conditions
Neurological conditions
Public Health
Radiotherapy
Respiratory conditions
Skin conditions
Urological conditions
Stay connected with us
Set email alerts
Search and Central sign up
 Follow us on Bluesky 
Latest news from Cochrane
Community voices: meet Yasmine 

15 December 2025

Yasmine is a member of the Patient and Public Network and a Cochrane US Year 4 trainee. Yasmine began by contributing to plain language summaries through Cochrane Engage and is now part of a global research project. She shares where this had lead.

School feeding programs lead to modest but meaningful results

11 December 2025

Free or subsidized school meals lead to modest gains in math and school enrolment, according to a new Cochrane review that examined the global impact of school feeding programs on disadvantaged children in both high-income countries and low- and middle-income countries.

New evidence questions the benefit of calcium supplements in pregnancy for preventing pre-eclampsia

03 December 2025

An updated Cochrane review has found that calcium supplementation has no effect on pre-eclampsia, challenging long-held assumptions about the role of calcium in preventing hypertensive disorders in pregnancy.

View All
Get involved
Our evidence
Our journal
How to order
Our products
 
Cochrane is a global, independent, not-for-profit network of health researchers and professionals, patients and carers who work together to produce and promote trusted, high-quality health information
Browse Publications
Browse by Subject
Advertisers & Agents
Contact Us
Help & Support
Terms & Conditions

Copyright © 2000 - 2025 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
All rights reserved, including rights for text and data mining and training of artificial intelligence technologies or similar technologies.
Review our Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences