Skip to main content
EnglishEspañolفارسیFrançaisРусскийHrvatskiDeutschBahasa Malaysiaไทย繁體中文简体中文
	
About Cochrane translations
	
Log inCochrane Library
About us
 
Our evidence
 
Get involved
 
Learn
 
Products and services
 
For authors
Close search results
Only our evidence Only "Handbook" Exclude our evidence Exclude news
STATISTICS THAT
SAVE LIVES

We examine the evidence behind questions that affect people’s lives, empowering everyone to make better decisions

We change lives
and systems

Two thirds of new World Health Organization guidelines in the past 5 years cite at least 1 Cochrane review. Read about our impact.

Our evidence
is trusted

Scientists, policymakers and decision-makers turn to us for evidence they can rely on. Learn why our evidence is trusted.

We collaborate
globally

We produce outstanding evidence by collaborating with a wide range of experts and members of the public. Get involved.

News

School feeding programs lead to modest but meaningful results

11 December 2025

Free or subsidized school meals lead to modest gains in math and school enrolment, according to a new Cochrane review that examined the global impact of school feeding programs on disadvantaged children in both high-income countries and low- and middle-income countries.

New evidence questions the benefit of calcium supplements in pregnancy for preventing pre-eclampsia

3 December 2025

An updated Cochrane review has found that calcium supplementation has no effect on pre-eclampsia, challenging long-held assumptions about the role of calcium in preventing hypertensive disorders in pregnancy.

New research confirms HPV vaccination prevents cervical cancer

24 November 2025

Two new Cochrane reviews show strong and consistent evidence that HPV vaccines are effective in preventing cervical cancer and pre-cancerous changes, especially when given to young people before they are exposed to the virus.

What do we know about the HPV vaccine?

24 November 2025

Learn about HPV as we answer common questions and explore how vaccination can protect children.

More news
We work to improve health for all
We translate our evidence into 20+ languages
Our global network spans over 100 countries
Patients and the public help produce our evidence
We offer free health evidence and learning resources to all
Latest evidence

How well does the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) identify anxiety disorders? | 19 December 2025
Do rapid genetic tests (molecular tests) for tuberculosis improve health outcomes compared to tests traditionally used to detect TB (microscopy and culture)? | 18 December 2025
Do multi-component approaches help adolescents living with obesity to improve their well-being and health behaviours? | 18 December 2025

Read more evidence in the Cochrane Library

What makes Cochrane unique?

Read about our unique health evidence, how we work and the difference we make.

About us

Need a custom evidence service?

We offer tools, data and custom services to anyone who uses health evidence.

Our products and services

Writing a Cochrane review?

Looking for guidance with writing a review? Interested in becoming a Cochrane author?

Publishing with Cochrane

I knew Cochrane's systematic reviews would be reliable, free from vested interest, and regularly updated. That was what I needed to escape the confusion, the anecdotes, and the emotion."
Go to plain language summaries of our evidence
Cochrane helps me to help myself, and to help many...The Cochrane Library gives you reliable information, up-to-date information, which makes you a more intelligent and more involved patient."
Enrich our evidence: become a peer reviewer
Did you know...
Cochrane Evidence Synthesis and Methods is our fully open access journal that aims to develop the evidence base for how we produce and publish evidence syntheses.

Go to Cochrane Evidence Synthesis and Methods

Trusted evidence.
Informed decisions.
Better health.

11-13 Cavendish Square
London
W1G 0AN
United Kingdom

Contact us
News
Press office
About us
Jobs
Cochrane Library
The Cochrane Collaboration is a charity (no. 1045921) and a company limited by guarantee (no. 03044323) registered in England & Wales. VAT registration number GB 718 2127 49.
Copyright © 2025 The Cochrane Collaboration
Website Terms & Conditions | Disclaimer | Privacy | Cookie policy | Cookie settings
Our use of cookies

We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. We won't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Using this tool will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. You can always change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the 'Cookies settings' link in the footer of every page.
For more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our Cookies page.

Accept all Configure