COD.edu | College of DuPage Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Quick Links Blackboard Calendars COD Student Email Directory Important Dates and Deadlines Give InsideCOD Portal Library News Search for Courses Community Offerings Visit Info For Alumni Community Members & Local Businesses Continuing Education Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Military & Veteran Students Vendors Search College of DuPage Search Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with Chappy . Chat - Apply for Credit Classes. - Apply for Continuing Education Classes. Apply Academics Academics Home Catalog Academic Opportunities Accreditation Continuing Education Career and Technical Education English Language Learners Faculty Areas of Study Areas of Study Home New Degrees and Certificates Degree Programs Certificate Programs New Classes Find Your Path Career and Technical Programs Transfer Information Academic ELS Admissions Admissions Home Enrollment Center Contact Admissions & Outreach High School Students International Students Placement Testing Steps to Enrollment Visit COD Student Services Student Services Home Access and Accommodations Advising Services Counseling Services Enrollment Important Dates and Deadlines Tutoring and Academic Support Center Office of Student Records Registration Services Costs, Scholarships & Aid Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home Tuition and Fees Student Employment: Federal Work-Study Financial Aid Payment Policy Payment Plans Scholarships Student Life & Resources Student Life Home Student Resources Clubs and Organizations Athletics Dean of Students About Us About Us Home Administration Office of the President Board of Trustees Human Resources COD Facts Campus Facilities Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging COD Stories Menu Search College of DuPage submit search Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with Chappy . Apply for Credit Classes. Apply for Continuing Education Classes. Academics Areas of Study Admissions Student Services Costs, Scholarships & Aid Student Life & Resources About Us Quick Links Blackboard Calendars COD Student Email Directory Important Dates and Deadlines Give InsideCOD Portal Library News Search for Courses Community Offerings Visit Info For Alumni Community Members & Local Businesses Continuing Education Students Current Students Faculty and Staff Military & Veteran Students Vendors Home Page Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Winter Break The College and centers are closed through Sunday, Jan. 4. The College will
                        reopen on Monday, Jan. 5. Winter Break Hours Register for Spring Term Steps to Enrollment Future Students Ready to begin? We'll show you how to get started. Current Students Already a COD student? This way to all you need to know. Parents Is your student interested in COD? Help them prepare. Continuing Education Students Looking to discover new interests? Here's how. Veteran and Military Students Are you a veteran? Continue your education at COD. Community Members and Local Businesses Do you live in the community? Explore all we offer. Activities for Everyone There are over 90 student clubs and organizations at COD. Locations in Your Neighborhood There are four COD Centers located in District 502 offering various classes and community
                                 activities: Addison, Carol Stream, Naperville and Westmont. A Leading Employer in DuPage County 2,500 faculty and staff are employed at COD, designating the College as one of the
                                 largest employers in DuPage County. See All News Events See more events Success Stories: Jason Patrick "I feel I have gained a solid foundation and will continue to grow both educationally
                           and professionally. I’m grateful for the opportunity." Learn more about Jason's story. Success Stories: Amanda Hunhoff-Sepulveda "The program allowed me the flexibility to continue working part-time at the library
                           while still providing me a high-quality education that I needed to be successful in
                           my new job." Learn more about Amanda's story. Success Stories: Eboo Patel “College of DuPage helped nurture the intellectually curious, ethically focused Eboo
                           Patel.” Learn more about Eboo's story. Success Stories: Hannah Ovcharchyn "I am thankful to have such a reputable college in my backyard. After learning how
                           highly regarded the Legal Studies program was, it felt silly to go anywhere else." Learn more about Hannah's story. Success Stories: Brian Powers “The Photography program at College of DuPage is truly a blessing to the school.” Learn more about Brian's story. Explore College of DuPage Community Offerings Services for the community provided by advanced students. Facilities Read more about our cutting-edge campus and facilities. Careers Find a career or receive tools to jumpstart your job search. 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main) (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) Apply Map & Directions Directory Campus Hours COD Centers Legal & Consumer Information Jobs Police Department Contact COD Media Contacts A-Z Index Library Bookstore McAninch Arts Center WDCB Public Radio Veterans Services Español Access & Accommodations MyACCESS COD NOW Newsletter © 2025 College of DuPage Previous section Next section ©