EN    CAREERS SUPPORT LOGIN CONTACT
Solutions
Products
Partners
Resources
Why Mimecast
GET A QUOTE
INCYDR
See & Stop Data Loss From Insiders

Protect critical data from exposure, loss, leak and theft, while accelerating incident response times.

GET A QUOTE SEE IT IN ACTION 
​​
INCYDR
GET A QUOTE
Home  Products Incydr
The way we work has changed. It’s time data protection changed too
Let’s face it. Data protection is a mandate, but not often a successful initiative. The research is clear: employee-driven data loss is frequent, impactful, costly, and uncontrolled – even when organizations have multiple solutions in place today. Learn why Incydr is a more effective and efficient way to solve for data loss.
GenAI has increased data exfiltration
86% of security leaders fear employees are leaking data to GenAI tools
Data loss is costly
The average cost of a single insider threat incident is $15M. (Code42 DER 2024)
Insider risk events persist
Insider-driven data events are increasing, despite 99% of companies using traditional DLP solutions.
Secure critical data without the traditional perimeter
Eliminate
blind spots

Detect data theft and IP leaks immediately with unmatched visibility – no complex policies needed.

Automate
effective response

Automatically correct mistakes, block unacceptable activity, and document and contain insider threats.

Never disrupt
productivity

Deploy Incydr confidently, knowing it won't affect device performance or restrict legitimate file activity.

Incydr at a glance

Effective risk prioritization
Eliminate blind spots and focus on the threats that matter with Incydr's intelligent PRISM system to prioritize both your known and unknown data risks.
Comprehensive coverage
Native response controls
30+ integrations

FEATURED USE CASE

Stay ahead of data leaks via GenAI tools

Generative AI tools put your sensitive data at risk through actions like copy-pasting or file uploads. Mimecast Incydr protects your organization by monitoring these activities in real time and sending instant alerts to prevent data loss.

OUR APPROACH
Unlock the ROI of Incydr in just 6 months, according to Forrester TEI™ results
DOWNLOAD STUDY
The Incydr difference
ROI in less than 6 months

Unlike policy-driven solutions which take months to deploy and fine-tune, half of Incydr customers spend less than 4 hours a week – and have no dedicated headcount.

Better coverage & results

Rather than stitch DLP, CASB, and UEBA together for the coverage and context you need, Incydr delivers better detection in a single solution. It detects more and prioritizes better – helping companies reduce time to investigate high-risk incidents by 50%.





Seamlessly integrates with your existing tech stack

With so many exfiltration points across modern organizations, integrate with Mimecast to respond and control insider risks across your organization.

Mimecast detects unusual data activity, enabling controls to correct and contain risk by isolating endpoints by isolating endpoints in CrowdStrike
LEARN MORE
Automate risk detection using threat indicators and coordinated response through Mimecast and Palo Alto Networks Cortex XSOAR
LEARN MORE
Strengthen insider risk response with CyberArk and Incydr to monitor high-value users and control access to organizational resources.
LEARN MORE
A Mimecast plan that fits your organization’s needs

Mimecast offers multiple plans designed to meet your organization’s needs and enable you to keep ahead of evolving threats.

EXPLORE PLANS
Trusted by over 42k customers

Mimecast is proud to protect and support 42,000+ organizations globally, helping them navigate the ever-expanding threat landscape since 2003.

Mimecast
Email Security Platforms (Transitioning to Email Security)
4.5
607 Ratings 
Submit a review
As of 29 Dec 2025
Okta Chooses Incydr Over CASB to Avoid Data Leak from Cloud File Sharing
READ STORY

"Incydr stood out for how quickly it could be implemented and see value within the month. Incydr’s direct, API-to-API approach to integrate with cloud and email systems meant Okta would not need to set up and manage a proxy server in order to avoid accidental data leak via cloud file sharing and email. "

 Matheo Lord-Martinez




IT Security Director at Okta

Banked Protects Source Code and Employee Trust with Incydr
READ STORY

"If people are going to trust our products with their own financial information, we need to make sure we don't have significant security events like source code leaking.”

Jamal Issouquaein




IT Engineer

Lyft Uses Incydr to “Take the Blinders Off” of High-Value Data Movement
READ STORY

"The big thing we were trying to solve was that we had no idea where our data was going. We just had no visibility whatsoever. It was honestly just like running around with blinders on."

Jae Ward




Security Analyst

How UserTesting Protects Their Data Without Traditional Perimeters
READ STORY

"With the insight Incydr provides, we are able to quickly and easily determine what is normal behavior and what is an indicator of insider risk."

Dustin Fritz




Senior Security Architect


The Human Risk Management Platform

To effectively safeguard an organization’s collaboration, a unified platform with integrated protection across all communication channels—email, chat, and file-sharing—is essential. This approach ensures comprehensive threat detection and mitigation, eliminating gaps in security and streamlining operations.

OUR PLATFORM
Ready to get started?

Keep ahead of the ever-evolving threat landscape with Mimecast

CONNECT WITH SALES

About Us

Overview
Careers
Leadership

Products

All Products
Education
Partners

Resource Center

Newsroom
Events
Resources
Customer Stories
Blog
Trust Center
Media Kit

Contact Us

Global Locations
Get a Quote
Contact Support
+1 617 393 7000
Contracts
Privacy Statement
Legal
Privacy Preferences
Responsible Disclosure

© 2003 - 2025 Mimecast Services Limited

This website uses cookies in order to provide you with the best possible experience and to monitor and improve the performance of the site. We have published a new cookie policy which explains what cookies are and which types of cookies this website uses. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies, unless you have disabled them. Privacy Statement
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies