Patmos | Hosting, Compute and IT Services | Beyond Big Tech Skip to content Hosting Services Domains Virtual Private Server (VPS) Cloud Infrastructure Colocation Services Backup Solutions Disaster Recovery Solutions Custom Datacenters Custom Development Intensive Workshops Custom App Development Web Development Managed WordPress Websites E-Commerce & Paywall Logos and Branding Services About Us Latest News Our Team Open Peering and Internet Exchange Careers Hosting Services Domains Virtual Private Server (VPS) Cloud Infrastructure Colocation Services Backup Solutions Disaster Recovery Solutions Custom Datacenters Custom Development Intensive Workshops Custom App Development Web Development Managed WordPress Websites E-Commerce & Paywall Logos and Branding Services About Us Latest News Our Team Open Peering and Internet Exchange Careers Hosting Services Domains Virtual Private Server (VPS) Cloud Infrastructure Colocation Services Backup Solutions Disaster Recovery Solutions Custom Datacenters Custom Development Intensive Workshops Custom App Development Web Development Managed WordPress Websites E-Commerce & Paywall Logos and Branding Services About Us Latest News Our Team Open Peering and Internet Exchange Careers Contact Hosting Services Domains Virtual Private Server (VPS) Cloud Infrastructure Colocation Services Backup Solutions Disaster Recovery Solutions Custom Datacenters Custom Development Intensive Workshops Custom App Development Web Development Managed WordPress Websites E-Commerce & Paywall Logos and Branding Services About Us Latest News Our Team Open Peering and Internet Exchange Careers Contact Contact Freedom as a Service Hosting and Compute Beyond Big Tech AI Campus Custom high-density GPU data centers, built to your spec at speed Learn More Hosting Services A home for your business, your brand and your voice, free from constraints Let's Go Plan Your Site, App or Store Patmos intensive workshops prep your business for success Explore Technology solutions for any sized business Cloud Solutions Cloud, off-cloud, or bare metal solutions for any sized business. Predictable billing, scalability, and hyper-converged infrastructure made simple. AI Compute Services Optimize your GPUs with scalable Patmos colocation services. Flexible rental options available. Backups & Disaster Recovery Solutions Seamlessly manage all aspects of your backups and disaster recovery. Software Solutions Native apps, web apps, websites, paywalls – scoping, design, development, and ongoing maintenance done right from a US-based dev team. Enterprise ISP & Bandwidth Dark fiber on demand. Patmos peering network streams coast to coast. Custom Data Centers Custom built for AI. Multi-megawatt data centers in 90 days. ICANN Accredited Domain Registrar See how Patmos does domains differently Get Started Privacy & Security Retained from the ground up Privately Owned Data Facilities Data Protection through Acronis Client Bill of Rights HIPAA Compliant Will Never Sell Your Data SOC2 Type 2 Certified Technology Simplified Managed Tech Stacks Launch or grow your business with fully managed tech stacks featuring simplified monthly pricing, flexible deployment and easy configuration built to scale with your user base. MSP Accelerator Program Crafted exclusively for managed service providers, the Patmos Accelerator Program offers a turnkey solution that simplifies growing and scaling your business from the very first day. US-Based Support Personal support from a dedicated account manager in your region. Customers in the Americas get US-based support. Client Testimonials "Working with Patmos has been a highly rewarding experience, both commercially and in terms of growing our business reach. At the start of our relationship, we went through 'The Patmos Intensive' which provided the much needed focus time on getting the project off the ground. These kind of face-to-face, in depth project kick offs are increasingly rare in our commoditized and short-form world. The value of this experience in building a successful project cannot be understated." George Farmer Candace Owens “Patmos has become known in our industry as the MSP to MSPs for a reason. They provide big tech services with unparalleled value, and a human touch.” Alex Fine Virtuozzo "Working with Patmos was exceptional. Over three intensive days, their team served as thoughtful, experienced, and intelligent partners, helping us refine and develop our product idea. The final deliverable was robust, detailed, and exactly what we needed to confidently move forward. Patmos combines technical expertise with genuine ease of collaboration—I highly recommend them to anyone serious about bringing innovative ideas to life." Erik Twist Arcadia Education “The creative minds and objective disciplines of the Patmos team brought my augmented reality application to life.” Nick Thomeson QuartzEye Inc "Patmos worked with me to ensure that the website meets the needs and demands of the business. Their secure and reliable hosting has given me confidence to grow my company." Scott Roth BioLawns, LLC "We have been working with Patmos for several years. They have completed 3 e-commerce website builds for us, currently working on a redesign of a fourth website, and provide ongoing maintenance. The team is timely in their responses and completes requests quickly and thoroughly. Patmos has become our go-to developers and we highly recommend their services." Julie Wells Digital Marketing Manager, Bobrick "It has been our great pleasure to work with the Patmos team in the development of our app. The Patmos team possess excellent technical skills and it seems that whatever the challenge—they could always find a way to make it work in the app. Patmos was flexible in working with our team—our skills and existing software which made it into a real feeling of partnership as we watched our project come to life. Amazing!" Katie Zulanas Executive Director, Couple to Couple League Get Started Today Unique visions require tailored solutions. Connect with us to explore how we can help. Get Started Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy Abuse Policy Hosting Bill of Rights Privacy Policy © 2025 Patmos Hosting, Inc. All rights reserved. Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin Scroll to Top