Fanatee  |  Home Games Careers About us Games Careers About us Contact Get in touch hello@fanatee.com Fanatee is a global game studio. We build games for life 🧡 GAMES For Life We build fun games that stand the test of time. Learn more BE PART OF SOMETHING GREAT Join us and leave your mark on creating habit-forming games that shape the day-to-day of millions of people. choose your path Engineering Turn bold product ideas into reality. Work with sophisticated tech solutions that support billions of operations processed every day. 1 available openings Product Define the vision and follow through on fulfilling it. Fine-tune processes, study new markets, make data-driven business decisions and understand deeply user behavor. 1 available openings Art Give meaning to the gaming experience of millions of people by creating beautifully designed game environments. Marketing Spread the word about our games and make people fall in love with them even before downloading. 3 available openings Human Resources Extraordinary games are made by extraordinary people. Monetization Be part of the serious business of fun by turning amusing games into profitable products. 1 available openings Data Help build smarter products and drive business growth through data science and machine learning. Quality Assurance Be the gatekeeper of a high quality gaming experience for all our players. 1 available openings Community Help turn players into fans and partners. Be the voice of our players in the company and build meaningful relationships that will help inform product decisions. 1 available openings Content Content is the heart and soul of our games. Make our players tick with captivating and entertaining content. 4 available openings Finance and Administration Whether your craft is finance or administration, you are what fuels our growth. Internship Program Kickstart your career in a world class gaming studio. If you are enrolled in a graduate program in Brazil and you’d love to work in the tech industry, we'd love to meet you. Fanatee In numbers 300 million downloads and counting! In other words, approximately 2% of the world population has downloaded a Fanatee Game at some point. 11 languages From Asia to Africa, to Europe, Oceania and the Americas, Fanatee games are being played around the world in a variety of languages. 12 billion sessions, meaning the number of times our players have logged in to play any of our games since we launched. Our games CodyCross Hundreds of crossword puzzles available at your fingertips! Exercise your brain with this one-of-a kind crossword experience. Play Now Everyday Puzzles Many Games and Lots of Fun! All in just one app. Minimalistic variety puzzles and Word games. Play Now Island Match 3d Sort and triple-match 3D items within seven slots and timed levels to earn power-ups and stars as you help Mila rebuild storm-struck Taviri Island and uncover a family mystery Play now Stop 2 Challenge your friends to an online multiplayer categories word game!!!  STOP 2 is the pen-and-paper trivia word game you know and love ... and now it's better than ever! Play Now Everyday Grids Tackle bite-size daily logic grids—Lotus, Panda, and Libra—placing, balancing, and matching with zero guesswork, while a gentle progression arc of streaks, XP, and badges keeps your brain-training ritual rewarding day after day. Play now Arena of Dreams Party Royale meets trivia! Collect skins and play fun mini games with your friends! Play now LunaCross Drag the letters to form words and answer the crosswords. PLAY NOW Word Lanes Train your brain and enrich your vocabulary while you stroll through beautiful and soothing landscapes. Play Now Stop Categories Get your adrenalin pumping and your brain working with exhilarating trivia battles for the quick-witted! Play Now Letter Zap and Letter Zap Classic The games that kickstarted our journey and became our first successes Learn more Coming soon... Our team is working on some new exciting projects to come. More details, coming soon. São Paulo The biggest city in South America is home to our main office. Our new offices are in the center of the famous Jardins neighborhood in São Paulo with a breathtaking view of Ibirapuera park. Contact us Games Careers About us Contact hello@fanatee.com Head Office 78 SW 7th St, Miami, FL Brazil Office Rua Padre João Manuel 1212 - São Paulo/SP Cookies Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Fanatee 2020. All Rights Reserved THIS WEBSITE USES COOKIES Our site uses cookies to enhance your user experience and measure site traffic. Learn more Got it!