Welcome to the College of Charleston, a public university Return to College of Charleston homepage MyPortal The Hub Alumni Give Apply What're you looking for? What're you looking for? Search About College of Charleston About College of Charleston Home College at a Glance History & Traditions Looking to the Future Leadership & Administration Offices Facilities Community Academics Academics Home Find Your Program Meta-Majors Colleges & Schools Centers & Institutes Study Abroad & International Ed Research Opportunities Academic Resources & Services Career Center Cost & Aid Cost & Aid Home Tuition & Fees Apply for Aid Loans Scholarships Grants Pay Your Bill Student Life Student Life Home Housing & Dining Athletics Activities Calendar Clubs & Organizations Support & Services Service & Leadership Campus Resources Life in Charleston Admission Admission Home Apply Visit the College Parents & Families Admitted Students Request Information MyPortal The Hub Alumni Give Apply Extraordinary Happens Here For more than 250 years, we've charted a different path. One led by optimism, innovation and a curiosity that can change the world. Nestled in one of the most beautiful historic cities in the country, the College offers world-class academics with a tight-knit community and wide-open opportunity. For more than 250 years, we've charted a different path. One led by optimism, innovation and a curiosity that can change the world. Nestled in one of the most beautiful historic cities in the country, the College offers world-class academics with a tight-knit community and wide-open opportunity. Carve Out Something Different Here No matter your area of interest, we have the program for you. We offer approximately 150 undergraduate majors and minors, 22 master's degree programs and nine graduate-level certificate programs and robust interdisciplinary programs. Search for the program that's right for you Search for the program that's right for you View Undergraduate Programs View Graduate Programs Live Life In A Postcard Feel like a local no matter where you're from. Charleston is the perfect-sized city–big enough to support a vibrant and diverse cultural life yet small enough to feel right at home from your very first day. Life in Charleston The College is in the middle of one of the most lovingly preserved historic districts in America, yet the city is forward-focused with a diverse population and innovative companies like Google, Boeing and Blackbaud. Life in Charleston Student Life Make your college experience everything you imagined. There's never a dull moment on our campus, plus downtown Charleston is just minutes from some of the best beaches in the Southeast and boasts year-round temperate weather. Student Life Clubs & Organizations Find your people and pursue your passions with our more than 240 student clubs and organizations. Clubs & Organizations Where Optimists Thrive The College of Charleston was a place that I felt like I could be myself, that I could become a leader, that I could have all of the experiences that I wanted. Rachelle Olden ‘04, Senior Product Manager at Google It truly is a life-changing experience and class. I do not see any other standard college class having the ability to do the same thing. Nicholas Bove, economics major and Honors College student, on the School of Business course on intentionality More on the intentionality course The program at College of Charleston is a very thorough program. I was able to get two internships and it’s a program that will prepare students for jobs after college. Mikel Hannah-Harding ‘19, Meteorologist at The Weather Channel For anyone looking to study supply chain management, I look at Charleston as the center of the world right now. From an opportunity perspective, I see this as the market to be in. Micha Mallace ‘11 (MBA), President and CEO of South Carolina Ports Authority The potential impact of this project is groundbreaking, as it has the capacity to revolutionize HAB [harmful algal blooms] monitoring and management, surpassing the limitations of traditional methods. Adam Ali, associate professor of geology Upcoming Events jan 5 New Student and Family Orientation Starting at 7:30 am Read more about "New Student and Family Orientation" jan 6 New Student and Family Orientation Starting at 7:30 am Read more about "New Student and Family Orientation" jan 8 Halsey Institute New Year Free-for-All Starting at 6:00 pm Read more about "Halsey Institute New Year Free-for-All" View All Events College News AI and Arts Education: How Technology is Transforming Classroom Creativity Dec 18, 2025 by Amy Stockwell Read more about "AI and Arts Education: How Technology is Transforming Classroom Creativity" Students Learn the Chemistry of Brewing Beer Dec 16, 2025 by Tom Cunneff Read more about "Students Learn the Chemistry of Brewing Beer" CofC Photos of the Week Dec 15, 2025 by Catie Cleveland Read more about "CofC Photos of the Week" View All News Apply Now Visit Us Request Info Library Bookstore Alumni Give Directory Newsroom Events Careers Campus Map Emergency Info 66 George Street, Charleston, SC 29424 USA
				| 843.805.5507 Policies & Procedures Title IX Accessibility Transparency Copyright © 2025 College of Charleston. All Rights Reserved.