Coggle - Simple, Fast, and Powerful Mind Maps. Just Coggle it! Home Login Pricing Features Gallery Make mind maps that flow like your ideas. Sign Up Now Got an account? Log in. Unleash Your Creativity Produce beautiful notes, quickly and easily. Share them with friends and colleagues to work on your ideas together. Sign Up Now Or take a look at the Coggle Gallery for inspiration. Powerful Online Flowcharts Use Coggle to map out your processes, systems and algorithms using our powerful new flowcharting features . Sign Up Now Trusted by Over 10,000,000 People and Businesses Like You. Coggle makes it easy to create and share mindmaps and flowcharts. It works in your browser: there's nothing to download or install, and everything you need to create great mindmaps is free, forever! Whether you're taking notes, brainstorming, planning, or doing something awesomely creative, it is super simple to visualise your ideas with Coggle. Share with as many friends or colleagues as you like. Changes you make will show up instantly in their browser, wherever they are in the world. Realtime Collaboration Invite your friends and colleagues to work with you, at the same time, on your diagrams. Save Every Change Look through all the changes to a diagram and make a copy from any point to revert to a previous version. Unlimited Image Uploads Drag-and-drop images right from your desktop to your diagrams. There's no limit to the number of images you can add. Add Floating Text and Images Add text labels and images that aren't part of the diagram tree to annotate parts of your map. Create Loops and Join Branches Join branches and create loops to create more powerful and flexible diagrams representing process flows and other advanced things. Multiple Starting Points Add multiple central items to your diagrams to map related topics in a single workspace. Unlimited Private Diagrams Awesome Plan Create as many private diagrams as you like. If you do ever cancel your subscription they stay private, and you keep access. Powerful Flowcharting Awesome Plan Pick from a range of shapes to create expressive, powerful flowcharts, process maps, and other diagrams. No-Setup Collaboration Awesome Plan Allow any number of people to edit a diagram simply by sharing a secret link with them. No login required. Pricing Plans Free Forever Ideal for discovering Coggle and occasional use. $ 0 forever Use Free 3 private diagrams Unlimited public diagrams Real-time collaboration Share by link or QR code Over 1600 beautiful icons Unlimited image uploads Auto-arrange branches Full change history PDF & Image download Unconnected text boxes Export as .mm and text Export for Microsoft Visio Import .mm and text Multiple start points Shared folders Embed mindmaps anywhere Collaborate by email Awesome Ideal for personal or professional use, with privacy and advanced features. $ 5 per month Sign in Everything in Free + Unlimited private diagrams More Item Shapes Control line style Control line paths Change text alignment Full chat history High-res image uploads Collaborate by link Collaborate by QR code Organisation Ideal for teams that want to control access to their data and consolidate billing. $ 8 per member per month Find out more Everything from Awesome + SAML Single Sign On Separate Personal workspace Consolidated billing Bulk export User & data management Branded diagrams Coggle for Enterprise Does your company want to use Coggle but needs to manage security and authentication in-house? Get in touch with us to discuss our support for enterprise customers and to find out more about what we offer. Features include: On-premise instances for use behind your firewall Active Directory authentication Site licenses Enterprise level support Take Notes Open up Coggle in a meeting, during your revision or wherever inspiration strikes to create beautiful, structured notes. Brainstorm Take the start of an idea, water it with Coggle and watch it grow into a fully fledged plan, clearly laid out and ready to share. Share Information Distill your topic into a Coggle, include all the details and share with your team, your classmates or the world! Sign Up Now Coggle Help and Documentation What is Mindmapping? Top Mindmap Uses Templates and Examples Developer API Free Forever Company Bloggle About Press Contact Us Legal Privacy Terms Accessibility Security ©CoggleIt Limited, registered in England and Wales 9030487. Coggle® is a registered trademark in the USA and EU