Skip to main content
English
Contact us
AWS Marketplace
Support
My account
re:Invent
Discover AWS
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Resources

Search

Sign in to console
Create account
Feedback

Amazon Cognito

Overview
Features
Pricing
Getting Started
FAQs
Resources
Customers
Products›Security, Identity, and Compliance›Amazon Cognito
10,000 free monthly active users with the AWS Free Tier
Amazon Cognito

Implement a secure, scalable, and customized sign-up and sign-in experience in minutes

Get started with Amazon Cognito
Meet Amazon Cognito

Amazon Cognito lets you add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control to your web and mobile applications within minutes. It is a developer-centric, cost-effective service that provides secure, tenant-based identity stores and federation options that can scale to millions of users. Additionally, Amazon Bedrock AgentCore Identity, powered by Amazon Cognito, enables AI agents to securely access AWS resources or third-party tools and services with robust access controls, while streamlining agent development and user experience. Processing more than 100 billion authentications per month, Amazon Cognito provides comprehensive customer identity and access management (CIAM) for both human users and machine identities.

Learn more about Amazon Cognito's features
Benefits of Amazon Cognito
Secure and scalable customer identity and access management (CIAM)
Frictionless integration and customization to your application
Seamless access to AWS services and resources
Advanced security features for sign up and sign in
Use cases
Engage customers with flexible, customized authentication
Manage business-to-business (B2B) identities
Secure machine-to-machine (M2M) authorization
Get role-based access to AWS services and resources
Customers
Wiz, trusted by over 40% of the Fortune 100, supports FedRAMP authorization and lowers their identity and access management costs by 70% by migrating to Amazon Cognito
Read the case study
National Health Service - NHS Digital launches NHS login with Amazon Cognito to provide reliable, cost-efficient, scalable healthcare access for citizens in England.
Read the blog post
Purina, a Nestle company providing pet wellness and nutrition to over 2M pet parents, builds a strategic consumer IAM solution for an optimized user journey and achieves an 80% cost savings using Amazon Cognito.
Read the case study
Neiman Marcus Increases New Application Time to Market by 50% and Reduces Development costs by 90% using AWS Amplify, AWS Lambda, and Amazon Cognito.
Read the case study
Trend Micro protects Amazon Cognito’s API flows with Amazon CloudFront and AWS WAF
Read the blog post
Get started with Amazon Cognito
Features page
Discover Amazon Cognito’s features and how they can supercharge your next app
Read the features page
Guide
Video tutorials, workshops, and samples apps to help you get started
Explore the enablement materials and developer guides
Did you find what you were looking for today?

Let us know so we can improve the quality of the content on our pages

Yes
No
Create an AWS account
Learn
What Is AWS?
What Is Cloud Computing?
What Is Agentic AI?
Cloud Computing Concepts Hub
AWS Cloud Security
What's New
Blogs
Press Releases
Resources
Getting Started
Training
AWS Trust Center
AWS Solutions Library
Architecture Center
Product and Technical FAQs
Analyst Reports
AWS Partners
Developers
Builder Center
SDKs & Tools
.NET on AWS
Python on AWS
Java on AWS
PHP on AWS
JavaScript on AWS
Help
Contact Us
File a Support Ticket
AWS re:Post
Knowledge Center
AWS Support Overview
Get Expert Help
AWS Accessibility
Legal
English
Back to top
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.
Privacy
Site terms
Cookie Preferences
© 2025, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
Hi, I can connect you with an AWS representative or answer questions you have on AWS.
Need more info? Highlight any text to get an explanation generated with AWS generative AI.
2