Your No. 1 Choice in Premium Sales Intelligence | Cognism Skip to content Right-click to download logo Copy logo to clipboard (png) Copying... Downloading... Copy icon to clipboard (png) Copying... Downloading... Download brand assets Copying... Downloading... Platform Use Cases Sales Break performance records month-on-month Marketing Get highly targeted leads, on-demand RevOps Grow revenue across all GTM teams Products Sales Companion The revenue growth centre for GTM teams Buyer signals Find your next best customer with actionable insights Data-as-a-Service Deliver insights and data directly into your warehouse Integrations High-quality data synced to your tech stack Why Cognism Diamond Data® About our data Compliance See How We Compare Cognism vs Zoominfo Cognism vs Apollo Cognism vs Lusha Cognism vs alternatives Data Customers Customers Case Studies Why over 4000 companies use Cognism Customer reviews What customers say about us and how they’re winning Pricing Resources Education Blog Content Hub Report Hub Podcast Hub Newsletter GTM cheat codes Product Product tour Help centre FAQ Pricing Content spotlight The Demand Gen Playbook Inside Inbound 2026 State of Outbound 2026 Diary of a first-time CMO Cold Calling Report 2025 International Expansion Zone Date-a-vendor SDR Zone CTA Company About us Careers Partnerships Newsroom Platform Use Cases Sales Marketing RevOps Products Sales Companion Buyer signals Data-as-a-Service Integrations Why Cognism Diamond Data® About our data Compliance See How We Compare Cognism vs Zoominfo Cognism vs Apollo Cognism vs Lusha Cognism vs alternatives Customers Customers Case Studies Customer reviews Resources Education Blog Content Hub Report Hub Podcast Hub Newsletter GTM cheat codes Product Product tour Help centre FAQ Pricing Content spotlight The Demand Gen Playbook Inside Inbound 2026 State of Outbound 2026 Diary of a first-time CMO Cold Calling Report 2025 International Expansion Zone Date-a-vendor SDR Zone CTA Company About us Careers Partnerships Newsroom Log in Book a Demo English Deutsch Français We give you up-to-date, quality data for the companies and decision-makers who matter most Drive intelligent prospecting with insights into your target accounts Boost connect rates by up to 3x* with mobile numbers that work Build pipeline with a platform that is purpose-built for companies selling into EMEA markets Book a demo Watch a demo Trusted by over 4000+ businesses, globally. Why Cognism Data i s different... European strength Mobile phones and emails for the people you want to do business with. With unrivalled European coverage, access millions of B2B contacts with exceptional depth across the UK and EMEA with ease. Keep your outreach focused and your campaigns fuelled with Cognism data. Learn more Diamond Data® Spend less time dialling wrong numbers. Cognism’s phone-verified Diamond Data® is tested, verified, and validated by our team to ensure freshness and accuracy. SDRs spend more time selling and less time researching. Diamond Data® means more time actually speaking to contacts that matter. Learn more Decision-makers The most complete and accurate database for decision-makers in Europe. Reach VP-level and above decision-makers confidently, with GDPR-compliant data that’s continuously refreshed and enriched. With more Do-Not-Call lists checked than any other provider, thousands of global business trust Cognism to enable their reps to prospect safely and confidently. Learn more Signals “We saw ROI in 8 weeks from intent data and direct dials.” George McKenna Head of Cloud Sales at Ultima Diamond Data “Ringing legitimate mobile numbers has hugely increased our speed-to-connect rates.” Shay Khosrowshahi Head of Revenue Operations at YuLife Compliance “We were able to build up a GDPR-compliant database of contacts which we could then start targeting.” Ruth Holmes Chief Marketing Officer at Newable The Cognism Experience Drive best practice, boost efficiency and keep pipeline healthy throughout your organisation with our entire product suite. Sales Companion Plan, define and build a prospecting strategy at scale Give your sales teams a personalised sales assistant for fully tailored outreach. Quality data connects you with ready-to-buy decision makers in the accounts that matter with: Recommended contact suggestions that lead reps to the next best lead Intelligent signal data that provides insight into target accounts AI-powered efficiency and account context with quick search and one-click business summaries Sales Companion is the perfect +1 to any sale. Learn more Data Enrichment Double your pipeline's output with enriched, quality data Stay on top of data quality with CSV and API Enrichment, to power: Completeness of records Scalable and reliable processes, whether you're enriching hundreds or millions of records Fresh, verified data on demand, with no lag Create contact and account lists of quality data and turn more leads into opportunities with the right data from the get-go. Learn more Data-as-a-Service Power your GTM infrastructure with accurate B2B data, delivered on your terms Revenue teams waste millions due to outdated, siloed, or non-compliant data. Cognism’s Data-as-a-Service solves this with real-time access to verified, fresh, and privacy-safe B2B data - ready to fuel your CRM, CDP, or cloud warehouse. Choose between real-time API enrichment for your CRM or scheduled batch deliveries to your chosen data platform. GDPR & CCPA-aligned out-of-the-box with audit-ready metadata. Professional services support for custom integrations and advisory. Get precision data when and where you need it. Learn more Signal Data Spot new opportunities, act faster, and personalise outreach Use Signals to uncover hiring trends, funding rounds, and technographic insights — delivering hyper-personalised outreach that wins more deals Reach the right decision-makers with insights into the key changes happening in their world. Tailor your outreach and have better conversations that relate to your prospect's needs and challenges Cognism’s Signal Data helps ensure you never miss a key moment to connect by identifying buying signals and key market changes. Learn more Businesses love our data, hear why “We've actually seen a drastic improvement in terms of the amount of dials that each SDR is making, the amount of conversations that they're having, and also the amounts of meetings that they're booking.” Alex Porter Global Sales & Business Development Director @ SingleStore 300% increase in dials weekly “Today we’re able to measure bad data trends over time. These trends show that Cognism is our most consistent provider of quality phone numbers without any degradation. It also shows that Cognism has very high coverage across all of our key segments.” Read the full case study Jonny Fianu Global Head of Revenue Operations @ ComplyAdvantage 10% new business meetings booked with Cognism data “In the evaluation process, we compared Cognism against five other competitors. We naturally expected Cognism’s data not to perform as well as the others, as it is a UK-based company. However, our results showed that the coverage of US mobile data far outperformed the others.” Read the full case study Paul Thomas CEO @ Lead Forensics 50% increase in team performance “Cognism’s data is significantly more accurate than what I was getting from ZoomInfo. The confidence this provides when reaching out to new prospects is invaluable.” Read the full case study Amanda Newman SDR Manager @ User Evidence 33% increase in pipeline in 3 months “Having been in sales for years, I used to spend hours of my life formatting and importing excel spreadsheets to the CRM. Cognism’s automatic integration with Salesforce means I no longer spend time manually inserting leads to our CRM. It merits 5 stars!” Read the full case study Filipa Enes Sales Administrator @ Simpleshow 425 meetings booked by October 2022 How Cognism helps you build better pipeline Grow revenue with quality, senior-level contact data and powerful intelligence. Sales Teams With refreshed contact data and account intelligence, you will never have to guess where to spend your time again. We provide personalised insight, so your team can spend time on the contacts that matter. Learn more Revenue Teams Align your sales org to one common goal and take team performance beyond individual rep brilliance. Accurate decision-maker data builds pipeline in your target market with ease. Learn more Marketing Teams Tap into quality data and sales intelligence to power your campaigns. With unmatched European coverage and contact data for key decision makers, generate leads for your sales teams in minutes. Learn more Connect with your favourite tools Get faster workflows with seamless integrations from Sales Companion to leading CRMs & sales tools Seamless Data Transfer: Export to Salesforce, Hubspot, Pipedrive & more to keep your sales team efficient. Connect directly to decision-makers: Get quality contact data that connects you 9 out of 10 times*, sent straight to your tech-stack. Prospect anywhere: Sales Companion will help you find new decision makers across LinkedIn and corporate websites. * Results collected during an independent study conducted in 2023. Learn more 4.6/5 on G2 Fresh, quality data to connect with decision-makers who matter most Build pipeline with better quality contact data that converts Book a demo Watch a demo Advice from our network of experts, straight to your inbox Subscribe to our newsletter today Sign up Get started Book a demo Request a data sample Pricing Product Sales Companion Buyer signals Data-as-a-Service Integrations FAQ Company About us Careers Partnerships Newsroom Data Our data Compliance Security Opt out Do not sell my data Resources All resources Blog Podcast Hub GTM cheat codes State of Outbound 2026 Inside Inbound 2026 Newsletter Privacy Cookies Terms of Website Use Modern Slavery Statement 2025 COGNISM LIMITED. All rights reserved.