Skip Main Navigation
Product
Templates
Integrations
Pricing
Resources
Log In Sign Up
Easily Build Powerful Forms
Build
effortless online forms as unique as your process.
Collect
consistent data from your customers and employees.
Take action
at the right time with Workflow automation and Tasks.
Get Started
14-day free trial. No credit card required.
Data Collection That Drives Action

Start with customized online forms that trigger approvals, updates, notifications, and more the moment they’re submitted. Go beyond basic data collection by bringing your entire network–colleagues, clients, and partners–into the workflow process.

Electronic Signatures
Create contracts, purchase orders, and other documents using legally binding signatures directly integrated with your forms.
Workflow Tasks
Engage the right people at the right time to keep work on track with automated task assignments and due dates.
Client Portal
Give clients, partners, and members a secure, self-service portal to submit forms, view their previous submissions and track progress — all in one place.
Online Payment
Accept secure online payments directly through your forms - using Square, Stripe or PayPal.
Document Generation
Automate your estimates, contracts and other documents. Instantly create custom Word or PDF files when form data is submitted.
Integrations
Connect form data to the software your team relies on to expand form functionality, automate workflows, and boost workplace productivity.
Increase productivity
Move the work forward at lightning speed and unbelievable accuracy.
90%

90% are able to act quicker on incoming data/forms.

8

8 hours saved each week.

80%

80% have more accurate, consistent, and complete data.

The ultimate tool for every team

When off-the-shelf software doesn't suit your needs, customize Cognito Forms to be a perfect fit for your team.

Human Resources
Marketing
Sales
Information Technology
Project Management

Having consistent and complete employee data allows you to serve your workforce and provide talent management.

Focus on relationships, not moving paperwork along.

Streamline your hiring workflow.
Automate employee onboarding.
Increase employee engagement.
Simplify performance evaluations.
HR Templates 
Get Started
Automate with Workflow
Power your business processes so you can work more efficiently.

Whether there are one or one thousand entries daily, acting on that data is vital to business function. Workflow with Cognito Forms engages the right people at the right time.

User Roles
Internal and external ‘User Roles’ identify the people involved in your processes.
Status + Action
Display the data that is necessary for each status. Allow specific roles to perform an action and move the status along.
Notifications
Email notifications keep your customers and team in the loop as the status changes. Automatic customized links prompt users to take action or review data.
Workflow Tasks
Automatic in-app task assignments. As the status changes, Workflow Actions can trigger Task assignments to specific Users or Roles.
See what others are saying
I was able to create a form in minutes
I was able to create a form in minutes. The process was simple and easy to navigate. I will recommend others to use. Thank You
— Kevin Sterling
Easy to use forms
Easy to use forms, great customer support!
— Rodeo Spot Marketing
Cognito Forms is very simple to use
Cognito Forms is very simple to use. It's easy to create, it's easy to share and it's easy to collect results from. THANK YOU!
— Kaki Kenchoshvili
ONLINE FORM BUILDER

Simple enough
for quick setup,
customizable
for power users

Repeating Sections
Data Lookups
Calculations
Integrations
Conditional Logic
Custom Themes
Accurate and actionable data, every time
Struggling with incomplete, outdated, or inconsistent data?

Don’t wait for the budget, developers, or IT to develop a custom solution. Take charge and build a no-code solution that is as unique as your processes and harness the flow of information.

Get Started
Security
Single Sign-On
Two Factor Authentication
Data Encryption & Privacy
Support
Helpful and skilled support answers every ticket
Compliance
GDPR
HIPAA
CCPA
Solutions as unique as your work

Build powerful online forms and customize workflows for your unique team and customers.

Nonprofits
Streamline operations and reduce manual tasks, allowing you to focus on impactful work in the community.
Explore Templates
 Donation forms
 Event planning forms
 Volunteer application
 Grant applications
Small Business
Simple yet powerful online forms for data collection, offering insight into customer behavior and employee tracking.
Explore Templates
 Online order forms
 Inventory tracking forms
 Customer surveys
 Employee onboarding forms
Healthcare
HIPAA-compliant healthcare form templates, eSignatures, and document generation can help you get started.
Explore Templates
 Patient intake forms
 Advance directive forms
 Medical release forms
 Emergency contact forms
Software & Tech
Create a digital transformation strategy by centralizing data collection with online forms. Integrate Cognito Forms into your platform.
Explore Templates
 Customer service requests
 Cyber security compliance
 Change requests
 UX surveys
Education
Engage students, parents, and staff with online data collection while maintaining privacy regulations.
Explore Templates
 Enrollment forms
 Student surveys
 Scholarship applications
 Donation forms
Government
Connect with the people you serve. Simplify the process of collecting information, requests, and payments.
Explore Templates
 Event registration forms
 Utility payment forms
 Permit applications
 FOIA requests
Explore More Industries 
Integration with the apps you already use.
Sign Up For Free
Company
About Cognito
Careers
Newsroom
Referral Program
Write Us
Support
User Guides
Blog
Request Help
Status
Industries
Accounting & Financial Services
Churches & Religious Organizations
Education
Government
Healthcare
Home Maintenance & Repair
Human Resources
Information Technology
Insurance
Law Firms & Legal Services
Manufacturing
Marketing & Advertising
Nonprofits
Travel & Hospitality
Real Estate
Restaurants & Catering
Retail & Sales
Templates
Application Forms
Contact Forms
Portal
Customer Service Forms
Groups & Events
Order Forms
Registration Forms
Reporting Forms
Survey Forms & Quizzes
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2025 Cognito LLC, All rights reserved.
Part of the Cognito AppsSM family of products.