Cognition | Intelligent Cloud Advertising Network Skip to content Resources Close Resources Open Resources Learning Podcast Product Updates API Docs Close API Docs Open API Docs Analytics API Creative API HAT Reporting API Company Client Login Get Demo Resources Learning Podcast Product Updates Certified Providers API Docs Analytics API Creative API HAT Reporting API Company Resources Learning Podcast Product Updates Certified Providers API Docs Analytics API Creative API HAT Reporting API Company We are TV . Connect the Streaming TV supply chain – enabling advertisers, publishers and DSPs. Get a Demo Streaming TV Works Agency Publisher AdTech How Force Proved Streaming TV Drove 26% of Traffic. “Measurement Studio helped us confidently prove what we knew to be true. Streaming TV advertising works. With full visibility from exposure to outcome, STV has become one of the most effective channels we offer our advertisers.” Jeff Brown Chief Revenue Officer Force Marketing utilizes Measurement Studio to demonstrate that streaming accounts for 26% of web traffic and generates 5 times the lead flow compared to other traffic sources. 26% Percentage of traffic from STV 5X STV Traffic Likelihood to Convert Products Used: Learn More The Boston Globe boosts output 25x while reducing dependencies. “Creative Studio is a best-in-class solution that consistently overdelivers with innovation, service, and speed. This has helped us scale and simplify video production for advertising clients.” Andrew Grillo VP, Commercial Product The Boston Globe uses Creative Studio to streamline creative workflows, accelerating go-to-market timelines, enhancing their own video ad offerings, and increasing overall content output, while becoming operationally more efficient. 25X Increase in video creative output 5X Fewer Creative Dependencies Products Used: Learn More How a leading DSP simplified cross-platform campaigns. “We’re excited about adding capabilities to scale creative, buy across walled gardens, and to measure it from ad exposure to key website actions that our advertisers care about.” Chief Revenue Officer A leading DSP uses Creative Studio, Ad Serving, and Measurement Studio to deliver personalized ads and enable agnostic serving across platforms like Prime Video and YouTube, with a universal pixel that ties exposure to outcome. 30% More efficient supply path Live Bid stream audit view Products Used: Learn More Streaming TV Advertising Solutions Media Studio Data Studio Measurement Studio Creative Studio Ad Serving Planning & Insights Democratized Access Buy Across DSPs Reach & Frequency Control Unified Reporting Premium publishers, premium inventory, no contracts. Activate multiple DSPs with one login & one invoice. Better outcomes and no wasted budgets. Consolidated access and delivery make reporting easy. Onboard, Enrich, Activate First Party Powered Insights Your Own Data Clean Room Synthetic AI Audiences Centralize source of truth for all of your audiences. Understand what moves your audience to take action. Own the data infrastructure that your clients count on you for. Reach new audiences like your best ones & create lookalikes. Exposure to Outcome Copy & Paste Pixel Omnichannel Optimization Consolidated Reporting See the entire journey, from first impression to last click. Connect ad serving to on-site activity in 30 seconds or less. Search, social, display, streaming - see how they work together. Attribution & Measurement for every advertiser and campaign. No Expensive Production Vehicle B-Roll Library Custom Templates & Fonts AI-Enabled Voiceovers Stop waiting to get your ads live. Go from idea to ad in 5 minutes. Explore endless possibilities with our user-friendly catalogue. Choose from our pre-built templates and fonts, or we'll build you one. Accelerate speed to market with multiples human-like voices and languages. Single Tag Deployment Targeting x Performance Creative Control Seamless Scalability No more downloading and uploading files across multiple DSPs. Dynamic decision making and personalized creative, at scale. Do more of what's working and less of what isn't, in real time. From local to national, execute sophisticated campaigns with ease. Capitalize On Trends Competitive Intelligence Purpose Built Chat with InsightsAI React in real-time to opportunities in shifting markets. Know more about your competition than they know about themselves. Built for leading conversations and campaign strategies with clients. Discover new insights with AI-powered chat, tailored to your data. Meet the Platform That's Changing TV. Schedule Demo Explore Product Updates Podcast Learning Company Certified Providers Careers Product Updates Podcast Learning Company Certified Providers Careers Product Updates Podcast Learning Company Certified Providers Careers Product Updates Podcast Learning Company Certified Providers Careers API Docs Analytics API Creative API HAT Reporting API Analytics API Creative API HAT Reporting API Analytics API Creative API HAT Reporting API Analytics API Creative API HAT Reporting API Follow Us Linkedin Facebook Instagram Tiktok © Copyright 2026 CognitionDigital.io, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Contact Our Sales Team Got questions about our product or want to scale on our platform? Our expert sales team can help. Full Name Email Phone Number Company Name Message Send Message