Cobrowsing for Customer Support | Cohere.io You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. NEW Check out Cohere Assist for Chrome → Scale support without scaling headcount Cohere helps CX teams resolve tickets faster while reducing costs, resulting in happier agents and satisfied customers. Get started → Book a demo → Trusted by the world's most ambitious CX teams See us in action Train a bot on your help center Just share your help center link and we'll spin up a custom bot.
Ask questions like a customer would, and get instant solutions. Try now Features Automation for fast-growing customer service teams Automatically resolve up to 60% of tickets Provide instant, personalized answers to customers over any channel. Using AI that understands language, not just keywords. Provide solutions, not just answers Cohere helps you guide users through resolutions step-by-step, and even perform actions on their behalf. Get started with your existing support resources Instantly turn support articles and past conversations into personalized answers and accurate resolutions in a single click. Understand and anticipate customer trends Identify potential issues and content gaps with Cardina's advanced analytics, and resolve them in just a few clicks. AI that actually gives the right answers Existing automation solutions aren’t very smart: they tend to send the wrong things to customers, or don’t have the right answers in the first place. Cohere solves both by extracting knowledge with the latest advances in large language models, making sure that your customers are getting accurate answers, all of the time. Never answer the same question twice Your best sources of knowledge are the tickets that you’ve already solved. Cohere uses generative AI to extract answers from agent responses (after human approval), and automatically replies whenever the same question is asked again – resulting in automation that truly gets smarter over time. Driving industry-leading results for top companies We work with leading support orgs to achieve industry-leading outcomes across a variety of use cases, from consumer software to complex B2B products. Ramp automated 60% of tickets and saw a 5x ROI Learn more ↗ Loom doubled their self-serve resolutions to 51% Learn more ↗ Rippling went live in days and increased deflection by 50% Learn more ↗ OpenPhone launched personalized support across web and mobile Learn more ↗ Flock Safety scaled CX efficiency along with customer loyalty Learn more ↗ Podium delivers faster, 24/7 service with Cohere Learn more ↗ Ramp automated 60% of tickets and saw a 5x ROI Learn more ↗ Loom doubled their self-serve resolutions to 51% Learn more ↗ Rippling went live in days and increased deflection by 50% Learn more ↗ OpenPhone launched personalized support across web and mobile Learn more ↗ Flock Safety scaled CX efficiency along with customer loyalty Learn more ↗ Podium delivers faster, 24/7 service with Cohere Learn more ↗ With Cohere, we’ve been able to start self-serving 60%+ of our customers’ in-app inquiries within a matter of weeks. I'd estimate that we’re on track for a 5x ROI in Year 1. Walker Nordin Senior Customer Ops Manager, Ramp Integrations Supercharge your existing CX stack in one click Instantly connect with the service desk you’re already using. Get more out of the platforms your agents are already using, and drive self-serve resolutions across chat, email, SMS and more. Prove ROI in days, not months Our dedicated success team is here for you, every step of the way. We’ll work with your team to identify the biggest opportunities for automation, implement and optimize personalized flows with Cohere’s Flowgen AI, and measure and drive ROI. Typical self-serve rate Typical go-live time Typical ROI outcome Ready to unlock faster, smarter service? Let us help you improve CX efficiency and deliver personalized support at scale. Book a demo → Caldera Labs Inc. 298 5th Avenue, 7th Floor New York, NY 10001. USA Platform Answers SmartRoute Cobrowse SmartCompose Insights Resources Security Company Documentation Customers Blog System Status Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact @CohereHQ Jobs We're hiring! sales@cohere.io support@cohere.io