Skip to content
HOME
FEATURES
DEMOS
REVIEWS
PRICING
BLOG
SUPPORT
Documentation
Contact Us
Tutorials
LOGIN
TRY COLIBRI ONLINE

IF YOU WEREN’T A DESIGNER BEFORE, NOW YOU WILL BE

WordPress page builder that gives you design superpowers

*This site was created using Colibri

TRY COLIBRI ONLINE
SEE THE DEMOS
0
Ready Made Content Blocks
0
Drag & Drop Components
0
Full Website Templates
No

Coding

Required

Design your entire website right inside the WP Customizer

Colibri takes the Customizer to the next level so you can customize every aspect of your website in a single interface. This includes headers, page content, footers, navigation menus, global and individual styling.

HEADER
PAGE CONTENT
FOOTER
BLOG PAGES
SEARCH PAGE
Design features that will make your websites stand out

With Colibri you can combine design options like background, overlay, graphic separator,  spacings, header layout and media type to obtain truly unique and outstanding websites.

Awesome hero sections with video, slideshows & image collage

The hero section of your websites makes the first impression to your visitors. Make a great first impression with features like video, slideshow background and image collage.

Shape dividers & section overlap

Graphical features like shape dividers and overlap sections can help you create a unique website that is easy to remember by visitors.

Looks great on any device by default

Every element inside Colibri is designed to look great on any mobile device and any screen size. It also comes with a different navigation system that is optimized for mobile devices.

Complete control over navigation layout & design

With Colibri you can easily customize your navigation section to fit your brand design and you can also choose the layout that best fits your website.

GET STARTED FOR FREE. NO CODING REQUIRED

Ready to create an awesome website?
TRY COLIBRI ONLINE
90+ Full Website Templates for a Variety of Niches

If you want a head start or simply to get your site off the ground as fast as possible, you can simply use one of Colibri’s professionally designed website templates.

VIEW ALL TEMPLATES
Create pages lightning-fast with 150+ predefined blocks

Colibri offers fully customizable blocks that fit any situation and help you build the website you need in the blink of an eye. A few examples include: about blocks, features, services, team, testimonials, portfolio, contact blocks etc.

20+ Beautiful headers

Choose a hero section that helps you tell your story.

About, features & content

Easily describe and promote
your services.

Team, testimonials & clients

Build trust with team, testimonials and clients blocks.

Portfolio & photo gallery

Showcase your work using the portfolio and photo gallery blocks.

Contact blocks

Let your visitors easily get in touch using the contact blocks.

Footer blocks

Choose a footer block that best fits
your website.

GET STARTED FOR FREE. NO CODING REQUIRED

Ready to create
an awesome website?
TRY COLIBRI ONLINE
Customize any element on the page
to pixel-perfection

Want to create a truly custom website? With Colibri you have complete design freedom. You can select any element on the page and style it to pixel-perfection.

Background & Colors
Typography & Alignment
Border & Shadow
Margins & Paddings
40+ Drag and Drop Components

Colibri comes with a set of 40+ drag and drop components that you can use to create completely custom blocks or customize the existing ones.

Start designing your website with 0 setup using Colibri Cloud

Colibri Cloud is your online workspace for WordPress sites. You can create websites in your Colibri account, share them with your colleagues or clients and publish to any hosting when you’re ready.

1. Create a new project in your Colibri account

A new WordPress installation will be available to you within seconds so you can start working with zero setup.

2. Design your site using the Colibri builder

Using the Colibri builder you can design a pixel-perfect website right within the WordPress Customizer

3. Publish to any hosting server with just a few clicks

With the Colibri Publisher plugin, you can publish your website to any hosting server you prefer with just a few clicks

TRY COLIBRI CLOUD
Free and PRO versions compared

You can create a simple website completely FREE of charge or you can go PRO and unleash the full power of Colibri.

free
pro

Live editing in Customizer

Predesigned website templates

3

80+

Front page header designs

5

20+

Image and gradient backgrounds

Video and slideshow backgrounds

Hero only

Unlimited

Graphical section dividers

Global color schemes

2

10+

Header layout options

3

17

Navigation menu layouts

2

5

Navigation colors

Header media types

1 (image)

4 (image, video, lightbox, image collage)

Responsive out of the box

Predesigned content blocks

34

150+

Create multiple pages using predefined sections

Homepage only

Unlimited

Full control over typography

Full control over colors

Advanced styling features

Google maps blocks

Counters blocks

Photo gallery blocks

Predesigned footer blocks

1

6

Customize footer text and colors

Colibri cloud platform

Technical support

Best effort

Priority support

WooCommerce ready

Multilanguage support

GET FREE VERSION
GET PRO
What our customers say on wordpress.org
Awesome features, tons of pre-made blocks, and amazing support

I’ll start by saying that Colibri leaves most other page builders in its wake! Easy to use, the pre-made blocks are very well put together with great diversity, and the amount of control you can wield over what you put down is impressive. Positioning, coloring and ordering elements is a breeze and very intuitive.

I love this theme.

I have used over 24 of the best themes that are always mentioned. Yet for me the Colibri theme is the best and is allowing me to build the project of my dreams.

It is a beautiful and fast theme. You can customize it any way you want.

I built a full company site in about 4 hours from start to finish.

I came across Colibri by accident while looking for a new theme for my business website. I needed to get a website up & going ASAP, so I knew that WordPress was the best option for that.
I was able to build a full company website in about 4 hours from start to finish. What a great tool!

It’s so flexible and beautiful!

I recently made the jump to WP for my website design. A little bit a of learning curve but it didn’t take long to figure how awesome this theme is! It’s so flexible and beautiful! My only challenge was install, and that was me learning the process. However, the support was so helpful and patient with me!

It was super easy to build the pages.

We have been using Colibri for our website and must say it was super easy to build the pages. Best part was that the theme provides a pre-designed home page which makes life much easier.

Also must say that the support provided by Colibri Support Engineer was really good.

Simple & intuitive

The theme is perfect for my use. Simple and intuitive.

The service is really great. I always get a quick and helpful answer.

Customer service team was very responsive.

I have used Colibri on several websites and it is very easy to use, even if you have no coding experience.

On one website we had an issue with the plugin being slow to load, however the customer service team were very responsive and worked with us until the problem was solved. I would definitely recommend this.

The most powerful
theme for free & pro.

I use ColibriWP since years and created several sites with it.

Now I had an issue with it and the support helped me out in minutes.

I can only say that it is in my eyes the most powerful theme you can use in free and in pro version.

Easy to use and helpful support

I have now created about a dozen pages with Colibri. It is just stunning how easy to use Colibri is, while at the same time offering so many possibilities. Sites are responsive by default and look great on mobile devices.

I would recommend to get the Pro Version because a lifetime license is really cheap, and it gives you even more ways to make a great site. Also, whenever I had a problem the support was very fast and helpful.

Responsive & attractive

I love the Colibri theme. It’s responsive, attractive and professional.
The Free version is amazing and the add-ons available are numerous.
Highly recommended.

Awesome features, tons of pre-made blocks, and amazing support

I’ll start by saying that Colibri leaves most other page builders in its wake! Easy to use, the pre-made blocks are very well put together with great diversity, and the amount of control you can wield over what you put down is impressive. Positioning, coloring and ordering elements is a breeze and very intuitive.

I love this theme.

I have used over 24 of the best themes that are always mentioned. Yet for me the Colibri theme is the best and is allowing me to build the project of my dreams.

It is a beautiful and fast theme. You can customize it any way you want.

Choose your plan

Whether you’re just building a website for yourself or you do this for your clients we have you covered with adapted pricing options.

YEARLY PLANS*
LIFETIME PLANS
Personal
🎄Special Offer - 15% OFF
$
79
$
67

PRICES DO NOT INCLUDE VAT

BEST FOR CREATING SITES OCCASIONALLY

All PRO Features
Priority Support
1 Year Support for 1 Site
1 Year Updates for 1 Site
BUY NOW
Business
🎄Special Offer - 25% OFF
$
99
$
74

PRICES DO NOT INCLUDE VAT

BEST FOR CREATING A COUPLE OF WEBSITES

All PRO Features
Priority Support
1 Year Updates for 5 Sites
1 Year Support for 5 Sites
BUY NOW
Agency
🎄Special Offer - 35% OFF
$
199
$
129

PRICES DO NOT INCLUDE VAT

BEST FOR FREELANCERS AND AGENCIES

All PRO Features
Priority Support
1 Year Updates for Unlimited Sites
1 Year Support for Unlimited Sites
BUY NOW

*After 1 year, your website will continue to work and you will still have access to the PRO features, but you will have to renew if you want to continue receiving security updates and support.

I have a coupon

**

**Coupons don’t add up to other existing promotions

Our Awesome Support Team

It’s not just the theme – It’s also the team.

Amazing Support

Our technical team is here to help you build an awesome website. We usually answer support issues in less than 1 business day.

Constant Updates

We’re constantly updating Colibri to ensure compatibility with the latest WordPress. We’re also working to add new, cool features.

Excellent Documentation

Colibri is easy to learn and master, but you can always check out our documentation to check out features you might have missed.

Open a Support Ticket

We’d love to hear from you and we’re always excited to see what people create using out products. So whether you have a problem or not, feel free to drop us a line.

Your Name (required)


Your Email (required)


Subject


Your Message


Need WordPress Hosting?

WE’VE HANDPICKED AND TESTED HOSTING SOLUTIONS THAT FIT PERFECTLY YOUR COLIBRI PROJECT.

LEARN MORE
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
LICENSE
BLOG
© 2025 ColibriWP. Created using WordPress and Colibri.
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. I Accept