OpenCloud – The open garden for the open web About Audience Services AudienceAds Insights Blog Contact Search WE ARE THE Digital audience and d a t a Cloud What We Do We have brought together everything publishers, brands and agencies need to reach, engage, convert, monetize, and connect their audience on a single cloud platform. The next generation AudienceCloud Our open garden for the open web enables supply and demand partners with the modular tools, AI, and data they need to increase the value of their inventory, brand reach, traffic, and transactions. About Us High-converting, without the headaches. We provide you with the building blocks to bring your audience objectives to life — fast, efficient, and effective. 600 K Cost Per Action consumer purchases per month and growing. 20 M Verified and enhanced zero party data consumer records to leverage. 200 M Reach consumers across all categories, demographics and locations 1 B Audience impressions to connect your product or service to every month. Convert your audience All the tools, and team that specializes in building, managing, and delivering high converting CPL and CPA programs. Monetize your audience Publishers and affiliates collaborate with our audience specialists to develop high ROI monetization and data strategys. Leverage you data Build, manage, enhance, and monetize your great asset, your audience data. Or leverage our curated audience. Latest News From industry insights to company announcements, dive into the stories shaping our world and discover what's trending in advertising and media. New AudienceAds Feature: Reach the Twitch Audience November 17, 2025 Are Chatbots Replacing Search Engines? May 5, 2025 10 Golden Rules for Successful Performance Advertising Creatives May 3, 2025 Collective Audience’s CA Europe Strengthens Senior Leadership Team with Key Appointments March 28, 2025 Gramica accelerates Collective Audience’s expansion in Africa March 6, 2025 Ready to elevate your audience performance? Get a Quote Sign up to our newsletter Δ Bringing your brand's unique story to life, elevating its vision, and amplifying its voice across the digital landscape. Navigation Home About Us Services Platform AudienceAds Latest News Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Accessibility Global Headquarters 85 Broad Street NY, NY 10004 33 rue La Fayette 75009 Paris, France © 2025 OpenCloud. All rights reserved Back to top © 2025 OpenCloud. All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences Pin It on Pinterest Share This Buffer LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Pinterest reddit Tumblr