CollaborNation® | Skip to main content menu more_vert Register Log In collabornation The right training at the right time As your training solutions partner, we provide value, convenience, and flexibility to help you achieve your performance goals. Use our extensive catalog of courses. Collaborate with us to develop custom content. Bring your existing training into our versatile and responsive learning management system. Take a Course Browse our extensive catalog of over 500 courses across different topics. Interactive content, hands on learning and measurable progress. Reporting Keep track of your employees training performance with customized reporting. Our curated design will give you single, comprehensive view of full context. Certificates Upload presentations and videos, add audio and quizzes, and complete your new online training with a certificate. Features Events event Host live training events and track progress of your employees. Learning Paths directions Learning Paths is a sequence of courses that allows a learner to master a topic in numerous steps. Assessments Assessments allows you to uncover learning needs and gaps, and then use those results to develop individualized training plans for each learner in your organization. Create-A-Course create Publish your own online course by uploading a PowerPoint or PDF. forum Discussions Continue the conversation through message posts and attachments in your discussion boards. folder Resources Curate and monitor a digital library of your organization's documents, available for downloading and viewing. school Custom Certificates Document successful completion of training with a downloadable certificate. flag Teams Organize your staff into relevant groups to easily manage and customize their learning experiences. assignment_ind Course Assignments Add courses for individual learners and teams; emails alert users that new training has been assigned. Take training on any device, at any time computer tablet smartphone Try for free Copyright © 2018 CypherWorx, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Support Made with care in Rochester, NY