Colorado Tourism - Official Colorado Vacation Guide | Colorado.com Skip to main content Winter Shines a Little Brighter in Colorado Winter Trip Ideas This season, discover all the ways that winter shines brighter in Colorado. From shredding through pristine powder at our world-famous ski resorts and gliding across frozen alpine lakes, to snowshoeing on blanketed forest trails and soaking in steaming hot springs pools — endless adventures await. Paired with bluebird skies and our snowcapped peaks, your winter vacation will be unforgettable in Colorado. Featured EXPERIENCES DESTINATIONS ACCOMMODATIONS Loading... Visit Denver Visit Boulder Grand Junction Visit Colorado Springs Durango Alamosa Visit Glenwood Springs Pagosa Springs Adventures Out West Gunnison and Crested Butte Where to Stay? Loading... Discover the Beauty of Colorado From towering mountains and vibrant cities to rich cultural heritage, every part of Colorado offers a unique blend of experiences. Explore the cities below to enjoy the state's diverse activities, flavors, arts and local charm. View all cities Celebrate America 250 - Colorado 150 Celebrate two milestones in one — America’s 250th and Colorado’s 150th — with stories, history and ways to join the statewide commemoration. Learn More Colorado Passport Program Check in at local businesses, earn prizes and explore more of Colorado through free seasonal digital passports. Learn More America 250 – Colorado 150 Events Discover upcoming events across Colorado honoring our shared history and vibrant communities. Learn More Historic Ways to Celebrate 250/150 It’s the perfect time to reflect on our legacy by exploring the places that helped build Colorado’s identity. Learn More America 250 – Colorado 150 Commission Dive deeper into Colorado’s sesquicentennial with exhibits, stories and programs that bring the past and future together. Learn More Drone Shows Explore a storytelling project that connects Colorado’s diverse communities to the skies above, weaving heritage with imagination. Learn More Find the best Attractions & Entertainment in Colorado during Winter COLORADO HAS 39,000 miles of hiking trails 15 International Dark Sky Places 28 Ski Resorts Durango Sponsored Pagosa Springs Sponsored Visitors Guide Request a Free Copy View the Digital Guide COLORADO HAS 58 Fourteeners 30+ hot springs 960 wildlife species Get the Official Colorado Newsletter Use our newsletter to help plan for upcoming trips or as an inspiration for trips you haven't booked yet! You'll receive monthly updates on Colorado events, vacation ideas, travel offers and more. Subscribe Featured Things to Do Sponsored Explore With Adventure Out West From The Garden of the Gods Visitor & Nature Center Activity Desk 10 Awesome Ways to Experience Aspen in the Summer 9 Amazing Experiences in Mesa Verde National Park Whitewater Rafting With River Runners The Top 10 Things To Do in Colorado Springs Sponsored 3 Days in Denver Sponsored 3 Days Isn't Enough: Stay In & Around Great Sand Dunes National Park