The Colorado Sun: News, climate, politics, water, housing and more Close NEWSLETTERS DONATE Search for: Search News Events About Us MY ACCOUNT Podcast Get our App Colorado’s Best 2025 Instagram Bluesky YouTube Close Bluesky Facebook X Twitter Instagram Reddit Mastodon Threads LinkedIn YouTube Skip to content MY ACCOUNT Podcast Get our App Colorado’s Best 2025 Instagram Bluesky YouTube News Events About Us The Colorado Sun Telling stories that matter in a dynamic, evolving state. NEWSLETTERS DONATE Open Search Search for: Search DONATE Menu News events donate Politics and Government ICE arrested more than 3,500 people in Colorado in 2025 — including babies and the elderly The number of arrests made by ICE agents in Colorado this year from Jan. 20 to Oct. 15 quadrupled compared with the same period last year by Taylor Dolven and Sandra Fish Wildfire Conservationists propose ballot measure to delegate sporting goods tax revenue to hinder wildfires in Colorado by Jason Blevins Water Trump vetoes bipartisan bill to fund clean water pipeline in southeastern Colorado by Chuck Murphy PEDESTRIAN ADVOCACY Transportation “STFD”: Concerned Colorado Springs residents want to curb speeding and traffic deaths. They’re not alone. by Gregory Laski POP QUIZ, HOT SHOT Outdoors Do you know how to survive in Colorado? Take this quiz to find out. by Michael Booth Your gift fuels our journalism Everyone deserves to have someone looking out for them, including you. That’s why we made it our job. When you give to The Colorado Sun, you’re defending facts, funding truth-seekers and keeping our communities informed. Help us keep our news free with a donation today. Latest news Politics and Government Colorado laws taking effect in 2026 will impact everything from bison to renters by Bente Birkeland, Colorado Public Radio Politics and Government Former U.S. Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell dies at 92 by Taylor Dolven Economy Here comes another Xcel Energy rate hike. This time, the utility is asking to raise your gas bill. by Mark Jaffe Housing As two other Colorado youth homeless shelters close, Urban Peak waitlist grows by Jennifer Brown Health Colorado gets $200 million from the feds in rural health care “Hunger Games” by John Ingold get the app Get news alerts, a great reading experience and more in The Colorado Sun app! Download for free! What is a river? ▶ How the Arkansas River continues to shape the communities that have historically relied on it. Full series Aging in Colorado ▶ How shifting demographics are impacting housing, the workforce and quality of life in the state. Full series High cost of Colorado ▶ From housing to a night at Red Rocks, the struggle to afford our state is real. Full series Take back your newsroom. Invest in local journalism today. Staying on top of the news can leave us overwhelmed. But there’s never been a more important time to hunt through the noise to find truth. Politics and Government Colorado is feeling the effects of AI as legislative deadlock over regulation continues by Greta Kerkhoff , Myra Kirk and Linus Loughry Water Durango, New Delhi students form teams across oceans to take on water issues by Shannon Mullane Health Children’s Hospital Colorado is fighting the DOJ in court over a subpoena about gender-affirming care by John Ingold Crime and Courts Tina Peters asks Colorado appeals court to recognize Trump’s pardon, release her from prison by Colleen Slevin Outdoors Cuchara ski area nears state approval for return of lift-served skiing after 25 years by Jason Blevins JAN 08 The 2026 Legislative Preview IN PERSON RSVP MAY 01 Colorado SunFest 2026 MORE INFO See all events EDITOR’S PICKS Colorado plans to phase out natural gas heating in homes, prompting many reader questions. We have answers. by Michael Booth Colorado approves $200 million-plus package fee plan to launch statewide recycling in 2026 by Michael Booth Colorado’s unaffiliated voters say they’re intentionally not joining a political party. Here’s why. by Jesse Paul Colorado awarded $420.6M by federal government — nearly half of original grant — for fast rural internet service by Tamara Chuang Environment First lodgepoles, now ponderosas: Colorado is fighting pine beetles on multiple fronts by Bente Birkeland, Colorado Public Radio Outdoors Telluride resort owner Chuck Horning closes ski area as patrollers go on strike by Jason Blevins Outdoors Telluride ski patrollers vote to go on strike: “They are taking advantage of us” by Jason Blevins Coloradans Time is up for operators of a beloved Grand Junction farm market by Nancy Lofholm Health Colorado could have to pay back $60 million to feds in autism therapy for children by Jennifer Brown Health Health insurance sign-ups in Colorado are running even with last year, despite loss of big federal subsidies by John Ingold Politics and Government Vacancy committee selects state representative to serve out state Sen. Faith Winter’s term, forcing another vacancy vote by Jesse Paul More news from The Sun Browse by topic The daily sun-up PODCAST OPINION Littwin: A Denver Super Bowl could offer a lesson for 2026 by Mike Littwin Opinion: Public access to Colorado’s rivers must be protected, and state legislators finally need to navigate the issue by Cody M. Perry Littwin: My hope for 2026: You’ll like the real me more than the AI-generated Littwin Lite by Mike Littwin The Colorado Sun is part of The Trust Project . Read our policies . COLORADO SUNDAY Environment Pining for the future: Meet the cone collectors, whose work could seed the ground for safer forests by Tracy Ross What Is a River? After 360 miles of whitewater and irrigation, the Arkansas River leaves Colorado as a trickle by Jennifer Brown SunLit 2025 holiday book guide: Whether you like your lit naughty or nice, Colorado authors can shape your gift list by Kevin Simpson What Is a River? The shifting gifts of the Upper Arkansas River and its evolving role for Colorado communities by Jason Blevins Weather One month since floods inundated southwestern Colorado, worries turn to the next one by Shannon Mullane More Colorado Sunday For Basic Plus Members CARTOONS Peter Moore: A mighty wind blows in Colorado. But it’s worse in Wyoming. by Peter Moore Drew Litton: So much for a white Christmas … by Drew Litton “What’d I Miss?”: A too-familiar time for gun violence by R. Alan Brooks and Cori Redford FACT BRIEFS Energy Can a single data center use as much power as 5,000 homes? by J. Craig Anderson | Maine Trust for Local News Transportation Are noisy aftermarket mufflers illegal in Colorado? by Cassis Tingley Politics and Government Would Proposition 95 require police in Colorado to work with ICE? by Cassis Tingley More Fact Briefs SUNLIT Book Excerpts “Fairest of the Fayre”: Romance among the many fair attractions by Sheri Cobb South SunLit Interviews Sheri Cobb South built historical romance around English fair by The Colorado Sun Bookstore Recommendations The Bookies Bookstore titles feature cataclysm, cash offers and crime by The Bookies Bookstore More books in SunLit Instagram Bluesky YouTube The Colorado Sun is an award-winning news outlet based in Denver that strives to cover all of Colorado so that our state — our community — can better understand itself. The Colorado Sun is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. EIN: 36-5082144 Bluesky Facebook X Instagram Reddit Mastodon Threads LinkedIn YouTube (720) 263-2338 Got a story tip? Drop us a note at tips@coloradosun.com Follow The Sun Donate Contact Us Sponsorship Newsletters Events Podcast Topics Business Crime and Courts Education Energy Environment Health Housing Outdoors Opinion Politics SunLit View All Info About Us Editorial Standards and Policies Ethics Policy Corrections DEI Commitment How We’re Funded Jobs Support FAQs Store RSS © 2025 The Colorado Sun Powered by Newspack Privacy Policy Gift this article Close Link Copy link