Skip to content
Products & Solutions
Why Colt?
Resources
About
Check your connectivity
Status
Login
Accessibility
English
Contact us
Pressure off. Power on.

Explore insights, solutions, and expert guidance designed to help IT leaders reduce complexity and stay ahead.

Discover the content hub
Colt's 2024 Sustainability Report

In our 2024 Sustainability Report, we outline our strategy and progress across all areas of ESG, from our work towards Net Zero to supporting our local communities.

Discover more
We're everywhere you want to be
We're Colt, the global digital infrastructure company that delivers extraordinary connections with genuine care.
Powered by amazing people, like-minded partners and innovative technology, Colt is driven by its purpose: to put the power of the digital universe in the hands of our customers.
Explore our network 
32k+

Enterprise buildings directly fibre-connected via Colt own fibre in Europe, Asia & US.

1100+

Data centres, clouds and carrier hotels connected, more than any other provider in Europe, Asia & US.

230+

Cities connected to our network, with 50 deep metropolitan area networks globally

27k+

Customers getting the industry-leading Colt experience across 40 countries worldwide

900+

Network-to-network interfaces with other operators, ensuring consistency across our ecosystem

250+

Connected cloud PoPs worldwide with connectivty to global cloud providers

Solutions that power digital transformation
Connect to cloud service providers

Enable intelligent, scalable connectivity to the cloud, in minutes.

Connect your enterprise network

Empower your digital transformation journey through change.

Connect the hybrid workforce

Boost your network capabilities to cope with increases in demand.

Scale bandwidth with Network-as-a-Service

Achieve real-time and scalable control of your network connectivity.

Build out your core network

Meet demand for secure, high performance bandwidth connectivity.

Keep your business secure

Protect your data and network with next-generation cybersecurity.

Connect your voice services

Evolve & scale your voice and UC (unified communications) infrastructure.

Connect to financial markets

Enable trading success with secure, low-latency networking and exchange.

Explore our managed & professional services

Let Colt design, integrate maintain your networking functions.

What makes us different?

Colt is your one-stop-shop for network and voice services, delivering a harmonised service portfolio, customised to suit your business:

	

Our comprehensive SLAs provide targets for service delivery, availability and time to settle payments - all supported by competitive guarantees 

	

Our award-winning customer service is backed up by some of the best Net Promoter Scores in the industry

	

We're recognised by more than 100 independent industry awards and counting

	

Our On-Demand services provide fast delivery, network agility, cost reductions and price flexibility 

Why choose Colt?

"The overall evaluation of the service received is positive in two ways: first, due to the technical quality of the product in terms of its strength, consistency and security, and second, in terms of the advice and assistance received during both the pre- and post-sales stages."

Javier Bartolome

Technology Director, IMSolutions
1
2
3
4
Read our case studies
Recent updates
PTC 2026
 December 11, 2025
Colt expands Asia-Pacific alternative trading access with Nextrade partnership in Korea
 December 9, 2025
Colt Forecasts 2026 CIO technology priorities with AI for the Inference Era, Naas 2.0 and quantum-ready security expected to dominate the CIO agenda
 November 26, 2025
About
2024 Colt Sustainability Report
Complaints
Careers
Legal
Accessibility
Data privacy
Resources
Blogs
News
Glossary
Guides + whitepapers
Case studies
Digital event centre
Service status
Contact
Contact sales
Get support
Network status
© 2024 Colt Technology Services Group Limited

Depending on the section or subdomain of Colt website that you are visiting, Colt may use its own and third-party cookies for analytical purposes measuring in an anonymized way our audience, personalization providing you with customized ads according to your browsing behaviour and profile and social networks. You can click the "Accept all" button or configure them. By clicking on Configure/Reject Cookies you can configure or reject all cookies except the necessary cookies for the functioning of the site. Further information can be found in ourData Privacy Policy.

Reject All Accept All
Configure