Colt Technology Services Skip to content < Products & Solutions Back Colt Network Services Back Colt Infrastructure Back Colt Dark Fibre Colt Spectrum Colt Wavelength Colt Business Connect Back Colt Dedicated Internet Access Colt IP Transit Colt On Demand Colt SD WAN Colt Ethernet Colt IP VPN Colt Cloud Connect Back Colt Cloud Prioritisation Colt Cloud On Demand Colt Wavelength Colt SD WAN Multi-Cloud Colt IP VPN Colt Financial Connect Colt Capital Markets Back Connectivity services Back Financial Connect (PrizmNet) Exchange Colocation Dedicated Connectivity Ultra Low Latency Market data services Back Colt Market Data Colt Market Data in the Cloud Colt Voice & Collaboration Back Voice services Back Colt Inbound & Freephone Colt SIP Trunking Colt ISDN Services Colt Number Hosting Collaboration Back Colt Unified Communications Colt Cloud Contact Centre Wholesale Back Colt Wholesale SIP Colt Unified Comms for Resellers Colt Inbound & Freephone over SIP Colt Security Back Colt Secure Back Colt DDoS Mitigation Colt Secure Web Gateway Colt Encryption Colt Managed Firewall Colt Cloud Colt Edge Colt Colocation Colt Professional Services Featured solutions Back Solutions Back Connect to the cloud On Demand Financial markets Backbone services Communications Hybrid working Digital transformation Supporting generative AI Why Colt? Back Why choose Colt? Our network Colt Online Back Customer portal Back What is Colt Online? Login Register for an account Support Back Colt Online Help Our partnerships Back About our partners Back Overview Become a partner Become a Colt sales agent ESG Back Environmental, social & governance Back Environmental sustainability Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Community Governance Recognition Back Our awards Back Awards Our accreditations Back Certifications Resources Back Blogs News Guides + whitepapers Glossary Case studies Digital event centre Market insights About Back Who we are Back Our people Back Our leadership Humans of Colt Women in Tech Our values Our story Join us Check your connectivity Status Login Back Colt Online Control Center On Demand Portal Colt Developer Portal Colt Interactive Accessibility Back Tools Our guidelines Our roadmap Give us your feedback English Language English Français Deutsch Español Italiano 日本語 All Business Capital Markets Construction Education Gaming Government Healthcare Leisure & Hospitality Manufacturing Media & Entertainment Retail Technology Telecoms Contact us Back Sales Support Local offices Other Pressure off. Power on. Explore insights, solutions, and expert guidance designed to help IT leaders reduce complexity and stay ahead. Discover the content hub Colt's 2024 Sustainability Report In our 2024 Sustainability Report, we outline our strategy and progress across all areas of ESG, from our work towards Net Zero to supporting our local communities. Discover more We're everywhere you want to be We're Colt, the global digital infrastructure company that delivers extraordinary connections with genuine care. Powered by amazing people, like-minded partners and innovative technology, Colt is driven by its purpose: to put the power of the digital universe in the hands of our customers. Explore our network 32k+ Enterprise buildings directly fibre-connected via Colt own fibre in Europe, Asia & US. 1100+ Data centres, clouds and carrier hotels connected, more than any other provider in Europe, Asia & US. 230+ Cities connected to our network, with 50 deep metropolitan area networks globally 27k+ Customers getting the industry-leading Colt experience across 40 countries worldwide 900+ Network-to-network interfaces with other operators, ensuring consistency across our ecosystem 250+ Connected cloud PoPs worldwide with connectivty to global cloud providers Solutions that power digital transformation Connect to cloud service providers Enable intelligent, scalable connectivity to the cloud, in minutes. Connect your enterprise network Empower your digital transformation journey through change. Connect the hybrid workforce Boost your network capabilities to cope with increases in demand. Scale bandwidth with Network-as-a-Service Achieve real-time and scalable control of your network connectivity. Build out your core network Meet demand for secure, high performance bandwidth connectivity. Keep your business secure Protect your data and network with next-generation cybersecurity. Connect your voice services Evolve & scale your voice and UC (unified communications) infrastructure. Connect to financial markets Enable trading success with secure, low-latency networking and exchange. Explore our managed & professional services Let Colt design, integrate maintain your networking functions. What makes us different? Colt is your one-stop-shop for network and voice services, delivering a harmonised service portfolio, customised to suit your business: Our comprehensive SLAs provide targets for service delivery, availability and time to settle payments - all supported by competitive guarantees Our award-winning customer service is backed up by some of the best Net Promoter Scores in the industry We're recognised by more than 100 independent industry awards and counting Our On-Demand services provide fast delivery, network agility, cost reductions and price flexibility Why choose Colt? "The overall evaluation of the service received is positive in two ways: first, due to the technical quality of the product in terms of its strength, consistency and security, and second, in terms of the advice and assistance received during both the pre- and post-sales stages." Javier Bartolome Technology Director, IMSolutions "The Colt infrastructure is robust, Colt controls it end-to-end, and we get excellent support from our account and service managers who really understand our business." Amanda Thomas VP Telecoms EMEA, Intercall "Colt has been a real partner throughout the years we've been working together, always ensuring that its services have kept pace with growth in our business. The people I deal with directly at Colt understand my needs. We have a smooth, efficient relationship." Marc Conte SVP of IT, Louvre Hotels "We know that Colt focuses on enabling its customers to meet their goals, rather than purely technological aspects of any project. This philosophy fits excellently with the service understanding of the [Berlinale] festival" Dieter Kosslick Director, Berlinale Read our case studies Recent updates PTC 2026 December 11, 2025 Colt expands Asia-Pacific alternative trading access with Nextrade partnership in Korea December 9, 2025 Colt Forecasts 2026 CIO technology priorities with AI for the Inference Era, Naas 2.0 and quantum-ready security expected to dominate the CIO agenda November 26, 2025 About 2024 Colt Sustainability Report Complaints Careers Legal Accessibility Data privacy Resources Blogs News Glossary Guides + whitepapers Case studies Digital event centre Service status Contact Contact sales Get support Network status © 2024 Colt Technology Services Group Limited Enter your address Check availability Checking connectivity, please wait... We're currently not able to reach the Colt API. Apologies for any inconveniences this has caused. We are pleased to confirm that your site can be reached by Colt Fibre Network. Contact us to find out more about how we can connect you with Colt services. Contact us to find out more about how we can connect you with Colt services. Step 1 of 4 25% Is there a particular Colt solution you are interested in? Networking services Capital Markets Cloud connectivity Communications UC + Contact Centres Other Are you an existing Colt customer? * Yes No OCN Number Great! Please enter your account name or customer number so that we can assist you faster. Company name Please note for existing services you will receive a more informative answer by reaching out to our dedicated support team. Click here to be taken to our list of support contacts. Anything Else Do you have any specific questions or is there anything else you would like us to know? Name * First Last Email * Phone By submitting this request you have read and agreed to our Data privacy statement . Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.