Columbia Daily Tribune: Local News, Politics & Sports in Columbia, MO News Sports CoMo Life Opinion Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals The Tribune looks back at the top 10 stories read in 2025 What’s next for Missouri football at RB after backup hits transfer portal? Freshman Missouri football CB will enter transfer portal Rookie Missouri football safety out of St. Louis to enter transfer portal Watch Now Must Read The Crossword Obituaries eNewspaper More Stories Backup LT, another depth OL from Missouri football to… What's open and closed on New Year's Eve, New Year's Day? What will Missouri football do at quarterback in the… How Missouri football could attack, plan for upcoming… Missouri football fill-in kicker expected to enter… Shopping Cross this event off your bucket list and make every friend jealous Relive the top sports moments of 2025 with USA TODAY's front pages Save up to 70% at Walmart’s seasonal clearance event News The Tribune looks back at the top 10 stories read in 2025 2026: America turns 250, Bad Bunny at Super Bowl, voters pick Congress New owner with polarizing past takes over 3 Missouri newspapers Sports What’s next for Missouri football at RB after backup hits transfer portal? Freshman Missouri football CB will enter transfer portal Rookie Missouri football safety out of St. Louis to enter transfer portal Life James Owen: As the credits roll on 2025, the Top 10 films of the year Giant spud, posh muskrat and other quirky ways to ring in 2026 These events will take you from New Year's Eve through January Opinion Affordable solar energy can blunt skyrocketing bills for Missourians Brian Smith Koedel: The testing bogeyman is alive and well in Missouri Cory Koedel Letters to the editor: Readers weigh in on Amendment 3, renewable energy Letters to the editor Trending Dog treats recalled due to Salmonella contamination Sydney goes silent on New Year's for Bondi Beach victims Australia rings in 2026 with fireworks over the iconic Sydney Harbor Featured Gallery Extra, Extra Nominate Today! Contests Comics More in Contests 2026: America turns 250, Bad Bunny at Super Bowl, voters pick Congress New owner with polarizing past takes over 3 Missouri newspapers James Owen: As the credits roll on 2025, the Top 10 films of the year Missouri football transfer portal live tracker. All of MU's ins, outs Missouri minimum wage increases in 2026. What is the new rate? About Us Careers Staff Directory Accessibility Sitemap Legals Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give Feedback Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook X eNewspaper Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions © 2025 www.columbiatribune.com. All rights reserved.