SciPlay | Home HOME ABOUT US GAMES LIFE AT SCIPLAY CAREERS INVESTORS WE ARE SCIPLAY We are the brainiacs behind-the-scenes, innovating, dreaming, and navigating the social gaming world. We cook up social games that are more authentic than your grandma's secret recipe and bring grins wider than a Cheshire cat's. We are passionate about what we do and we love to win. Join Us WE SPARK THE WORLD’S PASSION TO PLAY​ WE MAKE GAMES Crafted with a player-first obsession, we redefine authenticity with every click, swipe, and spin. ​ Bingo Showdown B-I-N-G-O! Live bingo made its way from the Wild West right to your fingertips! Welcome to the rodeo! Wild West live bingo is now with you wherever you go, with fun bingo games that just don't stop. Download today and start playing the best bingo app EVER, and have fun with free board games, cowboys and cowgirls! PLAY NOW Backgammon Live ™ Get lost in a world of strategy and competition with Backgammon Live! Show off your skills with this dynamic table game and play as many backgammon games as you can! Get the dice rolling! PLAY NOW Hot Shot Casino Hot Shot stuff! The most authentic Las Vegas casino experience, full of all the favorite classic slots that everyone loves to spin and win is waiting for you right here at Hot Shot Casino! PLAY NOW Jackpot Party Casino Slots Hey party people! Get ready to spin free slots and hit the jackpot with the real casino game experience! The best way to spin into the jackpot party is with a 45 million coin welcome bonus! Think of all the slot machine fun you could have with all those free coins! PLAY NOW Quick Hit Slots Quick Hit Slots is the ultimate free Vegas slots experience for mobile, the best classic slot machine games are just a tap away. Enjoy free spinning and winning these free slot machine games! PLAY NOW Gold Fish Casino Slot Games A free, Vegas casino slot machine adventure awaits you under the sea! Enter the deep blue water of Gold Fish Slots and win a free coins bonus pack! There are plenty of big fish in the sea, but only one as awesome as Gold Fish Casino Slots! PLAY NOW Dancing Drums Slots Casino Welcome to Dancing Drums Slots, the ultimate social casino experience that brings the excitement of the original Dancing Drums slot machine games from real casinos right to your fingertips! Spin the reels, hit the jackpots, and let the rhythm of the drums guide you to victory. PLAY NOW MONOPOLY Slots GO, MONOPOLY GO! Play and hit the jackpot to become a monopoly millionaire! Join the free fun of Monopoly Slots games! PLAY NOW Solitaire Daily Break Solitaire Daily Break is an engaging and interactive classic solitaire game. Play the classic card game you know and love completely for free! Relax and play endless levels of free classic solitaire. Gather solitaire jigsaw puzzle pieces while you play and unlock beautiful jigsaw paintings! The goal of the game is to move all the cards from the Tableau to the Foundation from Aces to Kings in the same suit. PLAY NOW 88 Fortunes Slots It’s your lucky day! The Far East is no longer far away and it is full of free slot machine games! 88 Fortunes brings you all the slot machines hits of 2023 that are the heart of Vegas and Macau, straight to your phone. Enter the mystical adventure and discover what the magic slots machines offer. PLAY NOW Spider Solitaire Daily Break SciPlay brings you Spider Solitaire Daily Break- an engaging and interactive classic solitaire game. Play the classic card game you know and love completely for free! Relax and play endless levels of free classic solitaire. The goal of the game is to arrange cards into sets of the same suit in descending order. Win spider solitaire by forming runs, King to Ace. Unweave the cards by moving them onto cards ranked one higher. Use the stockpile to add new cards to the board. PLAY NOW Bingo Showdown B-I-N-G-O! Live bingo made its way from the Wild West right to your fingertips! Welcome to the rodeo! Wild West live bingo is now with you wherever you go, with fun bingo games that just don't stop. Download today and start playing the best bingo app EVER, and have fun with free board games, cowboys and cowgirls! PLAY NOW Backgammon Live ™ Get lost in a world of strategy and competition with Backgammon Live! Show off your skills with this dynamic table game and play as many backgammon games as you can! Get the dice rolling! PLAY NOW Hot Shot Casino Hot Shot stuff! The most authentic Las Vegas casino experience, full of all the favorite classic slots that everyone loves to spin and win is waiting for you right here at Hot Shot Casino! PLAY NOW Jackpot Party Casino Slots Hey party people! Get ready to spin free slots and hit the jackpot with the real casino game experience! The best way to spin into the jackpot party is with a 45 million coin welcome bonus! Think of all the slot machine fun you could have with all those free coins! PLAY NOW Quick Hit Slots Quick Hit Slots is the ultimate free Vegas slots experience for mobile, the best classic slot machine games are just a tap away. Enjoy free spinning and winning these free slot machine games! PLAY NOW Gold Fish Casino Slot Games A free, Vegas casino slot machine adventure awaits you under the sea! Enter the deep blue water of Gold Fish Slots and win a free coins bonus pack! There are plenty of big fish in the sea, but only one as awesome as Gold Fish Casino Slots! PLAY NOW Dancing Drums Slots Casino Welcome to Dancing Drums Slots, the ultimate social casino experience that brings the excitement of the original Dancing Drums slot machine games from real casinos right to your fingertips! Spin the reels, hit the jackpots, and let the rhythm of the drums guide you to victory. PLAY NOW MONOPOLY Slots GO, MONOPOLY GO! Play and hit the jackpot to become a monopoly millionaire! Join the free fun of Monopoly Slots games! PLAY NOW Solitaire Daily Break Solitaire Daily Break is an engaging and interactive classic solitaire game. Play the classic card game you know and love completely for free! Relax and play endless levels of free classic solitaire. Gather solitaire jigsaw puzzle pieces while you play and unlock beautiful jigsaw paintings! The goal of the game is to move all the cards from the Tableau to the Foundation from Aces to Kings in the same suit. PLAY NOW 88 Fortunes Slots It’s your lucky day! The Far East is no longer far away and it is full of free slot machine games! 88 Fortunes brings you all the slot machines hits of 2023 that are the heart of Vegas and Macau, straight to your phone. Enter the mystical adventure and discover what the magic slots machines offer. PLAY NOW Spider Solitaire Daily Break SciPlay brings you Spider Solitaire Daily Break- an engaging and interactive classic solitaire game. Play the classic card game you know and love completely for free! Relax and play endless levels of free classic solitaire. The goal of the game is to arrange cards into sets of the same suit in descending order. Win spider solitaire by forming runs, King to Ace. Unweave the cards by moving them onto cards ranked one higher. Use the stockpile to add new cards to the board. PLAY NOW Bingo Showdown B-I-N-G-O! Live bingo made its way from the Wild West right to your fingertips! Welcome to the rodeo! Wild West live bingo is now with you wherever you go, with fun bingo games that just don't stop. Download today and start playing the best bingo app EVER, and have fun with free board games, cowboys and cowgirls! PLAY NOW Backgammon Live ™ Get lost in a world of strategy and competition with Backgammon Live! Show off your skills with this dynamic table game and play as many backgammon games as you can! Get the dice rolling! PLAY NOW Hot Shot Casino Hot Shot stuff! The most authentic Las Vegas casino experience, full of all the favorite classic slots that everyone loves to spin and win is waiting for you right here at Hot Shot Casino! PLAY NOW WE ARE GLOBAL USA UKRAINE INDIA TURKEY ISRAEL STATS 800+ EMPLOYEES | 11 GAMES | 6 STUDIOS ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE ISRAEL USA INDIA TURKEY UKRAINE HOME | ABOUT US | GAMES | LIFE AT SCIPLAY | CAREERS | INVESTORS | Light & Wonder SciPlay is the social games division Light & Wonder, Inc. Light & Wonder is the leading cross-platform global games company. To learn more visit www.lnw.com All ® notices signify marks registered in the United States. © 2025 Light & Wonder, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Responsible Play | Account Deletion The Official Free-to-Play Social Gaming Partner of the Austin FC