ComfyUI | Generate video, images, 3D, audio with AI Enterprise About Gallery Careers Resources Products Launch Comfy Cloud Launch Comfy Cloud The most powerful tool for generative AI, and it's open sourced The most powerful open source node-based application for generative AI Download ComfyUI Download ComfyUI Comfy Cloud Comfy Cloud Trusted by teams at Let's chat Latest News & Updates Ubisoft Open-Sources the CHORD Model and ComfyUI Nodes for End-to-End PBR Material Generation Dec 9, 2025 Kling O1 in ComfyUI: The Video Editing Era Dec 7, 2025 Try Nodes 2.0 And Help Us Improve ComfyUI! Dec 4, 2025 Meet Nano Banana Pro in ComfyUI! Nov 21, 2025 Explore more on our blog Designed for Control and Creativity Full Control with Nodes Build AI workflows visually by connecting nodes on a canvas. Unlike traditional linear UIs, ComfyUI gives you full control — branch, remix, and adjust every part of your workflow at any time. Reusable Workflows Save, share, and reuse entire workflows effortlessly. Exported images, videos, and 3D files carry metadata, so anyone can drag and drop them into ComfyUI to instantly rebuild the full workflow. Live Preview See your results in real time as you adjust your workflows. Make changes and iterate faster with instant visual feedback. Free, Open, and Yours to Shape It’s Free and Open Source ComfyUI is 100% open source and always will be. Build, create, and share without limits. Custom Nodes Extend ComfyUI by building your own nodes. Customize your workflows, add new functionalities, and shape the tool to your needs. Runs Locally, Fast ComfyUI is designed for performance. Run workflows directly on your machine for faster iteration, lower costs, and complete control. Download now Created with ComfyUI Browse community builds WE'RE HIRING, JOIN OUR TEAM View open positions WE'RE HIRING, JOIN OUR TEAM View open positions Product Download Comfy Cloud Enterprise Gallery Resources Blog Discord Github Docs YouTube Company About Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact hello@comfy.org San Francisco, USA     © 2025 Comfy Org Product Download Comfy Cloud Enterprise Gallery Resources Blog Discord Github Docs YouTube Company About Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact hello@comfy.org San Francisco, USA     © 2025 Comfy Org Product Download Comfy Cloud Enterprise Gallery Resources Blog Discord Github Docs YouTube Company About Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact hello@comfy.org San Francisco, USA     © 2025 Comfy Org