Homepage - Comic-Con International Homepage - Comic-Con International Mobile nav Search Awards Past Events John Rogers Member ID Careers Mobile App Help search Home Comic-Con ® WonderCon ® SAM ® Toucan Blog Museum Shop Member ID English Italiano 中文 (简体) 日本語 Français Español Filipino Deutsch Awards Eisner Awards Eisner Awards Overview UPDATED! FAQ UPDATED! Hall Of Fame Eisner Awards History Past Recipients Past Judges Will Eisner Eisner Spirit Current Info UPDATED! Past Recipients Icon Awards Icon Awards Inkpot Inkpot Overview Other awards Bob Clampett Humanitarian Award Bill Finger Award Russ Manning Award Film Festival Awards Past Events Wondering what you missed in previous years at Comic-Con, WonderCon Anaheim, and APE the Alternative Press Expo? Here’s your chance to catch up! Explore all the details of previous events: see who exhibited, read our complete program schedules, and view the lists of special invited guests for each event. Explore Past Events! Comic-Con WonderCon SAM The Comic-Con Early Bird Hotel Sale is Open! Secure your hotel room for Comic-Con 2026 Save time and money through our Early Bird Hotel Sale offering hotels along our complimentary Comic-Con Shuttle route. Learn More! BADGES FOR WONDERCON 2026 ON SALE NOW WONDERCON 2026: MARCH 27-29 ANAHEIM CONVENTION CENTER Get ready for the return of WonderCon 2026 in Anaheim, California! For a limited time only, purchase 3-Day badges at a discounted price during our early bird period. How to Attend ADW Thank You! A great big thank you to everyone who made the 56th Comic-Con so much fun and such a great success. We look forward to seeing you next year on July 23-26, 2026, with Preview Night on July 22. Become a Legend Secure your Comic-Con 2026 badge now and support Comic-Con Museum (*portion tax-deductible). Enjoy all the perks of Museum membership and receive a Comic-Con 2026 four-day plus Preview Night badge.  BONUS:  Opt for auto-renewal to guarantee your Comic-Con badge for the following year with no stress or hassle. Become a Legend Comic-Con Museum Explore a dynamic space to discover, learn, and celebrate the art, storytelling, and innovation that make comics an enduring phenomenon. Visit the museum Comic-Con 2025 Merch availAble now! Showcase your love for Comic-Con with our exclusive apparel, collectibles, and more. Don’t miss the chance to own a piece of the excitement and commemorate your 2025 experience. Shop merch News & Updates Adventure Begins Here: Early Bird Badges Are Waiting 1 month ago Read More Early Bird Hotels Return for Comic-Con 2026! 1 month ago Read More Survival Guide to Open Registration: Your Step-by-Step Roadmap 2 months ago Read More The Ultimate Tech Check 2 months ago Read More Celebrating the Popular Arts! Welcome to the newly redesigned San Diego Comic Convention website. Home to Comic-Con ® , WonderCon ® , SAM: Storytelling Across Media ® , and Comic-Con ® Museum ABOUT Comic-Con San Diego Comic Convention is a California Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation dedicated to creating the general public’s awareness of and appreciation for comics and related popular art forms. More about us Remembering John What We Do Bringing Awareness to Comics & POPULAR ART We’re well-known for our conventions, like Comic-Con and WonderCon, but we’re also home to Comic-Con Museum, The Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards, Comic-Con International Independent Film Festival  and other initiatives and events that educate and celebrate the historic and ongoing contribution of comics to art and culture. Comic-Con Explore Comic-Con WonderCon Explore WonderCon Storytelling Across Media Explore SAM Comic-Con Museum Explore the museum Awards Explore awards Contact Us Get in Touch with Us Whether you’re a passionate fan, a dedicated artist, or a potential collaborator, we welcome you to reach out to Comic-Con International. Your input fuels our mission to celebrate and promote comics and pop culture. Contact us Past Events Awards John Rogers About Us Our History Remembering John Careers Contact Comic-Con Facebook X Instagram YouTube WonderCon Facebook X Instagram YouTube Museum Facebook X Instagram YouTube The San Diego Comic Convention (Comic-Con International) is a California Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation organized for charitable purposes and dedicated to creating the general public’s awareness of and appreciation for comics and related popular art forms, including participation in and support of public presentations, conventions, exhibits, museums and other public outreach activities which celebrate the historic and ongoing contribution of comics to art and culture. Comic-Con, the Comic-Con logo, Comic-Con Museum, the Comic-Con Museum logo, WonderCon, and the WonderCon logo are registered trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 95-3072188 Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Accessibility © 2025	San Diego Comic Convention. All rights reserved.