CBR - The World's Top Destination For Comic, Movie & TV news Menu Sign in now Close Movies Submenu Movie News Movie Features Movie Lists Movie Reviews TV Submenu TV News TV Features TV Lists TV Reviews Comics Submenu Comics News Comics Features Comics Lists Comics Previews Comics Reviews Anime Submenu Anime News Anime Features Anime Lists Games Submenu Game News Game Features Game Lists Game Guides Videos More Submenu Lists Interviews Community Sign in Newsletter Menu More Action Sign in now Screen Awards MCU, DCU & More Dragon Ball Lord of the Rings Procedurals & Dramas Westerns Zelda Close Deniz Camp Breaks Down Ultimate Endgame And Marvel's Future (Exclusive) How to Watch the Stranger Things Finale the 'Right' Way The Top 10 Biggest Anime News Stories of 2025 The Wire Star Isiah Witlock Jr. Passes Away at 71 MTV Channels Are Officially Shutting Down in 2026 Popular News This Underrated Crunchyroll Anime Officially Doubles Frieren's Fandom Size Online A Classic MCU Superhero Goes on the Weirdest Killing Spree (Exclusive Preview) 22 Years Later, This Wildly Underrated PS2 RPG Is Still 1 of the Best Games of the 2000s 6 Perfect Shows to Binge on New Year’s Day (& Where to Stream Them) More Videos See More 27:39 Marvel vs DC Power Rankings: The Hype Gap Is Getting Real | Heroes Journey Podcast EP 12 Heroes Journey Podcast Marvel vs DC power rankings return as leaked trailers, MCU marketing doubts, and DC momentum collide in our hype list for 2026 and beyond.

On this episode of CBR's Heroes Journey Podcast, Sean O'Connell and Sierra Nutkevitch discuss a leaked Spider-Man: Brand New Day trailer circulating online in near-pristine quality, and what that says about studios losing control of their biggest releases. From there, they break down their updated Marvel vs DC power rankings across 16 upcoming projects, and the big takeaway is the confidence shift.

Marvel's biggest event films spark the most debate, especially as Secret Wars brings new fears and Doomsday raises serious questions. Meanwhile, DC's slate gains energy with the Supergirl trailer push and the continued rise of Gunn's next Superman chapter. 5:00 Jamie Campbell Bower and Vecna: The Same But Different Stranger Things Jamie Campbell Bower shares his childhood memories and how similar they might be to Stranger Things (in season one for like a second). He goes deep on Vecna and how he hopes audiences feel at the end of the series and what songs he's made that were inspired by the intense character. 7:14 Matt & Ross Duffer Talk About Future of Stranger Things and Beyond Stranger Things In this juicy interview with Matt and Ross Duffer, Grae Drake finds out their future plans for the Stranger Things franchise, their movie inspiration for this volume's wonderful camerawork, and some secret future projects. Popular News Netflix Says Goodbye to the 1978 Masterpiece That Changed Comedies Forever Posts By Carly Tennes Dragon Ball Super's Toyotarou Must 'Throw Away Akira Toriyama' to Succeed, According to Shonen Jump Editor Posts By Leo Reyna Taylor Sheridan's $76M Underseen Hit Action Thriller Quietly Lands a New Streaming Home Posts By Sam Fang CBR Exclusives See More Shrek Star Confirms They Auditioned for Hazbin Hotel: ‘Guess I’m Not Up to Snuff’ (Exclusive) Prime Video’s New Spy Show Confirms Secret James Bond Connection (Exclusive) Stranger Things’ Most Emotional Will Byers Scene Was Years in the Making, Noah Schnapp Reveals Latest Filter by All Movies TV Anime Gaming Comics & Superheroes This Underrated Crunchyroll Anime Officially Doubles Frieren's Fandom Size Online Akame ga Kill! Frieren: Beyond Journey's End Season 2 finally debuts in January, yet the fierce hype around  it still hasn't eclipsed an underrated series online. Posts By Sarah Martin A Classic MCU Superhero Goes on the Weirdest Killing Spree (Exclusive Preview) doctor strange In a CBR exclusive preview of next week's Marvel: Black, White, Blood and Guts, see a shocking Avenger go on a killing spree! Posts By Brian Cronin 22 Years Later, This Wildly Underrated PS2 RPG Is Still 1 of the Best Games of the 2000s Video Games One of the best PS2 RPGs of the 2000s deserves far more love than it gets, as it's a dark masterpiece with unforgettable visuals and characters. Posts By Scott Baird 6 Perfect Shows to Binge on New Year’s Day (& Where to Stream Them) Streaming Ring in the new year with these streaming delights, all of which can be polished off inside a day (with a few exceptions). Posts By Michael Gordon 10 Insane Anime That Every Stranger Things Fan Should Try anime Fans of Stranger Things who are craving more after Season 5 shoulder check out these crazy anime series. Posts By Rosa Perez This Epic Crossover Event Is The Most Anticipated Comic Book of 2026 marvel With Marvel's Ultimate Universe wrapping up in 2026, this major crossover event is easily the most exciting upcoming book of the year. Posts By Maxwell Pishny Apple TV's Pluribus Takes Away the 1 Thing Sci-Fi Always Promises Pluribus After Breaking Bad, Vince Gilligan subverted expectations once again as Pluribus takes away a classic sci-fi trope. Posts By Carolyn Jenkins 30 Years Later, The Greatest Sega Genesis Game of All Time Is More Powerful Than Ever genesis Even 30 years later, this game stands tall as arguably the greatest Sega Genesis game and one of the best RPGs of all time. Posts By David Jagneaux Batman's Perfect Origin Was Somehow Improved 50 Years Ago Batman A look back to December 1975, when Batman's perfect origin was somehow improved upon by Denny O'Neil Posts 1 By Brian Cronin Solo Leveling Celebrates The New Year With Cha Haein Dropping The Ball Solo Leveling Solo Leveling: Ragnarok’s latest chapter could’ve closed out 2025 with Cha Haein’s highly anticipated return, but it’ll have to wait until next year. Posts By Brett Cardaro 33 Years Later, the Greatest Quote in Western Movie History Is Still Untouchable TV One of the greatest quotes in Western movie history remains untouchable for the way it perfectly reframed the genre at a pivotal moment in cinema. Posts 1 By Hannah Postlethwait Top 100 Comic Book Storylines #3-1 Top 100 Comic Book Storylines We conclude the count down your picks for the greatest comic book storylines of all-time as we hit the top five with 3-1! Posts 2 By Brian Cronin 43 Years Later, 1 Ridley Scott Scene Still Sparks the Biggest Debate in Sci-Fi Movie History Blade Runner In 1982, Ridley Scott changed the face of science fiction forever, but also left the world with one of sci-fi's greatest fan debates ever. Posts By Ashley Land Crunchyroll Has Good News for Kaguya-sama: Love Is War Fans Kaguya-Sama: Love Is War Crunchyroll brings Kaguya-sama: Love Is War fans a late holiday gift in the form of the franchise's latest two-part special, 'Stairway to Adulthood.' Posts By Renee Senzatimore Prime Video’s 15-Episode Sci-Fi Neo-Western Rivals Yellowstone (& Most Fans Missed It) TV A haunting mystery unfolds on the Abbott ranch, where a father's unwavering determination to preserve his family's legacy is tested like never before. Posts By Laila Elhenawy The X-Men Began a New Ultimate Era 25 Years Ago X-Men A look back to December 2000 for the launch of Ultimate X-Men Posts By Brian Cronin 2 of Steam's Best-Rated Games of 2025 Are Completely Free, No Strings Attached steam Two of the greatest games of 2025 are now completely free to play. Posts By Emma Singer The '50s Western Classic That Quietly Set the Blueprint for John Wayne's Final Movie Movies In 1950, Hollywood legend Gregory Peck headlined a gunslinger story that still influences Westerns seventy-five years later. Posts By Ashley Land Jump Festa’s Biggest Disappointment Still Has a Bright Side Anime Jump Festa 2025 unveiled major announcements across the industry heading into 2026, but Dandadan's Season 3 release date left some fans disappointed. Posts By Sarah Martin 4 Years Later, Disney's Secret Stranger Things Crossover Remains Weirder Than Ever Stranger Things Stranger Things has officially entered the pop culture zeitgeist and has a blink-and-you'll-miss-it reference in another iconic show. Posts By Stephen Rosenberg See More CBR Critics Corner Movie Reviews TV Reviews Comic Book Reviews Anime Reviews Game Reviews Trending Now Spider-Man Must Make an Impossible Decision Before a Climactic Battle (Exclusive Preview) An MCU Superhero Paid the Ultimate Price for Their Crimes 10 Years Ago Top Isekai Anime Blamed for Distressing International Terrorist Attack Join Our Team Our Audience About Us Press & Events Media Coverage Contact Us Follow Us Advertising Careers Terms Privacy Policies CBR is part of the Valnet Publishing Group Copyright © 2025 Valnet Inc.