AI-Powered Omnichannel Customer Service Platform | Comm100 It’s live! Access exclusive 2025 live chat benchmarks & see how your team stacks up. Get the data Contact Sales Sign In View Demo Platform AI From first question to final insight, Comm100 AI accelerates every stage of the support lifecycle. AI Suite AI Agent AI Copilot AI Insights AI Knowledge AI Quality Assurance AI Onboarding Omnichannel Support Comm100 unifies every channel and tool into one platform, empowering efficient, accurate, and personalized support wherever your customers are. Live Chat Ticketing & Messaging Knowledge Base Queue Management Voice Booking Security & Privacy Integrations Analytics AI AI Agent AI Copilot AI Insights AI Knowledge AI Quality Assurance AI Onboarding Omnichannel Support Live Chat Ticketing & Messaging Knowledge Base Queue Management Voice Booking Platform Security & Privacy Integrations Analytics Industries Industries Discover tailored solutions for your industry Higher Education Support students, faculty, and staff at every stage Gaming Transform player engagement with personalized 24/7 support Government Digital support that your 21st century citizens demand Technology Meet the expectations of your digital-first consumers Banking & Finance Deliver personalized support at scale – securely Healthcare HIPAA-secure communication for stronger patient relationships Insurance Gain a competitive edge with exceptional customer service Telecom Enhance customer communication, exceed expectations Higher Education Gaming Government Technology Banking & Finance Healthcare Insurance Telecom Customers Partners Partner Program The Comm100 Partner Program guarantees success for all partners, including software resellers, system integrators, ISVs, consultants, and white label providers, with tailored partnership models to suit every type of business. Let's partner Solutions for Human Resources Banking & Finance VoIP Comm100 Partners Certified Vertical Partners Partner News & Events Global Partner Map Partner Programs Solutions for Human Resources Banking & Finance VoIP Comm100 Partners Certified Vertical Partners Partner News & Events Global Partner Map Resources Learn & Connect eBooks, Videos & Guides Get to know our solutions and what they can do for you and your organization Customer Stories See how Comm100's customers are delivering excellent digital customer experiences with our platform Blog Best practices and innovative content to help you on your journey to digital CX excellence Support Knowledge Base Everything you need to know about setting up and using Comm100 and all its features Customer Success Because your people and processes matter as much as the technology you choose Featured What Makes a Top-Tier Customer Service Platform in 2025? 5 Key Features to Look for Learn & Connect eBooks, Videos & Guides Customer Stories Blog Support Knowledge Base Customer Success Pricing Contact Sales Platform AI From first question to final insight, Comm100 AI accelerates every stage of the support lifecycle. AI Suite AI Agent AI Copilot AI Insights AI Knowledge AI Quality Assurance AI Onboarding Omnichannel Support Comm100 unifies every channel and tool into one platform, empowering efficient, accurate, and personalized support wherever your customers are. Live Chat Ticketing & Messaging Knowledge Base Queue Management Voice Booking Security & Privacy Integrations Analytics AI AI Agent AI Copilot AI Insights AI Knowledge AI Quality Assurance AI Onboarding Omnichannel Support Live Chat Ticketing & Messaging Knowledge Base Queue Management Voice Booking Platform Security & Privacy Integrations Analytics Industries Industries Discover tailored solutions for your industry Higher Education Support students, faculty, and staff at every stage Gaming Transform player engagement with personalized 24/7 support Government Digital support that your 21st century citizens demand Technology Meet the expectations of your digital-first consumers Banking & Finance Deliver personalized support at scale – securely Healthcare HIPAA-secure communication for stronger patient relationships Insurance Gain a competitive edge with exceptional customer service Telecom Enhance customer communication, exceed expectations Higher Education Gaming Government Technology Banking & Finance Healthcare Insurance Telecom Customers Partners Partner Program The Comm100 Partner Program guarantees success for all partners, including software resellers, system integrators, ISVs, consultants, and white label providers, with tailored partnership models to suit every type of business. Let's partner Solutions for Human Resources Banking & Finance VoIP Comm100 Partners Certified Vertical Partners Partner News & Events Global Partner Map Partner Programs Solutions for Human Resources Banking & Finance VoIP Comm100 Partners Certified Vertical Partners Partner News & Events Global Partner Map Resources Learn & Connect eBooks, Videos & Guides Get to know our solutions and what they can do for you and your organization Customer Stories See how Comm100's customers are delivering excellent digital customer experiences with our platform Blog Best practices and innovative content to help you on your journey to digital CX excellence Support Knowledge Base Everything you need to know about setting up and using Comm100 and all its features Customer Success Because your people and processes matter as much as the technology you choose Featured What Makes a Top-Tier Customer Service Platform in 2025? 5 Key Features to Look for Learn & Connect eBooks, Videos & Guides Customer Stories Blog Support Knowledge Base Customer Success Pricing Contact Sales The People-First, AI-Powered Omnichannel Customer Service Platform. Proudly Canadian. Support That’s Simply Better, for Everyone. View Demo Free Trial 223m Annual Conversations 4.7/5 Capterra Rating 80% AI Resolution Rate 95% CSAT Rate Come meet us at #5Q10 on Jan 19-21, 2026 Barcelona, Spain Book a meeting mow Human Centered Service, Powered by AI Level up your self-serve and human-assisted customer service with AI-driven speed & efficiency. Meet your customers where and when they prefer, accelerating resolution with powerful AI agents and enhancements that help everyone get on with their day. From automated, context-aware support to real-time human assistance, onboarding, and evaluation, Comm100 solutions are designed with a singular goal in mind: to shorten the path between question and answer. Learn More Meet the Comm100 AI Suite AI Agent Automate 80% of customer queries with context-aware human-like AI responses. AI Copilot Empower human agents with real-time AI suggestions and automated workflows. AI Insights Gain deep visibility into chat resolutions, sentiments, and other AI-driven analytics. AI Knowledge Find knowledge gaps, fix articles, and draft new content from real conversations. AI QA Auto-score every conversation and turn findings into one-click coaching moments. AI Onboarding Convert your knowledge and QA insights into simulation-based training and quizzes. “The chatbot (now AI Agent) is equipped to handle all the basic, common queries that were previously taking up so much of the agents’ time. Today, more than 70% of all live chat queries are directly routed to the chatbot, and of these, 68% are resolved without any human interaction. ” – Denny Michaud, Customer Relations Manager, Canadian Blood Services Read the full story Want to see how AI can transform your customer service? View Demo Every Channel. One Platform. That’s Seamless Service Made Easy. Comm100’s omnichannel customer service platform combines every channel and tool into one unified agent console, empowering you to deliver efficient, accurate, and personalized support wherever your customers are. You choose where to start. We’ll help you expand as your needs evolve. Live Chat Connect in real-time with text, audio, video, screen sharing & more Ticketing & Messaging Manage email, SMS, social, and messaging apps — all from one platform Voice Engage customers with crystal-clear, seamlessly integrated voice calls Knowledge Base Deliver instant, easy-to-find answers for customers, agents and AI Queue Management Streamline the queueing experience to cut wait times & improve CX Booking Empower customers to book appointments or meetings with ease “Everybody has their preferred way of communicating. Some people want to reach out via live chat, some social media, and others via email. The beauty of Comm100 is that every channel can be connected into one platform so we can connect with and support more students, more efficiently. ” – Lachlan Todd, Communications & Systems Coordinator, Thompson Rivers University Read the full story “ Comm100 does exactly what we needed it to do – integrate multiple channels of communication into a single platform so we don’t have to monitor multiple devices and accounts. This improves agent productivity, and most importantly, improves the end user’s experience.” – IT Professional, Global Affairs Canada Read the full story Contact us today for a personalized solution tailored to your needs. View Demo Security and Privacy Are Our Superpowers Our data centers in the US, Canada, Europe, and APAC adhere to strict security policies and protocols. We provide all of the security and privacy compliance you need – and more – to ensure your and your customers’ data is secure. Learn more Exceptional Software Backed by World Class Service Our dedicated AI architects, trainers, and customer success managers collaborate to understand your unique needs and deliver tailored solutions. Expert teams deliver exceptional results. Tailor Your Plan Get a customized solution that fits your needs—choose the channels and tools that work best for you. Our flexible, usage-based pricing ensures you only pay for what you use, with no hidden fees. Launch in 2 Weeks Our training team implements best practices for efficient onboarding and delivers tailored training for your agents, supervisors and stakeholders. Continuously Optimize Our customer success team provides ongoing guidance and advice post-deployment to ensure optimal feature usage, and our AI architects offer actionable insights through regular meetings to improve efficiency. Solutions Tailored for Your Industry Comm100 serves a variety of industries, including higher education, iGaming, banking, healthcare and more. Whatever your field, we provide the expertise, solutions, and packages to meet your needs. Higher Education iGaming Technology Government Banking & Finance ... and more! Higher Education Optimize the student experience with AI-powered support Explore our Higher Education solution iGaming Transform player engagement with personalized 24/7 support Explore our Gaming solution Technology Meet the expectations of your digital-first consumers Explore our Technology solution Government Digital support that 21st century citizens demand Explore our Government solution Banking & Finance Deliver personal 1-1 support, at scale & securely Explore our Banking & Finance solution Hear the Buzz: What Our Customers Are Raving About University of British Columbia Reduced student wait time by 30% “We face a high student to advisor ratio, so triaging requests with Comm100 has allowed us to serve more students, more quickly. We automate the simple queries off the top with a chatbot (now AI Agent), then pass more complicated questions to live chat.” - Terina Mailer, Manager, Academic & Career Advising, UBC Okanagan + Read customer story Google Fitbit Generated $6M in net new pipeline in the first year “Many of the tools we looked at were too focused on customer success and didn’t have the right functionality for B2B sales. Comm100 had a good mix of both and supported our sales use case better than other vendors we evaluated.” - Joanie Gentile, Sr. Business Operations Manager + Read customer story Global Affairs Canada Chatbot (now AI Agent) handles 78% of incoming chats “We wanted to make it easier for our whole stakeholder base to contact us. Comm100 has given us that – every individual can now choose what channel they prefer and get their query answered, quickly and accurately.” - IT Professional, Global Affairs Canada + Read customer story HSS Training Achieved 4.76/5 average CSAT rating "Switching to Comm100 was a no-brainer for us. Comm100’s reporting capabilities were so much better. The UI is very clear and it’s great being able to customize our whole setup by ourselves in just a few clicks. ” - Shane Perkins, Commerce Manager, HSS Training + Read customer story Resources to Get You and Your Team Ahead Expand your knowledge and improve your team’s performance with our in-depth guides, best practices, and tools. Live Webinar Player Support That Wins: Retention, Compliance, and the AI Advantage in Gaming Register now eBook Using AI to Streamline Caseloads for Student Advisors Download now Report Live Chat Benchmark Report 2025 Unlock the insights Webinar The New Comm100 AI Trifecta – Driving Smarter, Deeper Customer Relationships Watch the webinar White Paper What Makes a Top-Tier Customer Service Platform in 2025? 5 Key Features to Look for Download now Report The Untapped Power of Customer Support in Responsible Gambling Compliance Download now eBook The VIP Mindset: How to Target High Rollers in iGaming Download now eBook Optimizing Your Admissions Funnel: 5 Proven Strategies for Success Download now Webinar Cracking the Self-Service Code in iGaming Watch the webinar Experience the power of people-first, AI-powered customer service. Get started today! View Demo Free Trial Sign up for our monthly customer service news & tips. Platform Live Chat AI Agent AI Copilot AI Insights AI Knowledge AI Quality Assurance AI Onboarding Voice Bot Ticketing & Messaging Knowledge Base Queue Management Voice Booking Integrations Analytics Security & Privacy On-Prem Deployment Developers Download Apps Solutions Higher Education Gaming Banking & Finance Insurance Healthcare Government Technology Telecom & Utilities Retail & eCommerce Manufacturing SMB Enterprise Resources Customer Stories ROI Calculators Reports Webinars Solution Sheets White Papers eBooks Infographics Videos Slides Top Chat Vendors Blog Company Why Us About Us Partners Newsroom Careers Contact Us Support 1-877-­305-0464 1-778-­785-0464 sales@comm100.com HQ 558 – 1771 Robson St. Vancouver, BC V6G 1C9 Canada US Office 16192 Coastal Highway Lewes, Delaware 19958 USA 1-877-­305-0464 1-778-­785-0464 sales@comm100.com HQ 558 – 1771 Robson St.Vancouver, BC V6G 1C9 Canada US Office 16192 Coastal Highway Lewes, Delaware 19958 USA LinkedIn Facebook Copyright © 2025 Comm100 Network Corporation.
                    All Rights Reserved. Site Map | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Cookie Settings | CCPA | EULA | Accessibility