Commonwealth Financial Network® | Top RIA–Independent Broker/Dealer. Skip to Content Commonwealth Logo Your Advantage Evolve Your Business Accelerate Your Growth Streamline Your Operations Transition Your Way Advisor Solutions Affiliation Flexibility Tailored Business Strategies Advanced Planning & Research Complete Marketing Support Holistic Investment Solutions Collaborative Compliance Powerful Technology Outsourced Business Solutions Insights Insights The Independent Market Observer Advisor Stories Press and News About Us Leadership Our History Advisor-Centric Culture Our Inclusion and Belonging Mission Our Corporate Social Responsibility Commonwealth Cares Member Login For Clients Careers Let's Connect Your Advantage Advisor Solutions Insights About Us Let's Connect Member Login For Clients Careers Welcome to the power of partnership. Welcome to Commonwealth. You have a vision as an independent financial advisor. Realize it with a partner that puts you first and powers you forward with sophisticated solutions, specialized consulting, and intuitive tools. This milestone creates the best-in-class firm for financial advisors focused on sustainable success. Read the press release . Commonwealth ranks “#1 in Independent Advisor Satisfaction Among Financial Investment Firms 12 Times in a Row” by J.D. Power. Read the press release. An advisor-centric approach to fuel your success Whether you're growing an existing practice, embarking on a fee-only path, or breaking free to explore independence for the first time, turn to our innovative, advisor-forward strategies to give you a competitive advantage. Discover Your Advantage Be the advisor you want to be Build your business with comprehensive, integrated capabilities that accentuate your strengths and a partner who’s as invested in your success as you are. Learn More About Our Advisor-Centric Culture Break away and break through Get up and running as an independent business owner with a suite of valuable resources, from guidance for managing the economics and risks of entrepreneurship to strategies for marketing your new business. Learn More Go from fee-mostly to fee-only Take control of your growth path by affiliating as your own RIA or through our corporate RIA, with personalized consulting, operations, and compliance tailored to help you optimize your business. Learn More 0 1 Tailored Business Strategies 0 2 Advanced Planning & Research 0 3 Complete Marketing Support 0 4 Collaborative Compliance 0 5 Powerful Technology Advisor Voices Meet Our Advisors "My professor said, 'You would be a really good advisor because you understand the numbers, but you also understand people, and you’re always going to do what’s best.'" Watch the video. "It was a very straightforward decision to come to Commonwealth after I learned about the firm’s emphasis and flexibility around investment management and financial planning." Jodi and Newlin's ability to deliver their signature high-touch service has transformed a year of unpredictability into one of growth. "Commonwealth has the culture and the resources to make my firm and the client experience exactly how I want." "My dad was the kind of man that would always pull over to help anyone who was stranded on the side of the road. That kind of instilled in me a wanting to help others." Watch the video. "Before, I was working for someone else, trying to qualify for a fancy trip and health insurance. Now, I want to build an enterprise. I want to build a business." Watch the video. "A lot of people tell their clients, 'Save more money.' I'm like, 'Hey, you've got plenty of money. You need to spend more of it. Go on vacation. Quit being so tight with it.'" Watch the video. "[My dad’s] financial advisor spent a good hour explaining the options, what he does, and how he can help. At the end of the conversation, I said, 'How do I do what you do?' And the rest is history." Watch the video. "My professor said, 'You would be a really good advisor because you understand the numbers, but you also understand people, and you’re always going to do what’s best.'" Watch the video. "It was a very straightforward decision to come to Commonwealth after I learned about the firm’s emphasis and flexibility around investment management and financial planning." Jodi and Newlin's ability to deliver their signature high-touch service has transformed a year of unpredictability into one of growth. "Commonwealth has the culture and the resources to make my firm and the client experience exactly how I want." "My dad was the kind of man that would always pull over to help anyone who was stranded on the side of the road. That kind of instilled in me a wanting to help others." Watch the video. "Before, I was working for someone else, trying to qualify for a fancy trip and health insurance. Now, I want to build an enterprise. I want to build a business." Watch the video. "A lot of people tell their clients, 'Save more money.' I'm like, 'Hey, you've got plenty of money. You need to spend more of it. Go on vacation. Quit being so tight with it.'" Watch the video. "[My dad’s] financial advisor spent a good hour explaining the options, what he does, and how he can help. At the end of the conversation, I said, 'How do I do what you do?' And the rest is history." Watch the video. "My professor said, 'You would be a really good advisor because you understand the numbers, but you also understand people, and you’re always going to do what’s best.'" Watch the video. "It was a very straightforward decision to come to Commonwealth after I learned about the firm’s emphasis and flexibility around investment management and financial planning." Jodi and Newlin's ability to deliver their signature high-touch service has transformed a year of unpredictability into one of growth. "Commonwealth has the culture and the resources to make my firm and the client experience exactly how I want." Meet Our Advisors ← → What we're thinking The Fee-Only Advisor Navigating the Regulatory Landscape for Investment Advisers Scott Wilkinson, IACCP 08.07.24 Wealth Planning & Investing Why Advisors Should Capitalize on the Convergence of Wealth and Retirement Mathew Powers, CFA®, AIF®, AIFA® 06.05.24 12.17.25 LPL Financial 2026 Outlook: The Market Observatory [Video] In this special LPL Financial 2026 Outlook edition of the Market Observatory, Chris Fasciano and Sam Millette welcome LPL Financial CIO Marc Zabicki to discuss LPL's Outlook and what investors should focus on as we enter the new year. 12.11.25 2026 Outlook: What’s the Big Picture? Where will markets and the economy go in the year ahead? Chris Fasciano, chief market strategist, explores the big picture and looks to the LPL Research 2026 Outlook to put the details in focus. 08.12.25 Inside the HNW Mindset: Marketing Made Personal How can you effectively use marketing to capture the attention of HNW clients? Learn four best practices for tapping into the HNW mindset and making a lasting impression on this lucrative group. All Insights Are we a good fit? Hi, I'm Becca, managing principal, chief business development officer at Commonwealth. I can't wait to learn more about you and share our Commonwealth story. Let's Connect Commonwealth Logo Your Advantage Evolve Your Business Accelerate Your Growth Streamline Your Operations Transition Your Way Advisor Solutions Affiliation Flexibility Tailored Business Strategies Advanced Planning & Research Complete Marketing Support Holistic Investment Solutions Collaborative Compliance Powerful Technology Outsourced Business Solutions Insights The Independent Market Observer Advisor Stories Press and News About Us Leadership Our History Advisor-Centric Culture Our Inclusive Workplace Corporate Responsibility Commonwealth Cares Careers Contact Us For Clients Member Login Waltham 275 Wyman Street, Suite 400 , Waltham, MA 02451-1200 Toll-Free 800.237.0081 Phone 781.736.0700 Fax 781.736.0793 San Diego 600 West Broadway, Suite 3200 , San Diego, CA 92101-3398 Toll-Free 877.347.1982 Phone 619.471.9700 Fax 619.471.9701 Blue Ash 4675 Cornell Rd, Suite 100 , Cincinnati, OH 45241 LinkedIn Facebook Youtube Instagram Information about securities-registered professionals may be found at FINRA BROKERCHECK . Form CRS | Disclosure | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Accessibility Policy ©2025 Commonwealth Financial Network®, Member FINRA / SIPC , 
a Registered Investment Adviser. All rights reserved. Menu