Looking to explore or pilot a new ELA program in the new year? CommonLit 360 provides exactly what you need, and nothing that you don't. See how our full program supports your teachers and drives growth for students. Learn more.
Solutions
ImpactPricing
Contact sales
Log in
Sign up
Real classrooms,
real results
CommonLit is made for teachers, by teachers. It has everything you need to drive student growth—at a fraction of the cost.
Explore for free
Contact sales
CORE ELA PROGRAM
Everything you need in one place

Schools succeed when four things come together: great materials, a shared vision for teaching, strong support for educators, and clear data to track progress. That’s exactly what we’ve built for ELA—everything you need, in one affordable platform.

High-Quality
Instructional Materials

Equip educators with a comprehensive ELA curriculum for grades 6–12 that’s fun and effective.
Research-backed curriculum aligned to state standards
Full-length texts that challenge students and spark curiosity
Classroom-ready lesson materials to save teachers time
Learn more

Implementation
support built to last

Get step-by-step guidance and expert support to make curriculum implementation seamless.
Clear framework for managing complex change with confidence
Structured, teacher-driven curriculum pilot programs
Ongoing training to build team knowledge and alignment
Learn more

Professional development
tailored for educators

Partner with our team of experts to transform teaching and learning for sustainable growth.
Curriculum-aligned support tailored to teams' needs
Flexible learning options—virtual, in-person, or on-demand
Multi-year support that builds expertise over time
Learn more

Actionable insights
with assessments & data

Track reading growth and proficiency throughout the school year with our three benchmark assessments.
Reliable field-tested assessments created by our expert team
Standards-aligned questions that provide actionable data
Easy and secure testing directly through the CommonLit platform
Learn more
Based on evidence, built for impact
Everything we build is grounded in research and shaped by real classroom results.
See our impact
Case studies
Learn how CommonLit makes a difference in student growth.
Lakewood Middle School’s Success with CommonLit 360
Lakewood Middle School saw increases in students’ NJSLA scores, student engagement, and teacher satisfaction.
5 min read
Mar 19, 2024
Pender County’s Success with our Professional Development
Pender County was excited to find a partner that provides helpful professional development and ongoing support.
4 min read
Apr 23, 2024
Evaluating Reading Growth for Students in CommonLit Classrooms
Students using CommonLit saw significant reading gains of 2-6 additional months of learning.
4 min read
May 30, 2024
TESTIMONIALS
Loved by teachers, trusted by administrators

Get inspired by the experiences of educators who’ve seen the impact of our program.

"CommonLit has been a game changer. It provides a common language for teachers. The Professional Development is intentionally designed, and we’ve had more buy-in and success than we ever envisioned. We’ve even seen the level of instructional conversations increase across the district."
Angela Szakasits
Secondary Instructional Coach ELA
Pender County Schools, NC
"Planning is so much easier, because now I’m not searching for something that matches the standard. CommonLit already aligns to the standard. By far, my lesson planning and data collection has been so much better than it’s ever been in the past. It’s because it’s all right there for you."
Sarah Johnson
Literacy Coach for Grades 7-12
Lakewood Middle School, NJ
"I was blown away with the opportunities CommonLit afforded our teachers to diversify what they were offering to students in their classrooms."
Tracy Hunt
Instructional Facilitator for ELA/Media
Mid-Del School District
Ready to get started?
Contact sales
CommonLit is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization
Who we are
About
Impact
Partners
Careers
Press
Donate
Solutions
Pricing
CommonLit 360
Curriculum Pilots
Professional Development
Rostering & Integrations
Benchmark Assessments
Resources
Blog
Webinars
Support Center
Contact Us
Site Status
© 2025 CommonLit. All rights reserved.  
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
State Disclosures
Security
Manage Cookies
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read more in our Privacy Policy.
Manage Preferences
Accept Cookies