Common Sense Skip to main content 100% of your membership supports our independent work. We protect & prepare kids in the digital era. Join now . We Rate We Educate We Advocate Our Research Our Story Donate We protect and prepare kids for an always-on world. We're Common Sense Media, a nonprofit that puts kids' safety and well-being first in the digital era. Together with families, educators, and policymakers, we're leading the way to a safer, healthier childhood. Join us Leading the Conversation on AI Parents' Ultimate Guide to AI Companions and Relationships A Parent's Playbook to Raising Kids in the Digital Era New! Digital Literacy & Well-Being Curriculum AI Basics for K–12 Teachers WHAT WE DO We Rate We provide research-based guidance helping families navigate media, AI, and emerging technology safely. Learn more We Educate We provide schools and teachers with simple, effective resources to help kids navigate their well-being in the digital era. Learn more We Advocate We push for laws and policies that protect kids, hold tech accountable, and put children's well-being at the center of the digital world. Learn more Discover more Parents' Ultimate Guides Movie Recommendations Book Recommendations TV Recommendations AI Resources Family Tech Planner Digital Literacy Lessons Lesson Toolkits Educator Professional Development EdTech Reviews AI Risk Assessments Teaching Strategies Family Engagement Resources The only agenda: Your kids' well-being. We fight for kids' safety online so they can thrive offline. Your support makes it possible. Learn more Impact in Homes 124M Households reached We help families make informed choices about what their kids watch, read, and play. Impact in Schools 1.4M Educators served We reach over 1.4 million member educators with our digital literacy curriculum resources. Impact in Communities $80B Secured for communities Our research and advocacy has helped to secure more than $80B to connect homes, schools, and communities to high-speed internet. Safer starts here. We help you make sense of what kids are watching, playing, and doing online, so you can guide them with confidence. We give kids the tools to think critically—not just scroll endlessly. We show up where decisions get made so policy protects childhood, not platforms. We believe in a digital future worthy of the children who will inherit it. Your support makes that possible. Join us Image What makes membership worth it? Our members know. ...a Common Sense Media membership unlocks a whole treasure trove of high-quality curriculums and resources. —Tom, elementary school teacher They help me figure out various gaming platforms like Minecraft and Roblox. In fact, if it weren't for Common Sense Media, my children would have none of these games. —Anne, mother of two If ​​Common Sense Media research can help bring about change… then it's worth every penny. —Steve, donor WHERE YOU'VE SEEN US Learn more OUR LATEST RESEARCH Boys in the Digital Wild: Online Culture, Identity, and Well-Being Talk, Trust, and Trade-Offs: How and Why Teens use AI Companions The Dawn of the AI Era: Teens, Parents, and the Adoption of Generative AI at Home and School Unpacking Grind Culture in American Teens: Pressure, Burnout, and the Role of Social Media Research Brief: Teens, Trust, and Technology in the Age of AI The 2025 Common Sense Census: Media Use by Kids Zero to Eight Dive deeper into the research Less guesswork. More Common Sense. Sign up now for emails with real support, real community, and real impact. Leave this field blank View our privacy policy . Common Sense is dedicated to improving the lives of kids and families by providing the trustworthy information, education, and independent voice they need to thrive. We're a nonprofit. Support our work About Column 1 Our Work and Impact How We Work Diversity & Inclusion Meet Our Team Board of Directors Board of Advisors Our Partners Our Offices Press Room Annual Report Contact Us Learn More Column 1 Common Sense Media Common Sense Education Digital Citizenship Program Family Engagement Program Privacy Program Research Program Advocacy Program Get Involved Column 1 Donate Join as a Parent Join as an Educator Join as an Advocate Get Our Newsletters Request a Speaker Partner With Us Events We're Hiring Follow Common Sense Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Contact us / Privacy / Cookie settings / Terms of use / Community guidelines © Common Sense Media. All rights reserved. Common Sense and other associated names and logos are trademarks of Common Sense Media, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization (FEIN: 41-2024986).