The Commercial Appeal - Memphis Breaking News and Sports News Sports Memphis Tigers Business Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals Break dishes on New Year's? Ensure good luck in 2026 with these superstitions Things to do on New Year's Eve in Memphis: 13 events to ring in 2026 Grizzlies coach talks rotations, bigger picture after loss vs 76ers Why 2026 may be 'real big year' for Carriage Crossing in Collierville Watch Now More Stories Are banks, post offices, UPS and FedEx open on New… 2025 New Year's Eve on TV: Where to watch the ball drop Jack White slams Rep. Tim Burchett for sharing fake AI… See photos from New Year's Eve in Memphis through the… These five affordable brand-new cars all start under $25… Shopping Kick off 2026 fitness goals with WeightWatchers for $10 per month Guadalajara 2026 World Cup tickets are available now Bad breath? Try Pearl Serum for a fresh start in 2026 News Break dishes on New Year's? Ensure good luck in 2026 with these superstitions The Memphis, Shelby County political stories to watch for in 2026 What's on the ballot in Germantown in 2026? See the key races and dates Sports Grizzlies coach talks rotations, bigger picture after loss vs 76ers Kalen DeBoer, Alabama at crossroads of risk and opportunity in Rose Bowl Memphis basketball vs North Texas channel, time, TV schedule, streaming Entertainment Things to do on New Year's Eve in Memphis: 13 events to ring in 2026 What days can you not buy alcohol in Tennessee? Is New Year's Day among them? 2025 New Year's Eve on TV: Where to watch the ball drop Life Give Your Brain a Break — Play Today See photos from the opening of the first Raising Cane's in Memphis When does Starbucks holiday menu return? Keep an eye out for this date Food What days can you not buy alcohol in Tennessee? Is New Year's Day among them? Which Memphis-area grocery stores are open on New Year's Day? Enjoy a taste of our 6 favorite meals from Memphis restaurants in 2025 Business Why 2026 may be 'real big year' for Carriage Crossing in Collierville What's that planned by Leslie's Pool Supplies in Bartlett? Elon Musk's xAI expands footprint with another Southaven site Opinion NCRM's revealing portrait of civil rights strategist Bayard Rustin Robin Washington Better Business Bureau: FTC goes after facilitators of tech-support scams Randy Hutchinson Why this gubernatorial candidate wants to repeal TN's grocery tax Jerri Green Trending How to play the 'Say The Word On Beat' challenge taking over social media Watch live as the world celebrates New Year's Eve to ring in 2026 Snow could drop with the ball on New Year's Eve. See the forecast. Featured Gallery Extra, Extra Winners Announced! Nominate Today! Vote Each Week! More in Contests The Memphis, Shelby County political stories to watch for in 2026 What's on the ballot in Germantown in 2026? See the key races and dates These are the Memphis court cases you should watch going into 2026 When is winter break over for Memphis area students? What to know What days can you not buy alcohol in Tennessee? Is New Year's Day among them? About Us Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Sitemap Legals Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Promote your Event Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give Feedback Subscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook X eNewspaper Archives Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Education Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions © 2025 www.commercialappeal.com. All rights reserved.