CommentSold - The #1 Video Commerce & Live Selling Platform Products Close Products Open Products CommentSold Videeo for Shopify pop.store Popclips - Shoppable Videos (New) CommentChat (New) AI ClipHero (New) Content Management System (Website Creator) Branded Mobile App Live Selling Facebook Selling Instagram Selling TikTok Selling Marketing Automation Shipping & Fulfillment Inventory Management Insights and Reporting Customer Loyalty and Rewards Multi-Source CS Payments Point of Sale iOS/Android Mobile App Builder Popclips-Shoppable Videos Live Video Commerce Live Schedule Promotion Tools Shopify Video Commerce Shoppable Video Popclips Live Commerce Mobile App Learn more about Videeo for Shopify Free E-commerce Store Front Dropship Supply Chain Subscription Content Digital Products IG Comment Automation Learn more about pop.store Calendar Bookings Live Streaming Live selling startup CommentSold uses AI to generate shoppable, social-ready clips learn more Use Cases Close Use Cases Open Use Cases Women’s Retail Direct Selling Home Decor Sports Merchandise Pet Supplies & Accessories Jewelry Arts & Crafts Marquee Customers Picture Based Selling Is Dead: Grow Your Shopify Business Through Video Interactions Read more Resources Close Resources Open Resources Events & Webinar Join us for in-person or virtual events to know more about the power of live selling Save your spot Insights Blog eBook & Guides Case Studies Dropship Partners CS Academy Help Center Company Close Company Open Company Partners Refer CommentSold, earn as they succeed. Tailored for influencers and retail-centric ventures. Become a partner About Us Press Room Careers Press Room Updates CommentSold Partners with Seel to Offer Worry-Free Shopping Experience learn more Pricing Get a Demo Login Login request free trial Ready to Stand Out and Grow Your Business? With a fully branded mobile app, cutting-edge live selling technology, and smart automations, we help turn followers into loyal buyers. Our powerful e-commerce tools deliver 10x higher conversion rates, make every purchase quick and easy, and drive sustainable growth—without adding more to your to-do list. Request Free Trial CommentSold has Powered Over 10,000 Retailers Generating $5.3 Billion+ Customers Entertained 0 Million+ Items Sold 0 Million+ Transacted GMV $ 0 Billion+ Hours Streamed 0 Million+ From Scroll to Sold In today’s retail landscape, visibility isn’t enough—you need engagement. We give you the tools to show up on social media, respond in real time, and turn followers into buyers. With CS it’s easy to connect, respond, and close the loop from discovery to purchase. learn more Shoppers that Stay Through captivating, branded experiences across mobile, live selling, your video-first website, and social, CS keeps your brand front and center, your audience plugged in, and gives you actionable data and insights to keep your customers coming back—again and again. learn more Work Smarter, Not Harder You don’t need a bigger team—just better tools. CommentSold automates everything from invoicing to video creation, while managing inventory and shipping in one place. Spend less time on tasks and more time growing your business. learn more From Scroll to Sold In today’s retail landscape, visibility isn’t enough—you need engagement. We give you the tools to show up on social media, respond in real time, and turn followers into buyers. With CS it’s easy to connect, respond, and close the loop from discovery to purchase. learn more Shoppers that Stay Through captivating, branded experiences across mobile, live selling, your video-first website, and social, CS keeps your brand front and center, your audience plugged in, and gives you actionable data and insights to keep your customers coming back—again and again. learn more Work Smarter, Not Harder You don’t need a bigger team—just better tools. CommentSold automates everything from invoicing to video creation, while managing inventory and shipping in one place. Spend less time on tasks and more time growing your business. learn more Leaders in Video Commerce From Scroll to Sold Grabbing your audience’s attention is only half the battle. The real win is turning social engagement into real sales. That’s where CommentSold comes in. Just being visible is not enough. You need to engage, interact, and make shopping easy the moment your customers are ready. We help you connect with your customers where they already spend their time on Facebook, Instagram, and TikTok, making it effortless to turn likes and comments into purchases. With powerful tools like CommentChat, you can respond instantly and guide shoppers smoothly from discovery to checkout, closing sales faster than ever. Seamless Social Integrations: Facebook, Instagram, TikTok Instant Customer Engagement with CommentChat Streamlined Shopping Experience from Discovery to Purchase Seamless Social Integrations: Facebook, Instagram, TikTok Instant Customer Engagement with CommentChat Streamlined Shopping Experience from Discovery to Purchase Shoppers that Stay One-time purchases won’t grow your brand — lasting relationships will. Keeping customers engaged is what drives ongoing growth and that starts with creating experiences they want to return to and can’t find elsewhere.
CommentSold helps businesses build stronger relationships and community with shoppers through captivating, branded experiences across mobile, live video, video-first websites, and social. We keep your brand front and center, your audience plugged in, and your customers coming back again and again. Mobile App: Your own app where customers can shop anytime. Live Selling: Sell live on video to engage and convert buyers. Website: A video-first website to showcase and enhance your offerings. Shoppers that Stay One-time purchases won’t grow your brand — lasting relationships will. Keeping customers engaged is what drives ongoing growth and that starts with creating experiences they want to return to and can’t find elsewhere.
CommentSold helps businesses build stronger relationships and community with shoppers through captivating, branded experiences across mobile, live video, video-first websites, and social. We keep your brand front and center, your audience plugged in, and your customers coming back again and again. Mobile App: Your own app where customers can shop anytime. Live Selling: Sell live on video to engage and convert buyers. Website: A video-first website to showcase and enhance your offerings. Clips: Short videos that promote your products and brand. Work Smarter, Not Harder You Don’t Need a Bigger Team, You Need Better Tools CommentSold helps businesses streamline operations and reduce manual work with powerful automation. From automated invoicing to AI-generated product videos, we make it easier to manage your business so you can focus on what matters most, scaling your brand. Plus, with inventory management and fulfillment tools, you can drive sales and ship orders all from one unified platform. We provide the tools to simplify your workflow, reduce manual tasks, and help your business grow faster. AI ClipHero: Quickly create product videos from Live Sales. Automated Invoicing: To close sales quickly without manual effort. Unified Inventory Management: Easily track and update your inventory from one location. Streamlined Fulfillment: Handle orders and shipping all in one place. Work Smarter, Not Harder You Don’t Need a Bigger Team, You Need Better Tools CommentSold helps businesses streamline operations and reduce manual work with powerful automation. From automated invoicing to AI-generated product videos, we make it easier to manage your business so you can focus on what matters most, scaling your brand. Plus, with inventory management and fulfillment tools, you can drive sales and ship orders all from one unified platform. We provide the tools to simplify your workflow, reduce manual tasks, and help your business grow faster. AI ClipHero: Quickly create product videos from Live Sales. Automated Invoicing: To close sales quickly without manual effort. Unified Inventory Management: Easily track and update your inventory from one location. Streamlined Fulfillment: Handle orders and shipping all in one place. Our Integrations Easily connect and sync your favorite platforms to grow your online business. CommentSold works hard to get you the best rates and partnerships, so you can enjoy a smooth experience and better profits. Using Shopify? Launch live sales in a mobile app that's 100% your brand. talk to sales Customer Success Stories How Mindy’s Saved Days of Work with CS Dropship read their story more success stories Sisters in Style Boutique Grows 4x with Inclusive Live Selling via CommentSold read their story more success stories 10 Businesses That Saw Over 5x Growth With Live Shopping in the U.S. read their story more success stories From a Disorganized Spreadsheet ‘Disaster’ to Automated Streamlined ‘Magical’ read their story more success stories Find the right fit for your business Looking for something else? Explore all platforms powered by CommentSold. CommentSold CommentSold delivers a powerful, all-in-one, video-1st e-commerce platform, encompassing a powerful website builder, mobile app, live selling, shoppable video clips, and comprehensive inventory, fulfillment, and returns management. learn more Videeo for Shopify Videeo from CommentSold offers a premier Shopify plugin that transforms Shopify stores into dynamic, video-first mobile apps, complete with web and app based live selling, shoppable clips, and a social-inspired video feed. learn more POP.STORE POP.STORE is an all-in-one creator monetization platform that lets you turn your link-in-bio into a revenue-generating powerhouse. Monetize with content subscriptions, live streaming, digital product sales, calendar bookings, affiliate links —all in one place. learn more Solutions Live Selling Facebook Selling Instagram Selling TikTok Selling Branded Mobile App Content Management System Point of Sale Videeo For Shopify Multi-Source CS Payments Insights & Reporting Marketing Automation Loyalty & Rewards Inventory Management Shipping & Fulfillment Use Cases Women's Retail Direct Selling Home Decor Sports Merchandise Pet Supplies & Accessories Jewelry Arts & Crafts Marquee Customers Resources Events & Webinars Insights Blog eBook & Guides Case Studies CS Academy Help Center Company Press Room Partners Dropship Partners Careers About Us Get Started Get a Demo Pricing Request Free Trial Login Follow Instagram Tiktok Facebook-f Linkedin-in Youtube Featured Download Disruptive Retail Innovation:
Why You Need Live Video Commerce Learn how retailers are using live video commerce to create and engage huge audiences of loyal shoppers and superfans. Download our free guide request free trial 2021 CommentSold . All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Service request free trial 2021 CommentSold . All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Service Request a call Please fill out this form to connect with one of our experts & learn more about CommentSold First name (Required) Last name (Required) Business e-mail (Required) Phone number (Required) Company name (Required) Industry (Required) Industry * Women's Clothing and Accessories Men's Fashion Children's Boutique Home Goods Craft Beauty Collectibles And Memorabilia Other Average monthly sales (Required) Average monthly sales * $0 - I Haven't Started Selling Yet $1 - $1,000 $1,000 - $5,000 $5,000 - $15,000 $15,000 - $50,000 $50,000 - $250,000 $250,000 - $500,000 $500,000 and Above How many employees do you have? (Required) How many employees do you have? * 0-1 2-5 6-15 16-50 51+ How do you want to implement live selling? (Required) How do you want to implement live selling? * I have an existing e-commerce platform - want to add live-selling I am a small boutique / brick and mortar store looking to use live-selling and digital commerce to grow my business I am a large e-commerce retailer looking for enterprise live-selling platform How familiar are you with live selling? (Required) How familiar are you with live selling? * Beginner / Exploring I currently go live (social media, website, app, etc.) I have tried it in the past without major success How often do you post on social media? (Required) How often do you post on social media? * Daily Weekly Monthly Less Than Monthly Never When are you looking to get started with live selling? (Required) When are you looking to get started with live selling? * Immediate Within the next 3 months More than 3 months out This field is hidden when viewing the form GA Client ID This field is hidden when viewing the form UTM Source Form This field is hidden when viewing the form UTM Medium Form This field is hidden when viewing the form UTM Campaign Form This field is hidden when viewing the form UTM Ad Group Form This field is hidden when viewing the form Referrer Form This field is hidden when viewing the form Referring Partner Form This field is hidden when viewing the form Test Name This field is hidden when viewing the form GCLID This field is hidden when viewing the form CommentSold Marketing Opt In SMS Opt-In (Required) I authorize CommentSold, LLC and/or its affiliate partners to contact me via text (SMS), using automated dialing technology for marketing and other purposes. This is not a condition for purchase, or utilization of CommentSold’s, services. Message and data rates may apply. To opt-out at any time, reply "STOP” (Required) REQUEST A DEMO Please fill out this form to connect with one of our experts & learn more about CommentSold First name (Required) Last name (Required) Business e-mail (Required) Phone number (Required) Company name (Required) Industry (Required) Industry * Women's Clothing and Accessories Men's Fashion Children's Boutique Home Goods Craft Beauty Collectibles And Memorabilia Other Average monthly sales (Required) Average monthly sales * $0 - I Haven't Started Selling Yet $1 - $1,000 $1,000 - $5,000 $5,000 - $15,000 $15,000 - $50,000 $50,000 - $250,000 $250,000 - $500,000 $500,000 and Above How many employees do you have? (Required) How many employees do you have? * 0-1 2-5 6-15 16-50 51+ How do you want to implement live selling? (Required) How do you want to implement live selling? * I have an existing e-commerce platform - want to add live-selling I am a small boutique / brick and mortar store looking to use live-selling and digital commerce to grow my business I am a large e-commerce retailer looking for enterprise live-selling platform How familiar are you with live selling? (Required) How familiar are you with live selling? * Beginner / Exploring I currently go live (social media, website, app, etc.) I have tried it in the past without major success How often do you post on social media? (Required) How often do you post on social media? * Daily Weekly Monthly Less Than Monthly Never When are you looking to get started with live selling? (Required) When are you looking to get started with live selling? * Immediate Within the next 3 months More than 3 months out This field is hidden when viewing the form GA Client ID This field is hidden when viewing the form UTM Source Form This field is hidden when viewing the form UTM Medium Form This field is hidden when viewing the form UTM Campaign Form This field is hidden when viewing the form UTM Ad Group Form This field is hidden when viewing the form Referrer Form This field is hidden when viewing the form Referring Partner Form This field is hidden when viewing the form Test Name This field is hidden when viewing the form GCLID This field is hidden when viewing the form CommentSold Marketing Opt In SMS Opt-In (Required) I authorize CommentSold, LLC and/or its affiliate partners to contact me via text (SMS), using automated dialing technology for marketing and other purposes. This is not a condition for purchase, or utilization of CommentSold’s, services. Message and data rates may apply. To opt-out at any time, reply "STOP” (Required)