Building Healthier Communities | CommonSpirit Health Skip to Main Content Back to Home Find a doctor Find a location Services and specialties Back to main menu Services and specialties From routine checkups to managing chronic conditions, find the care you need. View all services and specialties Cancer Care Heart Care Emergency Services Primary Care Neurology Orthopedics Urgent Care Women's Health Find a doctor Find a location Patient resources Back to main menu Patient resources Access information and resources to help guide your hospital visit. Explore patient resources Prepare for your visit Back to Patient resources Prepare for your visit Visitor information Resources Back to Patient resources Resources Classes and events Health blog Patient portal Medical records Clinical trials Services Back to Patient resources Services Language and interpretation services International services Spiritual care Billing and finance Back to Patient resources Billing and finance Billing and finance overview Pay my bill Insurance Financial assistance No Surprises Act Price transparency and cost estimator Billing FAQs About us Contact us Pay my bill Patient portal Search Find a doctor Find a location Services and specialties Back to main menu Services and specialties From routine checkups to managing chronic conditions, find the care you need. View all services and specialties Cancer Care Heart Care Emergency Services Primary Care Neurology Orthopedics Urgent Care Women's Health Find a doctor Find a location Patient resources Back to main menu Patient resources Access information and resources to help guide your hospital visit. Explore patient resources Prepare for your visit Back to Patient resources Prepare for your visit Visitor information Resources Back to Patient resources Resources Classes and events Health blog Patient portal Medical records Clinical trials Services Back to Patient resources Services Language and interpretation services International services Spiritual care Billing and finance Back to Patient resources Billing and finance Billing and finance overview Pay my bill Insurance Financial assistance No Surprises Act Price transparency and cost estimator Billing FAQs Search Search With the passage of a temporary government funding bill on November 12, 2025, Medicare has now temporarily restored telehealth waivers and services until January 30, 2026. Learn more. Where expertise meets compassion More than ever, our communities need compassion and caring, and our families need support. At CommonSpirit Health®, we are committed to building healthier communities. Building healthy communities together Weaving better health in our communities is at the heart of everything we do. It’s how we help more people and places prosper. And it’s all inspired by faith, driven by innovation, and powered by humanity. More about our mission 2,200+ care sites in 24 states coast to coast 35,000+ physicians and advanced practice providers across a system of hospitals and clinics News and perspectives CEO to Co-Chair Patient Safety in the Era of AI Steering Group CommonSpirit Health’s CEO, Wright Lassiter, appointed co-chair of a National Academy of Medicine steering group to advance patient safety in the AI era. Read the article CommonSpirit Again Named a Forbes America’s Dream Employer CommonSpirit Health earns Forbes’ America’s Dream Employer 2026 honor for its strong workplace culture, employee well-being, and commitment to team excellence. Read the article CommonSpirit Hospitals Continue to Excel in Patient Safety Eighty-six percent of eligible CommonSpirit hospitals received A or B Leapfrog safety grades, compared to 58% of hospitals nationwide. Read the article Whole person care is our specialty Primary Care Treating common conditions and injuries, and wellness through regular physicals and screenings. Explore Primary Care Heart Care Specializing in comprehensive and advanced heart care treatments to help keep your heart strong. Explore Heart Care Cancer Care Offering a holistic approach to cancer care by using advanced treatments and discoveries through cancer research. Explore Cancer Care Orthopedics Providing orthopedic care tailored to your specific needs through diagnosis, treatment and rehabilitation. Explore Orthopedics Women's Health Caring for women and their unique needs through every stage of life. Explore Women's Health Urgent Care Offering prompt, walk-in treatment for non-life threatening conditions and minor injuries. Explore Urgent Care Patient stories When Joyce Mitchell went into atrial fibrillation, Dr. Arash Aryana of Mercy Medical Group was able to help. Crystal lived with a bony bump near her knee until pain led to a bone cancer diagnosis. Grammy Award Winning artist lived with PKD for years, which led to the need for a transplant. Who we are Humankindness is powerful medicine Hello humankindness Building healthy communities Learn about our physician enterprise About CommonSpirit Health Learn how we're serving our communities Notice: "Find a Doctor" is provided by CommonSpirit Health as a convenience to you. The information on each participating doctor is submitted to CommonSpirit Health by each doctor and is not independently verified by CommonSpirit Health. Each doctor is solely responsible for the completeness and accuracy of the information listed about him or her. CommonSpirit Health is not responsible for any loss or damages caused by your reliance on the doctor information contained on Find a Doctor. You should telephone the doctor's office in advance to verify the accuracy of the information. Ways to give/volunteer Philanthropy is an important way to connect those with resources to those in need. Careers Health care careers need compassion, like never before. Our mission Just 35 words, but there are profound ideas behind them. Contact us For non-emergency related questions, please contact us. For employees and providers For providers Employee resources About CommonSpirit Our story Our leaders Investor resources News Health blog Careers We're hiring! A healthier future Our impact Advancing health equity Innovative care Intellectual property and partnerships Hello humankindness Connect with us © 2025 CommonSpirit Health HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices | Legal Notices | Internet Privacy Notice | Online Accessibility Notice | Organized Health Care Arrangement (OHCA) | Patient Rights and Responsibilities | Price Transparency