Commonwealth University | Commonwealth University of Pennsylvania Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the main News & Events News Events Directory Faculty and Staff Offices and Departments Alumni Bloomsburg Alumni Lock Haven Alumni Mansfield Alumni Giving Bloomsburg Lock Haven Mansfield Athletics Bloomsburg Athletics Lock Haven Athletics Mansfield Athletics Find Info For Parents and Supporters Current Students Faculty and Staff School Counselors Working Professionals Employers Camps (Athletic & Academic) Apply Visit Request Info Open the search panel Search... Search Academics All Programs Undergraduate and First-Year Graduate Studies Online and Distance Education Workforce Development Summer and Winter College Academic Colleges Professional U Academic Calendar Eileen G. Jones Honors College Admissions Visit and Connect How to Apply Connect with a Counselor Request Information I’ve Been Admitted Early College Transfer Admissions CU Achieve New Student Orientation Cost & Aid Affordability & Value Tuition, Cost & Ways to Pay Understanding Financial Aid Scholarships Loans and Grants Student Employment Campus Life Bloomsburg Lock Haven Mansfield Clearfield About Mission, Vision, and Values President and Leadership Council of Trustees University Senate & Governance Strategic Plan Accreditation Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging History Consumer Information University Stores Contact Us News & Events News Events Directory Faculty and Staff Offices and Departments Alumni Bloomsburg Alumni Lock Haven Alumni Mansfield Alumni Giving Bloomsburg Lock Haven Mansfield Athletics Bloomsburg Athletics Lock Haven Athletics Mansfield Athletics Find Info For Parents and Supporters Current Students Faculty and Staff School Counselors Working Professionals Employers Camps (Athletic & Academic) Apply Visit Request Info Dare to be Uncommon Building on the legacies of our historic institutions, Commonwealth University empowers you to discover your passion, hone your skill, and embrace the promise of a successful future. More Opportunity Embrace the transformative power of education through our campuses located across Northern Pennsylvania. Map of Pennsylvania Explore Our Campuses Benefit from all the resources of a large, public university, and enjoy the campus life of a smaller school. Find the right fit for you across our Bloomsburg, Lock Haven, Mansfield, and Clearfield locations. Campus Life Bloomsburg Northeast Pennsylvania Large Campus Huskies In northeastern Pennsylvania, on the northern bank of the Susquehanna River and nestled amid the Susquehanna Valley, you'll find Bloomsburg. Our campus is built on a hill and rises above the only town in PA, where you have plenty of places to find a new point of view or simply see things from a different perspective. Lock Haven Central Pennsylvania Midsize Campus Bald Eagles Campus is alive, filled with the hustle and bustle of a new school year — trolleys rolling by, the bell tower faithfully marking the hour, and students in cadence between classes beginning their college journey while others are taking their final lap. There’s a vibe to The Haven that’s hard not to notice. Mansfield Northern Pennsylvania Small Campus Mountaineers Mansfield's scenic rural setting easily calls out to one’s adventurous side — fly fishing, skiing, hunting, biking, and of course camping. There’s nothing like the smell of campfire … or maybe the sound of a rolling stream … or possibly the rustle of leaves from the neighboring forest? Guess we’ll let you decide. Clearfield Central Pennsylvania Intimate Campus Bald Eagles Everyone has a story to tell ... and preparing for life and a career is part of that story. That's what we do here at Clearfield. Over the years, we have helped to shape the lives and potential of many people by delivering an exceptional educational experience in a focused learning environment. Our Programs You'll have access to more than 80 new and innovative academic programs in our Zeigler College of Business; the College of Health, Science, and Technology; and the College of Arts, Humanities, Education, and Social Sciences. Academic Programs Academic Program Type Undergraduate Graduate Workforce Development At Commonwealth University Affordability Matters When choosing the college that's right for you, it's important to consider the return on your investment. As the largest comprehensive university in north central and northeastern Pennsylvania, Commonwealth University works hard to provide a world-class education that consistently rates among the best values in the nation. While our tuition is among the lowest in the region, we offer robust merit scholarships to help make your college degree even more affordable. Tuition & Cost Scholarships News All News Stories Diehl Center leads inspiring trip to NYC for aspiring law students Bloomsburg Nov. 18, 2025 Known as the city that never sleeps, New York City became the one that never disappoints for Yazline Aponte on her recent visit to explore options for law school. The senior criminal justice major... Graduate class idea helps Hazleton Academy students learn the power of entrepreneurship Bloomsburg Nov. 24, 2025 Creativity and entrepreneurship are coming together at Hazleton Area Cyber Academy through an innovative cross-curricular project inspired by a Commonwealth University-Bloomsburg graduate business... Research on rural volunteerism and belonging earns MSW student top honors at state conference Bloomsburg Nov. 4, 2025 The concept of belonging is more than just a research topic for Matthea Mitchell — it’s the driving force behind her education, her service, and her vision for rural community engagement. Mitchell’s... Business majors discover potential and passion in latest Keystone Sales Competition Bloomsburg Nov. 4, 2025 They did more than just compete — they dominated. It was a top-three sweep for Commonwealth University–Bloomsburg at this year's Keystone Sales Challenge, a competition designed to simulate real-world... Management major experiences six functional areas of business through automotive internship Bloomsburg Oct. 27, 2025 Heading into his junior year at Commonwealth University-Bloomsburg, Mufeed Aroworowon was looking for an internship that would best showcase different career options he’ll enjoy with a business... The Commonwealth U Difference The world is rapidly changing and now is your chance to be among the pioneers of a new type of traditional campus-based higher education — an approach that’s perfectly suited for your generation. It's adaptable. It’s customizable. We’re building a more affordable, student-centered academic powerhouse where the leading programs of our legacy institutions not only remain but grow even stronger. Academics Admissions 80+ Academic Programs We offer a wide variety of bachelor’s degree programs, as well as a selection of associate and graduate degrees to match your career goals. $7,994 In-State Tuition We're committed to keeping college affordable. Commonwealth University remains one of the most affordable four-year institutions in Pennsylvania thanks to years of stable tuition and ongoing efforts to reduce student costs. 145,000+ Alumni in Your Network Unleash the career-advancing power of an alumni network more than 145,000 members strong. Uncommon Experiences Your success stands at the forefront of Commonwealth University’s mission. You’ll have more opportunity than ever before to change your life by embracing the transformative power of education through our campuses. Click to play the video Life is good Come home to The Haven Small-town charm and big energy are locked in! Lock Haven Click to play the video The Mountie Life Dream big and achieve even more Your next adventure begins here! Mansfield Click to play the video You belong here It's what you envision college should be Your onward and upward await! Bloomsburg These uncommon experiences will lead to unbelievable opportunities ... Academics Onward and Upward We believe opportunity belongs to those who are ready to work for it and unafraid to do something great with it. Wherever you're heading, your climb begins here. Apply Visit Request Info Contact Us Give Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Flickr Academics Admissions Cost & Aid Campus Life About Our Locations Bloomsburg Lock Haven Mansfield Clearfield Helpful Links Faculty & Staff Directory Offices & Departments My CommonwealthU Library HRConnect ESS and eTime Employment Opportunities CU Alert Social Media Report a Website Problem Legal Accreditation Annual Security and Fire Safety Reports Fraud, Waste & Abuse Hotline Right-To-Know Consumer Information Title IX ©2025 Commonwealth University of Pennsylvania Privacy Accessibility