Search the TechTarget Network
LOGIN REGISTER COOKIES
NEWS
IN DEPTH
BLOGS
OPINION
VIDEOS
PODCASTS
PREMIUM CONTENT
WEBINARS
POST OFFICE SCANDAL
RSS
IT Management
Industry Sectors
Technology Topics
Follow:
Top Stories

ALEX YEUNG - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Top 10 Post Office scandal stories of 2025

Here are Computer Weekly’s top 10 Post Office scandal stories of 2025

MAKSIM KABAKOU - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Top 10 cyber security stories of 2025

AI dominated all tech conversations this year, but the concerns of cyber security professionals extend far beyond. From remote work to supply chains, quantum to identity, there were plenty of other topics for the industry to chew over in 2025.

MONTRI - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Top 10 cyber crime stories of 2025

In many regards, 2025 proved to be a relatively normal year for the cyber security world as threat actors and security pros continued their long-running cat-and-mouse game, but it was also a stand-out year that saw some of the largest cyber attacks ...

TOMAS MAREK - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Middle East tech trends 2026: AI and cyber security to reign

As artificial intelligence moves from experimentation to production and cyber threats escalate, the Middle East is entering a decisive phase of digital transformation, says Omdia chief analyst Trevor Clarke

View All Stories
E-Handbooks
Is AI more than hot air?
View All E-Handbooks
Latest News

ALEX YEUNG - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Top 10 Post Office scandal stories of 2025

Here are Computer Weekly’s top 10 Post Office scandal stories of 2025

MAKSIM KABAKOU - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Top 10 cyber security stories of 2025

AI dominated all tech conversations this year, but the concerns of cyber security professionals extend far beyond. From remote work to supply chains, quantum to identity, there were plenty of other topics for the industry to chew over in 2025.

IPOPBA - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Top 10 NHS IT stories of 2025

A new digital strategy, funding boosts and struggles to keep the lights on: here are Computer Weekly’s top NHS IT stories in 2025

TOMAS MAREK - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Middle East tech trends 2026: AI and cyber security to reign

As artificial intelligence moves from experimentation to production and cyber threats escalate, the Middle East is entering a decisive phase of digital transformation, says Omdia chief analyst Trevor Clarke

HYWARDS - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Top 10 India stories of 2025

From infrastructure expansion and sovereign AI innovation to regulatory maturity, Computer Weekly recaps the key developments that kept CIOs and technology suppliers across India busy in 2025

INK DROP - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Top 10 networking stories of 2025

As enterprises become more extended, dealing with network complexity has become almost as important as network performance. The key to this is AI – but only if properly deployed. Discover more in Computer Weekly’s top 10 networking stories of 2025

Download Computer Weekly
IN THE CURRENT ISSUE:
Why we should all be worried about the AI bubble
Interview: Paul Neville, director of digital, data and technology, The Pensions Regulator
Amazon CTO on the dawn of the renaissance developer
Download Current Issue
View All The Latest News
In Depth

ALEXSKOPJE - FOTOLIA

IOWN advances next-generation network evolution and innovation

Ending a year in which it celebrated its fifth birthday, the Innovative Optical and Wireless Network project releases details of key evolutionary technological steps taken to address the networking, computing and energy consumption needs of ...

SERGEY NIVENS - FOTOLIA

Why the Middle East needs hybrid, human-led cyber security in the age of AI

Obrela’s Mark Morland says AI is accelerating detection, but regional context and human expertise remain essential as threats across the Gulf become more sophisticated and specific to sectors

SERGEY NIVENS - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

UK government’s G-Cloud 15 framework: Everything you need to know

The 15th iteration of the UK government’s flagship cloud computing procurement framework is due to go live in 2026, and looks set to be very different compared with previous versions of the purchasing agreement

View All In Depth Articles
CW+ Downloads
View All
E-Zine | December 2025
Is AI more than hot air?
Download
E-Zine | December 2025
Supporting sustainability in IT
Download
E-Zine | December 2025
How the RAC offers a shorter road to recovery
Download
E-Zine | November 2025
Hacker for hire: A different approach to hiring talent
Download
E-Zine | November 2025
CW APAC – Trend Watch: Hybrid cloud infrastructure
Download
Blogs
Warlords v Merchants: who really controls ID and Information Policy
- When IT Meets Politics

Sooner or later we will have to interface with the global market leaders, including for ID systems and the UK will be a more prosperous and secure place to live, work and do business if we do so ... Continue Reading

The politics of cyber security and identity: Warlords versus Merchants (first published 2011)
- When IT Meets Politics

The current hype in support of additional US and UK government spend on cybersecurity has prompted me to return to my "Warlords versus Merchants" theme. It is not that I do not believe that ... Continue Reading

Hud details post-deployment live production analytics
- CW Developer Network

Software application development, architectural planning procedures and deployment-time analysis (as well as post-deployment live production analytics) all need observability and insight. In short, ... Continue Reading

CraftStory developers expand & extend AI video generation services
- CW Developer Network

Companies, both small and large, are starting to adopt AI videos not only for ads, but for marketing content, comms and education. As production costs drop thanks to AI, it becomes much easier for ... Continue Reading

BLOGROLL
When IT Meets Politics
CW Developer Network
Open Source Insider
Cliff Saran's Enterprise blog
WITsend
Computer Weekly Editors Blog
Data Matters
Inspect-a-Gadget
Ahead in the Clouds
Green Tech
View All Computer Weekly Blogs
Opinion
Why AI job loss headlines miss the bigger story

Efficiency gains are just the first act in the growth of the AI economy.

ARCHY13 - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Will Quantum Computing Kill Bitcoin?

Claims that Quantum Computing will destroy Bitcoin may be exaggerated, but Bitcoin will need to adapt.  

LOOKER_STUDIO - STOCK.ADOBE.COM

Unlocking the value of multi-agent systems

Enterprises are likely to shift from single-task AI to multi-agent systems, enabling autonomous, adaptive operations, but trust and orchestration remain problematic

View All Opinion Articles
Videos
Diversity in tech 2023: Bev White, Nash Squared
Suki Fuller, most influential woman in UK tech 2023, winner’s speech
Diversity in tech 2022: Explaining employee resource groups
Diversity in tech 2022: Mehdi Mobayen-Rahni, Tyl by NatWest
Diversity in tech 2022: Kerensa Jennings, BT
Diversity in tech 2022: Joel Gujral, Myndup
View all Videos
Search thousands of tech definitions
Search for definitions
 
What is automated machine learning (AutoML)?
What is a data scientist? What do they do?
What is 5G New Radio (5G NR)?
What is multi-access edge computing? Benefits and use cases
View All Definitions
Latest TechTarget
resources
CIO
SECURITY
NETWORKING
DATA CENTER
DATA MANAGEMENT
Search CIO
Strategic IT outlook: Tech conferences and events calendar

Tech conferences are a vital way for CIOs and IT leaders to keep abreast of trends and make real-life connections in a ...

The 2026 talent reckoning: Beyond degrees and certifications

Skills, not degrees, will define IT hiring in 2026. CIOs are shifting from degree-based hiring to skills-based strategies, using ...

From CIO to CEO: Unlocking the entire C-suite

CIOs can evolve from technology leaders to enterprise strategists, taking on higher C-suite roles by building profit and loss ...

About Us
Editorial Ethics Policy
Meet The Editors
Contact Us
Our Use of Cookies
Advertisers
Business Partners
Media Kit
Corporate Site
Contributors
Reprints
Answers
E-Products
Events
In Depth
Guides
Opinions
Quizzes
Photo Stories
Tips
Tutorials
Videos
Computer Weekly Topics

©2025 TechTarget, Inc. d/b/a Informa TechTarget. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information