Home - Compass Group USA Play Video Home Our Story Leadership Mission & Vision Why Compass Group Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology & Innovation Envision Awards Our Companies Business & Industry Education Healthcare & Senior Living Sports & Leisure Facilities Services Purchasing Insights & Analytics Strategic Partners Careers Home Current Associates News Contact Us Search Join Our Team Become a Client Home Our Story Leadership Mission & Vision Why Compass Group Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology & Innovation Envision Awards Our Companies Business & Industry Education Facilities Services Healthcare & Senior Living Insights & Analytics Purchasing Sports & Leisure Strategic Partners Careers Current Associates News Contact Us Doing everything better — all the time We’re Compass Group But you might know us by a different name. If you’ve dined in college quads or hospital dining rooms, ballparks or museums, school cafeterias or corporate cafés, airport lounges or senior living communities, chances are you’ve dined with us. We’re the nation’s largest family of foodservice and facilities services companies, serving more than 14 million meals and maintaining more than 1.4 billion square feet a day – and every single one of them counts. Find the Compass Company that Fits You Bon Appetit Bon Appétit is an on-site restaurant company offering full foodservice management to corporations, universities, museums and specialty venues. Based in Palo Alto, California, Bon Appétit operates more than 1,000 cafes in 33 states for dozens of marquee clients. Learn More Canteen Canteen combines food, service, and experience, backed by industry-leading technology, to help companies create a better workplace and connect their employees. As the largest unattended retail provider in the U.S., Canteen serves clients across the country with both national and regional offerings for its markets, dining, coffee, pantry, and vending lines of business. Learn More Chartwells Higher Education Chartwells Higher Education is the recognized leader in contract foodservice management, hospitality and award-winning guest services within 280 college and university dining environments throughout academic institutions across the U.S. Chartwells’ nutritious cuisine not only satisfies the unique appetites, lifestyles and dietary needs of every guest dining on campus, but it also brings people together to promote the high-intensity relationships that will prepare students for the future. Learn More Chartwells K12 Chartwells K12 provides dining programs for schools and districts across the country and prides itself on extending its dedication, knowledge and enthusiasm into building custom programs that deliver each student delicious, great-tasting meals. With more than 16,000 associates in over 4,000 schools, ranging from large public institutions to small charter and private schools, Chartwells K12 is built on decades of food, education and operational experience driven by top culinary, nutrition, wellness and sustainability talent. Learn More Crothall Healthcare Crothall Healthcare is proud to be the premier healthcare support services provider nationwide. Crothall was founded in 1991 and today serves 1,300 healthcare clients in 46 states with a stunning 97% retention rate. Learn More Culinart Group CulinArt operates over 250 locations in 18 states, including on-site corporate, higher education, private school, healthcare and destination recreation/leisure dining facilities. Learn More Eurest Globally recognized Eurest launched in the U.S. in 1996 and provides dining services to local, regional and national companies within the Business and Industry market. These services include employee dining centers, on-site catering, vending, executive dining rooms and other managed services. Eurest is proud to serve the world’s most respected and successful corporations, including many of the Fortune 500. Learn More ESFM ESFM is the corporate facilities management (FM) division of Compass Group USA, delivering a comprehensive portfolio of self-performed solutions ranging from maintenance and energy optimization to CIMS-GB certified janitorial services. This self-performance model ensures a consistent, hospitality-driven operation that elevates the workplace experience for our clients. In 2025, ESFM earned its third International Facility Management Association Award of Excellence, receiving the FM Innovation Award for its groundbreaking AI-powered platform, ESFM x . Learn More ESS ESS North America, a division of Compass Group Canada, is the market leader in providing remote food service and related support services – from coastal logging camps in B.C to summer Cadet camps in the Yukon. Through their East Coast Catering division, the company also supports operations in seven Canadian provinces catering to the oil and gas, marine, mining and industrial construction sectors – providing accommodations for over 5,500 people, serving close to 26,000 meals every day. Learn More Flik FLIK Hospitality Group is a leading corporate dining and hospitality provider dedicated to great food, great service, and great people. We provide delicious meals with a wellness-first approach, unmatched reception services, and property management to over 1,200 locations nationwide. From respected law firms to leading hotels & conference centers, financial institutions, airport lounges, professional athletics teams, K-12 independent schools and more, our approach to hospitality is rooted in our dedication to providing quality service to each of our guests. Learn More FISD FLIK Independent School Dining is here to connect our students and communities with real food, promoting an environment of respect for each other and our planet. Founded on the principles of great food, great service, and great people, FLIK Independent School Dining provides delicious, nutritious food with made-from-scratch menus that support local and sustainable agricultural practices. Learn More Foodbuy Foodbuy is the nation’s largest purchasing company and supports Compass Group’s culinary needs with procurement services that track today’s activity and tomorrow’s opportunity. Our powerful reporting tools and supply chain management allows Compass Group to serve our clients more efficiently, which makes our clients more effective. Learn More Levy From the stadium to the head table, Levy leverages unbridled creativity, custom strategies, impeccable service and true love for great food to create unforgettable experiences. They serve millions of guests from extraordinary restaurants to special All-Star events, and stadiums, arena clubs, concessions, convention centers and racetracks worldwide. Learn More Morrison Healthcare Morrison Healthcare is a leading national food and nutrition services company that proudly serves nearly 1,000 hospitals and healthcare systems. Learn More Morrison Living Morrison Living is a hospitality-driven company built on the foundation of service and operational excellence. Actively committed to fostering ways to enjoy great-tasting, healthy food through socially responsible practices and superior customer service, the Atlanta-based company serves more than 400 senior living clients, including some of the largest and most prominent senior living communities in the United States. Learn More Unidine Founded in 2001, Unidine provides food and management services across the country for senior living facilities, hospitals, education, government and corporate environments in over 200 facilities across the United States. Unidine’s success is derived from consistent execution in three key areas: a commitment to scratch cooking with fresh, seasonal, responsibly sourced ingredients; responsive customer and client service; and a strategic approach to client partnerships. Learn More Restaurant Associates Restaurant Associates is recognized as the nation’s premier on-site dining management company. R/A delivers hospitality to guests at corporate workplaces, cultural and entertainment centers, professional schools, and catered events in metro New York City, Washington D.C., Boston and Atlanta. Learn More SSC For quality-focused educational institutions, SSC is the premium provider of support services. With over 50 years of industry experience and highly trained skilled professionals, SSC specializes in enhancing learning environments through exceptional custodial and campus services, plant operations and maintenance, and grounds management. Learn More TouchPoint TouchPoint Support Services is the industry’s first combined acute care foodservice and support services provider. By combining both food and support services under one operating umbrella, they are able to offer patients and residents a comprehensive hospitality experience creating a warm, comforting and caring environment for patients, residents, hospital employees and guests. Learn More Wolfgang Puck Catering Founded in 1998 by renowned Chef Wolfgang Puck and CEO Carl Schuster, Wolfgang Puck Catering continues to set the standard for culinary excellence, bringing the team’s legendary combination of innovative cuisine and refined services to the world’s most renowned and demanding corporate, cultural and entertainment clients. Their premium catering, corporate dining and concession services are available in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, Dallas, Chicago, Boston, Washington D.C., Philadelphia and Atlanta. Learn More We connect clients and suppliers, fostering collaboration and innovation to create a sustainable future. By bringing everyone to the table, we are driving collective action towards positive environmental and social impact. Join us in celebrating the strides we’ve made towards a more responsible future in 2024. Compass Group PLC’s 2024 Sustainability Report Explore how we're shaping a sustainable future in foodservice. Sustainability in Action: See What's New Read More in Our News Section Our Story Compass Group is redefining food and support services with more innovation and passion than ever – and we’re always asking what’s next. Read Our Story Our Guiding Principles See More of Our Awards Careers We’re always looking for the next big idea – and we believe it could come from you. We pride ourselves on hiring and empowering the most capable minds from every background and walk of life. People are the heart of our business, and this drives us to continue building a culture of inclusion, across all 50 states and in every stage of your career. Hourly Opportunities Salaried Opportunities Compass Corporate Opportunities . “Compass Group enables you to take your career in so many different directions. My Compass journey has taken me across the globe and far beyond what I imagined when I joined. No matter your goal, the amazing people you meet here will help you get there.” CLARE HUNT Chief Strategy Officer Compass Group North America “Compass Group has provided me with everything I need to be the best unit leader I can be, and my career growth was accelerated by leaders who opened doors to new opportunities – helping me to achieve my professional goals of advancing within the company.” CHAKAKHAN WATSON Unit Director SSC Services for Education “My career with Compass Group began as a dishwasher. I worked with great leaders and mentors to learn the business and grow my passion into a career. Now, as an executive chef, I aspire to help our hourly Associates see themselves in the bigger picture. ” JESUS HUARCAYA Executive Chef Restaurant Associates DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION We believe in fostering a culture where our many differences make a big difference. As one of the largest employers in the country, we recognize our important role in making a difference for our Associates, clients and the communities we serve. Learn More About DEI at Compass Group Read More in “Celebrating Our Journey” Culture & Careers Our people are our purpose and we recognize we have the power to be catalysts for change. This drives us every day to build a culture of belonging. No matter who you are, where you live or what you like to do, we have a path for you. Strategic Partnerships For more than 25 years we’ve partnered with Thompson Hospitality, the largest Black-led foodservice company in the country. This principle-driven partnership helps diverse suppliers expand their network for business growth, offers clients more inclusive experiences and provides Associates with access to a career for life. Supplier Diversity We’re making a difference by connecting diverse suppliers to a large network of clients, creating a seat at bigger tables across the country. Sustainability Compass Group is quietly changing how you eat – in ways that are better for your health and the planet. Cutting Carbon We know the food system is a leading cause of climate change – and cutting carbon emissions can have a big impact. Sourcing Locally, Sustainably Our chefs are rebuilding recipes, literally from the ground up, by sourcing from local and diverse artisans. Reducing Food Waste We educate and empower our chefs, Associates and guests with the tools they need to fight food waste. Promoting Well-Being Imagine a reality where everyone’s diet promotes both personal and planetary health. Collectively, we have the power to make that happen. Working with Partners We collaborate with industry leaders to make good on groundbreaking commitments – together. Learn How We’re Making a Difference TECHNOLOGY & INNOVATION As the industry leader, we build and deliver leading-edge digital products and technologies aimed at improving hospitality experiences – and exceeding expectations every time. Learn More Envision Creating Impact that Matters From strategic space design to eliminating food waste, our think tank team Envision is focused on creating solutions and building partnerships that drive commercial success while promoting the well-being of people and the planet. Together with innovators across Compass Group, Envision is driving growth and innovation while leading with a purposeful ambition to improve lives and the environment. Learn More Join the Compass Group Family Whether you’re a client or a colleague, we have a place for you. Let’s Get Started Compass Group Our Story Our Companies Careers Current Associates News 2400 Yorkmont Road Charlotte, NC 28217 Contact Us © 2023 Compass Group North America linkedin facebook instagram Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Privacy Request Code of Business Conduct & Other Related Policies Accessibility Statement EEO & Applicants with Disabilities Benefits Legal Information Employment Posters & Forms × Search for: Search Hit enter to search or ESC to close.