Companies House - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide cookie message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Search Search GOV.UK Search Home Organisations Companies House Companies House English Cymraeg Find company information File your company accounts File your confirmation statement Change your company details Verify your identity for Companies House Set up a company Running a company Closing a company Guidance About our services Featured 27 November 2025 — Guidance Verify your identity for Companies House Use this service to verify your identity for Companies House. Campaign Getting help with identity verification Tips to help you verify your identity. 18 November 2025 — Guidance When you need to verify your identity for Companies House When you need to verify depends on your role, and when you started that role. Service Upload a document to Companies House Use this service to file certain documents online instead of posting a paper form. Campaign Changes to UK company law Find out what’s changing for you and your company, so you can take action at the right time. 5 November 2025 — News story Companies House fees are changing from 1 February 2026 We review our fees every year to make sure they’re set at the right level and reflect the cost of delivering our services. Latest from Companies House Technical interface specifications for Companies House software 18 December 2025 Guidance Overseas companies in the UK: registration and filing obligations 18 December 2025 Guidance Directors’ identity verification for an overseas company (OS VS01) 18 December 2025 Form See all latest documents Subscriptions Get emails What we do We incorporate and dissolve limited companies. We register company information and make it available to the public. Companies House is an executive agency, sponsored by the Department for Business and Trade . Read more about what we do Follow us The following links open in a new tab Follow on Email updates (opens in new tab) Follow on Blog (opens in new tab) Follow on X (opens in new tab) Follow on YouTube (opens in new tab) Follow on Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on LinkedIn (opens in new tab) Follow on Podbean (opens in new tab) Documents Services Get information about a company File your confirmation statement (annual return) with Companies House See all services Guidance and regulation Verify your identity for Companies House 27 November 2025 Guidance Verifying your identity for Companies House 18 November 2025 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications Notice served on bogus directors as Companies House changes come into force 18 November 2025 Press release Companies House fees are changing from 1 February 2026 5 November 2025 News story See all news and communications Research and statistics Incorporated companies in the UK July to September 2025 30 October 2025 Official Statistics Companies House management information: April 2024 to March 2025 28 August 2025 Statistical data set See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act: outline transition plan for Companies House 5 August 2025 Policy paper Companies House environmental policy 20 May 2025 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases Companies House purchase ledger spend 2025 18 December 2025 Transparency data Companies House government procurement card spending 2025 18 December 2025 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Our management Andy King Chief Executive, Registrar of Companies Martin Swain Director of Intelligence and Law Enforcement Engagement Sarah Whitehead Director of Strategy, Policy and External Communications Rohan Gye Director of Digital and Technology John Hewson Director of Services Charlie Boundy Chief Data Officer Donna Hill Director of People and Places Jill Callan Director of Customer Delivery Luisa Fulci Director of Transformation and Business Change Stuart Drake Director of Portfolio, Change and Implementation John Clarke Chair of Main Board and Remuneration Committee Tim Burt Member of Main Board, Audit and Risk Assurance Committee, Non-executive Director Emir Feisal Chair of Audit and Risk Assurance Committee, Non-executive Director Carol Shutkever Member of Main Board and Remuneration Committee, Non-executive Director Chris Loake Non-executive Director Jessica Rusu Non-executive Director Contact Companies House Companies House enquiries Contact: Companies House enquiries How to contact Companies House if you need help with filing or finding information about a company. Companies House main office Companies House Crown Way Cardiff CF14 3UZ United Kingdom DX 33050 Cardiff Accessibility support Contact: Accessibility support Textphone and Relay UK (Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 6pm) 18001 then 0300 373 0995 British Sign Language (BSL) users can also call Companies House through our video relay service (Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 6pm). https://companieshouse.signvideo.net/ Welsh services Email UnedyGymraeg@companieshouse.gov.uk Contact: Welsh services Media enquiries Email press@companieshouse.gov.uk Contact: Media enquiries Press enquiries (UK) 0303 1234 500 (ask for press office) Only contact our press office if you’re a journalist with a media enquiry or interview request. Visit our media room for links to images and frequently asked questions: https://brand.companieshouse.gov.uk/mediaroom Make a Freedom of Information (FOI) request Read about the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act and how to make a request . Check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question. Make a new request by contacting us using the details below. Freedom of Information requests Email informationrights@companieshouse.gov.uk Corporate information Our organisation chart Accessible documents policy Complaints procedure Equality and diversity Media enquiries Office access and opening times Our governance Research at Companies House Statistics at Companies House Jobs and contracts Procurement at Companies House Working for Companies House Jobs Read about the types of information we routinely publish in our Publication scheme . Find out about our commitment to publishing in Welsh . Our Personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. Read our policy on Social media use . Find out About our services . Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab and requires JavaScript ) . Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright