Collaboration - digital, visual & in real time Skip to main content Quick access Company About us Career Contact Resources Blog Trainings & Events Downloads/Whitepaper Help Center DE Deutsch EN English Product Pricing Solutions Industry Enterprise Public Sector Defence Critical Infrastructure Pharma & Healthcare Education Teams Marketing Human Ressources Product Management Project Management Sales UX & Design Use Case Remote Collaboration Brainstorming Meetings & Workshops Projects & Strategy Product Development Wireframe Design Thinking Agile Management Hosting Hosting Cloud Hosting Dedicated Server On-Premises Security Security Data Security Security Measures Bug Bounty Program Log in Sign up Log in Sign up Product Pricing Solutions Industry Enterprise Public Sector Defence Critical Infrastructure Pharma & Healthcare Education Teams Marketing Human Ressources Product Management Project Management Sales UX & Design Use Case Remote Collaboration Brainstorming Meetings & Workshops Projects & Strategy Product Development Wireframe Design Thinking Agile Management Hosting Hosting Cloud Hosting Dedicated Server On-Premises Security Security Data Security Security Measures Bug Bounty Program Quick access Company About us Career Contact Resources Blog Trainings & Events Downloads/Whitepaper Help Center DE Deutsch EN English Collaboration you can trust Shape the future together: with a secure, GDPR-compliant whiteboard hosted in Germany. Conceptboard combines visual collaboration with data-driven insights for decisions you can build on. Get in touch Start free trial Sovereign collaboration platform Working together: location-independent, in real time and secure Conceptboard combines everything you need for productive collaboration. A central place for ideas, decisions and implementation. Whether you’re in the office, working from home or on the move: with Conceptboard, you have all the functions you need in one place, on a platform that meets your security requirements. Visualise workflows, strategies and concepts on an infinite whiteboard Work simultaneously with your team: live or time-delayed Secure data storage: fully GDPR-compliant, made & hosted in Germany Future-proof your team with a solution you can trust. 14M+ users around the world successfully work with Conceptboard On the road to success with visual collaboration When everything becomes more complex, collaboration becomes a key skill. Conceptboard gives your team structure, security and clarity for real collaboration that is sustainable and shapes the future. Clarity from start to finish Complex projects require clarity. Conceptboard offers you exactly that: clear processes, transparent communication and a platform that adapts to your working methods. In real time or asynchronously your team remains capable of acting at all times, no matter how many stakeholders, time zones or ideas are involved. Adapts to your workflow You don’t manage complexity with more tools, but with intelligent networking. Conceptboard works directly in the browser, without any installation and can be seamlessly connected to your existing systems such as Microsoft 365, Jira or Confluence. For a workflow that really flows. Flexible for every team Whether agile start-up, established corporation or public administration: Conceptboard grows with your requirements. With scalable functions, customisable templates and a platform that is as flexible as your everyday life. So that collaboration is not only possible, but productive. Data protection you can trust In a digitally networked world, security is not an extra, but a prerequisite for trust. Conceptboard is hosted in Germany, meets the highest data protection standards (GDPR) and uses certified data centers. So you can concentrate on what matters: working together. More about data security What inspires others could give you the competitive edge Discover how companies from a wide range of industries successfully integrate Conceptboard into their daily workflows. Our customers show just how versatile and effective Conceptboard is in practice. Get inspired and see how you, too, can benefit from our solutions. "Conceptboard has become the virtual space where we meet for collaboration. Thanks to the impulses from the individual teams, it is now the central platform for creative collaboration and efficient teamwork in our company, and it is indispensable." Handan Kartal Lead Product Owner Digital Workplace & Smart Collaboration EnBW "As a leader, I feel that leadership is about getting people working together. It's about collaboration, it's about active listening, and Conceptboard is a platform for enabling leadership to happen." Hayden Smith Transformation Leader, Global GP R&D Product Integration Siemens "After many tests of similar apps, Conceptboard is the clear winner for me. Thanks to the "infinite" screen, it enables me to present complex projects of large and small customers in a perfectly clear manner" Dominic Pfeffer Founder Heldenmacher.at "Conceptboard has become an indispensable tool for us, enabling us to work with flexibility and effectiveness in an increasingly digital world" David Trenkle Project Management | Digitisation and IT (DIGIT) City of Freiburg im Breisgau "Conceptboard makes it easy and simple to manage our packaging review process. It quickly became our favorite Marcom tool; it allowed us to collaborate with the different departments involved, and it helped improve the quality and consistency of our brand." Elianne Garay Sr. Marketing Operations Manager Corsair "The partner program offers plenty of oportunities for my creativity, experience and experimentation. In collaboration with Conceptboard team, I can design new processes and structure for my customers in an appealing way - whether in face-to-face, online or hybrid concepts." Ursula Hesselmann Based in the Allgäu, Ursula Hesselmann supports companies during change and is an expert in interpersonal relations. Hesselmann Consulting & Training "We were surprised with how quickly our teams were able to seamlessly adopt Conceptboard into their workflow. Conceptboard makes the entire collaboration process fluid, saving us time and resources so we can be as environmentally sustainable as possible." Isaac Korn Director of Innovation Perry Ellis International "With the introduction of Conceptboard, we have taken a significant step towards achieving our goals for the Ki:GO movement: participation, self-learning, and new non-hierarchical forms of work. We can advance the digitalization of administration both internally and together with the citizens of Kiel." Jesko-Alexander Zychski Deputy Chief Digital Officer City of Kiel "The partner program is a great opportunity to incorporate my experience from supporting my customers into the further development of Conceptboard. Conceptboard is the ideal program for creating teamwork online and hybrid. Trainings, workshops and project work can be implemented perfectly." Uwe Schettler Born in Kiel, he accompanies teams during change processes and is an expert for (visual) moderation of online workshops. Consultant ans Illustrator | MODERATIO Business Moderation Effective collaboration for projects of any size With Conceptboard you bring your team together. Work on your projects, ideas and strategies in an efficient, structured and creative way. Every task becomes a shared success story. Visual collaboration moves projects forward Connect ideas, information and people in one place. Use visual tools to structure content better. This helps you work more clearly, quickly and purposefully. Implementing projects successfully with Conceptboard Real-time collaboration works everywhere Work live with your team. Whether in the office or remotely. Everyone sees the same status and can react immediately. This results in quick decisions without misunderstandings. How location-independent collaboration works Product development becomes clear and fast Show progress visibly. Collect feedback in a structured way. Actively involve all departments. This makes development efficient and traceable. Efficient product development with Conceptboard Workshops also run successfully digitally Conduct interactive workshops. Create clear processes and encourage active participation. Record results immediately and use them straight away. Get more out of meetings & workshops Making creative ideas visible Use a space in which thoughts become visible. Capture creative energy, develop ideas collaboratively and turn brainstorming sessions into concrete next steps. How Conceptboard enriches your brainstorming Test the benefits of visual collaboration for yourself Bring your team together, share ideas and make real progress without a long training period. Start directly or talk to us about your individual requirements. Test it for free Arrange a demo Functions that visibly improve collaboration Use powerful tools to share ideas more clearly, speed up processes and connect teams efficiently. Learn more about the product Live cursor Track every movement in real time. See immediately where your team is working and keep track of even complex projects. Boundless workspace Think without limits. Use infinite space to develop ideas freely, structure content and create visual connections. File upload Insert content directly. Simply drag & drop files into the board and continue working seamlessly with existing materials. Templates Start faster with the right templates. Choose from professional templates and save time setting up structured meetings and clearly defined processes. Discover templates Comments and sticky notes Place feedback easily and quickly. Record your thoughts, give targeted feedback and develop ideas together directly in context. Boards access Include everyone with one click. Invite colleagues, partners or customers and share your board with a simple click. Modera­tion Guide teams through content. Control the focus and lead your team through meetings, workshops or presentations in a structured manner. Drawing tool Make thoughts visible. Outline ideas, mark important points and support understanding with visual elements. The right template for each of your use cases From brainstorming, user journey mapping, retro’s, 1:1 meetings or project planning: With our 150+ professional templates, you can work efficiently, structured and without wasting time. Find your template and get started. Retrospectives Use this template to conduct structured sprint retrospectives. Ideal for Scrum teams who want to reflect together, derive learnings and continuously improve. For real improvement instead of repetition. Test template 1:1 Meetings The structured template for 1:1 meetings creates space for open communication and focused goal pursuit: whether between managers and employees or in the project team. Test template Brainstorming Collect ideas, link thoughts and find common approaches: the brainstorming template offers you a clear structure for effective brainstorming within the team. Test template Discover more templates Working together, no matter where you are With Conceptboard, you can master digital collaboration no matter where your team is located. Whether home office, hybrid work or global projects: You work together on ideas, plans and visualizations without barriers. This keeps you productive, connected and successful at all times. Discover how Conceptboard can help you work from anywhere and how easy it is to bring everyone together. Read more about the use case Mastering your strategy and projects Bring structure and clarity to your projects: from the initial idea to the final implementation. With Conceptboard, you organize all steps centrally, visualize complex relationships and promote strategic alignment within the team. Whether sprint planning, strategy development or large transformation projects: Conceptboard supports you in making projects successful together. Discover how you can plan and implement even more effectively. Learn more about the use case Success stories at Conceptboard Success Stories Driving agility and speed: How Gothaer Insurance Group accelerated decision-making by 30% with Conceptboard Before the introduction of Conceptboard, visual collaboration within the insurance group was characterised by isolated solutions and a confusing mix of tools. Different teams used various whiteboard alternatives. A multitude of tools that made coordination difficult and cost valuable time. Read more Success Stories Sachsen-Anhalt und Conceptboard: So geht erfolgreiche Digitalisierung Gemeinsam den Digitalisierungsrückstand aufholen und die Verwaltung modernisieren – Conceptboard und das Land Sachsen-Anhalt machen vor, wie sichere Cloud-Kollaboration in der öffentlichen Verwaltung aussehen kann. Read more Success Stories Driving cultural change with Conceptboard: Digital collaboration at the County District Office Ludwigsburg The daily work routine at Ludwigsburg district office used to be characterised by tried-and-tested methods: creative workshops with flipcharts and whiteboards, structured coordination via email and careful documentation ensured clarity and reliability in many processes. This solid foundation formed… Read more Success Stories Creativity meets security – How Jung von Matt protects ideas and shapes collaboration globally with Conceptboard Germany’s most renowned creative agency, Jung von Matt relies on Conceptboard – for secure collaboration, creative freedom and efficient working worldwide.  As a creative agency with clients from security-sensitive industries such as the automotive industry, Jung von Matt had to check its entire too… Read more Success Stories Across the bank: LBBW uses Conceptboard to enable collaborative working from any location ‘Conceptboard fulfils all the requirements that are important to us,’ says Kinzel. ‘The GDPR and ISO certification, the accessibility of the tool and the proximity to the provider here in Stuttgart were also decisive factors for us.’… Read more Success Stories How the Vaillant Group Established a Platform for Efficient and Dynamic Knowledge Management with Conceptboard Instead of one-sided, manual documentation, the Vaillant Group embraced creativity, joy, and teamwork to build, store, and simultaneously develop knowledge, sharing it with other teams—all within a single tool. Read more More success stories Reliable data security for your collaboration You retain full control over your data at all times. We make sure it’s secure. As a GDPR-compliant provider with certified information security (ISO 27001, 27017 and 27018) , we guarantee maximum protection and transparency. Your data is processed and stored exclusively in German data centers so that it stays exactly where it belongs: with you. How to protect your data More about the product Stay informed! Get the latest Conceptboard news, product and feature updates, new templates, event invitations or surveys. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Email Email * By submitting this form, you agree to receive relevant Conceptboard updates via email. We will never send you spam. Read our Privacy Policy . Sign up Do you have any questions? We will be happy to help you. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. First name Last name UTM Content UTM Email * Message By clicking on „Submit“, you agree to our terms of use and our privacy policy . Submit +49 711 508880240 Mansfelder Str. 56 06108 Halle (Saale) Germany Product Product Pricing Procurement Templates Conceptboard vs Microsoft Whiteboard Conceptboard vs Miro Accessibility Service Status Product Product Pricing Procurement Templates Conceptboard vs Microsoft Whiteboard Conceptboard vs Miro Accessibility Service Status Sectors Enterprise Public Sector Defence Critical Infrastructure Pharma and Healthcare Education Sectors Enterprise Public Sector Defence Critical Infrastructure Pharma and Healthcare Education Teams Marketing HR Product Management Project Management Sales UX & Design Teams Marketing HR Product Management Project Management Sales UX & Design Use Cases Remote Collaboration Brainstorming Meetings & Workshops Projects and Strategy Product Development Wireframe Design Thinking Agile Management Use Cases Remote Collaboration Brainstorming Meetings & Workshops Projects and Strategy Product Development Wireframe Design Thinking Agile Management Security Data Security Security Measures (TOM) Security Hall of Fame Bug Bounty Program Security Data Security Security Measures (TOM) Security Hall of Fame Bug Bounty Program Hosting Cloud-Hosting Dedicated Server On-Premises Hosting Cloud-Hosting Dedicated Server On-Premises Resources Blog Trainings & Events Consultant Community Release Changelog Help Center Resources Blog Trainings & Events Consultant Community Release Changelog Help Center Company About us Career Contact Newsletter Company About us Career Contact Newsletter © 2026 Website by Friendventure Legal Imprint Privacy Policy Terms of use DPA Manage cookies