Concentrix | A Global Technology and Services Leader Skip to content Careers English 日本語 Português 한국어 Español (LATAM) Español (EU) Deutsch 简体中文 Français Türkçe Nederlands Indonesia Italiano ไทย Tiếng Việt English (GB) Search We’re Concentrix. The intelligent transformation partner. We help the world’s leading organizations to modernize technology, transform experiences, and solve their toughest business challenges About Us Concentrix Launches Agentic Operating Framework™ Press Release Featured Content Meet iX Hero: Modernizing CX with AI Learn More Say hello to your new AI assistant for employees and customers Learn More Turning AI Ambition into Enterprise-scale Impact Learn More Play Video Solution-focused. Tech-powered. Intelligence-fueled. Every day, we’re busy helping 2,000 of the world’s best brands by bringing together the power of deep human insights and advanced technology. We’re creating experiences that go beyond wow and transforming businesses to grow—today, and into the future. You could say, we conquer complexity, transform operations, and modernize technology, to shape companies that are refreshingly simple to work, interact, and transact with. Unlock Agentic AI Don’t guess your way into the future—map it before someone else does. Take the Agentic AI Maturity Assessment to pinpoint your top use cases. Assess Your Readiness Our Solutions & Services Harness our data and AI expertise to power enterprise-wide transformation and performance Strategy & Design Shape experiences, strategies, and operations through  AI-driven innovation and human-centered design. Learn More Data & Analytics Turn data into enterprise intelligence to accelerate transformation and maximize performance at scale. Learn More Enterprise Technology Engineer, modernize, and integrate AI technologies for enhanced efficiency and  next-gen experiences. Learn More Digital Operations Combine expert knowledge,  AI-powered technologies, and distinct operating models to address specific business challenges. Learn More Industry Expertise Driving impact across industries with AI-powered, data-driven solutions. Automotive Banking, Financial Services & Insurance Energy & Utilities Government & Public Sector Healthcare Media & Communications Retail & Ecommerce Technology & Consumer Electronics Travel, Transportation & Tourism Your contact center. Powered by AI. iX Hero is the agentic AI app built for contact centers—bringing the entire advisor workflow into one AI-powered workspace. Learn More Insights Research and thought leadership powering the next era of intelligent transformation. E-book Rewiring Enterprise Operations for the Future of Human + AI Collaboration Learn More Blog Does AI Have Agency? Your AI Relationship Status Is…Complicated Learn More Case Study Agentic AI Applications Close More Deals for Moving & Storage Giant Learn More Blog 95% of Enterprises Lose the Plot on Scaling Generative AI Pilots. Data Driven AI Is the Missing Piece Learn More Webinar Mastering the Intelligent Enterprise Learn More Concentrix. Powering a world that works Let's Connect Our sustainability commitment As a global business, we are responsible for enriching the lives of our game-changers, giving back to our communities, and supporting our planet’s health – and we take it very seriously. At Concentrix, we use our global reach to act as a force for good and change the world by focusing on five key impact areas. Learn More Contact Us +1-800-747-0583 Facebook X-twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin What We Do Insights Thought Leadership Case Studies Fact Sheets Services Strategy & Design Data & Analytics Enterprise Technology Digital Operations AI Products iX Hello iX Hero Industries Automotive Banking, Financial Services & Insurance Energy & Utilities Government & Public Sector Healthcare Media & Communications Retail & Ecommerce Technology & Consumer Electronics Travel, Transportation & Tourism About Us Investors Partners News Events Awards & Recognition Sustainability Locations Legal Careers © 2025 Concentrix Corporation. All Rights Reserved. LEGAL INFORMATION | SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT | PRIVACY POLICY | E-VERIFY | CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY | E-WASTE POLICY | UK CARBON REDUCTION PLAN | GDPR | Terms of Use | Modern Slavery Statement | Supply Chain Complaints | Accessibility X