What is it?
How it works?
Why us?
Pricing
API
Docs
Blog
Log in
Sign up
Book a demo
FEATURE FLAGS FOR TEAMS

ConfigCat is a feature flag service with unlimited seats, awesome support, and a reasonable price tag.

Sign up
Forever Free plan.
No credit card required.
4.7/5 rating on G2 Crowd
8.7/10 rating on TrustRadius
4.8/5 rating on Trustpilot
Trusted by teams of all shapes and sizes
Cross-platform feature flag service

Turn your features ON/OFF using ConfigCat's Dashboard even after your code is deployed.

ConfigCat lets you target user segments based on region, email, subscription or any other custom user attribute. We support % rollouts, A/B testing and variations.

ConfigCat is a hosted service for feature flag and configuration management. It lets you decouple feature releases from code deployments.

We provide open source SDKs to support easy integration with your Mobile, Desktop application, Website or any Backend system.

Sign up
   or   
Book a demo
We proudly support

Open source SDKs with getting started guides and detailed documentation to ensure easy integration of the feature flag service.

JavaScript
Angular
React
Vue.js
Bun
Deno
Node.js
.NET
Java
Go
PHP
Laravel
Python
Ruby
Android
iOS
macOS
Flutter
Kotlin Multiplatform
React Native
Chromium Extension
C++
Rust
Swift
Dart
Elixir
Unity
Unreal Engine
Cloudflare Worker
Sign up
   or   
Book a demo
Integrations

Integrations let you harness the power of feature flags in your favorite tools and services.

“
All of the product managers at Speechify use and love ConfigCat. Aside from the amazing customer support we've received over the years, ConfigCat has made it super easy for new engineers to easily configure and launch our tests. Thank you!
Kenny Lugo
Product Manager at Speechify
Previous
Next
Sign up
   or   
Book a demo
Pricing
Billed monthly
Billed annually
EUR
USD
 	Free	Pro	Smart	Enterprise	Dedicated
 	No card required	 	 	 	Hosted or On-premise
 					
 	Forever free feature flags and configs for everyone.	More environments and flags.	Unlimited resources.	Ready for custom agreements.	Private cloud managed by you or by us.
 	$ 0 / mo	$ 110 / mo	$ 325 / mo	$ 900 / mo	$ 4,500 / mo
 	
Self-service plans
	
Plans with premium support

Highlights
Uptime (SLA)	99 %	99.9 %	99.95 %	99.99 %	99.99 %

config JSON downloads
	
5 million / mo
~ 2 / sec
	
25 million / mo
~ 10 / sec
	
250 million / mo
~ 100 / sec
	
1 billion / mo
~ 400 / sec
	
6 billion + / mo
~ 2400 / sec


Network Traffic
	
20 GB / mo
	
100 GB / mo
	
1 TB / mo
	
4 TB / mo
	
24 TB/ mo

	Need help deciding? - Here is the Plan Calculator!	+ optional add-ons	+ optional add-ons	+ optional add-ons

Seats (team size)
	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited

Service connections
	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited

MAUs & Contexts
	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited

Feature Flag reads
	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited

API
					

Trees planted 🌳
	-	1	10	20	100
 	Sign Up	Buy	Buy	Buy	Contact Us
Feature Flags &
Remote Configuration	
10 Feature Flags
2 Environments
2 Products
	100 Feature Flags
3 Environments
3 Products	unlimited Feature Flags
unlimited Environments
10 Products	unlimited	unlimited
Segmentation	
2 segments
4 targeting rules / flag
4 % options / flag
	3 segments / product
8 targeting rules / flag
8 % options / flag	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited
Team Management	
1 permission group with
unlimited team members
	2 permission groups with
unlimited team members	unlimited	unlimited	unlimited
Security	2FA, SSO, SAML, User Provisioning (SCIM)
DevOps & Automation	
1 webhook
API
Tech debt tools
	3 webhooks
API
Tech debt tools	unlimited webhooks
API
Tech debt tools	unlimited webhooks
API
Tech debt tools	unlimited webhooks
API
Tech debt tools
SDKs	JavaScript, Angular, React, Node.js, .NET, Java, Go, PHP, Python, Ruby, Elixir,
Android, iOS, Dart / Flutter, Kotlin Multiplatform, C++, Rust, Unity, Unreal Engine
Integrations	Amplitude, Bitbucket, Bitrise, CircleCI, Datadog, GitHub, GitLab, Google Analytics, JetBrains, Jira, Mixpanel, monday, Slack, Terraform, Trello, Twillo Segment, VSCode, Zapier, Zoho

Audit log retention
	7 days	35 days	35 days	
2 years
	
2 years

Compliance	GDPR, ISO 27001:2022
Support	
Best effort
	
Standard
	
Standard
	
Premium SLA
	
Premium SLA

	Email, Slack community

Software escrow
	
-
	
-
	
-
	for an additional cost	for an additional cost
 	Sign Up	Buy	Buy	Buy	Contact Us

Compare all plans and limitations

Special Plans for Education

ConfigCat offers tailored plans for students and teachers, designed to enhance educational projects with feature flag services.

Book a demo
Why us?
🛡️ Secure by design
Feature flags are evaluated on the client side.
Your users' data will never leave your system.
We only store feature flag values and targeting rules.
256-bit SDK Key, that can be rotated.
ISO/IEC 27001:2022 certification
💸 Fair pricing policy
Forever free plan with complete feature set.
Plans with fixed prices.
We don't charge by the number of your users.
We don't charge by the size of your team.
🔌 Open source SDKs
Language specific step by step guide for easy integration.
Fail-safe in case of no internet connection.
Built-in in-memory cache.
Configurable cache update interval.
Inject your own cache implementation.
Easily mockable in tests.
 Join us on Slack
🚑 Awesome support
Chat or email directly our dev team.
Clear documentation.
ConfigCat Community Slack.
Feature requests are welcome.
❤️ Made for humans
A user interface that takes 10 minutes to learn.
Easy to use even for non-technical people.
Created by developers for developers with ❤️.
Sign up
   or   
Book a demo
Use Cases
Separate marketing releases from code deployments

Deploy code anytime, release features when confident.

Soft launches, Canary Releases, Phased Roll-outs

Test features on 1%, 5%, 10% of your user base first.

Rapid disaster recovery

Implement feature flags or feature toggles in your application, and automatically add emergency kill switches in the same time.

Sign up
   or   
Book a demo
User targeting, segmentation

Target users with different features based on geographic location, email domain or any custom attribute.

A/B testing crazy ideas on real users

Get instant feedback on which way to continue by A/B/n testing your theories.

Eating your own cat dog food

Maintain your product's reputation by releasing features to colleagues or early adapters first.

Feature Flag Service
A leading feature flag service that provides a friendly dashboard to manage features and several SDKs supporting all significant technologies. Just flip the visual feature toggles on the feature management dashboard to change the feature flag values, and let the SDKs distribute those changes to your applications.
Feature Management
Product managers can do canary releases, target individual users, or have random-based percentage rollouts. Dark launch new features and mitigate release relates risks by testing in production.
Public Management API
Development teams can create and update feature flags from any script or program using the API. It provides all the functionality of the dashboard but is built for programs.
Configuration Management
Supporting DevOps engineers to manage application configurations remotely via a comfortable UI. Able to store string, number, and text-type variables on top of boolean feature switches. Mandatory notes and audit log helps the remote configuration management to stay compliant.
LaunchDarkly Alternative
LaunchDarkly is a great service, but we have heard those asking for an alternative release management solution. ConfigCat offers a transparent, flat pricing structure, a simple UI, a forever free plan, plus all the security features even in the Free subscription. How does it compare to LaunchDarkly? We aim at 90% of the power with only 10% of the complexity. We aim at 90% of the power with only 10% of the complexity.
Feature Flag Best Practices
Software developers apply feature flag best practices like using their own consistent naming convention, leaving notes, keeping the feature flags' scope clear, connecting your feature flag service with your project management system (JIRA, Trello), and removing zombie (stale) feature flags.
Canary Release or Phased Rollout
Product managers can deploy experiments to a smaller number of users first. And make them available for a wider audience only when confident. It's good to roll out new features gradually and feature changes to production, test on low-risk user groups first and move slowly.
Security
Enterprise-level security features are available in all plans for site reliability engineers, including SSO, SAML, 2FA, because security shouldn't be a question of money.
A/B Testing
To do A/B tests, you have to solve two problems. First, you have to split your users into random segments. Then you have to measure the successful conversions. Percentage rules let you create random segments, and the ConfigCat SDKs help you send feature flag data into analytics tools to visualize the test results.
User Targeting and Segments
Target a particular group of your users with segments. User segments can be assigned to multiple feature flags, making them ideal for beta testing.
Free Feature Flag Service
The Free plan lets you use all features, including essential security features like SSO, multi-factor authentication, and SAML. You can use the forever-free plan to manage your features or evaluate the feature flag service in case the purchase decision takes longer.
Trunk-based Development
At the code level, using feature flags is an alternative to using feature branches. Using fewer feature branches means less merge hell and a happier developer team.
Read more...
Tech Debt
While feature flags are a great way to decouple releases from deployments, having unused flags in the source code adds to the technical debt. Engineers can use the code scanner CLI tool to eliminate tech debt and help them keep the code clean. The zombie flags report warns about flags that are likely not in use anymore.
GDPR compliant
We are in the European Union under the GDPR regulation. Your site reliability engineers can set up the service to store your data only within the EU. The EU-only option is included in all plans, even in the forever-free plan. You can always switch to the Global option that provides improved performance for your users outside of the EU as an alternative. Starting with the Dedicated plans, you can opt for other regions, including the US, Canada, UK, or Australia.
Open-Source SDKs
They are supporting every major technology with step-by-step guides for easy integration. All SDKs are on GitHub, and we are happy to receive improvement requests. The SDKs are MIT licensed to use in your application without any restrictions.
Easy to learn UI
Enables customer care and support professionals to be productive in managing feature flags on an easy-to-use browser interface. The feature management dashboard is designed to take less than 10 minutes to learn, even for non-technical people to learn basic feature flagging. Just log in, flip the feature toggles, and see the application features turned ON or OFF.
Emergency Kill Switch
Release with confidence and rollback changes if anything goes wrong. The emergency kill switch takes out the stress from the most critical point of the software delivery lifecycle, resulting in a more confident product manager, a content release manager, and a happy software engineering team.
Premium Support
Reach out directly to the developers of the ConfigCat feature flags service. Book a live demo or consult on best practices with one of us who can talk tech. ConfigCat has support SLA and uptime SLA. Even users of the Free plan can get help through either our dedicated Slack channel or via email. We offer premium support starting from the Enterprise plan with dedicated support hours each month.
SAML
SAML SSO allows your team members to sign up and log in via their company accounts using your Identity Provider (IdP).
Feature Flagging Tools
Feature flagging tools are essential to ensuring development teams can release features with speed and precision. While there are many different types of feature flag tools, the core principles remain the same.
Read more...
Feature Flag Framework Explained
A feature flag framework is a game-changing solution for software development. To release new software features with speed and accuracy, you must have access to a robust feature flagging tool that's capable of enabling and disabling isolated features at your team's command.
Read more...
React Feature Flag
Are you developing user interfaces with React? You will understand the significance of having access to tools that allow you to deploy at speed and release interactive UIs with confidence.
Read more...
Rails Feature Flag
Rails feature flags provide developers with a much-needed safety net. Rails feature flagging tools ensure your web applications and services are always in a releasable state.
Read more...
Android Feature Flag
With Android mobile development teams often releasing new versions of their applications in the space of a few weeks, things can move at breakneck speed.
Read more...
Python Feature Flag
Do you use Python to develop your backend? You will understand the significance of having access to tools that allow you to deploy at speed and release new features with confidence.
Read more...
AWS Feature Flag
AWS developers need a safety net to prevent code breakages and allow for experiments. Feature flags provide this safety net while also giving you the power to roll out changes gradually.
Read more...
Dart Feature Flag
Dart feature flags can play a pivotal role in the development process, allowing you to control when new features are released and giving you the flexibility to make changes without having to redeploy your entire app.
Read more...
Best Feature Flag Platform
A feature flag platform is a tool that enables developers to manage the rollout of new features or changes to their applications in a controlled and safe manner.
Read more...
Best Practices
By following some feature flag best practices, you can take control of your entire release process and execute swift rollouts.
Read more...
Feature Flag as a Service
Rather than navigating through different code files to find the feature flags, a feature flag as a service solution enables you to manage all of your flags in one centralized location.
Read more...
Feature Toggles
Using feature toggles, development teams can take their time to experiment with new features and get them right before pushing them out to users.
Read more...
What is Canary Testing?
You can think of canary testing as the practice of exposing a new feature to a small subset of users before eventually rolling it out to the entire user base.
Read more...
Feature Flag SaaS
Feature flags, otherwise known as feature toggles and switches, allow SaaS teams to selectively enable and disable user features and functionalities across their SaaS products.
Read more...
Feature Toggle Management
Feature toggle management enables teams to enable and disable individual features at the click of a button without a full code deployment.
Read more...
Sign up
   or   
Book a demo
“ Worth exploring with the goal of understanding how it will affect your enterprise ” - ThoughtWorks Technology Radar
Legal
Terms & Policies
Company
Public Roadmap
Team
Jobs
Know more
Referrals
Self hosted feature flag service
What is a feature flag?
The Feature Flag Service
Alternative Feature Flag Service
LaunchDarkly vs ConfigCat
Feature Flagging Tools
Customer Success Stories
ConfigCat vs ... (Competitor Comparison)
Feature Flag Framework Explained
Help & Resources
Docs
Integrations
Public Management API Docs
Feature Flag Tutorial
Service Status Monitor
Trust Center
Architectural Overview
Blog
Support & Feedback
Bug Bounty Program
News
Media Kit
Engage
Talk with our team on Slack
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
GitHub
Leave a review
Merchandise EU
Merchandise US
ISO 27001:2022
ConfigCat uses cookies to make it easier for you to use our website. Read more about our Cookie Policy. We will also collect personal information about you as described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service Agreement. By using our services you accept to the use of cookies and to the collection of your personal information.
I accept.