Your choice regarding cookies on this site

We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.

I Accept CookiesI Do Not Accept CookiesSettings
Market Insights
Solutions
Our Approach
Apps
About
Blog
App Developers

INCREASE APP RETENTION AND IMPROVE USER EXPERIENCE WITH OPENSIGNAL CONNECTIVITY ASSISTANT (OSCA)

Poor connectivity is hurting your app

Analysis shows that when connectivity is poor, app performance is likely to suffer in a number of ways.

Yet over 80% of connectivity problems can be solved by the application publisher or the user.

Download our slide deck
Introducing OSCA

OSCA for Android and iOS helps mobile app developers to understand how connectivity is affecting user experience and provides actionable steps to improve performance.

With OSCA you can:
Understand where and when poor connectivity is impacting your user experience
Analyse how poor connectivity is affecting your user journey and funnel performance
Identify the issues that are within your control to improve
Then, take actionable steps to:
Implement front-end features to inform your users that they are experiencing poor connectivity, to avoid them leaving a bad app review
Optimise your server infrastructure to deliver better performance
Optimise your app to better cope with poor connectivity or high latency
Convenient, Compliant and Compatible

<1 hour to integrate

Integration into iOS and Android apps takes under 1 hour, with a package deployable via Maven.

Integrate with MMPs

Integrate Appsflyer, Amplitude and more to identify how connectivity is affecting your UX and conversion funnel.

Help improve networks

We use anonymised derivatives of the data to inform network providers where they have weakness, to enable them to improve.

Privacy Compliant

We work diligently to comply with privacy regulations globally including GDPR and CCPA. Data is only collected with user consent. No personal or advertising IDs are collected.

Talk to us to learn more
Click to view our slide deck or request a free demonstration
Ricardo Silva
Devan McCannel
Get in touch

Our team will get back to you within 2 business days

Sign up to our newsletter to receive the latest Opensignal reports in your inbox

Subscribe
About
Leadership
Newsroom
Careers
Contact
Blog
Market Insights
All Reports
Global Insights
Solutions
Technical Teams
Sales & Marketing Teams
Regulators
Analysts
App Developers
Products
Technical Solutions (ONX)
Subscriber Acquisition Solutions
Brand Licensing
Subscriber Analytics
GeoResults
Opensignal Apps
Mobile Coverage Apps
Our Approach
Methodology Overciew
Independence Charter
Experience Charter
Analytics Charter
Data Privacy Charter

© 2025 Opensignal Limited - All rights reserved

Privacy Policy : Apps & Connectivity Assistant
Privacy Policy : Services & Web
Terms & Conditions