The Connexion - News and guides about France in English Jump to main content Search Search Subscribe Log in Hi Hi My Account Logout News French News Letters & Comment Travel Strikes Politics Magazine Explore France Food & Drink Interviews Nature Culture Practical Your Questions Property Second Homes Visas & residency cards How to's & Tips Money Health Living in France Learning French Brexit Work Moving to France Americans in France Subscribe to The Connexion See prices & plans HELP GUIDES Income Tax in France Healthcare in France Inheritance Law and Wills in France Visas and residency cards for France About Us / Legal Contact Us Advertise Useful numbers Send your story Site map Help centre Facebook Twitter © English Language Media 2025, All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms and conditions Cookie Settings Subscribe Log in Hi Hi My Account Logout French News Visas & residency cards Money Property Practical Learn French Your Questions Subscribe to The Connexion See prices & plans HELP GUIDES Income Tax in France Healthcare in France Inheritance Law and Wills in France Visas and residency cards for France News French News Letters & Comment Travel Strikes Politics Magazine Explore France Food & Drink Interviews Nature Culture Practical Your Questions Property Second Homes Visas & residency cards How to's & Tips Money Health Living in France Learning French Brexit Work Moving to France Americans in France About Us / Legal Contact Us Advertise Useful numbers Send your story Site map Help centre Facebook Twitter © English Language Media 2025, All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms and conditions Cookie Settings The Connexion - News and guides about France in English Latest news & practical updates Six good news stories from France in 2025 French minimum wage to increase in January 2026 Why is New Year's Eve known as Réveillon de la Saint-Sylvestre in France? New Year traffic: list of roads to avoid this weekend Money, taxes, pensions: What's new in France in 2026 French farmer protests: union calls for ‘mass restart’ of action Top stories UK-France trains back after long night of delays to Eurostar and Le Shuttle Power outage suspends all Eurostar and Eurotunnel travel New farmer blockade set up in south-west France, others continue Excessive speeding in France can now result in jail sentence More news TRENDING Premium Power outage suspends all Eurostar and Eurotunnel travel Premium New farmer blockade set up in south-west France, others continue Premium Health and medicine: What's new in France in 2026 Premium January 1 easyJet strike: French union calls for ‘zero take-offs’ Premium Cars and driving: What's new in France in 2026 Premium 25 Grand Frais stores to open in France as American investors prepare to purchase chain Premium Money, taxes, pensions: What's new in France in 2026 Letters Readers report high customs charges on gifts sent to France Dates 2026: Family allowance payments and other French benefits ‘It’s the place we are happiest’: why George Clooney and family become French Explained: France's ‘Grand Froid’ plan and what it does France speed cameras 2026: phones and seatbelts not detected - yet Your Questions Is there a way to check official information on French low-emission zones? practical How can I find out who the owner of a property is in France? Will we have to pay back any of the French Aspa pension top-up money we have received? Does the French 2021 forced heirship law apply to non-residents’ second homes? Are French speed limits lower when it is raining? How severe must weather be? Is insurance from a GHIC health card sufficient for visiting second home in France? What is French ‘forced heirship’ inheritance rule and does it affect me? Are there exemptions for customs duties when importing a car to France from outside the EU? Can adult children be held responsible for the debts of their parents in France? Why am I suddenly being charged withholding tax in France? See more HOW-TOS How to dispose of your Christmas tree in France in 2026 How to set up a fuse box in a French home How to arrange a green funeral in France Taxe foncière: how to ask for delay, reduction, or cancellation of French property tax Tips for keeping your home cool during heatwaves in France Tips on how to stay cool in France’s heatwave TRENDING QUESTIONS Is there a way to check official information on French low-emission zones? How can I find out who the owner of a property is in France? Will we have to pay back any of the French Aspa pension top-up money we have received? Does the French 2021 forced heirship law apply to non-residents’ second homes? Are French speed limits lower when it is raining? How severe must weather be? Property How to lower the amount you pay for insurance in France French property market: latest official statistics for 2025 Photos: our cosy and ecological home in the south of France Is ‘the good life’ still popular? What buyers of smallholdings in France look for Taxe foncière: how to ask for delay, reduction, or cancellation of French property tax See what €50,000, €150,000 and over €1m buys in Haute-Savoie Last day to benefit from free online call with a French notaire Hydroelectric conversions boost demand for historic French watermills Buyer must compensate sellers after trying to change bid for French apartment Requirement to equip French homes with programmable thermostats postponed French home energy bills to rise in 2026 Reduce temperature of French home by one degree to save money and even win gifts See more Learning French Chut! When French sounds become words French words and sayings for celebrating New Year Mince: a handy French word with several meanings The origins and meaning of tirer les marrons du feu Stendhal syndrome: has art ever driven you to distraction? When and why do we say c’est Noël avant l'heure? The origins and meaning of French expression être le ravi de la crèche When and why do we say French expression mettre la puce à l'oreille? Do you know this term - and cliché - for a French  brother-in-law? What does à tes souhaits mean and when should it be used? When and why do we say ne pas avoir la lumière à tous les étages? Cela ne vaut pas un coup de cidre is a topical expression in France See more Money Six financial checks that every expat in France should do each January France’s Christmas bonus: who receives it, and how much is it in 2025? Why your home insurance in France is likely to increase How long does it take to open a French bank account? High-income top-up tax deadline for French households is December 15 France’s key tax deadlines for December France ranks second in EU for gender equality What level of wealth is needed to be considered rich in France? French minimum wage: experts advise annual update for 2026 remain tied to inflation rate Many French bank transfers delayed for four days over Christmas Last few days remaining to modify 2025 tax declaration online in France Is it easy to switch bank accounts in France? See more Magazine Five podcasts to improve your French in 2026 Gardening in 2026: the year of being organised No crisps, no party games: the unwritten rules of French children’s birthdays Saint-Aubin-des-Châteaux: rural French village with historical and natural charm Recipe: Corsican fiadone cheesecake More amusing place names in France: from Anus and Chitry to Misery Vive le roi! All France needs for Christmas is its monarchy back Owners of French mill seek help tracing history Watch out for unregulated therapists in France Recipe: Flemish beef and beer stew This charming Breton village is known for its thrilling rallycross events French bank made me wish I had put savings under the mattress See more News French News Letters & Comment Travel Strikes Politics Magazine Explore France Food & Drink Interviews Nature Culture Practical Your Questions Property Second Homes Visas & residency cards How to's & Tips Money Health Living in France Learning French Brexit Work Moving to France Americans in France Subscribe to The Connexion See prices & plans HELP GUIDES Income Tax in France Healthcare in France Inheritance Law and Wills in France Visas and residency cards for France About Us / Legal Contact Us Advertise Useful numbers Send your story Site map Help centre Facebook Twitter © English Language Media 2025, All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms and conditions Cookie Settings