ConnectiveRx | Healthcare is a very human experience Connect Home The CRx Story Personalized Solutions Industry Smarts Careers Connect Submit an RFP Healthcare is a very human experience. We make the prescription part as pain free as possible. Watch Video Hub services and patient support End-to-end patient affordability programs Point-of-care awareness & adherence messaging We help pharmaceutical manufacturers, healthcare providers, and patients by facilitating access to needed medications—while breaking down every possible hassle. Our goal? To be the single-partner solution that helps your patients get on and stay on therapy. New Latest Article CRx Steer Industry Dialogue Across Two Major Access & Patient Support Events ConnectiveRx showcases expertise in Patient Support, AI & Access Strategies at key events, featuring thought leadership from their subject matter experts. Continue Reading ARTICLE Awareness and Adherence ROI Moment Pharma Keeps Missing: Point of Care as Revenue Protection Read More about ROI Moment Pharma Keeps Missing: Point of Care as Revenue Protection BLOG Hub Services Hub Services Case Managers: The Path to Patient Access Read More about Hub Services Case Managers: The Path to Patient Access Running on innovation + human empathy. Goal. Healthier + happier lives. Period. Creating a world where you can afford life-changing therapies. A single partner through it all. We take the pain out of the prescription process. Discover [ON DEMAND] Bracing for Impact: The Future of Hub, PAP, and Affordability Programs Under the Inflation Reduction Act Discover how to adapt and thrive in the face of the IRA's challenges—without compromising on patient support. Watch the Recording Let's talk shop. Sign up now for curated tips and insights on hub services, affordability solutions, and adherence strategies. Home The CRx Story Personalized Solutions Industry Smarts Careers Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Sustainability Security Trust Center Submit an RFP Copyright ©2025 ConnectiveRx. All rights reserved. Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Facebook Follow on Instagram Follow on Youtube +1 908-809-6100 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions California Residents Supplemental Privacy Notice Transparency in Coverage