Conrad Electronic » All parts of success Direct link Header Main menu Content Footer There is a Conrad shop in your region. You can  shop in your own language, have access to your local customer service and enjoy local transport for your purchase. Go to local shop I am a business customer I am a private customer Conrad To search for the product, enter a catchphrase, an article number, an EAN or a part number My account Log in / Register Shopping cart Our products Subscribe to the newsletter and receive a €5 voucher Subscribe to the newsletter and receive a €5 voucher Procurement Order & eProcurement All order and procurement services Services All Services Offers % Our products My account shopping list Log out Conrad Top Categories You might like this Recommendation Your recently viewed items Conrad - Your strong partner! With small-scale photovoltaic systems, tenants can also generate their own clean electricity on their balconies and make themselves a little more independent of the electricity price. Learn more Project Business Provides solutions tailored to the individual needs and requirements of your projects. Discover now On our sourcing platform, we offer you the entire spectrum of necessary technology for your entry into the world of mobile and flexible working. Discover now Start your construction project with the latest technology The right equipment and the right tools make all the difference, especially in construction projects Discover now There are many ways to save electricity without sacrificing comfort. We have the right technology offers to help you save energy now. Discover now Would you like to renovate? We have the tools We support you with your renovation and supply you with a wide range of products from tools to installation materials. Discover now Most popular technology topics Rechargeable battery technologies Cobots BBC micro:bit Calculate cable cross-section Crimping instructions Weather stations Wildlife Cameras HomeMatic IP Multimeters Shelly Smart Home Raspberry Pi 5 B Apple Watch 9 GPS Tracker VOLTCRAFT Multimeter Polycrystalline Solar Panels Samsung Galaxy S24 Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra FRITZ!Fon Robotic Vacs HDMI cables conrad.com - the onlineshop for technology & electronics Conrad Sourcing Platform On our sourcing platform you will find everything you need 24 hours a day. The convenient one-stop-shopping solution gives you access to the largest technical assortment in Europe. News & Inspiration Would you like to learn more about technical topics, new products or are you looking for depth on a particular topic? Be inspired by our articles. Download Center In the download centre you'll find all the information you need about Conrad products, such as manuals, parts lists, certificates, circuit diagrams and much more. Secure Payment Trusted Shop Global Shipping 2 Years Warranty 30 Days Money Back Guarantee Helpdesk Helpdesk Go to FAQ Ordering Global Shipping Payment Return & Warranty Affiliate Conrad Conrad About Conrad Your Sourcing Platform Company Sustainability Quality Vulnerability Disclosure Program Our Services Our Services All Services eProcurement Procurement Service Download Center Guides Experience Conrad Experience Conrad All our Brands All our Categories Holdings More Contacts Cookie settings Newsletter Please enter a valid email address! Register Payment methods Social Media Contact Contact form b2b@conrad.com Contact Contact form sales@conrad.com Commercial shop: Display of net prices excl. VAT and shipping costs All prices include VAT and plus shipping. Terms & Conditions Imprint Privacy Policy Product comparison shopping list Back to top