Consensys - Building the Era of Decentralized Finance Products Ecosystem Company Blog Explore products Products Ecosystem Company Blog Building the Era of Decentralized Finance Explore our products Learn about Trustware Consensys is leading the transition to Decentralized Finance. We connect people and markets through distributed, open-source blockchains. Scroll to explore Ethereum is Trustware. The transition from analog to digital trust is underway. Learn how Ethereum powers the core trust infrastructure for the world. (opens in new tab) INFRASTRUCTURE FOR A NEW GLOBAL ECONOMY Our financial system is ready for its broadband moment: we build the software and infrastructure to enable it. Get the Trustware report The internet revolutionized communication, yet every year trillions in value still flows through legacy centralized systems that take 2–5 days to settle. Consensys is rebuilding the financial stack from consumer wallets, to institutional settlement, to the global infrastructure layer for digital value. We call this stack trustware . The Decentralized Finance Stack See all products Our products offer a powerful end-to-end foundation for the next generation of financial applications built for the new Decentralized Economy. MetaMask The world's leading self-custodial wallet with over 100 million users annually. MetaMask is the gateway to decentralized finance, giving people direct control of their assets and digital identity. Available as a browser extension and mobile app. Download MetaMask (opens in new tab) Users M Connected Dapps k Linea Linea is the foundational protocol technology powering decentralized finance. An institutional-grade zkEVM layer 2 built with full Ethereum equivalence, pioneering ETH burn mechanics, and an ecosystem fund managed by network stewards. Explore Linea (opens in new tab) Cheaper vs L1 Ethereum X Unique Wallets M MetaMask Developer Powerful tools for builders creating the next generation of financial applications. Connect your app to MetaMask with our SDK, test new features in Flask, and extend core functionality with Snaps. Explore Developer Products (opens in new tab) Users M Dapps k+ Infura Enterprise-grade blockchain infrastructure trusted by developers worldwide. Infura provides robust, reliable access to Ethereum and other networks, enabling teams to build and scale Decentralized Finance applications with confidence. Build with Infura (opens in new tab) Requests Served Per Year T Number of Developers k Protocol and Infrastructure Consensys Staking Secure, reliable staking infrastructure for institutions. Teku A full Ethereum client built for institutional staking requirements. Besu An open source Ethereum client for public and private network deployments. (opens in new tab) Building Ethereum The Protocol for Decentralized Finance Explore Ethereum upgrades From Block 0 through The Merge and on to Wall Street, Consensys has been instrumental in Ethereum's evolution into the world's premier Decentralized Finance infrastructure. Ethereum is a distributed blockchain compute platform powering the migration to Decentralized Finance by enabling instant settlement, transparent transactions, and programmable financial services. Explore how Consensys contributes to Ethereum's ongoing development and the protocol upgrades enabling the future of finance. Learn More PECTRA The Pectra upgrade to the execution and consensus layers introduced Smart Accounts and other powerful features Learn More Dencun The Dencun Upgrade introduced proto-danksharding and blobs, making L2s vastly more efficient Learn More The Merge Changing to proof-of-stake, the Merge reduced Ethereum's energy use by 99.95% ensuring sustainable, scalable support for the onchain future FIRST MOVER Consensys was founded by Ethereum's co-creator with a vision to build technology that makes finance more open, accessible, and equitable for everyone. About Consensys Let's Build the New Economy Explore products Latest from Consensys The pulse of decentralized finance News, insights, product updates, and more—straight from our teams at the heart of the Ethereum ecosystem. View all posts Newsletter Follow our journey Consensys MetaMask MetaMask Developers Email address Subscribe Consensys may use the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. By clicking “subscribe” above you consent to receive such communications. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Policy . Nickname Products Company Blog Home Products For everyone MetaMask (opens in new tab) For developers MetaMask Developer (opens in new tab) Linea (opens in new tab) Infura (opens in new tab) Diligence (opens in new tab) For the ecosystem Consensys Staking Ecosystem The Industrialization of Trust: The ETH Investment Case Report Our Research Ethereum Upgrade Regulatory Updates Web3 Workforce Survey Future of Work Crypto Perception Survey 2024 Company About Press Careers Security Contact Social Twitter (opens in new tab) Youtube (opens in new tab) Discord (opens in new tab) Instagram (opens in new tab) LinkedIn (opens in new tab) Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Sitemap Manage Cookies