Consentmo: Leading the Way in Shopify GDPR Compliance | Consentmo.com Features Pricing Compliance GDPR (EU) CCPA (California) CPA (Colorado) CTDPA (Connecticut) UCPA (Utah) VCDPA (Virginia) IACDPA (Iowa) DPDPA (Delaware) NHDPL (New Hampshire) APPI (Japan) APA (Australia) NZPA (New Zealand) LGPD (Brazil) PIPEDA (Canada) PDPA (Thailand) POPIA (South Africa) Resources Blog Insights, tips, and updates on all things compliance. eBooks E-commerce and compliance guides & hints. Knowledge Base The go-to resource for information and support. Contact Write us a note and we will answer ASAP. Partners Start for free View demo Start for FREE View demo All-in-one compliance solution Built for Shopify Discover what data your Shopify store collects for FREE Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. APPI APA NZPA GDPR PIPEDA US LAWS LGPD POPIA Compliance made easy Cookie Banner Simple and efficient, the Cookie banner is the first thing a customer interacts with when landing on your store. Cookie Preferences Give visitors control over which cookies they accept from the Preferences popup (accessible from the Cookie banner or Widget). Compliance pages Automatically generated GDPR/US Laws/APPI/PIPEDA compliance pages with multiple Data subject request options. Customizable banner design Customize your Cookie banner to match your storefront with extended design options available. Cookie scanner See all the cookies that are present on your store when a customer visits for the first time. Translations Select your preferred language from 27 supported languages, or manually translate and select your text. Offer a tailored consent experience that reflects your brand’s image Empower your customers with Consentmo's fully customizable Cookie bar and Preferences popup. Enhance transparency and control by displaying them when visitors land on your store, allowing them to personalize their cookie preferences to align with their privacy choices. Empower visitors with full control over their privacy Deliver comprehensive information to your visitors by providing detailed information about the cookie groups and specific cookies they are accepting or choosing to partially/fully reject. Provide visitors with a responsive and user-friendly banner The Cookie banner is thoughtfully optimized for seamless compatibility across a wide range of devices, including tablets and mobile screens. Enjoy a consistent experience on any device with Consentmo's responsive design. Dive into our case studies to see how businesses like yours are mastering compliance with ease Read more Read more Consentmo in numbers 90K Happy Merchants 5 Years on the market 1K+ Glowing reviews 70M+ Monthly user consents 3M+ Consents/day Trusted by reputable Shopify merchants Don’t just take our word for it. Let the reviews speak for themselves! This app is a must-have for website compliance. Their customer service is exceptional, always providing quick responses and top-notch support. Their clear communication sets them apart and makes them the best in their field. For all your privacy needs, Consentmo is the way to go! ‍ I highly recommend! Sturgianni Absolutely thrilled with Consentmo GDPR Compliance! The team was incredibly helpful and answered all my questions with clarity. They were supportive throughout the implementation process and made everything run smoothly. Highly recommend their service for anyone looking to ensure GDPR compliance effortlessly! Super! Fuchsmarkt Had an issue caused by another app not by Consentmo and customer support of Consentmo was able to resolve the issue in mere seconds. I was pleasantly surprised and our problem was completely resolved. ‍ Recommend! Caera Setting it up is easy as anything. They even have a chat option where I spoke to a real person who helped me to check that I was consent v2 compliant and good to go. ‍ Amazing service! Mza Honestly, by far the best GDPR Compliance app ever... Customer Support will be here to help you to get compliant with the Google Consent Mode v2. Recommended! ‍ Recommended! Hyllux Consentmo has been a great solution for us, keeping pace with the ever-changing world of privacy regulations. Navigating GDPR and Google's consent expectations can be complex, but Consentmo has simplified the process. Setting it up is a breeze, and the first-rate customer service ensures any minor issues are quickly resolved. ‍ Highly recommended! DirDirect I highly recommend this GDPR compliance application for any Shopify store owner looking to safeguard their customers' data and adhere to legal requirements. Thanks to the support team for their exceptional service and commitment to helping businesses thrive in a compliant manner. ‍ Exceptional service! TrendyZ I am incredibly grateful for the invaluable assistance in resolving a critical issue with the cookie bar for my website. Their expertise and dedication were evident throughout the process, as they swiftly identified the problem and implemented effective solutions. I highly recommend! Recommend! Crème et Noisette Read more on Shopify Is your Shopify store compliant? Scan for free and take the next step towards compliance. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. News and Updates Reflecting on 2025: How Consentmo Turned Compliance Into a System 2025 was the year compliance became simpler. Discover how Consentmo replaced guesswork with automation, clarity, and confidence for Shopify stores. Elena Tsatcheva Dec 22, 2025 • 15 mins Bot Traffic Is Affecting Shopify Metrics After BFCM — Here’s Why and How To Prevent It Discover how bot traffic distorts Shopify data after BFCM—and how consent-layer bot detection helps protect analytics and conversions. Mariya Petrova Dec 16, 2025 • 7 mins Introducing Smart Geotargeting for Shopify: Show the Right Consent Banner in Every Country Configure regional consent rules and geotargeting for your cookie banner. Manage compliance with GDPR, CCPA, and local laws by defining consent preferences for regions like Europe, USA, Global. Elena Tsatcheva Dec 8, 2025 • 8 mins Read more Join the masses in relying on Consentmo for top-notch privacy protection View demo Start for FREE Subscribe to get our monthly newsletter By clicking Subscribe, you agree to our Privacy Policy and marketing emails. Unsubscribe anytime from the link in our emails. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Get Started Features Pricing Regulations GDPR (EU) CCPA (California) US State Laws (All) PIPEDA (Canada) LGPD (Brazil) APPI (Japan) PDPA (Thailand) POPIA (South Africa) APA (Australia) NZPA (New Zealand) Resources Blog eBooks Knowledge Base Cookie Scanner Native Mobile Banner Comparison Consentmo vs. Shopify Consentmo vs. Pandectes Consentmo vs. Avada Compliance Web Accessibility Google Consent Mode v2 Microsoft Consent Mode Google CMP & IAB TCF Global Privacy Control Shopify Customer Privacy Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Support Policy Company About us FAQs Coming soon! Contact © 2025 Consentmo. All Rights Reserved. The information on the Consentmo website, platform, or services, as well as any part thereof, does not constitute actual legal or regulatory advice, opinion, or recommendation. Consentmo is committed to providing tools to aid in compliance but is not a law firm. For legal advice, users should consult with a qualified attorney. Subscribe to get our monthly newsletter By clicking Subscribe, you agree to our Privacy Policy and marketing emails. Unsubscribe anytime from the link in our emails. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Get Started Features Pricing Black Friday Offer⚡ Regulations GDPR (EU) CCPA (California) US State Laws (All) LGPD (Brazil) PIPEDA (Canada) APPI (Japan) PDPA (Thailand) POPIA (South Africa) APA (Australia) NZPA (New Zealand) Resources Blog eBooks Knowledge base Cookie Scanner Adaptive Mobile Experience Comparison Consentmo vs. Shopify Consentmo vs. Pandectes Consentmo vs. Avada Compliance Google Consent Mode v2 Microsoft Consent Mode Google CMP & IAB TCF Global Privacy Control Shopify Customer Privacy Company About us FAQs Coming soon! Contact Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Support Policy © 2025 Consentmo. All Rights Reserved. The information on the Consentmo website, platform, or services, as well as any part thereof, does not constitute actual legal or regulatory advice, opinion, or recommendation. Consentmo is committed to providing tools to aid in compliance but is not a law firm. For legal advice, users should consult with a qualified attorney.