Skip to content
If you're a current customer and have questions, click here.
Solutions
Learn
Support
Login
SPEAK TO SALES
Fast, Secure, and Reliable DNS

Ensure 100% uptime with enterprise-grade multi-CDN management. Optimize performance, prevent outages, and intelligently route traffic for seamless, low-latency content delivery.

BOOK DEMO

Looking for a Multi-CDN Solution? Chat With one of our  DNS Experts. Need more details about a Multi-CDN Solution, click here.

DigiCert Constellix DNS for an Enhanced Internet Experience

Prevent outages and puts the power of performance, speed and scalability in your hands.

Top-tier response times 
100% uptime and outage elimination 
Enhanced speeds and smart traffic routing 
Protection against external threats and attacks 
Superior security and automated network monitoring 
Single point of failure prevention with secondary DNS 
Third-party integrations 
Scalable, transparent pricing 
White-glove support and migration
Speed- and status-based decisions
Automated migration
Advanced permissions
Real-time alerts
ANAME/CNAME
Enterprise monitoring
Advanced GeoDNS
Multi-CDN solution
Weighted round robin
 
 
Discover the Benefits of DigiCert Constellix

Whether you’re looking for a primary, secondary, or dual primary managed DNS solution, we can meet your needs with customizable packages – utilizing two fully redundant networks that can work together to deliver DNS services seamlessly. Our services come with built-in security protections and provide highly reliable.

REQUEST A DEMO
Prevent Outages

Constellix’s geo-redundant, purpose-built network leads the industry in continuous uptime. Use Constellix DNS for primary or secondary DNS, leveraging DNS failover to prevent outages.

 
Increase Performance

Constellix maintains top-tier DNS query speeds in all major markets. Use Constellix DNS proprietary traffic management features to route traffic to the best possible source.

 
Automate DNS Management

Constellix’s full-featured RESTful API and off-the-shelf integrations make it easy to programmatically manage DNS infrastructure and enable multi-cloud, multi-CDN and DevOps.

 
Manage Traffic

Constellix’s advanced traffic steering allows you to optimize user experiences. Automate route traffic by incorporating real-user metrics, system monitoring and predictive analytics.

 
Stay Secure

An advanced DNS security solution that includes built-in malicious traffic filtering and enterprise security features like granular user access controls, SSO/MFA, and more.

Get Insights

Real-time logging powers multiple AI and machine-learning models that provide real-time anomaly detection, alerting you to suspicious traffic and helping to prevent outages for secure DNS that never fails.

Leading Global DNS Network Infrastructure
POINTS OF PRESENCE
0
MONITORING NODES
OVER
0
Join the Thousands of Organizations Who Trust DigiCert Constellix
Your Partner in DNS Service Delivery

Get the dedicated support your enterprise deserves with Platinum Support.​

Dedicated account representative
Live phone support during business hours
Optional upgrade to 24/7/365 after-hours access
Live chat and video support
White-glove migration support with automated migration option
Quarterly account status review
Private webinar and learning labs
Roadmap feature requests
Interested in learning more?
Discover UltraDNS
GET THE SOLUTION SHEET
UltraDNS
VIEW THE FAQS
Weekly Updates on the Cyber Threat Landscape
VIEW THE REPORTS
VIEW ALL RESOURCES CONTENT

Constellix

2201 Cooperative Way Suite 350
Herndon, VA 20171
+1 703.880.2007
 
 
FOLLOW CONSTELLIX
Facebook
 
Linkedin
 
X-twitter

Solutions

Managed DNS
Authoritative DNS
Top Level DNS
Protective DNS
DDoS Protection
Web Application and API Security
Web Application Firewall
API Security
Bot Management

Support

Web Support
Integrations
Knowledge Base
Contact Us
DNS Status
FAQ
Policies

Login

User Management
DNS
Sonar
Analytics
Billing

© 2025 DigiCert, Inc. All rights reserved.     Privacy Policy   |   Legal  |   Do Not Sell My Personal Info