Construction News and Trends | Construction Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's construction industry news Let Construction Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F Tech Weekly Every Wednesday Infrastructure Weekly Every Tuesday By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Commercial Corporate News Economy Infrastructure Labor Safety Tech Sustainability Legal/Regs Courtesy of Los Angeles World Airports Construction starts tumble 20.5% amid megaproject pullback Only two projects over $1 billion broke ground in November, according to Dodge Construction Network, but second half momentum was still robust. Read more ➔ Top stories Holiday lights bring seasonal cheer to the construction world Trump administration halts all large-scale offshore wind projects under construction in US Jacobs starts $10B Louisiana data center Top construction legal news of 2025 House passes bill that could fast-track AI infrastructure projects The Latest Matthew Thibault/Construction Dive 2026’s top construction conferences It’s time to plan for the year to come. Construction Dive has you covered with a full list of the industry conferences and expos on tap for 2026. Commercial Building Getty Images Top construction-related podcasts The AEC industry boasts a vast offering of informative, on-demand programs. Here are some to add to your playlist. Updated June 3, 2025 Commercial Building Courtesy of Vantage Data Centers $15B Stargate data center breaks ground in Wisconsin Crews officially began the first phase of construction on the Oracle, OpenAI and Vantage Data Centers facility and expect to complete the project, dubbed Lighthouse, in 2028. Commercial Building Jordan Vonderhaar via Getty Images AIS wins $2B in border infrastructure contracts The Tennessee-based builder will perform work in California, Arizona and Texas for the Department of Homeland Security and Customs and Border Protection. Infrastructure " File:Tel Aviv Aerial 02.jpg " by Ynhockey is licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0 Tutor Perini sub wins $900M USACE job in Israel The $900 million contract from the Corps’ Middle East District will leverage Perini Management Services for design-bid-build work, primarily for the Israeli Ministry of Defense. Infrastructure Getty Images Minneapolis Fed survey: Nonresidential builders face tighter pipelines, rising costs “Uncertainty isn’t going away quickly,” an official said, but data centers and healthcare projects are providing a lifeline. Commercial Building Getty Images Opinion Project decisions, not personal productivity, should be AI’s focus While getting emails out faster or summarizing meetings is useful, the true game changer from the technology comes down to presenting choices for leaders to make, write two consultants. Commercial Building Retrieved from Bally's Corporation on December 18, 2025 3 hotel casinos approved for New York City The winning bids went to the Hard Rock, Genting Group’s Resorts World and Bally’s and will see resorts and complexes come to Queens and the Bronx. Commercial Building Getty Images Construction disputes in the Americas more about scope than time, money Consultancy HKA’s 2025 CRUX report found the region is doing better compared to its global counterparts when it comes to claims arising from schedule and budget. Commercial Building Andrew Harnik/Getty Images via Getty Images White House ballroom fight shifts focus to contractor risk As the cost on the controversial project rises to $400 million and a judge allows it to proceed, attorneys say contracts will determine the amount of peril builders face. Legal/Regulation Spencer Platt/Getty Images via Getty Images Construction backlog slips as smaller contractors feel the squeeze Builders’ pipelines now sit at their lowest level since February 2024, according to Associated Builders and Contractors. Economy Ron Jenkins via Getty Images As EPA moves to fast-track data centers, some cities are moving to slow them down The EPA is streamlining Clean Air Act permitting to accelerate development. Will local communities pay the price? Commercial Building Permission granted by Mark Lee Deadline extended for Construction Dive’s Holiday Lights contest Enter your brightest jobsite photos by Dec. 18 for a chance to be featured in our roundup of festive cheer across the construction industry. Updated Dec. 15, 2025 Commercial Building Getty Images The top construction technology news of 2025 Artificial intelligence, data centers, technology adoption and alternative building materials ruled conversations in 2025. Commercial Building Courtesy of FlatironDragados Lane, SPC complete $232M Bronx bridge replacement The firms formed a joint venture to replace an aging bascule bridge over Westchester Creek. Infrastructure Eric Lee via Getty Images Lawsuit seeks to stop White House ballroom construction The Trump administration has done none of the statutorily required reviews, so work must stop until the legal requirements are met, the National Trust for Historic Preservation says. Legal/Regulation " File:Benjamin Franklin Bridge at Sunset.jpg " by Abhiram Juvvadi is licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0 Skanska Koch taps new general manager Michael Donohue will take over for company veteran Bill Matre, who joined the firm in 1982, the same year the Karl Koch Steel Erecting was acquired by Skanska. Infrastructure Justin Sullivan via Getty Images Construction adds 28,000 jobs in November Hiring gains in nonresidential construction improved as other parts of the labor market lost momentum. Economy Courtesy of Riverside County Transportation Commission Granite embarks on $24M Southern California rail project The Watsonville, California-based contractor will upgrade Metrolink’s Perris South end-of-the-line station in Riverside County to support dual train service. Infrastructure Courtesy of California Water Boards Why builders are focused on water infrastructure Public and private contractors alike are nabbing water projects as interest in the sector grows. Infrastructure Courtesy of Serge Ferrari Group Tropicana Field repairs hurricane-damaged roof with fiberglass panels The new roof on the Tampa Bay Rays’ home stadium had to integrate into the existing structure while meeting wind and safety requirements, a contractor says. Commercial Building George Frey via Getty Images Foxconn and Anthro Energy among latest companies to invest in US facilities Beverage maker Swire Coca-Cola and tractor firm Bad Boy Mowers are also investing in manufacturing facilities to expand domestic production. Commercial Building Getty Images Skender taps executives for new C-suite roles The promotions bookend a year of major leadership changes for the Chicago contractor, including the appointment of a new CEO in January. Corporate News Courtesy of Mikhail Glabets Cement producer pauses factory construction after funding pullback Sublime Systems, a Somerville, Massachusetts-based low-carbon cement manufacturer, also laid off staff due to the cancellation of an $87 million government grant. Commercial Building Getty Images In latest real estate move, Trump appears to be readying demolition of 4 historic D.C. buildings Critics say he’s deep into the contracting process, outside of statutory channels, to tear down “brutalist” buildings that define post-World War II-era architecture. Legal/Regulation More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Construction Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Tech Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Infrastructure Weekly Every Tuesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Jacobs starts $10B Louisiana data center Construction starts tumble 20.5% amid megaproject pullback White House ballroom fight shifts focus to contractor risk AIS wins $2B in border infrastructure contracts Library resources Playbook How to Make Your Tech Stack Work for You Custom content for GCPay Playbook Mitigate & Respond: How to Protect and Restore Infrastructure Custom content for GeoStabilization International Infographic Stop these 7 pain points with a connected approach Custom content for Origami Risk View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release What We're Reading USA Today Chiefs announce stadium move from Missouri to Kansas CNBC Data center deals hit record $61 billion in 2025 amid construction frenzy KSAT TxDOT begins construction on multi-year US Highway 90 expansion project View all Events View all | Promote an event Industry Intel Cloud-Based Estimating Starts Here: Meet Autodesk Estimate Webinar - on demand • Provided by Autodesk Construction Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Tech Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Infrastructure Weekly Every Tuesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Promote an event Related Publications Multifamily Dive Industry Dive is an Informa TechTarget business. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy . Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget, part of a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. All copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. TechTarget, Inc.'s registered office is 275 Grove St. Newton, MA 02466. Search Home Topics Commercial Corporate News Economy Infrastructure Labor Safety Tech Sustainability Legal/Regs Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get Construction Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Tech Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Infrastructure Weekly Every Tuesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.