Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Español 中文 Tiếng Việt 한국어 Tagalog Pусский العربية Kreyòl Ayisyen (855) 411-2372
 Search
Consumer Education
	
Rules & Policy
	
Enforcement
	
Compliance
	
Data & Research
	
News
Submit a complaint about a financial product or service

Each week we send more than 100,000 complaints about financial products and services to companies for response. If another agency would be better able to assist, we'll send it to them and let you know.

Most companies respond within 15 days.

See how the complaint process works

Watch this short video to find out what to include in your complaint and what will happen after you submit.

Close

Find answers before you start a complaint

Which products and services can I complain about?
What steps can I take before submitting a complaint?
What’s most important for me to include in a complaint?
How does the CFPB share my complaint data?
What happens after I submit a complaint?
Can I delete my personal information after submitting a complaint?
What should I do if I think I've been a victim of a scam?
Ready to begin?

Submitting online usually takes less than 10 minutes. Include everything you need to because you generally can’t submit a second complaint about the same problem.

Start a new complaint




Learn more about how we share your complaint data
If you've already submitted a complaint, you can check the status of your complaint.
Witness a violation while working for a company?

You can report a tip to us, through a separate process if you are a current or former employee of a company that has violated federal consumer financial laws or if you are an industry insider who knows about such a company.

Alert us of a potential violation

Page last modified Oct. 15, 2025 @ 02:03 PM EDT

View older versions of this page at our public archive. 

HAVE A QUESTION? ¿PREGUNTAS?

If you can't submit online (7–10 minutes), you can submit over the phone (25–30 minutes). More than 180 languages are available.

Call: (855) 411-2372
TTY/TDD: (855) 729-2372

8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Friday (except federal holidays). 

HOW WE SHARE COMPLAINTS

Consistent with applicable law, we securely share complaints with other state and federal agencies to, among other things, facilitate:

supervision activities,
enforcement activities, and
monitor the market for consumer financial products and services.

We also publish complaint data (without information that directly identifies you) in our Consumer Complaint Database.

Learn more about how we share your complaint data
About Us Contact Us Careers Events Industry Whistleblowers CFPB Ombudsman
FOIA
Privacy
Website Privacy Policy & Legal Notices
Data
Open Government
Information Quality Guidelines
 
Office of Minority and Women Inclusion
Administrative Adjudication
Plain Writing
Accessibility
Office of Civil Rights
No FEAR Act & Cummings Act
Tribal
 
USA.gov 
Office of Inspector General 
Public Archive 
An official website of the United States government