Finding and Winning Projects | Simplify Bidding and Estimating | ConstructConnect 1-877-761-4347 Contact Us Contactez Nous Contacto English Español Français Find Projects Pricing Solutions By Business Type Subcontractor Building Product Manufacturer General Contractor Supplier & Distributor Service Provider Hospitality By Product Project Intelligence Intelligent Leads On-Screen Takeoff Quick Bid PlanSwift QuoteSoft Bid Management SmartBid iSqFt for General Contractors By Platform ConstructConnect Platform Insight for Manufacturers Need jobs to bid on? Find Projects Now Project Intelligence Pro Market Pricing $199/mo Find and track relevant projects and contacts that match your business' needs. Get Started Resources Explore Construction News Blog Resource Hub eBooks & Whitepapers Economic Insights Webinars Customer Stories Education & Support Help & Knowledge Base Training Partners Hub Company About Our Story Press Releases Executive Team Culture Connect Careers Events Contact Us English Español Français Try it Today Log In If You're Not Using Better Data, Someone Else Is Manufacturer Insights Takeoff & Estimating Project Data & Leads Find the right projects, nail your takeoffs, and compete with confidence using the industry’s most trusted construction data and AI technology. Get Pricing Connecting you with the right projects, people, and tools. ConstructConnect provides data and software to help contractors and manufacturers find, bid, and win the right construction jobs. Get Started Trusted by over 100K+ Commercial Construction Professionals Designed for Your Business Needs Subcontractors Building Product Manufacturers General Contractors Spend less time searching and get matched with the right projects for your busines s With ConstructConnect subcontractors can grow their business by finding the right commercial construction projects, staying organized with real-time bid updates, and connecting with key decision-makers like General Contractors, Architects, and Owners. Whether you're looking to win more work or simplify your bidding process, ConstructConnect gives subcontractors the competitive edge they need to succeed. Learn More Increase Your Product Specification Rate ConstructConnect helps Building Product Manufacturers get their products specified, find more leads, and stay ahead of the competition by connecting you with the right people at the right time. Our powerful search tools and real-time project alerts keep you informed on opportunities from initial design to contract award, so you never miss a chance to sell. Backed by industry-leading market insights and specification tracking, ConstructConnect Insight gives you the data and connections to drive sales, grow your business, and outperform the competition. Learn More Centralize Your Bid Management ConstructConnect gives General Contractors the tools they need to find, manage, and win more commercial construction projects with ease. You can access the largest and most accurate database of public and private projects to keep your pipeline full, and take control of your bidding process with SmartBid and iSqFt. Expand your reach by connecting with a trusted network of qualified subcontractors while streamlining your takeoffs with powerful digital solutions. Learn More WHY CONSTRUCTCONNECT Project Data You Can Count On ConstructConnect provides accurate, up-to-date project data, refreshed daily by our expert research team, so you can find the right opportunities and build stronger industry relationships. 825,000+ Active Projects 382 Metro Areas $3.5M Annual Document Spend 575,000+ Construction Companies, Complete With Contact Info and Project Activity CUSTOMER STORIES "The best part about ConstructConnect is bid solicitation management. Consolidating all the time it’d take me to do that, as us not being a large company is very valuable to me personally. It gives me my nights and weekends back." Justin Menke Owner, Keystone Construction Services See More Customer Stories OUR TOOLS Solutions built to create confidence. Project Data Manufacturer Insights Takeoff & Estimating Bid Management Find the Right Projects View active public and private commercial construction project leads with an easy-to-use project search tool that helps target the right projects. Search and find project leads within your market or expand to additional territories. Filter your project search by trades, locations, and building use. Learn More Increase Your Market Share Grow your market share with project leads, data-driven insights, and construction forecasts with our ConstructConnect Insight Platform . Find projects and key contacts in your market with filters by MasterFormat code. Access an up-to-date database of projects in planning, bidding, and post-bid phases. Learn More Create Quality Estimates with Faster Takeoffs ConstructConnect’s industry-leading takeoff and estimating tools are purpose-built to help you make informed decisions so you can find, bid, and win more work. On-Screen Takeoff®: Built by estimators, for estimators. Speed up takeoffs with AI-assisted features like Takeoff Boost™, which automatically counts items like doors and fixtures and cuts takeoff time by up to 40% so you can assess project fit faster. PlanSwift®: Easily measure digital plans, automate material calculations, and build estimates with simple drag-and-drop tools. QuoteSoft®: Built for Pipe, Plumbing, and HVAC contractors, this solution gives you accurate material quantities and detailed cost estimates to help you bid with confidence. On-Screen Takeoff PlanSwift Simplified Bid Management Save time by creating and managing individual bid packages with products like ConstructConnect Bid Management, SmartBid, and iSqFt. Simplify project management with a digital tool for sending invites, tracking, and collaboration. Move project data effortlessly from search to bid management and takeoff. Learn More CONSTRUCTCONNECT BLOG Insights You Need for Pre-Construction Success Construction Technology 3 Ways ConstructConnect Speeds Up Bidding & Building Dec 19, 2025 Construction Technology AI for Construction Estimators: Partner, Not Replacement Dec 18, 2025 Conferences & Events Event Recap: ConstructConnect at The Buildings Show 2025 Dec 16, 2025 Industry News & Trends 2025 Construction Industry Takeaways to Make Smart Decisions in 2026 Dec 16, 2025 CUSTOMERS FIRST Trusted by Construction Pros Everywhere Reviews from construction professionals paint a clear picture: businesses across the industry rely on ConstructConnect to drive results. Let’s connect to explore how we can support your success as well. Start your next project with confidence. Start Now Book a Demo Headquarters 3825 Edwards Rd, Ste. 800 Cincinnati, OH 45209 877-761-4347 Company Our Story Press Releases Executive Team Culture Careers Events Business Solutions General Contractor Subcontractor Building Product Manufacturer Supplier & Distributor Service Provider Hospitality Products Project Intelligence Intelligent Leads On-Screen Takeoff Quick Bid PlanSwift QuoteSoft Bid Management Resources Blog Resource Center Guides & eBooks Economic Insights Customer Stories Training & Support Help & Knowledgebase Training Contact Us How We Compare Procore PlanHub Dodge Construction Network ©2025 ConstructConnect All Rights Reserved. • Privacy Policy • Do Not Sell My Personal Information • Master Subscription Agreement • Terms of Service • Acceptable Use Policy • Copyright Notice • Covered by the following U.S. Patent Numbers with other patents pending: 9,785,638; 9,633,012; 9,529,868; 9,116,895.