Warning: It looks like JavaScript is disabled in your browser. For the best experience, please enable JavaScript. Secure, Filter, and Control Your Network Control D is a modern and customizable DNS service that blocks threats, unwanted content and ads - on all devices. Onboard in minutes, and forget about it. Start 30 Day Free Trial Book a Demo Deploy Control D in minutes on your device fleet using any RMM Block malware, harmful content, trackers and ads in seconds Go beyond blocking with privacy features Integrates with all operating systems, all browsers, and most routers. DNS-over-HTTPS/3 DNS-over-TLS DNS-over-QUIC Legacy DNS What people say about Control D "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S "A great product with a friendly and helpful team. Control D is always evolving and on top of latest trends in the cyber-sec space. It provided filtering and web protection capabilities to our customers, especially those on a tight budget." E Evert R "Control D has been easy to setup and deploy across our customers. Not only is it a great product, but the people behind it are passionate about security and privacy. Looking forward to see how the product develops in the future." J Jake P "Control D is a very highly customizable DNS platform, that is not overly complicated. Works on mobile without any software and the redirection feature is quite excellent as it eliminated the need for VPNs for our company." A Alex S "The best part of ControlD isn’t the system itself, which does exactly what it claims to and does it incredibly well. The best part though is the support and the team providing it. I have rarely worked with a technology partner who was so responsive and adaptable to our complex and evolving technology environment." N Niel F "I'd been using @NextDNS Pro for years, but have recently migrated to @ControlDNS. While I had no issues with NextDNS, I've found Control D to provide features NextDNS doesn't offer. I've especially come to like their service redirection feature." J James S Solutions You have problems, we have solutions that won't break the bank, and won't require any long term commitments Secure End User Devices Protect your staff from malicious attacks, phishing and harmful online content with a handful of clicks. Bad things can’t reach their device if they don’t resolve. Roaming clients for all OSes Compatible with most RMM/MDM platforms Self-onboarding flows for unmanaged devices Learn more Protect Whole Networks Safeguard against threats before a connection is even made. Block malware, cryptojacking and phishing domains across entire networks by deploying Control D on a router. Bespoke domain and IP level blocklists Machine learning based filtering 1-step setup on many routers Learn more Block Unwanted Content Ads, clickbait, social media and porn can be harmful to the productivity of your business. Block unwanted content across networks, or on individual devices with a single click. Create blocking schedules for dynamic behaviors. 20+ filtering categories 1000+ individually blockable services Custom Rules for granular control Learn more Gain Actionable Insights Optionally log every DNS query, from every device and gain insights on the activity of your end-users and whole networks. View historical statistics Stream real-time logs into your SIEM Choose jurisdiction where your data is stored Learn more Regain Privacy Privacy and security go hand in hand. Block ads and trackers that can be used to spread malware via a single click and mask your IP from some or all websites you visit. Reduce page load times by blocking trackers Enjoy ad-free browsing experience on mobile Mask your location without a VPN Learn more Industries Control D can be used on a network of any size, and give you advanced capabilities in an interface that doesn't require reading a 900 page manual, or being “certified”. Enterprise Enterprise Global DNS security for enterprise networks. SMBs Enhanced visibility and security for any workspace MSPs Empower your clients with hassle-free DNS layer protection Startups Protect and thrive with early startup security Schools Safeguarding online security for students and staff Non-Profits Prioritizing security for the common good Public Wi-Fi Operators Enhancing Wi-Fi hotspot security for guests Faith-Based Organizations Offer family-friendly Wi-Fi For Enterprise Protect every office, data center, and remote user with centralized DNS security. Built to scale without appliances. SSO provisioning and API automation Full query logs with SIEM export for audits Learn more Ready to get started? Sign up for a free trial. Start a Free Trial Book a Demo Have more questions? Send us a message. Contact us General About Us Pricing Personal Use Free DNS Help Privacy Terms Security & Trust Features Malware Blocking Modern Protocols Web Filtering Service Filtering Custom Filtering Content Filtering DNS Filtering Multi-Tenancy Data Streaming (SIEM) Analytics Admin Logs Traffic Redirection Integrations Industries Enterprise MSPs SMBs Startups Non-Profits Education Hospitality Faith Based Orgs Public Wi-Fi Resources Knowledge Base API Docs Blog Network Changelog Status Support © 2025 CONTROL D , Inc. Organization Personal Log in Get Started