Open Country Selector
Global
EN 
Press
Careers
Investors
Sustainability
Products & Solutions
Company
Stories
Christian Kötz Appointed CEO of Continental
Significant progress made with realignment and transformation into pure-play tire company.
Find out more
Continental Uses Vacuum Technology to Study Tire Wear Particles
Continental and TU Braunschweig have developed a method for the real-time detection of tire wear particles.
Read the press release
Find out more
Tires for Autonomous Vehicles
Continental offers aContact tires specifically for autonomous vehicle fleets and robotaxis.
Find out more
Welcome to Continental

Continental is a leading tire manufacturer and industry specialist that develops and produces sustainable, safe and convenient solutions for automotive manufacturers as well as industrial and end customers worldwide. Learn more

What Drives People When Mobility Changes?

Key findings from the Continental Mobility Studies from 2011 to 2024

Find out more
Share Price Chart
Low Rolling Resistance, Optimal Grip:

How Continental Tires Reduce Environmental Impact

Rolling resistance explained
© Continental AG

Continental aims to minimize rolling resistance while maximizing grip under all driving conditions. Rolling resistance and grip have a major impact on energy consumption and safety both for tires and the vehicle as a whole. Growing public concern about environmental issues, rising fuel prices and the steadily increasing adoption of electric mobility mean that rolling resistance will remain a critical factor in the future of transportation. For combustion-engine vehicles, tires account for 20 to 30 percent of fuel consumption. For electric vehicles, lower rolling resistance significantly reduces energy use and increases range.

Find out more about the topic 
Rolling resistance
   |   Click here for the 
press release

 

Career at Continental

Shaping the future of mobility is not easy. But it gets easier when the right talents are on board. Only together can we develop solutions that make tomorrow even safer, more comfortable, and more sustainable.

What We are Working on

The areas of work in which Continental’s innovations have a global impact are diverse. Find out what we’re working on.

Find out more
Working at Continental

Discover Continental as an employer and find out about the corporate culture, career opportunities and other benefits.

Find out more
Our Range of Jobs

The day-to-day work of our experts ensures that innovations can be created. Discover of our diverse professional fields of work.

Find out more
Sustainability at Continental

Turn change into opportunity. Embrace sustainability. This is how we have anchored sustainability in our Group strategy. Learn more about our sustainability roadmap and how we continuously implement it.

Find out more

CO2 emissions:
0
million

Metric tons of CO2-e (Combined own Scope 1 and market-based Scope 2 GHG emissions) in fiscal year 2024

Gender distribution:
0
%

Female senior executives and executives without USA as of December 31, 2024

Resource use:
0
%

Input of renewable and recycled materials in tire production in fiscal year 2024

Continental in Facts and Figures
Investor Presentation October 2025 (Fact Book 2024)

Detailed figures and information on Continental's transformation as well as on the Group Sectors Tires and ContiTech.

Investor presentation - PDF (13.9 MB)
Continental Reaches Key Milestones in Its Realignment

November 06, 2025 Continental reached key milestones in its realignment during the past quarter. As planned, the company swiftly completed the spin-off of Aumovio and signed the agreement to sell its Original Equipment Solutions (OESL) business area. The final steps of the realignment include the sale of ContiTech next year and a sharpened focus on Continental’s tire business.

Find out more
2024 Annual Report: Unlocking New Strengths.

The 2024 annual report covers topics such as our corporate strategy and structure, research and development, as well as general economic conditions. Starting this year, the sustainability report is part of the annual report. Detailed figures on the Continental Group and its group sectors can be found in the sections on earnings, financial and net assets position as well as in the consolidated financial statements.

Find out more
Follow us on
Facebook
TikTok
Youtube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Glassdoor
RSS
Contact Us
Press
Jobs & Careers
Investor Relations
Sustainability
Products
Suppliers
Integrity Hotline
Quick Access
Financial Reports
Websites
ContiTech 
Tires 
Terms & Conditions
Site Notice
Legal Notice
Data Protection
Cookie Policy
© 2025 Continental AG