Boost Conversions & Revenue with Context-Aware App Engagement | ContextSDK NEW! 50% revenue boost for Blackbox - read the case study! Products ContextDecision ContextPush Solutions Solutions Teams Developers Heads of Product Marketers Industries Gaming Entertainment Health Social Media Dating Use cases Dynamic Product Experience Push Notification Open Rate Teams Developers Heads of Product Marketers Industries Gaming Entertainment Health Social Media Dating Use Cases Dynamic Product Experience Push Notification Open Rate Resources Resources Value Calculator Case Study Collection Newsletter Monetization Playbook Blog Demo App Docs Company Contact Careers Press Privacy & Security Login Contact us Your app's secret weapon: on-device signals The Context Platform leverages real-world user context to boost app conversions. Improve user satisfaction and increase revenue by understanding your users’ unique needs – all while protecting their privacy. See products Why us? Product ContextPush Make every notification count. With ContextPush , your app understands what your users are doing in real-time and delivers notifications only when they’re ready to engage. Smarter timing means better results, without interrupting users. Send with Context Product ContextDecision Getting users to convert is tough. ‍ ContextDecision helps your app pick the best moments to boost conversions, like subscription offers or in-app purchases, by understanding user activity and real-world behavior. Better timing, more success. Decide with Context Unlock a new data category Go beyond analyzing past user behavior. ContextSDK pioneers a new frontier in data, leveraging on-device AI to uncover users' real-world context - whether they're in transit, walking, sitting, standing or in bed. Privacy at the core At ContextSDK, user privacy is paramount. With all data processed on-device, no personal information ever leaves the user's phone. We never collect Personal Identifiable Information (PII), ensuring strict compliance with privacy standards and earning user trust. Effortless integration Integrating ContextSDK is fast and hassle-free. It integrates seamlessly with your app, offering developer-friendly SDKs that require minimal setup. 1.500.000.000 Context events processed Learn more we started the fire Our founders Felix Krause Founder Felix, the visionary behind fastlane.tools, drives innovation in iOS development. As Founder of ContextSDK, he leads our efforts to reshape app development. Renowned for fastlane, saving 33M+ developer hours and acquired by Twitter and Google, Felix champions privacy and security. With a rich background in open source and speaking engagements, he enriches ContextSDK with expertise from Google, Twitter, and beyond. Dieter Rappold CEO and Co-founder As CEO and Co-founder of ContextSDK, Dieter is the driving force behind our strategic vision. While his entrepreneurial journey began with co-founding knallgrau, one of the largest independent digital agencies in the DACH region, he later co-founded Speedinvest Pirates, focusing on growth projects with startups. As Austria's most active Business Angel, Dieter brings a wealth of experience and a risk-taker mentality to ContextSDK, where he continues to lead innovation and growth. Trusting ContextSDK since day 1 Steps Fitness Mimo Education Wizz Dating Dex Reference Blackbox Gaming Yazio Health Trusted Partners What industry-leaders say George Deglin CEO OneSignal "Our ContextSDK partnership enables us to have a compelling AI narrative when speaking with prospects. Many other approaches to AI in our market have limited value. But ContextSDK can actually drive meaningful impact on engagement and conversion rates." Aymeric Roffé CEO BeReal "With ContextSDK we address a crucial blindspot in our Analytics Setup: the real-world context of a user when using our app. For the first time we will have a 360 degree contextualized picture how our customers are using our app" Eric Seufert Independent Analyst & Investor "ContextSDK and its assessment of real-world context adds a unique new data vector to close the loop on conversion to achieve 360 degree contextualization. This will advance the mental models of measurement across the mobile ecosystem." Florian Gschwandtner Former Founder & CEO of Runtastic "For me this is a no-Brainer! As a product owner I'd love to learn more about the real-world contexts in which my users are using my apps - this will allow me to design better customer journeys." Peter Steinberger Former Founder PSPDFKit "ContextSDK creates value for mobile app product owners from day 1, shedding light on insights such as the impact of real-world context on session length." Start transforming your app today! Discover how ContextSDK can help you deliver smarter, perfectly-timed experiences that boost engagement and revenue. Let's make it happen Subscribe to our newsletter, Contextualize this! Welcome aboard! Get ready to explore how real-world context can transform apps. Stay tuned for our upcoming issues! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Login Contact us Leveraging real‒world user context to supercharge engagement and revenue since 2023. GDPR Compliant SOC II Type 2 Founded by Felix Krause and Dieter Rappold . ContextDecision ContextPush Solutions Products Demo App Company Contact Careers Privacy & Security Privacy Policy Imprint © ContextSDK Inc. 169 Madison Avenue, STE 2895 New York, NY 10016 United States support@contextsdk.com