Contabo🥇Cloud VPS & Dedicated Servers for a Price You'll Love Get a Free Storage Extension on your new VPS ! More space, more possibilities. Cloud VPS and Bare Metal Servers for Less Locale Settings $ / EN Help Login Sign Up VPS Cloud VPS Virtual Private Servers with fast NVMe Cloud VDS Virtual Dedicated Servers with full separation Storage VPS Large SSD Storage Windows VPS APPS & PANELS New! n8n VPS New! Nextcloud VPS New! WireGuard New! GitLab CE Plesk VPS cPanel VPS FEATURES Auto Backup Private Networking Custom Images Contabo API Contabo CLI Cloud Init Dedicated Server Dedicated Server Bare Metal Servers with Raw Computing Power Server Deals Discounted Dedicated Servers Cloud VDS Virtual Dedicated Servers with full separation Apps & Panels New! n8n Automate everything. Host it yourself. New! Nextcloud Collaboration. Storage. Freedom. On your server. New! Wireguard Privacy first. Speed included. New! GitLab CE Your self-hosted DevOps platform. DeepSeek Hosting Own AI. Full Control. Plesk Webhosting made simple. With Plesk. cPanel All your hosting tools. One control panel. Crypto Solutions Blockchain power. Private and reliable. More Object Storage Object Storage made simple. Domains Your name. Your domain. GPU Solutions Power for KI, Rendering, Compute. CDN Hosting Slow loads? Add CDN. Speed up. Pricing Company About us This is Contabo. Location Overview Real people.Real answers. Join our Team Work with us. Grow with us. Support Experience Real people.Real answers. ALL REGIONS European Union United Kingdom United States Singapore Japan India Australia SUPPORT EXPERIENCE Contabo HelpDesk Contact Support Contact Sales Assistance Server Status Order Status Tutorials / Blog Abuse Menu VPS Cloud VPS Virtual Private Servers with fast NVMe Cloud VDS Virtual Dedicated Servers with full separation Storage VPS Large SSD Storage Windows VPS APPS & PANELS New! n8n VPS New! Nextcloud VPS New! WireGuard New! GitLab CE Plesk VPS cPanel VPS FEATURES Auto Backup Private Networking Custom Images Contabo API Contabo CLI Cloud Init Dedicated Server Dedicated Server Bare Metal Servers with Raw Computing Power Server Deals Discounted Dedicated Servers Cloud VDS Virtual Dedicated Servers with full separation Apps & Panels New! n8n Automate everything. Host it yourself. New! Nextcloud Collaboration. Storage. Freedom. On your server. New! Wireguard Privacy first. Speed included. New! GitLab CE Your self-hosted DevOps platform. DeepSeek Hosting Own AI. Full Control. Plesk Webhosting made simple. With Plesk. cPanel All your hosting tools. One control panel. Crypto Solutions Blockchain power. Private and reliable. More Object Storage Object Storage made simple. Domains Your name. Your domain. GPU Solutions Power for KI, Rendering, Compute. CDN Hosting Slow loads? Add CDN. Speed up. Pricing Company About us This is Contabo. Location Overview Real people.Real answers. Join our Team Work with us. Grow with us. Support Experience Real people.Real answers. ALL REGIONS European Union United Kingdom United States Singapore Japan India Australia SUPPORT EXPERIENCE Contabo HelpDesk Contact Support Contact Sales Assistance Server Status Order Status Tutorials / Blog Abuse Locale Settings $ / EN Best-priced VPS and Bare Metal Hosting High-Performance Cloud & Dedicated Hosting with Round-the-Clock Human Support Honest hosting all year round - no matter which VPS or Dedicated Server you choose Award-winning reliability with 99.996% uptime Free 1-click applications for your servers CLOUD VPS Real performance, unbeatable value from / month View all Cloud VPS Start strong with 4 vCPUs, 8 GB RAM & 75 GB NVMe. Free Extra Storage CLOUD VDS The perfect middle ground from / month View all Cloud VDS Dedicated cores, starting with 24 GB RAM and 180 GB NVMe. DEDICATED SERVERS Bare Metal power with the latest technology from / month View Dedicated Servers Powerful AMD CPUs, starting with 128 GB RAM and 2 TB NVMe. Limited Special Offer 225,000+ Customers Worldwide 22 Years In Business 190 Countries Served 450,000 Servers Running 9 Regions, 11 Locations, Global Availability From the USA to the UK, from Europe to Asia and Australia, position your server for low latency worldwide Our Awards We've received awards for everything from reliable infrastructure to top-notch support DevOps Features: Automation & Flexibility With Contabo DevOps features you can manage cloud infrastructure straight from code, integrate deployment pipelines, and much more - the choice is yours! Deploy Your Perfect Image. Instantly. Anywhere With Custom Images you can instantly deploy your .iso or .qcow2 images and spin up cloud VPS and VDS compute instances via web interface or API. API to Automate Cloud Provisioning & Management Get full programmatic access to your cloud resources with the Contabo API . Integrate with your your own scripts and DevOps tools to create seamless & efficient workflows. Manage Your Servers Directly From the Command Line Use any of the Contabo API features from your terminal. The Contabo CLI has an easy-to-use natural syntax and is available on Windows, Linux and MacOS. Secure with SSH Keys Customize with cloud-init Scripts Customize and secure your deployments with cloud-init scripts and SSH keys via the API or web interface. Automate your entire setup process and get from code to live in minutes. Four Ways We Offer You the Best Prices Keeping prices low is deep in our DNA Right Hardware Making smart infrastructure choices is a high priority at Contabo. We always carefully check not only the relationship between the purchase price and performance offered, but we also look at the energy efficiency and durability of each hardware component. This way, we can be sure that purchased hardware will be long-lasting and cost-effective to operate, which translates directly into better prices. Scale & Standardization Our prices are good because of the effects of scale. One of the advantages of not being a hyperscaler is that we are able to maintain a fully unified hardware platform in all of our Data Centers around the world. Thanks to that, we not only get better discounts on purchase prices (which we then can pass on to our customers), but we also save money and time on maintenance. Optimization We use proprietary optimization scripts to manage load on our servers and keep everything in balance. This way, we're able to offer stable performance and high uptime for all our customers at a great price point. Our logistics and warehouse management are also optimized to increase efficiency and reduce waste, helping us to keep prices down even more. Lean Culture We operate with a lean mindset, allowing us to invest more in the things that really matter. Instead of spending on expensive offices, you'll find our money in our Data Centers, running top-tier hardware. We also focus on hiring the right people with the skills to provide world-class infrastructure and service to our customers. This smart, disciplined spending is how we deliver exceptional value to you. Who We Work With to Build Our Servers First-class Customer Support A premium support experience for every customer is one of our cornerstones. Our team of highly-trained human support agents is here to help you 24/7, 365 days a year. We believe in offering many ways to find a solution, so you can get help instantly via live chat, explore our extensive self-support resources, or learn from our practical tutorial videos. You don't have to take our word for it - our customers agree, with thousands of reviews earning us a 4.3 score on Trustpilot. Learn more about the Contabo Support Experience . Don't Take Our Word For It "With the Contabo Linux Cluster we have achieved a 99.99% availability in our SaaS last year, and thanks to the excellent service of Contabo, we can expand the capacity of the cluster in just a few hours, according to the growth of our business. " Jorge Antonio Quirós Ramírez , Costa Rica If there is a host I recommend, then Contabo is it. At first I was thinking if I should go for Contabo or not due to the amount of people saying it was a scam or that stuff like bandwidth and etc were not really unlimited or at X speed, but I risked and I can say that all the specs they advertise are true." Pedro Miguel Ramos , Portugal "I've tried over a dozen lower-cost VPS providers over the last 12-18 months and Contabo is easily in the top 2-3 for reliability & performance. I still have active VPS plans through InterServer, Hostens, Vultr, MilesWeb & WizzHosting - and out of them all...Contabo definitely ranks #1 for overall value." JP Hurley , United States of America Security Is Our Priority We take security seriously, covering every layer from our Data Centers to the network. Our commitment includes strict internal procedures, extensive team training, and regular physical security reviews to meet the highest industry standards. On top of this, every Contabo server comes with free, automatic DDoS Protection to shield your projects from common network attacks. Find out more about how we keep your servers safe. Contabo FAQs Frequently Asked Questions about our VPS and Dedicated Servers What payment methods are available? What does the Port speed information in your offers mean exactly? Do you manage your Data Centers and where are they located? How can I contact your support in case of an inquiry? Do you offer rewards for recommending you to my friends? How long does the provisioning take and is there a way to track progress? How can I check the current status of your Data Centers or whether there are any service interruptions? Does my Server at Contabo come with a DDoS Protection? Who do you work with to build your servers? Keep in touch Latest News and Deals from us. No spam guarantee! Email Subscribe The privacy statement holds information on the involved data processing and right to withdraw consent. Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. We will shortly send you an email to the address you submitted. That email will contain a confirmation link to complete your newsletter subscription. Something went wrong :( Follow Us Facebook Linkedin X Products Products Cloud VPS Cloud VDS (Virtual Dedicated Server) Dedicated Servers Object Storage Server Deals Storage VPS Private Networking Contabo API Contabo CLI Custom Images Cloud Init Domains Windows VPS cPanel VPS Forex VPS GPU Solutions Pricing Solutions Solutions Crypto Solutions cPanel Plesk Windows DDOS Protection CI/CD Pipelines Database Hosting eCommerce Hosting Nextcloud Self-Hosted Mail CDN from vshosting Locations Locations Location Overview Europe United Kingdom United States Singapore Japan Australia India Company Company About Us Sustainability Location Overview Join our Team Terms and Conditions Privacy Legal Notice Affiliate Program Blog Contact & Help Contact & Help Support Sales Tutorials FAQ Server Status Order Status Abuse Cloud VPS and Bare Metal Servers for Less Privacy Protected Secure Checkout © Contabo 2003 - 2025