ContentExchange: Connect, Grow and Monetize Skip to content Advertisers Pure Performance Olivia Varga Native Advertising Data Solutions Publishers Remnant Inventory Traffic Acquisition User Engagement Ad Monetization Help Center For Advertisers For Publishers About Us Contact Us Blog Blog ENG Blog SI Menu Advertisers Pure Performance Olivia Varga Native Advertising Data Solutions Publishers Remnant Inventory Traffic Acquisition User Engagement Ad Monetization Help Center For Advertisers For Publishers About Us Contact Us Blog Blog ENG Blog SI Search Search Close this search box. Search Search Reach new audiences on trustworthy websites Promote your content and turn it into better business results. Trusted by International Partners Previous Next The unique Content Exchange platform helps more than 260 of the biggest publishers in the region reach new audiences and monetize their content on websites they trust. It enables brands to connect with leading global advertising networks. Content Exchange for Advertisers Connect with the right audience at the right time and attract targeted customers with high performing ads locally, regionally or globally. Learn more Pure Performance We go beyond building strategies for your online presence. We turn them into action and measurable impact. Read more CPA Campaigns Commission-based sales acceleration: we handle the campaigns and advertising, you pay only for results. Read more Native Advertising Native advertising is the only way to capture a user’s attention in a non-intrusive and  non-interruptive way. Read more Affiliate Partnerships Get conversions plus cost-free brand exposure, quality traffic, newsletter visibility, and long-term SEO benefits. Read more Content Exchange for Publishers Promote your content on our network of premium partner websites. Reach new audiences, increase your website traffic and turn it into money through native advertising. Learn more Remnant Inventory Turn remnant inventory into revenue with Content Exchange Read more Traffic Acquisition Expand Your Audience with Advanced User Targeting Read more User Engagement Enhance Pageviews & Engagement with Content Recommendations Read more Ad Monetization Unlock New Revenue Streams with Native and Display Ads Read more Acquire new audiences, increase their engagement, and drive revenue. Get in touch with us to get started. Start now Content Exchange Network Benefits Grow Reach audiences in 9 countries connected in the Content Exchange network. Drive new and quality visitors to your website. Monetize Monetize traffic of your website with included native advertising in your Content Exchange widgets. Use the same widget for reach and monetization. Connect Attract the right customers with the personalized ads. Re-target, optimize costs, create lookalike audiences, increase conversion rate and sell more. Control Get full control with access to a user friendly back office. Serve your marketing goals efficiently by tracking the numbers. Content Exchange in numbers: 0 + million More than 150 mio daily content recommendations 0 + websites More than 260 webpages in the network 0 markets Content recommendation in 10 languages What Our Clients Say One of the biggest mental shifts we did was not to compete with competition, but to cooperate. Readers simply require the relevant content and there is no media which alone can satisfy every taste and desire. With Content Exchange readers can get the content they want and the media gets a new source of readers and visibility they deserve. Those who trust the reputation of their brand and the quality of their own work see no risk in such cooperation and we definitely are among them. A Content reader is the most important goal that can be achieved. R. Schmitzer Slovenskenovice.si Vice.com in Serbia is a member of the Content Exchange project for two years and the results are very good. In a short period of time, Content Exchange  became our third major referral after Facebook and Google search. The tool itself is simple to use, and works very stable. Daniel Bukumirovic Vice.com In our website ‚Vem kaj jem', we have identified two advantages of cooperation with Content Exchange: exchange of clicks brings additional and quality new visitors and on the other hand widget substantively enrich our portal. It is a very efficient system for the exchange of quality content. Editor Vemkajjem.si We found Content Exchange blocks are generating higher traffic exchange CTR%, compared to our own blocks.

But what is more important, Content Exchange traffic has very high quality. In terms of PPV it is 5 times better than FB and comparable to organic search. A. Varov Netinfo.bg Previous Next Our mission The Content Exchange team is working hard on a mission to make the online world a better place. Our interdisciplinary team of experts thrives as one to help you Connect, Grow and Monetize to deliver the best business results. Our services For Publishers For Advertisers Links Help Center About Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies I.R.V. d.o.o. Leskoškova 12, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia +386 (0)8 2051 480 Contact us All rights reserved © 2020