Contanuity Home About Us Product Demo Contact Home About Us Product Demo Contact Every Day New Business Needs Emerge Identify These Needs Before The Competition And Increase Conversions Learn More Intent Verification Engine Expand lead generation with direct visibility into early intent signals, empowering sales and marketing to proactively identify new opportunities early in the buying process. Aggregate. Analyze. Act. Contanuity aggregates and analyzes purchase intent signals and transforms them into actionable intelligence for sales and marketing.  The Contanuity intent platform empowers users to seamlessly identify active buyers and derive outputs, which can be immediately delivered to sales or fed directly into your marketing automation system. Learn More Expand Your Prospect Database Instantly boost prospect databases with net new names from accounts in active buying cycles Enhance Inbound Marketing Efforts Amplify inbound marketing efforts by adding contacts and accounts not currently in your prospect database Understand the Prospect Journey Understand the intent triggers that drive success and your conversions Leverage Predictive Modeling Inject predictive insights and modeling into your sales and marketing processes Enhance Inbound Marketing Efforts Amplify inbound marketing efforts by adding contacts and accounts not currently in your prospect database Understand the Prospect Journey Understand the intent triggers that drive success and your conversions Leverage Predictive Modeling Inject predictive insights and modeling into your sales and marketing processes Purchase Intent At Scale 1.5M Number of Companies Monitored 10K Total Data Sources 1B Daily Intent Signals Identify Active Buyers Before the Competition Contanuity's Intent Verification Engine is the only platform that allows you to identify active buyers and understand the intent triggers that drive conversions, so you can focus on the behavior that matters most. Identify Target buyers with emerging opportunities across more than 2800 intent topic areas. Search and filter based on a number of company attributes including industry, total employees and revenue. Prioritize who you target based on our proprietary intent identification scoring models. Engage Target your engagement to the most relevant buyer personas based on our proprietary best fit persona engine or based on your internal persona preferences. Granular location-based scoring allows you to engage decision makers at the right companies and locations. Personalize engagement with the topics that matter most based on our granular topic scoring. Analyze Build topic-based segments using diverse topics and scores to test which combinations drive the most conversions. Leverage historic topic and score data points from the time of contact acquisition to more efficiently target prospects. Using our proprietary Intent Verification Engine, analyze historic behavior to identify the strongest intent triggers. Optimize Leverage machine learning to identify intent triggers and contacts from net new companies exhibiting similar behavior. Build and save predictive queries using insights from the Intent Verification Engine to automate new prospect identification. Enhance insights from the Intent Verification Engine and optimize predictive queries with closed loop reporting. CONTACT US 50 Milk St 16th floor, Boston, MA 02109 info@contanuity.com 617-780-8802 www.contanuity.com First Name Last Name Title Work Email Phone Company Message CONTANUITY © 2017. ALL RIGHT RESERVED