All You Need to Know About Cookies | Cookiepedia All About Cookies What are Cookies? Types of Cookies Online Tracking Technologies The Benefits of Cookies Cookies and Online Privacy How to Manage Cookies Google Chrome Firefox Firefox (iOS) Firefox (Android) Safari (Desktop) Safari (Mobile) Microsoft Edge Internet Explorer Opera New Cookie Controls for Chrome IAB Legal Text EU Cookie Directive EU Cookie Directive Cookie Laws Across Europe Cookie Law in the UK Cookie Law Compliance Guidance Cookies Consent How To Complain About Cookies The Cookiepedia Database About Cookiepedia Using Cookiepedia How We Classify Cookies Cookies and Privacy Policy Free Website Scan website cookie 3rd party host Largest Database of Pre-Categorized Cookies 42,020,489 Cookies 27,374,825 1st Party Cookies 14,645,633 3rd Party Cookies 19,981,787 Session Cookies 22,038,702 Persistent Cookies Website Benchmarks from Cookiepedia 69 Cookies Per Site 1% Strictly Necessary Cookies 5% Performance Cookies 3% Functionality Cookies 58% Targeting Cookies 32% Unknown Cookies 65% 1st Party Cookies 48% Session Cookies 35% 3rd Party Cookies 52% Persistent Cookies Previous Next Find out what's on your website Scan your website with CookiePro by OneTrust. 1. Enter Website Enter the website domain you want to scan into the CookiePro Website Scanner 2. Scan Website CookiePro will scan 10 website pages for cookies, tags, forms and policies 3. Generate Report Scan results will be sent to your email detailing the website's privacy risk Scan Website All about cookies Cookies are a fundamental part of the modern web, they bring many benefits , but have  a significant impact  on privacy .  New online privacy laws are creating  opportunities for people to take control over  what information is collected about them as well as exercise their  privacy rights . Cookiepedia is promoting a new age of transparency on the web, by providing detailed  information all about  cookies , the types of  data they collect, and the websites that use them. How is Cookiepedia data gathered? The majority of cookie data on Cookiepedia has been supplied by OneTrust , a privacy management software company that currently administers the Cookiepedia site.​ We will gratefully include data or information about cookies from any reliable source. Our goal is to make Cookiepedia a comprehensive site for anyone interested in cookies, transparency and privacy related to cookies. Contact us at [email protected] . Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Sign Up for Free Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. © 2020 Cookiepedia. All Rights Reserved. Cookie Notice | Privacy Notice | Terms of Use | Contact Us