Cookiebot™ CMP by Usercentrics - GDPR Compliance for SMBs Skip to content Search Search Search Cancel Log In About Us Support English English English (US) Dansk Deutsch Español Français Italiano Products Cookiebot™ solution Cookiebot™ CMP Usercentrics products Privacy Compliance Privacy Policy Generator Web CMP App CMP Server-Side Tracking Server Google Tag Manager Meta Signals Gateway Audience Data and Activation Audience Unlocker Early access Preference Manager Integrations Wix Wordpress Product demos See our consent solution in action Explore demo Regulations Europe and International Google Consent Mode (EU) Microsoft UET Consent Mode Microsoft Clarity Consent Mode TCF 2.3 (IAB) GDPR (EU) DMA (EU) FADP (Switzerland) LGPD (Brazil) POPIA (South Africa) USA CCPA (California) CPRA (California) CPA (Colorado) CTDPA (Connecticut) UCPA (Utah) VCDPA (Virginia) Not sure which regulations could apply to you? Find my regulations Partners Become an affiliate Become a partner Find a partner Resources Blog Digital Markets Act Hub Google Consent Mode Hub Consent Mode V2 Certification Pricing Contact Sales Start Free Automate consent signaling and drive results on top ad platforms Collect and manage user consent with our plug-and-play solution. Easy to integrate. Flexible. Reliable. Start trial 14-day free trial Cancel any time Scan website Check if your website is privacy compliant Used on 2.4M websites and apps Manages 8.8B monthly user consents Supports 47+ languages Powers 600.000+ customers Your website address Scan now Age* Why choose Cookiebot CMP? Full control of cookies and trackers Cookiebot CMP's powerful scanner checks your website monthly to identify the cookies and tracking technologies you are using. It automatically categorizes the cookies and trackers and blocks them until visitors give consent. Trustworthy consent collection Start collecting consent on your website quickly by implementing one of our pre-built templates, or easily design your own consent banner. Provide transparency to your users about how their data is collected and for what purposes. Secure consent storage and monitoring Gain peace of mind and achieve ongoing privacy compliance on your website with our cookie reports and consent dashboard. Consent is stored up to 12 months and consent logs are available for audit purposes or data subject access requests. Which solution works for you? Core Solopreneur Emerging Business Achieve privacy compliance and easily signal user consent to ad tech platforms. Implement our plug-and-play solution with automated consent collection and management. Discover Core Advanced Advanced Business Enterprise Enable scalable privacy compliance and streamline consent management across multiple brands, platforms, and regions. Automate consent signals and access detailed analytics to drive continuous growth. Discover Advanced Check pricing Why choose Cookiebot CMP? Easy setup and customization Get started quickly with a pre-built template, or take advantage of extensive customization options. Easily match your branding and provide your audience with key information to build trust and achieve legal compliance. Powerful automation that works Powerful, patented scanning technology scans your website monthly to identify and classify cookies and trackers in use. Enjoy automated updates to effortlessly maintain regulatory compliance around the world. Always secure and supported We provide reliable and responsive support, clear SLAs, and trusted security standards. With the ISO 27001 and 27701 certifications, HIPAA readiness, and a Google-certified CMP partnership, you get secure, supported, and privacy-compliant services. Is your website privacy compliant? With our scanner, you can easily check what cookies and tracking technologies collect user data on your website. Your website address Scan now Age* Achieve compliance and minimize your legal risk With the dynamic data privacy regulation landscape, keeping up to date with the latest legislation changes can be challenging. Cookiebot CMP helps you tackle the legal complexities in the markets where your business operates. It streamlines your website privacy compliance of your websites with automation powered by the latest tech stack. State of the art scanning technology automatically detects cookies and trackers International customization for languages and regulations Collect valid consent by showing clear and accurate messaging More features Improve user experience and transparency Create a trustworthy user experience by giving your visitors the freedom of choice and transparency on how their data is used. With multiple integration options, in minutes you can start collecting consent with little tech resource overhead. Enables granular consent options to respect user choice Customized branding for seamless, trustworthy user experience Pre-built, user-friendly templates enable setup in minutes Learn more Gain peace of mind and control over your website Cookiebot CMP automated processes of website scanning and cookie and tracker categorization saves you time and resources. After initial setup ongoing maintenance is minimal. With extensive documentation and our premium customer support, you have full control and support over your website’s privacy compliance. Automated scanning and updates free up internal resources Best-in-class customer support team for all your needs User-friendly admin interface for easy changes and consent insights Get started Trustworthy user experiences along with better data for smarter insights Great customer experiences require knowing your users, and for that you need high quality data. Get more data with consent and automated privacy compliance, for seamless, user-friendly marketing initiatives. Check pricing Seamless integration and hassle-free maintenance Easy to implement with seamless integration into your existing tech stack. Our reliable tech and legal expertise enables you to automate privacy compliance. No disruptions or impact on your website performance. Read documentation Comprehensive privacy compliance now and in the future The global data privacy landscape keeps evolving. Your growing business has to keep up. Gain peace of mind with comprehensive compliance geotargeted for relevant markets and regulations. Watch demo Marketers Tech Team Legal Get to know Cookiebot CMP Step 1 Sign up for your free account Step 2 Choose your banner and copy its code Step 3 Paste the code into your site header. Done! Start 14-day free Consent Mode V2: An All-In-One Course Get certified for free on how to optimize ad performance and future-proof your marketing strategy with Google Consent Mode. Enroll for free Our latest articles on all things privacy Microsoft UET Consent Mode: Ensuring Microsoft GDPR compliance in advertising Microsoft UET Consent Mode ensures compliance with data privacy laws for businesses using Microsoft Ads. With Cookiebot CMP, companies can automate... Learn more Cookiebot CMP certified by Google as a Gold Tier CMP Partner Cookiebot CMP has earned Google’s Gold Tier certification for CMP Partners. In addition to meeting Google’s stringent standards for CMP Partner certification, Cookiebot CMP has also... Learn more Achieve privacy compliance with just a few clicks in the Google tag UI – certified CMP with consent mode Easily implement Cookiebot CMP with just a few clicks from your Google Ads, Analytics, or Tag Manager... Learn more Download the CMP integration for your preferred CMS Usercentrics Cookiebot WordPress Plugin Stay privacy compliant with the Usercentrics Cookiebot WordPress Plugin, seamlessly integrated with WordPress to manage user consent. Download plugin Usercentrics for Wix Download the Usercentrics for Wix app from the Wix App Market to easily manage user consent, increase trust, and maintain privacy compliance. Download app Stay informed Join our growing community of data privacy enthusiasts now. Subscribe to the Cookiebot™ newsletter and get all the latest updates right in your inbox. Enter your email Subscribe By clicking on “Subscribe” I confirm that I want to subscribe to the Cookiebot™ newsletter. I can easily cancel my Cookiebot™ newsletter subscription and revoke consent to use my data by clicking the unsubscribe link or I can write to [email protected] to make the request. Privacy policy . Age* Subscribe to our newsletter Get monthly news, articles, videos, and more about Privacy-Led Marketing and legal compliance. Enter your email Sign Up Age* By clicking on “Sign up” I confirm that I want to subscribe to the Usercentrics newsletter. I agree that my data may be used for any information related to the products and services offered by Cookiebot™. I can easily revoke this any time by clicking the unsubscribe link or by emailing Cookiebot™ at [email protected] . See Privacy Policy Product Cookiebot™ Consent Solution Usercentrics for Wix Usercentrics Cookiebot WordPress Plugin Cookie checker Pricing Regulations DMA (EU) GDPR (EU) CCPA (California) VCDPA (Virginia) LGPD (Brazil) TCF v2.3 (IAB) Google Consent Mode (EU) Microsoft UET Consent Mode Partners Become an affiliate Affiliate Login Become a partner Find a partner Resources Blog Digital Markets Act Hub Google Consent Mode Hub Google Consent Mode V2 certification Developer documentation Company About us Careers Support Contact sales ©2025 Cookiebot. All rights reserved. Cookiebot is a trademark of Usercentrics A/S. Usercentrics A/S is registered in Denmark. Company reg. no.: 34624607. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Data Subject Requests Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Declaration Data Processing Agreement Legal Notice Accessibility Statement English English English (US) Dansk Deutsch Español Français Italiano Euro - € Swiss franc - CHF Danish krone - kr. Euro - € Pound sterling - £ Norwegian krone - kr. Polish złoty - zl Swedish krona - kr. US Dollars - $ How can we help you? Scan your website for free or get started right away. Scan your website now Get started