Delicious, Easy-to-Make Recipes Everyone Will Love - Cooking Classy Menu Search Submit Recipes Appetizers Breakfast Chicken Recipes Desserts Healthy Recipes Main Dish Seafood Sides Slow Cooker Soups Videos About Subscribe Search Close Menu Home Recipes Appetizers Breakfast Chicken Recipes Desserts Healthy Recipes Main Dish Seafood Sides Slow Cooker Soups Videos About Subscribe Contact Facebook Pinterest Instagram YouTube Search Submit Ravioli with Browned Butter Sage Sauce Ravioli with Browned Butter Sage Sauce is a semi-homemade, simple and satisfying dish. Four cheese ravioli is drench in an easy to make sauce that includes nutty browned butter, earthy sage, crunchy pecans, and it’s finished with crisp toasted panko, plus finely shredded Pecorino Romano cheese on top. Maximum flavor in every bite! Easy Browned Butter Sage Sauce over Ravioli This is one of those exceptional dishes that you get maximum flavor with minimal effort. Browned butter just always has a way of being a total game changer. Plus when it’s paired with fried crispy sage, as well as hints of fresh garlic and lemon it will leave tasters utterly impressed. The none traditional panko bread crumb finish is a final ingredient that will leave people intrigued. It compliments the soft and chewy textures of the ravioli beautifully. You’ll find this is a company-worthy recipe or one to pull out on occasion just to treat yourself to an easy comforting dinner. Bon appétit! View the Recipe Latest Recipes Millionaire’s Shortbread Ravioli Lasagna Peppermint Brownies 20 Easy Christmas Treats Turkey Soup 20 Best Thanksgiving Recipes Apple Pie Bars Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie More Recipes Welcome to Cooking Classy™ Here you’ll find a collection of delicious recipes that your family will love, all tested and approved by me, Jaclyn, creator of this food blog. Cooking is my passion so please follow along and share what I create! Trending Right Now The Best White Chicken Chili Perfect Slow Cooker Pot Roast No Bake Cookies Simple Taco Soup 16 Quick & Easy 30 Minute Recipes! (plus weekly recipe updates) Your email Dinner Tonight chicken Soups Slow Cooker Grilled Chicken Sandwich Chicken Caesar Wrap Creamy Dijon Mustard Chicken Slow Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup Turkey Soup Slow Cooker Ground Beef Stew Slow Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup Italian Wedding Soup Crockpot Mac and Cheese Slow Cooker Chicken Thighs Crockpot BBQ Pulled Chicken Barbacoa Beef Explore my Recipe Collections Appetizers & Salads Asian Beef and Pork Breads & Rolls Breakfast Brownies & Bars Cake & Cupcakes Christmas Cookies Desserts Drinks Fall Faves Halloween Healthy Holidays Ice Cream & Chilled Desserts Instant Pot Main Dish Mexican and Southwestern Muffins & Doughnuts Pasta & Italian Pies and Cheesecakes Poultry Sandwiches Seafood Shopping Sides & Sauces Slow Cooker Soups Spring Tarts and Pastries Thanksgiving Treats and Snacks Valentines Latest Video Slow Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup More Videos 16 Quick & Easy 30 Minute Recipes! (plus weekly recipe updates) Your email © 2025 COOKING CLASSY™ Privacy Contact Design by cre8d Facebook Pinterest Instagram YouTube