Skip to main content

OneTrust Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™ for Privacy Management Software, Q4 2025

Access now

Solutions
Platform
Resources
Company
Request demo
Contact Sales
EN
Cookie Consent
Simplify cookie compliance and consent management

Regulatory and societal trends emphasize the importance of personal data consent. More than 750,000 websites trust our Cookie Consent software to meet today’s data privacy demands. 

Detect all cookies, tags, trackers, pixels, beacons, and more across your website
Customize out-of-the-box consent banners according to your brand and regional needs
Easily deploy banners across domains with pre-built MarTech integrations
Watch solution demo
 
Contact sales
Operationalize cookie consent 
Audit your website
Automatically categorize cookies and trackers
Easily configure the consent experience
Enable cookie auto-blocking to ensure compliance
Automate scanning and maintain records
Optimize your cookie consent banner to maximize opt-ins

Experiment with A/B testing to deploy template variations, measure consent, and drive opt-ins. Define attributes and logic using template targeting and sync consent of known users across devices.

Extend your consent options
CONSENT & PREFERENCES
January 29, 2026
Modernizing consent for today’s healthcare ecosystem

Modern healthcare is rethinking consent. Learn how to streamline compliance, enhance patient trust, and activate consent across systems with Deloitte and OneTrust experts.

Read more
Related products
Mobile App Consent
OTT and CTV Consent
Privacy Operations
Ready to get started?
See how OneTrust Consent & Preferences can help your organization build trusted digital experiences. 
Request demo
Contact sales
Top Searches
Trust Center
Consent & Preferences
Third-Party Management
Resources
Privacy automation in the age of AI: From compliance to confidence
Privacy pulse: Q1 2026 global regulatory update
OneTrust Tech Risk and Compliance demo
Glossary
AI DPIA
AI Risk Management
Data privacy
DORA
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Platform
Platform
Pricing and Packaging
OneTrust Integrations
Latest News
OneTrust on Track to Surpass $500M in ARR as Demand for Responsible Data and AI Solutions Skyrockets
OneTrust named a Leader in 2025 Privacy Management Software Analyst Report 
OneTrust named a Leader in IDC MarketScape 2025 Worldwide Data Privacy Compliance Software Report
Company
About Us
OneTrust Global Offices
Careers
Newsroom
Legal and Compliance Information
Contact Us
Contact Us
Request Demo
Privacy Matters
Our privacy center makes it easy to see how
we collect and use your information.
Your privacy

When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners.

© 2025 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Our policies
Privacy Overview
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Trust Center
Your rights
Exercise Your Rights
Manage Your Communication Preferences

Why we use cookies and other tracking technologies?

Our site enables script (e.g. cookies) that is able to read, store, and write information on your browser and in your device. The information processed by this script includes data relating to you which may include personal identifiers (e.g. IP address and session details) and browsing activity. We use this information for various purposes - e.g. to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You can reject all non-essential processing by choosing to accept only necessary cookies. To personalize your choice and learn more click here to adjust your preferencesCookie Notice
Allow All
Accept only necessary
Adjust my preferences