Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Manage services
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Cookie policy
Privacy Statement
Skip to content
Home
About Cookiedatabase.org
Contact
Search
Search
Understanding Tracking With Cookiedatabase.Org
How It Works

On Cookiedatabase.org you can consult information about cookies, Local Storage, pixels and other tracking technologies. You can also read the Data Passports we created about the services and organizations that create or use these technologies.

Contributors

Contributors to and moderators of this database are the more than 700000 websites using Complianz.io for Consent Management.


Popular Data Passports
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Read more

TikTok is a Chinese video-sharing social networking service owned and served worldwide by Bytedance.

Read more
YouTube is an American online video sharing and social media platform launched in February 2005.
Read more

Facebook is an American online social media and social networking service owned by Meta Platforms, Inc

Read more
AddThis is a social bookmarking service that can be integrated into a website with the use of a web widget.
Read more

Yoast SEO is a search engine optimization (SEO) plug-in for WordPress owned by Newfold Digital.

Read more
About Cookiedatabase.Org

Cookiedatabase.org is a project that started in 2019, and that wants to bring more transparency in the online world of website tracking and collecting personal data.

Almost everybody gets targeted through the use of cookies and other online techniques. Often, the function and the duration they stay active are unknown to websitevisitors.

We want to change this by describing the consequences for data privacy, per service, and per cookie. To do this, we continually research and moderate cookie details and the services that place these cookies.

In the first two weeks since  the start of the project, more than 5000 different cookies were added by our users!  

Developing the Data passports

In the second stage of the project (2021), we wanted to understand what a company actually knows about website visitors when combining the data they get from different cookies and services. This is why we created the Data Passports. They are based on the information from public sources, such as the privacystatement of a vendor.

Sponsoring and partnerships

This project is financially supported by Complianz, a Privacy Suite for WordPress, and by SIDN Fund, a Dutch foundation focussing on user empowerment and an inviolable internet for all.

We are always open to new sponsor proposals, or to organizations that want to cooperate with us in other (non-financial) ways, in order to keep cookiedatabase.org up to date and available for free. 

Using Cookiedatabase.org

By using the search function, everybody can use the data from the cookie database. The database also makes it possible to translate the descriptions of the cookies in all languages.

The data in the cookie database can be used freely under the Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives-4.0-International License.  

Contributed Cookies
1
+
Synced Websites
10000
+
Services
1
+
Popular Services
Google Analytics
Facebook
YouTube
Mixpanel
About
How we categorize cookies
First, second or third party
How to remove my data
Legal
Recommended
Complianz - The Privacy Suite for WordPress
iubenda - Compliance for websites and apps
Really Simple Security
Burst Statistics
Powered By