Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Deny
Customize
Allow all
Skip to content
SEARCH
LOG IN
ABOUT US
SUPPORT
ENGLISH
Products
Regulations
Partners
Resources
Pricing
CONTACT SALES
START FREE
AUTOMATE CONSENT SIGNALING AND DRIVE RESULTS ON TOP AD PLATFORMS
Collect and manage user consent with our plug-and-play solution.
Easy to integrate. Flexible. Reliable.
START TRIAL
14-day free trial
Cancel any time
SCAN WEBSITE
Check if your website is privacy compliant
Used on
2.4M
websites and apps
Manages
8.8B
monthly user consents
Supports
47+
languages
Powers
600.000+
customers
Which solution works for you?
Core Solopreneur Emerging Business

Achieve privacy compliance and easily signal user consent to ad tech platforms. Implement our plug-and-play solution with automated consent collection and management.

Discover Core
Advanced Advanced Business Enterprise

Enable scalable privacy compliance and streamline consent management across multiple brands, platforms, and regions. Automate consent signals and access detailed analytics to drive continuous growth.

Discover Advanced
CHECK PRICING
Why choose Cookiebot CMP?
Easy setup and customization

Get started quickly with a pre-built template, or take advantage of extensive customization options. Easily match your branding and provide your audience with key information to build trust and achieve legal compliance.

Powerful automation that works

Powerful, patented scanning technology scans your website monthly to identify and classify cookies and trackers in use. Enjoy automated updates to effortlessly maintain regulatory compliance around the world.

Always secure and supported

We provide reliable and responsive support, clear SLAs, and trusted security standards. With the ISO 27001 and 27701 certifications, HIPAA readiness, and a Google-certified CMP partnership, you get secure, supported, and privacy-compliant services.

Is your website privacy compliant?

With our scanner, you can easily check what cookies and tracking technologies collect user data on your website.

Your website address
SCAN NOW
Achieve compliance and minimize your legal risk

With the dynamic data privacy regulation landscape, keeping up to date with the latest legislation changes can be challenging. Cookiebot CMP helps you tackle the legal complexities in the markets where your business operates. It streamlines your website privacy compliance of your websites with automation powered by the latest tech stack.

State of the art scanning technology automatically detects cookies and trackers
International customization for languages and regulations
Collect valid consent by showing clear and accurate messaging
More features
Improve user experience and transparency

Create a trustworthy user experience by giving your visitors the freedom of choice and transparency on how their data is used. With multiple integration options, in minutes you can start collecting consent with little tech resource overhead.

Enables granular consent options to respect user choice
Customized branding for seamless, trustworthy user experience
Pre-built, user-friendly templates enable setup in minutes
Learn more
Gain peace of mind and control over your website

Cookiebot CMP automated processes of website scanning and cookie and tracker categorization saves you time and resources. After initial setup ongoing maintenance is minimal. With extensive documentation and our premium customer support, you have full control and support over your website’s privacy compliance.

Automated scanning and updates free up internal resources
Best-in-class customer support team for all your needs
User-friendly admin interface for easy changes and consent insights
Get started
Trustworthy user experiences along with better data for smarter insights
Great customer experiences require knowing your users, and for that you need high quality data. Get more data with consent and automated privacy compliance, for seamless, user-friendly marketing initiatives.
CHECK PRICING
Seamless integration and hassle-free maintenance
Easy to implement with seamless integration into your existing tech stack. Our reliable tech and legal expertise enables you to automate privacy compliance. No disruptions or impact on your website performance.
READ DOCUMENTATION
Comprehensive privacy compliance now and in the future
The global data privacy landscape keeps evolving. Your growing business has to keep up. Gain peace of mind with comprehensive compliance geotargeted for relevant markets and regulations.
WATCH DEMO
Marketers
Tech Team
Legal
Get to know Cookiebot CMP
Step 1

Sign up for your free account

Step 2

Choose your banner and copy its code

Step 3

Paste the code into your site header. Done!

START 14-DAY FREE

Consent Mode V2: An All-In-One Course

Get certified for free on how to optimize ad performance and future-proof your marketing strategy with Google Consent Mode.

ENROLL FOR FREE
Our latest articles on all things privacy

Microsoft UET Consent Mode: Ensuring Microsoft GDPR compliance in advertising

Microsoft UET Consent Mode ensures compliance with data privacy laws for businesses using Microsoft Ads. With Cookiebot CMP, companies can automate...

Learn more

Cookiebot CMP certified by Google as a Gold Tier CMP Partner

Cookiebot CMP has earned Google’s Gold Tier certification for CMP Partners. In addition to meeting Google’s stringent standards for CMP Partner certification, Cookiebot CMP has also...

Learn more

Achieve privacy compliance with just a few clicks in the Google tag UI – certified CMP with consent mode

Easily implement Cookiebot CMP with just a few clicks from your Google Ads, Analytics, or Tag Manager...

Learn more

Download the CMP integration for your preferred CMS
Usercentrics Cookiebot WordPress Plugin

Stay privacy compliant with the Usercentrics Cookiebot WordPress Plugin, seamlessly integrated with WordPress to manage user consent.

DOWNLOAD PLUGIN
Usercentrics for Wix

Download the Usercentrics for Wix app from the Wix App Market to easily manage user consent, increase trust, and maintain privacy compliance.

DOWNLOAD APP
Subscribe to our newsletter

Get monthly news, articles, videos, and more about Privacy-Led Marketing and legal compliance.

Enter your email
SIGN UP

By clicking on “Sign up” I confirm that I want to subscribe to the Usercentrics newsletter. I agree that my data may be used for any information related to the products and services offered by Cookiebot™. I can easily revoke this any time by clicking the unsubscribe link or by emailing Cookiebot™ at unsubscribe@usercentrics.com. See Privacy Policy

Product
Cookiebot™ Consent Solution
Usercentrics for Wix
Usercentrics Cookiebot WordPress Plugin
Cookie checker
Pricing
Regulations
DMA (EU)
GDPR (EU)
CCPA (California)
VCDPA (Virginia)
LGPD (Brazil)
TCF v2.3 (IAB)
Google Consent Mode (EU)
Microsoft UET Consent Mode
Partners
Become an affiliate
Affiliate Login
Become a partner
Find a partner
Resources
Blog
Digital Markets Act Hub
Google Consent Mode Hub
Google Consent Mode V2 certification
Developer documentation
Company
About us
Careers
Support
Contact sales
 ©2025 Cookiebot. All rights reserved.

Cookiebot is a trademark of Usercentrics A/S. Usercentrics A/S is registered in Denmark. Company reg. no.: 34624607.

Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Data Subject Requests

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookie Declaration
Data Processing Agreement
Legal Notice
Accessibility Statement
English
Euro - €