Cool Material - Men's Gear, Gifts, Lifestyle Blog We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By continued use, you agree to our Privacy Notice . Got It Skip to Content Gear All Gear Goods Outdoors Sports Tools Tech All Tech Audio Cameras Computers Phones Video Watches Fashion All Fashion Jewelry Clothing Shopping Accessories Lifestyle All Lifestyle Home Entertainment Food Health Drinks Transportation Grill Travel Guides All Guides Gifts Holiday Wedding Valentine's Day Mother's Day Father's Day steals Subscribe Search Suggestions Search Suggestions No Matching Suggestions We couldn’t find any results matching your keyword. Please try a different search term. View all results Gear All
                                                        Gear Goods Outdoors Sports Tools Tech All
                                                        Tech Audio Cameras Computers Phones Video Watches Fashion All
                                                        Fashion Jewelry Clothing Shopping Accessories Lifestyle All
                                                        Lifestyle Home Entertainment Food Health Drinks Transportation Grill Travel Guides All
                                                        Guides Gifts Holiday Wedding Valentine's Day Mother's Day Father's Day steals Subscribe about us Editorial Submissions advertise contact Get the Cool Material Newsletter Insider recommendations, the best deals, and the most unique products & experiences, delivered right to your inbox. Share Article Share through your preferred social media platform: via facebook via X OR Copy the link and send it directly to everyone: Copy Link Link Copied Lifestyle 6 Breakfast Cocktails Every Gentleman Should Know How to Make On the off chance you need a little help tomorrow morning. partner Bowl Season Gear by Nike partner Good, Better, Bezel: How G-SHOCK’s G-STEEL Keeps Toughening Up Beauty partner Bowl Season Gear by Nike partner Good, Better, Bezel: How G-SHOCK’s G-STEEL Keeps Toughening Up Beauty Our Picks Featured Stories Sports The Best New Gear From Nike This Week It's a Jordan Christmas miracle! Holiday The Cool Material 2025 Holiday Gift Guides From style and home goods to EDC and food and drink, we rounded up the coolest gifts of the year. partner Review: Nike x Hyperice HyperBoot – A Game-Changer for Foot Pain and Recovery By Travis Haley Outdoors The Best Gear for Life on the Trail, According to the Couple Who Wrote the Book on It By Lola Méndez Sports The Best New Gear From Nike This Week It's a Jordan Christmas miracle! Holiday The Cool Material 2025 Holiday Gift Guides From style and home goods to EDC and food and drink, we rounded up the coolest gifts of the year. partner Review: Nike x Hyperice HyperBoot – A Game-Changer for Foot Pain and Recovery Check out our CM product review of the hottest product in wellness right now: the Nike x Hyperice HyperBoot. Spoiler alert -- it’s a gamechanger! Outdoors The Best Gear for Life on the Trail, According to the Couple Who Wrote the Book on It They've explored 10,000 miles together. Here are their essentials. Steals The best deals and offers on the web 29% OFF Nike ACG Air Exploraid $99 $140 Promo ends on March 28, 2025 51% OFF Greys Ripstop Slipper Boot in Olive/Black $58 $118 Promo ends on March 28, 2025 25% OFF Nike Wool Classics Insulated Jacket $263 $350 Promo ends on March 28, 2025 25% OFF Nike Tech Fleece Crew $98 $130 Promo ends on March 21, 2025 31% OFF Material The Trio of Knives $156 $225 Promo ends on March 21, 2025 24% OFF Nike Air Max 1 Essential $106 $140 Promo ends on March 21, 2025 20% OFF Astorflex Bitflex Chelsea Boot $200 $250 Promo ends on March 26, 2025 46% OFF Staub Essential French Oven $200 $370 Promo ends on March 21, 2025 Editors' Picks A curated selection of our favorite gear 30% OFF Hay Chisel Lounge Chair $486.50 $695 44% OFF Todd Snyder Nomad Suede Slide $151 $268 10% OFF Rocco The Super Smart Fridge $1795 $1995 Get the Cool Material Newsletter Insider recommendations, the best deals, and the most unique products & experiences, delivered right to your inbox. Must-Reads Our team’s top picks 1 Partner Partner Feeling the Burn 2 Sports Sports The Handsome Fan’s Style Guide to the NBA Finals 3 Drinks Drinks The Best Wheated Bourbons That Aren’t Pappy Van Winkle 4 Partner Partner Hypershell X Review: The Future of Hiking Has Legs 5 Partner Partner The Story You’ll Tell When Someone Compliments Your Shirt 6 Watches Watches G-SHOCK’s 10-Year Pursuit of Perfection: The Fine Metallic Series Delivers Unseen Innovation 7 Features Features 50 Books Every Man Should Read Before He’s 50 8 Sports Sports The Best New Gear From Nike This Week 9 Watches Watches 150 Years of Bulova: The Watch Documentary You Didn’t Know You Needed 10 Watches Watches I Went Down a Nixon Watch Rabbit Hole. Here Are the 4 Most Surprising Details I Found From Our Partners partner partner The Best Bet in Vegas With its standard-setting sportsbook and new poker room—the biggest on the Strip—The Venetian Resort Las Vegas is doubling down as the premier destination for gamers. partner partner Feeling the Burn As cigars enjoy a boost in popularity, a new direct-to-consumer marketplace is primed to become the go-to destination for smokers old and new. partner partner 150 Years of Bulova: The Watch Documentary You Didn’t Know You Needed Discover the untold story behind Bulova’s 150-year reign in the watch world. partner partner Upgrade Your Golf Game With the SQ Putter Whether you’re an amateur golfer or a seasoned pro, the SQ Putter will improve your short game. The Latest Drinks 6 Breakfast Cocktails Every Gentleman Should Know How to Make On the off chance you need a little help tomorrow morning. By Christopher Osburn Partner The Watch That Proves Toughness Has Always Been a Kind of Elegance G-SHOCK didn’t just evolve into refinement. It’s been quietly building toward it from the start. By Cool Material G-Shock Partner Watches Clothing Your Cheat Sheet for Finding the Perfect Barn Jacket Every man needs one. And no man needs a luxury one. By Brett Braley Features Where to See the Tallest Free-Standing Totem Pole on Earth Welcome to Victoria, British Columbia. By Lola Méndez Gifts How to Give the Gift of Pappy This Year (Even If You Can’t Get Your Hands on a Bottle) You don’t need a rare hookup to gift a piece of bourbon history. By Cool Material Pappy & Company Partner Next Get the Cool Material Newsletter Insider recommendations, the best deals, and the most unique products & experiences, delivered right to your inbox. Get the Cool Material Newsletter Insider recommendations, the best deals, and the most unique products & experiences, delivered right to your inbox. Quick Links gear fashion lifestyle tech watches guides steals Info about us Editorial Submissions advertise contact Visit our Instagram page Visit our Facebook page Visit our Twitter page Cool Material participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions ©2024 North & Warren, LLC. All Rights Reserved.