Coolors - The super fast color palettes generator! Tools Go Pro Sign in Sign up Palette Generator Explore Palettes Image Picker Contrast Checker Palette Visualizer Color Picker Tailwind Color NEW Color Bot NEW Discover List of colors Browse Gradients Create a Gradient Make a Gradient Palette Image Converter Image Recolor Collage Maker Free Fonts Font Generator Download iOS App Figma Plugin Chrome Extension Account Sign in Sign up Go Pro Account Dashboard Profile Account Go Pro Sign out Palette Generator Create unique color palettes quickly and effortlessly. Explore Palettes Discover millions of color palettes by topic, style and color. Image Picker Extract beautiful colors from any image with ease. Contrast Checker Ensure your designs meet accessibility standards. Palette Visualizer Check your colors on real designs in real-time. Color Picker Get useful info about any color like meaning, variations and accessibility. Tailwind Colors Create and preview your tailwind palettes on real UI designs. Color Bot NEW Chat with our AI-powered bot and get color suggestions. Discover List of Colors List of Gradients Gradient Maker Gradient Palette Image Converter SVG Recolor Collage Maker Free Fonts Font Generator Download iOS APP Figma Plugin Adobe Extension Chrome Extension Company Pricing Help Center Features Request Affiliate The super fast color palettes generator! Create the perfect palette or get inspired by thousands of beautiful color schemes. Start the Generator Explore 10M+ Palettes Trusted by 8+ million creative minds and top companies Coolors is the lightning-fast, ultra-intuitive color palette generator for designers, creators, and anyone seeking visual harmony. Instantly generate beautiful palettes by hitting the spacebar, or explore millions of popular ones. Extract colors from images, check accessibility, and preview them on real designs. Organize your palettes into projects and export them in multiple formats—effortlessly across web, apps, and plugins. Now with AI! Color of the Day AI is here! Discover more Our tools, loved by millions Palette Generator Create beautiful color schemes in seconds with the worldwide loved palette tool. Just hit the spacebar! Start the Generator Explore Palettes Get inspired by thousands of beautiful color schemes. Search by colors, styles, topics or hex values. Explore 10M+ palettes Image Picker Extract beautiful colors from your photos and turn them into palettes for your projects. Launch the image picker Contrast Checker Calculate the contrast ratio of text and background colors to make your content more accessible. Try the contrast checker Palette Visualizer Preview your colors on real designs to see how they look in context before using them in your projects. Open the visualizer Color Picker Get useful color information like meaning, usage, variations, accessibility and conversion. Launch the color picker Tailwind Colors Preview Tailwind CSS colors on real designs to see how they look in context before using them in your projects. Get your Tailwind colors Color Bot Chat with our AI-powered Color Bot, ask questions and get color suggestions for your projects. Chat with Color Bot More useful resources Color Names Browse and search through a comprehensive list of color names to find the perfect shade for your project. Free Fonts Discover and collect beautiful free fonts for your designs from our curated list of typography resources. Collage Maker Create stylish collages by combining your photos and palettes in seconds. Browse Gradients Explore beautiful gradients for your projects or create your own gradient with the Gradient Maker. Gradient Palette Create a gradient palette between two colors and export it in various formats. Image Converter Convert images to different formats with ease. Plugins and Apps iOS App Figma Plugin Adobe Extension Make something coolorful! Tools Generate your palettes Explore popular palettes Extract palette from image Contrast checker Preview palettes on designs Color picker Tailwind Colors Color Bot Discover List of colors Browse gradients Create a gradient Make a gradient palette Image converter Recolor your own design Create a collage Browse free fonts Font Generator Apps iOS App Figma Plugin Adobe Extension Chrome Extension Company Pricing License Terms of service Privacy policy Cookie policy Manage cookies Help center Advertise Affiliate Contact Feature Requests © Coolors by Fabrizio Bianchi . Let's make something cool! Color code Color code This field is required The code is not valid. This code has been already used. This code has expired. Too many attempts. Try again in 1 minute. Email not received? Send again Do you need help? Contact us Export Palette URL Share PDF Image CSS ASE SVG Code Tailwind Embed X Pinterest Export palette as PDF General Labels Spaces Pages Options Title Description PRO Colors Label PRO Color Spaces Pages Use my custom logo PRO Export Export as PDF Title Description Use my custom logo PRO Export Export palette as image General Labels Options Title Color Space Colors Label PRO Use my custom logo PRO Export Info Colors Projects Collections Image Name Description Tags Select projects Add Select collections Add Label Color Pair this palette with an image. PRO Use picker image Save Name This field is required Private Save Name This field is required Private Save Name Color This field is required Color already saved Save Info Colors Projects Collections Name Description Tags Preview Colors Select projects Add Select collections Add Save Select image Upload URL Camera Stock Browse or drop image Wrong file type or size (max 10 MB). Image URL This field is required OK No photos found. Not available. Please try later. Allow access to your camera... Camera not available. Not supported by your device. Camera access denied. Retake Use this photo Take Image picker Collage maker Layout Aspect Palette Share palette Facebook Twitter Pinterest What's new Howdy! Thank you so much for getting here! I’m Fabrizio, creator and maintainer of Coolors. I’d really love to get in touch with you to hear your feedback or just say hello! 😃 Reach me on New terms available We updated our Terms and Privacy . Please read them and accept to continue. I accept Download Copy Palette Gradient Check Palette Contrast Pro Feature Go Pro to unlock this feature and many others. Learn more View demo colors No color pairs have enough contrast. Valid All Palette CSS Gradient Psychology Meaning Applications Conversion Harmonies Similar colors Accessibility On white On black Color Blind Friendly View more about this color Chat with Color Bot Colors Psychology Meaning Applications Similar palettes Accessibility On White On Black Color Blind Friendly View more about this palette Export color as image Title Space Library Use my custom logo PRO Export Select project Projects New project OK Select collection Collections New collection OK Share link_sharer_description Private link to share Palette details Projects Collections Tags Keywords Created on modal_pro_subtitle 👋 Hello, I'm Fabrizio, the guy behind Coolors. Today I introduce Coolors Pro, a subscription plan to premium features, that I believe represents a fundamental step forward for the future of Coolors' development. So what happens? You can still use nearly every features for free, with mainly these limitations on the account: You can save up to 10 palettes You can have only 1 project and 1 collection You can save up to 5 colors to favorites All Pro features Access to Coolors AI Remove ads Generate your palettes, up to 10 colors 10M+ of ready color schemes Save unlimited color palettes Unlimited projects and collections Save unlimited colors Pick colors from image Create collages Pro Profile page Check palette contrast View palette variations Save images, gradients & fonts Work with color libraries Advanced export options Private profile Custom logo on exported PDFs Check the palette contrast and all color variations Unlock all layouts on the new Palette Visualizer Dark mode Support me as an indie developer All future updates Remove ads and popups to enter the heaven of colors Generate palettes with more than 5 colors automatically or with color theory rules Save unlimited palettes , colors and gradients, and organize them in projects and collections Explore more than 10 million color schemes perfect for any project Pro Profile , a new beautiful page to present yourself and showcase your palettes, projects and collections Get advanced PDF export options like shades, hues, color blindness, etc. Unlock additional tools like the new Palette Visualizer to check your colors on real designs Support me as an indie developer And more... Cancel your subscription anytime. We'll send you reminders 3 days before renewals. Learn more Loved by 35K+ happy customers and top companies View plans Redeem your coupon Coupon code This field is required This coupon is not valid. This coupon has expired. This coupon has been already used. Apply Contact us if you need support with your coupon. Update payment method Provide your card details (protected by Stripe ) Confirm Update payment method Update payment method Change Plan Hello! Use your email or another service to continue with Coolors. Continue with Google Continue with Apple Continue with email By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service . Read our Privacy Policy . Info Colors Share a palette quickly with your clients or collegues, including title and descriptions. Name Description PRO Label PRO Color Get link Become an Affiliate! If you have a blog, website, email list or social media accounts then you can join the Affiliate Program and earn a 20% commission on every purchase. Get your link Info Image Tags Options Variants 1 2 3 4 Title This field is required Description This field is required Creative fields This field is required Tools Tags Private Request an invitation We can't wait to see what you are working on but, to prevent abuse and scale gradually, you you can start uploading your designs only upon invitation. Make sure your profile is well sorted out before sending your request! Send a request Your already sent your request. Info Font Projects Collections Name Description Tags Select projects Add Select collections Add Save Coolors Adobe Extension Download and install the extension for Illustrator, InDesign and Photoshop (up to version 20). Photoshop 21+ and Adobe XD will be supported soon. Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop (20) Download (1.1.0) Adobe Photoshop 21+, Adobe XD Coming soon Parse palette Insert any text that contains HEX codes. Coolors URL / String / Array This field is required No colors found OK Prev Next Cancel subscription Oh no! It breaks my 💙 to see you leave! Before you cancel your subscription, please share with me what made you cancel today. Your honest feedback will help me improve a lot! Thanks. Never mind, I'll stay! Continue Info Image Projects Collections Name Description Tags Select projects Add Select collections Add Save Allow the ads Hey, I'm Fabrizio, the guy behind this website. Please help me to keep most of the site free by allowing ads or consider subscribing to enjoy even more features. Your support truly matters. I disabled the ad blocker I want to subscribe for $3/mo I don't care, close popup Chat with Color Bot Pro Ask me anything about these colors... Powered by Coolors AI Coolors AI may make mistakes. Verify important info. Export Tailwind code Version Color space Copy All designs Mobile/Web UI Branding Typography Pattern Illustration Shade Saturation Hue Temperature Blindness Luminance Gradient Theme Buy extra credits You can use extra credits without limits to enhance your experience. Pay Secure payment via Paddle. Request support Hello! Use your email or another service to continue with Coolors. Continue with Google Continue with Apple Continue with email Reset password Enter your email address below and choose a new password. Email / Username This field is required This email is not registered Choose a new password This field is required Min 8 characters Send reset link Back to Sign in Sign up Create a free account with your email. Create your free account Already have an account? Sign in Sign in Sign in with your email here. Sign in Forgot password? Reset Don't have an account? Sign up By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service . Read our Privacy Policy . Illustration by @flamiponi