COOLCOM Premium Web Services Home Domains Register Domains Renew Domains Transfer Domains Help DNS Hosting Hosting Plans Corporate Plan Professional Plan Business Hosting Email Hosting Domain Buddy . Help Buddy Help Email Help Webmail Help Hosting Login Get Help Login | Logout Since 1999, showing COOLCOM the love "Thank you Coolcom. When all else failed me you arrived. My own error was gently addressed and corrected. When was the last time the internet people had compassion? Coolcom! Thanks team " ~ Roger Williams True Cloud Hosting True Cloud Hosting Canadian Support Canadian Support Experienced Team Experienced Team Canadian Company Canadian Company "How much will it cost to keep a business growing on the net?" The cost of growing a successful business on the internet will, in large part, depend on a few simple factors: Ensure your site can transact Ensure your site can be found Can clients book appointments? or submit documents? Elements beyond presentation are required and these elements will in part determine expense. This is no longer a singular issue of attracting Google. For many businesses making use of newer conventions & tools are required even to attract google. How much does COOLCOM Cost compared to other places? Hosting your business at COOLCOM brings value to your expenditure. It's not just the lower fees; it's about the value included in those fees. While there's more to compare than just one supplier, GoDaddy has become the benchmark. Let's compare fas fa-arrow-right At COOLCOM, package of resources and personal attention totals at $229.00 "all inclusive" per year. This includes email AND complete site WITH email data backups AND "we do that for you" service! COOLCOM takes pride in personal support and advice from all-Canadian techs and businesspeople that are all based in Canada. At GoDaddy, a package of resources and selection of services begins at $263.00 per year . And it gets tricky because you're off loaded to Microsoft email which costs $60-$90.00 p/box p/year after year one, so added email expenses and support from Microsoft are in your future. AND you need to pay an extra 120.00 per year just for backups. $25.00/m COOLPro The successful online business essential with all inclusive pricing. sPanel admin 20 GB space 10 email boxes Unlimited mail forwards SSL and off-site backups WordPress Simplified Account Manager Tier 2 Tech Access Domain Lock Protection Domain Buddy 1 Find out more here Get Started COOLCorporate $35.00/m Top Tier hosting for upscale Corporate and Association Resource needs. sPanel Admin 20 GB Space 20 email boxes Unlimited mail forwards SSL and off-site backups WordPress Simplified Account Manager Tier 2 Tech Access Domain Lock Protection Domain Buddy 5 find out more here Get Started $12.95/m Web & Email The tools and space you'll need to manage your website and email with ease. Friendly cPanel Interface True Cloud Server & Storage 2 mail boxes, unlimited forwards Email tools for security & productivity Wordpress Simplified , Joomla, Weebly Landing Page Builder Find out more here Get Started $3.35/m Email Box Professional Spam reduced email Plug-in more space, boxes or webhosting anytime. Fully expandable. DNS tools with cPanel included Lots of email Storage Webmail & PC/Device access Spam reduced without filters Optional Panel Filters Email tracking tools Find out more here Get started WordPress with Kick Ass Advantages Included with all Hosting "WP Simplified" - it's how you want WordPress to work fas fa-arrow-up fas fa-arrow-down Drag features from the toolbox to the page Feature Rich Drag & Drop Toolbox Secure Templates On Board Effortless Customization Easy to Incorporate Sophisticated Elements Responsive Right Out of the Box "Why should I consider Corporate or Pro hosting?" Why choose Professional Hosting? Enjoy the advantage of more resoures, with a price that includes all the little things (like SSL regularly $69.95/y and pointing an extra domain regularly $15.95/y) and take advantage of direct access to COOLCOM Veterans (Tier 2Support) qualified to fix quickly, help locate assets & software, keep tabs on your renewals and share experience as well as answer questions about your server and email systems. Your site is also located on a server with resources allocated for active business needs. Why choose Corporate Hosting? Corporate Hosting assumes your site means business. Includes our DNS 5Pak (point up to 5 extra URLs) and includes a Private IP Address making your site perfect for sending lots of email (even newsletters). 30 eMail boxes help with personnel or department addressing, and your COOLCOM Assistant is qualified to discuss Marketing (PPC, Funnels, Landings, Traditionals) eCommerce and other areas that benefit from user experience. Your domain protection is on us too! Why should I dump GMail and MS Mail for my own? Look, if it's the interface you like, that's easy. COOLCOM Mail offers skins and customizing that give you the ability to mimic your favorite or create your own email look & feel. But what about features? You want everything you can get for your dollar, and with COOLCOM Mail you have it already. Skins n Stuff GOAT Signatures! Dropbox Integration Stop that Send!! Shared Calendars Big Gig Sending .CA Domain Registration Register .ca domains We register lots of TLDs at COOLCOM and .ca domains as one of Canada's first CIRA Certified Registries. Click to get started .LAW Domain Registration Register .law domains Register your Law Firm or Legal .LAW domain name at COOLCOM.com for a convenient and painless process. Click to get started Transfer domains to COOLCOM $14.95 Keeping all your domains under one roof is easier than ever using the one-click Domain Management portal exclusive to COOLCOM Digital Media. No matter the TLD (.com, ca, store, etc) your domain list is all in one place and easy to manage. Add features, renew your domain, check on your domain list for upcoming expiry dates; it's all so easy to do from a single screen (and if you host - all your info is right there too). Transfer domains to COOLCOM now! Transferring domains to COOLCOM is easy Domain Buddy A "remote control" for your domain Point at 3rd Party Email Point at 3rd Party Email Point at any IP Address or Website Point at any IP Address or Website Create TXT, MX, and other Records Create TXT, MX, and other Records Create sub.domains.url and point Create sub.domains.url and point DMARCC & other advanced zones DMARCC & other advanced zones And we do it all for you too :) Even if you know what zones and records are, you can still delegate. Just ask us to do the toiling for you;  toss that in our inbox. Order One Now Est. 1999, COOLCOM's Top Tier Crew and Management Henk: Programming "JoCool" Co Founder Kenn: Co Founder Tony: Client Tech Carrie: Client Tech Brett: Client Tech Shameless publishing of FAB testimonials “Patricia (JoCool) and the COOLCOM group are no ordinary domain registry and website hosting company. Her dedication and client-first approach ensured I secured THE .law domain that mattered most to me and my business. There is no way that you can get this type of service at any other domain registrar and web hosting company. I can’t thank Pat enough for getting, what I believed to be the impossible, done for me and my business. Thank you Patricia and COOLCOM!" - Steve Fruitman, Langley, B.C More testimonials from Clients at COOLCOM Daryl Granger This team at COOLCOM is just that, a team. I've been able to get to know and count on the group of professionals at COOLCOM and that's helped me move forward from site hosting to business success. Tanya Mitchell I'm running a Non Profit and working on funding is my main focus. The whole idea of having to deal wiht setting up boxes, backing up data.. it gives me the shivers! Having people doing this for me is essential. Vickie Thompson My challenges were less about hosting and more about how I can accomplish goals that go beyond posting it. I needed help with how to take appointments & charge fees; I really apprciated the advice. About COOLCOM Digital COOLCOM Digital Media offers goods and services carefully focused on specific needs of Canadian business . Through our diverse group of offerings, clients have the backing required to bring forward quality. Your Business gains secure internet composure working with consultants aimed at high level support. And domain collectors still find their best pricing and tools all at the COOLCOM Group of companies. (c) COOLCOM Digital Media 2025 - EST 1999 Common Links Map Register New Domains Renew Domains Transfer Domains to COOLCOM Get Help Desk Support Hosting Packages Available Domain and Hosting Policies COOLCOM Privacy Policies Terms and Conditions CIRA Certified "Holy Crap you're fast!" - Larissa Home Domains Register Domains Renew Domains Transfer Domains Help DNS Hosting Hosting Plans Corporate Plan Professional Plan Business Hosting Email Hosting Domain Buddy . Help Buddy Help Email Help Webmail Help Hosting Login Login | Logout Mobile Menu Domain Registration Domain Management