	
Bookmark Our Site! (Cmd+D)

View this page in..
English
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
French
German
Dutch
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Thai
Turkish
 


Advertisement


 Home | FAQ | Tutorial | Emulators | ROMs | BIOS | Queue (0)	


Welcome to CoolROM.com!

New to Emulation? Make sure to visit our tutorial section first!

Looking to play retro games on your computer or mobile device?
You've come to the right place! CoolROM.com is the largest retro gaming resource on the net - we have thousands of games (ROMs) and the latest emulators to run them. Most games have screenshots and are sorted for your convenience. Navigate using our menu above now!

Popular Emulator Sections:
DS Emulator
GBA Emulator
Gameboy Emulator
Nintendo Emulator
SNES Emulator

If you like what we're doing, please share us with your friends using the links below:


Share:	
		


Site News

December 12, 2012
Christmas came early for all of our loyal users. Introducing our new 635 GB Nintendo Gamecube ISOs section!

August 10, 2012
Heads up - our server will go down for approximately 30 minutes after 9 PM PST tonight for a SSD drive installation and RAID-1 buildup. This will give the site more redundancy moving forward!

June 22, 2012
After a long time of uploading, not to mention running into a string of server problems, I am proud to finally preset to you our new PSX ISOs section! Included are 1,691 full ISOs totalling over 440 GB! The Playstation was my favorite console growing up, and looking at the list of titles brings back many fond memories as a kid. I hope it has the same effect on you - enjoy!

June 17, 2012
How do you play the Commodore 64 ROMs we just added without any emulators? Therefore, we have created a new Commodore 64 emulators section! We also went ahead and updated all of our emulators to their latest versions.

June 7, 2012
Due to the recent surge of traffic to both our web site and forums, we have outgrown our current single server. This has caused, as you may have noticed, a significant slowdown when accessing and browsing our forums.

In order to keep our user experience high, we had another server (with a SSD drive) implemented just to handle our forums' MySQL database. This should greatly improve forums speeds in every way, and the lessen the load on the main site server.

Thanks for continuing to support CoolROM - we strive to be your favorite emulation community!

June 4, 2012
Due to your numerous requests, we have now added a Commodore 64 ROMs section totalling 5,656 files! Enjoy and stay tuned for more updates; we're not done quite yet...

June 1, 2012
It's June 1st, so you guys know what that means... it's time to announce our fourth contest winners! Here they are:

Grand prize: Austyn B.
Second prize: David G.
Third prize: Jerome C.

Winners: please check your email for gift card prizes or further instructions. Thanks to everyone who participated - the turnaround was truly amazing. For those who didn't win: there's always the next contest!

April 16, 2012
We have just updated our MAME ROMs collection to the latest version: 0.145! This brings our collection up to 18,550 files totalling 44.6 GB!

April 3, 2012
Gamers rejoice! Our mobile optimized site is now online! You can check it out here: http://m.coolrom.com (mobile devices only). Make sure to bookmark it and tell your friends. Also, as a way of saying thank you for the support throughout the years, we are keeping the mobile site ad-free for a limited time!

February 25, 2012
2 more prizes were added to the contest for more chances to win! Check them out here!

February 24, 2012
It's been a while since I last said this, but I am proud to present CoolROM.com's fourth contest! This time, we are giving a way a brand new PS Vita (ever heard of them?) and Uncharted: Golden Abyss! Learn more about our contest here. Good luck everyone!

February 24, 2012
After quite some time, CoolROM is finally on Twitter! Please follow us to receive the latest updates and ROM additions. Now, I know there are alot of you who browse CoolROM on your iPhone and Android devices, so we are developing a mobile friendly site for yall! Stay tuned :)


	
Advertisement


Top 25 Downloaded Emulators


» Visual Boy Advance
» Project64
» DeSmuME
» PCSX2
» ePSXe
» ZSNES
» Dolphin
» NO$GBA
» MAME
» Snes9x
» Fusion
» pSX
» FCEUX
» Chankast
» PPSSPP
» PS2emu
» Jnes
» PCSP
» Visual Boy Advance
» Xeon
» Kawaks
» NeonDS
» JPCSP
» Satourne
» iDeaS




	
Top 25 Downloaded ROMs


Tekken 3
Crash Bandicoot
Jackie Chan Stuntmaster
» CTR - Crash Team Racing
» DragonBall Z - Budokai Tenkaichi 3
» Digimon World 3
» God of War - Ghost of Sparta
» WWF SmackDown! 2 - Know Your Role
» Grand Theft Auto - San Andreas
» Final Fantasy VII (Disc 1)
» Bloody Roar II
» Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories
» Digimon World
» Pepsiman (Japan)
» Dragon Ball Z - Tenkaichi Tag Team
» Vigilante 8 - 2nd Offense
» Final Fantasy VIII (Disc 1)
» Grand Theft Auto - Vice City Stories
» Resident Evil 2 (Disc 1)
» Grand Theft Auto - San Andreas (Bonus)
» God of War II
» FIFA Soccer 2005
» Twisted Metal 4
» Resident Evil 4
» Final Fantasy X


Affiliates

» Champion Counter
» Computer Emuzone
» Emulators For Android
» Sony ISOs



Copyright © 2025 CoolROM.com. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Contact Us
×
×