Copyscape Plagiarism Checker - Duplicate Content Detection Software About About Copyscape Press Testimonials Terms of Use Products Our Products Copyscape Premium Copyscape API Copyscape Enterprise Copysentry Free Comparison Tool Free Plagiarism Banners Plagiarism About Plagiarism Plagiarism and Generative AI Preventing Plagiarism Responding to Plagiarism Online Resources Help FAQs Contact Us Sign up Copyscape Premium Copysentry Log in About About Copyscape Press Testimonials Terms of Use Products Our Products Copyscape Premium Copyscape API Copyscape Enterprise Copysentry Free Comparison Tool Free Plagiarism Banners Plagiarism About Plagiarism Plagiarism and Generative AI Preventing Plagiarism Responding to Plagiarism Online Resources Help FAQs Contact Us Sign up Copyscape Premium Copysentry Log in The world's most trusted plagiarism checker Search for copies of your content on the web. Scan Now For unlimited searches, API and more: Sign Up for Copyscape Premium “Productivity tool nobody can live without” Time “Talk about an eye opening experience” NBC News “Definitely worth a look” CBS News “A quick way to check a whole website” BBC News “Identify where your content is being used online” Forbes “Keep tabs on who's ripping off your content” Wired “One of our favorite tools” Bloomberg BusinessWeek “Vigorously protecting copyright” The Guardian “Put your mind at rest” The Independent The Original and Best For over two decades, companies worldwide have trusted Copyscape as the industry standard for enterprise-class online plagiarism detection. Copyscape is used by the world’s leading companies in publishing, Gen-AI, content marketing, SEO, education, research and more. Get Started Embrace AI with Confidence AI-generated text may include pieces of content reproduced directly from the Internet. You can deploy AI with confidence by using Copyscape to check the originality of all new content. Learn More Check Before You Publish Publishing plagiarized content on your website can expose you to legal liability and lower your search engine rankings. Whether written by humans or generated by AI, Copyscape checks if your content is unique before you publish. Learn More Hear it from our Customers "The Jasper Plagiarism Checker is powered by Copyscape, the world's most advanced plagiarism detection
                system used by millions worldwide. It makes it easy to check if any of the text in a document has been
                used anywhere else online." "Our API integration with Copyscape allows us to have the content checked before it is delivered. With Copyscape, you can rest assured that the content you receive from us is original and unique." "Copyscape is the best plagiarism checker. Content Writers uses Copyscape to check all articles. We
                encourage our writers to use Copyscape or another plagiarism tool to check their content before
                submitting it. That way we have two checks to make sure the content we deliver is free from plagiarism." Get Automated Plagiarism Alerts Sit back and let Copysentry automatically monitor the web for copies of your content. Receive instant email alerts every time a new copy is found. Learn More Protect your content with Banners Place our free banners on your web pages to warn potential plagiarists against stealing your content. Choose from a variety of sizes and styles. Learn More Copyscape © 2025 Indigo Stream Technologies, providers of Giga Alert and Siteliner . All rights reserved. Terms of Use