AI Content & Text Authenticity Detection | Copyleaks Skip to content Products PRODUCTS AI Detection AI Text Detector AI Image Detector Deepfake
                          Detector Plagiarism Checker Content Moderation Text Moderation Grammar Checker INTEGRATIONS API Integration LMS Integration Browser Extension Google Docs Add-on Solutions EDUCATION Academic Integrity ENTERPRISE GenAI Governance & Compliance Unauthorized LLM Usage MEDIA & PUBLISHING IP & Copyright GenAI Governance & Compliance Unauthorized LLM Usage DEVELOPERS AI Model Training Code Governance & Compliance Pricing Resources RESOURCES Blog Careers Testimonials Case Studies 3rd Party Validation Help Center API Documentation Glossary TESTING METHODOLOGIES AI Text Detection AI Image Detection Text Moderation COMPANY About Us Press Podcast: The Original Source EN EN EN AR ZH FR DE HI IT JA RU ES TR PT Login Try it Now Get a Demo Home Home Content Integrity & AI Detection For Editorial From Fortune 500 companies to the world’s top universities, our AI-powered content analysis platform protects intellectual property, governs AI use, and sets the standard for responsible AI adoption. Get a Demo # 153 Fastest Growing Companies in the US FEATURED IN AI Image Detector Rebuild trust in visual content by identifying images generated or altered by AI, with precision down to the pixel. Try It Now Our Comprehensive AI Content Detection Solutions Authenticate Your Content, Ensure Compliance IP & Copyright Compliance Academic Integrity GenAI Governance Code Plagiarism Checker AI Model Training Unauthorized LLM Usage Safeguard your content—whether AI or human—with detection that flags unauthorized use and helps you stay copyright compliant. Learn more about IP & Copyright Compliance Detect AI and plagiarism in a way that supports—not penalizes—learning. Copyleaks helps schools uphold academic values while embracing innovation. Learn more about Academic Integrity Enable responsible AI adoption with oversight that mitigates generative AI risks, ensures transparency, and upholds trust and compliance across the organization. Learn more about GenAI Governance Avoid hidden vulnerabilities and unlicensed reuse with source code verification designed for today’s AI-assisted development. Learn more about Source Code Verification Build better AI and optimize your models with training data you can trust—original, compliant, and free of synthetic content. Learn more about AI Model Training See when and where LLMs like ChatGPT, Perplexity, Gemini, DeepSeek and others have leveraged your content and ensure your IP is protected. Learn more about Unauthorized LLM Usage Integrations AI & Plagiarism Detection That Integrates Seamlessly With Your Existing Workflow For Businesses API Integration Level up and automate your organization’s content and GenAI strategy with our fully scalable, flexible, and customizable API integrations. Learn more about our API Integration For Educational Institutions LMS Integrations Effortlessly ensure academic integrity and safe AI use for learning within your LMS platform. Learn more about our LMS Integrations Are you a student? Start now for free Safeguard Originality. Verify Integrity. Over 99% accuracy*, verified through rigorous testing methodologies . Trusted globally to detect AI across 30+ languages and leading LLMs like ChatGPT, Gemini, DeepSeek, and Claude. *Accuracy rating is based on internal testing of the English language datasets. 99 % AI Detection Accuracy Rate* The most accurate AI detector on the market, verified by multiple independent third party studies . AI detection covering ChatGPT, Gemini, Deepseek and Claude. Plus, newer models as they are released. 30 + Supported Languages Supports over 30+ languages, including Spanish, Japanese, French, German, Chinese, and Hindi, with more in development. Paraphrasing Character Manipulation Image-based Plagiarism Catch hidden plagiarism techniques like paraphrasing, character manipulation, and more. 16,000 + Open-access Journals 60 T + Websites & Search Engines 1 M + Internal Documents 20 + Code Repositories Search the world’s largest database of websites, journals, academic papers, and more. 100 + Supported Languages Detect plagiarism in 100+ languages, from English and Spanish to Chinese and Hindi. The Copyleaks Difference One Streamlined Platform, Scalable for Every Need A seamless AI solution delivering content integrity and transparency for individuals and businesses. AI Text Detector AI Image Detector Plagiarism Checker Grammar Checker Text Moderation Security You Can Rely on, Privacy You Can Trust With PCI DSS, SOC 2, SOC 3, and GDPR certifications, Copyleaks ensures your data is always safe and protected. Explore all compliance and certifications AI Detection Blog Insights That Shape the Future of Content Integrity Explore expert insights, original research, and real-world use cases on AI, content integrity, and ethical innovation. Explore the blog Third-Party Studies Continue to Confirm Copyleaks AI Detector as the Most Accurate Independent third-party research continues to confirm the Copyleaks AI Detector as one of the most accurate solutions available. Read now Jul 8, 2025 Recent Blogs We Spent 30 Minutes on Sora. What We Found Was Disturbing. Our 30-minute test of OpenAI's Sora revealed alarming safety flaws, including non-consensual deepfakes. Read why AI detection and governance are critical. Read now Dec 15, 2025 AI Usage Best Practices Guide Discover how leading industries, such as education, publishing and media,HR and financial services are using AI detection to protect integrity, build trust, and moderate harmful or fraudulent content in the age of generative AI. Read now Dec 3, 2025 Can AI Detectors Identify AI-Paraphrased Text? Learn how AI detectors identify AI-paraphrased text and rewritten content from tools like Quillbot. Explore detection limits, accuracy factors, and how Copyleaks detects AI content even after it’s reworded. Read now Dec 3, 2025 Copyleaks vs ZeroGPT: Which AI Detector Is More Accurate? Compare Copyleaks and ZeroGPT in terms of features, transparency, and detection accuracy. Learn about the differences between AI detectors and what to consider when selecting the right one for your specific needs. Read now Dec 2, 2025 Top Use Cases for AI Detection Across Industries Discover how leading industries, such as education, publishing and media,HR and financial services are using AI detection to protect integrity, build trust, and moderate harmful or fraudulent content in the age of generative AI. Read now Dec 1, 2025 Can AI Detectors Be Fooled? Learn how people try to bypass AI detectors and why leading solutions like Copyleaks stay ahead of evasion tactics. Discover how AI detection works, what influences accuracy, and how to interpret results responsibly. Read now Dec 1, 2025 Copyleaks Research: 82% Admit They’ve Mistaken AI Images for Real – and Public Trust Is Crumbling AI-generated imagery blurs fact & fiction. Copyleaks surveyed 4,000 US adults on their exposure and deep concern over manipulated images. Read the results. Read now Nov 10, 2025 Introducing Copyleaks AI Image Detection Introducing Copyleaks AI Image Detection, an enterprise-grade API that verifies the authenticity of images by detecting AI-generated and manipulated visuals with unmatched precision and transparency. Read now Nov 10, 2025 AI Ethics in Education: From Cheating to Collaborating Students are reshaping academic integrity in the AI era. Explore how intent, ownership, and ethics are being redefined in our 2025 AI in Education Trends Report. Read now Nov 5, 2025 Many of our clients have expressed concerns about the use of AI for content generation, particularly in the higher education space. Our partnership with Copyleaks will make it simple for Moodle administrators and instructors to detect AI-generated content in order to encourage thoughtful, original content that shows subject mastery. Jonathan Moore Head of Moodle US Real Stories, Real Results See why our customers consistently recommend our AI detection and content plagiarism tools. Award-Winning Software, Impressive Growth 100+ Countries Embracing the Future of AI With Copyleaks 500+ Leading Enterprises & Educational Institutions Growing With Copyleaks 30M + Monthly Scans for GenAI content and plagiarism Industry-leading AI Detection & Content Integrity Tools for Individuals and Businesses In the age of generative AI, content integrity isn’t a nice-to-have. It’s essential. It means protecting all forms of digital content—text, code, intellectual property (IP)— from alteration, duplication, plagiarism, and unauthorized AI manipulation. At its core, it’s about ensuring your work stays original, accurate, and proprietary. Since 2015, Copyleaks has been a trusted leader in maintaining content integrity. What began as a mission to help organizations detect plagiarism has evolved into a comprehensive platform of AI detection and compliance tools for today’s most critical use cases. Now, with AI reshaping how content is created and shared, we’re helping enterprises and educators stay one step ahead. Designed to support content integrity across all business sectors, our enterprise solutions can help support academic integrity , AI model training , IP and copyright compliance , GenAI governance , code governance , unauthorized LLM usage , and more. In addition to our enterprise-grade solutions, we offer free, AI-powered tools for individuals, including our award-winning AI Detector and Plagiarism Checker , making content integrity accessible to everyone. Whether you’re a student writing a term paper or a Fortune 500 chief information officer navigating AI’s impact on your organization, Copyleaks has a solution for you. Connect with Us : Ensure Integrity in the Age of AI Get a Demo Start now for free 115 E 23rd St., 7th Fl New York, NY 10010 Contact Us Solutions Academic Integrity Governance & Compliance Unauthorized LLM Usage AI Model Training IP & Copyright Code Governance & Compliance LLM audit Products AI Detector AI Image Detector Plagiarism Checker Grammar Checker Text Moderation Integrations API Integration LMS Integration Browser Extension Copyleaks for Google Docs Company About Us News & Media Careers Resellers Affiliates Resources Help Center Blog Success Stories AI Detector Testing Methodologies Text Moderation Testing Methodologies Release Notes Linkedin-in Instagram Threads Logo X-twitter Rss Accessibility Compliance Security Practices Terms of Use Privacy Policy Manage Cookies System Status EN EN AR ZH FR DE HI IT JA RU ES TR PT Linkedin-in Instagram Threads Logo X-twitter Rss All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Use .