| Cord Cutters News Facebook X YouTube RSS Feed Search Home Today in TV History Reviews Live TV Services Paramount+ DIRECTV ESPN+ Fubo Hulu + Live TV NBA League Pass NFL Game Pass Philo Pluto TV Sling TV YouTube TV On Demand Services Amazon Prime Video Apple TV+ BritBox Crackle Crunchyroll CuriosityStream Disney+ HBO Max Hulu Kanopy Netflix Starz Tubi Vudu Streaming Devices Amazon Fire TV Stick Amazon Fire TV Cube Apple TV 4K Google Chromecast Google Chromecast Ultra NVIDIA Shield Roku Express Roku Express Plus Roku Premiere Roku Streaming Stick+ Roku Ultra Xfinity Flex All Reviews How to Watch How to Watch Your MLB Team How to Watch Your NFL Team How to Watch Sports on Regional Sports Networks (RSNs) Shows, Movies & Events Become a Cord Cutter Beginner’s Guide to Cord Cutting 2024 Live TV Streaming Services Compared The Ultimate Cord Cutting Guide for Sports Fans Deals Contact Us About Us CCN on YouTube Email Us Terms of Service Latest Posts The Stranger Things Series Finale Premieres Tonight: How to Watch on Roku, Fire TV, Apple TV & More by Jess Barnes December 31, 2025 The fifth and final season of the Netflix series is coming to an end. After the release of Volume 1 on November 26 and Volume 2 on Christmas day, the last installment will start streaming tonight. Season 5 had a three-part release schedule. Over Thanksgiving, Volume 1 saw 59.6 million views in its first five… Read more : The Stranger Things Series Finale Premieres Tonight: How to Watch on Roku, Fire TV, Apple TV & More Roku Smart Projectors Are Over 30% Off Right Now by Jess Barnes December 31, 2025 Thi s fall, Roku launched two new smart projectors with Aurzen, the Aurzen Roku TV Smart Projector D1R Cube in September and the Aurzen Roku TV Smart Projector EAZZE D1R in November. Right now, you can get them both on sale. About the Aurzen Roku TV Smart Projector D1R Cube On Sale for $169.99, Normally $249.99… Read more : Roku Smart Projectors Are Over 30% Off Right Now Stream Into 2026: 5 New Year’s Eve Countdown Specials You Can Watch on Roku, Fire TV, Apple TV & More by Raymond McCain December 31, 2025 The clock is ticking, the ball is ready to drop, and streaming is once again the easiest way to ring in the New Year. Whether you’re hosting a living-room party, counting down from the couch, or just want the best seat in Times Square without the cold, New Year’s Eve 2026 has no shortage of… Read more : Stream Into 2026: 5 New Year’s Eve Countdown Specials You Can Watch on Roku, Fire TV, Apple TV & More Beats Studio Pro Headphones Are Up to 49% Off for Amazon’s Winter Sale by Jess Barnes December 31, 2025 Right now, you can save on the Beats by Dre headphone lineup including earbuds and over the ear headphones. Get a pair to shut out outside noise when you’re working from home, or to listen to your workout playlist when you’re hitting the gym in the new year. The best deal right now is on… Read more : Beats Studio Pro Headphones Are Up to 49% Off for Amazon’s Winter Sale A Major Cable TV Company is Being Sold to Private Equity by Luke Bouma December 31, 2025 On December 31, 2025, DigitalBridge Group, Inc., a prominent global alternative asset manager focused on digital infrastructure investments, and Crestview Partners, a leading private equity firm, successfully finalized their previously announced acquisition of WideOpenWest, Inc., commonly known as WOW!. This take-private transaction removes WOW! from public markets and positions the company for accelerated growth in… Read more : A Major Cable TV Company is Being Sold to Private Equity Comcast Shutting Down Its TV Service, DISH Being Sold, & More – 2026 Cord Cutting Predictions by Luke Bouma December 31, 2025 As the calendar flips to 2026, the cord-cutting trend continues to reshape the media industry at an unprecedented pace. With traditional cable subscriptions plummeting and streaming platforms facing financial pressures, experts anticipate a year of consolidation, closures, and strategic pivots. This evolution stems from rising content costs, subscriber fatigue, and the push toward profitability in… Read more : Comcast Shutting Down Its TV Service, DISH Being Sold, & More – 2026 Cord Cutting Predictions Another Cable TV Network Will Either Be Sold or Shut Down Soon & We Will Know Next Month by Luke Bouma December 31, 2025 The regional sports broadcasting landscape in the United States faces a pivotal moment as DAZN, the global streaming giant known for its extensive coverage of soccer, boxing, and other international sports, stands on the verge of potentially acquiring a majority stake in Main Street Sports Group. This company operates the FanDuel Sports Networks, which serve… Read more : Another Cable TV Network Will Either Be Sold or Shut Down Soon & We Will Know Next Month Faith-Based Media Company Angel Reaches 2 Million Members by Jess Barnes December 30, 2025 Angel, a media company focused on “values-driven” content, announced that it has surpassed the two million member mark ahead of the end of 2025. That’s an increase of over a million members since March 2025. The members, which the company calls its Angel Guild, help choose which films and television series get produced and distributed… Read more : Faith-Based Media Company Angel Reaches 2 Million Members The 75″ Roku Pro Series Smart TV is On Sale for Under $1200 by Cord Cutters News December 30, 2025 Upgrade your home entertainment setup with a post-holiday deal. Right now, the 75″ Roku Pro Series Smart TV is $1198, a 30% drop in price. This deal brings thousands of mini-LED dimming zones, quantum-dot QLED color, Dolby Vision IQ, a 120Hz panel with gaming-friendly features, and Roku’s simple smart TV platform with huge savings. Quick… Read more : The 75″ Roku Pro Series Smart TV is On Sale for Under $1200 Disney Agrees to Pay $10 Million Fine For Violating The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act by Luke Bouma December 30, 2025 The Walt Disney Company has agreed to pay a $10 million civil penalty to settle allegations of violating the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) through its YouTube content practices. The U.S. Department of Justice announced the settlement on December 30, 2025, following a complaint filed in a California federal district court against Disney Worldwide… Read more : Disney Agrees to Pay $10 Million Fine For Violating The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Find More Stories Disclaimer: To address the growing use of ad blockers we now use affiliate links to sites like http://Amazon.com , streaming services, and others. Affiliate links help sites like Cord Cutters News, stay open. Affiliate links cost you nothing but help me support my family. We do not allow paid reviews on this site. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Subscribe to Our Newsletter * indicates required Email Address * Marketing Permissions Please select all the ways you would like to hear from : Email You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website. We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp’s privacy practices here. RSS Feed Facebook Twitter YouTube Home About Us Contact Us News Reviews Deals Become a Cord Cutter Cord Cutters News makes money through affiliate partner links: If you click on a link, we may earn a commission. Our writers and editors create all reviews, news, and other content to inform readers, with no influence from our business team. Learn more about how we make money. We take pains to ensure our site is accurate and up to date, but some information might be different than what you find by visiting a vendor website. © 2025 Cord Cutters News. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Do not sell my info Cookie Policy Privacy Manager We use cookies ( Cookie Policy ) to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Privacy policy