Cordial | Cross-Channel Marketing Platform Cordial joins the shopper context protocol to help brands close the intent divide. Read more Products Cordial Edge TM AI Cross-channel messaging Customer data platform Journey orchestration Personalization Identity resolution Integrations Services Customers Resources Learn more about Cordial Case studies Videos Guides and ebooks Blog Customer support & learning Submit a support ticket Strategy webinars JS Listener documentation API documentation Mobile documentation Integration documentation Log In Get a demo Get a demo Marketing that moves with your customers—not behind them. Consumers tune out when marketing feels like noise. Cordial helps you predict intent, engage in real time, and deliver hyper-relevant experiences—so you win the Battle for Attention. Get a demo How it works Feel like you are losing the Battle for Attention? How Cordial helps you. Consumer attention is scarce and it’s constantly shifting. Start winning the Battle for Attention with Cordial. Predict Intent Listen continuously Unify data Accelerate results Go beyond behavior to predict intent Know why customers act, not just what they do. Go beyond clicks—detect evolving interests, and trends to deliver messages that matter, exactly when they matter. Learn more Engage customers on their terms Be where they are, not where they were. Cordial listens across channels and turns signals into revenue-generating messages in real time. Explore channels Match the message to the moment Dynamic, 1:1 personalization. No lag, outdated segments, or canned messages. Unify and enhance data across your tech stack, turning insights into action. See how Stay ahead with AI + expertise Why choose between software and service? Cordial gives you AI + Automation + Experts to provide trusted guidance so you can navigate change with confidence. View our services 2x to 8x higher revenue per message in less than 8 weeks. With Cordial’s AI personalization. According to Forrester . Get a demo How it works The best brands don’t chase attention. They earn it. See how Cordial clients stay relevant, meet customers where they are, and anticipate their needs. View more Case Study PacSun seamlessly migrated a complex email program, going live in just 38 days Read case study Case Study Orveon drives conversion with product quizzes & personalized recommendations Read case study Case Study Boot Barn intelligently segments customers to send billions of 1:1 emails Read case study Case Study Revolve drives revenue growth with personal, data-driven automations Read case study Case Study Adore Me is shaping the future of personalized shopping Read case study Channels, AI, data, and intent signals all in one platform. Customer data activation Unify and activate customer data in real-time, eliminating the need for a separate customer data platform (CDP). Learn more Triggered messaging Automate personalized triggered messages based on user behaviors, replacing the need for dedicated trigger tech. Learn more Message insights and assistant See how visual, text, tone, and structure features of each message drive revenue performance, and put those insights to work with create-time suggestions and feedback. Learn more Cross-channel messaging Orchestrate targeted email, SMS, and mobile app marketing without the need for standalone email service providers (ESPs) or point solutions. Learn more AI models unique to your brand Reach your customers in ways unique to your brand, with custom AI models generated from your data. Learn more Identity resolution Connect and match user identifiers across channels and devices to create unified customer profiles and eliminate the need for an identity resolution provider. Learn more Brands Battle for Attention as AI Redefines the Funnel Backed by insights from leading marketers and 1,000+ consumers, this report reveals bold strategies for cutting through the noise as legacy tactics fail, consumers tune out, and AI reshapes how people discover and buy. Download the report Ready to win the Battle for Attention? Get a demo How it works Products Products overview Cordial Edge™ AI Cross-channel messaging Customer data platform Journey orchestration Personalization Identity resolution Integrations Services Solutions For Marketing Teams For Technology Teams Resources Resource Library Strategy Webinars Knowledge Base Technical Guide Press Company About Careers Cordial Cares Clients Partners Partner Program Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Security Cookie Settings © 2025 Cordial