HOME - CoreSpace  24/7 SUPPORT 800-976-CORE (2673)  Customer Login Core Products Cloud Colocation Core Extras Storage Backups DDoS Protection Disaster Recovery Company About Us Data Centers Why CoreSpace? News Room Status Request Quote Modernize your Infrastructure superior nextgen cloud speed · agility · service get more for 30% less powered by O p e n S t a c k K u b e r n e t e s V M w a r e At CoreSpace our cloud experts customize and manage OpenStack, Kubernetes and VMware clouds that surpass industry standards for performance, security, scalability, agility, and value.   We offer competitive advantage by providing leading-edge cloud with personalized service and support, designed to make both your infrastructure and your cloud bill futureproof . Superior Nextgen Cloud CoreSpace uses OpenStack, Kubernetes and VMware to design and manage high performance customized clouds that are faster, do more and are more efficient. Developers can easily self-provision additional computing resources in minutes. An open, API-friendly architecture allows for faster integration of current and future assets. Advanced provisioning capabilities allow all of your resources to be easily integrated and governed at central or local levels, allowing for better resource planning. OpenStack is already trusted and in use by great companies Originally invented by NASA in 2009 as a way to tap unused computing resources, OpenStack is a highly versatile, scalable, and cost-effective cloud computing infrastructure that gives small companies performance and room to grow, and grants large companies true enterprise-level cloud abilities such as provisioning and unrestrained scalability. Your infrastructure where you need it We have modernized data centers across the USA and Europe to give you total availability, performance, security, compliance and proximity. Our data centers maintain strict security and control policies, and are third-party audited for SSAE-18, HIPAA and PCI standards. See our Data Centers 24/7 Sales, Support and Expertise We are always available to discuss the different ways we can help your business achieve both lower IT costs and greater productivity. Our technical support specialists are also available whenever you need them, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Our cloud technicians are all trained, certified and supported by Canonical, the industry authority for OpenStack and Kubernetes. Request Quote Core Products Cloud Colocation Core Extras Storage Backups DDoS Protection Disaster Recovery Company About Us Data Centers Why CoreSpace? News Room Legal Status Contact Us  24/7 Support 800-976-CORE (2673) Follow Follow  1-800-976-CORE (2673) l Request a Quote © Copyright 2025 CoreSpace. All rights reserved.