Cornerstone Talent Experience: One platform. Limitless potential. Skip to main content Cornerstone a “Leader” in Forrester Wave™️: Q4 2025 | Find Out Why > Partners Customer Help Community en br de es fr it jp kr mx Toggle Menu Platform Galaxy Platform Build a high-performing, agile workforce. Cornerstone Galaxy AI Powering the entire Galaxy platform. Cornerstone Learn Close compliance gaps and upskill your people. Learning Management Learning Experience Extended Enterprise Content Cornerstone Elevate Foster career mobility and employee growth. Performance Succession Talent Marketplace Recruiting Cornerstone Transform Gain visibility into skills people have and need. Skills Transformation Skill Passport Workforce Intelligence HR Cornerstone Extend Stay future-ready with an open ecosystem. Extend Marketplace Services Unlock the full potential of Cornerstone. Other Products Saba SumTotal TalentLink Solutions Solutions Solutions for small and mid-sized business Build your future ready workforce. Skills & talent-driven HCM By Industry Public sector Adapt and succeed through change. Financial services Minimize risk with skills training. Healthcare Connect skills and patient care. Life sciences Improve compliance and operations. Manufacturing Streamline process and develop skills. Higher education Attract, develop, and retain your faculty and staff. Nonprofit Grow and develop passionate people. Retail Grow and innovate the retail experience. Use Cases Learning aligned to performance Fuel growth with AI-powered learning. Compliance management Ensure regulatory compliance. AI Fluency Get your team AI ready Leadership development and succession planning Develop your future-ready leaders. Content curation Content discovery, curation and insights with Content Studio. Dynamic workforce planning Plan with confidence and agility. Frontline worker development Train and retain your frontline. Internal recruiting and talent mobility Find the right talent, inside and out. Customer & partner training Engage partners and customers. Workplaces for all Build a workplace for everyone. Resources Resource Categories Customer stories Stories from thousands of customers worldwide. Blogs The latest trends and topics. Events and webinars Register or watch on demand. Research and whitepapers In-depth analysis of the latest workforce challenges. eBooks and guides Industry insights and best practices. Product information Product details and features. All resources Browse all resources in our library. By Topic Workforce agility Closing the workforce readiness gap. Skills Powering the workforce of the future. Artificial intelligence Leveraging AI to make people extraordinary. Learning and development Unlocking potential and performance. Career growth Defining a path to success. Workplace culture Inspiring growth and success for all. Company People Leadership team Meet our executive leadership team. Careers View open job opportunities. Global Impact Discover how we're helping transform people and the planet for the better. Corporate Social Responsibility Cornerstone Cares Free and essential learning resources. Cornerstone OnDemand Foundation Strengthening the capacity of non-profits. Company About us Empowering people to be extraordinary. Industry recognition Top ratings from top analysts. Customer success commitment Support focused on your success. News room Press releases, news, and reports. Trust center A future-ready workforce built on trust. Partners Leverage our end-to-end ecosystem. Sport Agility Partnerships Embracing agility alongside our sport partners. Get In Touch Contact Us We have offices all over the world. Customer help Access our customer portals. Partners Customer Help Community Platform Solutions Resources Company en Português Deutsch Español (España) Français Italiano 日本語 한국어 Español (México) Book a Demo The complete AI-platform for human potential Empower your workforce with AI-driven skills for ultimate agility. Book a Demo Explore the Galaxy The undisputed leader in workforce agility 7,000+ 7,000+ customers, 140+ million users in 186 countries 30+ 30+ awards for outstanding product, leadership, and innovation 19x 19x recognized leader by top analyst firms in 2025 Cornerstone Galaxy Upskill faster, adapt smarter, and integrate seamlessly. Cornerstone Learn Rapidly upskill your people and close compliance gaps through AI-powered learning. Capabilities: compliance content development onboarding enablement customer education Learn More Watch Demo Cornerstone Elevate Accelerate employee growth, foster career mobility, and prevent turnover before it happens. Capabilities: mobility retention performance succession recruiting Learn More Watch Demo Cornerstone Transform Gain visibility into the skills your people have today and will need for the future. Capabilities: skills data intelligence strategy analysis insights Learn More Book a Demo The skills and opportunity your workforce wants.  The results your organization expects. 443% average ROI for Cornerstone Galaxy customers $6.2M value of an upskilled employee base over 3 years $8.6M savings in HR productivity over 3 years Develop a skilled workforce faster with AI you can trust Cornerstone Galaxy AI is the AI engine enhancing Cornerstone products and powering agent experiences to help you build a skilled, productive, and agile workforce in months, not years. Learn More One platform for all your HR needs Dynamic workforce planning AI-powered skilling and talent management Skills and talent-driven HCM Compliance training Learning aligned to performance Leadership development and succession planning Internal recruiting and talent mobility Customer and partner training Content curation Workplaces for all Frontline worker development AI Fluency Why workforce agility To adapt to how fast work changes, build a workforce ready for anything. Learn the right skills quickly Align organizational and people goals Design the workforce you need Learn More Customers succeeding across the Galaxy Learn More 80% to 90% Monthly usage after implementing Cornerstone Our speed to competency was shortened from 1.5 years to 90 days and is still shortening. Cristy Mangin Manager of Technology and Administration, Roche Learn More Learn More 200% Increase in conversion rate for those engaged in onboarding program Cornerstone allows our agents to learn at their own pace and apply their learning to other productive activities.” Matthew Cook Sales Training & Delivery Consultant, Aflac Learn More Learn More 76% Self-directed learning makes up 76% of all learning consumed We’ve seen four times as many course completions in the past eight months than the previous financial year with other providers.” Rory O’Callaghan Learning and Development Leader, Konica Minolta Learn More See all customer stories Featured Cornerstone's 2026 predictions report Whitepaper Cornerstone's 2026 predictions report The pace of workforce transformation is compounding. AI has become embedded in daily work, yet most organizations still ... Read Now Editor's picks The Forrester Wave™: Learning Management Systems and Experience Platforms, Q4 2025 Research The Forrester Wave™: Learning Management Systems and Experience Platforms, Q4 2025 Read Now Unleash the power of Cornerstone HCM — take the tour Product Tour Unleash the power of Cornerstone HCM — take the tour Read Now Cornerstone Galaxy Demo Demo Cornerstone Galaxy Demo See Demo Experience the most advanced workforce learning, development, and intelligence platform Book a Demo Explore the Galaxy Cornerstone Galaxy, the complete AI-powered Workforce Agility platform, allows organizations to identify skills gaps and development opportunities, retain and engage top talent, and provide multi-modal learning experiences to meet the diverse needs of the modern workforce. Book a Demo GET IN TOUCH Contact Us Community & Support PLATFORM Galaxy Platform Cornerstone Galaxy AI Cornerstone Learn Learning Management Learning Experience Extended Enterprise Cornerstone Content Cornerstone Elevate Performance Succession Talent Marketplace Recruiting Cornerstone Transform Services Skills Transformation Skills Passport Workforce Intelligence HR Integrations & APIs Cornerstone Extend Extend Marketplace Services Saba SumTotal TalentLink SOLUTIONS Solutions for Small and Mid-Sized Business Skills & Talent-Driven HCM USE CASES Learning Aligned to Performance Compliance Management Customer & Partner Training Content Curation Dynamic Workforce Planning Frontline Worker Development Leadership Development & Succession Planning Internal Recruiting & Talent Mobility Workplaces for All BY INDUSTRY Public Sector Financial Services Healthcare Life Sciences Manufacturing Higher Education Retail Non-Profit COMPANY Leadership Team Cornerstone Talent Experience Committed to Customer Success Customer Stories About Us Cornerstone + EdCast Foundation Cornerstone Cares News Room Careers Partners Global Impact Awards & Recognition Accessibility RESOURCES Resource Corner Events & Webinars Blog & Articles © Cornerstone 2025 Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Statement Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information