American Counseling Association - Home for professional counseling Store Connect My ACA Welcome My Account Logout Login Learn About Counseling What Is Counseling? Counselor Stories Counseling Impact Provider Directories Counseling Corner Membership Join Now Value of Membership Membership Tiers Awards Membership Savings Program Advocacy About Our Advocacy Advocacy Updates Federal Issues Medicare Coverage for Counseling State Issues Counseling Compact Take Action Resources Events &Education Events ACA Conference & Expo Continuing Education Publications & News About Our Publications Books Counseling Journals Journal of Counseling & Development The Career Development Quarterly Counselor Education and Supervision Journal of Addictions & Offender Counseling Journal of Employment Counseling The Journal of Humanistic Counseling The Journal of Multicultural Counseling and Development Counseling Today Magazine Media Center Resources Ethics Topics Professional Counseling Assessment, Diagnosis & Treatment Cultural Identities, Multiculturalism & Diversity Special Considerations Modalities Licensure Requirements Practice Briefs Research & Reports Competencies & Exemplary Practices Career Central About ACA Who We Are Meet Our Staff Leadership & Governance New Governance Model Elections Divisions, Regions and Branches Strategic Plan Values & Statements Media Kit ACA Foundation Work at ACA! Partnerships Year in Review Your home for professional counseling Advancing the counseling profession , mental health and well-being through education, advocacy, community, inclusion and research. Learn more about our mission ACA Awards Open Recognize excellence in the profession. Nominate or apply today. Call for Contributors Open Add your voice to the second edition of The ACA Encyclopedia of Counseling. TAKE ACTION Federal Student Loan Caps Threaten Access to Counseling Programs Starting July 1, 2026, as part of provisions in the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), the U.S. Department of Education (ED) could begin making significant changes to federal student loan limits. Under these guidelines, non-doctorate counseling programs are considered graduate programs, and therefore capping student borrowing power to $20,500 a year in federal student loans. LEARN MORE What Is the Counseling Compact? The Counseling Compact is an agreement among states to legislatively recognize other states’ counseling licenses. » Learn more about the Compact Latest Update: Ability to Practice Across State Lines Now a Reality for Thousands ofProfessional Counselors Sep 30, 2025 Track Our Progress & Learn More Forthcoming Book Releases ACA books support your education, research and practice needs across the full spectrum of the counseling profession and the populations they serve. Our winter 2025/spring 2026 lineup highlights diverse voices and valuable research that will inform, empower and elevate your practice. See all our upcoming releases and sign up to be the first to know when they release! LEARN MORE Latest News Affordable Care Act Marketplace Subsidies Dec 18, 2025 | 3 min read As of Dec. 17, the Affordable Care Act (ACA) Marketplace subsidies have not been extended.Despite weeks long debate and several proposed bills, Congress has failed to pass legislation that would extend subsidies for the ACA Marketplace. SUPPORT Act Reauthorization Becomes Law Dec 10, 2025 | 2 min read The SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Reauthorization Act of 2025 (SUPPORT Act) was signed into law on December 1, 2025. The legislation reauthorizes and updates FY2026–FY2030 funding for a range of grant programs. Call for Contributors to  Second Edition of the ACA Encyclopedia of Counseling Nov 24, 2025 | 2 min read The American Counseling Association (ACA) invites applications from qualified contributors for the forthcoming second edition of The ACA Encyclopedia of Counseling, which will be published in 2027 in commemoration of ACA’s 75th anniversary. Take Action: Federal Student Loan Caps Threaten Access to Counseling Programs Nov 21, 2025 | 2 min read As part of provisions in the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), starting July 1, 2026, the Department of Education (ED) could be making significant changes to federal student loan limits. Government Shutdown Ends Nov 13, 2025 | 2 min read After 43 days, the federal government will reopen. Congress has passed, and President Trump has signed, a Continuing Resolution (CR) that will fund the federal government through January 30, ending the longest government shutdown in U.S. history. October Issue of Journal of Counseling & Development Released Today Oct 1, 2025 | 3 min read The October print issue of the Journal of Counseling & Development (JCD), the quarterly flagship journal of the American Counseling Association (ACA), published today. “The October issue is a diverse mix of topics needed by practicing counselors”... Ability to Practice Across State Lines Now a Reality for Thousands ofProfessional Counselors Sep 30, 2025 | 4 min read The American Counseling Association (ACA) today celebrates the launch of the long-awaited Counseling Compact, which allows licensed professional counselors to practice across state lines. Announcing the 2025 Presidential Research Grant Awardees Sep 9, 2025 | 1 min read ACA is thrilled to announce the outstanding research proposals and awardees chosen for the inaugural Presidential Research Grant — an initiative of ACA Past President, Christine Suniti Bhat, PhD, LPC, LSC (OH). In a Challenging Labor Market, Black Women with Disabilities Are Choosing Self-Employment Aug 27, 2025 | 3 min read While the employment landscape for Black women continues to shift, Black women with disabilities are actively pursuing self-employment as a viable career option, according to new research published in the Journal of Multicultural Counseling & Development ACA Fights for Counselor Access to Mental Health Funding Aug 22, 2025 | 1 min read On July 17th, the Department of Education released new guidance on two of the largest Bipartisan Safer Communities Act mental health grants. Journal Special Issue Spotlights Disability in the Black Communityand the Need for Culturally Appropriate Counseling Interventions Aug 7, 2025 | 4 min read People with disabilities often struggle to find licensed professional counselors who have the training needed to help them navigate their unique challenges and circumstances. Black people with disabilities — whose conditions are compounded by race... The Impact of the ‘One Big Beautiful Bill’ on Counselors and Mental Health Care Jul 11, 2025 | 5 min read On July 4, President Trump signed H.R. 1 (known as the One Big Beautiful Bill) into law. The legislation will have significant effects on education and health care in addition to other policy areas. Indiana Counselors: Take Action to Stave Off Reimbursement Rate Cuts Jul 8, 2025 | 1 min read Anthem/Carelon collaboration has stoked concerns of a nearly 50% reduction in reimbursement rates for counseling services. Contact your lawmaker to ensure these reductions stay off the table. M. Elsa Soto Leggett Begins Term as American Counseling Association President Jul 2, 2025 | 3 min read Elsa Soto Leggett, PhD, LPC-S, RPT-S, professor and practicum/internship coordinator at Truman State University and sole proprietor of Shelter Counseling and Supervision, began her term as ACA 2025–2026 president on July 1. Nevada Becomes 38th State to Sign Interstate Counseling Compact into Law Jun 16, 2025 | 2 min read The dream of many licensed professional counselors to practice across state lines continues to move forward with Governor Joe Lombardo signing into law his state's Counseling Compact legislation. Proposed Health and Human Services Budget Jun 11, 2025 | 2 min read On May 30, the Trump-Vance Administration released its proposed budget for the Health and Human Services (HHS) Department. American Counseling Association Adds Upheal to Prestigious Strategic Partner Network May 22, 2025 | 2 min read The American Counseling Association is pleased to announce that Upheal has been selected to join the ACA Strategic Partner Network. Launched in 2024, the Strategic Partner Network provides companies with a year-long engagement with ACA members... Call for Editors: Second Edition of The ACA Encyclopedia of Counseling May 13, 2025 | 2 min read In celebration of the American Counseling Association’s 75th anniversary in 2027, ACA is pleased to announce the development of a fully revised and expanded second edition of the ACA Encyclopedia of Counseling, originally published in 2009. American Counseling Association Announces Syvonne Carter as Interim CEO May 6, 2025 | 2 min read The American Counseling Association (ACA), the largest U.S. membership organization serving professional counselors and counselors in training, is pleased to announce the appointment of Syvonne Carter as Interim Chief Executive Officer. Executive Order on College Accreditation Process Apr 29, 2025 | 2 min read On April 23, 2025, the Trump Administration issued an Executive Order (EO) and fact sheet directing an “overhaul” of the college accreditation process, stating that universities must maintain accreditation to receive federal financial aid. Go To Media Center Advertisement 2461 Eisenhower Avenue, Suite 300, Alexandria, Va. 22314 | 800-347-6647 | (fax) 800-473-2329 My ACA Join Now Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use © All Rights Reserved.