CountyOffice.org: Public Records & Gov Services - Property, Criminal, More Login ☰ Criminal Records Property Records Public Records Government Offices Free Account Benefits: 🏠 Unlock property owner names, sale prices, mortgage details ✨ 100% free - no credit card or payment needed 🔍 Enjoy increased daily address searches 🎁 Get free daily property unlocks 🚫 Request a property record opt-out Learn more about account features and benefits → Create a Free Account Create a Free Account To get started we'll need a bit of information, you'll then be prompted to create a new Passkey. Email Address After registration we'll send a link to your email which you'll need to click to activate your account. Full Name Your full name is required for legal reasons, due to the sensitive nature of the data we hold. Create Account with Passkey Passkeys enable you to securely sign in to your CountyOffice.org account using your fingerprint, face, screen lock, or hardware security key. Don't create passkeys on shared devices. By creating an account you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms . Create Your Passkey Follow your device's prompts to create a Passkey using your fingerprint, face recognition, or screen lock. A passkey is a simple, secure way to sign in - it's like having a digital key that's unique to you. Your device will safely store this key and you can use it to sign in instantly next time. 🔒 Extra secure: Unlike passwords, passkeys can't be stolen or guessed - they're protected by your device's security. ✨ Great news: If you use iPhone/Mac or Android, your passkey will automatically sync across your devices through iCloud or Google. Your account will be created as soon as you click "Create My Passkey", if you abandon the process you won't be able to login until you complete the recovery process. Create a Passkey Tip: Only create passkeys on devices you regularly use. You can always add more passkeys later for other devices. Account Created Your account has been created, and you're signed in. We've sent you an email to verify your address, you'll need to click the link in the email to activate your account. Okay, I'll check my email Having trouble signing in to your account? You can start the account recovery process with your email address, you can also use this to add a new passkey to your account if your current device doesn't have one saved. Recover Account Note: You'll need to use the same email address you used to create your account, we'll send you a link to confirm it's really you, then help you get a new passkey setup. New Passkey Process Started We've sent you an email to verify your address, click the link in the email to add a new Passkey to your account. Okay, I'll check my email Already have a Countyoffice.org account? Sign in with Passkey Search Millions of Property Records Get instant access to property records, ownership history, tax records, and more. By submitting this form you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms . Find Public Records and Government Services for free CountyOffice.org helps you get public arrest records, warrants, services, and more directly from local government offices throughout the United States. Criminal Records Property Records Public Records Government Services Comprehensive Property Information at Your Fingertips Empower Your Real Estate Decisions Access millions of property records through our network of trusted resources, including the offices of local and county Clerks , Building Departments , Recorders of Deeds , Tax Assessors , Treasurers & Tax Collectors , and more. Gain Property Insights Research ownership history, sales, land records , assessments, and tax records , plus view deeds and liens, GIS maps , parcel maps, permits, and zoning. Simplify Your Research Gain peace of mind before buying or selling property with comprehensive property record information. Property Records near my current location Browse all Property Records Free Public Records Directory Find What You Need Explore a wide range of public records, including criminal records ( arrest records and mugshots , warrants ) and vital records ( birth records , death records , marriage records , divorce records ). Access Trusted Sources Our robust directory points you toward reputable external sources where you can access public records for free,
        including Courts , DMVs , Jails and Prisons , Police Departments , Sheriff Departments , and more. Public Records near my current location Browse all Public Records Look Up Arrest Records, Locate Inmates, and View Warrants and Mugshots With CountyOffice.org, navigating the complex world of criminal records is simpler than ever.
        We connect you to an extensive network of resources and official guides that make finding criminal records straightforward and accessible. CountyOffice.org helps you find: Arrest Records : Find out if someone has been detained, including details of the arrest and the agency involved. Warrants : Check for any active warrants to understand if there is a legal basis for an arrest. Mugshots : Access mugshot images associated with arrest records. Court Records : Look into anyone’s legal history to review any charges, court cases, and/or convictions and sentencing. Jail and Inmate Records : Find current and past inmate information, including incarceration details, facility locations, visitation information, and release dates. Criminal Records near my current location Browse all Criminal Records Government Offices & Services CountyOffice.org provides the most accurate and up-to-date contact information currently available for local government offices and services in the United States. Our database includes all types of government offices, including animal shelters , fire departments , probation departments , town & city halls , utilities , and more. Connect with Your Local Government Learn about essential services offered by government offices in your area. Search by Location or Service Our user-friendly directory lets you quickly find the specific office or service you need, saving you time. Access Important Information Each listing provides contact information (address, phone numbers, fax and email, hours, map location), service descriptions, and links to valuable resources. Government Offices near my current location Browse all Government Offices About Us Contact Us Advisor Program Privacy Policy 36-17 30th Avenue, Suite 200 New York, New York 11103 332-244-4146 © 2014-2026 CountyOffice.org. All Rights Reserved. CountyOffice.org is an independent provider of public records & government services information. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT ALL TIMES SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THE DISCLAIMERS SET FORTH THEREIN.