Couple Joy - App For Couples | The #1 Relationship App Try for Free Your relationship is about to become 10x better . Over the years, Couple Joy has been the best companion app for thousands of couples around the world. Now it's your turn to try it and turn your relationship into the best you've ever had. Relationship journal Fill your relationship journal with lots of photos, events and memories. Home & Lock screen widgets Keep track of your relationship journey with widgets on lock and home screen. Thousands of questions Do you think you know your partner? Answer thousand of questions to prove it! Build a happier, healthier relationship. Couple Joy has been helping thousands of couples to improve their relationship, communicate better and get to know each other in every stage of their relationship. Get started What our users are saying I love to use this app with my partner! We save our memories there and I like to view them on the map. The questions are also interesting, we find more subjects to talk about. Overall, great app, I recommend it! Jane, Switzerland One of the best couples apps I have ever used! The daily questions are fun and engaging and let me discover unknown things about my partner every day. The app is a must-have, me and my parnter are loving it! Alex, Norway The little widget on the lockscreen is amazing. It lets us know how long we have been together. I've been using this app for a year, it memorizes every place we've lived together and every precious moment of our life as a couple. Léna, France Use widgets to track your relationship. Widgets are an essential part of Couple Joy. They help you track upcoming events, days in love, distance between you two and you can even display the 'memory of the day' inside the widget. Answer thousands of questions Our users loved the questions because they are so well made, hand-crafter and let me learn something new about their partner every single day. Try them to convince yourself! WOULD YOU RATHER? Are you brave enough to answer these spicy questions? 20 QUESTIONS DEEP CONVERSATION Learn more about each other with late night talks. 10 QUESTIONS NEVER HAVE I EVER Discover truths about each other sexual life. 16 QUESTIONS Discover our articles Explore our hand-crafted blog posts that offer engaging questions for couples, ideas, and tools to strengthen your relationship with your partner with every read. New Year’s Eve Traditions for Couples You Have to Try This Year New Year’s Eve traditions for couples can bring a touch of luck to the night. From kissing at midnight to sharing playful superstitions, these rituals help partners reflect on the past year, set intentions for the future, and celebrate their connection in a memorable way. Best 20 Christmas Traditions for Couples, With or Without Kids Looking for ways to make December extra special? Christmas traditions for couples can turn the weeks leading up to Christmas into a season full of fun and lasting memories—for couples with or without kids. These ideas make the holidays something to look forward to every year. The Only Guide Couples Need for Winter Weekend Getaways in Europe + Best Spots to Visit Looking for inspiration for winter weekend getaways with your partner? This guide brings you Europe’s most charming cold-season city breaks, plus practical tips to help you a romantic trip together. Blog Careers Contact Terms Privacy