Skip to content
All Sections
Subscribe Now
Home Page
Daily e-Edition
Evening e-Edition
News
News
Breaking News
Connecticut News
Coronavirus
Health
National News
Politics
Elections
Capitol Watch
En Espanol
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Connecticut Sun
UConn Men
UConn Women
UConn Football
UConn Huskies
Business
Business
Real Estate
Top Workplaces
Consumer Reviews
Opinion
Local News
Local News
Hartford
Glastonbury
West Hartford
Manchester
Farmington
New Britain
Simsbury
Wethersfield
East Hartford
Things to Do
Things to Do
Arts
Horoscopes
CTNow
Food & Drink
Events Calendar
Jobs
Jobs
Find a Job
Place an Ad
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Classifieds
Advertising
Advertising
Valumail

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in
29°F
Tuesday, December 30th 2025

Daily e-Edition

Evening e-Edition

Local News
Politics
Sports
Top Workplaces
Opinion
Business
Things to Do
Obituaries
e-Edition
Advertising
Classifieds

TRENDING:

New, more contagious strain of flu spiking cases in CT ahead of holidays. What you should know.
BREAKING NEWS
CT man dies following snorkeling incident in Hawaii
December 29, 2025 at 1:54 pm
Featured
From Hollywood to a CT emergency shelter. ‘Weirdest year of my life,’ an unhoused man said
A perfect storm of events, the Worcester, Mass., native said, brought him to the shelter and put his life at a standstill.
New lawsuit over ‘affordable housing’ project hits affluent Fairfield County suburb
A cozy CT specialty cafe has a handmade food and coffee mission. ‘Human touch makes things great’
Evaluating the impact of Serah Williams’ transfer as UConn women’s basketball approaches midseason
Plan for adaptive reuse of school in CT town would add 50 ‘affordable’ apartments in historic area
LATEST HEADLINES
Longtime CT diner, one of last of original drive-ins, closes. ‘My heart is truly aching’: customer 11 hours ago
Ring in the New Year in CT with some laughs from improv to stand-up comedy 19 hours ago
Hartford Courant Q&A: Why intellectual property litigation in Connecticut is important 21 hours ago
Police: Woman dies after being struck by car in hit-and-run collision in Waterbury 15 hours ago
CT man allegedly found with cocaine, fentanyl following report of unresponsive person in vehicle 12 hours ago
Wonder what America might look like with zero immigration? Here’s an idea. 21 hours ago
One person taken to hospital following CT apartment fire 16 hours ago

Sign up for email newsletters

SIGN UP
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Longtime CT diner, one of last of original drive-ins, closes. ‘My heart is truly aching’: customer
Longtime CT diner, one of last of original drive-ins, closes. 'My heart is truly aching': customer
New lawsuit over ‘affordable housing’ project hits affluent Fairfield County suburb
New lawsuit over 'affordable housing' project hits affluent Fairfield County suburb
CT man dies following snorkeling incident in Hawaii
CT man dies following snorkeling incident in Hawaii
A cozy CT specialty cafe has a handmade food and coffee mission. ‘Human touch makes things great’
A cozy CT specialty cafe has a handmade food and coffee mission. 'Human touch makes things great'
Two CT runners posted super-fast times to qualify for Olympic Trials. Where do they rank in history?
Two CT runners posted super-fast times to qualify for Olympic Trials. Where do they rank in history?
Plan for adaptive reuse of school in CT town would add 50 ‘affordable’ apartments in historic area
Plan for adaptive reuse of school in CT town would add 50 'affordable' apartments in historic area
7 massive CT development projects to watch in 2026: Housing, hotels, retail and redevelopment
7 massive CT development projects to watch in 2026: Housing, hotels, retail and redevelopment
Evaluating the impact of Serah Williams’ transfer as UConn women’s basketball approaches midseason
Evaluating the impact of Serah Williams' transfer as UConn women's basketball approaches midseason
After Fenway Bowl dud, here’s what’s next for UConn football as Jason Candle era begins
After Fenway Bowl dud, here's what's next for UConn football as Jason Candle era begins
From Hollywood to a CT emergency shelter. ‘Weirdest year of my life,’ an unhoused man said
From Hollywood to a CT emergency shelter. 'Weirdest year of my life,' an unhoused man said
SPORTS
After Fenway Bowl dud, here’s what’s next for UConn football as Jason Candle era begins
As the Jim Mora chapter closes, the Jason Candle era begins for the UConn football program. Candle has already reportedly made several hires for his 2026 staff.
UConn women’s basketball forward Blanca Quinonez earns fifth Big East Freshman of the Week honor
Two CT runners posted super-fast times to qualify for Olympic Trials. Where do they rank in history?
Best women’s programs during poll era? UConn, Tennessee head all-time Top 25 with some surprises
CONNECTICUT NEWS
CT man suffers life-threatening injuries in crash after vehicle strikes tree in Waterbury
Police said the driver was critically injured and two passengers were hospitalized after their vehicle crashed into a tree.
Suspect in fatal stabbing in Waterbury arrested, charged with murder
CT man dies following snorkeling incident in Hawaii
Firefighters put out structure fire in Rocky Hill after finding frozen hydrant
DONALD TRUMP
National Guard to patrol New Orleans for New Year’s a year after deadly attack
The Guard is expected be confined to the French Quarter area popular with tourists.
US military carries out 30th strike on alleged drug boat
These former members of Congress are seeking comebacks in 2026
Trump administration rolls out rural health funding, with strings attached
FREE FUN & GAMES
Jumble Daily
Daily Crossword
Daily Solitaire
Daily Sudoku
PHOTOS
PHOTOS: Connecticut Children’s new clinical tower
The Connecticut Children’s new clinical tower is officially open during a ribbon-cutting ceremony on Thursday, Dec. 4, 2025.
PHOTOS: Southington moves past Glastonbury in Class LL football playoffs
PHOTOS: Connecticut in November
PHOTOS: Sarah Brightman at Mohegan Sun Arena
PHOTOS: Seasonal fun in CT with free carriage rides and ice skating
PHOTOS: Shoppers hunt Black Friday deals at CT mall
PHOTOS: ECSU’s annual Day of Giving
SHOW MORE PHOTOS
ENTERTAINMENT
How TV shows like ‘Mo’ and ‘Muslim Matchmaker’ allow Arab and Muslim Americans to tell their stories
A wave of TV shows aim to tell authentic stories without relying on stereotypes.
Chevy Chase is under the spotlight in a new documentary, warts and all — and he’s OK with it
Former world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua is ‘stable’ after 2 die in car accident in Nigeria
Tyler Perry’s accuser sent messages of gratitude and friendship years after alleged assault
BUSINESS
Struggling to set 2026 financial goals? Get an AI assist
Here’s how to get the most out of AI tools.
Stocks slip on Wall Street as 2025 winds down
US Lukoil gas station owners left in limbo over Russia sanctions
Property of the week: Elegant CT Tudor designed by award-winning architect on landscaped property
OPINION
Opinion: For a CT doctor, all patients are sacred
These episodes from long ago still pop up in my memory. 
Opinion: The kind of Democrat Connecticut needs
Kevin Rennie: In a bewildering time of machinations, the CT public faces new heavy burden
Robert B. Reich: ‘You look great’. Why do we feel compelled to say it?
NATIONAL NEWS
Rain could be an unwelcome entry at the Rose Parade on New Year’s Day
It has rained only 10 times in the parade’s history, a spokesperson said.
The moon and sun figure big in the new year’s lineup of cosmic wonders
Diddy’s 2 sons break their silence with a new doc
Homeland Security says a fraud investigation is underway in Minneapolis
THINGS TO DO
Daily Horoscope for December 30, 2025
Limits shape our choices. With chatty Mercury squaring restrictive Saturn at 2:15 AM EST, we...
Gordon Ramsay’s daughter Holly weds Olympic swimmer Adam Peaty
Recipe: Sweet and spicy Korean fried chicken will fire you up
Miami Beach resident Gloria Estefan honored at Grammy celebration of Latin music
BEST REVIEWS
Best jar opener
Jar openers provide grip and leverage to help you open a wide range of containers.
Grasso’s Garage: 2025 Honda Prologue SUV is a win for EVs
Best forehead thermometer
Best TiVo device
LOCAL NEWS
Mammograms may reveal hidden heart risks for women, Penn State study finds
Routine mammograms are best known as a front-line tool for detecting breast cancer. But new...
8 ways AI affected pop culture in 2025. Think movies, music, celebrities who left us
UConn women’s basketball dismantles Butler 94-47 after early deficit to stay undefeated in Big East
CT boy, 15, shot to death in Bronx NYCHA complex, second boy wounded
Events
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
Chicago Tribune
New York Daily News
Sun Sentinel of Fla.
Daily Press of Va.
Orlando Sentinel
The Morning Call of Pa.
The Virginian-Pilot
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
Archive
Contact Us
About Us at the Hartford Courant
Classifieds
Careers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Service
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Subscriber Terms
ADVERTISING
Place an Ad
Local print ads
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Hartford Courant