Pickleball & Tennis Club Management Software | CourtReserve Skip to content For Clubs For Players Product All Features Court Reservations Events & Programming Branded Mobile App Leagues & Ladders Integrations Lessons Pro Shop & POS Memberships Invoicing & Batch Billing Access Control Latest Releases All Release Notes New Integration: Swish New Integration: PourMyBev New Integration: SaveMyPlay All Release Notes Pricing How it Works Solutions By Industry Tennis Pickleball By Role Owners Directors Front Desk Instructors Players For Multi-Locations Read the Guide Resources Learn Blog Ebooks Webinars Case Studies Connect About Careers Events & Shows Catalyst User Conference Support Contact Us Help Center The Ultimate Court Reservation  Software Buyers Guide Read the Guide M Login Contact Sales Login Contact Sales FOR RACQUET & PADDLE SPORTS FACILITIES Run your club the right way CourtReserve powers reservations, memberships, and programs for racquet and paddle sports — trusted by thousands of clubs and built to work across locations, staff, and devices. Try it free. Contact Sales Player Login Clubs and players love CourtReserve 2,000+ Clubs 5M+ Players 25M+ Reservations CourtReserve's top features for clubs Court Reservations Lessons Events & Programming Memberships Leagues & Ladders Branded Mobile App Invoicing & Batch Billing Pro Shop & POS Integrations Explore all Features Meet CourtReserve (0:58) What clubs are saying about CourtReserve "CourtReserve provides the flexibility to scale while ensuring all locations run smoothly." Source "CourtReserve is a total game changer. Its had a huge positive impact on our club." Source "We looked at others, but, it wasn’t even close. CourtReserve was an easy decision.” Source OUR GUARANTEES The CourtReserve Promise Generous free trial, no upfront costs Experience CourtReserve free of charge, no credit card required. Try it with your team, and see if it’s the right fit. Guided implementation We’ll guide your onboarding, customize your account, and help you launch with success. Expert US-based support Live chat support available daily: Mon–Fri 9 AM–8 PM EST,  Sat–Sun 9 AM–5 PM EST. Transparent subscription pricing Clear, straightforward pricing with no surprises. 90-day satisfaction guarantee Try our plans risk-free and experience the difference. PLAYER EXPERIENCE Players feel the CourtReserve difference Clubs rely on outdated, even manual methods. CourtReserve has the features your community craves: Book Pay Replay Available on iOS and Android Find your club, search, and book From court reservations to payments, you can do it all Court Reservations Players book courts in seconds. Lessons & Book a Pro Pack pros’ calendars automatically. Events & Programs Fill every event — no calls needed. Pro Shop & POS Sell gear courtside; stock auto-updates. Payments: Invoices & Billing Auto-invoice and billing helps your books stay tidy. Branded Mobile App Your club lives in your players' pockets. Memberships Choose, pay and renew without paperwork. Leagues & Ladders Run ladders that keep players hooked. Explore all Features A Plan for every Club Try our Grow plan You’ll get full access to everything you need to test CourtReserve — no credit card required. Explore the platform, try it with your team, and see if it’s the right fit. Have questions? We’re here to help. Guided setup* Subscription pricing** Live support & training on-demand * Terms apply. ** Unless otherwise stated. Grow 🔥 Most Popular $199 /month Premium features and financial tools for your growing club. Contact Sales See all Plans Recognized by industry operators, trusted by partners, loved by players “Extremely robust” The system is extremely robust on the admin side with new features and improvements done a continuous basis as requested by administrators. Our players love the app, appreciate its ease of use to register for events and manage accounts. Christy Howden , Wolverine Pickleball Play Video Brian Lee The Shed Pickleball It was and is simply the best product out there! I am in this business over 40 years and there has not been a product as thoroughly created, which is continuously updated. Steven N. , Club Pro Amazing! Has saved me a ton of time, money and our members love the app! Alastair M. , The Supreme Court Tennis Erica Rosenburg The Club at Monroe I’ve worked with now three software systems in my 7 year career in club management. By far, CourtReserve has delivered a product that we will be sticking with for the long haul. Chris Jaques , Hollow Rock Racquet & Swim CourtReserve has made managing courts for our membership clean and simple while at the same time feature-rich and customizable. Kevin C. , Head Tennis Pro Load more See more Love NEW TO COURTRESERVE? Get started with 3 easy steps 1 Free trial & call Activate your CourtReserve trial & meet your Account Executive. 2 Guided setup Office hours, and team training included. 3 Go live Ongoing support and access to new features. Contact Sales Helpful resources Help Center Visit the Help Center CourtReserve Integrations View all Integrations Customer Support Contact our team Get started with  CourtReserve We help racquet and paddle sports clubs simplify operations, grow membership, and create better player experiences. Start Here See Plans Top Features Court Reservations Lessons Event & Programming Memberships Invoicing & Batch Billing Mobile App Leagues & Ladders Pro Shop & POS Integrations Remote Access All Features Solutions Club Owners Directors Front Desk Instructors Players Pickleball Tennis Company About Careers Events & Shows Catalyst Conference Hey AI, learn about us Resources Blog Ebooks Webinars Case Studies Wall of Love Help Center Contact Us [email protected] +1 (844) 407-3737 Follow CourtReserve Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2016-2025 CourtReserve.com 100 Island Cottage Way, St. Augustine, FL 32080 Start Here