Log in to CasePortal
Search Articles
Free Litigation Reports
Find Judicial Opinions

Tuesday, December 30, 2025

View Back issues
Business
Courts
Economy
Entertainment
Op-Ed
Politics
Podcast
Science
Trials
More
Rulings in Charlie Kirk murder case affect public record access

By Alan Riquelmy

New Jersey Democrat McIver to appeal ‘baseless’ ICE assault charges

By Erik Uebelacker

Doctors' effort to end bias training won't get Ninth Circuit rehearing

By Hillel Aron

Arizona couple plead guilty to health fraud scam, stocking firearms for civil war

By Jackson Healy

Class action over contamination from old railyard to stay in federal court

By Alan Riquelmy

LA man pleads not guilty to throwing Molotov cocktails into federal building

By Edvard Pettersson

Rural California county settles on policy halting discriminatory traffic stops

By Carly Nairn

Kurti reelected in Kosovo, ending political impasse

Kosovo, Europe's newest country, has gone without a functioning government for months. Snap elections gave Prime Minister Albin Kurti the votes to end the deadlock.

By Cain Burdeau

Judge allows HHS to share basic info with ICE for immigration enforcement

The agencies will be allowed to share basic biographical, location and contact information, but are prohibited from sharing any additional information.

By Margaret Attridge

Immigrants allowed to continue challenge against ICE courthouse arrests

By Jeremy Yurow

San Francisco man sues city, police department over Flock camera surveillance

By Margaret Attridge

Column
Be nice

The State Bar of California now requires an annual civility oath. What does this mean?

By Milt Policzer

Podcast
New on Sidebar: From Diddy to the deli, 2025 in review
What You Read — Our Most Clicked Stories in 2025
Judge reaffirms removing protections from Venezuelans was illegal

By Hillel Aron

Woman arrested in Omaha meatpacking plant raid sues over detention despite judge’s release order

By Andrew J. Nelson

Rape allegations refiled against Trump

By Josh Russell

Closing Arguments

A roundup of our top stories, delivered Fridays to your inbox.

Subscribe for free here!
Virginia Senate passes bill requiring animal testing facilities to send unneeded primates to sanctuaries

By Joe Dodson

KFC franchisee loses fight to market chicken as Muslim-friendly

By Lorraine Bailey

Under the Lights

A monthly recap of legal news from the worlds of entertainment and sports, right to your inbox.

Click to subscribe for free!
Most Popular
Judge blocks California schools from enforcing policy preventing 'forced outing'

By Quinn Welsch

Judge gifts Ábrego García holiday reprieve from ICE

By Ryan Knappenberger

Multiple studies rebut previous claims about turbulence in Vincent van Gogh’s 'The Starry Night'

By Cameron Thompson

DOJ sues Fulton County for ballots from 2020 election, other states for voter rolls

By Megan Butler

Court watchers give SCOTUS poor marks as Trump bulldozes judiciary in 2025

By Kelsey Reichmann

Virginia sues prescription drug middlemen over costs of diabetes medicine

By Joe Dodson

Environmentalists seek protections for Malaysian tarantula targeted by illegal pet trade

By Joe Dodson

From the Walt Girdner Studio
Rulings & Quick Hits

by Daniel Conrad and Courthouse News staff

Amazon can't pause NLRB case

Amazon.com is not entitled to block a National Labor Relations Board administrative proceeding over whether it was a “joint employer” of certain contract drivers and required to bargain with their union, the Ninth Circuit ruled. Amazon had asked to pause the case while it pursued a constitutional challenge to job protections for NLRB members and administrative law judges, but the court said the Norris-LaGuardia Act bars federal courts from issuing injunctions involving or arising out of labor disputes.

Horsepower claims get disclaimers

Joneca Company must add disclaimers on its sales materials and packaging that market its garbage disposals with horsepower designations, a panel of the Ninth Circuit ruled, upholding the lower court’s preliminary injunction in favor of competitor InSinkErator in its false advertisement suit. The appeals court found no reason to overturn the lower court’s ruling that InSinkErator was likely to show that Joneca’s horsepower claims were “literally false” and that consumers would likely be influenced by the claims when deciding which disposal to purchase.

Rights to 'White Privilege Card'

The creator of the “White Privilege Card” novelty identification cards is entitled to an injunction prohibiting others from using his trademark to sell counterfeit products, a federal judge in Florida ruled. The trademark owner has identified more than 100 sellers who have advertised products containing his “White Privilege Card” mark on third-party platforms like eBay, Etsy, Amazon and TikTok, and is likely to succeed on his infringement claims.

Alcohol testing for violent cop

Massachusetts’ high court upheld the denial of a North Andover police officer’s motion for extraordinary relief. Two days after a violent, intoxicated episode with her former fiancee at a party, police came to her house to serve an abuse prevention order. She pointed a gun at one officer’s chest and pulled the trigger, but the gun did not fire and she was shot in the chest while attempting to rack a bullet. She must be tested for alcohol through a secure continuous remote alcohol monitor, and while the testing is painful for her due to her medical conditions, it is necessary for the safety of her community. Urine testing is not a feasible alternative.

1st Circuit: City wrongly removed flags from City Hall

The First Circuit found the city of Nashua, New Hampshire, violated the First Amendment when it allowed citizens to fly flags outside city hall but removed any flags with messages it didn’t like, namely a “Save Women’s Sports” flag it characterized as anti-trans discrimination. This was impermissible viewpoint discrimination, since the flags constituted citizens’ speech, not the government’s speech.

Bourbon Street attack

The family of a victim of the New Year's attack, along with a survivor, say that the city and others involved in the planning of celebrations on Bourbon Street did not implement safety measures and left the street vulnerable to someone driving through it and hitting pedestrians.

Vacation rentals

A group of Maui residents say that a recently enacted bill phasing out transient vacation rentals in the county conflicts with their vested property rights, along with their due process and equal protection rights under the Hawaii constitution.

Croc competition

Shoe company Joybees claims that Crocs has been falsely promoting shoes with expired patents to make it seem like its clog designs are exclusive to Crocs, to maintain an edge over others that sell similar styles of molded footwear.

Elevator death lawsuit

Trevor and Paige Overstreet sued Gold Mine Tours Inc., claiming they suffered serious physical and psychological injuries during an October 2024 tour when a malfunctioning elevator at the Mollie Kathleen Mine killed their guide and exposed them to trauma, debris and the guide’s blood.

More News
US offered Kyiv 15 years of security guarantees, Zelenskyy says
Myanmar pro-military party claims huge lead in junta-run poll
China holds military drills around Taiwan simulating ports blockade
Thai army accuses Cambodia of violating truce with over 250 drones
Iran Central Bank governor resigns as protests erupt over currency drop
Russia opens rebuilt Mariupol theater more than 3 years after Moscow airstrike killed hundreds there
US pledges $2 billion for UN humanitarian aid as Trump warns agencies must 'adapt or die'
Official says 6 Islamic State militants and 3 police officers killed in clash in northwest Turkey
Places
“The Shard” dominates the London skyline, as seen on this frigid night in early January 2019. The 72-story skyscraper reaches 1,016 feet into the sky, making it the tallest building in the United Kingdom and the seventh tallest in Europe. It currently houses a hotel, several restaurants, the Warwick Business School, numerous law offices including Greenberg Traurig, and the largest Al Jazeera broadcasting hub outside its home base of Qatar. (William Dotinga/Courthouse News)
About Us/
Masthead/
Advertise/
Subscriber Support/
Careers
Connect with us on our social channels:   
© 2025, Courthouse News Service
Terms of Use  •  Privacy Policy  •  Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information