Court TV - Live Trials, Crime News, Courtroom Reporting Follow Us Watch Live Crime & Trial News Videos Livestreams Latest Videos YouTube Series & Specials Trials to Binge Podcasts The Court TV Podcast Menendez Brothers Podcast Legendary Trials Menendez Brothers Depp v. Heard SC v. Alex Murdaugh Trial Archives Library Shows Interview with a Killer Victim to Verdict Opening Statements with Julie Grant Closing Arguments with Vinnie Politan Vinnie Politan Investigates On the Record with Cody Thomas Talent All Shows License Trials Find Us More results... Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors Watch Live Watch Live Watch Live Crime & Trial News Videos Livestreams Latest Videos YouTube Series & Specials Trials to Binge Podcasts The Court TV Podcast Menendez Brothers Podcast Legendary Trials Menendez Brothers Depp v. Heard SC v. Alex Murdaugh Trial Archives Library Shows Interview with a Killer Victim to Verdict Opening Statements with Julie Grant Closing Arguments with Vinnie Politan Vinnie Politan Investigates On the Record with Cody Thomas Talent All Shows License Trials Find Us More results... Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors Court TV's most anticipated trials of 2026 Weird Science: The strangest expert witnesses of 2025 Defendants who took the stand in 2025 Court TV's top verdicts of 2025 ON NOW COURT TV LIVE Court TV brings you inside the courtroom for the most compelling cases across the country with in-depth investigative reporting and expert legal analysis. Court TV's most anticipated trials of 2026 Weird Science: The strangest expert witnesses of 2025 Defendants who took the stand in 2025 Court TV's top verdicts of 2025 The Latest News View All Minnesota man charged with murdering girlfriend on Christmas Eve Demarco Marquie Jones faces one count of second-degree intentional murder in connection with the death of Tatianna Marie Ehnes-Giles. More Body found during search for Texas teen missing since Christmas Eve UPDATE: A body has been found during the search for missing Texas teen Camila Mendoza Olmos, who disappeared on Christmas Eve. More NFL star Stefon Diggs facing charges, including strangulation Stefon Diggs’ lawyer said in an emailed statement that Diggs 'categorically denies these allegations.' More Defense for ex-sheriff Shawn Stines seeks to remove judge in murder case Former Letcher County Sheriff Shawn 'Mickey' Stines is asking for a new judge in his murder case, claiming the current judge cannot be impartial. More Parents of student killed at Ky. State University facing charges Probable cause affidavits detailed that the charges stem from Facebook posts Dejon Darrell Fox and Chardnae Cleveland allegedly made after their son was fatally shot. More Judge orders release of closed hearing transcript in Tyler Robinson case A judge ruled media can access parts of a sealed hearing in the Charlie Kirk murder case, while allowing redactions over courtroom security concerns. More Man accused in killing of Tupac Shakur seeks to suppress evidence Duane 'Keefe D' Davis' attorneys are pushing to suppress evidence that was collected in what they say was an unlawful nighttime search. More Weird Science: The strangest expert witnesses of 2025 Dog bites, drip stains, and flaming pants—Court TV spotlights the weirdest expert witness moments of 2025. More Final phase of hearing in Zach Adams’ bid for new trial ends The last phase of a post-conviction hearing for Zachary Adams, convicted of killing Holly Bobo, ended Monday. A ruling is expected in 90 days. More Professor accused of murdering pregnant mistress, setting home on fire UPDATE: Prosecutors refiled charges against Matthew Sierra, accused of murdering his pregnant mistress and setting her home on fire. More Court TV’s most anticipated trials of 2026 From murder conspiracies to accused killer spouses, Court TV is bringing viewers inside the courtroom for the most high-profile trials across the country. More Prosecutors won’t seek death penalty for Melodee Buzzard’s murder Ashlee Buzzard pleaded not guilty to charges she murdered her daughter, Melodee Buzzard, at a brief court appearance. More Teen suspect in stepsister’s cruise ship death doesn’t remember anything: Court docs Court documents reveal text exchanges between the parents of a teenager suspected of killing his stepsister, Anna Kepner, on a cruise. More Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs seeks immediate release from prison in new appeal Sean 'Diddy' Combs' attorneys asked for his immediate release from prison, saying he was treated harshly at sentencing. More Colo. mother accused of killing 2 kids back in US custody A mother accused of killing her two youngest children in 2023 is back in the United States after she was extradited from the U.K. More Grand jury declines to indict gunman in deadly shooting on KSU campus A grand jury declined to indict Jacob Lee Bard for the shooting that killed one person and injured another, finding he acted in self-defense. More Former police officer granted pretrial release after more than 100 days in jail Kelsey Fitzsimmons returned to court after revealing she is now able to comply with mandated alcohol testing. More Ashlee Buzzard rearrested after missing daughter’s body found Ashlee Buzzard was arrested on suspicion of murder after DNA positively identified remains found in Utah as her missing daughter, Melodee. More Charlie Adelson will return to court in bid for new trial for Dan Markel’s murder Oral arguments are scheduled for February as Charlie Adelson appeals his conviction for the murder of his ex-brother-in-law, Dan Markel. More Morgan Geyser waives revocation hearing, will serve rest of sentence Morgan Geyser, one of the women behind the 2014 Slender Man stabbing, was in court for a hearing after escaping her group home in November. More Tatyana Remley, convicted in murder-for-hire plot, dies by suicide Tatyana Remley previously pleaded guilty to and served time for solicitation to commit murder in a plot to kill her estranged husband. More Judge refuses to lower bond for woman accused of hitting officer with car A judge refused to lower bond for Katrina Kitzman, currently set at $50,000, citing a risk to public safety. More Army sergeant pleads not guilty in shooting at Fort Stewart Court docs say one of the victims in a shooting at Fort Stewart was Sgt. Quornelius Radford's 'intimate partner.' More Luigi Mangione‘s lawyers fight death penalty in federal case Luigi Mangione‘s lawyers say Attorney General Pam Bondi’s death penalty decision was tainted by conflict of interest. More Investigation continues into disappearance of Melodee Buzzard It's been more than two months since 9-year-old Melodee Buzzard was seen as a search for her continues in California. More Woman murdered ex, drove to next county and murdered another: Police Police say Susan Avalon shot her ex in Hillsborough County before driving to Manatee County and shooting her other ex-husband in his home. More Police: TN teen shot, killed ex-girlfriend as she jumped from moving car Hunter Jackson, 18, is accused of shooting and killing his 17-year-old ex-girlfriend as she tried to jump from a moving vehicle. More Court TV’s top verdicts of 2025 From Karen Read's high-stakes retrial to the sprawling Adelson family murder-for-hire plot, 2025 featured shocking verdicts across the country. More More News COURT COVERAGE Court TV’s Top 10 Trials of 2025 Court TV’s Top Plea Deals of 2025 NFL Star Stefon Diggs Faces Strangulation, Assault Charges Court TV’s Top Trials of 2025 Ex-Sheriff Shawn Stines Wants Judge Removed from Murder Case Body & Gun Found During Search for Camila Olmos Court TV’s Top 10 Best Moments of 2025 Newsletter Sign Up SUBMIT Site Navigation Sitemap Watch Live Latest Crime and Trial News Courtroom Coverage Trial Archives Shows Find Us Court TV UK Information About Us Talent Digital Team Contact Us Licensing Requests Submit a Case Tip Press Scripps Media and Trust Center Privacy & Terms Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info Privacy Center Terms of Use Privacy Preferences Follow Us © 2026 Court TV Media LLC, part of The E.W. Scripps Company. All Rights Reserved.