News
Sports
Life
Opinion
Real Estate
Advertise
Obituaries
eNewspaper
Legals
Where is UofL basketball in the top-25 polls entering ACC play?
Missing Rockcastle Co. girl found in Maryland, police say
Someone in Kentucky is a Mega Millions winner! What we know
Mikel Brown Jr. probable, Kasean Pryor out for Louisville at Cal
Watch Now
Featured
See the best of Kentucky Wildcats football 2025 season       
Best photos of 2025 in Louisville from Jeff Faughender       
SEE IT: Best photos from around Louisville, Kentucky…       
More Stories
Will Stein's UK staff is coming together. Meet the…
UofL football needs to target these spots when transfer…
Meet boys athlete of the week nominees: Who's getting…
Meet girls athlete of the week nominees: Who's getting…
Severe weather possible in Louisville amid gusty winds, rain showers
Shopping
Amazon's New Year shop is live! Save on fitness gear, home upgrades 
Plan 2026 with the new Disney Mickey Mouse drop from Happy Journal 
Get your Bears vs. Lions NFL Week 18 tickets now 
News
Missing Rockcastle Co. girl found in Maryland, police say 
Someone in Kentucky is a Mega Millions winner! What we know 
NWS: Louisville getting 'reintroduction' to winter with cold temps 
Sports
Where is UofL basketball in the top-25 polls entering ACC play? 
Mikel Brown Jr. probable, Kasean Pryor out for Louisville at Cal 
Will Mikel Brown Jr. be first one-and-done player in UofL hoops history? 
Entertainment
12 of Louisville's biggest restaurant, bar openings set for 2026 
Photos: Inside Louisville's Decade restaurant 
122 bars, restaurants have opened so far in Louisville in 2025 
Life
6 butcher shops, including the new Southern Steer, to try in Louisville 
Here are 5 recipes for 'good luck' foods to eat on New Year's Day 
Here are 3 tasty bloody mary cocktail recipes to try this year 
Opinion
If they're so important, lawmakers should take commandments with them 
Joseph Gerth 
The GOP can't seem to agree on its future. It's depressing to watch. 
Nicole Russell 
2026 trend forecasts show white, cabbage and slop. Feels right. 
Sara Pequeño 
Trending
Video shows aftermath of fatal crash involving Anthony Joshua 
$400k worth of lobster meat poached in seafood heist 
Helicopter shown plummeting from sky in New Jersey; 2 pilots dead 
Featured Gallery
Extra, Extra
ENTER NOW       
ENTER NOW! ENTER OFTEN!       
Take our survey!       
More in Contests
12 of Louisville's biggest restaurant, bar openings set for 2026
If they're so important, lawmakers should take commandments with them
 Joseph Gerth
See Girl Scout cookie season guide, from flavors to ordering
UofL football needs to target these spots when transfer portal opens
Will Stein's UK staff is coming together. Meet the assistant coaches
© 2025 www.courier-journal.com. All rights reserved.