Home | Cowboy State Daily Menu Menu Search Subscribe Government & Politics Crime & Courts Energy Business & Tourism Outdoors Wyoming Life Sponsored Opinion Daily Features Video Radio The American West Caret left Caret right Advertise Get Free Daily Newsletter Menu Menu Search Subscribe Government & Politics Crime & Courts Energy Business & Tourism Outdoors Wyoming Life Sponsored Opinion Daily Features Video Radio The American West Caret left Caret right Advertise Get Free Daily Newsletter Cowboy State Daily - Wyoming News News Up To 35% Of Wyoming's High Country Is Dead 'Ghost Forest’ — And It's Spreading David Madison January 01, 2026 Former House Candidate From Powell Accused Of Child Abuse, Molestation Clair McFarland December 31, 2025 Group Says Prairie Dog ‘Massacre’ Litters Plains With Lead-Riddled Carcasses Mark Heinz December 31, 2025 Human Remains Found At Well Site On BLM Land In Carbon County Andrew Rossi December 31, 2025 Up To 35% Of Wyoming's High Country Is Dead 'Ghost Forest’ — And It's Spreading David Madison January 01, 2026 Former House Candidate From Powell Accused Of Child Abuse, Molestation Clair McFarland December 31, 2025 Group Says Prairie Dog ‘Massacre’ Litters Plains With Lead-Riddled Carcasses Mark Heinz December 31, 2025 Human Remains Found At Well Site On BLM Land In Carbon County Andrew Rossi December 31, 2025 Headlines View all Sublette County’s New Hospital Hopes To Get Some Of $205 Million From Feds Sublette County opened its first hospital, a $73.8 million complex, in September and has been “burning” through cash since. It hopes to get some of the $205 million in federal health care money Wyoming was given this week. Kate Meadows January 01, 2026 Prosecutor Says Wyoming Wolf ‘Capture’ Rule Doesn’t Apply To Cody Roberts Sublette County’s top prosecutor argued in a Tuesday court filing that Wyoming’s law allowing people to “capture” wolves doesn’t excuse Cody Roberts. Tormenting the animal was a separate act, he said. Clair McFarland December 31, 2025 Kristi Noem Lands In Worland, Spends Night On Ranch Near Ten Sleep Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem made a pit stop in the Bighorn Basin overnight Sunday. Her Coast Guard jet landed in Worland and Noem spent the night at a ranch near Ten Sleep. She was gone early Monday before most people knew she was there. Jackie Dorothy December 30, 2025 Skiers Caught In Two Of 32 Teton Avalanches In 11 Days The Bridger-Teton Avalanche Center has logged reports of 32 avalanches in the Tetons since Dec. 19. In those, two skiers were caught in them, including one Sunday in No Name Bowl who avoided getting buried by wearing an airbag pack. Andrew Rossi December 30, 2025 Wyoming House Rep. Bill Allemand Charged With DUI, Says He Will Dispute It Wyoming state Rep. Bill Allemand, R-Midwest, was arrested Sunday afternoon on suspicion of drunk driving. He says the DUI is a “false charge" and he’ll fight it. “I got a deputy who did not like me knowing my rights,” he said. Clair McFarland December 30, 2025 Feds Approve $205 Million For Wyoming, Including 'Bear Care’ Health Plan The federal government announced Monday it’s approved $205 million for the first year of Wyoming’s rural health program. Part of the plan has been dubbed “Bear Care” because it would cover catastrophic events like being attacked by a bear. Clair McFarland December 30, 2025 Judge Dismisses Claim Against Lawmaker That She Cheated Ex Out Of African Safari The judge overseeing a small claims dispute has dismissed the case in which the ex-boyfriend of state Rep. Nina Webber accused her of cheating him out of $6,000 for a ticket to an African hunting safari she didn’t join. Clair McFarland December 31, 2025 Even In Jackson Hole, This $15.9 Million Home Stands Out — Secluded With Views Jackson Hole buyers often have to choose between grand valley views or seclusion. A home on Trader Road is that rare exception, being secluded with views. It’s listing for $15.9 million. Renée Jean December 31, 2025 Wyoming Animal Rescue Says Raccoon Reunion With Her Babies Favorite Story Of 2025 Patricia Wyer has seen many animals come and go at her wildlife rescue center near Cheyenne, but her most heartwarming tale of 2025 is that of a momma raccoon who lost her babies, trashed a pickup in her angst, but then got a second chance. Mark Heinz December 30, 2025 Wyoming History: Dick Nelson, The Pioneering Railroad Man With Ice In His Veins Dick Nelson was 12 when he came to Wyoming Territory in 1887 and spent 45 years watching shootouts as a railroad man. He also earned a reputation early as having ice in his veins, not even flinching when Texas cowhands shot at him. Jackie Dorothy December 30, 2025 Wyoming Agency Says Opponent Of Wind Project Filed Fraudulent Documents The Industrial Siting Division said Monday during a hearing on the Chugwater wind and solar project that a critic filed fraudulent documents to contest it. The critic, a news editor in southeast Wyoming, says it's the agency that violated the law. Clair McFarland December 30, 2025 Chuck Gray Announces Run For Wyoming's U.S. House Seat After at least two weekends of an aggressive advertising campaign that named no specific political office, Wyoming Secretary of State Chuck Gray declared Monday that he’s running for the state’s lone U.S. House seat. Clair McFarland December 29, 2025 Gordon Says Revoke National Adoption Award For Casper Man Who Abused Kids Years of sexual and physical abuse of multiple adopted children in Casper should be enough for a federal agency to rescind a Wyoming couple’s National Adoption Excellence Award, Gov. Mark Gordon said Monday. Greg Johnson December 29, 2025 Record Prices Have Wyoming Silver Owners On Alert As Global Demand Surges With prices for silver hitting record highs as the year closes out, some in Wyoming are selling their silver. But other silver bugs are holding on, expecting prices to continue climbing. Renée Jean December 30, 2025 Yellowstone’s Old Faithful Plunges To -27, Coldest Spot In Lower 48 December was dominated by record-highs, but Yellowstone's Old Faithful plunged to -27 Sunday, the coldest spot in the Lower 48. That won’t last, however, with the weather expected to rebound with highs in the 40s, 50s, and maybe even 60s this week. Andrew Rossi December 29, 2025 Former Boot Camp Inmate Sues, Claims Permanent Damage From Excessive Exercise A former inmate at Wyoming’s boot camp for youthful offenders is suing the state Department of Corrections and agency officials. He claims excessive exercise forced on inmates caused him to suffer permanent organ damage. Scott Schwebke December 29, 2025 Wyoming Plans Future Of Rail As Five-Year Streak Without Train V. Car Death Ends The Wyoming Department of Transportation is updating its Statewide Rail Plan as a five-year streak of no train vs. vehicle deaths ended last month. Along with safety at crossings, the agency is considering the potential for a return of passenger rail. David Madison December 29, 2025 Wyoming History: Sheridan’s Dry Gulchers Gang Paid To Rob, Hang, And Harass Tourists The Dry Gulchers gang ran their own agenda around Sheridan in the 1960s, robbing banks, hanging outlaws and harassing tourists. They paid $1,500 each to be part of the posse that staged fake Wild West adventures for visitors. Jackie Dorothy December 29, 2025 Overcoming Fear Of Getting Mauled A Big Part Of Hunting In Grizzly Country Celia Easton of Thermopolis said being attacked by a grizzly last October while she was elk hunting alone in the Beartooth Mountains has left her shaken. “Until you go through something like that, you don’t understand what it does to you,” she said Mark Heinz December 28, 2025 Little America Wyoming’s Plan To Keep A Living Penguin Was Doomed From The Start Back in the 1930s, an ill-advised plan was hatched to keep a living penguin at the Little America hotel in southwest Wyoming. The emperor penguin started its journey from Antarctica alive but died during transport. The stuffed penguin is still on display there and another at the Little America hotel in Cheyenne. Andrew Rossi December 28, 2025 Forget Burgers And Pizza, High-End Ski Resorts Get Big Bucks For Wagyu And Caviar Lift ticket prices have increased 3,600% since 1972, and now caviar, Wagyu beef, and $18 Budweisers are showing up on high-end ski lodge menus. But at Wyoming’s smaller resorts, skiers can still get $10 cheeseburgers. David Madison December 28, 2025 Cowboy State Daily Show with Jake - Monday, December 29, 2025 Jake in the 307. Weekday mornings 6-10 a.m. Jake Nichols December 29, 2025 Why Chris Navarro Is Using Old Wind Turbine Blade To Make Snow Fence Sculpture Celebrated Wyoming sculptor Chris Navarro has used a giant wind turbine blade to make a snow fence sculpture at the Wyoming Rescue Mission ranch near Casper. He says “Wall of Renewal” could prove the viability of repurposing old blades as snow fences across the state. Dale Killingbeck December 28, 2025 Warm Winter Is Faking Out Fruit Trees, Forcing Blooms Like It’s Spring Pear and cherry trees in Utah are covered with blossoms while lilacs in Colorado are blooming like it's spring in late December. Arborists are concerned that the warm, dry days are tricking trees and stressing them out. Andrew Rossi December 28, 2025 Snowy Range Residents Pleased Sand Creek Road Getting Plowed For Winter Logging Many locals in the Snowy Range are pleased that a logging road is getting plowed this year even though they can't use it. Because of the "ghost forests" (massive stands of dead trees killed by pine beetle epidemics), they're just happy for the winter logging. Mark Heinz December 28, 2025 Wyoming History: The Baggs Quick-Draw Lawman Who Liked Killing Too Much Bob Meldrum was known as "Wyoming’s mysterious badman” for his skill with a rifle — and eagerness to use it. He was hired as an assassin by the Wyoming Stockgrowers Association and later went on to kill a man just because he was annoyed by his singing. Jackie Dorothy December 29, 2025 Cody Photographer Who Grew Up In Yellowstone’s Shadow Debuts Wildlife Book Julia Cook of Cody grew up in the shadow of Yellowstone National Park watching its famous wildlife. Now an emerging photographer, her debut book marries her breathtaking wildlife images and the stories behind the photos. Wendy Corr December 29, 2025 At 103, Casper Man Is One Of America’s Few Remaining Living WWII Veterans William McMillan of Casper turned 103 on Dec. 19 and is one of America’s few remaining living World War II veterans. He also served in the Korean War and held a top-secret assignment with the Atomic Energy Commission. Plus, he's independent and lives in his own home. Dale Killingbeck December 27, 2025 Can UW Sports Compete In Division I As Lower Divisions Offer More NIL Money? Montana and Montana State, who compete in a tier below Wyoming, each spend $2.2 million on NIL, while Wyoming spends $1.4 million. "That's embarrassing," one Wyoming booster said. "Schools that don't sit on the wealth of money we do are outspending us." David Madison December 27, 2025 Crumbling Bridge Near Alpine Replaced In Days With WWII ‘Erector Set’ Tech When a crumbling bridge over the Salt River near Alpine was failing, engineers turned to an “Erector Set” concept invented during WW II. It comes together in days, and could be used more across Wyoming with nearly half the state’s bridges past their prime. David Madison December 27, 2025 Wyoming History: The Deadly Damsel Of South Pass Who Seduced, Then Murdered 22 Men In the height of the gold rush, South Pass City was the place for men to strike it rich — and for 22 of them, get murdered if they did. That’s because Polly Bartlett, the “Deadly Damsel,” would seduce, poison, and rob them. Jackie Dorothy December 27, 2025 French Researchers Concerned Teddy Bears Give Children Unrealistic View Of Nature French researchers published a study claiming teddy bears are "too cute" and give children the wrong view of nature. Bear experts told Cowboy State Daily that if people are idiots around grizzlies, it's not because they had teddy bears growing up. Mark Heinz December 27, 2025 No More Chris LeDoux Days? No Problem. Kaycee’s Outlaw Music Fest Takes Its Place For 15 years, Chris LeDoux Days in Kaycee was a mainstay of Wyoming's summer music scene. Now that it’s over, locals have organized a new Outlaw Music Festival to take its place. Renée Jean December 27, 2025 Researchers Fight To Keep Wyoming's NCAR Supercomputer Alive Researchers, many of whom are Trump supporters, say the president is getting bad advice about defunding Wyoming's NCAR supercomputer. They say NCAR is responsible for breakthroughs that have made many things safer, ranging from fighting wildfires to flying jets. Renée Jean December 27, 2025 Eastern Wyoming Is Hot And Dry, But Western Part Of State Is Buried In Snow While much of Wyoming has record warmth and dryness, the mountains in western Wyoming are buried in snow. The snowpack is between 90% and 143% of average in what meteorologists say is a pattern where record-breaking warmth is building a huge snowpack. Andrew Rossi December 27, 2025 Mom Says She Doesn’t Know Why She Shot 11-Month-Old, Was Too Slow To Kill Herself A woman who fled Wyoming with her baby boy more than a month ago told authorities she doesn’t know why she shot and killed him Tuesday. She also said she “wasn’t fast enough” to kill herself before officers got to her. Greg Johnson December 26, 2025 Wyoming Breaks 150-Year-Old High Temperature Records Meteorologists are still analyzing Wyoming's Christmas temperatures, but it seems this was the warmest Christmas on record going back over 150 years. Temperatures on Christmas Day were up to 36 degrees higher than seasonal averages. Andrew Rossi December 26, 2025 Daily Features View all Pin Your Wyoming Sunrise: Thursday, January 1, 2026 Today's Wyoming sunrise was captured by our friend and favorite photographer, Dave Bell. Dave writes, "Incredible sunrise this morning. Mother Nature did her thing this morning providing a beautiful sunrise over the northern end of the range." Photo by Dave Bell Don Day's Wyoming Weather Forecast: Thursday, January 1, 2026 Chance of snow and rain along and west of the continental divide in Wyoming on Thursday, otherwise increasing clouds to partly sunny. Mostly cloudy overnight. Breezy in some areas. Highs from the mid 30s to the mid 50s. Lows in the 20s and 30s. Daily Cartoon 2: Thursday, January 1, 2026 By Today's question to Don Day Mark James Mullins of Douglas In regard to your thunderstorm season article, can you reassess the data on a per-capita basis, especially when considering population of the states? It could affect me as I own a hill on my property which I plan a communications tower and likely will have a lightning rod installed when it goes in. Don Day FEMA has a good lightning database that takes into account lightning risk, potential property loss, etc. based on population and lightning frequency. Data is available on a county by county basis. Lots and lots of lightning data available here which may help in quest for more lightning information.
 
https://hazards.fema.gov/nri/lightning DD Ask Don a Question Arrow right Opinion Tom Lubnau: How to Ruin Wyoming on Purpose — A Practical Guide for the Ambitiously Foolish Opinion by Tom Lubnau TL Dave Simpson: A New Electronic Gizmo To Sync Up? Oh No! Opinion by Dave Simpson DS Cassie Craven:  My Hot Takes On The Wyoming Political Scene Opinion by Cassie Craven CC Gail Symons: Wyoming Is A Quilt And Politics Are Its Stress Test Opinion by Gail Symons GS Bill Sniffin: Looking Back At 2025 – Prominent Deaths & Continuing Energy Boom Opinion by Bill Sniffin BS Sponsored View all Creating a Legacy in Comprehensive Dental Care Legacy Dental is a new dental partnership built upon the foundation of generational practice and guided by the principles of bringing innovative and comprehensive care to patients in need. November 21, 2025 Government Shutdown Reveals Long Term Hunger Crisis in Wyoming With the current hunger crisis stemming from the government shutdown, the Food Bank ramped up the amount of food it is sourcing and distributing, made possible thanks to donor support and emergency funds from the state. November 17, 2025 Two Officers in Hilltop Bank’s Cheyenne Office Share an Uncannily Similar Career Story Both Josh Hardee and Sean Michaels began their careers working in finance before they felt the calling to public service. Even if their day-to-day lives look a bit different these days—Hardee spent nearly two decades with the Wyoming Highway Patrol, while Michaels rose through the ranks of the U.S. Navy during a decorated military career—the Hilltop officers say that calling to serve others has remained. November 10, 2025 Opinion View all Bill Sniffin: Looking Back At 2025 – Prominent Deaths & Continuing Energy Boom Columnist Bill Sniffin writes: “This past year was full of incredibly good economic news and a lot of horrible news with the many deaths of important people plus more than our share of tragic deaths.” Bill Sniffin December 27, 2025 Joan Barron: Chances Dimming For A Woman Governor Columnist Joan Barron writes, "The office of governor always has been regarded as the best political job in Wyoming. I always thought Lummis would be the one to become the first woman elected governor on her own merits. Even after her announcement, supporters are urging her to run." Joan Barron December 27, 2025 Jonathan Lange: Federal Judge Vindicates Wyoming Family’s Rights Columnist Jonathan Lange writes, “Teachers are hired to supplement the education that parents provide, not to supplant it. Now, a federal judge has ruled that supplanting parental rights violates Due Process, Free Exercise of Religion and Free Speech rights.” Jonathan Lange December 26, 2025 Original reporting. Fearless journalism. Join Cowboy State Daily’s Newsletter Wyoming’s most trusted, comprehensive news source from the state’s largest, most experienced stable of journalists. Get unlimited access to unrivaled coverage of Cowboy State by subscribing now. Subscribe To Our Newsletter Wyoming Life View all How Christmas 1829 Turned Joe Meek From A Greenhorn Into A Mountain Man Jackie Dorothy December 24, 2025 Behind The Beard With A Wyoming Mall Santa (Who Smokes And Drives A Kia) Zakary Sonntag December 24, 2025 Cheyenne’s Historic 1892 Pumphouse Saved From The Wrecking Ball — For Now Renée Jean December 24, 2025 Wyoming Animal Shelters Scramble To Find Foster Homes For Holidays Kate Meadows December 23, 2025 Wyoming History: Locals Visit Outlaws In 1888 To Spread Christmas Cheer Jackie Dorothy December 23, 2025 Outdoors View all Company Says Protecting Seminoe Bighorn Could Add $1.6B To Power Project Costs Mark Heinz December 26, 2025 Company Denies Claims That Yellowstone Tour Buses Routinely Block Roads Mark Heinz December 26, 2025 Some Wyoming Grizzlies Still Out Roaming In Unusually Warm Weather Mark Heinz December 24, 2025 Yellowstone’s Unpredictable Black Diamond Pool Erupts Twice In Two Days Andrew Rossi December 23, 2025 Lack Of Snow Cancels Yellowstone Snowmobile Tours, But Cooke City’s Been Dumped On David Madison December 22, 2025 Crime & Courts View all Officials Say Mother Of Missing 11-Month-Old Killed Baby During Standoff Jen Kocher December 24, 2025 Attempted Murder Charges For Cheyenne Teens, Recording Details Plans To Kill Rival Scott Schwebke December 23, 2025 Contractor Accused Of Cheating Lusk Homeowners Fires Lawyer, Delays Sentencing Clair McFarland December 23, 2025 Glenrock Wants Judge To Dismiss Town, Mayor From $350M Lawsuit Over Bank Secrets Clair McFarland December 22, 2025 Wamsutter Trucker Loses $54,000 Found In His Car In Drug Money Ruling Clair McFarland December 22, 2025 Wyoming Life View all How Christmas 1829 Turned Joe Meek From A Greenhorn Into A Mountain Man Jackie Dorothy December 24, 2025 Behind The Beard With A Wyoming Mall Santa (Who Smokes And Drives A Kia) Zakary Sonntag December 24, 2025 Cheyenne’s Historic 1892 Pumphouse Saved From The Wrecking Ball — For Now Renée Jean December 24, 2025 Wyoming Animal Shelters Scramble To Find Foster Homes For Holidays Kate Meadows December 23, 2025 Wyoming History: Locals Visit Outlaws In 1888 To Spread Christmas Cheer Jackie Dorothy December 23, 2025 Outdoors View all Company Says Protecting Seminoe Bighorn Could Add $1.6B To Power Project Costs Mark Heinz December 26, 2025 Company Denies Claims That Yellowstone Tour Buses Routinely Block Roads Mark Heinz December 26, 2025 Some Wyoming Grizzlies Still Out Roaming In Unusually Warm Weather Mark Heinz December 24, 2025 Yellowstone’s Unpredictable Black Diamond Pool Erupts Twice In Two Days Andrew Rossi December 23, 2025 Lack Of Snow Cancels Yellowstone Snowmobile Tours, But Cooke City’s Been Dumped On David Madison December 22, 2025 Crime & Courts View all Officials Say Mother Of Missing 11-Month-Old Killed Baby During Standoff Jen Kocher December 24, 2025 Attempted Murder Charges For Cheyenne Teens, Recording Details Plans To Kill Rival Scott Schwebke December 23, 2025 Contractor Accused Of Cheating Lusk Homeowners Fires Lawyer, Delays Sentencing Clair McFarland December 23, 2025 Glenrock Wants Judge To Dismiss Town, Mayor From $350M Lawsuit Over Bank Secrets Clair McFarland December 22, 2025 Wamsutter Trucker Loses $54,000 Found In His Car In Drug Money Ruling Clair McFarland December 22, 2025 Sign-up to our newsletter to stay in touch with our latest news Subscribe to our Newsletter Arrow right Team Careers Values Letter to the Editor Contact Us Wyoming Sunrise Obituaries Advertising Team Careers Values Letter to the Editor Contact Us Wyoming Sunrise Obituaries Advertising Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram LinkedIn LinkedIn As your #1 Wyoming News Source our mission is to provide you high quality statewide and local news for Wyoming. Wyoming News brought to you by locals for locals. 2026 © Cowboy State Daily Privacy Policy Terms of Service