Cox Automotive Inc. | Transforming the Automotive Experience Discover What More Can Do with Cox Automotive at NADA2026. Learn More x icon-branding Events Icon Created with Sketch. Inventory Icon Created with Sketch. icon-mail-hover icon-mail Marketing Icon Created with Sketch. icon-operations icon-phone-hover icon-phone Product Training Icon Created with Sketch. Sales Icon Created with Sketch. Service Icon Created with Sketch. icon-social-fb-hover icon-social-fb icon-social-google-hover icon-social-google icon-social-linkedin-hover icon-social-linkedin icon-social-rss-hover icon-social-rss icon-social-twitter Created with Sketch. icon-social-twitter-hover icon-social-twitter icon-social-youtube-hover icon-social-youtube Our Brands Autotrader Central Dispatch Dealer.com Dealertrack EV Battery Solutions FleetNet America Fleet Services KBB Manheim NextGear Capital vAuto VinSolutions Xtime Autotrader Central Dispatch Dealer.com Dealertrack EV Battery Solutions FleetNet America Fleet Services KBB Manheim NextGear Capital vAuto VinSolutions Xtime Help 1-855-Cox-Auto Cox Automotive Inc. Brands Autotrader Central Dispatch Dealer.com Dealertrack EV Battery Solutions Fleet Services FleetNet America Kelley Blue Book Manheim NextGear Capital vAuto VinSolutions Xtime What We Offer Back Office Electrification Fixed Ops Fleet Solutions Inventory Lender Solutions Marketing Sales Insights Latest News Auto Market Snapshot Market Insights & Outlook Press Releases Who We Are About us Media Search Search Search | Mobile Menu Experience the industry’s only end-to-end partner. As the largest, most complete automotive services provider in the world, we unite thirteen industry-leading brands to help you tackle every challenge, every step of the way. What We Offer Trending Insights 01 Auto Market Weekly Summary Dec. 22, 2025 02 Replay Available: Cox Automotive Q4 2025 Industry Insights and 2026 Forecast Call Dec. 17, 2025 03 Manheim Used Vehicle Value Index: Mid-December 2025 Trends Dec. 17, 2025 04 EV Market Monitor – November 2025 Dec. 15, 2025 01 Auto Market Weekly Summary Dec. 22, 2025 02 Replay Available: Cox Automotive Q4 2025 Industry Insights and 2026 Forecast Call Dec. 17, 2025 03 Manheim Used Vehicle Value Index: Mid-December 2025 Trends Dec. 17, 2025 04 EV Market Monitor – November 2025 Dec. 15, 2025 Latest news in the industry View All News News Cox Automotive Forecast: Despite Q4 Slowdown, New-Vehicle Sales Forecast to Reach 16.3 Million in 2025, up Nearly 2% from 2024; Best Result Since 2019 Dec. 17, 2025 5 min read Expert Perspectives Fragmented Reality: 5 Forces to Shape the Auto Industry in 2026 Dec. 17, 2025 5 min read News Q4 2025 Cox Automotive Dealer Sentiment Index: Dealer Caution Deepens as Market Sentiment Falls; EV Outlook and Profits Weaken While New-Vehicle Inventory Grows Dec. 3, 2025 5 min read News Cox Automotive Forecast: November U.S. New-Vehicle Sales Expected to Decline 8% Year Over Year as Higher Prices and Slowing EV Sales Hit Market Nov. 25, 2025 5 min read Insights Manheim Market Insights Series: Episode 39 Nov. 21, 2025 1 min read Our Brands Power your business forward with the #1 marketplace for better leads and higher profits. Sell more vehicles and expand your reach with Autotrader’s personalized car-shopping experience. Related Solutions: Marketing Visit Autotrader Take control with the country’s largest self-managed auto transportation marketplace. So you can confidently find the ideal partner for any job, and run your business the way you need to. Related Solutions: Inventory Visit Central Dispatch Quality leads & higher profits start with better websites. Get proven results with the automotive industry’s most comprehensive digital marketing agency. Related Solutions: Marketing Visit Dealer.com Dealertrack provides a suite of connected solutions for managing your dealership and your F&I and titling processes to help improve profitability and customer satisfaction—all backed by the power of Cox Automotive. Related Solutions: Back Office Lender Solutions Visit Dealertrack EV Battery Solutions delivers end-to-end EV battery support—from management to valuation—backed by Cox Automotive’s full spectrum of car buying, ownership, and service solutions. Together, we’re your complete partner in driving the electric future. Related Solutions: Electrification Visit EV Battery Solutions Fleet Services is your trusted nationwide partner for medium- and heavy-duty fleet maintenance. With expert mobile technicians and advanced technology, we help you maximize uptime through safe, efficient, and fully managed maintenance programs. Related Solutions: Fleet Solutions Visit Fleet Services FleetNet America powers the fleet industry with the largest network of vetted providers and 24/7/365 best-in-class service—getting you back on the road faster. Our flexible, end-to-end care delivers roadside support, fleet insights, and more for fleets of any size. Related Solutions: Fleet Solutions Visit FleetNet America Drive more value to your business with unmatched data, up-to-date information, and effective inventory acquisition strategies that influence consumer behavior and enhance your dealership’s success. Related Solutions: Marketing Visit Kelley Blue Book For over 80 years, we’ve had one goal: making you more successful. That’s why everything we do empowers you to max your potential with options to wholesale your way and make decisions confidently without surprises. From end-to-end, we’ve got everything you’ll ever need along the way. Because at Manheim, our mission is yours. Related Solutions: Inventory Visit Manheim NextGear Capital is powering more possibilities for independent dealers with flexible floor plan financing. As the industry’s leading comprehensive finance provider, we work hard to give dealers the buying power they want with the flexible terms they need. Related Solutions: Inventory Visit NextGear Capital vAuto delivers a suite of solutions for the complete life cycle of new and used inventory, powered by superior data and insights that optimize each car’s unique ROI and your process. No matter how well your business runs today, vAuto’s end-to-end inventory management solutions help the best dealers run better. Related Solutions: Marketing Visit vAuto Make the most of every connection to identify opportunities sooner and sell more cars. Our intelligent CRM is built to connect dealerships with customers. Leveraging customizable processes and robust integrations, VinSolutions meets your evolving needs. Related Solutions: Sales Visit VinSolutions Service more cars in less time. Enhance customer satisfaction and drive fixed operations growth with Xtime. Make it easy for your service customers to say “yes” to recommended repairs through transparent communication while you boost productivity. Related Solutions: Fixed Ops Visit Xtime What We Offer Inventory Marketing Sales Lender Solutions Back Office Electrification Fixed Ops Fleet Solutions Explore All Inventory Solutions Wholesale Inventory Make profitable wholesale inventory buying and selling decisions—in-person or online. Vehicle Reconditioning Vast physical infrastructure, unrivaled experience, and cutting-edge technology. Floor Planning Free up cash with flexible financing for independent dealers. Assurance Take the risk out of wholesale buying and selling. Self-Managed Transportation Take control of your transport. Full-Service Transportation We manage all the complexities of transporting vehicles for you. Explore All Marketing Solutions Digital Advertising Reach more of the right car shoppers with smarter, precision advertising. Websites Help more shoppers find your vehicles and services online. Intelligent Deal Making Make every deal easier and more profitable. Marketing Services Stand out with expert marketing support (SEO, Social, Reviews) Merchandising Show off your inventory to boost your bottom line. Marketing Analytics Make smarter decisions with expert guidance based on data intelligence. Explore All Sales Solutions Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Intelligently connect with the right customers at the right time to drive profits. F&I Close deals faster and protect your bottom line. Intelligent Deal Making Make every deal easier and more profitable. Explore All Lender Solutions Lender Solutions Smart lending connections drive more deals. Explore All Back Office Solutions Operations Run your dealership your way with the #1 easiest-to-use DMS. Explore All Electrification Solutions End-to-End EV Battery Lifecycle Management Diagnostics to repair, refurbishment, and remanufacturing to storage. EV Care and Remarketing Physical services that maximize market value. Explore All Fixed Ops Solutions Service Technology Make service simple for your customers and profitable for you. Explore All Fleet Solutions Scheduled maintenance Minimizing downtime and maximizing productivitynance that moves with you. Parts and trailers Sales, service, repairs, mobile on-site maintenance, and industrial finishing. Telematics Best-in-class telematics and video, all managed in one place. Mechanical and Body Shops Service centers built for full spectrum of fleet maintenance to keep your fleet moving. Featured Solutions Cox Automotive solutions bring together the best of our brands—powered by data, technology, and deep industry expertise—to deliver outcomes that matter. Get to a yes faster with every deal No matter the path to purchase, Deal Central enables a modern deal-making experience for both your customers and employees that helps you stay competitive and protect your profits. Deal Central delivers the car buying experience your customers demand while keeping you in control of every deal. Explore Deal Central Discover the future of dealership operations Using powerful automation, connected data,  and modern technology, Cox Automotive DMS+ simplifies dealership operations and saves time—creating better experiences for both employees and customers. More than a DMS, DMS+ is an intelligent solution built to help every department work smarter and maximize profits. Explore DMS+ Innovative vehicle service solutions at scale. When the future of automotive hits you with big questions, Cox Automotive is there to give you the answers. Tackle any challenge in vehicle lifecycle management with a vast physical infrastructure, unrivaled expertise, and cutting-edge solutions built to help your business grow as the industry grows. Explore Vehicle Services Auto Market Pulse Last Updated: December 18th, 2025 Discover More sales & service Repair Order Volume Index: November 75.2 sales & service Repair Order Revenue Index: November 115.5 sales & service New Sales: December 1.45M Discover More News & Insights View All News Insights Auto Market Weekly Summary Dec. 22, 2025 5 min read The AI Revolution Is Now: Agentic AI for End‑to‑End Automotive Workflow Automation Dec. 19, 2025 2 min read Featured Insights Replay Available: Cox Automotive Q4 2025 Industry Insights and 2026 Forecast Call Dec. 17, 2025 1 min read Featured Insights 2026 Cox Automotive Forecasts Dec. 17, 2025 1 min read News Cox Automotive Forecast: Despite Q4 Slowdown, New-Vehicle Sales Forecast to Reach 16.3 Million in 2025, up Nearly 2% from 2024; Best Result Since 2019 Dec. 17, 2025 5 min read Expert Perspectives Fragmented Reality: 5 Forces to Shape the Auto Industry in 2026 Dec. 17, 2025 5 min read Insights Presentation Available: Cox Automotive Q4 2025 Industry Insights and 2026 Forecast Call Dec. 17, 2025 1 min read Insights Manheim Used Vehicle Value Index: Mid-December 2025 Trends Dec. 17, 2025 5 min read Insights Latest News Auto Market Snapshot Market Insights & Outlooks Contributors Media Press Releases Press Contacts Company About us Contact us Insights International Careers Cox Enterprises Information Visitor Agreement Privacy Statement Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Manage cookies Code of Conduct Responsible Disclosure Policy Supplier Media Press Releases Press Contacts Our Newsletter Email Address * A Division of Cox Enterprises ©2025 Cox Automotive. All Rights Reserved. Visit our Instagram page Visit our Facebook page Visit our Twitter page Visit our LinkedIn page