cPanel: The Hosting Platform of Choice for Website Management Skip to main content Skip to footer Limited-Time Offer: Save 30% on SolusVM licenses Learn more Login Free Trial Product Product Overview Features Customize cPanel Releases Free Trial Solutions Virtualization SocialBee Sitejet Builder Server Monitoring Site Quality Monitoring WP Toolkit WP Squared Hyperscalers Extensions Pricing Resources Support Blog Roadmap Developers cPanel University Company Partners Become a Partner Partner Asset Library Login Free Trial Simplify Server & Website Management Streamline your workflow with cPanel’s powerful automation, flexible customization, and dedicated support. Free Trial Buy cPanel The industry's most trusted control panel for server & website management cPanel offers the most reliable and user-friendly platform for managing servers and websites at scale. Optimize your operations, reduce costs, and create an exceptional experience for your customers with cPanel’s powerful features. Launch with ease Set up and automate server tasks easily. With cPanel, you receive everything you need to get started, allowing you to focus on delivering the best value for your customers. Flexibility and control Customize your offerings with hundreds of features, or let customers take control. cPanel gives you the freedom to choose the best model for your business. Empower your business Boost your revenue capabilities with built-in tools like add-ons, plugins, and white-label options. cPanel helps you to scale and manage your offerings with ease. Learn More About cPanel Trusted by Who is cPanel for? Developers and IT Small to medium  businesses Hosting providers Digital agencies Create a beautiful website directly from cPanel Sitejet Builder allows cPanel users to simply design, build, and launch beautiful websites, without the need for technical expertise. Get started now! Become a cPanel partner Join a network of hosting providers, solution experts, and business owners, who partner with cPanel to power their success. Our Partner Program offers exclusive discounts, dedicated education and training, priority support, and much more, all designed for you to drive revenue growth. Join today to access the best tools for scaling your business and the resources you need to thrive. Unlock Exclusive Benefits What people say about us Ben Gabler CEO, Rocket.net “We chose WebPros, and cPanel specifically, over other solutions because it’s a platform with more than 20 years of proven stability. When you’re building a high-growth hosting business like ours, you need infrastructure you can trust. I’m happy to invest in software that I know is stable.” Quinn Eckart Product Manager, DigitalOcean “Both cPanel and Plesk have been valuable solutions we offer on the DigitalOcean Marketplace. cPanel, in particular, is widely recognized across the industry for its simplicity and ease of use, qualities our customers greatly appreciate.” Aninda Shaw COO, Gamermatic “cPanel provides an incredibly easy-to-use platform with extensive features, making it the best environment for deploying and managing WordPress hosting through integrated apps.” Blog cPanel 2025: A Year in Review and a Look Ahead Read more Having an issue? We go above and beyond for you and your customers. Explore our Support Center Build for cPanel Test and launch your custom cPanel plugin. Explore Developer Center Stay up-to-date Get the latest news from cPanel delivered to your inbox. Sign Up cPanel, WebHost Manager and WHM are registered trademarks of WebPros International L.L.C. for providing its computer software that facilitates the management and configuration of Internet web servers. Product cPanel & WHM Overview cPanel & WHM Features Extensions Customize Products cPanel & WHM Trial cPanel & WHM Releases Pricing For Partners Become a Partner Partner Directory Partner Sign in Partner Asset Library cPU Certification Partner Requirements Support Agreement Company About Us Giving Back Contact Legal License Verification Security TSRs & CVEs Terms of Use Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Trademarks Transparency Policy Support Agreement End User License Agreements Imprint Resources Documentation Forums Blog Developer Docs Build for cPanel Developer License EDU License Support Need Help? Migrations Services Support Portal Knowledge Base Feature Request ©2025 WebPros International L.L.C. Part of the WebPros® Family Part of the WebPros® Family