CPM Educational Program – More Math for More People Podcast News Interested? Search Shop Login About CPM Interested? Why Choose CPM? Who Are We? Curriculum Why Choose CPM Curriculum? Middle School High School For Educators Professional Learning Implementation Plan PL Catalog CPM Hosted Events University Support Research For Parents Help Your Student Student Learning Resources About CPM Interested? Why Choose CPM? Who Are We? Curriculum Why Choose CPM Curriculum? Middle School High School For Educators Professional Learning Implementation Plan PL Catalog CPM Hosted Events University Support Research For Parents Help Your Student Student Learning Resources CPM Educational Program Discover Multimodal Math Inspiring Connections is CPM Educational Program’s newest middle school curriculum, a multimodal program designed as a blend of print and digital materials. Guided by research on culturally relevant, responsive, and sustaining pedagogies, it is intended to inspire meaningful mathematics learning. Built on Core Connections and a 35-year tradition, Inspiring Connections brings More Math for More People! Learn More CPM Engages 6-12th Grade Students CPM Educational Program is committed to providing meaningful math content along with purposeful teacher support to empower all students to become mathematically confident in the world today. "CPM requires students to be actively involved in learning. They do not just sit and take notes while the teacher does the problems. Teachers need to circulate among the student study teams to ask good questions to provoke thought and to assess what the students know. Now that I have used CPM for four years, we see more students taking more math courses at the high school level." Bruce, Wisconsin Math Teacher Empower Your Students CPM Empowers Teachers "It has been the very best thing I have ever done in my classroom. Students need to not only learn to go through unconnected steps but to truly understand the ideas and how they are connected. To hear things like, "That is so cool", "I so get it; it totally makes sense to me!" "I finally understand something in math!" and "Why haven't we been using this all along?" convinces me that my students are engaged and being successful." Shelley, Oregon Math Teacher Get Support California educators, explore CPM’s newest middle school curricula. Learn More CPM Integrates with Today's Classroom CPM provides the technology that supports student learning in today’s digital classroom. eBooks All of CPM’s Core Connections curriculum are online and in an easy to use digital format. Use as a direct replacement for printed textbooks or as a companion. CPM eBooks work across all device types and are always there when you need them. eWorkspace Integrated formative assessment: Students submit work directly from their eBook for specific, individualized teacher feedback. And with the built-in teacher dashboard, scalable teacher feedback has never been easier Assessments CPM continues to offer an extensive assessment bank for all of the CPM Core Connections curriculum. Use pre-made tests or create custom formative or summative assessments to accommodate learning needs specific to your classroom. eTools Choose from a collection of CPM proprietary tools such as algebra tiles and integer tiles. Integrated activities enhance any lesson. Homework Help Get online step-by-step support for homework problems. CPM helps students and parents help themselves when practicing their math abilities at home. Turn-key Integrations Always be ready for class to begin. With CPM’s automated rostering, SSO and LMS integrations, CPM’s integration services issue the licenses so you focus your time on teaching. More Math For More People Years Serving  Math Education 0 Teachers Attending CPM Workshops 0 + CPM Books Sold Since 2015 0 + CPM Educational Program Facebook Instagram-white-icon Youtube Linkedin X-twitter © 1989-2025 CPM EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM All rights reserved. CPM Educational Program is a 501(c)(3) educational nonprofit corporation. Trust Center Terms of Use Privacy Policy End User Terms of Use Cookie Policy Accessibility Policy Intellectual Property Permission Request Terms of Use Privacy Policy End User Terms of Use Cookie Policy Accessibility Policy Intellectual Property Permission Request Contacts Contact Us Meet the PL Team Business Office Careers Contact Us Meet the PL Team Business Office Careers Support CPM Support Knowledge Base Shop CPM Support Knowledge Base Shop Statistics JAVA Calculus Third Edition Precalculus Third Edition Precalculus Supplement 2.3.4 Defining Concavity 4.4.1 Characteristics of Polynomial Functions 5.2.6 Semi-Log Plots 5 Closure Closure How Can I Apply It? Activity 3 9.3.1 Transition States 9.3.2 Future and Past States 10.3.1 The Parametrization of Functions, Conics, and Their Inverses 10.3.2 Vector-Valued Functions 11.1.5 Rate of Change of Polar Functions Matemática Integrada I Matemática Integrada II Matemática Integrada III Integrated I Integrated II Integrated III Core Connections en español, Álgebra Core Connections en español, Geometría Core Connections en español, Álgebra 2 Core Connections Algebra Core Connections Geometry Core Connections Algebra 2 Core Connections 1 Core Connections 2 Core Connections 3 Core Connections
en español,Curso 1 Core Connections
en español, Curso 2 Core Connections
en español, Curso 3 Inspiring Connections Course 1 Inspiring Connections Course 2 Inspiring Connections Course 3 Sample Checkpoint Newsletter Archives Select Month 2019 to 2015 Select Month Select Month You are now leaving cpm.org. Cancel OK Did you want to leave cpm.org? Yes I want to leave cpm.org. Cancel No, I want to stay on cpm.org Algebra Tiles Session Event Schedule and Registration Used throughout CPM middle and high school courses Concrete, geometric representation of algebraic concepts. Two-hour virtual session, Learn how students build their conceptual understanding of simplifying algebraic expressions Solving equations using these tools. Determining perimeter, Combining like terms, Comparing expressions, Solving equations Use an area model to multiply polynomials, Factor quadratics and other polynomials, and Complete the square. Support the transition from a concrete (manipulative) representation to an abstract model of mathematics.. Foundations for Implementation Schedule & Registration This professional learning is designed for teachers as they begin their implementation of CPM. This series contains multiple components and is grounded in multiple active experiences delivered over the first year. This learning experience will encourage teachers to adjust their instructional practices, expand their content knowledge, and challenge their beliefs about teaching and learning. Teachers and leaders will gain first-hand experience with CPM with emphasis on what they will be teaching. Throughout this series educators will experience the mathematics, consider instructional practices, and learn about the classroom environment necessary for a successful implementation of CPM curriculum resources. Page 2 of the Professional Learning Progression (PDF) describes all of the components of this learning event and the additional support available. Teachers new to a course, but have previously attended Foundations for Implementation, can choose to engage in the course Content Modules in the Professional Learning Portal rather than attending the entire series of learning events again. Edit Content Building on Instructional Practice Series The Building on Instructional Practice Series consists of three different events – Building on Discourse, Building on Assessment, Building on Equity – that are designed for teachers with a minimum of one year of experience teaching with CPM instructional materials and who have completed the Foundations for Implementation Series. Building on Equity Schedule & Registration In Building on Equity , participants will learn how to include equitable practices in their classroom and support traditionally underserved students in becoming leaders of their own learning. Essential questions include: How do I shift dependent learners into independent learners? How does my own math identity and cultural background impact my classroom? The focus of day one is equitable classroom culture. Participants will reflect on how their math identity and mindsets impact student learning. They will begin working on a plan for Chapter 1 that creates an equitable classroom culture. The focus of day two and three is implementing equitable tasks. Participants will develop their use of the 5 Practices for Orchestrating Meaningful Mathematical Discussions and curate strategies for supporting all students in becoming leaders of their own learning. Participants will use an equity lens to reflect on and revise their Chapter 1 lesson plans. Building on Assessment Schedule & Registration In Building on Assessment , participants will apply assessment research and develop methods to provide feedback to students and inform equitable assessment decisions. On day one, participants will align assessment practices with learning progressions and the principle of mastery over time as well as write assessment items. During day two, participants will develop rubrics, explore alternate types of assessment, and plan for implementation that supports student ownership. On the third day, participants will develop strategies to monitor progress and provide evidence of proficiency with identified mathematics content and practices. Participants will develop assessment action plans that will encourage continued collaboration within their learning community. Building on Discourse Schedule & Registration In Building on Discourse , participants will improve their ability to facilitate meaningful mathematical discourse. This learning experience will encourage participants to adjust their instructional practices in the areas of sharing math authority, developing independent learners, and the creation of equitable classroom environments. Participants will plan for student learning by using teaching practices such as posing purposeful questioning, supporting productive struggle, and facilitating meaningful mathematical discourse. In doing so, participants learn to support students collaboratively engaged with rich tasks with all elements of the Effective Mathematics Teaching Practices incorporated through intentional and reflective planning. Read More Core Connections Integrated III Correlations Correlation of INT3 to CCSS Appendix A PDF Correlation of INT3 to CCSS Math Practices PDF INT3 Text to CCSS Standards PDF Core Connections Integrated II Correlation of INT2 to CCSS Appendix A PDF Correlation INT2 to CCSS Math Practices PDF INT2 Text to CCSS Standards PDF Core Connections Integrated I Correlations Correlation of INT1 to CCSS Appendix A PDF Correlation INT1 to CCSS Math Practices PDF INT1 Text to CCSS Standards PDF Core Connections Algegra 2 CCSS Appendix A to Textbook CCA2 PDF CCA2 Text to CCSS Standards Traditional PDF Correlation CCA2 to CCSS Math Practices PDF Core Connections Geometry Correlations Correlation of CCG to CCSS Appendix A PDF CCG Text to CCSS Standards Traditional PDF Correlation CCG to CCSS Math Practices PDF Correlation of CCG to PARCC Model Framework PDF Core Connections Algebra Correlations CCSS Appendix A to Textbook CCA PDF CCA Text to CCSS Standards Traditional PDF Correlation CCA to CCSS Math Practices PDF Correlation of CCA to PARCC Model Framework PDF Core Connections 3 Correlations Correlation CC3 to CCSS Grade 8 Standards PDF CC3 Text to CCSS Standards Grade 8 PDF Correlation CC3 to CCSS Math Practices PDF Core Connections 2 Correlation CC2 to CCSS Grade 7 Standards PDF CC2 Text to CCSS Standards Grade 7 PDF Correlation CC2 to CCSS Math Practices PDF Core Connections 1 Correlations CC1 to CCSS Grade 6 Standards PDF CC1 Text to CCSS Standards Grade 6 PDF Correlations CC1 to CCSS Math Practices PDF