Cal Poly Pomona - #1 Polytechnic University for Diversity and Economic Mobility Skip to content apply visit info give mycpp Search apply visit info give mycpp Commencement apply visit info give mycpp Home about admissions & aid academics life at CPP athletics alumni news & events future students | current students | families | faculty & staff Cal Poly Pomona - #1 Polytechnic University for Diversity and Economic Mobility #1 Polytechnic University for Diversity and Economic Mobility View Our Rankings Become by Doing SEE HOW Cal Poly Pomona Presidential Search Learn More #1 Polytechnic University for Diversity and Economic Mobility Become by Doing Cal Poly Pomona Presidential Search View Our Rankings SEE HOW Learn More Previous Next Why Cal Poly Pomona A Place to Learn By Doing The Polytechnic Experience Here, you’ll roll up your sleeves, dive in and hit the ground doing. You’ll put learning to work in practical, hands-on ways, and you’ll gain the confidence and skills needed to become career ready. Brighter Financial Futures Some college degrees hang on a wall. Get one that also paves the way to a brighter financial future — from the #1 polytechnic university for economic mobility. Belonging Be inspired every day, inside and outside the classroom, by a diverse, supportive and creative community that will help you discover who you are and what you’re capable of. A Culture of Care Navigating the ins-and-outs of the college experience can feel overwhelming when you’re not following familiar footsteps. Follow your path to greatness with a whole community behind you every step of the way. Explore our Programs and Unlock Your Potential Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Agriculture - opens a new window Business - opens a new window Design - opens a new window Education - opens a new window Engineering - opens a new window Hospitality - opens a new window Science - opens a new window Humanities/Social Sciences/Performing Arts - opens a new window Explore All Bronco Graduates A Future of Possibilities See how these CPP alumni have become by doing. Cole Briggs -  Tech Expert Meet the Bronco Behind Google Calendar Lauren Ruiz - Wildlife Care Specialist A-Z Animal Care: Arabian Horses to the San Diego Zoo James Fu - Restauranteur Driving Stellar Quality and Satisfaction at Din Tai Fung Our Location A Beautiful Campus in Sunny Southern California Previous Next Card 1 of 4 Visit the Mountains, Beaches & DTLA Whether you enjoy hiking in the mountains, lounging on the beach, or experiencing the cultural and culinary offerings of Downtown Los Angeles, Cal Poly Pomona’s SoCal location has you covered. Card 2 of 4 Get Involved With more than 300 clubs and organizations on campus, it’s easy to get involved, make friends, try something new and hone leadership skills. Card 3 of 4 Connect with Employers In a region rich with career opportunities, our campus connects you to a dynamic network that spans every field, empowering your professional journey. Card 4 of 4 Live on Campus Choose from a variety of well-maintained and affordable options, including residence halls, suites, apartments and community-themed housing. Dive In Academics Financial Aid Admissions Life at CPP Student Affairs & Support Services Belonging Cal Poly Pomona Presidential Search The CSU Board of Trustees has launched a nationwide search for the next president of Cal Poly Pomona. As the #1 polytechnic university for diversity & economic mobility, Cal Poly Pomona seeks an exceptional leader who will champion our students, mission and values. We invite the campus community and our diverse stakeholders to be part of the process. Learn More Making Sure You Succeed The First Year Experience Hit the ground running and learn how to succeed in your first year by exploring community service projects, innovative learning opportunities and career possibilities. Learn more about FYE Featured News View all News Student Success CPP Receives $600,000 Grant for Transfer Success Initiative University News CPP Announces SB 98 Campus Alert Process in Event of Immigration Enforcement The Collins College of Hospitality Management Passport Wraps: Class Assignment Serves Up Big Flavors and Bigger Lessons University News New Director Appointed to Kellogg Arabian Horse Center Become a Bronco Find Your Passion Schedule a Tour Learn About CPP Apply Maps Visit Contact Us Future Students | Current Students | Alumni | Families | Faculty & Staff Colleges Don B. Huntley College of Agriculture College of Business Administration Singelyn Graduate School of Business College of Education and Integrative Studies College of Engineering College of Environmental Design The Collins College of Hospitality Management College of Letters, Arts, and Social Sciences College of Professional and Global Education College of Science Administration President's Office Academic Affairs Administrative Affairs Student Affairs Information Technology University Advancement CPP Philanthropic Foundation Associated Students Incorporated Resources University Catalog Academic Manual Library Directory Calendar A-Z Index News Maps & Directions Jobs For the Media Info for Undocumented Community Parenting Student Support Learn about MyCPP Campus Safety Annual Security Report Campus Safety Plan Safety & Emergency Info Title IX Systemwide Hate Crimes Report (PDF) Athletics Bronco Athletics Schedule Copyright ©2025 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona.  All Rights Reserved A campus of The California State University . Feedback Privacy Accessibility Document Readers