Chicago Public Schools Top of Page Skip to Content Visit cps.edu/immigration for information and resources regarding federal immigration enforcement in Chicago Dismiss Alert Navigation Shortcut Links Parents Students Community Staff Translation widget Toggle Search Search Close Main Navigation Schools Schools Overview Apply and Enroll Enrollment Requirements Student Attendance Report an Excused Absence Chronic Absenteeism Grade Levels Served Pre-K (Ages Birth-5) Elementary (Grades K-8) High School (Grades 9-12) School Profile and Metrics School Locator Map Virtual Academy Re-Engagement to High School Networks More About Schools Close Schools Subnav Academics Academics Overview Educational Standards Student Assessments Getting to the Next Grade Graduation Requirements High School Course Catalog College Credit Academic Enrichment Opportunities Language and Culture Service Learning STEM Career and Technical Education Work-Based Learning Multi-Tiered System of Supports Getting Back on Track Summer Programs Supportive Schools Sports Close Academics Subnav Services Services and Supports Overview College and Career Planning (Grades 6-12) Learn.Plan.Succeed SchooLinks Planning Tool Financial Aid Events Calendar High School Planning Student Records and Transcripts Aspen Parent and Student Portal Health and Wellness Health Forms for Parents and Caregivers Medical, Food and Other Public Benefits Health Resources Mental Health ADA and Workplace Accommodations School Meals and Nutrition Weather Guidelines Transportation Services Student Safety and Security Safe Passage Program School Crisis Management Response Emergency Management Plans CPS Student Safety Center CPS Background Check Process Bullying Prevention and Response Crisis Support Students in Temporary Living Situations Safe Haven Programs Pregnant and Parenting Students Special Education Special Education Process Services and Programs Related Service and Providers Policies and Procedures School Facilities Language and Cultural Supports International-Newcomer Student Services New Administration Guidance Parent Engagement Bilingual Advisory Committees (BACs) Community Relations Representatives Parents of Students with Disabilities Volunteer Programs Family and Community Engagement (FACE) Managers Parent University Back to School Information Homeschooling Close Services Subnav Initiatives Calendar Blog About About Overview Department Directory Together We Rise: CPS’ Five-Year Strategic Plan Blueprint Leadership Macquline King, Ed.D - Interim Superintendent/CEO Executive Leadership Network Leadership Principal Advisory Stats and Facts District Data Metrics Conduct Primary Research Demographics Health Data Charter, Contract, and Options Data District Surveys Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Labor Relations Finance Annual Financial Report Budget Capital Plan Emergency Relief Funding Local School Councils (LSCs) LSC Elections Non-District School Management School Transitions Chicago Board of Education Policies Policies & Rules Search Proposed Policies or Rule Changes Open for Public Comment Student Code of Conduct Policy Reporting Harassment, Misconduct, or Abuse Acceptable Use Policy Administrative Hearings Former Employees Student Online Personal Protection Act (SOPPA) Ethics Protecting Chicago's Students Non-Discrimination Statement Remote Access Website Accessibility What's New on CPS.edu Close About Subnav Navigation Visit cps.edu/immigration for information and resources regarding federal immigration enforcement in Chicago Dismiss Alert Open Navigation Close Navigation Search Search Main Navigation Schools View Schools Subnav Close Schools Subnav Schools Close Navigation Apply and Enroll View Schools Subnav Close Apply and Enroll Subnav Apply and Enroll Close Navigation Enrollment Requirements Student Attendance View Schools Subnav Close Student Attendance Subnav Student Attendance Close Navigation Report an Excused Absence Chronic Absenteeism Grade Levels Served View Schools Subnav Close Grade Levels Served Subnav Grade Levels Served Close Navigation Pre-K (Ages Birth-5) Elementary (Grades K-8) High School (Grades 9-12) School Profile and Metrics School Locator Map Virtual Academy Re-Engagement to High School Networks More About Schools Academics View Academics Subnav Close Academics Subnav Academics Close Navigation Educational Standards Student Assessments Getting to the Next Grade Graduation Requirements High School Course Catalog College Credit Academic Enrichment Opportunities Language and Culture Service Learning STEM Career and Technical Education Work-Based Learning Multi-Tiered System of Supports Getting Back on Track Summer Programs Supportive Schools Sports Services View Services Subnav Close Services Subnav Services Close Navigation College and Career Planning (Grades 6-12) View Services Subnav Close College and Career Planning (Grades 6-12) Subnav College and Career Planning (Grades 6-12) Close Navigation Learn.Plan.Succeed SchooLinks Planning Tool Financial Aid Events Calendar High School Planning Student Records and Transcripts Aspen Parent and Student Portal Health and Wellness View Services Subnav Close Health and Wellness Subnav Health and Wellness Close Navigation Health Forms for Parents and Caregivers Medical, Food and Other Public Benefits Health Resources Mental Health ADA and Workplace Accommodations School Meals and Nutrition Weather Guidelines Transportation Services Student Safety and Security View Services Subnav Close Student Safety and Security Subnav Student Safety and Security Close Navigation Safe Passage Program School Crisis Management Response Emergency Management Plans CPS Student Safety Center CPS Background Check Process Bullying Prevention and Response Crisis Support View Services Subnav Close Crisis Support Subnav Crisis Support Close Navigation Students in Temporary Living Situations Safe Haven Programs Pregnant and Parenting Students Special Education View Services Subnav Close Special Education Subnav Special Education Close Navigation Special Education Process Services and Programs Related Service and Providers Policies and Procedures School Facilities Language and Cultural Supports International-Newcomer Student Services New Administration Guidance Parent Engagement View Services Subnav Close Parent Engagement Subnav Parent Engagement Close Navigation Bilingual Advisory Committees (BACs) Community Relations Representatives Parents of Students with Disabilities Volunteer Programs Family and Community Engagement (FACE) Managers Parent University Back to School Information Homeschooling Initiatives Calendar Blog About View About Subnav Close About Subnav About Close Navigation Department Directory Together We Rise: CPS’ Five-Year Strategic Plan Blueprint Leadership View About Subnav Close Leadership Subnav Leadership Close Navigation Macquline King, Ed.D - Interim Superintendent/CEO Executive Leadership Network Leadership Principal Advisory Stats and Facts District Data View About Subnav Close District Data Subnav District Data Close Navigation Metrics Conduct Primary Research Demographics Health Data Charter, Contract, and Options Data District Surveys Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Labor Relations Finance View About Subnav Close Finance Subnav Finance Close Navigation Annual Financial Report Budget Capital Plan Emergency Relief Funding Local School Councils (LSCs) View About Subnav Close Local School Councils (LSCs) Subnav Local School Councils (LSCs) Close Navigation LSC Elections Non-District School Management School Transitions Chicago Board of Education Policies View About Subnav Close Policies Subnav Policies Close Navigation Policies & Rules Search Proposed Policies or Rule Changes Open for Public Comment Student Code of Conduct Policy Reporting Harassment, Misconduct, or Abuse Acceptable Use Policy Administrative Hearings Former Employees Student Online Personal Protection Act (SOPPA) Ethics Protecting Chicago's Students Non-Discrimination Statement Remote Access Website Accessibility What's New on CPS.edu Focus On Parents Students Community Staff Translation widget Main Chicago Public Schools Wishing everyone a safe and fun winter break! Classes will resume for CPS students on Tuesday, January 6. Find ideas for activities for students and families on our Winter Break web page. View Winter Break Activities Frequently Used Resources Apply and Enroll Aspen School Menus Report an Absence Health and Wellness Special Education Transportation Services Sports Careers Upcoming Events View Full Calendar Winter Break; No Classes External Communications 12/22 – 01/02 Monday 12 / 31 Professional Development Day; No Classes External Communications All Day Monday 1 / 05 Public Hearing: School Renewal Applications Board of Education 04:00PM – 08:00PM Thursday 1 / 08 January Board Agenda Review Committee Meeting Board of Education 10:30AM – 03:30PM Wednesday 1 / 14 Close Monday 12 / 22 / 2025 12/22 – 01/02 District Holidays and Days Off Winter Break; No Classes All CPS students and teachers will be on winter break from December 22 through January 2; all CPS offices will be closed from December 25 through January 1. Location Districtwide Add to Calendar Apple Outlook Outlook.com Google Yahoo Close Monday 1 / 05 / 2026 All Day District Holidays and Days Off Professional Development Day; No Classes A professional development day for staff; no classes for students. Location Districtwide Add to Calendar Apple Outlook Outlook.com Google Yahoo Close Thursday 1 / 08 / 2026 04:00PM – 08:00PM General Board Meetings Public Hearing: School Renewal Applications Chicago Public Schools will hold an in-person public hearing on Thursday, January 8, 2026, to receive public comments on the renewal applications submitted by school operators. The public hearing will be held in person from 4 p.m. - 8 p.m. at the CPS Board Chambers; 42 W. Madison, Chicago, IL 60602. Sign-in will begin at 3:30 p.m. and end at 7:00 p.m. Academy for Global Citizenship Charter School Acero Charter Schools Chicago Collegiate Charter School Chicago Math and Science Academy (CMSA) Charter School Christopher House Charter School Intrinsic Charter School University of Chicago Charter School Speaker Registration Registration to speak is required; the registration form can be accessed at the following link: https://cps.edu/cpsrenewal2026 . Speaker registration is available on a first-come, first-served basis and will open on Tuesday, December 30, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. and close on Wednesday, January 7, 2026, at 11:59 p.m. Observers Only those who have registered to speak have guaranteed access to the facility. Observers may access the facility based on space availability and can also access the hearing through the CPS YouTube channel at youtube.com/chipubschools . Details Due to the amount of operators being renewed, the number of speakers per operator will be capped at 11. Those who register to speak will have two minutes to provide comment. The hearing will conclude at 8 p.m. or after the last speaker, whichever comes first. Due to capacity limitations, the hearing officer has the discretion to group speakers based on topic. No food or drink is allowed in the facility. Each person may bring only one unopened, clear, single-use disposable water bottle; all other items will be confiscated. Signs, noisemakers, and other disruptive items are not permitted in the hearing. Submit a Written Comment We encourage members of the public to submit written comments by email to iandipublichearings@cps.edu. The record will remain open for written comments until Friday, January 9, 2026, at 12 p.m. Location CPS Board Chambers 42 W. Madison, Chicago, IL 60602 Add to Calendar Apple Outlook Outlook.com Google Yahoo Close Wednesday 1 / 14 / 2026 10:30AM – 03:30PM General January Board Agenda Review Committee Meeting The Chicago Board of Education holds its monthly Agenda Review Committee meeting on the second Wednesday of each month, unless otherwise indicated. Members of the public are welcome to present during the public participation portion of the meeting. Additional information, including instructions on how to register to speak at the meeting, is available on the Board website at cpsboe.org . Meetings are livestreamed on the CPS YouTube channel: youtube.com/chipubschools . Location CPS Loop Office, Garden Level, Board Room 42 W. Madison St. Chicago, IL 60602 Add to Calendar Apple Outlook Outlook.com Google Yahoo What's Happening at CPS Find the latest updates, announcements and news from the district. Immigration Resources for Families Find information about immigrant rights, legal resources, and trainings and workshops from Chicago organizations. View English View Spanish Update on SNAP Benefits We know that many in our CPS community are being impacted by delayed and reduced Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits for the month of November while the federal government remains shut down. For updates and information about where to find food assistance, view our SNAP web page. View Snap Page LSC App Dash Competition LSC App Dash is a District-wide competition to boost candidate applications for Local School Council elections. The competition runs from January 5–16. The school in each network with the most submissions will win exciting prizes and recognition. Visit the link below to apply for your LSC and help your school win. Apply Now Vaccine Guidance for Fall and Winter Staying up-to-date on vaccinations is crucial for protecting students and families from preventable diseases like COVID-19, flu, RSV, and measles. Visit our vaccination page for the latest guidance and information on how to get vaccinated. View Vaccine guidance Celebrating This Holiday Season Safely (English) Celebrating This Holiday Season Safely (Spanish) Joselin's Big Return Principal Appreciation: CEO Dr Macquline King Families of Immigrant Students: A Message From Interim Superintendent/CEO Dr. Macquline King Families of Immigrant Students: A Message from OMME Chief Karime Asaf (Spanish) Interim CEO Dr. Macquline King Looks Ahead to the Upcoming School Year Interim CEO Dr. Macquline King Looks Ahead to the Upcoming School Year (Spanish) CPS Blogs View All 14 November 2025 Catching Up with an Amazing Educator Whose Passion for Technology Still Shines 31 October 2025 Celebrating Principal Appreciation Month with the Principal of Dvorak School of Excellence 31 October 2025 Learning All About the Excellent Principal of Gunsaulus Scholastic Academy Community Updates View All 23 December 2025 Celebrating New Year’s Eve Safely In a letter to families, city agencies, including Chicago Public Schools, provide important safety reminders and resources. 19 December 2025 End of Week Message: Wishing Everyone a Safe and Enjoyable Winter Break! In a letter to families and staff, Interim Superintendent/CEO Dr. Macquline King showcases holiday events that took place at schools around Chicago. 19 December 2025 Celebrating Safely During Winter Break and New Year’s Eve In a letter to families, city agencies, including Chicago Public Schools, provide important safety reminders and resources. 18 December 2025 Changes to SNAP Delayed Until Feb. 1, 2026: What You Need to Know In a letter to families and staff, Interim Superintendent/CEO Dr. Macquline King provides an important update about SNAP benefits. 12 December 2025 End of Week Message: How CPS Students Learn By Doing In a letter to families and staff, Interim Superintendent/CEO Dr. Macquline King highlights the District's career and technical education programming. Five-Year Strategic Plan Our five-year strategic plan is the start of a new journey for our city’s children—a journey through which they will have the tools, resources, and support they need to excel both in and out of the classroom. Learn More Strategic Initiatives Continuous Improvement and Data Transparency AI Guidebook for CPS Black Student Success Healthy CPS Equity at CPS Arts Education Plan School Profile Search Explore the unique identities and characteristics of the schools that make up our District. As you browse our school profiles, you may notice that a lot has changed. We’ve made major updates to the information in the profiles to support CPS’ new approach to school practices and student outcomes. See what’s new. School Profiles Close Panel Find School Locator See all CPS schools and neighborhood boundaries on this searchable map. View Schools Enroll and Apply Start your journey at CPS by finding the school or program that's right for you. Learn More GoCPS Explore and apply to elementary and high schools across Chicago. Explore Chicago Early Learning Explore early childhood education options throughout Chicago. Explore Sign Up for the CPS Newsletter First Name * Please enter your name. Only letters, ' ,and - are allowed Email * Please enter a valid email address. I’m a CPS * Select One Parent/Guardian Student Community Member Staff Please make a selection from the dropdown. Sign Up Sign Up Follow Us Expand modal Close Thanks for signing up! Thanks for signing up! Look for us in your inbox shortly. Was this page helpful? Yes No Enter Feedback Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Back to top Page Footer CHICAGO PUBLIC SCHOOLS 42 W. Madison Street Chicago, IL 60602 773-553-1000 © 2025 Chicago Public Schools | 1.0.9456 | S5 Helpful Links Contact CPS Department Directory Networks Leadership Team Non-Discrimination Statement What's New Support CPS Press Releases Media Careers Procurement Policies & Rules Web Accessibility Follow us: twitter facebook blog youtube instagram linkedin Subscribe: Our Newsletter © 2025 Chicago Public Schools | 1.0.9456 | S5