The Crown Prosecution Service | The Crown Prosecution Service Skip to main content Search for Search for Careers Contact About us About us About CPS What we do Who we are How we are kept accountable Learn about the Crown Prosecution Service, what we do, how we work, our senior leaders and where we sit in the criminal justice system. Guidance for victims and witnesses Guidance for victims and witnesses Information and support for victims Information and support for victims of rape and serious sexual assault (RASSO) Information for witnesses Types of crime Find advice and support for victims and witnesses about the journey from charge to conviction. There is specific guidance for victims of rape and serious sexual assault. Guidance for prosecutors Guidance for prosecutors Prosecution guidance Prosecution guidance search Prosecution guidance library Engaging with victims Information for prosecuting advocates Find legal guides to supplement decision making, fees for prosecution counsel, how to become treasury counsel and how to apply for specialist advocate panels. News and publications News and publications News Publications Find latest news updates, contact information for our press office, as well as performance data, annual reports and accounts, research and consultations. About us About CPS What we do Who we are How we are kept accountable Guidance for victims and witnesses Information and support for victims Information and support for victims of rape and serious sexual assault (RASSO) Information for witnesses Types of crime Guidance for prosecutors Prosecution guidance Prosecution guidance search Prosecution guidance library Engaging with victims Information for prosecuting advocates News and publications News Publications Close menu Close Open menu Menu The Crown Prosecution Service Our duty is to make sure that the right person is prosecuted for the right offence, and to bring offenders to justice wherever possible. Find out more about what we do and who we are Victims and witnesses Discover more about the court process and how we’ll support you. Information and support for victims Information for witnesses Prosecutors and criminal justice professionals Information to help make charging decisions, about legal fees and joining our Advocate Panels Guidance for prosecutors Journalists and researchers For our latest news, policy updates and research News Publications Victims programme How we are improving our service for victims of crime. Victims programme Violence against women and girls How we are tackling rape, sexual offences and domestic abuse. Violence against women and girls CPS 2030 - our new organisational strategy CPS 2030 sets out what we want to achieve over the next five years to ensure we deliver justice through independent, fair and effective public prosecutions. It outlines how we’ll tackle the challenges we face as an organisation by increasing our capability, increasing casework quality, reducing delays across the criminal justice system and increasing trust in us. Read our new organisational strategy News Rise in coercive control charges marks a decade of progress 29 December 2025 Press Release Domestic abuse CPS Six immigration officers charged over alleged thefts from migrants 23 December 2025 Press Release Fraud and economic crime CPS Ringleader of £20 million drugs gang jailed for 14 years 23 December 2025 Press Release Drug offences International and organised crime CPS Rise in strangulation charges highlights CPS commitment to tackling domestic abuse 23 December 2025 Press Release Domestic abuse CPS Start your career with the Crown Prosecution Service Here at the Crown Prosecution Service, we’re committed to being a high-performing organisation and an excellent place to work. We believe in equal opportunities and creating a workplace where everyone can be themselves and their individuality is valued. Join us and find meaningful work that makes a difference to society. Careers Sign up to the CPS newsletter Receive regular newsletters from your local CPS area. Sign up Footer menu Careers Data protection Feedback and complaints Freedom of information CPS commercial and modern slavery statement Advocate Panels The Crown Prosecution Service 102 Petty France, London, SW1H 9EA Follow us Follow us on x Follow us on instagram Follow us on Youtube Follow us on linkedin GOV.UK is the place to find government services and information online. Footer secondary menu Crown Copyright and disclaimer Privacy and cookies Sitemap Accessibility statement © Crown copyright 2025