Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here's how you know
United States
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION
Calendar
•
News
•
Email Signup
•
Contact Us
Español
Recalls & Safety Education
Business & Manufacturing
Laws, Regulations & Proceedings
Research & Reports
About Us
Search
 
Search
As Winter Storms Threaten Millions in the U.S., CPSC Issues Safety Tips to Help Families Prevent Carbon Monoxide Poisoning and Fires
Don’t Be Left Out in the Cold This Holiday Season with Unsafe Presents: Buy from Trusted Sources
Put Safety on the Menu this Holiday Season
Pause
Winter Storm Safety
Shop Safely This Holiday Season
Holiday Cooking Safety Tips
CPSC Home Page
What We Do
 
Recalls and Product Warnings
 
Safety Education
 
Consumer Assistance
 
Small Business Assistance
 
Public Calendar
 
NEISS Injury Statistics
Featured Recall
Ozark Trail Tabletop 1-Burner Butane Camping Stoves Recalled Due to Serious Burn and Fire Hazards; Imported and Sold by Walmart; Manufactured by China Window Industry Co.
The stoves can explode or catch fire, posing a burn and fire hazard to consumers.
See All Recalls
Retiros en español
News
December 12, 2025
As Winter Storms Threaten Millions in the U.S., CPSC Issues Safety Tips to Help Families Prevent Carbon Monoxide Poisoning and Fires
December 09, 2025
Don’t Be Left Out in the Cold This Holiday Season with Unsafe Presents: Buy from Trusted Sources
November 19, 2025
Put Safety on the Menu: Consumer Product Safety Commission Offers Safe Cooking Tips for a Joyful Holiday Season
See All News
Noticias en español
Safety Education
Keep your family safe
Download our free posters, safety alerts, and more.
Learn More
Mantenga a su familia segura
Descarge afiches, alertas de seguridad y más.
Aprende más
Businesses & Manufacturers
Business Resources
Learn about the laws and regulations that apply to manufacturing, importing, or selling consumer products to the American people.
Business Education
Import Resources
Regulatory Robot – CPSC’s Regulation Identification Tool
CPSC Featured Image
Water your tree!
A dry Christmas tree can burn faster than paper. Keep your tree well-watered and make sure you have working smoke alarms on every level of your home and inside bedrooms.
Report an unsafe product
Return to top

U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission
4330 East-West Highway Bethesda, MD 20814

Contact Us: 800-638-2772 (TTY 800-638-8270)
Toll-Free Consumer Hotline | Time: 8 a.m. - 5.30. p.m. ET

Budget, Performances & Finance
Information Quality Act
Data
USA.gov
Connect
 
facebook
 
Instagram
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
Bluesky
TruthSocial
En español
 
facebook
 
Twitter
Website Feedback
Identifier Menu
Accessibility
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Privacy Policy
Open Government
FOIA
Inspector General
No Fear Act

Website disclaimer: This website, www.cpsc.gov, contains historic agency records issued prior to Exec. Order No. 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government (Jan. 20, 2025).  It is the policy of the United States to recognize two sexes, male and female, and to use the term “sex” and not “gender” in all applicable policies and documents.  Historical records, which the agency is required to maintain, may not reflect current CPSC policy. 

Sign up below to get the latest news, updates, and recalls.

Subscribe
No Thanks Remind Me Later