CQUniversity Skip to content Loading component... Create the success that means more to you Be. With CQU Study or Train with us Loading... Loading... Loading... Find a course Search by course or study area (When suggestions are available, use arrow keys to navigate the suggestion and press enter to select) Show Study Areas Loading component... Ways to Study TAFE Certificates and Diplomas Get job-ready skills with a wide range of online and on-campus TAFE certificates and diplomas available year-round. Undergraduate With five-star graduate outcomes, get career-ready with our extensive range of associate and bachelor degree options. Postgraduate Upskill, advance or change careers with a graduate certificate, graduate diploma or masters-level postgraduate degree. Research Leverage your passion and industry experience to further your career and make real change with a research degree. Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... Loading component... MyCQU Library Events News Study Study at CQU Study Options Why Choose CQU What to Study Find a course Undergraduate Degrees Postgraduate Degrees TAFE Certificates and Diplomas Research Higher Degrees Pathway Courses Short Courses and Micro-credentials Information About How to Apply Study Online Study at Uni Study at TAFE Prepare to Study Your Journey Your Student Experience Information For High School Students International Students First Nations Students Future Students Adult Learners Our Alumni Current Students Aspiring Researchers Research Explore Research Research Overview Study Research Research at CQU Current Research Research Ethics Research Integrity Research Organisations Research Excellence Research Higher Degrees Research Contact Information Engage Engage with CQU Engage Community Alumni Sponsorship Giving to CQU Social Impact Indigenous Engagement Industry Find Training for Staff Employ a Graduate Host a Student Become a Supplier Research Partnerships Apprenticeships and Traineeships Services University Shop Venue Hire CQU Gym Hair and Beauty Health Clinics Wellness Centre Restaurants Catering and Canteens About About CQU About CQU Contacts Who We Are Leadership and Strategy Excellence in Education Organisational Structure Annual Report How We Operate Locations Governance Safer Communities Our Schools Connect With Us Contacts Media Resource Centre Jobs at CQU Giving to CQU Indigenous Engagement Search by name or study area (When suggestions are available, use arrow keys to navigate the suggestion and press enter to select) Study Study at CQU Study Options Why Choose CQU What to Study Find a course Undergraduate Degrees Postgraduate Degrees TAFE Certificates and Diplomas Research Higher Degrees Pathway Courses Short Courses and Micro-credentials Information About How to Apply Study Online Study at Uni Study at TAFE Prepare to Study Your Journey Your Student Experience Information For High School Students International Students First Nations Students Future Students Adult Learners Our Alumni Current Students Aspiring Researchers Research Explore Research Research Overview Study Research Research at CQU Current Research Research Ethics Research Integrity Research Organisations Research Excellence Research Higher Degrees Research Contact Information Engage Engage with CQU Engage Community Alumni Sponsorship Giving to CQU Social Impact Indigenous Engagement Industry Find Training for Staff Employ a Graduate Host a Student Become a Supplier Research Partnerships Apprenticeships and Traineeships Services University Shop Venue Hire CQU Gym Hair and Beauty Health Clinics Wellness Centre Restaurants Catering and Canteens About About CQU About CQU Contacts Who We Are Leadership and Strategy Excellence in Education Organisational Structure Annual Report How We Operate Locations Governance Safer Communities Our Schools Connect With Us Contacts Media Resource Centre Jobs at CQU Giving to CQU Indigenous Engagement Search by name or study area (When suggestions are available, use arrow keys to navigate the suggestion and press enter to select) MyCQU Library Events News Explore our study areas Find the right course for you – choose an area of interest and explore the TAFE and uni course options available. Allied Health Business and Accounting Creative, Performing and Visual Arts Digital Media, Communication and Arts Education, Teaching and Childcare Engineering, Built Environment and Aviation English and Study Pathways Information Systems and Technology Law, Criminology and Justice Nursing, Paramedicine and Health Psychology, Social Work and Community Services Safety Sciences Science, Environment and Agriculture Service Industries Trades Entry Pathways We believe education is for everyone. Let us help you get into the course you want with our alternate pathways to study. Short Courses and Micro-credentials Build your professional development and explore an area of interest with our exciting range of flexible online courses. Feel Right at Home Online Choose from over 200 course options and discover a more welcoming and supportive online study experience thanks to our 40+ years’ experience. Study Online Why CQU World-class research in more than 20 fields ERA National Report 2018-19 Source 5 star rated student support The Good Universities Guide 2025 Source 9 in 10 CQU TAFE grads recommend the training they completed NCVER National Student Outcomes Survey 2022 Source More Play Create the success that means more to you Transcript MORE CQU VIDEOS Our Locations All Locations Discover the largest university footprint in Australia. Our 20+ regional and metropolitan locations are spread across the mainland and we also have a location in Jakarta, Indonesia. We make access to facilities and services easy, no matter where you live or how you want to study. All Locations Brisbane Queensland Sydney New South Wales Rockhampton Queensland Melbourne Victoria Townsville Queensland Adelaide South Australia Cairns Queensland Mackay Queensland Bundaberg Queensland Gladstone Queensland Emerald Queensland Regional University Centre Partners Australia Jakarta Indonesia Within Australia 13 27 86 Outside Australia +61 7 4930 9000 More Contacts CQUniversity acknowledges Traditional Owners and Custodians and pays respect to the Elders of all First Nations peoples of Australia. Collection Notice Right to Information Complaints and Feedback Privacy Accessibility Policy Copyright Disclaimer Giving to CQU Regional Universities Network Annual Report Sitemap CQUniversity Australia is a trading name of Central Queensland University ABN: 39 181 103 288 RTO Code: 40939 CRICOS: 00219C TEQSA: PRV12073 (Opens in new window) (Opens in new window) (Opens in new window) (Opens in new window) (Opens in new window) CQUniversity Australia is a trading name of Central Queensland University ABN: 63 944 888 667 RTO Code: 40939 CRICOS: 00219C TEQSA: PRV12073