India's Best CAT Online Coaching 2026 By 5-Time 100%iler Sign in Please select an account to continue using cracku.in ↓ → Open sidebar Select Exam CAT & OMETs IPMAT GMAT PDF Download PDF Get Started Courses CAT 2026 Course Everything you need to crack CAT 2026 Know More XAT Crash Course MAH-CET Crash Course CAT+GMAT Course SNAP Crash Course SRCC GBO Crash Course GMAT Course CMAT Crash Course CUET PG Crash Course IPMAT 2026 Course NMAT Crash Course GDPI Course Learn Videos Concept Videos Learn every concept from scratch Revision Videos Quick chapter-wise revision Question Videos Solve questions with explanations CAT Demo Videos Preview how our CAT course looks Live Classes CAT Live Classes Attend daily live CAT sessions XAT Live Classes Join guided XAT-focused live classes CAT 2026 Complete Course By 5 time CAT 100%iler Enroll Now Resources Concept Notes Concise chapter-wise study notes Quant Formulas Complete list of essential quant formulas Batch Schedule Check upcoming classes and daily tasks Download Batch Schedule PDF Practice CAT Study Room CAT VARC Practice Questions Practice verbal concepts with ease. CAT DILR Practice Questions Master DILR with focused practice CAT QA Practice Questions Improve quant through daily practice CAT Quant Rush Gamified way to practice quant CAT Verbal Rush Gamified way to practice verbal Daily Target CAT Daily Target Daily mix of CAT-focused questions OMETs Daily Target Daily practice tailored to all OMETs IPMAT Daily Target Sharpen IPMAT skills with daily practice Enroll in CAT 2026 Daily Target Enroll Now More Practice Materials Solved Sets Chapter-wise solved sets Bookmarks Save important questions and concepts Mock Tests Full Length Mock Tests CAT Mocks Includes 20 full-length CAT mocks XAT Mocks Includes 15 full-length XAT mocks SNAP Mocks Includes 15 full-length SNAP mocks NMAT Mocks Includes 18 adaptive NMAT mocks CMAT Mocks Includes 10 CMAT mocks MAH CET Mocks Includes 10 MAH CET mocks SRCC GBO Mocks Includes 10 SRCC GBO mocks CUET Mocks Includes 10 CUET mocks PGDBA Mocks Includes 10 PGDBA mocks IIMB UG Mocks Includes 10 IIM UG mocks IPMAT Mocks Includes 10 IPMAT mocks Try Our Free CAT Mock Take Test Sectional Mock Tests CAT Sectionals Includes 45 sectionals XAT Sectionals Includes 45 sectionals SNAP Sectionals Includes 45 sectionals NMAT Sectionals Includes 45 sectionals Previous Papers Previous Year Papers CAT Previous Papers Practice with real CAT exam papers XAT Previous Papers Familiarize yourself with XAT format SNAP Previous Papers Familiarize yourself with SNAP format NMAT Previous Papers Adaptive tests for NMAT prep CMAT Previous Papers Crack CMAT with previous papers SRCC GBO Previous Papers Practice SRCC GBO previous papers CUET Previous Papers Familiarize yourself with CUET format MAT Previous Papers Crack MAT with previous papers UG Exams Previous Year Papers IPMAT Previous Papers Crack IPMAT with previous papers JIPMAT Previous Papers Practice JIPMAT previous papers Tools IIM Call Predictor Evaluate your profile and set your targets CAT Score Calculator Calculate your score from response sheet CAT Profile Evaluator Evaluate your profile Exams CAT Exam Everything you need to know about the CAT exam OMET Exams Everything about other management entrance tests IPMAT and IIMB UG Everything you need to know about IPMAT and IIM UG CAT Syllabus Checkout the section-wise detailed syllabus in the form of PDF CAT Notification Check CAT notification date and important details CAT Exam Date Check important dates related to CAT exam, admit card etc. CAT Registration Check detailed CAT registration process and important dates CAT Eligibility Criteria Check detailed eligibility criteria for CAT exam CAT Exam Pattern Checkout the major changes in the CAT exam and pattern XAT Exam Find all the details about the XAT exam in one place. SNAP Exam Find all the details about the SNAP exam in one place. NMAT Exam Find all the details about the NMAT exam in one place. CMAT Exam Find all the details about the CMAT exam in one place. SRCC GBO Exam Find all the details about the SRCC GBO exam in one place. MAT Exam Find all the details about the MAT exam in one place. GMAT Exam Find all the details about the GMAT exam in one place. IPMAT IPMAT Mock Test (Free) Get 6 IPMAT Mock Tests for free IPMAT Previous Papers Download IPMAT previous Papers in the form of PDF IPMAT & IIMB UG Daily Targets Take these free tests to build consistency IIMB UG IIMB UG Mock Test (Free) Take 5+ free IIMB UG Mock tests in real exam format IIMB UG Study Room (Free) Practice from 2000+ IIMB UG questions available for free CAT 2026, Important Dates, Application Form, Eligibility Criteria Here we have discussed complete details on CAT 2026 with key dates, eligibility… Nehal Sharma November 10 - 5 Min read Top 5 OMET Exams in India, Exam Dates, Registration Last Date OMET Exams are  held annually from November to December. It is one of several m… Naveen Neredimalli May 12 - 5 Min read IPMAT Exam 2026, Dates, Eligibility, Syllabus and Registration Here we have discussed everything about the IPMAT Exam 2026 – registration, syl… Rakesh December 24 - 5 Min read Confused about your exam prep? Request callback More Free CAT Resources Valuable resources to boost your CAT prep Latest MBA Articles Get the latest MBA updates and tips CAT Daily Articles Enhance your VARC skills with daily articles MBA Colleges Everything about top B-Schools in India Trending Catch up on the trending exams Adda Join the Cracku community Cracku store Shop for exclusive Cracku study materials and merchandise Games Train your brain for CAT Success Stories Select Exam CAT & OMETs IPMAT GMAT Courses CAT 2026 Crash Course XAT Crash Course MAH-CET Crash Course CAT+GMAT Crash Course SNAP Crash Course SRCC GBO Crash Course GMAT  Course CMAT  Crash Course CUET PG Crash Course IPMAT 2026 Crash Course NMAT Crash Course GDPI Course Learn Videos Concept Videos Revision Videos Question Videos CAT Demo Videos Live Classes CAT Live Classes XAT Live Classes Resources Concept Notes Quant Formulas Batch Schedule Practice CAT Study Room CAT VARC Practice Questions CAT DILR Practice Questions CAT QA Practice Questions CAT Quant Rush CAT Verbal Rush Daily Target CAT Daily Target OMETs Daily Target IPMAT Daily Target More Practice Materials Solved Sets Bookmarks Mock Tests Full Length Mock Tests CAT Mocks XAT Mocks SNAP Mocks NMAT Mocks CMAT Mocks MAH CET Mocks SRCC GBO Mocks CUET Mocks PGDBA Mocks IIMB UG Mocks IPMAT Mocks Sectional Mock Tests CAT Sectionals XAT Sectionals SNAP Sectionals NMAT Sectionals Previous Papers Previous Year Papers CAT Previous Papers XATPrevious Papers SNAP Previous Papers NMAT Previous Papers CMAT  Previous Papers SRCC GBO Previous Papers CUET Previous Papers MAT Previous Papers UG Exams Previous Year Papers IPMAT Previous Papers JIPMAT Previous Papers Tools IIM Call Predictor CAT Score Calculator CAT Profile Evaluator Exams CAT Exam CAT Syllabus CAT Notification CAT Exam Date CAT Registration CAT Eligibility Criteria CAT Exam Pattern OMET Exams XAT Exam SNAP Exam NMAT Exam CMAT Exam SRCC GBO Exam MAT Exam GMAT Exam IPMAT and IIMB UG IPMAT Mock Test (Free) IPMAT Previous Papers IPMAT & IIMB UG Daily Targets IIMB UG Mock Test (Free) IIMB UG Study Room (Free) Success Stories More Free CAT Resources Latest MBA Articles CAT Daily Articles MBA Colleges Trending Adda Cracku Store Games Join CAT WhatsApp Group India's #1 CAT Online Coaching Experience the unparalleled expertise of a five-time 100 percentiler guiding your CAT preparation journey. Know More carousel previous navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel next navigation Maruti Konduri 5 Time CAT 100 Percentiler Sayali Kale GMAT 100%iler XAT Topper Starts Today CAT 2026 Sankalp Batch Get intensive, targeted preparation with expert  guidance, daily live classes, and comprehensive practice materials and  focused study plan. Enroll Now Study Plan carousel previous navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel next navigation 620+ Cracku Students Scored 99+ %ile in CAT 2025 You can be the next.... Enroll Now carousel previous navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel next navigation Aakash Dwivedi CAT 99.97%ile Mridul Tiwari CAT 99.98%ile Rhea Gulati CAT 99.95%ile Vishesh Garg CAT 99.81%ile Aaditya Prashant Mehar CAT 99.97%ile K T S Sai Teja CAT 100%iler I took Cracku’s mock exams, and the DashCATs were very similar to the actual CAT exam. Testimonials Profile Image Vinayak CAT 2025 - 99.99%ile My experience with Cracku was phenomenal. The live mock attempts by Sir and Ma'am were motivating and very encouraging. Testimonials Profile Image Ojas Jain CAT 2025 - 99.97%ile Explanations by Maruti Sir and Sayali Ma’am, along with the live streams, were very helpful during the final stretch. Testimonials Profile Image Vihaan Verma CAT 2025 - 99.99%ile Cracku mock test series were really helpful as they had video solutions and they helped me a lot in my preparation for CAT Testimonials Profile Image Rishi Roy CAT 2025 - 99.79%ile The guidance of Maruti Sir and Sayali Ma'am has actually helped me crack a good percentile. Testimonials Profile Image Shivanshu CAT 2025 - 99.76%ile Cracku has been central to how I’ve structured my CAT preparation. Daily Targets feature it brought discipline to my day. Testimonials Profile Image Amish Kakru CAT 2025 - 99.98%ile The experienced faculty and structured course material helped me strengthen my concepts and boost my confidence. Testimonials Profile Image Prasenjit Joy CAT 99.98%ile Cracku made my CAT preparation more structured, efficient and less daunting. Test series played a pivotal role in my preparation journey. Testimonials Profile Image Rhea Gulati CAT 99.95%ile The live classes and marathons sessions clarified complex concepts in QA, LR, and VA. Cracku was a game-changer in my CAT preparation. Testimonials Profile Image T Prasanna Vivek CAT 99.93%ile Cracku played a key role in helping me brush up on my quant basics and overcome my fear of RCs. Testimonials Profile Image Virajitha Vajha CAT 99.92%ile Sayali mam's lectures have been extremely beneficial to get around my basics. Cracku has been very important for my journey. Testimonials Profile Image Rushikesh Nikam CAT 99.92%ile For VARC, I took the strategy used by Maruti sir exactly. Testimonials Profile Image K Anand Babu CAT 99.88%ile I was able to get 99.6 percentile by Sayali Mam's concept videos and Maruti Sir's Guidance. Testimonials Profile Image Mohit Dalmia CAT 99.51%ile Maruti Sir's emphasis on basics rather than using shortcuts truly strengthened my foundation. Testimonials Profile Image Manas Negi CAT 99.51%ile Choosing Cracku for CAT preparation was one of the wisest decisions I made. I'm very thankful to them. Testimonials Profile Image Mili Garg CAT 99.20%ile Dashcats test series and Daily targets which proved of immense help during the final exam day. . Testimonials Profile Image Mridul Tiwari CAT 99.98%ile The concept videos at Cracku dealt with everything from absolute fundamentals, and it was a legit treat to witness the magical problem-solving skills of Maruti Sir and Sayali Ma'am. Testimonials Profile Image Unnat Akhouri CAT 99.96%ile From CAT to GMAT India’s Trusted Prep Partner Cracku’s proven methods now power GMATPoint — your trusted path to GMAT success and beyond! Start Your GMAT Prep Today carousel previous navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel next navigation carousel previous navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel  navigation carousel next navigation 99.9+ %ile 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Students 99.5+ %ile 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Students 99+ %ile 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Students 95+ %ile 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Students Open Drawer CAT Daily Targets Take daily tests with video solutions, attempted by around 3-5k students. Classes by CAT Toppers Learn from CAT 100%iler, IIM Alumni & Toppers Expert Doubt Solving Get your doubts answered within 1 working day by expert faculties. Proven Results In CAT 2024, 540 students scored above 99+ percentile. CAT Mock Tests Get 25 Full-length CAT mocks with video solutions. 20,000+ CAT Questions Thousands of practice tests with acutal CAT-level questions. CAT Study Plan Get Structured Daily Schedule! Daily Live CAT Classes Daily live classes at 7:30 pm (Mon - Sat) led by Maruti Sir, Sayali Ma'am and other CAT top scorers. CAT courses & Other MBA Courses ALL CAT OMETS GDPI CAT 2026 Exclusive Get intensive, targeted preparation with expert guidance, daily live classes for CAT, and comprehensive practice materials for CAT 2026 exam with focused study plan. ₹ 29,999 ₹ 49,999 40% OFF View Details Enroll Now CAT 2026 Complete Cracku Get intensive, targeted preparation with expert guidance, daily live classes, and comprehensive practice materials for CAT 2026 and Other MBA Exams with focused study plan. ₹ 39,999 ₹ 79,999 Scholarships Available View Details Enroll Now CAT 2026 Special Repeaters Batch (Exclusively For CAT) Prepare intensively and strategically for CAT 2026 with expert guidance, a detailed 3-month schedule, and comprehensive practice materials. ₹ 24,999 ₹ 59,999 58% OFF View Details Enroll Now CAT 2027 Complete Cracku Get intensive, targeted preparation with expert guidance, daily live classes, and comprehensive practice materials for CAT 2027 and Other MBA Exams with focused study plan. ₹ 59,999 ₹ 99,999 Scholarships Available View Details Enroll Now XAT 2026 Mocks and Sectionals Get the latest All-India full-length XAT 2025 mocks with detailed video and written solutions, along with 15 sectionals covering all topics. ₹ 999 ₹ 2,999 67% OFF View Details Enroll Now CMAT 2026 Online Coaching Get focused preparation for CMAT with excellent content, 110+ concept videos, practice tests, and full-length mocks. Covers the entire syllabus to Crack CMAT 2026! ₹ 2,999 ₹ 9,999 70% OFF View Details Enroll Now MAH MBA CET 2026 Crash Course Get focused preparation for MAH CET with excellent content, 130+ concept videos, practice tests, and full-length mocks. Covers the entire syllabus to Crack MAH CET! ₹ 4,999 ₹ 9,999 50% OFF View Details Enroll Now SRCC GBO 2026 Crash Course Get focused preparation for SRCC GBO with excellent content with concept videos, practice tests, and full-length mocks. Covers the entire syllabus to Crack SRCC GBO 2026! ₹ 2,999 ₹ 7,999 63% OFF View Details Enroll Now CUET PG 2026 Crash Course Get focused preparation for CUET PG with excellent content videos, 140+ practice tests, and 5 full-length mocks. Covers the entire syllabus to Crack CUET PG 2026! ₹ 1,999 ₹ 4,999 60% OFF View Details Enroll Now GDPI 2026 Basic GDPI 2026 Basic ₹ 6,999 ₹ 12,999 46% OFF View Details Enroll Now GDPI 2026 Essential GDPI 2026 Essential ₹ 11,999 ₹ 19,999 40% OFF View Details Enroll Now GDPI 2026 Personalized GDPI 2026 Personalized ₹ 17,999 ₹ 24,999 28% OFF View Details Enroll Now View all courses Show less CAT 2026 Exclusive Get intensive, targeted preparation with expert guidance, daily live classes for CAT, and comprehensive practice materials for CAT 2026 exam with focused study plan. ₹ 29,999 ₹ 49,999 40% OFF View Details Enroll Now CAT 2026 Complete Cracku Get intensive, targeted preparation with expert guidance, daily live classes, and comprehensive practice materials for CAT 2026 and Other MBA Exams with focused study plan. ₹ 39,999 ₹ 79,999 Scholarships Available View Details Enroll Now CAT 2026 Special Repeaters Batch (Exclusively For CAT) Prepare intensively and strategically for CAT 2026 with expert guidance, a detailed 3-month schedule, and comprehensive practice materials. ₹ 24,999 ₹ 59,999 58% OFF View Details Enroll Now CAT 2027 Complete Cracku Get intensive, targeted preparation with expert guidance, daily live classes, and comprehensive practice materials for CAT 2027 and Other MBA Exams with focused study plan. ₹ 59,999 ₹ 99,999 Scholarships Available View Details Enroll Now View all courses Show less XAT 2026 Mocks and Sectionals Get the latest All-India full-length XAT 2025 mocks with detailed video and written solutions, along with 15 sectionals covering all topics. ₹ 999 ₹ 2,999 67% OFF View Details Enroll Now CMAT 2026 Online Coaching Get focused preparation for CMAT with excellent content, 110+ concept videos, practice tests, and full-length mocks. Covers the entire syllabus to Crack CMAT 2026! ₹ 2,999 ₹ 9,999 70% OFF View Details Enroll Now MAH MBA CET 2026 Crash Course Get focused preparation for MAH CET with excellent content, 130+ concept videos, practice tests, and full-length mocks. Covers the entire syllabus to Crack MAH CET! ₹ 4,999 ₹ 9,999 50% OFF View Details Enroll Now SRCC GBO 2026 Crash Course Get focused preparation for SRCC GBO with excellent content with concept videos, practice tests, and full-length mocks. Covers the entire syllabus to Crack SRCC GBO 2026! ₹ 2,999 ₹ 7,999 63% OFF View Details Enroll Now CUET PG 2026 Crash Course Get focused preparation for CUET PG with excellent content videos, 140+ practice tests, and 5 full-length mocks. Covers the entire syllabus to Crack CUET PG 2026! ₹ 1,999 ₹ 4,999 60% OFF View Details Enroll Now View all courses Show less GDPI 2026 Basic GDPI 2026 Basic ₹ 6,999 ₹ 12,999 46% OFF View Details Enroll Now GDPI 2026 Essential GDPI 2026 Essential ₹ 11,999 ₹ 19,999 40% OFF View Details Enroll Now GDPI 2026 Personalized GDPI 2026 Personalized ₹ 17,999 ₹ 24,999 28% OFF View Details Enroll Now Get a Glimpse: CAT Online Classes Get expert faculty doubt-solving, 1 on 1 counselling and live CAT classes for better understanding! CAT Data Interpretation Learn smart strategies to solve CAT Data Interpretation sets quickly and accurately and this video explains basic concepts of Data Interpretation and approach to solve DI. CAT Percentages Intro This video demonstrates the most effective methods to solve CAT Percentage problems. Kickstart your CAT Percentages preparation with clear concepts and smart techniques! CAT RC Approach This video illustrates the best approaches to solve Reading Comprehension and Crack CAT RC with a proven strategy to boost accuracy and reduce confusion. CAT Averages Intro Kickstart your CAT Quant prep with easy-to-understand Averages basics and smart tips. This video explains basic concepts of Averages - Master CAT Averages in just minutes with easy tricks and shortcuts!. How to start CAT 2026 Preparation Kickstart your CAT 2026 preparation with this video by Sayali Maam! Learn how to plan your CAT journey the right way from Day 1. This session covers the ideal strategy, study plan, and key resources to build a strong foundation for CAT 2026. Start early, stay consistent, and set yourself up for success. CAT Triangles Intro Begin your CAT Geometry journey with the basics of Triangles explained clearly. This video explains the basic concepts in triangles for CAT Preparation. Build a strong foundation in Triangles to boost your CAT Geometry prep! CAT Einsteins Puzzle Sharpen your logic for CAT with Einstein’s famous riddle and this video explains how to solve Logical Reasoning sets based on Einsteins Puzzle. CAT Para Completion Learn how to solve Para Completion questions with accuracy and speed for CAT. Para Completion video, delivering strategic insights for precise sentence insertion and heightened passage coherence. CAT Time and Work Learn the easiest approach to solve Time and Work questions for CAT with speed and accuracy and this video teaches the basic concepts of Time and Work. CAT Linear Arrangement This video teaches how to tackle linear arrangements in Logical Reasoning section for a winning exam strategy. Crack CAT Linear Arrangement sets with smart techniques and clear logic! CAT Ratio & Proportion Understand Ratio & Proportion concepts with clarity and ace CAT Quant and this video explains the basics concepts and properties of Ratio and Proportion Previous Button Next Button About Maruti Sir & Sayali Ma'am MARUTI KONDURI 5-Time CAT 100%iler Maruti Sir is the Co-founder and CEO of Cracku, one of India’s most trusted platforms for CAT online preparation. An alumnus of IIT Bombay (2008) and IIM Ahmedabad (2011), he began his career at Barclays Investment Bank before following his passion for education and co-founding Cracku in 2014. 
With over 10 years of teaching experience, Sir is known for effortlessly simplifying even the most complex Quant and Logical Reasoning problems, making learning seamless for CAT aspirants nationwide.
He is a 5-time CAT 100 Percentiler (CAT 2024, CAT 2023, CAT 2022, CAT 2021, CAT 2019) and 99.99 percentile in CAT 2020.
His dedication to quality teaching and students has made him a revered mentor for serious CAT aspirants nationwide. SAYALI KALE CAT 99.97%iler, GMAT 100%iler Sayali Ma’am is the Head of Content at Cracku , one of India’s leading CAT online preparation institutes. An alumna of IIM Ahmedabad (2011) and a graduate from VJTI Mumbai, she brings a rare combination of academic excellence and corporate experience, having previously worked as a Trader at Citigroup.
With over 10 years of experience mentoring aspirants for CAT and other MBA entrance exams, she is known for her in-depth conceptual clarity and detailed explanations, earning the admiration of thousands of CAT aspirants.
She is a GMAT 100 percentiler (785 Score), Topper in CAT 2021, CAT 2022 & CAT 2023, XAT All-India Topper in 2023 & 2025, NMAT Topper in 2024 (297 Score) & 2023 (292 Score)
Her passion for teaching and dedication to students continue to make her a beloved mentor in the MBA prep community. Close modal Loading... Hear from our students Join Cracku today and take a step closer to your dream B-School! My initial preparation was solely based on taking mocks. Not preparing in a structured manner meant that there were glaring gaps in my understanding of a few concepts. So, I signed up for the CAT Crash Course. The concise concept videos helped me fill these gaps in a short period of time. I also benefitted a lot from sectional tests which allowed me to try out different test-taking strategies. I appreciate the effort put in by your extremely self-driven and passionate team. Sai Teja - CAT 100%iler Previous Button Next Button Over 20,000+ Students Trust Us 540+ students scoring 99+ percentile in CAT 2024 Results , Cracku stands as the top choice for CAT 2025 aspirants! Joining Cracku was one of the best decisions I made for my exam preparation. The experienced faculty and structured course material helped me strengthen my concepts and boost my confidence. The regular mock tests simulated the actual exam environment, ensuring I was well-prepared and stress-free on the big day. I am truly grateful to the team for their unwavering support and guidance throughout my journey. Highly recommend Cracku to anyone aiming to achieve their academic goals. Prasenjit 99.98%ile Cracku has helped me a lot in my journey to ace CAT 2024. It played a significant role by emphasizing on the basics and problem solving skills by engaging us in marathons and many exam oriented videos! Maruti Sir and Sayali Maam gave many tips which were really helpful in the final days of the CAT. They helped me maintain my momentum in the days to the exam. Cracku was a game-changer in my CAT preparation. Its comprehensive study material, engaging video lectures, and meticulously designed mock tests provided a one-stop solution for all my preparation needs. The mock tests were a bit tough than the actual CAT exam which helped me to be more prepared and work on my weak areas effectively.The sectional tests and daily practice sets ensured consistent practice, while the live classes and marathons clarified complex concepts in Quantitative Ability, Logical Reasoning, and Verbal Ability. The selectively curated question playlists helped me solve as well as gain momentum and speed for the actual CAT exam. Cracku’s structured approach helped me develop confidence and a strategic mindset, crucial for tackling the CAT exam. I wholeheartedly recommend Cracku to every CAT aspirant. I really want to thank Cracku. Maruti Sir's and Sayali Maam's tips and guidance really helped me a lot! Prasanna Telawane 99.93%ile Cracku has been very important for my journey. Last year, although I scored 99.5%ile, I had no calls as I only scored 8 marks in DILR, missing sectional cutoffs. This year, Sayali mam's lectures have been extremely beneficial to get around my basics and the continuous practice via daily targets helped me analyze my weak areas. The mocks were of a higher level, but eventually it helped when the exam was easier as I was prepared for everything. Rushikesh Nikam 99.92%ile I've scored 133 in the CAT 2024 exam. Sayali Ma'am's explanations helped me a lot. LRDI section again had very challenging sets which prepared me for the worst. And that was the best part of it. Maruti sir's explanations there helped me optimize my time and the problems that I was solving because of concepts. But yeah, those explanations helped me a lot. So yeah, I'd recommend anyone who's a serious CAT aspirant who wants to score really high. Cracku's mocks prepares you for the worst. And yeah, that's how you be the best, right. Swaraj Pal Kesari 99.95%ile I started my CAT preparation in September with the help of Cracku's crash course. Cracku played a key role in helping me brush up on my quant basics and overcome my fear of RCs. The unlimited resources available in the Cracku study room, along with the regular live sessions, were immensely helpful. Additionally, the high-quality questions in Dashcats prepared me to tackle any challenges CAT could throw my way. Virajitha Vajha 99.93%ile I was able to get 99.6 percentile in 3 months due to Sayali Mam's concept videos and Maruti Sir's Guidance. Moreover the mocks are very high quality mocks, and it really prepares you for CAT. Really thankful to the Cracku Team, Glad I chose them. Mohit Dalmia 99.60%ile At first, I only prepared by taking mock exams. This unstructured approach left significant gaps in my understanding of some concepts. To address this, I enrolled in the Crash Course. The brief concept videos in the course quickly helped me bridge these knowledge gaps. Additionally, the sectional tests were very beneficial, as they let me experiment with various test-taking strategies. I'm grateful for the dedication and passion of Cracku team. Varun Reddy 99.12%ile Cracku is one of the best CAT Coaching out there. It is a complete package with daily targets, video lectures, live classes and mocks. Maruti sir, Sayali ma'am and the entire Cracku team have done a wonderful job. Parth Bohra 99.55%ile When it comes to CAT & OMET's, I feel that no one does it better than Cracku. The dynamic duo of Maruti Sir and Sayali Ma'am alongside the other team members leave no stone unturned in delivering the best preparation material for the tests. Be it the sectionals, mocks, or the live lectures, everything is covered in details, and at a very effective cost. Highly recommended to all the MBA aspirants. Vivek Singh 99.56%ile Cracku has helped me immensly in my CAT preferation with a question bank full of the toughest, most asked questions helping me develop proficiency in each section. The VARC sectionals made me completely ready for the D-day and I am glad to have purchased the course. Revant Madnani 99.43%ile Cracku prepared me for the worst. The mocks were challenging and always taught me new concepts or efficient ideas. As Maruti Sir says, it is better to give a tough mock and learn, than to give an easy one and relax. Cracku is the place to learn and become better. The course, the mocks, and the video solutions cater to a large audience providing competition and a platform for discussion with your peers and seniors. I thank Sayali Ma'am, Maruti Sir, and the entire team for their efforts. Thanks a lot!! Shrey Srivastava 99.24%ile Cracku's Test series played a pivotal role in my preparation journey. The carefully curated set of questions spanning different difficulty levels helped me build my confidence and improve my problem solving skills. The detailed solutions and video explanations were incredibly insightful, enabling me to identify and work on my weak areas effectively. Cracku made my CAT preparation more structured, efficient and less daunting. I am truly grateful for their support and guidance throughout this journey. Rhea Gulati 99.95%ile I bought Cracku's test series for my CAT preparation for the CAT 2024 examination. The mock tests were really helpful for the preparation because they actually prepare you for all the adversities that you might face on the exam days. Like all the mocks had different kind of levels for every section. So they give you a comprehensive preparation and confidence to get into exam whether it will come difficult or easy. You are well prepared if you are giving Cracku mocks. Vishesh Garg 99.81%ile I had taken Cracku Course and Mocks, the Live video classes helped me to revise all the topics and i could clear my concepts with them. The daily targets which are available for free on the cracku are really great, which i tried to solve everyday even when I had very little time, they helped me to get back on track when i couldnt study/practice on certain days due to my work schedule. A Sai Priya 99.01%ile During my CAT'23 and CAT'24 season I enrolled for the Dashcats test series and Daily targets which proved of immense help during the final exam day. In 2023 the quant paper was almost a replica of a typical dashcat paper. Also the variety covered in DILR was exhausting and more than sufficient for practice.The video solutions were also easy to understand and made the question solving process much easier. Thank you Cracku team for being such a wonderful support for both the years. Mridul Tiwari 99.98%ile I am writing this message to inform students of one of the most underrated yet excellent resources for CAT. The concept videos at Cracku dealt with everything from absolute fundamentals, and it was a legit treat to witness the magical problem-solving skills of Maruti Sir and Sayali Ma'am. Please take advantage of the study room of Cracku, wherein one gets tons of quality questions. These questions are so innovative that they forced me to think about many concepts. While we need help to get hands-on with some quality RCs or LR sets to practice, the study room has over 500 RCs and around 600-700 LRDI sets, which are more than sufficient for the preparation. The DashCATs were of supreme quality, which absolutely matched the actual exam. The RCs used to have extraordinarily tricky yet logical options, LR sets always posed challenges in selecting the right sets, and QA had a great mix of questions to pick from. Last but not least, the faculty was constantly in touch to help with all the academic and non-academic queries. Hence, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that Cracku caters to every aspect smoothly and conveniently. If dedicated enough, an aspirant can extract immense value from the resources and mentorship the faculties gives. Unnat Akhouri 99.96%ile Cracku was my first step to CAT coaching. I had no clue where to start, but with the regular daily tests, sectional tests and full length mock tests I assessed my strengths and weaknesses and worked on them. The live videos organized periodically were also of great help. At the end I would like to thank cracku and would recommend it highly to students seriously preparing for CAT or other MBA exams. Om Adarsh 99.98%ile As a working professional in a busy job who had not taken the CAT before, Cracku's offerings were just what I needed. The bite-sized lessons were concise yet easy to follow, and the daily targets ensured I was able to get some practice in before or after work on most days. The platform has been gamified and organised really well, which makes the learning experience seamless and a lot of fun. Really appreciate the efforts Maruti sir, Sayali ma'am and the entire Cracku team have put into building the platform and content - it's really high quality stuff! Vikram Aditya Sharma 99.95%ile Cracku is best for CAT preparation. The Dashcat mocks level was at par with the CAT. The mocks were very well designed by the faculty keeping it up to date with the CAT's trend. Difficulty level of questions of daily targets, sectional and study room were very well thought of video solutions and mock attempts by Maruti Sir and Sayali Ma'am were really helpful, as i formed my paper attempting strategy learning from them. In short CRACKU is best in the business. Siddhant Samyak 99.75%ile Dashcats and video lectures quite helpful in preparation. And difficulty of QA practice questions helped me to score well in Quants. Nitin Mangla 99.95%ile I enrolled for Cracku cat course in Jan 2023. I followed the daily schedule of the course as well as the booster classes. Daily targets were a great help. I completed all of them. DashCATs were amazing, especially the DILR section which were novel and thought provoking. The VARC section of dashcats were excellent. Each passage were interesing to read. Quant section was great too. Study room was a great help. It is well segregated.I solved questions from DILR and Quant studyroom towards the end of the preparation. I thank Sayali madam, Maruti sir and Cracku team for helping me achieve the score. Amal C Sivan 99.93%ile My initial preparation was solely based on taking mocks. Not preparing in a structured manner meant that there were glaring gaps in my understanding of a few concepts. So, I signed up for the CAT Crash Course. The concise concept videos helped me fill these gaps in a short period of time. I also benefitted a lot from sectional tests which allowed me to try out different test-taking strategies. I appreciate the effort put in by your extremely self-driven and passionate team. K T S Sai Teja 100%iler The extensive question bank based on difficulty level helped me practice a lot based on the areas where I was struggling and what level of questions were those. Deveshwar Mandava 99.92%ile Cracku sectional and full length mocks are really helpful. It gives an idea about attempt strategy and time management. Bhumika Mittal 99.99%ile Cracku helped me to maintain regularity with their daily tests. The materials and sectional tests helped to brush up my concepts. The mock tests are also at par with the level of questions in the actual exam and solving and analysing these mock tests helped to improve my score. Priyadarshini Das 99.91%ile Cracku had some of the best test material and the dash cat test series was the most accurate to the actual cat and prepared me in the best way, and not to mention the daily target question quality was really very good and it helped me keep up on a daily basis. Rishab Ram 99.89%ile Cracku is definitely one of the best when it comes to CAT. Maruti and Sayali have done a wonderful job with the video series and the DashCAT solutions are very well made. When it comes to preparation for Quant, I can safely say that Cracku is the most comprehensive and the best out there. Kudos for providing quality content at an affordable price-point. Aravind Muralidharan 99.87%le I did my CAT preparation while i was working. It was extremely challenging for me to balance my cat preparation along with my work under limited time available. The structured learning material curated by Cracku made my journey immensely easy. Especially the daily targets and the study room. The mocks provided by Cracku was top notch and conditioned me to give my best on the D day. The live streams and the motivation by Maruti sir and Sayali mam helped me very much during my cat journey. I thank Cracku for helping me crack cat. Vaisakh PJ 99.84%ile When I first started preparing for CAT, I was completely unaware of the exam pattern as well as the syllabus. But Cracku's well-curated 125-day crash course provided a very targeted approach for my preparation. The tutors and mentors were able to explain topics and solve my doubts quite clearly, and I found the mocks to be very consistent and accurate as per the actual CAT level of difficulty. Uttank Jha 99.65%ile Cracku is basically a one-stop shop for CAT. And is by far the most inexpensive coaching out there. And it gets better, because the mocks are the closest to the real exam among all other major coaching institutes, the interface is just like CAT, and the analysis is brilliant. Cracku prepared me for the worst of scenarios, which led me to this performance. Tirtharaj Choudhury 99.64%ile Cracku helped me get done with my basics initially, then it was helpful in providing me with sectionals and most importantly study room which was very helpful throughout my cat journey, as I could pick up any weak topic and practise for that topic exclusively which is a top notch feature of cracku. Finally cracku helped with Dashcats, which were designed very close to cat or I would say a bit tougher, however doing well in dashcats could easily reflect in your actual CAT. I would like to thank Maruti Sir and Sayali ma'am for mentoring me throughout the CAT journey with the help of recorded videos. Thank you cracku. Anirudh Suresh 99.51%ile I am very grateful for Sayali ma'am and Maruti sir's course videos and livestreams; they helped me strengthen my concepts and build confidence. Dashcats, daily targets and the extensive study material ensured that I was prepared for whatever the exam threw at me. Trisha Awari 99.33%ile Cracku splits its content into doable daily tasks, which motivated me to log in and build upon my existing knowledge base or learn something new every day. Ubaidullah Kazi 99.27%ile I had completely relied on Cracku for my CAT preparations. Their video lectures, study room problems and DashCAT mocks really helped me in my journey for CAT preparation. Vaishnavi Patil 99.25%ile Cracku has been really helpful in providing the most structured and optimised study plan for CAT according to me. The Daily Targets and the Study Rooms have really helped maximise productivity in solving as many questions as one can. The Mocks have also been super helpful. Sajal  Swapnil 99.23%ile Join Cracku for Best CAT Online Coaching, Trusted from the past 10 years! Enroll Now Frequently Asked Questions Open Drawer What is CAT Exam? Is 6 months enough for CAT coaching? What are the fees for CAT coaching online? Is online coaching good for CAT? What is the Syllabus for CAT and Other MBA Exams in 2025? What is CAT Score Vs Percentile for CAT 2025? How many MBA Seats are there in IIMs? What  are the important topics for CAT 2025? Which is better CAT online coaching or CAT offline coaching? CAT Online Coaching - FAQs Close menu What is CAT Exam? CAT is a nationwide examination administered by the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) to select candidates for admission into various management programs. Besides the IIMs, many other top MBA colleges in India accept the CAT Score. B-schools such as the Faculty of Management Studies (FMS) Delhi, SP Jain Institute of Management and Research (SPJIMR), Management Development Institute (MDI), Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies (JBIMS), IIT-MBAs, IMT Ghaziabad, etc., use CAT score in their admission process. There are many other MBA entrance exams available, but there is a unique preference for the candidates who ace the CAT exam during the admission process of the respective colleges. But why? The reason is that CAT tests a student's aptitude, logical reasoning, reading comprehension, time management, etc. These are the basic skills for aspiring managers/business leaders before starting their MBA journey. The CAT serves as the initial stage in the selection process. Institutes compile a shortlist of candidates based on CAT scores and various other criteria, such as 10th-grade marks, 12th-grade marks, graduation percentages, and work experience. The selection criteria and the weight assigned to each factor, including the CAT score, can differ from one institute to another. Is 6 months enough for CAT coaching? The short answer is yes. It is doable. And it is also subjective. It depends on where you currently stand. If you need to start working from the basics, aiming for 8-10 months will give you ample time to practice. For instance, six months is more than required if you scored 90+ percentile in your previous attempt. What are the fees for CAT coaching online? The fees for Cracku's CAT online coaching are INR I7,999 - 24,999, depending on the course the individual opted for. The fees for other institutes will be between 29,999 and 45,999 INR. Cracku is known for its closeness to actual CAT-level questions, good conceptual clarity-oriented pedagogy, and good ROI. Is online coaching good for CAT? CAT online coaching is a good option for those who want to save time and money for their CAT journey. It is the best option for aspirants in their final years of college and working professionals. This is because this option will help you with recording videos and revisiting your class recordings to clarify any conceptual understanding in future. What is the Syllabus for CAT and Other MBA Exams in 2025? 1. CAT 2026 Syllabus There are 3 primary sections in CAT Exam Syllabus - Verbal Ability and Reading Comprehension, Data Interpretation and Logical Reasoning, and Quantitative Aptitude. The following table explores the important topics to be covered for CAT 2026 preparation: Sectional Important Topics Weightage Verbal Ability & Reading Comprehension (VARC) Long & Short RCs and Verbal Ability: Parajumbles, Odd Sentence, Para Summary and Para insertion. 36.36% Data Interpretation& Logical Reasoning (DILR) Seating arrangement, Team formation, Clocks & Calendars, Data Charts, Data Tables, Bar Graphs, Venn Diagrams 30.30% Quantitative Ability (QA) Arithmetic, Algebra, Number System, PnC, Probability, Mensuration, Trigonometry, Geometry. 33.33% 2. NMAT  2025 Syllabus Quantitative Skills Syllabus Topic Sub-Topics Arithmetic Ratio-Proportion, Percentages, Simple & Compound Interest, Time & Work, Partnerships, Profit & Loss, Time, Speed & Distance Algebra Linear & Quadratic Equations, Inequalities, Logarithms, Functions & Graphs, Absolute Value, Surds & Indices etc. Modern Maths Probability, Permutation & Combination, Sequence & Series, Venn Diagram, Set Theory Number Theory Factors & Multiples, HCF & LCM, Remainders, Divisibility Rules Geometry & Mensuration Lines, Angles, Triangles, Polygons, Circles, Quadrilaterals, Squares, Rectangles, 3 Dimensional Figures Data Interpretation Line Chart, Bar Graph, Pie Chart, Table Based Data Sets, Combined Graph Data Sets Language Skills Syllabus Topic Sub-Topic Comprehension RCs, Para Jumbles, Odd One Out, Jumbled Sentences, Para Summary Grammar Sentence Correction, Parts Of Speech, Identifying the Error, Tenses, Phrasal Verbs Vocabulary Synonyms, Antonyms, Cloze Test, Fill in the blanks, Idioms Logical Reasoning Skills Syllabus Topic Sub-Topic Analytical Reasoning Arrangements, Syllogisms, Blood Relations, Coding & Decoding, Input-Output, Matrix Verbal Reasoning Statement - Argument, Assumption, Inference, Course of Action, Critical Reasoning Check Complete Details on, NMAT Syllabus 2024 3. SNAP 2025 Syllabus Majorly, the SNAP exam has three sections. These are General English, Quantitative Ability, Data Interpretation & Data Sufficiency and Analytical & Logical Reasoning. You can check out all the topics of each section below: Section Topics Weightage General English RC, Synonyms, Antonyms, Fill in the blanks, PJ, Sentence Correction, Odd one out, Idioms, Verbal Reasoning, Different Usage of Same Word 25% Analytical & Logical Reasoning Linear & Matrix Arrangements, Puzzles, Syllogisms, Functions, Cause & Effect, Statement & Conclusion, Family Tree, Sequencing, Assertion & Reasoning, Critical Reasoning, Coding & Decoding 42% Quantitative & Data Interpretation Skills Number Systems, Arithmetics, Algebra, Geometry, Modern Maths, Trigonometry, Set theory, Calendar & Clock, Graphs & Tables, Line Charts, Venn Diagram, Pie Charts, Tables 33% Check Complete Details on, SNAP Syllabus 2024 4. XAT 2026 Syllabus Check out the chart below for a breakdown of the important XAT 2025 topics. Questions from these topics typically dominate the XAT question paper. XAT Sections Important topics Verbal and Logical Ability Reading Comprehension, Vocabulary, Analogy, Para Jumble, Grammar, Critical Reasoning, Fill in the Blanks Decision Making Data Arrangement, Conditioning, Grouping, Complex Arrangement, Caselets, Assumptions, Premises, Conclusions, etc. Quantitative Ability & Data Interpretation Arithmetic, Geometry, Mensuration, Percentage, Surds and Indices, Algebra, Mensuration, Bar Diagrams, Pie Charts, Tables, Data Interpretation, etc. General Knowledge Science, Economy, Business, Politics, Static GK, Sports, Prize and Award, World, Government, Constitution of India, etc. What is CAT Score Vs Percentile for CAT 2025? Based on the CAT 2025 analysis and patterns similar to recent CAT exams, the following table shows the section-wise expected score vs percentile. These estimates are derived from the difficulty level reflected in CAT exam and past-year trends. Percentile VARC DILR Quant Overall 99.9 53 42 51 110 99.5 47 35 40 96 99 41 26 32 85 95 32 21 25 64 90 25 15 18 53 85 22 13 16 47 80 19 12 12 41 60 13 8 10 26 How many MBA Seats are there in IIMs? There are about 21 IIMs across India. These are one of the top MBA colleges where candidates appear for CAT to get into.The table below mentions the total number of seats in all IIMs: Name of IIM Total Seats in IIM Courses Offering At IIMs IIM Ahmedabad (IIM A) 408 MBA, PGP FABM, and PGP ABM IIM Amritsar 334 MBA, MBA BA, and HR IIM Bangalore(IIM B) 530 MBA, PG PPM and BA IIM Bodh Gaya(IIM BG) 300 PGPM IIM Calcutta (IIM C) 480 MBA, PGD BA, and PGPEX VLM IIM Indore (IIM IDR) 487 PGP, and IPM IIM Jammu 246 MBA IIM Kashipur 321 MBA, and MBA BA IIM Kozhikode 484 MBA IIM Lucknow (IIM L) 566 PGP, PGP ABM, and SM IIM Mumbai 278 MBA IIM Nagpur 267 PGP IIM Raipur 377 PGP IIM Ranchi 246 PGPM, and PGPHRM IIM Rohtak 399 PGPM, and IPM IIM Sambalpur 197 PGPM IIM Shillong 382 PGPM IIM Sirmaur 281 MBA, MBA-T and HM IIM Tiruchirappalli 378 PGPM, PGP HR, and PGPBM IIM Udaipur 361 PGPM IIM Vishakhapatnam(IIM Vizag) 383 PGPM What  are the important topics for CAT 2025? Based on the consistent nature of the CAT over the years, we can expect the structure and broad topics to remain similar to previous years. Aspirants can check the CAT syllabus 2025 for details. Section Topics Quantitative Ability (Quant) Arithmetic- (Ratios, Averages, Percentages. Profit & Loss, Time & Work, Speed & Distance, etc.) Algebra- (Equations, Inequalities, Logarithms) Geometry- (Lines, Angles, Triangles, Circles, Mensuration) Number Properties- (HCF, LCM, Factors) Verbal Ability & Reading Comprehension (VARC) Reading ComputerTime-based Varied Difficulty Passages, Inference, Summary Writing) Para Jumbles Sentence Correction Odd One Out Grammar- (Subject-Verb Agreement, Idioms & Phrases, etc.) - Important for OMETs Logical Reasoning & Data Interpretation (LRDI) Arrangements- (Seating Arrangements, Circular Arrangements) Tables- (Tables with missing data) Puzzles- Einstein Puzzle, Matrix etc. Data Interpretation- (Tables, Bar Graphs, Line Graphs, Pie Charts, Caselets) Which is better CAT online coaching or CAT offline coaching? According to toppers online coaching is far better than traditional offline coaching in many ways, some of them are listed below: Study Anytime, Anywhere : Online coaching allows students to access study materials, video lectures, and practice tests at any time and from any location. This flexibility is particularly beneficial for working professionals or students with busy schedules. It saves a lot of time, that a student can use in studying. Self-Paced Learning : Students can learn at their own pace, revisiting difficult concepts and speeding through areas they are already comfortable with. On the other hand, in offline classes you have to adjust yourself with other students of the class. Cost effective: Online CAT coaching is generally more economical than its offline counterpart. This is because online classes eliminate travel expenses, which can be significant if the coaching institute is located in another city, as well as accommodation costs. Request Callback Why To Choose Cracku? Close menu Free CAT Resources We provide CAT previous papers , CAT Daily targets, CAT questions, CAT exam syllabus , MBA blogs and other free tools, such as the CAT percentile predictor, CAT score calculator, CAT percentile required for IIM calls, XAT Essay AI Evaluator and many more. The primary objective is to support students throughout their MBA journey. All the resources mentioned above are free and can be accessed by anyone. CAT Daily Targets CAT Daily Targets provide an effective way to stay engaged with all three sections of the CAT exam. Each day, you'll receive one Reading Comprehension passage, one Logical Reasoning or Data Interpretation set, and a set of five Quantitative Aptitude questions. The difficulty of these questions matches that of actual CAT questions, ensuring that you stay consistent and maintain your momentum Our CAT toppers have praised these daily targets, noting that they significantly helped them maintain consistency and focus during their preparation. By integrating CAT Daily Targets into your study routine, you can ensure a well-rounded and rigorous preparation, mirroring the exam's demands and enhancing your readiness. 1 on 1 Mentorship Cracku offers personalized 1:1 mentorship to assist students with their CAT preparation. Students can easily book slots on Cracku website and choose times that suit their schedules. This guidance helps us address individual needs and enhances overall preparation, providing focused support to optimise study strategies and performance. Expert Doubt Solving Cracku's Doubt Solving team comprises CAT experts who are always available to address your queries. These professionals ensure that every student's question is answered comprehensively and quickly. We ensure that our students get detailed responses within one working day, allowing for minimal disruption in their study routine. The team's expertise spans all sections of the CAT exam, ensuring that students receive high-quality guidance and clarification on any topic. This quick and thorough doubt resolution service is designed to support continuous learning and to help students overcome any obstacles they encounter during their preparation. Cracku's commitment to timely and detailed doubt resolution underscores their dedication to student success. Proven Results At Cracku, 45 students scored above the 99.9 percentile, 270 students scored above the 99.5 percentile, and 540 students scored above the 99 percentile in the CAT 2024 exam. These exceptional results highlight our dedication to CAT preparation . Additionally, our courses come highly recommended by CAT toppers to aspiring MBA candidates. CAT Mock Tests We offer 20 national-level CAT mock tests , called DashCATs, which accurately reflect the actual difficulty of the CAT exam. Students will benefit from live attempts of each DashCAT by our faculty, aiding them in developing effective strategies for the CAT 2025 exam. Additionally, our test series includes 5 Headstart mocks, designed to be slightly less challenging than the DashCATs. You will also receive 15 sectional tests for each section: VARC, DILR, and QA. Together, these tests ensure comprehensive preparation for the CAT exam. 20,000+ Practice Questions Our study material offers thousands of practice questions arranged in topic tests, each containing a set of 5 questions. These adaptive tests increase in difficulty based on the number of correct answers and you will get slightly easier questions if your answers keep getting wrong. There is a 15-minute timer for each topic set. Unlike traditional PDFs, our AI-driven format makes the learning process more engaging and interactive, providing a dynamic study experience that helps students stay motivated and effectively prepare for their exams. CAT Study Plan We offer a daily schedule that specifies the topics to cover each day, delivered via email. This schedule helps students maintain consistency and organize their day-to-day tasks, removing the hassle of deciding what to study and ensuring no time is wasted. By following the daily plan, students can stay on track with their preparation, making their study process more efficient and structured. Daily Live CAT Classes Cracku offers daily live CAT classes from 7:30 pm (Mon-Sat) led by Maruti Sir( 5-Time CAT 100 %iler), Sayali Ma'am (XAT Topper and 2-time CAT 99.97 %iler) and CAT Toppers. These expert-led sessions provide a thorough coverage of all key concepts essential for the CAT exam, along with practice questions related to that concept. These classes are very interactive, in which students can ask doubts related to their preparation directly from CAT toppers. Recordings will be available after the live class. Terms of Service Close modal Get ready to crack CAT with Cracku! Download the app now. support@cracku.in +91 630 323 9042 About us Testimonials Adda News Jobs ©2014-2025 Chaya Education Pvt Ltd | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Made In India ❤️ Download resources Educational materials for CAT preparation CAT Formulas PDF CAT Syllabus PDF CAT Study Plan PDF Cracku Brochure VARC Cheat Sheet MBA Handout PDF Close modal Loading...