Grow Your Ad Revenues with AI-powered adtech | Crackle Skip to content Crackle is attending HIT Games Conference, a C-level summit in Istanbul on 14th March. Meet us there! Home Products For Publishers For Demand Partners Company About Us Careers Contact Us Blogs Log In Log In Crackle is attending HIT Games Conference, a C-level summit in Istanbul on 14th March. Meet us there! Home Products For Publishers For Demand Partners Company About Us Careers Contact Us Blogs Log In Maximize Your App Revenue with AI-Powered Adtech Drive Results with User-Level Ad Monetization Increased Fills Higher eCPMs More Revenue Monetize with Crackle Trusted by AI Built for Advertisers Publishers Integrate AI in your ad operations to get zero ad latency with user-level pricing for never seen before revenues. It’s time for you to focus on creating engaging experiences for your users while we take care of your monetization, enhancing your inventory performance and workflow efficiency at scale. Convert Every Opportunity Into an Impression Crackle’s ensures that your ad inventory always get an impression delivered. With smart algorithm, we deliver near zero ad latency, that results in best user experience leaving an impression you deserve. Amplify Your Monetization, One Impression at a Time Built-in AI ensures your ad inventory gets more value than what it gets right now with the existing ad stack. Crackle deploys dynamic demand diversity and user-level pricing to grow your revenue with time. Transform Data into Sustainable Revenue Leaving an Impression Realize the full potential of your content by monetizing inventory that performs at its best with Crackle’s full integration using data-driven optimization and predictive pricing to achieve incremental revenue growth. Hear From Our Partners Crackle is a reliable and responsible organization. Their prompt response & deep understanding of the entire Ad Ecosystem is commendable. Over the Past 9 months we have been working with them for App monetization and really appreciate all the hard work and energy they put in. I wish Team Crackle all the best. Varun Gupta Head – Programmatic & Ad Operations Crackle’s innovative tech has been a game changer for our app monetization strategy. The ability to balance demand and supply at a user level has helped us immensely to grow our revenue and RPMs. Varun Sharma Head – Strategic Planning & Analytics We’re extremely pleased with the service Crackle has provided. The waterfall integration was seamless, and the revenue impact has been significant. The most impressive result has been the impact of user-level pricing. Our extensive testing demonstrated a revenue increase of over 2x. Crackle has truly delivered! Atul Sachdeva Co-founder Reimagine Monetization With AI-driven Privacy-first Ad Intelligence 250 Mn+ Daily active users 10 Bn+ Ad requests/day Ready to Scale Up Your Ad Revenues? Get in touch by filling the below given form or drop us a hello at hi@crackle.tech First Name Last Name Company / App Name Country Email Phone I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy or, Frequently Asked Questions What is Crackle? Crackle is an AI-powered adtech product designed for publishers. We provide an easy to integrate SDK that ensures zero ad latency, enables user-level pricing and increases bid density for improved monetization. Who can benefit from Crackle? App and Gaming publishers who are looking to maximize their revenue from ad inventory. We support Android, iOS, Flutter, and Unity. How can Crackle help me increase ad revenue? Crackle maximizes the value of your ad inventory and improves overall revenue by personalising ads latency, pricing and demand at user level. What kind of support can I expect during integration? Our dedicated team provides full support during the integration process, ensuring a smooth hand-off and optimal setup for your ad operations for higher revenues. How does Crackle handle data privacy? Crackle is a privacy-first product which ensures compliance with global privacy regulations while maximizing ad performance. It uses aggregated and anonymized data for predictive pricing and real-time demand personalization for your ad stack, ensuring user privacy and security. Thank You The form was submitted successfully. Crackle Technologies Pte Ltd 200 Jalan Sultan, #11-01, Textile Centre, Singapore 199018 Write to us: hi@crackle.tech Products For Publishers For Demand Partners Company About Us Careers Contact Us Linkedin Crackle Technologies Pte. Ltd. 200 Jalan Sultan, #11-01, Textile Centre, Singapore 199018 Write to us: hi@crackle.tech Copyright 2025 © Crackle Technologies Pte. Ltd. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy My Privacy Choices Terms of Service DSAR form