Home | Craft.co Skip to Content 12 Ways CPOs Can Improve Their Supplier Risk Strategy This Quarter Learn More Close Menu Platform Industries Government Enhance risk visibility and mitigation in federal government. Higher Education Protect grants and ensure compliance across your institution. Aerospace and Defense Simplify risk management in this complex and crucial sector. Financial Services Navigate challenges within the financial services sector. Manufacturing Optimize risk management in manufacturing. Resource Center Resources Learn more about Craft, our vision, and what we’re doing to strengthen global supply chain resilience. Blog Explore Craft thought leadership from our technology and supply chain experts. Events Get the latest industry news, topics, and trends from Craft experts. Company About Us Learn about our mission, world-class technology, and esteemed investors. Culture & Careers Learn about our culture and check out our current job postings. Newsroom Stay up to date on our latest news and announcements. Contact Us Learn more about the Craft platform and how we can mitigate risk to your supply chain. Request a Demo Advanced intelligence for every procurement supply chain supplier vendor third-party decision AI-powered supplier evaluation, continuous monitoring, and risk management Trusted by Fortune 500 enterprises and government agencies Advanced Intelligence for every stage of the supplier lifecycle Supplier Evaluation Continuous Monitoring Sourcing Diligence Evaluate prospective suppliers and inform RFP/RFQ decisions with confidence using verified third party data. Learn more Supplier Qualification Accelerate onboarding and qualification by replacing manual surveys with automatically sourced intelligence and evidence. Learn more Risk Management Continuously detect, investigate, and prioritize emerging risks so teams can respond faster and strengthen supply chain resilience. Learn more Relationship Management Equip teams with on-demand intelligence to know your suppliers, enforce governance, and make the best day-to-day decisions. Learn more Platform Architecture Unified, AI integrated system of intelligence One system to identify, investigate, monitor, and manage supplier risk with the speed and visibility teams need Data Fabric Intelligence Engine Workspace Data Fabric Unified source of supplier truth Aggregated, normalized, and enriched supplier data in one centralized, trusted foundation 250k+ supplier attributes and real-time news from 20+ data pipelines Agentic intelligence to fetch, refresh, normalize, and resolve records across sources Network graph mapping supplier hierarchies, dependencies, and relationships Decision intelligence Data in. High-fidelity intelligence out. Turn supplier data into decision-quality risk signals and performance insight AI-native risk detection, scoring, and alerts across supplier portfolios Configurable frameworks to assess risk across 6+ domains Intelligence integrated into the tools, workflows, and reports where teams work most Intelligent workspace Where supplier decisions happen Monitor, analyze, and act in one AI-integrated workspace with alerts, tasks, and collaboration tools Generate comprehensive AI supplier risk assessments in seconds Continuously monitor suppliers with workflows to alert category owners, investigate issues, and drive follow-up actions Organize suppliers by category, region, or spend and collaborate on notes, approvals, and remediation Trusted by leading global enterprises Craft powers procurement intelligence for the world’s most forward-thinking organizations. “No supplier is going to call you beforehand to tell you something negative is going to happen, so using Craft to minimize risk much earlier has proved invaluable for us.” Director, Supply Chain & Sustainability Results 2,000+ critical suppliers monitored 95% of total procurement spend monitored Solutions Read case study Explore the platform “I was able to build my portfolio in less than an hour, and with previous tools it would have taken a week. I was overwhelmed by the intuitive nature, the capability, and the freedom.” Global Category Manager, US Air Force Results 90% reduction in time to deliver due diligence 87% faster supplier onboarding Solutions View government solutions Get the gov eBook “Craft has transformed our approach to supplier risk management with its intuitive platform, delivering speed to value across our supplier engagements.” Procurement Director Results 100% of critical suppliers and partners monitored for financial, reputational, compliance, and cyber risks “We were investigating a geopolitical issue with a vendor. We used Craft to find 9 additional n-tier network risks that we wouldn’t have seen otherwise.” Director, Third-Party Risk Management Results 968 suppliers continuously monitored 40 monthly supplier risk assessment and qualification Solutions View finserve solutions Download solution brief Build for sectors that rely on resilience Solutions for every industry From government agencies to research institutions, every sector faces growing pressure to move faster and manage supplier risk with confidence. Craft delivers the intelligence each industry needs to stay compliant, resilient, and ready for what’s next. Government Strengthen supplier due diligence, visibility, and risk mitigation across federal programs. Explore government solutions Explore government solutions Higher Education Protect research funding and ensure compliance across your institution and research ecosystem. Explore higher education solutions Explore higher education solutions Aerospace and Defense Streamline complex supplier risk management and safeguard mission-critical operations. Explore aerospace and defense solutions Explore aerospace and defense solutions Financial Services Manage third-party risk and regulatory compliance with trusted supplier intelligence. Explore financial services solutions Explore financial services solutions Manufacturing Increase visibility, reduce disruption, and build a more resilient supply network. Explore manufacturing solutions Explore manufacturing solutions Explore insights and perspectives from Craft Blog Export Controls, Innovation Risks, and the Growing Need for Supplier Visibility Read Now Blog The Risk Savvy Report: April 22 – May 12, 2025 Read Now Blog The Risk Savvy Report: April 1 – 21, 2025 Read Now Experience the platform powering smarter procurement Accelerate due diligence, mitigate risk, and make faster supplier decisions. Request a Demo Craft is the Supplier Intelligence Platform enabling procurement and supply chain teams to make better supplier and vendor decisions, faster. Sign up for our newsletter Platform Industries Government Higher Education Aerospace and Defense Financial Services Manufacturing Resource Center Resources Blog Events Company About Us Culture & Careers Newsroom Contact Us Request a Demo Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Terms of Service Privacy Policy Security © 2026 Craft.co. All rights reserved. We value your privacy We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Privacy Policy In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link Do not sell my personal information . Customize Accept Consent Preferences Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Javascript is required to enable site functionality.