Crashguard Product Solutions Pricing Login Get Started En En Es Home Product Solutions Pricing Login Get Started En En Es Bugs Happen, Detect Sooner with Crashguard Don't be a dummy and rely on Google to tell you what’s up with your apps! Crashguard diagnoses bugs and crashes across devices and platforms in realtime. Start Using for Free Explore Features Integrate seamlessly with lightweight SDK and just a few lines of code Your time is valuable. Spend less time diagnosing and fixing and more time developing new features. Why Crashguard? Crashguard recognizes patterns in events seen throughout the mobile ecosystem and can recommend solutions based on previously observed events and fixes. Identify and Resolve Bugs Quickly Know your most frequent crashes and view deeper insights into root causes. Monitor deployments, see full stack traces, network requests logs and more with our smart diagnostic tools. Data in Real Time Know what is important to you right now and never miss a critical event. See accurate metrics in realtime so you maintain full visibility. Start Using for Free Discreet Crashguard's small memory footprint and silent exception handle produce minimal impact on your app's performance and zero impact on user experience. Never Miss Issues Again Our mission is for Crashguard to be the best crash catching app analytics tool available. Our dynamic platform identifies crashes and exceptions on a realtime basis. Fast Crash Detection Real-Time Monitoring Low Impact Fast Crash Detection Identify and resolve bugs quickly. See crashes complete with full stack trace, running environment, prior steps to crash, network request logs and more. Customize results to organize crashes how you want them. Real-Time Monitoring Monitor deployments seeing accurate performance metrics in realtime. Low Impact SDK-based library for quick deployment. Designed for negligible impact on app performance and user experience. Small memory footprint and silent exception handle. Work Smarter Not Harder As a developer time is your most valuable resource. Crashguard allows you to more efficiently use your time by standardizing your workflow into one dashboard. Crashguard identifies issues in realtime and displays all relevant event information clearly, allowing you to diagnose the problem, fix it, and move on. Crashguard's continuous monitoring allows you to remain confident that your app is performing properly and will alert you when a new issue arises. Get Started Don't let the next crash cost you, start your 30-DAY FREE TRIAL today with no error limits! Our affordable plan options let you catch mobile app bugs before they become an issue. Developer Free For solo developers and small projects 1 User 1 App Unlimited Errors Performance Monitoring 30 Day Retention Get Started Team $ 15 /month For growing teams and small businesses Up to 5 Users Unlimited Apps Unlimited Errors Custom Alerts Third-party Integrations 90 Day Retention Free Trial Recommended Business $ 45 /month For teams with more than 5 engineers Unlimited Users Unlimited Apps Unlimited Errors Custom Alerts Team Management 90 Day Retention Free Trial Enterprise Contact Us For organizations with advanced needs and support Unlimited Users Unlimited Apps Unlimited Errors Custom Error Views Custom Data Retention Policy Custom Dashboards Dedicated Customer Support Contact Us Get things started with a Free 30-day trial, available on all Crashguard plans! Features in the Works Email / SMS Notification AI-Enabled Debugging ANR Detection Debug Logging Capabilities Crash-Time Memory Snapshots Be the first in line to try our new features currently in development! Sign Up for Free! About Contact FAQ Privacy Terms & Conditions © Crashguard