Skip to main content

firebase.google.com uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks
Build
Run
More
/
Blog
Studio
Go to console
Sign in
Firebase Crashlytics
Track, prioritize, and fix app crashes faster
Realtime crash and error reporting with analysis to help keep your apps running flawlessly. Easily integrates with Android, Apple, Flutter and Unity apps.
Get started
View docs arrow_forward
Spend less time troubleshooting crashes and ANRs

Crashlytics starts capturing crashes right out of the box and groups them into manageable issues based on the impact on real users - to help you prioritize what to fix first.

Get started
Get AI-powered insights and troubleshooting tips with Gemini in Firebase

Speed up the time it takes for you to understand why a crash happened and what to do about it with AI crash insights. Crashlytics leverages Gemini and Firebase's wealth of crash knowledge to provide actionable insights to help you get to the root cause faster.

Integrate into your existing workflow

Crashlytics works seamlessly with industry-standard tools including Jira, Slack, BigQuery, and more. It also integrates with Android Studio so you can view Crashlytics data directly within the App Quality Insights window, making it easy to debug crashes without leaving the IDE.

Debug faster with contextual information about crashes

Understand the timeline of events leading up to app crashes and see visualizations of metadata to find common crash characteristics so you can reproduce bugs and uncover the root cause faster.

Add SDK
Realtime release monitoring

Track your new release adoption and stability in realtime, so you can catch errors and address emerging problems before they impact a large number of users.

Custom logging & breadcrumbs

Instrument logs, keys, non-fatal events, and custom events to get additional information on why a crash occurred and what happened leading up to it. You can log your own contextual data or use Google Analytics events to understand the user behavior and paths leading up to a crash.

Alerts

Receive realtime alerts for new errors, regressed errors, and errors that are starting to happen at higher rates, no matter where you are so you never miss a critical crash.

CASE STUDIES
Learn how Crashlytics helps teams across the world improve app quality
STAGE uses Firebase and Flutter to cut release time in half

STAGE paired Flutter's front-end tools with Firebase's back-end services to build a multi-platform app, with infrastructure that securely stores and delivers content to almost 2 million users in real time for a smooth viewing experience - helping them stand out in India's competitive streaming market.

Read more arrow_forward
Gameloft uses Crashlytics to lower crash rates and increase player session duration by 16%

Gameloft, an award-winning global game studio, needed a robust crash reporting tool to monitor game stability across their vast portfolio in a holistic way. They turned to Crashlytics to reduce crash rates, improve player engagement, and improve their Play Store rating.

Read more arrow_forward
Pomelo Games used Firebase to increase revenue by up to 35% without losing players

Pomelo Games, one of the top game studios in Uruguay, used Remote Config, A/B Testing, Google Analytics, and Crashlytics to test interstitial ads in their game. This led to an increase in both ad revenue and in-app purchases with no decline in retention or stability.

Read more arrow_forward
Documentation

Review our technical documentation to get started.

View docs
Pricing

There's no cost to using Crashlytics.

Try Firebase today

Integrating it into your app is easy.

Get started
All Firebase products
BUILD
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firestore
Firebase ML
Genkit
Hosting
Phone Number Verification
Realtime Database
Firebase AI Logic client SDKs
Generative AI
RUN
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Learn
Developer guides
SDK & API reference
Samples
Libraries
GitHub
Stay connected
Check out the blog
Find us on Reddit
Follow on X
Subscribe on YouTube
Attend an event
Support
Contact support
Stack Overflow
Slack community
Google group
Release notes
Brand guidelines
FAQs
Android
Chrome
Firebase
Google Cloud Platform
All products
Terms
Privacy
Manage cookies
Chat