Boost opt-in rates and ignite sales with engaging pop-ups Features Pricing Support INSTALL Turn Traffic Into Sales 🤑 With High-Converting Spin To Win Pop-ups ✅ Turn slow sale days into exciting ones with irresistible deals ✅ Collect 4x more emails compared to generic "10% OFF" email pop-ups ✅ Convert visitors into happy buyers INSTALL NOW DEMO ❤️ Trusted by Leading E-Commerce Entrepreneurs and 7-Figure Brands. We've had a wonderful experience working with Crazy Rocket thus far to power our Spin the Wheel campaigns on our website. Their support team has been a joy to work with and have been extremely helpful in building out our customized campaigns as well as helping to build out feature requests.

                                        I would definitely recommend Crazy Rocket if you're in the market for a new Spin Wheel application. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Princess Polly • Highly Recommend • Cost Efficient • High Quality App • Fast Support Times
                                        [...] I highly recommend using this on your Shopify Store for large email conversation rates! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Presets By Hannah Works great from day one! Customers love it. If you have customers who like to play the odds, this app is worth installing. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Glitter Chimp I have been using CrazyRocket for the past 3 weeks and it really is fantastic. It’s easy to setup and their support team are extremely helpful. The Spin Wheel Popup generates good revenue and from a customers point of view - it’s something different and fun! Great work CrazyRocket team! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Zero-G Digital Audio Great tool to collect email, give discounts and motivate the sale. I definitely recommend it. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Cali Life Co. Previous Next 🎨 Beautiful Templates From Flash Sales to Black Friday, from Valentine's Day to Christmas... all you need to run catchy promotions. Previous Next 🚀 Tons of Powerful Features Try CrazyRocket's premium features FREE for 7 days. Launch your first campaign in 5 minutes! Exit Intent Close sales before customers leave with exit intent and powerful pop-up triggers: launch icon, time on site, page views, scroll page. Scarcity Counter Leverage the FOMO effect (fear of missing out) and drive more shoppers to hit the BUY button! Countdown Timer Right after shoppers enter their e-mail, you can show a small banner to create a sense of urgency and entice them to use the coupon as soon as possible. Integrations Deep integration with Shopify for a smooth workflow. You can export e-mails automatically to Zapier, Klaviyo, Omnisend, MailChimp and ActiveCampaign. Segmentation We track UTM fields, referrer and landing URL and pass them to your MailChimp or Klaviyo integration. Coupon injection Make shopper’s life easier and convert more: CrazyRocket can apply coupons automatically to the checkout for a smoother shopping experience. Required Fields Set which additional fields are required (opt-in and/or name) Privacy and GDPR Handle the required opt-in checkbox properly for EU/non-EU visitors Translations Easily translate labels in many languages from the campaign editor. Real-time Analytics Easily understand how customers interact with the widget Error Monitoring Is a coupon missing on your store admin? Have we blocked an invalid e-mail? If any errors occur, we track it down and notify you when your action is required to fix them. E-mail list Filter by date, campaign, and export with a click. Keep track of coupons and sales generated. Build Your Campaigns like a PRO 😎 Enjoy the most wanted features used by 7-figures merchants! Fully Customizable Design Your brand, your rules: customize your text, logo, background, font, buttons, and CSS. Our “What You See Is What You Get” (WYSIWYG) editor will save you a lot of time while crafting your designs! Custom Launch Icon Let users click an icon to launch the pop-up. There are six different icons, and you can also upload your own. You can position the Launch Icon as desired on mobile and/or desktop devices; you can also hide it on mobile devices if you want a different trigger for them. Advanced Page Targeting Url Filter: decide where to show/hide the widget Landing page: trigger a campaign only if the landing page matches a specified query string Referrer:  trigger the campaign if the referrer contains or does not contain a specific value Country: show or hide campaigns to users coming from a specific country A/B TEST GROUPS Do your users prefer slot machines or scratch cards? Pop-up triggers or notifications?
                        We don’t like guesswork, and you should not, too: you can easily clone campaigns to make changes and run multiple campaigns (even different games) simultaneously.
                        The system will rotate campaigns automatically, and the Campaigns Overview lets you understand which performs better. AUTOMATIC UNIQUE COUPONS (PREMIUM +) Generate unique coupons automatically, starting from the discount codes provided.
                        This allows you to improve the way sales are tracked. INSTALL NOW Frequently Asked Questions How does it work? As a merchant, you need to deliver a compelling shopping experience to establish trust and persuade visitors to buy from your shop. CrazyRocket provides three fantastic games to break the ice, engage users and entice them to complete the purchase because: ✔️ Spin to win pop-ups spark curiosity and challenge users to take action ✔️ Winning a prize creates a sense of achievement ✔️ Having a coupon to spend infuses desire to use it... nobody wants to miss out a deal :) What's the average Opt-in rate ? The average opt-in rate for traditional «Join our newsletter and get a coupon» pop-ups is around 3%. Our average opt-in rate is above 10%, with peaks up to 56% :) Will the App slow down my website? No! We built CrazyRocket with the best practices in mind and all our scripts are loaded asynchronously. Can I create unique coupons? Yes! The Premium plan allows you to create random, unique coupons, starting from the discount codes provided. This allows you to improve the way sales are tracked. Can I embed the wheel on a landing page? Yes! This feature is available as a preview for Premium plans. Please get in touch with us for your embed code and if you need help with the implementation. Can I change plan later? Sure, you can upgrade, downgrade or cancel your plan at any time from the Dashboard. Privacy & Cookie Policy Term of Service © , made with by CrazyRocket - P.I. 13748061002