Creality - Official Website Welcome to Creality Meet SPARKX i7 🔥 Store All Products Support Software Blog Ecosystem Creality Cloud Become a Distributor United States (English) Cancel Quick Links All Products Support Software Blog Ecosystem Creality Cloud Become a Distributor Store New Release Celebrate Winter with 
a 100M Exposure + $20,000 Creality Winter-inspired 
3D Model Contest Join Now Learn More Trace Your Year & 
Unlock New Adventures 2025 Creality 
Adventures Start Now New K2 Series The Ultimate Creative Powerhouses Learn More Buy Now New K2 Pro Combo Pro. Power. On. Learn More Buy Now SPARKX i7 Make Every Spark Outplay Learn More K2 Pro Pro. Power. On Learn More Buy Now Creality Raptor Pro Best Partner for Auto Custom Learn More Buy Now K2 Plus Epic Leap of Color & Size Learn More Buy Now Everyday Uses of 3D Printing 3D Printing for Education Turn playtime into a learning adventure with fun, hands-on projects that spark curiosity and creativity. More Models 3D Printing for Creative Hobbies Add a personal touch to the things you love—whether it’s music, art, or DIY projects—with custom 3D printed designs. More Models 3D Printing for Everyday Living Find practical and fun designs for your home, pets, and daily life. Simple prints that make living a little easier. More Model 3D Printing for Smarter Organization Unlock model collections that help you stay organized—toolboxes, storage solutions, and more for a tidy workspace. More Models Influencer Spotlights @Unboxtherapy Printed with K2 Pro This is the Creality K2 Pro 3D printer. See how the Creality K2 Pro brings oddly satisfying 3D printed creations to life — smooth, colorful, and precise, layer by layer. @Polskihussar Printed with K2 Plus Maximizing size and color with the Creality K2 Plus! Here’s my build of the iconic Rotary Cannon from the Clone Wars — detailed, vibrant, and ready for display. @Af_inventions Printed with K2 Plus TEMPLE BOX 🏛️ | Inspired by the temple of 3000 years ago, enhanced with incredible details, textures, and beauty — reimagined into the temple of 1500 years ago and the temple of today! To emphasize all the details in this model, I used the Creality K2 Plus. @Igor_beletskiy Printed with K1 Max Print objects up to a full cubic decimeter with incredible precision and speed. Bring your creativity to life and explore endless possibilities with 3D printing. Media Reviews The Creality Ender 3 V3 SE sets a new baseline for cheap 3D printing, blending a familiar form with the beginner-friendly fully automatic bed leveling and self-offsetting, giving effortlessly perfect first layers. Matthew Mensley ALL3DP My experience from unboxing through to print completion was enjoyable and seamless. With the printer needing only several screws to connect and wiring connections, this printer would be accessible for all users, from inexperienced to experienced 3D hobbyists. 3DWithUs 3DWithUs The Creality K2 Plus is a fully enclosed Core XY powerhouse machine. It includes multiple sensors for excellent bed leveling and two AI-driven cameras for monitoring prints. Denise Bertacchi Tom's HARDWARE What you're getting here is a printer that steps into the next generation of 3D printing, offering even more options, making it one of the de facto best 3D printers I've tested for professionals as well as for education. Alastair Jennings TechRadar “Your dreams in color come true” as the K2 Plus x CFS Combo hits the shelve on November 11. Unifying multicolor, speed, intelligence, and a 350mm cubed format in one, the 3D printer combo is the ultimate evolution of the esteemed K series and the next-level powerhouse for pros and hobbyists. Staff The Gadgeteer Blogs Explore More Spark X: The Journey to Ready-to-Use 3D Creation SPARKX is a new 3D printing brand born from Creality's technical legacy, but engineered for a new generation. 12-22-2025 Creality Powers i-SOLIDS’ Growth How Creality empowered i-SOLIDS to scale with reliability and efficiency. 11-8-2025 Creality & 3D-Printed Home Art How Creality and Diego Garcia Cuevas bring handmade 3D-printed art into homes. 10-9-2025 3D Printing Empowers Club Students at Purdue University In STEM education, which cultivates the mindset and ability to solve realistic problems, smart and useable educational devices are essential for students' development. 8-19-2025 Stay Connected Subscribe to stay in touch with Creality and receive product launches, creative ideas, and exclusive offers. By subscribing, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy . Support Creality Wiki Contact Us SHOP AND LEARN Store K Series Hi Series Ender Series COMMUNITY Forum Creality Cloud Discord Reddit Open Source SUPPORT Product Support Download Center Help Center Video Center After-sales Creality Wiki ABOUT About Us ShareFest Careers Become a Distributor Be the First to Know Get the latest news from Creality. Privacy Policy Terms of Sales 粤ICP备16041697号 United States ( English ) Copyright © 2025 Creality Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.