Create a Forum - Create Your Own Free Forum Contact Us Follow us on: Home Sign Up Forum Directory Support Blog Free Message board hosting service Create your own forum right now! Build an online community today with Create A Forum. We have an easy to use forum hosting solution. Unmatched features found in no other forum hosting service. Room to grow from our standard free plans to our paid ad free plans.
					We have thousands of forums hosted with us with more added each day. Give us a try and build your forum community today. Create your own Forum Now! Our Features are Fantastic. Free Forum Hosting We take great pride in our core features that create a forum offers.  Our gallery system is unmatched from any other forum hosting service provider. And we also have many addons such as a chat room system, download system, store, and classifieds system which you can either order on it's own or get them all with our ultimate plan.
					Create A Forum also has a built-in system that allows you to sell adspace and place ads on your forum when you are on ultimate plan for forum hosting. Complete Forum System for free forums Supports unlimited posts, topics, boards, subforums. Includes an advanced permission system to control permissions by member groups. Built-in Portal Included EzPortal gives you the power to build a custom forum site with ezBlocks and add custom pages to your forum. Built-in Photo Gallery Allows all members to share their pictures with each other, comment on pictures, start their own personal gallery, and much more included. eCommerce System Allows you to grow your forum and start your own business. The eCommerce system is an addon for your forum which allows you to sell both digital and physical products. Classifieds System With the classifieds system for your forum allows all of your members to have auctions and listings with the option to charge a fee to list an item. Branding Free Option You have the option to park your own domain and remove branding from your hosted free forum to grow your community. What our clients say About Us? Best forum hosting solution Here is some of the feedback that clients have left us over the years with the Create A Forum hosting service. Christine Create A Forum's intuitive solution includes a free standard plan to get admins up and running plus feature-rich upgrades at budget-friendly prices. Read more on HostingAdvice.com . David I am amazed with your service the features are outstanding! Jessica Thank you for your support Create A Forum and helping my forum become a success. View our Forum Hosting Plans Choose the right plan for your community We are the perfect forum hosting solution for any community. If you have a specific question or need feel free to contact us to get more information Standard Free! No cost Unlimited Posts and Topics Ads are shown Portal system to make your own mini site Some words are censored Best plan if you are getting started Create Now Unlimited Ad Free Pageviews $7.99 per month Unlimited Posts and Topics No words are censored Portal system to make your own mini site Gallery system with user galleries to store pictures Best plan for busy sites Create Now Ultimate Plan $12.99 per month Unlimited Posts and Topics No words are censored Branding Free Chat room, E-Commerce, Classifieds addons Ad Seller Pro - place/sell your own ads Create Now We are free forum hosting experts with over 20 years of forum hosting experience. Using our free forum hosting platform you will easily be able to setup and build your own forum community. Signup Site Links Link to Us Report Forum Terms of Service Privacy Policy Site Map Control Panel Fix Control Panel Partners/Friends Copyright © 2025 - Create a Forum - All rights reserved. Home Forum Directory Support Blog