Credit cards: Find the Right Card For You at Creditcards.com Skip to content CardMatch™ Card Category Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Sign-Up Bonus Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best 0% APR Credit Cards Best No Annual Fee Credit Cards Best Low Interest Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Airline Credit Cards Best Hotel Credit Cards Best No Foreign Transaction Free Credit Cards Best Business Credit Cards Best Student Credit Cards Best Credit Cards for Gas Card Issuer American Express Bank of America Capital One Chase Citi Credit One Bank Discover Wells Fargo Visa Mastercard Credit Range Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit Secured Credit Cards Limited or No Credit History Debit & Prepaid Cards Resources News Reviews Education Card Advice Credit Management Statistics & Research Calculators Credit Card Comparison Tool Credit Card FAQs Our Team About us Press center Our experts Editorial guidelines Don’t settle for any credit card. Find the right one. Select one of these popular card categories to get started. Best Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Cash Back Rewards CardMatch™ ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE As seen on: The tools you need. The advice you want. A team you can trust. A top-notch team of experts With more than 17 years in the industry, we know credit cards, and our experts are here to share their knowledge with you. Our content is fact-checked and reviewed by top experts in the field so you know you can count on us for helpful and accurate advice. Learn more about us Card listings curated for you Sifting through hundreds of cards in search of the perfect one? You don't have time for that. Leave it to us and we’ll find the best pre-qualified and special offers for you, all conveniently curated on a personalized page. Check out CardMatch™ Helpful calculations If math isn't your strong suit, we can help you find calculations with almost zero effort. Just type in a few details and we'll calculate how long it'll take to pay off your card, or how much a balance transfer could help you save. Discover savings now Read our top card reviews Cash Back Balance Transfer 0% APR Rewards Travel Our rating: Our rating: 4.1 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card The Wells Fargo Active Cash Card is not just one of the best flat-rate cash rewards cards out there, but one of the best cash rewards cards, period. See Rates and Fees By: Nouri Zarrugh Nouri Zarrugh Credit Cards Editor Read our review Our rating: Our rating: 5.0 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Chase Freedom Unlimited® Emily Sherman | Product News and Recommendations Senior Editor Read our review Our rating: Our rating: 4.9 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Capital One Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card Emily Sherman | Product News and Recommendations Senior Editor Read our review See all cash back card reviews Our rating: Our rating: 4.1 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card The Wells Fargo Active Cash Card is not just one of the best flat-rate cash rewards cards out there, but one of the best cash rewards cards, period. See Rates and Fees By: Nouri Zarrugh Nouri Zarrugh Credit Cards Editor Read our review See all balance transfer card reviews Our rating: Our rating: 4.6 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Discover it® Cash Back The Discover it® Cash Back card offers a substantial amount of value for cardholders who don’t mind keeping track of rotating bonus categories; but what really sets this card apart from its competitors is its consumer-friendly… By: Emily Sherman Emily Sherman Product News and Recommendations Senior Editor Read our review See all 0% APR card reviews Our rating: Our rating: 4.8 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card The Chase Sapphire Preferred Card offers valuable rewards for frequent travelers, as well as the potential for savvy rewards card users to glean some extra value out of their rewards. See Rates and Fees By: Emily Sherman Emily Sherman Product News and Recommendations Senior Editor Read our review Our rating: Our rating: 4.1 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card Nouri Zarrugh | Credit Cards Editor Read our review See all rewards card reviews Our rating: Our rating: 4.8 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card The Chase Sapphire Preferred Card offers valuable rewards for frequent travelers, as well as the potential for savvy rewards card users to glean some extra value out of their rewards. See Rates and Fees By: Emily Sherman Emily Sherman Product News and Recommendations Senior Editor Read our review Our rating: Our rating: 4.9 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card Emily Sherman | Product News and Recommendations Senior Editor Read our review Our rating: Our rating: 4.8 More information Close Our writers, editors and industry experts score credit cards based on a variety of factors including card features, bonus offers and independent research. Credit card issuers have no say or influence on how we rate cards. The score seen here reflects the card's primary category rating. For more information, you can read about how we rate our cards . American Express Platinum Card® Emily Sherman | Product News and Recommendations Senior Editor Read our review See all travel card reviews Your security is our top priority We treat your information as we'd treat our own — with privacy and care. We do not make unsolicited phone calls and will never call you to offer services over the phone. Let’s start learning Read the latest guides and articles from our expert reporters to keep up with trends, credit card updates, and advice. 1 in 5 Americans Are Doom Spending as Economic Uncertainty Rises President Trump campaigned on implementing tariffs, a policy many believe will drive up prices. Since his election in November 2024,… By: CreditCards.com Team Capital One Savor Cash Rewards Credit Card guide Capital One Savor Cash Rewards is designed with foodies in mind. Learn how to make the most of this card… By: Rebecca Lake 1 in 5 Americans Are Doom Spending This February 2025 report by CreditCards.com examines consumer spending habits since President Donald Trump took office, focusing on the role… By: CreditCards.com Team Credit Card Debt Holds Americans Back From Estate Planning Estate planning is a critical step in securing financial stability for loved ones. Yet, nearly half of Americans don’t have… By: CreditCards.com Team See all guides and articles See the online credit card applications for details about the terms and conditions of an offer. Reasonable efforts are made
        to maintain accurate information. However, all credit card information is presented without warranty. When you click on
        the "Apply Now" button, you can review the credit card terms and conditions on the issuer's web site. As seen on: Stay on top of industry trends and new offers with our weekly newsletter. Enter your email address Subscribe By providing my email address, I agree to CreditCards.com’s Privacy Policy Your credit cards journey is officially underway. Keep an eye on your inbox—we’ll be sending over your first message soon. Follow us Site Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Consumer Health Information Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map About Overview Media Center Careers Contact Customer Support Partnership Opportunities Business Development Media Relations Contact Us Related Sites CardMatch™ Copyright © 2025 CreditCards.com a Red Ventures Company. All Rights Reserved. ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE CreditCards.com is an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. The offers that appear on this site are from companies from which CreditCards.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site, including, for example, the order in which they appear within listing categories. Other factors, such as our proprietary website's rules and the likelihood of applicants' credit approval also impact how and where products appear on the site. CreditCards.com does not include the entire universe of available financial or credit offers. CCDC has partnerships with issuers including, but not limited to, American Express, Bank of America, Capital One, Chase, Citi and Discover. EDITORIAL DISCLOSURE All reviews are prepared by CreditCards.com staff. Opinions expressed therein are solely those of the reviewer and have not been reviewed or approved by any advertiser. The information, including card rates and fees, presented in the review is accurate as of the date of the review. Check the data at the top of this page and the bank's website for the most current information. CreditCards.com credit ranges are derived from FICO® Score 8, which is one of many different types of credit scores. If you apply for a credit card, the lender may use a different credit score when considering your application for credit. Advertiser Disclosure CreditCards.com is an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. The offers that appear on this site are from companies from which CreditCards.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site, including, for example, the order in which they may appear within listing categories. Other factors, such as our own proprietary website rules and the likelihood of applicants' credit approval also impact how and where products appear on this site. CreditCards.com does not include the entire universe of available financial or credit offers. Our websites may earn compensation when a customer clicks on a link, when an application is approved, or when an account is opened. CCDC has partnerships with issuers including, but not limited to, American Express, Bank of America, Capital One, Chase, Citi and Discover. OK