Cresta | The Unified Platform for Human and AI Agents Introducing Cresta's Agent Operations Center, real-time oversight and guidance for AI & human agents. Introducing Cresta's Agent Operations Center, real-time oversight and guidance for AI & human agents. See what's new Products Platform Platform Overview Cresta is the enterprise-grade Gen AI platform built for the contact center and trained on your data. Opera Integrations Responsible AI Products AI Agent Cut costs, not quality, with human-centric AI agents you can trust. Discover Build Test & Deploy Optimize Omnichannel Agent Operations Center Agent Assist Harness real-time generative AI to empower agents with unmatched precision and impactful guidance. Knowledge Assist AI Summaries Behavioral Guidance Typing Efficiency Real-Time Translation Conversation Intelligence Discover and reinforce the true drivers of contact center performance. Insights Coach Quality Management AI Analyst™ Automation Discovery Solutions Use cases Sales Discover and reinforce behaviors that accelerate revenue growth Customer Care Deliver brand-defining CX at a lower cost per contact Retention Transform churn risks into lifelong promoters Collections Accelerate collections while minimizing compliance risk Industries Airlines Automotive Finance Healthcare Insurance Retail Telecommunications Travel & Hospitality Featured Watch Cresta's AI Agent for Banking dispute fraudulent charges, replace a lost card, and ship it to a new address Learn more Customers Our customers Customer Stories Learn how Cresta is delivering lasting value for our customers. Propel Holdings Vivint Oportun Cox Communications Brinks Home Holiday Inn Snap Finance A Top Telecom View all case studies Featured Watch William Niles, CEO of Brinks Home put Cresta AI Agent to the test Learn more Resources Learn with cresta Resource Library Webinars Videos Ebooks Infographics Reports Media Coverage Press Releases Data Sheets additional Information Blog Guides Industry News Help Center Featured Learn why Cresta was named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Conversation Intelligence Solutions for Contact Centers, Q2 2025 Learn more Company our company About Cresta Careers Press Releases Partners Support Help Center Trust & Security Featured Watch highlights from our flagship event, Cresta WAVE 2025 Learn more Get a demo Transform Automate Analyze Augment Transform every customer experience with AI agents Save money, increase revenue, and build customer loyalty with the only unified platform for human and AI Agents built for enterprise scale. Get a demo Request live demo Book live demo Customer stories Transform Automate Analyze Augment Transform every customer experience with AI agents Save money, increase revenue, and build customer loyalty with the only unified platform for human and AI Agents built for enterprise scale. Get a demo Request live demo Book live demo Customer stories Transform Automate Analyze Augment Transform every customer experience with AI agents Save money, increase revenue, and build customer loyalty with the only unified platform for human and AI Agents built for enterprise scale. Get a demo Request live demo Book live demo Customer stories Trusted by the world’s leading contact centers Trusted by the world’s leading financial institutions Lorem ipsum cras tellus orci tincidunt nibh enim. Blog Blog How Cox grew revenue and improved their digital experience Case study How Propel Holdings is scaling smarter with AI Case study Case study Case study How Brinks Home saved time and cut costs Case study How Snap Finance reduced AHT and increased QM automation Case study Case study Case study How Propel Holdings is scaling smarter with AI Case study Why IQCU chose Cresta as a strategic partner Blog Case study Case study How Optimum drove AI-powered sales conversions Blog How Oportun transformed QM and reduced workload Case study Case study Case study How Snap Finance reduced AHT and increased QM automation Case study How a Fortune 500 bank improved collections yield with Cresta Case study AI Agent Deliver exceptional CX for less, with human-centric AI Agents you can trust Explore AI Agent Agent Assist Turn every agent into a top performer with real-time guidance, knowledge and workflow automation Explore Agent Assist Conversation Intelligence Uncover the signals hidden in every conversation and capture the voice of your customer at scale to turn insights into better business outcomes Explore Conversation Intelligence Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. AI Platform Deploy industry-leading, multilingual AI across the entire customer journey—on one secure, scalable platform trusted by the Fortune 500. Explore the platform One AI partner for all CX use cases Reduce costs without sacrificing quality across customer care 5.5x Higher containment 23% Higher CSAT See the results Discover winning behaviors and coach more effectively across sales 20% Increase in revenue 40% Increase in span of control See the results How a Fortune 500 bank improved collections yield with Cresta 11% Promise-to-pay per right party contact 26% Promise amount relative to balance See the results Drive customer loyalty and boost the bottom line across customer care 30pt increase in NPS 50% reduction in QM Costs See the results Easily integrate into any environment See integrations Security and data privacy trusted by the Fortune 500 What our customers are saying "We’ve already seen the impact Cresta is having on our teams and customers, driving faster, smoother interactions and this is just the beginning.” Gary Edelstein President & Chief Operating Officer “After launching Cresta, we were able to decrease the training time for our team and improve revenue by 20%." Stephanie Dewald Vice President, Sales & Service Contact Centers "In a software landscape where many promise the moon but deliver vaporware, Cresta has consistently proven to be a beacon of reliability.” Phil Kolterman Chief Information Officer "Cresta allowed us to hit our ROI, which our business case was built upon quicker than we had anticipated.” Mike Mossman Executive Vice President of Operations "Cresta’s AI Analyst has been a game changer! It has significantly enhanced our ability to quickly understand customer inquiries, enabling us to make informed policy decisions very quickly. In an industry that is very unpredictable, Cresta adds immense value." Brandy Maxwell Senior Manager, Customer Insights "By leveraging Cresta's generative AI-powered solutions, we're enhancing sales effectiveness, streamlining post-call processes, and empowering our agents to focus on what matters most—building stronger relationships with our customers." Mike Parker President, Consumer Services "Cresta is really the technology of the future." Jason Love Director, Contact Center Training "Cresta is an incredible platform that has helped us solve so many challenges." Veronica Semler Vice President, Servicing Operations Ready to see the results for yourself? Realize your competitive advantage — see Cresta in action with a personalized demo. Thank you, we'll be in touch Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Products Platform Overview AI Agent Agent Assist Conversation Intelligence Сompany About Cresta Careers Partners Help Center Trust & Security Resources Resource Library Customer Stories Blog Guides 100 South Murphy Ave Ste 300 Sunnyvale, California 94086 Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 29A 10178 Berlin, Germany 100 King Street West 1 First Canadian Place, Suite 6200 Toronto ON M5X 1E8 © 2025 Cresta Terms of Service Privacy Policy Applicant Privacy Notice Privacy Settings