Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget Skip to main content Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget Menu Main navigation Our Work Issues Budget & Projections Health Care Social Security Other Spending Taxes Budget Process Economics Recurring Reports Budget Offsets Bank Tax Gap SALT Deduction Resources Budget 101 Trump CEA Tracker Projects Trust Fund Solutions Health Savers Initiative Tell the Truth FixUS Fiscal Security Project US Budget Watch 2024 Other Projects Interactives Debt Fixer Debt Thermometer Budgeting for the Future Insolvency Countdown Social Security Reformer How Old Will You Be? Is It Worth It? COVID Money Tracker Build Your Own Tax Extensions Build Your Own Child Tax Credit Press Donate About Us Staff Members Board Members Media Coverage Events Job Opportunities Request a Speaker Header Buttons Subscribe Search Toggle Search Objective. Nonpartisan. Committed to fiscal responsibility. Image Nov 17, 2025 Blog Social Security Social Security General Revenue Funding Would be a Costly Mistake Read more Image Nov 5, 2025 Blog Economics Getting to 3%: An Open Letter to Lawmakers Read more Image Nov 10, 2025 Blog Other Spending Taxes Tariff Dividends Could Cost $600 Billion Per Year Read more Latest Dec 31, 2025 Blog Budgets & Projections Top 13 Fiscal Charts of 2025 It was an eventful year for fiscal policy in 2025. With large parts of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) set to expire, lawmakers used the... Read more Dec 23, 2025 Blog Other Spending Appropriations Watch: FY 2026 Updated 12/23/25: On December 20, the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, Rep. Tom Cole (R-OK), announced an agreement with the chair of... Read more Dec 19, 2025 Blog Budgets & Projections Romney Stresses Need for Entitlement Reform, Revenue Increases in NYT Former Senator Mitt Romney (R-UT), a board member of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, published a guest essay in The New York Times... Read more Dec 18, 2025 Blog Economics New Paper Estimates Upper Limit on Debt In a new working paper published by the National Bureau of Economic Research, economists Vadim Elenev, Tim Landvoigt, and Stijn Van Nieuwerburgh... Read more Dec 18, 2025 Paper Health Care Reference Pricing for the FEHB Health care spending represents about 18% of the nation’s economy and the largest area of federal spending. High and rising health care costs are... Read more Dec 17, 2025 Press Release Budgets & Projections Health Care House Passes Deficit-Reducing Health Bill The House passed the Lower Health Care Premiums for All Americans Act. The bill – one of more than a dozen plans released in recent weeks ahead of the... Read more Load More Interactives Budgeting for the Future Debt Fixer COVID Money Tracker See all Interactives Project Spotlight Image US Budget Watch 2024 US Budget Watch 2024 is a project designed to educate the public on the fiscal impact of presidential candidates’ proposals... Read more Image Trust Fund Solutions Some of our most important federal programs are financed through dedicated revenue sources and managed through federal trust... Trust Fund Solutions Image Other Spending COVID Money Tracker Explore the data and track the trillions of dollars of federal spending, tax cuts, loans, grants, and subsidies authorized... Visit CovidMoneyTracker.org Image Health Care Health Savers Initiative The Health Savers Initiative is a collaborative project of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, Arnold Ventures... Briefs, Blogs & Events Image FixUS Initiative FixUS seeks to better understand the root causes of our nation’s growing divisions and deteriorating political system, to... Visit FixUsNow.org Our Mission The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget is a nonpartisan, non-profit organization committed to educating the public on issues with significant fiscal policy impact. Learn More About Us Social Media Stay Connected Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Footer menu Contact Us Copyright Policy © 2025 Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, All rights reserved. 1025 Connecticut Avenue N.W., Suite 1100, Washington, DC 20036 | Phone: 202-596-3597