Cricket Betting India - Best Online Bookies Reviews Bookmakers History Tournaments Cricket Tips Cricket betting Bet on Cricket Online! Place your bet T&C Applies Guide to cricket betting in India Great Bets Are Waiting on Cricket Cricket is one of the world’s most popular sports. For many countries, the sport may be seen as slow and inaccessible, but for those countries that have been familiar with it for a while, it’s a national obsession. Cricket was spread around the world by the British Empire, and it is still at its most popular in Anglophone countries with a history of connections with the British. India, Australia, South Africa and the West Indies are just a few parts of the world where the sport is still wildly popular. There’s no shortage of markets available, and plenty of opportunities for avid sports punters looking for a big win. We’re going to give you a complete rundown of the sport, and how to wager on it. With our help, and some great India cricket betting tips, you’ll have no problems placing the most reliable cricket wagers possible. How Cricket is Played, and How You Can Place Successful Wagers on Games and Tournaments The rules of cricket are fairly straightforward. Many people are put off by what they perceive as the slow pace of the sport. But the reality is, if you know what you are watching, there’s just as much action here as you’ll find in other sports. Once you’ve got a good grip on the rules, you’ll be able to work out the best places to put your wagering funds. There are a number of markets available on any given game of cricket, and if you don’t familiarise yourself with them, you may not be able to place successful wagers. That’s why we’re going to tell you exactly what you need to win big. Read more The Best Cricket Betting Sites Site Games Rating Highlights 1 review T20 World Cup, ICC Champions Trophy, ODI World Cup Bet $10 Get $30 in Free Bets Bet Now T&C Applies 2 review ICC Cricket World Cup, ICC Champions Trophy, T20 World cup $10 BONUS 20 FREE SPINS Bet Now T&C Applies 3 review ICC Cricket World Cup, ICC Champions Trophy, T20 World cup Welcome Offer Bet Now T&C Applies 4 review ICC Cricket World Cup, ICC Champions Trophy, T20 World cup, ODI World Cup $30 Free Bets Bet Now T&C Applies 5 review T20 World Cup, ICC Champions Trophy, ODI World Cup NEW 12VIP PROGRAM! Bet Now T&C Applies How Do the Various Game Formats Affect an Approach to Cricket Betting? Different game formats can change the way a game of cricket is played out. If you don’t make sure that you know the difference between the various formats, you may end up with some nasty surprises. For instance, you may not be able to successfully predict the outcome of a match, as you’ve only been used to watching certain formats played. With our help, you’re able to familiarise yourself with rules for all the main formats, giving you a solid understanding of how the sport works. That way, you can make the most out of online cricket betting What Factors Will Get the Most Out of Your Cricket Betting? The best way of empowering your cricket betting is by ensuring that you are familiar with all the different rules and formats. You will also benefit from watching cricket on a regular basis. That way, you can ensure that you understand everything, and can put your money where it matters the most. Read more HOT OFFERS NOW 888sport $30 Free Bets Review Get a bonus T&C Applies Bet365 Welcome Offer Review Get a bonus T&C Applies 12Bet NEW 12VIP PROGRAM! Review Get a bonus T&C Applies Betfair $10 BONUS 20 FREE SPINS Review Get a bonus T&C Applies A Guide to Cricket Betting – How Is the Game Played? The rules of cricket are fairly straightforward, and somewhat resemble those of other sports, such as baseball or rounders. The game is played by two teams, of eleven players each. The oval pitch can vary in size, but is centred on a 22 yard strip which features the wicket: three vertical wooden posts, with a smaller piece of wood balanced on top. This is where all the action takes place. The game involves the two teams taking it in turns at bowling (throwing the ball at the wicket) and batting (defending the wickets with a cricket bat). The aim of the bowler is to hit the wicket. The aim of the batsman is to knock the ball away from the wicket, then make as many laps up and down the 22 yard strip as possible. A cricket score is based on how many runs (one length of the strip) are scored. How Batting Works The batsman has to defend the wicket, using a cricket bat (a bat that somewhat resembles a baseball bat, but thinner, flatter, lighter, and held down rather than up). His aim is to hit the ball as far as possible, then make as many runs as possible on the 22 yard strip. However, if a fielder of the opposing team throws the ball and hits either the wicket or the boundary during the run, the batter is out. Cricket batting tips can help you predict the outcome. How Bowling Works The bowler has six throws (known as overs) with which to get the batsman out. His aim is to hit the wicket, thus getting the batsman out. The bowler is supported by fielders, other players on his team standing at various points on the field. If the batsman hits the ball, and it is caught by a fielder before it hits the ground, the batsman is out. Also, if a fielder throws the ball and hits either the boundary or wicket while the batsman is in the middle of a run, the batsman is out. Read more Latest Articles and Tips Articles Bookmaker Cricket Betting Tips Leagues New Popular Tips Articles Advantages of Playing Online Casino Erfahrungen Read more Articles 2023 ICC World Cup Predictions Read more Articles School And Club Cricket Read more Articles Cricket Culture Read more See all posts Different Formats and How to Successfully Bet on Cricket Games While the actual rules of any game of cricket remain the same, there are a number of different formats in which cricket can be played online casino echtgeld. The key difference between the formats is the number of innings (the number of times a batsman bats) and the number of overs played (the number of times a bowler bowls). Between these different factors, you can expect to see games played out in a surprisingly varied way. It’s worth keeping up with the differences for when you make a cricket bet live. Formats include: First Class Cricket: each side plays two innings, and the result is decided at the end of five days (international) or four days (club and county level). Limited Overs Cricket: the game takes place over a single day. Each team plays a total of forty or fifty overs. Twenty20 Cricket: a more recent version of cricket. Each side only bats to twenty overs. The variety of formats means that some cricketers will be more suited to certain styles. For instance, a Twenty20 game would suit a batsman who is a ‘Big Hitter’, while higher level, more disciplined players would be better suited to something like First Class Cricket. What Factors Will Improve Your Cricket Betting? There are a number of factors that will determine how a cricket match turns out. If you want to make the most out of your cricket betting, you should familiarise yourself with these different variables. If you have an in-depth understanding of the game and the things that affect it, you will have a better chance of winning. The most obvious place to start is getting to know the teams. Naturally, some teams have a different play style and strategy to others. For instance, some teams may be better at going on the attack, while others may play a more balanced game. It’s also important that you work out which formats teams are best at. If you can recognise a team’s strong point and find them playing the right kind of match, you’re in the best position to win. Like any sport, environmental factors can play a very big role in how things turn out on the pitch. A good example of this was the recent match between Sri Lanka and India. Air pollution was so high that the Sri Lankan team, unused to such conditions, found themselves throwing up during the game. Other major factors could be rain, snow, or exceptionally hot or cold weather. It’s worth taking these things into account when you work out where to put your money. Things to Consider When You Bet on Cricket The key thing when it comes to cricket betting is to do your research, and familiarise yourself with as many features of the upcoming match as possible. Obviously, a thorough study of both teams and their most recent performances is essential. It’s also a good idea to work out what kinds of competitions they have done best in. If one of the teams has a better showing on the upcoming format, they might be a better choice for betting on. And if they have a home advantage, that’s also worth considering. As far as the bets themselves go, there’s a wide selection of options on offer. If the match is part of a larger tournament, you can bet on outright odds to pick the eventual winner. Or you can use winner odds, and bet on each team as the competition progresses. You can find cricket betting tips free from many online tipsters. FAQ for Cricket Bets How does a team win at cricket? – A team has to score more runs than the other team to win. What kind of bets can I place on a cricket match? – Bookmakers offer a wide variety of markets on any match. For instance, you can bet on runs, winner or outright winner for a tournament. Where can I place cricket bets? – Most bookmakers, especially in the India, carry markets on a wide variety of cricket events. You can bet online or in store, and cricket betting odds are usually kept competitive. Where can I find cricket betting tips? – Many websites carry cricket betting tips, and sports publications can also give you an idea of what to expect. Who are the major cricket team? – The biggest international teams are Australia, England, the West Indies, India and Sri Lanka. There are many other international teams involved. In the India, much of cricket is played on a county level. What is the biggest international cricket contest? – The International Cricket Council organises the majority of major international events. They are responsible for the ICC Intercontinental Cup, the ICC World Cricket League, and the World Twenty20, all major events in the annual cricket schedule. What is The Ashes? – The Ashes is an ongoing rivalry between England and Australia. Each country hosts on an alternating basis, and the tournament takes place every year. It’s one of the favourite events for each country in the cricketing year, and has been taking place since 1882. Ladbrokes Sky Bet William Hill Paddy Power About Our Company Autor Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Responsible Gambling Terms and Conditions Cricket-Player.com © 2025