Crisis Text Line | Text HOME to 741741 Free, 24/7 Mental Health Support Skip to content Get Help Anxiety Bullying Climate Anxiety Depression Doomscrolling Eating Disorders Emotional Abuse Financial Stress Grief Gun Violence Loneliness Relationships Self-Harm Suicide International Support Reach A Crisis Counselor Volunteer Volunteer at Crisis Text Line Community The Impact of Online Crisis Volunteers Spanish Bilingual Opportunities Student Learning Practicum program Campus Advocates Mental Health Changemakers Learn About Us Blog Resources Research & Impact Where We Are Financials Share Giving Season 2025 Every 43 Seconds A Life is Gone: Suicide Prevention Month School Hacks: Mental Health Edition Mental Health Awareness Month 2025 Classroom Empathy: Tools for Effective Teaching Nutrition and Mental Health Gamer’s Guide to Battle Loneliness United in Empathy Report Community Resilience Report A Decade Of Impact Ways to Give Support Our Programs Become A Partner Donate ❤️ En Español Search Site Menu Close Menu 24/7 Free Confidential Mental Health Support Help Us Answer the Text this Holiday Season $50,000 Matching Gift! Every Dollar You Give is Matched! Double Your Impact Today Need to vent? Text HOME to 741741 to connect with a live volunteer Crisis Counselor. Text Us Chat With Us WhatsApp For international support, click here Our Impact # conversations since 2013 globally and supporting over 11 million conversations in the U.S. of our texters find our service helpful; the vast majority of texters feel a positive change in mood. trained volunteer Crisis Counselors responding to over 350 million Messages Need Support? Access to free, 24/7 support via mediums people use & trust, such as text messaging, which ensures that help is just a message away. Get Help Donate As a mental health charity, we can’t provide free, 24/7 care without you. Support those in crisis with a one-time or monthly donation. Give Today Make an Impact Join our community of trained volunteer Crisis Counselors and be part of a community dedicated to supporting people in need. Volunteer Today An example exchange between a texter and a volunteer Crisis Counselor. Counselor It’s understandable to feel that way when it’s so hard to see past your depression. Would you be interested in coming up with ways to manage the racing bothersome thoughts? Texter It really helps to talk about it, and I guess just figure out how to stop thinking so negatively. Counselor It sounds like you’ve been carrying your depression for a while, I imagine it’s heavy. Texter Well my anxiety and depression has ruined a lot of friendships and relationships. I feel like I always end up alone and it’s scary. Counselor Hey there. It looks like you’re going through a rough patch tonight. Can you tell me a bit about why you’re texting Crisis Text Line? I’m here to listen and help as best I can. Texter I just need someone to talk to. How it Works # Text HOME to 741741 from anywhere in the United States – 24/7, free, confidential. Crisis Text Line is here for you. A live, trained volunteer Crisis Counselor will receive your text and respond with care and compassion. They’re here to listen, support you, and help you move from a hot moment to a cool calm. Read More Meet Crisis Text Line # Crisis Text Line is a global mental health organization dedicated to supporting people in their most difficult moments. We focus on both crisis intervention and prevention, providing free, 24/7, confidential support through a text-based platform that meets people where they are. Our volunteer Crisis Counselors support people through challenges like stress, anxiety, loneliness, bullying, substance use, self-harm, and suicidal thoughts—empowering texters to draw on their strengths and coping skills. Learn More About Crisis Text Line Get Help Today # Financial Anxiety Financial anxiety happens when money worries take a toll on your life—this resource offers tips to help you cope. Learn More Grief Grief is a normal reaction to loss. It can feel lonely and heavy. However, understanding grief and getting support can help ease the pain and aid in healing. Learn More Loneliness Loneliness can deeply impact your mental health—but we’re here to listen and support you. Learn More Need to vent? Text HOME to 741741 to connect with a volunteer Crisis Counselor Free confidential 24/7 support at your fingertips. Text Us Join our community for regular updates on our mission and the people that make it happen. Email Address Thanks for signing up! Get help US: Text 741741 CA: Text 686868 UK: Text 85258 Ireland: 50808 Data & Impact Your Digital Rights Data Philosophy Trends Research and Impact Support our work Volunteer at Crisis Text Line Join Our Staff Student Learning Practicum program Spread the Word Issue Briefs About us Meet Our Team Where We Are FAQ Press Crisis Text Line Blog Testimonials Feedback Donor Confidentiality Social Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn TikTok © Crisis Text Line 2013–2024 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Reach a Crisis Counselor × A modal dialog containing textual content.. (Press escape to close) Need to Vent? Simply text HOME or HOLA to 741741 to reach a live volunteer Crisis Counselor. We are always here for you. Free, 24/7, confidential. Message frequency varies. Message & data rates may apply. Terms of Service & Privacy Policy Text Us Chat With Us WhatsApp Mobile Menu Overlay En Español Get Help Donate Volunteer Learn Blog Share Ways to Give Suicide Prevention Month School Hacks: Mental Health Edition Mental Health Awareness Month 2025 Classroom Empathy: Tools for Effective Teaching Nutrition and Mental Health Gamer’s Guide to Battle Loneliness The Impact of Online Crisis Volunteers United in Empathy Report Search Gift of hope to those in need of support this giving season. Donate today and be someone’s lifeline! Giving Season Close Button