Solutions
Bridge
Build
Ecosystem
Cronos One
Global Finance,
On-Chain
Discover the Blueprint
150M+ Transactions
500 ms block time
150M+ Users
10M+ Txn/day bandwidth
$6B+ Assets secured
Max 60,000 TPS
500+ Ecosystem Dapps
150M+ Transactions
500 ms block time
150M+ Users
10M+ Txn/day bandwidth
$6B+ Assets secured
Max 60,000 TPS
500+ Ecosystem Dapps
The Backbone for Open,
AI-Accessible Markets
Full spectrum
of asset classes
All-in-one RWA. From equities, funds, and commodities to insurance, forex, and real estate.
On-chain
true ownership
Facilitating access to regulated products across the most dynamic financial markets.
Supercharged
ecosystem utility
Composable utility for assets across existing and new ecosytem dapps. Instant transfer, yield on stocks, lending capabilities.
Trump Media Group
and Crypto.com
announce America’s
$6.42B CRO treasury
Buy CRO
Tap for more
Tap for more on the proposed Business Combination and important info about $YORK, $YORKW and $YORKU
The Cronos
Edge
The Crypto.com Catalyst
Through Crypto.com, Cronos reaches 150M+ users with frictionless DeFi, powers real-world payments for 10M+ merchants, all backed by world-class USD liquidity from the #1 global spot exchange.
Battle Tested Infrastructure
Institutional-grade blockchain engineering, battle-tested with zero downtime over the last 4 years. Ethereum compatible, blazing fast, and affordable for all.
Mature DeFi Ecosystem
Growing ecosystem of DeFi applications with strong product-market fit. Composable primitives to unleash every possible opportunity.
Built for Humans,
Ready for AI.
Infrastructure for Intelligent Agents
Our platform is AI-native from the ground up. With our AI Agent SDK and Proof of Identity standard, we provide the core tools for AI to operate autonomously and securely within the DeFi ecosystem, directly interacting with tokenized assets.
Project Cortex: The AI Gateway
As LLMs become the new interface for daily life, Project Cortex will be the portal to on-chain finance. Effortlessly trade, lend, stake, and pay using natural language — all powered by the security and efficiency of Cronos.
From Vision
to Market
Cronos fuels tokenization and DeFi with grants, tech support, and partnerships, empowering projects to make the shift on-chain.
Explore Builder Resources
Explore
Our Ecosystem
Discover All DApps
Join the Movement
Connect with fellow pioneers, share your vision, and help us forge the next era of digital innovation.
USEFUL LINKS
Newsletter
Media Kit
Email dev relation
Privacy Notice
Cronos Labs
SOCIAL
Copyright
© 2025 Cronos Labs.
All rights reserved.