Crosswalk - Grow in Faith with Daily Christian Living Articles | Crosswalk.com Go Ad-Free Join Plus Log In Open main menu Open main menu Trending: Plus Forums Crossword Devotionals Your Nightly Prayer Christmas & Advent New Year Headlines Video Prayer Join PLUS Log In Home | Forums Crossword Devotionals Your Daily Prayer Your Nightly Prayer The Crosswalk Devotional Your Daily Bible Verse Video Devotional Plus Marriage Devo Plus Encouragement for Today See All Devotionals Faith Spiritual Life Bible Study Prayer Women Men Seniors Health & Wellness Mental Health Family Marriage Divorce and Remarriage Singles Parenting Grandparenting Homeschool Career Finances Church Pastors / Leadership Christianity Q&A Worship Culture Headlines Holidays & Special Coverage Video Movies Television Podcasts Christian Music Books Newsletters Contact Us 7 Ways to Have a Healthy Year Even if your health seems beyond repair, we can always take steps to better ourselves. God wants us to live in health and freedom, not bondage and stress. Make this the healthiest year ever. Read more... Today's Devotional Little Things Matter Marriage is not a give and take; it’s a give and receive. Each gives their best and their all to each other, no matter what. Continue Reading... Featured Plus Worship the One True God Fun Ways to Ring in the New Year with Your Family 6 Reminders for Christian Singles Feeling Alone on New Year’s Plus Printable 2026 Calendar 10 Things That Negatively Affect Your Intimacy How to Reflect on God’s Faithfulness as You Enter a New Year 5 Powerful Changes to Make in Your Marriage Next Year Play today’s crossword! A Prayer to Discern How to Spend Your Time - Your Daily Prayer - December 30 Overwhelmed by your to‑do list or unsure where God wants you to focus? This prayer invites you to ask God for wisdom each day, surrender your plans, and trust Him to guide your time. Continue Reading... Today's Bible Reading Day 364: Luke 4:31-44; Ezekiel 46-47; Isaiah 65 Verse of the Day Psalms 119:165 Great peace have those who love your law, and nothing can make them stumble. Read Psalms 119 Play today’s crossword! Trending Headlines Houston Coach DeMeco Ryans Says Faith in Jesus Has Been an Anchor for the Team How to Pray Through the Entire Year – One Month at a Time 14-Year-Old Praises Jesus on ‘The Voice’ With Worship-Filled Forrest Frank Song More Headlines Personalize the content you want to see on Crosswalk Create an experience just for you Learn More Most Popular A Prayer to Remember Our Purpose - Your Daily Prayer - December 28 Your Daily Prayer How to Pray Through the Entire Year – One Month at a Time Prayer A Prayer to Walk by Faith in the New Year - Your Daily Prayer - December 29 Your Daily Prayer 9 Things NOT to Do in Your Marriage Next Year Marriage Latest 4 Reasons Men Need to Show Emotions Men 5 Practices for Parents to Try in the New Year Slideshows 3 Things to Pray for in the New Year Happy New Year What Does the Bible Say about Leadership? Career For Plus Subscribers 3 Tips When Making New Year's Resolutions Happy New Year How Christians Can Approach New Years Resolutions Happy New Year 5 New Year's Resolutions for Parents of Adult Children Parenting A New Year's Study for Seniors to Grow in Availability Happy New Year More Plus Content Today's Inspiring Video Video Zach Williams Says His Music Is for Misfits, Prodigals, and Church Kids, Too Watch Now Join the Discussion on Forums Your Daily Prayer Devotional Discussion Your Nightly Prayer Devotional Discussion Is it a sin for Christians to get a tattoo? What Race Was Jesus? More Discussions Follow Crosswalk on Social Media About Us Crosswalk App Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Write for Us California - CCPA Notice California - Do Not Sell My Personal Information This site is a proud member of the Salem Web Network, a subsidiary of Salem Media Group. Other Salem Web Network sites include: BibleStudyTools.com GodTube.com iBelieve.com Christianity.com LifeAudio.com Oneplace.com Salem Media, our partners and affiliates use cookies to operate our website and share information, which allows us to show your personalized content and manage our objectives as a business. Copyright © 2025, Crosswalk.com. All rights reserved. Article Images Copyright © Getty Images unless otherwise indicated.