Cross Forward Consulting, LLC Cross Forward Consulting, LLC Our Apps • About Us Apps Cross Forward Consulting is an independent app maker. Its apps are made by David Smith . If you need help or support with one of my apps, please email us below. Widgetsmith Support General Support Widgetsmith Widgetsmith lets you personalize your home screen like never before. It starts with a wide collection of highly customizable widgets, which range in function from date, to weather, to astronomy. Each can be adjusted precisely to best fit your desired function and appearance. This set of widgets can then be dynamically scheduled to appear on your home screen following rules you define. For example, a particular widget could show the weather first thing in the morning, then your calendar during your work day, then switch to your Activity ring progress as you wrap up your day. This lets you take full advantage of each slot on your home screen. The app itself also includes a wide collection of tools, such as a weather app, a timezone converter, a calendar. These tools can automatically launch based on the active widget tapped. Pedometer++ Take advantage of the motion tracking capabilities in your iPhone to improve your health. Pedometer++ lets you easily keep track of your daily and weekly step counts. You can also set the app to dynamically show your current step count as the applications badge. This will update dynamically throughout the day. Watchsmith Watchsmith lets you personalize your Apple Watch like never before. It starts with a wide collection of highly customizable complications, which range in function from date, to weather, to astronomy.  Each can be adjusted precisely to best fit your desired function and appearance. This set of complications can then be dynamically scheduled to appear on your watch face following rules you define.  For example, a particular complication slot could show the weather first thing in the morning, then your calendar during your work day, then switch to your Activity ring progress as you wrap up your day.  This lets you take full advantage of each slot on your watch face without the need to constantly switch back and forth between faces. The Apple Watch app itself also includes a wide collection of tools and functions, such as a weather app, a workout app, a timezone converter, games and a calendar. Watchsmith provides one tap access to what you need, right when you need it. Sleep++ FREE Use your Apple Watch to AUTOMATICALLY track your sleep! Sleep++ takes advantage of the motion and health monitoring capabilities of your Apple Watch to measure both the duration and quality of your sleep.  The better you understand how well you are sleeping the more you are able to make changes in your routines to benefit your rest. My goal is to provide every Apple Watch owner with a free automatic sleep tracker that is simple and clear to understand.  For each night you get a straightforward report of how long you slept and how restful you were during the night. Simply wear your Apple Watch overnight and each morning Sleep++ will analyze your sleep and give you a report about how long and restfully you slept. Audiobooks FREE Listen to 5,154 classic audiobooks totally FREE on your iPhone or iPad. In addition to the great free content, we also include a growing collection of premium audiobooks for your enjoyment. These include professionally narrated modern best sellers and hand-selected classics edited for maximum quality. Whether you are stuck in traffic, waiting for your connection, cramming for that English test, or just relaxing on your sofa, Audiobooks provides your most beloved audiobooks at the touch of your finger. Copyright © 2024 - David Smith All Rights Reserved.