Crossbar - Sports Management Platform Crossbar is now part of PlayMetrics! Read more → Platform Clubs Leagues Facilities Tournaments Governing Bodies Clubs Leagues Facilities Tournaments Testimonials About Blog Help Login Book A Demo Sports Management Platform Clubs • Leagues • Facilities • Tournaments Schedule Demo Hockey Football Basketball Lacrosse Volleyball Baseball Our Platform Everything you need to manage youth sports in one, easy-to-use, platform. groups_2 Clubs We have first-hand experience managing youth sports organizations, so we built the platform we needed to make our own lives easier as parent volunteers. Learn More format_list_numbered Leagues Everything you need to run a league including multiple registration types, scores, standings and playoff brackets. And it automatically syncs with our club product! Learn More stadium Facilities Built specifically for fields, arenas and courts, our facility manager is easy to use and will make handling your rentals and bookings a breeze. Learn More emoji_events Tournaments From taking registrations all the way to the final buzzer of your championship game, manage all aspects of your tournaments right from your organization's website. Learn More What our customers say The website is easy to use/manipulate and the best feature is the automatic payment system so we are not chasing down tuition on a weekly/monthly basis. Bobby D , Treasurer North Andover Youth Hockey Hockey I feel like we have the club on track for many years to come and Crossbar was the linchpin. Chris D , Webmaster Northeast Storm Hockey Hockey The Crossbar software has allowed us to react to the creation, maintenance and communication of our 65 teams very well. We have grown a lot due to our adapting the Crossbar system into our organization. Jim J , Registrar/Board Member North Macomb Community Youth Soccer Soccer View more testimonials 4.6 / 5.0 4.9 / 5.0 4.7 / 5.0 Ready to reclaim your free time? Book A Demo Company Home Testimonials Partners About Blog Help PLATFORM Clubs Leagues Facilities Tournaments Governing Bodies About Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017-2025 PlayMetrics, LLC. All rights reserved.