CrowdStrike: We Stop Breaches with AI-native Cybersecurity Skip to Main Content 100% detection. 100% protection. CrowdStrike excels in MITRE's most demanding platform evaluation yet. Learn more Experienced a breach? Blog Contact us Careers Latest Innovations Platform Services Solutions Why CrowdStrike Resources Pricing 2 Upcoming events Jan 16 Conference CrowdTour Find a city near you Mar 19 Conference Fal.Con Gov 2026 Washington, D.C. View all events Login Your Cart Added to Cart There's nothing in your cart Explore products per endpoint / per year - + View Order{cartSize} Continue Shopping Start free trial Platform Services Solutions Why CrowdStrike Resources Pricing Login Experienced a breach? Contact us Start free trial Back Adopt and deploy AI with confidence From the pioneer of EDR, MDR, and CDR, secure the AI attack surface with CrowdStrike Falcon® AI Detection and Response. Read press release 273% ROI, payback in under six months Forrester Consulting, “The Total Economic Impact™ of CrowdStrike Endpoint Security,” 2026. Download study AI Summit Accelerating Secure AI Adoption and Development AI is accelerating transformation. Adversaries are exploiting it. Shift AI from your biggest risk to your greatest advantage. AMS — Jan. 21 | APJ — Jan. 22 | EUR — Jan. 27 Register now 100% detection. 100% protection. Zero false positives. CrowdStrike's unified platform achieved perfect scores in MITRE’s most demanding platform evaluation yet. * Learn more Experience AI-native security, customer-led insights, and hands-on learning at a city near you CrowdTour 2025 Experience AI-native security, customer-led insights, and hands-on learning at a city near you 95% reduction in tech. management labor. 80% lower risk of endpoint breach. Forrester TEI — Endpoint Security 95% reduction in tech. management labor. 80% lower risk of endpoint breach. A Four-Step Journey to AI-Powered Security Operations — The ultimate guide to your agentic SOC transformation The Agentic SOC Guide A Four-Step Journey to AI-Powered Security Operations — The ultimate guide to your agentic SOC transformation The Agentic Security Platform. Unified and built to secure the AI revolution. Explore now Recognition by trusted analysts CrowdStrike named a Leader for the sixth consecutive time CrowdStrike named a Leader for the sixth consecutive time 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Endpoint Protection Platforms. Download report CrowdStrike Recognized as a Leader in Exposure Management CrowdStrike Recognized as a Leader in Exposure Management Get the excerpt CrowdStrike Named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape for CNAPP CrowdStrike Named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape for CNAPP Get the excerpt Falcon platform bundles Start free trial Explore all bundles Try for 15 days Falcon Free Trial Free No credit card required Start free trial Next-gen antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile device protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall management Endpoint detection and response Threat intelligence & hunting Identity protection IT hygiene Next-gen SIEM Express support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Security essentials Falcon Go $59.99 per device 1 / billed annually Add to cart Try free Next-gen antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile device protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall management Endpoint detection and response Threat intelligence & hunting Identity protection IT hygiene Next-gen SIEM Express support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Enhanced protection Falcon Pro $99.99 per device / billed annually Add to cart Try free Next-gen antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile device protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall management Delivers simple, centralized host firewall management, making it easy to manage and control host firewall policies. Endpoint detection and response Threat intelligence & hunting Identity protection IT hygiene Next-gen SIEM Express support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Advanced protection Falcon Enterprise $184.99 per device / billed annually Add to cart Try free Next-gen antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile device protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall management Delivers simple, centralized host firewall management, making it easy to manage and control host firewall policies. Endpoint detection and response Delivers continuous, comprehensive endpoint visibility and automatically detects and intelligently prioritizes malicious activity to ensure nothing is missed and potential breaches are stopped. Threat intelligence & hunting Partners you with a team of elite cybersecurity experts to hunt continuously within the Falcon platform for faint signs of sophisticated intrusions, leaving attackers nowhere to hide. Identity protection IT hygiene Next-gen SIEM Express support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Falcon Complete Next-Gen MDR Fully Managed Protection Falcon Complete Next-Gen MDR 24/7 expert-led, AI-accelerated managed detection and response (MDR) Even more add-on modules available, such as Next-Gen Identity Security and Next-Gen SIEM CrowdStrike Breach Prevention Warranty Contact sales Schedule a demo Customers trust CrowdStrike to protect what matters most Jac Noel, Principal Engineer & Security Architect Intel Corporation Jac Noel, Principal Engineer & Security Architect “We immediately started seeing the benefits of a modern security stack.” Watch their story All testimonials Jennifer Czaplewski, Vice President, Cybersecurity Solutions Target Jennifer Czaplewski, Vice President, Cybersecurity Solutions "CrowdStrike really checks all of the boxes for things that we're looking for. They've been a good strategic partner." Watch their story All testimonials Kelly McCracken, SVP of Detection & Response Salesforce Kelly McCracken, SVP of Detection & Response “All of us see that we have to work together. It’s the only way that we are going to combat the advanced threat actors out there.” Watch their story All testimonials Previous Next 01 02 03 Experience industry-leading solutions from one powerful platform Secure your AI Secure your AI Prevent data leaks and secure AI agents, apps, models, identities, and infrastructure — all from a single platform. Learn more Secure your cloud CrowdStrike Falcon® Cloud Security Secure your cloud Stop cloud breaches with unified agent and agentless protection. Secure AI with new AI model scanning and AI security dashboard. Latest news Discover Cloud Security Stop identity attacks CrowdStrike Falcon® Next-Gen Identity Security Stop identity attacks Stop breaches faster with unified security for every identity — human, non-human, AI, and SaaS. Read blog Discover Identity Security The next SOC era starts here CrowdStrike Falcon® Next-Gen SIEM The next SOC era starts here The AI-native engine of the modern SOC, built to stop breaches — not just log them. Latest news Discover Next-Gen SIEM Know them. Find them. Stop them. Adversaries are operating with unprecedented stealth, and today’s attacks take only minutes to succeed. Discover the adversaries targeting your organization. Explore Adversary Universe 1 Purchases of Falcon Go are limited to a maximum of 100 devices. Gartner, 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Endpoint Protection Platforms (EPP), Evgeny Mirolyubov, Franz Hinner, Deepak Mishra, July 14, 2025 Gartner, Voice of the Customer for Endpoint Protection Platforms, Peer Editors, May 23, 2025 GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner and Magic Quadrant is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from CrowdStrike. * All detection results reported on this page reflect results from the configuration run of the Enterprise 2025 Evaluation Update Cart? Update Cart? Only one bundle can be added to your cart. To add , will be removed. Cancel and keep Continue with Try CrowdStrike free for 15 days Try CrowdStrike free for 15 days Start free trial Contact us View pricing Get Started Pricing Free Trial Guide Falcon Flex Financing CrowdStrike Marketplace Company About Us Executive Leadership Board of Directors Newsroom Investor Relations CrowdStrike Racing & F1 Sustainability Partners Partner Programs Service Providers Strategic Technology Channel & Distributors Become a Partner Existing Customers Support Portal Developer Portal CrowdStrike Community Support Call 1-888-512-8906 (US) Experienced a Breach? Contact Us Schedule a Meeting FAQs English (US) Deutsch English (AU) English (UK) English (US) Español (España) Español (Latinoamérica) Français Italiano Português (Brasil) عربى 日本語 繁體中文 한국어 Copyright © 2025 Privacy Cookies Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Accessibility