This website uses cookies

We use cookies (and other similar technologies) to collect data to improve your experience on our site.

Preferences
Allow all
Customise
Go to home page
Donate 
Fundraise
Extra funding
Partners
Help
Get started
Sign in
The home of fundraising
Crowdfunding, fundraising and grant funding
Get started

Activism   Arts   Charities   Community   Disasters   Emergencies   Education   Environment   Food and drink   Personal causes   Sports   Venues   
Search

Extra funding
Over £10m in Extra funding

Reach your target faster and raise extra money with over £10 million in match funding grants available from our national and regional partners.

About Extra funding
Appeal
Home is where the harm is.


104 women are killed yearly from domestic abuse. Donate to support adults and children escaping abuse and help make a difference today.


Donate
Appeal
Appeal
Gaza emergency appeals

Support the communities, charities and relief organisations who are helping the people of Palestine through this ongoing crisis.

Donate or fundraise
Raise money on Crowdfunder
We're the UK home of

Crowdfunding

The power of online fundraising


Get started


Prize Draws

Raise funds with an online raffle


Get started


Community Shares

Crowdfund with a community share


Learn more


Funding now
Funding
The People's Emergency Briefing

To bring the National Emergency Briefing to the people.

13% raised
30 days left
Funding
Exposing What’s at Stake for the NHS

With your support, we’ll shine a light on the facts before new government policies reshape our NHS.

86% raised
11 days left
Funding
Launch SOK: Shetland's Organisation for Knitters

Help preserve, promote, and protect Shetland's heritage knitting skills and culture with SOK:...

99% raised
23 hours left
Funding
Kiln & Friends Festive Charity Prize Draw 2025

Help Us Raise funds for 7 incredible local Charities & Community groups. Every ticket supports...

86% raised
3 days left
Funding
Save Cafe Roya!

Hi! I am hoping to raise enough to keep Cafe Roya open and focus on new projects including...

8% raised
26 days left
Funding
Dornoch Hogmanay Street Party Prize Draw 2025

Our Hogmanay Street Party is entirely funded by donations, and this year, enjoy a taste of...

41% raised
2 days left
Funding
Memorial for Bill Clements (Barton Billy)

This project is to provide a memorial for Bill Clements, known as ‘Barton Billy, a Japanese...

91% raised
34 days left
Funding
Hope is here: help us deliver it

Hope is here. In just 5 hours, we hit our £100,000 target. We're upping our target. Let's take...

90% raised
2 days left
Funding
In Memory of Max Kuc

In lieu of gifts and flowers, we are raising funds to create a lasting tribute to honour the...

1171% raised
34 days left
Funding
The Kings Arms New Year £1000 Prize Draw

Support our community pub - help us keep the doors open!

101% raised
20 hours left
Funding
Win a Mascot experience for Birmingham City v SCFC

Enter now to support Stoke City Foundation and win an Away mascot experience. Your entry makes a...

34% raised
7 days left
Funding
Experience TRP's pantomime from behind-the-scenes

Experience this year’s Theatre Royal Plymouth (TRP) pantomime from behind-the-scenes with...

58% raised
3 days left
Load more
How crowdfunding works
Set up your page

Create your page, tell your story, explain your plans and set your fundraising target.


Spread the word

Tell everyone you know about your project – friends, colleagues and your community.


Get funded

Supporters donate or pledge money towards your project, helping to reach your target.


Boost your fundraising with Extra funding
Crowdfunding for a charity, community project or sports club? Take your fundraising to the next level with match funding grants from our national and regional partners.
Access Extra funding
Crowdfund with confidence
Crowdfunding can help you build support and raise money for your idea – but it requires planning. That’s why we’ve created practical tools to help you get started and succeed.

Free webinars

Learn how to run a successful campaign with live sessions and experts

The Knowledge Hub

Access free guides and resources to help with every stage of your journey

Help Centre

Get instant answers to your questions with our 24/7 crowdfunding help centre

Fundraising for your charity

Join a host of amazing charities already using Crowdfunder’s charity fundraising platform to access unique features and engage with supporters in a new way. Start your charity’s fundraising journey today with zero platform fees.

Add your charity

Information
About us
Stories
Accessibility
Diversity and inclusion
Join our mailing list
Resources
Knowledge Hub
Get help
Webinars
Our fees
Like us on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Follow us on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Follow us on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Follow us on Instagram (Opens in new window)

Accessibility mode 

Toggle accessibility mode
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Cookie policy

© 2011-2025 Crowdfunder LTD is registered in England and Wales no. 07831511.