Product
Customers
Discover
Learn
Pricing
Demo
Sign In
Sign Up
Your stage is ready
Reach, engage, and grow your community with paid worksho|
Try for free
Learn more
View demo

TRUSTED BY

Introducing the new crowdcast

After bringing together over 10 million attendees, we’ve re-designed and engineered a groundbreaking new experience.

Your stage, your way

Design your new stage with backgrounds, logos, and branding that intelligently adapts to your content. Customize the layout to create the perfect feel for your community.

Introducing the Gallery

A secret space for your attendees to get ready before stepping up to the stage.

Enter the Studio

Create captivating moments with new built-in live production tools. Cue overlays, share videos, present slides, and drive attendees to take action.

Build your community

Bring attendees on screen. Poll your audience. Engage in live chat. Timestamp your answers. Grow your crowdcast channel with followers.

Expand your reach

Broadcast to platforms like Facebook Live, YouTube Live and Twitch. Pull viewers into your events and capture emails.

Grow your business

Host free or paid events. Create flexible ticketing options. Integrate with Patreon and Stripe. Connect to thousands of apps with Zapier

Webinars
are dead
See all features

Still trying to hack that boring webinar platform to fit your needs? It’s not your fault. Traditional webinar software wasn't built for creators like you.

At Crowdcast, you get a platform built with your needs in mind. From engagement to e-commerce, we've got you covered. So whether you want to host live shows, teach online, or host a virtual summit, you're in the right place. Finally.

People 

love

 their crowdcasts

We use Crowdcast for brand building and community events. I host a Q&A call for our community each month. We also host our virtual conferences on it. Crowdcast is a HUGE time saver. I never build landing pages for events anymore. I never have to upload recordings and send out links anymore. I love the fact that I can always say, "Yes, the event will be recorded. Just return to the exact same URL and it'll be waiting for you." The other benefit is that my audience loves interacting with me on Crowdcast--so there's a relationship-building aspect too. The quality of experience that you can create with Crowdcast is something I find really hard to duplicate elsewhere.

Tara McMullin

Founder of What Works

Using Crowdcast opened our eyes to a different way of communicating to the world. We had to find a digital solution for our festival due to COVID-19. We certainly didn't want to just stream events to YouTube or Vimeo. We wanted an open platform that we could bring guests into. With Crowdcast our festival felt like an event rather than another conference or boring webinar. It was easy to use, clean design, and our audience didn't have to worry about trolling. You don't have to download software or go to multiple sites. You get the same link for the event and the replay. It's just a very user friendly event platform, especially for the older demographic in our audience. For the first time, people who had never been able to come to the festival due to distance and mobility were able to attend.

Joe Fletcher

Hay Festival

Crowdcast allows us to connect with our audience and to engage with them in a more interactive way. Whenever we do events on Crowdcast, especially our popular Ask Me Anything series, it feels more casual. It feels more like our brand. We're talking with people and we're providing them information. They're connecting in the chat and they're asking questions. Plus, there is a polished feel like you're putting on like an event on a stage. It's just fun and not boring like other platforms!

Kacey

Techstars

My audience has increased exponentially since hosting Office Hours for Notion via Crowdcast. It's helped me boost my overall confidence on live video, grow my authority, and host my show without much overhead or editing. I love how easy Crowdcast is to navigate and their integrations with software I’m already using. Everything feels so Pro!

Marie Poulin

Notion

If you want to livestream to your patrons, you can try a free option like YouTube Live, but all you can do is create an unlisted link and your patrons can comment. Or you can use Crowdcast, which gives you a lot more features. You can bring guests up on screen, you can chat, you can gather emails and contact your patrons afterwards. And the sliding scale ticketing component is awesome. The ability to give your patrons discounts on the tickets or let them come for free makes it pretty close to hosting an in-person event where you have a special patron component. So yes, it costs money, but there's a lot more that you can do.

Patreon

We use Crowdcast for brand building and community events. I host a Q&A call for our community each month. We also host our virtual conferences on it. Crowdcast is a HUGE time saver. I never build landing pages for events anymore. I never have to upload recordings and send out links anymore. I love the fact that I can always say, "Yes, the event will be recorded. Just return to the exact same URL and it'll be waiting for you." The other benefit is that my audience loves interacting with me on Crowdcast--so there's a relationship-building aspect too. The quality of experience that you can create with Crowdcast is something I find really hard to duplicate elsewhere.

Tara McMullin

Founder of What Works

Using Crowdcast opened our eyes to a different way of communicating to the world. We had to find a digital solution for our festival due to COVID-19. We certainly didn't want to just stream events to YouTube or Vimeo. We wanted an open platform that we could bring guests into. With Crowdcast our festival felt like an event rather than another conference or boring webinar. It was easy to use, clean design, and our audience didn't have to worry about trolling. You don't have to download software or go to multiple sites. You get the same link for the event and the replay. It's just a very user friendly event platform, especially for the older demographic in our audience. For the first time, people who had never been able to come to the festival due to distance and mobility were able to attend.

Joe Fletcher

Hay Festival

Crowdcast allows us to connect with our audience and to engage with them in a more interactive way. Whenever we do events on Crowdcast, especially our popular Ask Me Anything series, it feels more casual. It feels more like our brand. We're talking with people and we're providing them information. They're connecting in the chat and they're asking questions. Plus, there is a polished feel like you're putting on like an event on a stage. It's just fun and not boring like other platforms!

Kacey

Techstars

My audience has increased exponentially since hosting Office Hours for Notion via Crowdcast. It's helped me boost my overall confidence on live video, grow my authority, and host my show without much overhead or editing. I love how easy Crowdcast is to navigate and their integrations with software I’m already using. Everything feels so Pro!

Marie Poulin

Notion

If you want to livestream to your patrons, you can try a free option like YouTube Live, but all you can do is create an unlisted link and your patrons can comment. Or you can use Crowdcast, which gives you a lot more features. You can bring guests up on screen, you can chat, you can gather emails and contact your patrons afterwards. And the sliding scale ticketing component is awesome. The ability to give your patrons discounts on the tickets or let them come for free makes it pretty close to hosting an in-person event where you have a special patron component. So yes, it costs money, but there's a lot more that you can do.

Patreon

We use Crowdcast for brand building and community events. I host a Q&A call for our community each month. We also host our virtual conferences on it. Crowdcast is a HUGE time saver. I never build landing pages for events anymore. I never have to upload recordings and send out links anymore. I love the fact that I can always say, "Yes, the event will be recorded. Just return to the exact same URL and it'll be waiting for you." The other benefit is that my audience loves interacting with me on Crowdcast--so there's a relationship-building aspect too. The quality of experience that you can create with Crowdcast is something I find really hard to duplicate elsewhere.

Tara McMullin

Founder of What Works

See more on the wall of love →
Experience Crowdcast in Action

Take a 10-minute deep dive into our platform. See how it works, explore features, and discover what makes Crowdcast different.

View Product Demo
What will you create for your audience?
Live Shows

Turn your content into a community event. Whether you want to host a live podcast show, stream your concerts, or create a series, you can.

Teaching & Training

From multi-week courses to private lessons—share slides, answer upvoted questions, invite students on screen, and customize your replays.

Patreon Events

Host livestreams and events for your patrons with our direct integration. You control which tiers have access and your patrons can register in one click.

Workshops & Webinars

Present to your audience without the overwhelm. Keep their attention on you as you share your slides and interact more meaningfully.

Virtual Conferences & Festivals

Host online conferences with breakout sessions and unlimited attendee registrations, without the cost of a venue or flights.

Hybrid Events

Livestream your in-person event and connect with your audience over Q&As, hangouts, group calls and more—so you can stay social while distancing.

See who else is creating events here
Chacruna Institute

1281 Followers

Charis Books and More/Charis Circle

Together with Charis Books and More, the South’s oldest independent feminist bookstore, Charis Circle exists to foster sustainable feminist communities, work for social justice, and encourage the expression of diverse and marginalized voices.

1016 Followers

Columbus Metropolitan Library

Columbus Metropolitan Library has served the community since 1873. With our Main Library and 22 branches, we inspire reading, share resources and connect people.

1946 Followers

DrexFactor Poi

116 Followers

Oxford Martin School

The Oxford Martin School brings together a vibrant community of scholars, drawn from across the University of Oxford. All of our research tackles issues of global significance, with teams working to have an impact beyond academia.

1700 Followers

Creatorcast

A live show dedicated to helping you grow your community and make a living.

1773 Followers

Tim Wilmot

Hi, I am Tim Wilmot, an enthusiastic watercolor artist based in the UK. I have painted all my life, and love painting landscapes, street scenes and seascapes in a fairly loose style. Hope you can join me on my watercolor workshop events!

798 Followers

The People's Reset

The People’s Reset offers an alternative to the UN & WEF’s top-down, centralized, authoritarian vision. Our desire is to help all people find community and liberty by providing practical steps and knowledge for co-creating a world that respects individual liberty, bodily autonomy, and choice. Our guiding principles are: Individual Liberty / Bodily Autonomy / Freedom of Choice / Individual Liberty / interdependence / decentralization

146 Followers

Social Impact World

124 Followers

37signals

Connect with Basecamp about all your set up and product questions

437 Followers

Hung Lee

Weekly panel discussions on Recruiting Brainfood - sourcing, EB, DEIB, AI, Recruitment marketing, Candidate experience, Recruitment Operations and anything else the community wants to talk about.

3211 Followers

Zight Office Hours

Where users come to gain in-depth product knowledge to help improve their business communications.

166 Followers

Anchorage Museum

378 Followers

Arduino

833 Followers

Explore channels & events →
Claim your channel

Go live for free with a 2 week trial and a money back guarantee.

Start your 14-day free trial
Join a demo

Made with 💗  in 
Germany
Indonesia

Follow us on Bluesky, X, Instagram, & LinkedIn

PRODUCT

Features
Customers
Discover
Pricing
Hire an expert

LEARN

Blog
Office Hours
Support
What's new

COMPANY

About
Careers
Partners
Terms of Service

·

Privacy Policy

·

Community Guidelines

·

System Status