Best Gym Membership - Top-Rated Fitness Centers & Health Clubs | Crunch Fitness skip navigation #NoJudgments Online Workouts en United States English Spanish Australia Canada Costa Rica Spanish Spain Portugal Free Trial Join en United States English Spanish Australia Canada Costa Rica Spanish Spain Portugal Free Trial Join Now Member Login Locations Classes HiitZone Training Enterprise Sales Activate Corporate Discount Corporate Partnerships Healthcare Memberships BRAND PARTNERSHIPS The Hub About Own a Crunch Free Trial Join Closest Club Find your nearest Crunch and join today! Share my location Find a crunch Crunchism #1 Our Gym is Your Gym Kick your feet up! With a gym designed around you, we think you’ll love it here. Group Fitness Classes We design our clubs to give you the most awesome workouts possible. That’s why our dedicated group fitness studios are four walls of innovative, ass-kicking, fun. Things to Lift Bulk up, trim down, or just rock out to your favorite playlist. Our free weights, shiny machines, and cutting-edge equipment are the gear to get you there. Miles of Cardio We’ve got all the equipment you need to sprint, jog or walk your way to your fitness goals. We’re cheering for you! People who Care We’re more than just incredible facilities. We’re instructors, trainers, and staff that live for your post-workout high-fives. Sparkling Clean Our gyms are not only filled to the brim with awesome equipment, they’re squeaky clean. Group Fitness Classes We design our clubs to give you the most awesome workouts possible. That’s why our dedicated group fitness studios are four walls of innovative, ass-kicking, fun. Things to Lift Bulk up, trim down, or just rock out to your favorite playlist. Our free weights, shiny machines, and cutting-edge equipment are the gear to get you there. Miles of Cardio We’ve got all the equipment you need to sprint, jog or walk your way to your fitness goals. We’re cheering for you! People who Care We’re more than just incredible facilities. We’re instructors, trainers, and staff that live for your post-workout high-fives. Sparkling Clean Our gyms are not only filled to the brim with awesome equipment, they’re squeaky clean. Crunchism #2 EMBRACE A #NOJUDGMENTS PHILOSOPHY Positivity We are nurturers: we seek only to encourage, entertain, and empower. Inclusivity Here we keep open minds. There is no one type or way in our diverse community. Come as you are! Fun We know serious fitness is hard, but that doesn’t mean it can’t be an edge-of-your-seat, can’t-get-enough, look-forward-to-your-workouts party. Crunchism #3 Energy is for Everyone Believe in the power of a motivating group fitness community. Check Out Our Group Fitness Classes Strength Sculpt the muscles on your muscles. Ride Spin me right round, baby!  Get in the saddle, gear up  and channel your inner cyclist. Mind Body Ommm-azingly strengthening. Dance Feel the rhythm while you feel the burn. Cardio Your heart rate is about to raise the roof with our action-packed classes. Specialty It’s like a weekly bachelorette party, but better. Crunchism #4 Goals are Made to be Crushed Train with our experts to drive your results. Learn More About Our Individual and Small Group Training Programs © Crunch Fitness All rights reserved Own a Crunch FAQ Careers Corporate Partnerships Activate Corporate Discount Healthcare Partnerships Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices