Cruzio Internet: Wireless, Fiber, Broadband, Colo, Offices Skip to main content Cruzio Internet Contact Us Member Tools Account Center Webmail Search site... Get Connected! Menu Skip to content Main Menu Internet Coworking Coworking Image Offices and 9-5 memberships Office Space Coworking Move your business to the best-connected office space in Santa Cruz. Fully furnished & fiber-connected. from $ 849 /mo go 9-5 Memberships Coworking Join the coworking revolution! Workspace, meeting rooms and free 1 Gbps (1,000Mbps) wifi, every day of the week. from $ 199 /mo go Workstations and Meetings Workstations Coworking Dedicated, permanent desk space with lockable storage, power, and 1 Gbps (1,000Mbps) fiber Internet. from $ 399 /mo go Day Pass Coworking No commitment. Work for the day, or several days, for one low price from $ 25 /day go 24/7 Memberships 24/7 Memberships Coworking Come & go as you please with full 24/7 keycard access and all the benefits of full membership. from $ 249 /mo go Meetings at Cruzioworks Coworking Gather & connect at Cruzio’s fiber hub. from $ 49 /hour go Enterprise Enterprise Image Colocation Colocation Data Center State-of-the-art secure facilities, right here in Santa Cruz. Fully-redundant fiber connectivity and power. from $ 449 /mo go Dedicated Dedicated Broadband Robust. Dedicated. Scalable. Infrastructure-grade bandwidth that’s always there when you need it. up to 1 + Gbps from $ 499 /mo go All Services Real Local Folks. Awesome Local Internet. Enter your address to get started. Headlines Santa Cruz Sentinel Mercury News Cruzio Blog NY Times BBC World Santa Cruz Local California Local Slashdot Links Trump made lots of tariff threats in 2025. Here’s some that never materialized By WYATTE GRANTHAM-PHILIPS, Associated Press Business Writer President Donald Trump made a lot of tariff threa… 49ers’ secondary faces major challenge in Seattle’s Jaxson Smith-Njigba SANTA CLARA — Deommodore Lenoir was reveling in the 49ers’ win over the Chicago Bears in a jubilant postgame l… US applications for jobless benefits fell below 200,000 last week with layoffs historically low By MATT OTT, Associated Press Business Writer WASHINGTON (AP) — Fewer Americans applied for unemployment benef… Zohran Mamdani is set to be sworn in as mayor as NYC rings in the New Year By ANTHONY IZAGUIRRE, Associated Press Zohran Mamdani will become mayor of New York City as the clock ticks ov… Asia rings in 2026 and Australia is defiant after its worst mass shooting By ROD McGUIRK and SHEIKH SAALIQ, Associated Press MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Auckland was the first major ci… Horoscopes Dec. 31, 2025: Gabby Douglas, being happy with yourself and how you look CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Gabby Douglas, 30; Joey McIntyre, 53; Bebe Neuwirth, 67; Anthony Hopkins, 88. Ha… Aptos boys basketball falls to Willow Glen in tourney semifinals | Local Roundup Jack Tovani had 12 points, two rebounds, and two assists to lead Aptos High’s boys basketball team, but the Ma… The best doormats to keep floors clean Which doormats are best? There is nothing worse than tracking dirt into a clean home. With a quality doormat,… Bundle up your dog with the best dog hoodies Which dog hoodie is best? Choosing the best dog hoodie is largely left up to the preferences of the dog owner,… Isiah Whitlock Jr., star of ‘The Wire’ and Spike Lee films, dies at 71 Isiah Whitlock Jr., the veteran character actor best known for his roles in “The Wire,” “Veep” and several Spi… California owners lost $33,000 in home equity in a year Remember that a home loan’s financial leverage can boost ownership profits over… California needs more snow accumulation to bolster 2026 water supplies, officials say PHILLIPS STATION  — California is seeing ample rain and water stored in the stat… America’s Test Kitchen buying bankrupt recipe site Food52 By Jonathan Randles, Bloomberg Cooking television show America’s Test Kitchen ha… 49ers’ secondary faces major challenge in Seattle’s Jaxson Smith-Njigba SANTA CLARA — Deommodore Lenoir was reveling in the 49ers’ win over the Chicago… Fatal overdoses decline for second year in a row in Santa Cruz County SANTA CRUZ — After reaching a troubling peak in 2023, drug overdose deaths have… Hand, foot and mouth disease spreading in Southern California Inland Empire health officials are warning people about an increase in hand, foo… Man arrested after 2 children killed in car crash on 5 Freeway Christmas Day A 28-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of felony child endangerment after a… How a California startup’s universal flu shot sold for $9 billion Inside a single-story brick building in Sorrento Mesa is a small lab sprinkled w… 3 hikers found dead on California mountain amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say A teen has died after a fall while hiking on Mt. Baldy, and two other hikers wer… Owner of California daycare center charged in toddler’s death A Rancho San Diego daycare provider faces criminal charges following the death e… Cruzio celebrates completion of Equal Access Summits to the Sea project SANTA CRUZ- Cruzio Internet is celebrating the completion of their ambitious Equ… The Critters We See When We Build Infrastructure Out on the job, Cruzio’s top-notch tech crews encounter all sorts of animals. We… An Otterly Excellent Story As if you needed it, there’s another reason to love our local sea otters: they’r… Local Businesses & Giant Octopus Celebrate Cruzio’s 35th Birthday We edited this photo to look like a 1950s horror movie. But the tentacles were r… Giant Slugs & Giant Sloths — That’s So Santa Cruz In the Santa Cruz Mountains we’re used to getting slimed by banana slugs, which,… First Friday at Cruzio Featuring Liminal Space! Liminal Space Art Collective is a group of Santa Cruz artists building bridges a… Faster Internet Coming to Coastside San Mateo Earlier this year, the state of California awarded Cruzio $5.65 million to impro… 🎨 First Friday at CruzioWorks!🎨 🎨 First Friday at CruzioWorks!🎨 Get ready to immerse yourself in a vibrant eveni… Black-footed Cats This cat looks a little like Cruzio Internet’s logo black-footed cats can be fou… Hidden Fortress Opens Cafe at Cruzioworks Amelia and her staff are super friendly and they serve great food Hidden Fortres… Even as Trump Targets Boats in Strikes, Coast Guard Continues Anti-Drug Operations Cutters are still stopping smugglers and seizing drugs, but the prosecutions of… Will the A.I. Boom Continue to Drive Up Stocks in 2026? The boom in artificial intelligence was the biggest driver of gains in the stock… He Is Being Sued in the U.S. for Human Rights Abuses. He Could be Deported First. Rafael Quero Silva faces a lawsuit brought by five people who say he oversaw the… Tatiana Schlossberg Was a Kennedy, and a Rookie Reporter Tatiana Schlossberg, who died on Tuesday, was the granddaughter of John F. Kenne… How Russia Is Brutalizing Its Own Soldiers, and More Than 5 Million Pages of Epstein Files Plus, the viral video that got the White House’s attention. Trump Spent the Past Year Trying to Crush Dissent The next three years will require a vigilant defense of free speech and open deb… Justice Dept. Is Now Said to Be Reviewing 5.2 Million Pages of Epstein Files The number represents a more precise, and potentially much larger, figure than e… New Year’s Eve Forecast Is Very Cold Across the U.S. Some of the season’s most frigid temperatures are expected this week. An Intense White House Response From a Single Viral Video A video purporting to expose extensive fraud at child care centers in Minnesota… The Top Movies of 2025, According to Times Readers: ‘Marty Supreme’ and More We asked you to vote on the best films of the year. The results ranged from big… Russian claims of Ukrainian attack on government sites 'unfounded', EU's top diplomat says It comes after Russia claimed Ukraine had attempted to launch a drone strike on… Israel to bar 37 aid groups as UK and EU warn of severe impact in Gaza Israel’s move is criticised by 10 countries, which say the new registration rule… Heavy police presence in Sydney for New Year's celebrations after Bondi attack Thousands of officers are deployed around Sydney Harbour and across the city, wi… Machu Picchu train crash leaves one dead and dozens injured A train driver died and at least 40 people were injured in the crash on the sing… Guinea junta chief wins presidential election by landslide The victory, which gives the junta leader a seven-year mandate, was widely expec… Huge crowds mourn Bangladesh's first female PM at state funeral A sea of mourners have gathered in Dhaka to pay final respects to Khaleda Zia, w… Eurostar services return to normal after major Channel Tunnel disruption The high-speed rail firm urged passengers to check before they travel as last-mi… Heated Rivalry author says TV success led to help with her Parkinson's Rachel Reid says the publicity from the hit TV adaptation led a Parkinson’s spec… Mali and Burkina Faso impose travel ban on US citizens in tit-for-tat move The two states say they are taking reciprocal measures after the US announced fu… Tatiana Schlossberg, granddaughter of John F Kennedy, dies aged 35 She shared her cancer diagnosis in an essay last month, writing that she had les… After 50 years at Santa Cruz Planned Parenthood clinic, nurse was laid off with 1 hour notice Gail Michaelis-Ow outside her Santa Cruz home. The nurse practitioner helped fou… Santa Cruz County immigration advocates call on attorney general to adopt child care safety plan A sign outside the County Office of Education on Encinal Street in Santa Cruz ad… Months after closure, leaders of Santa Cruz homeless services nonprofit unanimously quit The Mental Health Client Action Network clubhouse has been shuttered since Augus… Co-housing group seeks residents for 14-acre development near DeLaveaga park The 13.6-acre site of a potential co-housing development borders an existing nei… Santa Cruz County Sheriff eyes new mental health jail facility Santa Cruz County Sheriff Chris Clark discusses his first year heading the depar… Why PVUSD trustees voted to layoff 150 teachers and staff Brandon Diniz, Pajaro Valley Federation of Teachers president, speaks at a Pajar… Dozens of California agencies shared license plate data with feds, Santa Cruz records show A Flock security camera on the corner of Green Valley Road in Watsonville. These… Santa Cruz County veterans push for overhaul of local veterans services office Dave Ramos, left, and Robert “Hutch” Collier stand in front of photos of fellow… Townhomes proposed in Live Oak up for a vote by planning commission Developer KB Home has proposed 100 townhomes at 5940 Soquel Ave. in Live Oak. (K… Update: Santa Cruz transportation officials pivot toward temporary trail design Regional Transportation Commissioners narrowly approved an “interim trail” desig… The News: December 29, 2025 Rain, snow and more earthquakes leave their mark as families stow the holiday de… The American Revolution in Indian Country Ken Burns places Native Americans in the story of the nation’s birth. Prop 50: Paradox or Hypocrisy? Gerrymandering sucks for democracy. But this week, Californians are being called… The News: November 3, 2025 Daylight Savings Time hits hard, California voters participate in another electi… The Biggest Win? Voter Turnout. Nationwide, this election saw a dramatic surge at the polls. More Americans vote… The News: November 10, 2025 California celebrates Veterans Day; unpaid military families are going hungry; a… California Forever Inches Onward The plan to create a big, new green city on the California Delta in southeast So… A Small City Embraces a Big Future California Forever, the proposed green city on the Delta, may have found a home. The News: November 17, 2025 Communities celebrate their veterans, and the lives of two amazing individuals w… The News: November 24, 2025 In which we meditate upon our national holiday devoted to giving thanks, and the… US Measles Cases Surpass 2,000, Highest in 30 Years: CDC The U.S. has surpassed 2,000 measles cases for the first time in more than 30 ye… NYC Inauguration Bans Raspberry Pi, Flipper Zero Devices Longtime Slashdot reader ptorrone writes: The January 1, 2026, NYC mayoral inaug… Denmark's Main Postal Carrier Ends Letter Delivery PostNord is ending letter delivery in Denmark after a 90%+ collapse in mail volu… Israel Deploys World's First Drone Defense Laser Israel has operationally deployed Iron Beam, a 100,000-watt laser air-defense sy… Cheap Solar Is Transforming Lives and Economies Across Africa An anonymous reader quotes a report from the New York Times: South Africans …… 'Foreign Tech Workers Are Avoiding Travel To the US' In an opinion piece for Computerworld, columnist Steven Vaughan-Nichols argues t… First Gaming Handheld With a Folding Screen One-Netbook has unveiled the OneXSugar Wallet, the first gaming handheld with a… '2025 Was the Year of Creative Bankruptcy' PC Gamer argues that 2025 was a year full of high-profile AI embarrassments acro… India Overtakes Japan As 4th-Largest Economy An anonymous reader quotes a report from DW: India has surpassed Japan to become… Groq Investor Sounds Alarm On Data Centers Axios reports that venture capitalist Alex Davis is warning that a speculative r… The News: December 29, 2025 Rain, snow and more earthquakes leave their mark as families stow the holiday de… The American Revolution in Indian Country Ken Burns places Native Americans in the story of the nation’s birth. Prop 50: Paradox or Hypocrisy? Gerrymandering sucks for democracy. But this week, Californians are being called… The News: November 3, 2025 Daylight Savings Time hits hard, California voters participate in another electi… The Biggest Win? Voter Turnout. Nationwide, this election saw a dramatic surge at the polls. More Americans vote… The News: November 10, 2025 California celebrates Veterans Day; unpaid military families are going hungry; a… California Forever Inches Onward The plan to create a big, new green city on the California Delta in southeast So… A Small City Embraces a Big Future California Forever, the proposed green city on the Delta, may have found a home. The News: November 17, 2025 Communities celebrate their veterans, and the lives of two amazing individuals w… The News: November 24, 2025 In which we meditate upon our national holiday devoted to giving thanks, and the… Local Bratton Online City On a Hill Press FireDispatch.com Firescan.net Good Times Hilltromper Monterey Herald Press Banner Register-Pajaronian Salinas Californian Santa Cruz Comic News Santa Cruz Indy Media Santa Cruz Patch Santa Cruz Police Department Blog Santa Cruz Sentinel Santa Cruz Waves Santa Cruz Weekly World ABC News AlterNet Arts & Letters Daily BBC News Broadband Reports Common Dreams CNET CNN Democracy Now Digg ESPN Fox News LA Times London Times Mercury News NBC News Needful News New York Times NPR SciTech Daily SF Chronicle Slashdot The Independent The Onion The Register Urban Legends USA Today Washington Post Wired Yahoo News more news... less news... Back to top of news sources Weather SANTA CRUZ WEATHER HALF MOON BAY WEATHER Traffic Click or tap map for live traffic info More… Surf More Detailed Surf Conditions & Webcams for Steamer Lane-The Point at surf-forecast.com . More Detailed Surf Conditions & Webcams for Cowells Cove at surf-forecast.com . More Detailed Surf Conditions & Webcams for 41st Ave (The Hook - Shark Cove) at surf-forecast.com . More... About Cruzio Cruzio, established in 1989, connects businesses and residences around Santa Cruz County and parts of the Bay Area with multi-gigabit fiber internet, business-grade wireless internet, and other internet and web services. Our beautiful headquarters in downtown Santa Cruz serve as an IXP and data center, with colocation, flexible office space and coworking for startups and small businesses. More… Services Internet Broadband Labels Equal Access Internet Enterprise Colocation Dedicated Internet Access Coworking Office Space 24/7 Memberships 9-5 Memberships Day Pass Workstations Meetings at Cruzioworks Terms of Use Master Services Agreement Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Policy Internet Principles Access Agreement Transparency Document Member Tools Cruzio Mail Account Center Support Center Fusion Phone Tools Speed Test Domain Tools Network Status Cruzioworks Book a Meeting Room About Cruzio Newsletter Signup Newsletter Archive Blog Testimonials Join The Cruzio Team Santa Cruz Guide Cruzio Merch Weather Surf Traffic Wifi Hotspots Computer/Web Consultants Contact Us 877 Cedar St #150 Santa Cruz, CA 95060 (831) 459-6301 Email Us Cruzio serves Aptos, Aromas, Ben Lomond, Bonny Doon, Boulder Creek, Brookdale, Capitola, Corralitos, Davenport, Felton, Freedom, La Selva Beach, Lompico, Pajaro, Rio Del Mar, Santa Cruz, Scotts Valley, Seacliff, Soquel, Watsonville, & Zayante. Cruzio Internet 831-459-6301 Cruzio Internet Home Internet Coworking Office Space Workstations Day Pass 24/7 Memberships 9-5 Memberships Back Enterprise Colocation Dedicated Internet Access Back Member Tools Cruzio Mail Account Center Support Center Speed Test Domain Tools Network Status Cruzioworks Book a Meeting Room Back All Services Contact × Close Panel