Cryptobox | Cyber Solutions By Thales Skip to main content Bringing cybersecurity globally to critical and complex key activities Solutions Risk & Threat Evaluation Detect & Respond Integration Services Protect Train & Experiment All Sectors Production Systems Space Aerospace Cybersecurity Services and Solutions for Airlines: Protecting Data, Operations & Passenger Trust Cybersecurity in Airports: A Growing Need Transport Finance Automotive Defence Sovereignty Maritime Naval Health Education Retail Utilities All CyberInsights Cyberthreat Hit Map Cyber threat intelligence news Hot Topic : News & Resources About us About us Testimonials Career Contact Select your language EN FR ES PT Contact us Select your language EN FR ES PT Request a presentation Breadcrumb Home Ercom Cyber Solutions solutions ercom Cryptobox Features Our commitments Deployment & Administration Video Testimonials News Contact us Cryptobox The secure file-sharing  and collaboration solution Cryptobox is the ANSSI*-approved collaboration and file transfer solution with end-to-end encryption, available in any environment: Cloud, SecNumCloud 3.2, On Premise or Hybrid. Your documents can be securely accessed from your PC, smartphone or tablet. Share, collaborate and exchange end-to-end encrypted documents with colleagues or external partners! *renewal in progress Secure collaborative solutions: a major challenge for organisations In an era defined by increasingly mobile work (telecommuting, teams operating across multiple sites, outsourcing of specific tasks, etc.) and a surge in the frequency and sophistication of cyberattacks, it is crucial for businesses to use secure collaborative solutions. A collaborative solution like Cryptobox enables organisations to ensure the confidentiality of files exchanged, even outside their usual security perimeter. By using such a solution, organisations not only protect their sensitive information but also enhance the work experience for their internal teams and foster trust with their external partners. Cryptobox ensures that no sensitive document and/or collaborative task can leave the secure work environment, which is essential for preventing data leaks and/or intrusions that could jeopardize strategic projects or the company's reputation. As an ANSSI-approved Restricted Distribution solution, Cryptobox fulfills the most stringent security requirements. Data is encrypted from end to end, ensuring that it is only accessible to authorised recipients. This feature is particularly important for sensitive industries like defence, finance and public services. Cryptobox allows teams to work together effectively while ensuring their data remains protected, even during complex cross-border projects. Features and Security File sharing Secure workspace Collaborative Editing Extended Collaboration Multi-device Access management File sharing With Cryptobox, share your end-to-end encrypted documents with colleagues or external partners. Documents are sent only to selected recipients and transferred via a secure URL. You can define options for each transmission and entirely control them. Your IT team can define precise retention and sharing rules for all users. Secure workspace Create a secure workspace called “Workspace” and add guests or members with whom you wish to collaborate. You also have a secure “My Documents” folder for yourself, from which you can share files externally. Users can organise their work environment by adding tags and categorising their workspaces. Collaborative Editing The Collaborative Editing feature is available on Cryptobox and allows you to work with others in real time on the same document shared online, securely in a fluid and sovereign environment. This feature makes it easy to share, edit and annotate your files , while centralizing your projects in a common workspace. Ideal for simplifying project management and saving time. You can continue to use your usual tools thanks to compatibility with Microsoft® Office and OpenDocument Format (ODF) . Multiple users can access the document simultaneously, with real-time visibility of who is connected and their changes. The history feature allows you to keep track of different versions of files. Access rights management: You can also precisely define the workspaces and users authorised to use this online editing tool. Extended Collaboration « Extended Collaboration » Package The “ Extended Collaboration” Package allows you to benefit from guest licenses and deposit box feature to collaborate effectively with external partners or clients. Guest licenses: Users manage and set their own invitations. Guests will be able to create their account and access all the features with some usage restrictions. Deposit box: Generate and share a unique deposit box link to your recipient, who does not necessarily have an account, to allow him to upload documents in 1 click, securely, without limits, directly into the Cryptobox. Multi-device Cryptobox is available on multiple devices: iOS, Android, Windows and macOS applications, and web browsers. A synchronisation client is also available for Windows and macOS, so you can choose which workspaces to synchronise locally. Access management Each workspace owner chooses users authorised to access it, and defines their role (owner, member or reader). Apart from authorised users, no one else can access your data, not even the administrator or solution provider. It is also possible to restrict access to workspaces to trusted devices only. Download brochure Our commitments Total control Control your choice of architecture (Cloud, SecNumCloud 3.2, On premise or Hybrid) and hosting provider. We offer a flexible operating model: a turnkey service from ERCOM or the services is managed by your IT teams. Cryptobox resolves shadow IT by giving you control over your company's data Security and Privacy Set up strong two-factor authentication for the best possible security and privacy for each user. Your data is encrypted from end to end. We use zero-knowledge cryptography and the 'Two-man-rule' to access data and ensure maximum security. Cryptobox does not store your password, but you can still recover it with the help of a trusted third party – a patented solution. Trust Adopt a sovereign solution Cryptobox is used by the most demanding government bodies and major international corporations. Cryptobox is qualified by ANSSI for “Restricted Distribution” use (Common Criteria EAL3+ certification and Standard Qualification)*. *Renewal in progress Deployment & Administration Customized Integration SecNumCloud Management Console Customized Integration We offer customised integration to meet your specific needs. Whether it's an on-premise installation, SaaS use in the Cloud and SecNumCloud, or a hybrid approach, we adapt to your preferences and security challenges. Our aim is to provide a tailor-made solution that integrates seamlessly with your existing infrastructure, enabling you to benefit fully from our services. SecNumCloud SecNumCloud 3.2 Hosting Cryptobox is available on the sovereign, secure and qualified SecNumCloud 3.2 Cloud from 3DS OUTSCALE. Our file sharing and collaboration solution meets the security and sovereignty needs and obligations of public sector actors (public, parapublic organizations, Operators of Vital Importance (OIV) and Operators of Essential Services (OSE)) with a view to ensure the highest level of protection of their sensitive data. Management Console The administrator has access to a management console to set Cryptobox parameters and manage users and their devices. Settings can be applied to the entire platform, to a group of users or to a specific user. Contact us Video demonstration Discover Cryptobox, the ANSSI*-approved collaboration and file transfer solution with end-to-end encryption. Your data is not at risk of being hacked, as it is encrypted from your device to the storage, and your password is not stored on any server! *Renewal in progress Cryptobox: a reliable and tailored solution Adopting Cryptobox for your organisation signifies selecting a sovereign collaborative solution that is recognised and used by the most demanding institutions. Whether you are a large corporation or a government entity, Cryptobox grants you straightforward and efficient control over your data. 
Cryptobox and Ercom's other solutions are designed to integrate seamlessly into an existing infrastructure, whether cloud-based, on-premise or a hybrid environment. The organization's IT teams retain complete control over architecture and data management, allowing for agile deployment and administration of the solution.
By combining Cryptobox with other tools such as Citadel and Secure VPNs, organisations can build a comprehensive cybersecurity strategy. These tools deliver enhanced protection at all levels of the digital infrastructure, assuring the security and sovereignty of data and communications while empowering teams to collaborate harmoniously on their projects. Customer testimonials Assystem Due to the sensitive sectors in which Assystem operates, he emphasizes that there can be no compromise on security. Choosing a sovereign hosting solution therefore became an obvious choice to ensure the confidentiality and reliability of file transfers. Campus Cyber A tool that allows them to share sensitive information securely, so sovereignty quickly became important. We needed a tool that is end-to-end encrypted and also flexible. The last specific element needed is having a tool that allows our communities to share among themselves without the Cyber Campus having access to the information. There are very few tools on the market that offer this type of functionality. H2A “With Workspace, only authorized persons can access documents, which excludes the technical environment such as the IT department. This separation safeguards the independence of H2A's work (formerly H3C company).” Our news Ercom enhances its Cryptobox solution, thanks to Thinkfree's expertise Zero Trust: Why is this becoming critical against new cyber threats? On-premises vs. Cloud: Which solution can secure your sensitive data? Subscribe to our newsletter Don't miss any of our news by subscribing to our newsletter. Would you like a customized presentation? If you'd like to find out more, contact us now to arrange a personal meeting with our teams. Contact us Solutions Sectors CyberInsights About us Career contact Thales Alert System Legal Privacy Policy Sitemap Thales is a global technology leader with more than 81,000 employees on five continents. The Group is investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – Big Data, artificial intelligence, connectivity, cybersecurity and quantum technology – to build a future we can all trust. In the markets of defence and security, aerospace and space, digital identity and cybersecurity, Thales provides solutions, services and products to help its customers - companies, organisations and governments - to carry out their critical missions. All rights reserved © Thales 2024