Crystalinks Home Page ABOUT ELLIE'S BLOG EZINE DONATION BOOK ADVERTISE CONTACT DIRECTORY ARCHIVES Ellie's World Blogs HISTORY Ancient Civilizations Amazon Tribes Americas Australia China Dogon Easter Island Egypt Europe Greece India Japan Korea Mesoamerica Middle East Native Americans New Zealand Nubia Rome Mythical Civilizations Atlantis Lemuria Phantom Islands Ancient Astronauts Hollow Earth Agartha Creation Files Conspiracy Files Gods & Goddesses PHYSICAL SCIENCES Astronomy Simulation Theory Physical Sciences Planet Earth Climate SOCIAL SCIENCE Anthropology Body Enhancements Cannibalism Cosmology Mythology Ontology Philosophy Psychology Religion Scripts Sociology Superstitions Women METAPHYSICS Alchemy Aliens & UFOS Crystals Divination Emerald Tablets Mystery Schools Psychic Development The Other Side Unexplained HEALING Alternative Health-Research Meditation Psychology Relationships Self Awareness SACRED Artifacts & Teachings Sacred Places Pyramids & Mounds Wednesday December 31, 2025 December 31, 1943 Sir Ben Kingsley - Videos - Filmography I can't remember the last time I made New Year's resolutions. I just live life. More Birthdays and News Wherever you are, whatever you're doing, Happy Crystal New Year! The Time Capsule If you're someone who likes to write things down - how about creating a message to be placed in a time capsule of your choosing as we enter Earth Year 2026. [Remember none of us are from here - just temporarily partaking in an experiment.] You can date your message to be opened one year from today and on. Find a safe place to hide it on its journey into the future. Ideas will go through your mind until you find whatever messages you wish to convey on this day to your future self or whoever opens it.  Be creative. December 31, 2025 You and I made it through another year watching its dramas endlessly unfold.  Are you ready for the next round? Health is the one of the biggest concerns - especially now with flu season skyrocketing and millions of people about to lose health insurance. Is this the year secrets get revealed or change direction? One thing about life on planet Earth in 2026 ... it's not going to be boring. After the Clock Strikes 12 - America Begins Again ... and Again This year's Times Square ball will feature circular lights for the first time - called the Constellation Ball.  Pieces vary in size, with some up to four inches wide. This year's ball is the largest one ever weighing more than 12,000 pounds and is more than 12-feet wide. It is adorned with 5,280 Waterford crystals. America250 - US Semiquincentennial America250 will kick off the semiquincentennial year on New Year's Eve in Times Square - the most watched celebration on the planet - signaling the largest and most inspiring celebration and commemoration in our nation's history. The "ball" will drop twice to ring in 2026 - a "post-midnight moment" to mark America's 250th anniversary.  Shortly after the ball makes its 60-second descent to signal the start of the new year, it will be relit with an America250 design above the illuminated "2026" numerals and be dropped again at approximately 12:04 a.m. ET. In addition to the second ball drop, a new video titled "America Turns 250," a red, white, and blue confetti drop and a "dynamic pyro finale set" to the tune of Ray Charles' rendition of "America the Beautiful" is slated to occur. New Year's Eve: An Air of Intentions In the 1990's I wrote blogs having to do with healing and energy. New Year's blogs generally were about resolutions and ways to manifest a better more meaningful existence - intent vs programming. Today some people use rituals because that's what they've been taught ... or in their past a well-timed ritual manifested leading them to believe that all rituals will work.  It's always fun to dream and feel a sense of power in one's life, especially at certain times of the year which hold significance for a specific society. Every new year takes on an energy of its own. New Year's Eve 2026 here in New York City features something uplifting, positive, and fun.  Instead of throwing the normal confetti after 2026 is ushered in ... streaming down over approximately 1 million spectators will be small pieces of paper upon which people have written their goals and wishes for 2026.  There is also a Times Square Wishing Wall . This is going to be one of the more memorable New Year's celebrations in the city with a new Crystal Ball and Confetti Toss. Democracy, Destiny, and the Summer of 2026 The spiral of time is accelerating so quickly - it has become impossible to stand aside or ignore the closing chapters of reality - to which you are connected by sacred design - as they unfold before your eyes. We know the human brain is a computer that runs on binary code - images sent and received - consciously and subconsciously - the brain forever viewing an endless amount of streaming code that it processes or deletes - based on its DNA programming. There is something about 2026 that stirs my soul as if a turning point in reality and beyond - highlighted at its midway point on July 4th. It's going to be a very important year -  not just in the history of America - but in the human journey in the alchemy of time. It will be hard to celebrate the signing of the constitution on its 250th anniversary with the Trump administration determined to reshape the nation to suit its personal goals. Whether you follow the news or not, there is a growing understanding that the Trump administration is eroding the foundations of democracy, substituting it with a future vision that appears to ignore not just the Constitution itself, but the values, accountability, and collective responsibility it was designed to preserve. 2026 features the World Cup June 11 (Mexico) - July 19 (NY-NJ). This edition is a 39-day tournament jointly hosted across the United States, Mexico, and Canada featuring 48 teams and a record 104 matches. This window is part of America's July 4th celebrations. July 4 is not only synonymous with American Independence Day - it is not by accident that it has become entwined with the cultural mythology of UFOs (UAPs) and the ideas of extraterrestrial-human agendas ... summers filled with crop circles -  encoded subliminal messages algorithmically placed to awaken humanity. From the Roswell Incident July 1947 to decades of films, television, and documentaries that deliberately frame alien encounters around this date, Independence Day has evolved into a symbolic crossroads where national identity, secrecy, and life beyond Earth intersect. Physical Earth is after all an experimental playground - from the Human Experiment to the American Experiment connected by design to a larger holographic 'web'site with an infinite number of viewers. UFOs in the News Extraterrestrials and UFOs In 1952, DC's skies were littered with US fighter jets chasing UFOs. More than 70 years later, the mystery persists The 1952 UFO Washington sighting that upended decades of denial Depending on Who You Ask - and What You're Willing to Believe - Aliens Are Real. And They've Visited Vandenberg Space Force Base in Lompoc More Than Once Space in the News Astronomy Index New observations of a nearby red giant star suggest that a long-standing explanation for how giant stars spread life's essential elements through the galaxy may be incomplete Physics in the News Physics Richard Feynman gives a fun little lecture on Dec. 29, 1959 and dreams up an entirely new field of physics - nanotechnology. This Quantum Gas Refuses To Follow the Rules of Classical Physics A Laser and a Cloud of Atoms Recreate Quantum Electronics The quirkiest stories from the world of physics in 2025 Old physics, new materials: The science behind how winter jackets keep you warm Real-life experiment shows Niels Bohr was right in a theoretical debate with Einstein Chemistry in the News Chemistry Scientists Discover How Iron Minerals Secretly Lock Away Carbon for Centuries Technology in the News Artificial Intelligence Could data centers in space help avoid an AI energy crisis? Experts are torn. A new superconductor breaks rules physicists thought were fixed The Quantum Insider's Expert Predictions On Quantum Technology In 2026 Brain in the News Brain Index The brain has a hidden language and scientists just found it Intermittent Fasting Linked to Changes in Human Brain Activity Health in the News Health Files ~ Alternative Healing What scientists long believed were knots in DNA may actually be persistent twists formed during nanopore analysis, revealing an overlooked mechanism with major implications. CRISPR Breakthrough Could Rewrite Future of Genetic Disease Treatment This Experimental Cancer Drug Made Tumors Vanish, Without the Dangerous Side Effects DNA Study of 117-Year-Old Woman Reveals Clues to Long Life Blood of Exceptionally Long-Lived People Reveals Crucial Differences In a rare condition - a man to get 'scales' on his hands whenever he washed them Better sleep: The added perk of your New Year's goals The World Is Sleeping on Bird Flu, Expert Warns Cholesterol-lowering statins are highly effective, yet many patients abandon them due to lingering muscle symptoms that have long lacked a clear explanation. Planet Earth In the News Planet Earth Index A Greenland Glacier Is Cracking Open - and Scientists Are Watching It Drain in Real Time A reserve of natural gas bubbling from a cage of ice discovered on the ocean floor to the west of Greenland may be the deepest gas hydrate cold seep on record, and it happens to be teeming with animal life. Australia's Buried Treasure: Rare Rocks Reveal Origins of a Critical Metal Niobium a transition metal that plays a critical role in modern materials science due to its ability to significantly enhance the strength, toughness, and corrosion resistance of alloys. Regional temperature records broken across the world in 2025 What's inside Mexico's Popocatepetl? Scientists obtain first 3D images of the whole volcano Clouds are vital to life - but many are becoming wispy ghosts. Here's how to see the changes above us Archaeology in the News Archaeology Lchashen wagon: A 3,500-year-old covered wagon that transported a deceased chief to the next world Paleontology in the News Paleontology Index This 70-Million-Year-Old Dinosaur Egg Contained a Sparkling Crystal Reading with Ellie Text and Video Blogs Ellie's Archives WriteMyEssay.com is a professional service that can write an essay for you, delivering customized and original papers tailored to your academic needs. Can't seem to write my essay to get high grades Don't worry! Just delegate your assignments to the DoMyEssay pros. Visit CopyCrafter and receive professional homework assignment help. Jewelry for the Consciously Minded Land Rover Fairfield Visit Motoplex Fairfield Vespa, Piaggio, Moto Guzzi, Aprilia Ellie and the Verrazano Bridge Powerful Sacred Jewelry and Talismans David Weitzman's work harnesses the power of spiritual symbols and sacred geometry to bring those wearing them health, happiness, vitality, abundance, and above all - love.
David's Work is based on Sacred Geometry , Kabbalah , Astrology , Buddhism To learn more visit Ka Gold Jewelry Crystalinks is Created and Designed by Ellie Crystal © 1995 - 2026 - All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer: All images were originally found in either public domain, were created by readers of Crystalinks, or were created by the author and are protected under US copyright.  If you own rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear here, please contact us and they will be promptly removed.