College of Saint Benedict and Saint John's University Skip to content Toggle Search Form Request Info Visit Apply Give myCSBSJU Home Academics Back Programs Back Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Course Catalog Army ROTC School of Theology Academics Back Academic Advising Academic Catalog Study Abroad Integrations Curriculum Lecture Series Faculty Libraries Honors Scholars Student Records and Registration Services Back Career Services Academic Affairs Student Accessibility Services The Study Office of Undergraduate Research & Scholars Writing Center Admission & Aid Back Admission Back International Students Transfer Students Contact Admission Apply Cost & Financial Aid Back Financial Aid Tuition & Costs Scholarships Visit Us Back Aerial Tours Visit Opportunities Student Life Back Arts & Culture Bookstore Campus Experience Clubs & Orgs Faith & Spiritual Life Health & Wellness Housing & Dining Multicultural Student Services Student Development Athletics Back GoBennies.com GoJohnnies.com About Back Our Schools Back College of Saint Benedict Saint John’s University Quick Facts Why CSB+SJU Our Campuses CSB Accreditation SJU Accreditation Alumnae/i Values & Traditions Back Benedictine Identity, Values & Tradition Inclusive Excellence History, Archives & Collections Leadership Sustainability Explore Back Campus Calendar Centers of Excellence Contact Us Employment Opportunities Disagreeing Better Fine Arts Programming Giving Info Center Newsroom Request Info Visit Apply Give myCSBSJU Pause Video Make it Mean More Visit Us EXPLORE THE TRUE NORTH JOURNEY A Four-Year Journey with Purpose Your college experience at the College of Saint Benedict and Saint John’s University is more than classes – it’s a transformative four-year journey. From your first day on campus to graduation, you’ll grow through: Mentorship that lasts. Build relationships with faculty and peers who guide you every step of the way. Hands-on learning . Engage in real-world projects, research, and internships that prepare you for life after college. A vibrant community . Live and learn in an environment rooted in connection, tradition and support. Discover who you are, what you value, and where your life of meaning begins. This is your path to purpose. START YOUR JOURNEY Latest News December 19, 2025 A Year of Purpose, Possibility and Shared Direction 2025 at the College of Saint Benedict and Saint John’s University. December 17, 2025 Energy-making capacity at Saint John’s will get giant boost from new steam turbine generator (STG) The STG was installed on campus Tuesday (Dec. 16) and is expected to be operational in April. December 16, 2025 Heroux preparing CSB and SJU students for success in computer science field The assistant professor of computer science and the department’s scientist-in-residence has been a leading researcher in the computer science field, spending over 25 yeas as a senior scientist at Sandia National Laboratories and staying on the cutting edge of changes from the dawn of the internet explosion through the development and growth of AI. view all news FEEL THE DIFFERENCE Two Colleges. One Vision. Our two colleges work intentionally to create individual learning experiences that meet the goals of each student. This creates a supportive, welcoming, coeducational learning environment with opportunities to thrive. Highly Rated Liberal Arts Schools Our shared academic resources place us among the highest-rated liberal art schools in the country. Difference Worth Experiencing Every Bennie and Johnnie will take on impactful experiences outside the classroom. Internships, undergraduate research, study abroad… Faculty Dedicated to Your Success The large, highly educated faculty here work intentionally to set you up for success in and out of the classroom. Holistic Growth Nurture mind, body and spirit in our community-based model of inclusivity and shared Benedictine values. QUICK FACTS 70 + Areas of Study 37 Majors 100 % Receive Financial Aid 97 % Of Graduates Find Work Find Your Area of Study It all starts here! Explore undergraduate and graduate programs that support your interests and passions. View all Programs Undergraduate Students Bennies and Johnnies choose from more than 70 areas of study and 37 majors with our coeducational model that emphasizes connections between students and faculty. Graduate Degrees Saint Ben’s and Saint John’s offer graduate degree programs in nursing and theology for students who are ready to advance in their careers or fields of study. STUDENT LIFE There’s Something Unique Here Living on campus has been proven to provide a happier, healthier and more involved experience. People often say that it’s nearly impossible to fall through the cracks here at CSB+SJU! With our expansive campus (where else can you go fishing on campus?) and free transport, not to mention the expansive array of clubs, organizations and sports teams, there’s a lot for Bennies and Johnnies to enjoy. Explore Student Life MAJORS What’s Your Major? We envelop our students in a learning experience that’s second to none. Ready to pick your major? Great! Browse and search majors by clicking here. Find your Major We Are Bennies and Johnnies Alumni & Alumnae Current Students Parents & Families CONTACT US VISIT US Follow us: TikTok Facebook Instagram X/Twitter LinkedIn 37 South College Avenue St. Joseph, Minnesota 56374 320-363-5011 P.O. Box 2000, 2850 Abbey Plaza Collegeville, Minnesota 56321 320-363-2011 Resources & Services Bookstore Spirit Shop Careers Libraries Campus Maps CSB Security SJU Life Safety Services Info For Families Alumnae/i Giving Community & Engagement Saint John's Pottery Outdoor U CSB Events and Catering SJU Events and Conferences Privacy Accessibility Non-Discrimination Consumer Information Policies & Compliance Title IX © 2025 College of Saint Benedict and Saint John’s University