Market
Database
Loadout
Tools
expand_more
USD
EN
Sign in
Revolutionize Your CS2 Trading Experience with CSFloat
CSFloat provides the most advanced marketplace and trading tools that power millions of skin sales and index billions of skins. Buy and sell CS2 skins with unparalleled ease and security.
Marketplace
Database
Top Deals
Newest Items
Unique Items
Visit Marketplace
arrow_forward
Secure Peer-to-Peer Trades
Sellers directly send items to buyers on Steam and funds are released to the seller after CSFloat verifies the buyer's acceptance.
Lowest Fees in the Industry
Trade with an industry-leading 2% sale fee. Withdraws to bank or crypto attract dynamic fees based on your total sales volume ranging from 0.5% to 2.5%.
Fee Calculator
Sale Amount
$ 
Sale Volume
$10,000.00
Sales Fee
2%
$0.50
Withdraw Fee
1.5%
$0.38
Auctions
Bargains
Bargaining enables making offers on skins over $30, with sellers setting a minimum price and having the option to accept, counter, or decline.
No Trade Holds
Items are sent directly between users without using a bot, avoiding Steam's 7-day trade hold, and only items without a current trade hold can be listed.
Trusted by our Users
1B+
Indexed Skins
1M+
Users
$100M+
Sales
$20M+
Listed Skins
Reviews 5000+ • Excellent
Seamless Trading Journey
Experience a smooth, step-by-step process from selecting your skin to completing the transaction.
Select Your Desired Items
Browse and choose from one of the largest collections of CS2 skins.
Notification to Seller
Seller is alerted of your purchase and informed to send a trade offer.
Trade Offer Sent
Seller responds by sending you a trade offer on Steam™.
Confirm Your Trade
Review and accept the trade offer to proceed.
Verifying Transaction
Our system verifies the successful Steam™ trade.
Transaction Complete
Seller receives the proceeds post-verification.
Explore Over 1 Billion CS Skins
The Most Expansive Database in Counter-Strike
Delve into our expansive CSFloat database featuring over a billion unique skins. Discover rare finds, inspect their history, and stay updated with real-time movements - all in one place.
View Database
arrow_outward
Calculate exactly which items you'll get
Trade Up Calculator
arrow_outward
CSFloat Market Checker Extension
Auto Fill CSFloat Trade Offers
Enhance Steam Community Market
View Screenshots
Browser Extension
arrow_outward
Check detailed item statistics
Float Checker
Frequently Asked Questions
Can't find the answer here? Visit our Full Documentation.
View More Questions
arrow_forward
Sell Skins for Real Money?

Yep! Unlike other markets such as the Steam Community Market, you can withdraw any sales proceeds to your bank account, debit card, or crypto (where supported).

How Long Will It Take To Receive Purchased Items?

Once you purchase an item, the seller is notified and must "accept" the sale. If the seller hasn't accepted the sale after 30 minutes, you have the option of cancelling your purchase. If they do accept, they have up to 12 hours to send the item.

When you're browsing listings on the site, you can see the online status of the seller in the upper right of the item.

What If the Seller Doesn't Send the Item?

In the unlikely event the seller fails to deliver the item in time to you, the trade will be automatically refunded.

You can choose to either purchase a different item or ask support for a refund back to your payment method if applicable.

Sellers receive a warning and fine for failing to deliver a sale, which will ban their account after multiple failures.

How Long Does it Take to Receive Proceeds as a Seller?

Once you've traded the item to the buyer, it will take around 8 days to be credited on CSFloat -- this is due to the ability for Steam trades to be reversed during that time frame (see Trade Protected Items).

Afterwards, you can choose to buy other items on CSFloat Market or withdraw your proceeds. Depending on your withdraw method, it can take anywhere from 30 minutes for your debit card to a few business days for your bank account.

Products
Market
Database
App
Tools
Trade Up Calculator
Float Checker
Loadout Lab
Chrome Extension
Firefox Extension
Resources
FAQ
Support
Open Source
Blog
Affiliate
Company
Contact
© CSFloat Inc. 2025. Not affiliated with Valve Corp.
Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy