CSG - Customer Experience, Billing and Payments Solutions Solutions Close Our Solutions: Achieve your business goals with our comprehensive solution portfolio. View all solutions Customer Communications & Operations – Communicate with customers on their channel of choice. Network Solutions – Handle 5G data at scale. Billing, Revenue Management & Monetization – Go from a telco leader to a digital leader. Configure, Price, Quote – Spend less time hardcoding and more time closing. Customer Experience – Drive customer loyalty with every interaction. Payment & Merchant Services – Getting paid should always be the easy part. Wholesale & Partner Management – Streamline every part of the partner journey. The State of the Customer Experience Report 2026 In our annual report analyzing trends in customer experiences, we uncover how leading brands cut through the chaos to earn trust and drive growth. Read full report Back to top Close Platforms Close Our Platforms: Leverage industry-leading technology to solve your business problems. View all products CSG Ascendon – Cloud-native SaaS platform that gets you to market faster. CSG Forte – A scalable payments platform that streamlines the end-to-end payment journey. CSG ACP – Market-leading platform for broadband, cable, and satellite providers. CSG Encompass – Scalable revenue management for any business model. CSG Xponent – A real-time CX platform for personalized engagement. CSG Quote & Order – A market-leading CPQ solution designed for complex enterprises. Are you trying to guess your way to great CX? Discover how CSG Xponent Analytics transforms complex customer data into clear, actionable dashboards that empower your team to make confident decisions. See how Back to top Close Industries Close Our Industries: A wide variety of industries partner with CSG to succeed. View all industries Telecommunications – Connect customers to what they care about. Retail – Create the ultimate buying experience. Healthcare – Engage patients when it matters most. Insurance – Simplify insurance interactions every step of the way. Tolling & Smart Mobility – Improve revenue collection by turning anonymous drivers into customers. Financial Services – Be there for customers at every stage of their financial journeys. Government – Experiences that transcend citizens’ expectations. Utilities – Simplify utility management for both you and your customers. 2025 Gartner® Market Guide for CSP Revenue Management & Monetization Solutions Get expert insights into the CSP revenue management & monetization landscape and learn why Gartner has recognized CSG as a Representative Vendor. Read full report Back to top Close Why CSG Close Why Choose CSG: Partner with CSG to solve your biggest business challenges. Our Customers – We deliver real business outcomes. About CSG – Working hard to make your life easier. Partners – Together, we can help simplify our customers’ most complex problems. Industry Associations – Supporting great organizations globally. Working alongside industry innovators Our Leadership – Bringing decades of experience in monetization and customer engagement. Awards & Recognition – Celebrating our achievements and industry acclaim. Global Impact – Making a difference from the inside out. CSG’s Approach to AI Tired of AI as a buzzword? So are we. That’s why we built AI to solve real problems. Learn how we do it Back to top Close Careers Investors Resources Close Resources: Explore these resources to help guide your journey. View all resources Resource Center – All the resources you need to succeed. Customer Stories – See how we help our clients achieve greatness. Upcoming Events – Explore our upcoming events. News & Insights – Discover CSG blogs, media coverage and press releases. Trust Center – Learn more about CSG’s security, compliance, and privacy practices. Contact Us – Get in touch with us today. CSG Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™️ for Customer Journey Orchestration Discover expert insights into the CJO landscape and understand why CSG has been recognized as a Leader among the most influential platforms. Read full report Back to top Close Schedule a Demo Support Request a Demo Transforming Tomorrow: Innovative SaaS Solutions for a Smarter Future Ready to build the future? You’re about to connect customers and partners in brilliant new ways and grow with speed only possible using our award-winning customer engagement, digital commerce and payments solutions. Schedule a Demo CSG helps some of the world’s top brands solve their toughest business challenges Customer experience, commerce and payments have changed forever. With innovative technologies like agentic AI reshaping consumer expectations, it’s up to brands to deliver digital, engaging experiences that win over customers, no matter where they are in their customer journey. About CSG 2026 State of the Customer Experience Learn how intentional CX, thoughtful AI, and simplified experiences are helping brands earn trust and drive action in 2026. Get the report Achieve your business goals with our comprehensive solution portfolio CSG helps you improve experiences everywhere, from sales and sign-up to billing and retention. Click on each solution to learn more. Customer Communications & Operations Communicate with customers on their channel of choice. Learn more Customer Experience Drive customer loyalty with every interaction. Learn more Network Solutions Handle 5G data at scale. Learn more Payment & Merchant Services Getting paid should always be the easy part. Learn more Billing, Revenue Management, and Monetization Go from telco leader to a digital leader. Learn more Configure, Price, Quote Spend less time hardcoding and more time closing. Learn more Wholesale & Partner Management Streamline every part of the partner journey. Learn more Analysts agree: CSG sets the standard for industry leadership The Forrester Wave ™ : Customer Journey Orchestration Platforms, Q2 2024 CSG was named a Leader and has been recognized for collectively achieving the highest placement in strategy and vision. Get the report 2023 Gartner ® Magic Quadrant ™ ️ for Configure, Price and Quote Applications CSG was named a Leader and was recognized for “technology excellence and customer impact.” Get the report TSG Real Transaction Metrics Awards, 2025 Top Performing Gateways The Strawhecker Group (TSG) recognized CSG Forte for having the Best Gateway Uptime and Lowest Minute Gateway Outage (North America). Get the details Solutions designed with your industry in mind Whatever your biggest challenges are, CSG can help you solve them with solutions tailored to your industry. Click on each industry to learn more. Telecommunications Financial Services Healthcare Government Retail Tolling & Smart Mobility Insurance Utilities Introducing our flagship platforms CSG helps you improve experiences everywhere, from sales and sign-up to billing and retention—and we do it all through our engagement, billing and payments platforms. Effortless customer experiences, on the right channel, at the right moment. Your data makes it possible. CSG Xponent makes it happen. Learn more Expand your portfolio beyond connectivity services, generate new revenue streams and deliver effortless experiences. Learn more Give your customers endless reasons to stay by letting them build their own offers, pay on their terms and self-serve in a snap. Learn more Increase sales and satisfaction by selling next-gen services on America’s leading cable billing platform. Learn more Accepting online and mobile payments, processing ACH and other digital experience must-haves are easier with CSG Forte. Learn more Latest news and insights Insights Why Overwhelm Is Driving Major Customer Experience Trends of 2026 Insights Why the Quote-To-Cash Process Is Broken — And How CSPs Can Fix It Insights Understanding Surcharges vs. Convenience Fees: When and How to Use Them Is Your CPQ Helping Your Telco Business Profit? Generic configure, price, quote (CPQ) systems are under-delivering for CSPs with complex product catalogs that need speed and accuracy. Learn how the right system can actually be a growth driver for your telco business. Download the Buyer’s Guide Talk with one of our experts today Fill out the form below to schedule a meeting. +1 303.200.2000 [email protected] [email protected] 169 Inverness Dr W Suite 300 Englewood, CO 80112 Solutions Platforms Industries Why CSG Customers Investors Partners Awards Careers Resources Support Trust Center Your Privacy Choices Global Impact Terms of Use Privacy Back to top © 2025 CSG Systems, Inc. and/or its affiliates (“CSG”) , All Rights Reserved. CSG ® , Ascendon ® , CIT ® and Forte ® are registered trademarks of CSG Systems, Inc. All third-party trademarks, service marks, and/or product names which are referenced in this document are the property of their respective owners, and all rights therein are reserved.