Skip to main content
Skip to main menu
Skip to search
Skip to footer
Why is Christian Science in our name?
Topics
Regions
About us
Log in
Subscribe
In 2025, China proved its innovation prowess. But are some workers getting left behind?
Trump says Ukraine-Russia peace ‘closer than ever’ after talks with Zelenskyy
‘The best reporting assignment of my year.’ A journalist finds joy in Japan.
News Briefs
Top diplomats of China, Cambodia, and Thailand met. 

Foreign ministers convened to discuss the border dispute between Cambodia and Thailand. The trilateral meeting Monday was held in a southwestern Chinese province north of the region where the dispute still simmers. It came two days after Thailand and Cambodia signed a ceasefire agreement. Fighting had killed more than 100 people and forced hundreds of thousands of people to be evacuated on both sides of the border.

Associated Press - Dec. 29, 2025, 8:53 a.m. ET
Families of people killed at Bondi Beach demanded federal action. 

They are urging an investigation into rising antisemitism and security failures. Two gunmen killed 15 people and wounded 40 others at a Jewish festival on Sydney’s Bondi Beach December 14. In an open letter on Monday, 17 families called for a federal inquiry known as a royal commission to investigate antisemitism in Australia since the Israel-Hamas war began in 2023. Prime Minister Anthony Albanese has suggested instead an inquiry by a retired bureaucrat. The New South Wales state government has promised a royal commission.

Associated Press - Dec. 29, 2025, 8:51 a.m. ET
Guineans voted in their first election since a 2021 coup. 

The election Sunday featured a weakened opposition with a total of nine candidates. Analysts have predicted a likely win for junta leader Gen. Mamadi Doumbouya. The election in Guinea is the latest such vote among African countries that have seen a surge in coups in recent years. More than half of Guinea’s 15 million people are experiencing record levels of poverty and food insecurity despite its rich mineral resources.

Associated Press - Dec. 28, 2025, 8:41 p.m. ET
China said it would stage new military drills around Taiwan. 

It says it aims to warn against what it called separatist and “external interference” forces. Beijing had expressed anger at a statement by Japan’s prime minister, Sanae Takaichi, that Japan’s military could get involved if China were to take action against Taiwan. But the Chinese military did not mention Japan in its statement.

Associated Press - Dec. 28, 2025, 8:33 p.m. ET
Read more briefs
Across the Middle East, a focus on home, healing, and restored hope
With ‘blockade’ against tankers, Trump escalates Venezuela standoff
Ukrainians discouraged by corruption, yet encouraged there’s a solution
English voters scatter from the center, strengthening extremes
Near Ukraine’s front line, aquarium offers refuge for kids and soldiers alike
How the Lumbee Tribe earned federal recognition after a decadeslong effort
Their husbands left for Europe. These Senegalese women are picking up the pieces.
Deepen your worldview
with Monitor Highlights.
Your email address 
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy.

Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads.

MORE HEADLINES
Why Latin America’s authoritarian leaders lean into Christmas
Discovering God in Hamas tunnels, hostages led a national trend
Foiled LA terror plot highlights ‘mishmash’ of beliefs that can fuel violence
The next step was citizenship. Then these immigrants were pulled out of line.
In Lebanon, Hezbollah’s true believers are battered, yes, but unbowed
With Russia looming, Europe tries to beef up its youth military service
PERSPECTIVES
The eternal gift of Christmas
Joy to the world! Concocting Christmas cheer, over the years.
For Ukraine and Taiwan, dissuasion in strength
The gift of no big gift: The year I thought Christmas would be ruined
Germany’s defense of European values
A CHRISTIAN SCIENCE PERSPECTIVE
Spiritual education and progress
ARTS AND CULTURE
In a war-weary English town, singing together inspires hope
Rob Reiner directed great comedies. He was also a voice for social justice.
Holiday traditions that glow with meaning
The history of snowmen isn’t all ‘jolly happy.’ Here are the Frosty facts.
MOVIE REVIEW
Another furry-eight hours: ‘Zootopia 2’ is a delight for kids and parents
BOOK REVIEW
Civil servant or fascist spy? Hunting for the truth about her Albanian grandmother.
READERS' PICKS
Across the Middle East, a focus on home, healing, and restored hope
‘The best reporting assignment of my year.’ A journalist finds joy in Japan.
Ukrainians discouraged by corruption, yet encouraged there’s a solution
With ‘blockade’ against tankers, Trump escalates Venezuela standoff
Their husbands left for Europe. These Senegalese women are picking up the pieces.
The next step was citizenship. Then these immigrants were pulled out of line.
English voters scatter from the center, strengthening extremes
SPECIAL PROJECTS
SPECIAL PROJECT
Rebuilding trust

Can trust bring connection and hope to help us find common ground in a divided world? Without trust, suspicion begets friction, division, and immobility. Today, too many realms are seeing trust deficits grow: between citizens, across racial lines, in government. This special project explores through global news stories how polarized parties are navigating times of mistrust and how we can learn to build trust in each other.

SPECIAL SERIES
The Climate Generation: Born into crisis, building solutions

Climate change is shaping a mindset revolution—powerfully driving innovation and progress. And young people are leading the transformation. This special series focuses on the roles of those born since 1989, when recognition of children's rights and the spike of global temperatures began to intersect. The stories include vivid Monitor photography, and are written from Indigenous Northern Canada, Bangladesh, Namibia, Barbados, and the United States.

TWO WAYS TO SUBSCRIBE

Monitor Daily

Digital $11/mo

Subscription benefits include:

Unlimited Access to CSMonitor.com and the Monitor Daily web version.
The Monitor Daily email.
No advertising.
No risk. You may cancel anytime.
Or

About the Monitor Daily.

Monitor Weekly + Daily

Print + Digital $15 /mo

Subscription benefits include:

All Daily digital benefits.

Plus:

The Weekly print news magazine delivered to your home.
BEST DEAL!

About the Monitor.

Subscribe

Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads.

Deepen your worldview
with Monitor Highlights.
Your email address
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy.

Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads.

ISSN 2573-3850 (online)
Follow us:
About
Contact Us
Subscribe
Give a Gift Subscription
Support Monitor Journalism
Free Newsletters
Careers
Social Media
Content Map
Text Edition
RSS
Reprints & Permissions
A Christian Science Perspective
© 1980–2025 The Christian Science Monitor.
All Rights Reserved. Terms.
Privacy Policy.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies