Christian Science Monitor - CSMonitor.com Skip to main content Skip to main menu Skip to search Skip to footer Why is Christian Science in our name? Why is Christian Science in our name? Our name is about honesty. The Monitor is owned by The First Church of Christ, Scientist, and we’ve always been transparent about that. The church publishes the Monitor because it sees good journalism as vital to progress in the world. Since 1908, we’ve aimed “to injure no man, but to bless all mankind,” as our founder, Mary Baker Eddy, put it. Here, you’ll find award-winning journalism not driven by commercial influences – a news organization that takes seriously its mission to uplift the world by seeking solutions and finding reasons for credible hope. Explore values journalism About us Log in Log out Shared content is always free to recipients. Copy link Copied! Share this story Copy Link Link copied Topics Regions About us Log in Account Subscribe Give a gift Shared content is always free to recipients. Copy link Copied! Share this story Copy Link Link copied Search Subscribe: $11/Month Log in About us Free newsletters One month free trial to the Monitor Daily Give a gift Log out Manage your account Subscription FAQs Contact Customer Service Current Issues Monitor Daily Monitor Weekly digital edition Values Behind the News A deeper view that unites instead of divides, connecting why the story matters to you. Explore News & Values About us Free newsletters Follow us: News Economy Education Environment Foreign Policy Immigration Law & Courts Politics Science Security Society Culture Arts Faith & Religion Food In a Word Movies Monitor Movie Guide Music Television The Home Forum All Culture Books Author Q&As Book Reviews Reader Recommendations All Books Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond A Christian Science Perspective From the Editors All Commentary More News Briefs Points of Progress People Making a Difference Our Best Photos The World in Pictures Podcasts Monitor Breakfast News & Values Monitor Daily December 31, 2025 The sometimes disorienting year of AI Happy Wednesday. Yesterday, we heard from Washington . Today, Stephen Humphries, who watches the culture on many fronts for the Monitor, goes deep on what AI meant across his beat – and in his life – during 2025. There will be no Daily tomorrow, as we pause for New Year’s Day. On Friday, look for a fan favorite that’s built on some staff favorites. Monitor photographers review the year in images and hold up a handful that really stood out to them. Happy New Year. Thank you for being part of the Monitor family. A reminder that you can find news briefs and more stories – including one today on the start of New York City’s Zohran Mamdani era tomorrow – over on our homepage . – Editors Listen to or read today's issue Regions Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East South & Central Asia USA All World Recent stories Mamdani’s rise reflected in Muslim neighborhood that was targeted after 9/11 My year covering the historic start of Trump 2.0 In 2025, China proved its innovation prowess. But are some workers getting left behind? Featured Coverage The Christian Science Monitor's coverage of the war between Hamas and Israel, and related articles. Connect with the stories War in the Middle East Free newsletters One month free trial to the Monitor Daily The Christian Science Monitor The Christian Science Monitor is an international news organization offering calm, thoughtful, award-winning coverage for independent thinkers. We tackle difficult conversations and divisive issues–we don’t shy away from hard problems. But you’ll find in each Monitor news story qualities that can lead to solutions and unite us–qualities such as respect, resilience, hope, and fairness. About us Search Log out Manage your account Change password Subscription FAQs Contact Customer Service Current Issues Monitor Daily Monitor Weekly digital edition Is AI art an oxymoron? From Tilly Norwood to Breaking Rust, 2025 showed hints of future. Mamdani’s rise reflected in Muslim neighborhood that was targeted after 9/11 Full hearts, fresh starts: Five writers share their New Year’s traditions News Briefs The Trump administration said that it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota. It is also demanding an audit of some day care centers after a series of “blatant” fraud schemes involving government programs in recent years, including a $300 million scheme for which 57 defendants in the state were convicted. Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz says the state has spent years cracking down on fraudsters but that President Trump is “politicizing the issue to defund programs that help Minnesotans.” Associated Press - Dec. 31, 2025, 8:09 a.m. ET The U.S. struck a site on Venezuela’s coast. President Donald Trump has indicated that the U.S. has “hit” a dock facility along a shore as he wages a pressure campaign on Venezuela. But the U.S. offered few details. When questioned Monday by reporters about “an explosion in Venezuela,” the president said the U.S. struck a facility where boats accused of carrying drugs “load up.” Trump declined to say if the military or CIA was involved. The White House and Venezuela’s government did not immediately respond to a request for more details or comment. Associated Press - Dec. 30, 2025, 12:45 p.m. ET European leaders were set to hold talks on Ukraine. This comes amid tensions over Russian claims, denied by Kyiv, of a Ukrainian drone attack on a residence used by President Vladimir Putin. The virtual meeting was expected to gather leaders who attended talks in Berlin earlier this month, although it was not clear who would be taking part. It follows talks between U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday. Associated Press - Dec. 30, 2025, 6:57 a.m. ET Saudi Arabia bombed Yemen’s port city of Mukalla. The Tuesday strike targeted a shipment of weapons from the United Arab Emirates for separatist forces, a significant move in a country located along a key international trade route that threatens to bring new risks to the Persian Gulf region. Yemen has been in a state of civil war for more than a decade, involving regional powers such as Saudi Arabia and the UAE. The recent escalation highlights strained ties between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi, who have backed competing sides in Yemen’s war. Associated Press - Dec. 30, 2025, 6:39 a.m. ET Read more briefs My year covering the historic start of Trump 2.0 In 2025, China proved its innovation prowess. But are some workers getting left behind? ‘The best reporting assignment of my year.’ A journalist finds joy in Japan. Across the Middle East, a focus on home, healing, and restored hope English voters scatter from the center, strengthening extremes Near Ukraine’s front line, aquarium offers refuge for kids and soldiers alike Their husbands left for Europe. These Senegalese women are picking up the pieces. Deepen your worldview with Monitor Highlights. Your email address By signing up, you agree to our Privacy
						Policy . Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads . More Headlines With ‘blockade’ against tankers, Trump escalates Venezuela standoff Ukrainians discouraged by corruption, yet encouraged there’s a solution How the Lumbee Tribe earned federal recognition after a decadeslong effort Why Latin America’s authoritarian leaders lean into Christmas Discovering God in Hamas tunnels, hostages led a national trend Foiled LA terror plot highlights ‘mishmash’ of beliefs that can fuel violence Perspectives The eternal gift of Christmas Joy to the world! Concocting Christmas cheer, over the years. For Ukraine and Taiwan, dissuasion in strength The gift of no big gift: The year I thought Christmas would be ruined Germany’s defense of European values A Christian Science Perspective Newness promised, every day Arts and Culture In a war-weary English town, singing together inspires hope Rob Reiner directed great comedies. He was also a voice for social justice. Holiday traditions that glow with meaning The history of snowmen isn’t all ‘jolly happy.’ Here are the Frosty facts. Movie Review Another furry-eight hours: ‘Zootopia 2’ is a delight for kids and parents Book Review Civil servant or fascist spy? Hunting for the truth about her Albanian grandmother. Readers' Picks Across the Middle East, a focus on home, healing, and restored hope My year covering the historic start of Trump 2.0 ‘The best reporting assignment of my year.’ A journalist finds joy in Japan. In 2025, China proved its innovation prowess. But are some workers getting left behind? Their husbands left for Europe. These Senegalese women are picking up the pieces. Ukrainians discouraged by corruption, yet encouraged there’s a solution John Kerry urges Iraq to inspect Iranian overflights to Syria Special Projects Special Project Rebuilding trust Can trust bring connection and hope to help us find common ground in a divided world? Without trust, suspicion begets friction, division, and immobility. Today, too many realms are seeing trust deficits grow: between citizens, across racial lines, in government. This special project explores through global news stories how polarized parties are navigating times of mistrust and how we can learn to build trust in each other. Special Series The Climate Generation: Born into crisis, building solutions Climate change is shaping a mindset revolution—powerfully driving innovation and progress. And young people are leading the transformation. This special series focuses on the roles of those born since 1989, when recognition of children's rights and the spike of global temperatures began to intersect. The stories include vivid Monitor photography, and are written from Indigenous Northern Canada, Bangladesh, Namibia, Barbados, and the United States. Two ways to subscribe Monitor Daily Digital $11 /mo Subscription benefits include: Unlimited Access to CSMonitor.com and the Monitor Daily web version. The Monitor Daily email. No advertising. No risk. You may cancel anytime. Or About the Monitor Daily. Monitor Weekly + Daily Print + Digital $15 /mo Subscription benefits include: All Daily digital benefits. Plus: The Weekly print news magazine delivered to your home. BEST DEAL! About the Monitor. Subscribe Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads . Deepen your worldview with Monitor Highlights. Your email address By signing up, you agree to our Privacy
						Policy . Already a subscriber? Log in to hide ads . ISSN 2573-3850 (online) Follow us: About Contact Us Subscribe Give a Gift Subscription Support Monitor Journalism Free Newsletters Careers Social Media Content Map Text Edition RSS Reprints & Permissions A Christian Science Perspective © 1980–2025 The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms. Privacy Policy.