 Csper
Pricing
Products 
Blog
Docs
Login
Start Free Trial
Secure Content Security Policy

The most advance set of Content Security Policy tools. Built for engineers who care deeply about user security.

Start Free Trial Pricing

Why Use Csper?

Csper makes deploying and monitoring Content Security Policy a breeze. With automated tools and actionable insights, you'll be protecting your users in no time.

Policy Generator

Generate a Content Security Policy in minutes with our browser extensions, then view the results on Csper.

 View on Chrome Extension Store View on Firefox Addon Store

Content Security Policy (CSP) Generator Browser Extension.

Features

Advance features to help you deploy and monitor CSP in minutes.

Report Grouping

Similar reports are automatically grouped together — no more sifting through thousands or millions of individual violation reports.

Report Classifier

The report classifier allows you to filter out the reports that don't matter, such as extensions and bots.

Realtime

View your reports as they are happening. Sub-second realtime events allow you to act faster.

Alerts

Get alerted on suspicious violation reports or when there's a spike of reports.

Policy Evaluator

Get security recommendations and insights on your policies to stay up to date with the latest best practices.

Automatic Policy Generator

Csper automatically generates secure policies based on previously seen reports.

Scan a website for CSP

Csper will check if the website has Content Security Policy enabled.

Scan website
What is Content Security Policy?

Content Security Policy (CSP) is a security feature built into all the major web browsers that helps website owners keep their users safe from attacks such as Cross Site Scripting.

Historical it's been difficult to setup and use Content-Security-Policy correctly[1]. But now with Csper it's easier than ever.

Top Articles

Not sure what Content Security Policy is? Read the articles on best practices

An Introduction To Content Security Policy

This article is a very introductory background to Content Security Policy, it is intended for individuals who have some technical experience, but have never dug into content security policy.

Getting Started with Content Security Policy using NodeJS/Express and Csper

This guide covers building and installing content security policy (CSP) on a nodejs express server. This guide covers content security policy, generating a content security policy, report-uri, inline scripts, and deployment.

Other Security Features of Content Security Policy

Other security features of content security policy including upgrade-insecure-requests, block-all-mixed-content, frame-ancestors, sandbox, form-actions, and more.

Find out why over 30,000 websites are using Csper

Start Free TrialView pricing

Csper LLC 2019-2025

Making security easy by data driven insights

Made with ♥ in NYC, along with dmarcdefender.io

Company

Pricing
About Us
Privacy
Terms


Products

Report Collector
Policy Generator
Policy Evaluator

Resources

Docs
Blog
FAQs
Badges


Contact

Contact
Demo
@csper_io
