Home - Charles Sturt University Skip to main content Library Jobs Giving Alumni Staff Current Students Student Portal Current students website Brightspace Apply Search Now searching for: Charles Sturt Home Close menu Current students Current student site Student Portal Brightspace Global links Library Jobs Giving Alumni Staff Home What's your New Year's resolution? Study with us and make 2026 the year of you! Apps closing soon Find your course Domestic International Please enter a longer search query. Key dates Early offer Scholarships Accommodation Feel the winds of change? Check out how to pivot your career Australia's first carbon neutral University Our rankings We're #1 in Australia for grads who get jobs* Check out our course rankings We're Australia’s most experienced online university Our rankings Three steps to a brand new you Visualise. Plan. Action! Find out how. Study with us The world is changing - so can you. Find your purpose. Choose your course. Together, we can create a world worth living in. School leavers Undergraduate Postgraduate Online View more Our campuses Our NSW campuses are located in some of Australia's fastest growing regional cities. View our campuses International student scholarships Our scholarships offer up to a 50% reduction in tuition fees. Learn more Latest news and research Holding children ─ and each other ─ in the wake of violence and hatred Following the recent deadly attack on a Jewish community celebration of Hanukkah at Bondi Beach on Sunday 14 December, a Charles Sturt University academic draws on research about responding to mass violence to share healing insights. NEWS / 17 Dec 2025 Charles Sturt celebrates milestones and leadership news Charles Sturt is acknowledging its 2025 milestones and looking ahead to 2026 as the University Council announces re-elections and new appointments. NEWS / 19 Dec 2025 The under-16s social media ban; the biggest risks emerge when people turn to untrusted services A Charles Sturt University computer networks expert warns that with the recent social media bans for under-16s in Australia, the biggest risks emerge when people turn to untrusted services, believing they provide privacy. NEWS / 12 Dec 2025 View all news When you study with Charles Sturt you're a part of the family We’ve got networks of First Nations students, staff and alumni dedicated to supporting entry and successful study for First Nations students. Find out more about First Nations Saved courses Live chat Apply now Get in touch × Please confirm your details to start the chat: First Name * Last Name Email * Start Chat Close Saved Courses + Add Course + Add Course + Add Course + Add Course Compare Charles Sturt University Home Contact us Ask Charles Sturt (FAQ's) Submit a question online Contact us 'Yindyamarra winhanganha' The wisdom of respectfully knowing how to live well in a world worth living in We pay our respect to all First Nations elders both past and present from the lands where Charles Sturt University students reside. In particular, we acknowledge the Wiradjuri, Ngunawal, Gundungurra and Birpai peoples of Australia, who are the traditional custodians of the land where Charles Sturt University campuses are located. Stay connected Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram LinkedIn Enquiries Contact us © 2025 Charles Sturt University - TEQSA Provider Identification: PRV12018 (Australian University). CRICOS Provider: 00005F. Registration and Regulatory Status Disclaimer & Copyright Accessibility Privacy