Cleveland State University Home | Cleveland State University Skip to main content Main navigation About CSU At a Glance Concerned Vikes Free Speech at CSU President's Office Admissions Undergraduate Graduate International Law Online CampusNet Financial Aid and Scholarships Tuition and Fees Pre-College Programs Academics Academic Calendar Colleges Majors Blackboard Login Workforce Development Athletics Give Research Office of Research Sponsored Programs and Research Services Technology Transfer Faculty Expertise Database Library Research Centers Search this site Search About CSU At a Glance Concerned Vikes Free Speech at CSU President's Office Admissions Undergraduate Graduate International Law Online CampusNet Financial Aid and Scholarships Tuition and Fees Pre-College Programs Academics Academic Calendar Colleges Majors Blackboard Login Workforce Development Athletics Give Research Office of Research Sponsored Programs and Research Services Technology Transfer Faculty Expertise Database Library Research Centers A-Z Index Alumni Career Services Disability Resources Military and Veterans Parking Recreation Services Residence Life Viking Outfitters CSU Winter Break CSU will be closed for Winter Break Dec. 24, 2025 through Jan. 4, 2026, including the Michael Schwartz Library and the Law Library. Please check here for information on areas that remain open. pause play_arrow we are CSU Applications open for Fall 2026 Visit Apply Now Request Information What will you study? With over 175 career-building programs available, we make
                achieving your goals more accessible. Search our wide range of programs below to find the bachelor’s or
                master’s degree, certificate, minor or accelerated program that best fits your needs. Degree Level Degree Level Bachelor's Bachelor's/Accelerated Master's Certificate Doctorate Endorsement JD Joint Degree Licensure Master's Minors, All Non-Degree Specialist Area of Interest Area of Interest Arts Mathematics Natural Sciences Business Communication Culture and Languages Education Engineering & Computer Science Health & Medicine Humanities Law Social Science Urban Affairs Program Format Format On Campus Online Search Reset Filter Health Sciences, BS Health Sciences, BS Format: On Campus Prepare for an administrative or clinical role in healthcare organizations through advanced study in medical, dental and therapy healthcare. Learn to analyze health-related research, conduct your own research, and assess and implement programs to create behavior change. Visit program page Request Info Psychology, BA Psychology, BA Format: On Campus Prepare to excel in the areas of business or social services, or gain the foundational knowledge to continue your studies in a graduate program to become a college professor or clinical psychologist. Learn to apply a broad range of psychological concepts that describe and explain the thoughts, emotions and behaviors of humans and animals, apply basic statistical concepts, create psychological research designs and evaluate psychological research. Visit program page Request Info Nursing, BSN Nursing, BSN Format: On Campus Become a competent and compassionate nurse and leader in healthcare. Dive into a challenging and rigorous curriculum that integrates theory and practice to prepare you to deliver high-quality care across diverse patient populations and settings. Upon completion of the program, you will be well-prepared to sit for the National Council Licensure Examination for Registered Nurses (NCLEX-RN) and pursue a variety of nursing career paths, from clinical practice to research, education and healthcare administration. Visit program page Request Info Education, M.Ed. Education, M.Ed. Format: On Campus Gain a strong foundation in educational theories, policies and practices, with emphasis on urban education issues and addressing equity disparities. Select from a wide range of specializations, including principal licensure, counseling, special education, early childhood education and more. The program also offers flexible completion requirements, including capstone projects or theses. Visit program page Request Info Information Systems, MIS Information Systems, MIS Format: On Campus Discover a blended education in technology and management. Through specializations such as information security, IT management and business analytics, you can participate in faculty research projects and opt to conduct a formal research project for your master's thesis. Prepare for diverse career paths, including roles in information system management, database development, network management and information security. Visit program page Request Info View Next 5 Programs (352 more available) Latest Headlines [Video] Congratulations, Class of 2025! Catch up on the excitement of Commencement by watching the highlights [Video] Verizon, Cleveland State University Team Up to Launch New Community Forward Learning Center As the year winds down, we’re looking back at some of the best stories of 2025 Happy Holidays from CSU! CSU will be closed for Winter Break Dec. 24, 2025–Jan. 4, 2026, but some areas will remain open with limited hours CSU Alum Plays a Major Role in KeyBank’s 200 Year Celebration As the year winds down, we’re looking back at some of the best stories of 2025 The Pratt Center at Cleveland State University Opens Doors and Transforms Futures The Center’s support helped Valedictorian Mary Hansard thrive at CSU View More News Colleges Arts and Sciences Learn More arrow_right_alt Business Learn More arrow_right_alt Engineering Learn More arrow_right_alt Graduate College Learn more arrow_right_alt Health Learn More arrow_right_alt Honors Learn More arrow_right_alt Law Learn More arrow_right_alt Public Affairs and Education Learn More arrow_right_alt Find the flexible, online courses that fit your goals. Online Undergraduate and Graduate Programs Learn More arrow_right_alt Take Action Visit Apply Now Request Information 2121 Euclid Avenue Cleveland, Ohio 44115 (216) 687-2000 We are CSU Campus E-mail Campus Map Directory Employment Events (Vikes Connect) Free Speech at CSU Student resources MYCSU Care Management Dining Services Report a concern Residence Life Student Advising ©2025 Cleveland State University Web Privacy Statement Non-Discrimination Statement Tobacco Free Accessibility