Restaurant Management Software | Restaurant365 This site uses cookies for analytics and to improve your experience. By clicking Accept, you consent to our use of cookies. Learn more in our privacy policy . Accept Cookies Close Skip to content Cut Food Costs by 5%—See How BRG Hospitality Did It with Real-Time Insights Careers Support Partner Login Careers Support Partner Login Products Close Products Open Products ACCOUNTING AP Automation Banking Fixed Asset Management Budgeting and Forecasting Financial Reporting Bookkeeping Third Party Dispute Resolution INVENTORY & PURCHASING Inventory Management Recipes Prep Purchasing and Receiving Cash Management Commissary BI and Reporting Workforce Management Scheduling Sales Forecasting Employee Training Task Management Logbook & Chat Tip Automation Payroll & HR Hiring Onboarding HR Payroll Who We Serve Close Who We Serve Open Who We Serve Business Type Small Business Franchise Brands Multi-Location Groups Accounting Firms Restaurant Style QSR Casual Dining Fast Casual Fine Dining Coffee Shops Pizza Learn How Industry Leaders Succeed With R365 Dive into how Sbarro's, Freddy's Frozen Custard, Black Bear Diner, and Blaze Pizza optimize food and labor costs, keep accounting teams lean, and power strategic decisions making. Why R365 Close Why R365 Open Why R365 Why R365? Restaurant365 brings together accounting, operations, scheduling, and more in a flexible platform—empowering restaurants to choose the solutions they need and scale with confidence. Increase Profits Save on Labor Reduce Food Costs Partner Ecosystem Case Studies Pricing Resources Close Resources Open Resources Resource Center Growing menu of restaurant news. Blog Case Studies Guides Calculators Webinars Videos Events Press Support Center Get the knowledge to help your restaurant thrive. Restaurant365’s 2026 State of the Restaurant Industry Get a Free Demo Log In Get a Demo Accounting Inventory Scheduling Payroll Mobile #1 Rated Restaurant Management Software Food & Labor Costs Too High? Find and Fix What Matters with AI Trusted by 52345 restaurants for smarter Accounting , Inventory , and Scheduling SEE IT IN ACTION All-in-one Restaurant Management Software Run More Profitable Restaurants, Finally AI takes on routine back-office work across accounting, inventory, your workforce, and payroll so you can focus on guests and bigger profits. Connect your POS, banks, and vendors to keep information flowing and decisions simple. Choose Restaurant365 and Make More Money R365 AI cuts the manual work out of accounting, inventory, and payroll so you can focus on guests, profit, and growth. Cut Accounting Time by 50% With AI-managed invoices that let you focus on profits. Reduce Labor Cost by up to 5% With AI scheduling that automatically aligns sales and staffing. Boost Net Profit up to 2% With AI-generated P&Ls and reporting to stop losses before they start. Accounting Inventory Scheduling Payroll Mobile restaurant Accounting Software AI Powers Smarter Accounting & Cost Control Process your financial data with AI to give your team faster insights, better visibility into spending, and a direct path to improved margins. Learn More Restaurant Inventory Software Track Every Single Ingredient with AI Keep your margins growing with AI that automatically analyzes purchase and invoice data to find discrepancies, cost spikes, and waste. Learn More restaurant scheduling software AI Schedules that Make You More Money Easily create efficient schedules using sales patterns, seasonal adjustments, and labor rules to align staffing with demand, improving margins, and guest experiences. Learn More Restaurant Payroll Software AI Supports Flawless Payroll Runs, So Errors Never Happen Payroll automatically pulls hours, tips, and compliance details, keeping payroll accurate, timely, and perfectly aligned with the books. Learn More Mobile Real-Time Visibility, Control & Collaboration With the R365 Mobile App, restaurant leaders can communicate with their teams in English and Spanish while tracking and managing sales, labor, and inventory wherever they are. Learn More The ability to manage all operating metrics, like the prime costs of food and labor, will make it easier for us to provide benchmarking and support to our franchisees. They can see immediately how their results compare to other franchisees and the company performance. Brian Daniels, CFO Sbarro Read Case Study Partnerships That Actually Create Profits Restaurant365 works with the industry’s leading vendors, POS, and technology providers to centralize your cost data, while accounting firms and bookkeepers offer growth insights without added overhead. View Our Partners Check Out Our Thought-Provoking Resources View All Restaurant365’s 2026 State of the Restaurant Industry Learn More The 2026 State of the Restaurant Industry Report Learn More How Black Rock Coffee Builds Culture, Consistency, with 26,000 Pounds of Beans a Week Learn More Schedule a Free Demo See why more than 52,000 restaurants use Restaurant365 to increase sales, control food costs, and optimize labor. SEE IT IN ACTION Offices 500 Technology Drive, Suite 200 Irvine, CA 92618 Westech 360 8911 N Capital of Texas Hwy Building 1, Suite 1200 Austin, TX 78759 Contact Sales sales@restaurant365.com (949) 652-7800 Contact Support Contact Support Subscribe to Our Newsletter Company About Us Careers Support Center Product Mobile App Switch to R365 Partner Ecosystem Technology Partners Vendor Partners Channel & Service Partners Resources Blog Resource Center Events Webinars Press R365 Trust Center Privacy Terms Master Agreements and Addendums Sitemap Copyright © 2025 Restaurant365. All rights reserved. Products Who We Serve Why R365 Pricing Resources Log In Accounting AP Automation Banking Fixed Asset Management Budgeting and Forecasting Financial Reporting Bookkeeping Automated Dispute Resolution Inventory & Purchasing Inventory Management Recipes Prep Purchasing and Receiving Cash Management Commissary BI and Reporting Workforce Management Scheduling Sales Forecasting Employee Training Task Management Logbook & Chat Tip Automation Payroll & HR Hiring Onboarding HR Payroll Business Type Small Business Multi-Location Groups Franchise Brands Accounting Firms Restaurant Style QSR Fast Casual Casual Dining Fine Dining Coffee Shops Pizza Why R365 Restaurant365 brings together accounting, operations, scheduling, and more in a flexible platform—empowering restaurants to choose the solutions they need and scale with confidence. Increase Profits Save on Labor Reduce Food Costs Partner Ecosystem Case Studies Resource Center Growing menu of restaurant news. Blog Case Studies Guides Calculators Webinars Videos Events Press Support Center Find answers to help your restaurant thrive.