Skip to main content
Sections
CTV Shopping Trends
Local
CTV News App
Trump's Tariffs
Watch
In Pictures
Live
CTV News Now
Sign In

ADVERTISEMENT

Advocates push for advance MAID requests two years post Parliament recommendation

Sandra Demontigny knew something wasn’t right when she couldn’t remember buying herself a new pair of boots. They were a splurge — a little out of character for the mother of three — and she had been excited about bringing them home.

Quebec man dead after being found in rip current off Florida beach
Trump says Ukraine and Russia are ‘closer than ever’ to peace after talks with Zelenskyy
Live Coverage

ADVERTISEMENT

Interoceanic Train derails in southern Mexico, killing at least 13 and injuring dozens
Man attempted to light person’s jacket on fire at Kennedy Station, Toronto police say
Public help sought after moose shot, left to waste in Ontario
1 killed, another critically injured in midair helicopter crash
The most exciting new trains coming in 2026
Brigitte Bardot remembered in Canada for fighting seal hunt
P.E.I. researchers look at how cow poop can strengthen soil, reduce emissions
About 20 weather warnings in effect across Canada as rain, snow, cold hammer country
A knife attack outside Suriname’s capital Paramaribo kills at least 9 people, police say
Weighing whether to divorce in 2026? Taking these steps now may lessen some money stress
Foods with healthy-sounding buzzwords could be hiding added sugar in plain sight
'A lot of grief': Man dies in ER while waiting for a doctor
Top Videos
What came out of the meeting between Trump and Zelenskyy?
Is Moscow interested in making peace? Former U.S. ambassador weighs in
Trump and Zelenskyy speak after meeting in Florida
Outrage over WestJet new weight restrictions for mobility aids
Editor's Picks
‘Once in a lifetime’: Crowds gather in Vancouver to look at bird never before seen in Canada
Annette Dionne, last of the famed Dionne Quintuplets, dies at 91
This is ‘brain rot,’ a slang term with something to it
Shopping Trends
Here Are The 60 Best Advent Calendars For 2025 You Can Get In Canada (So Far)
I’ve been Using This Canadian Shampoo And Conditioner For Over A Month, And It’s Totally Changed My Scalp And Hair Health
20 Foolproof Gifts To Order If You Want To Get Your Holiday Shopping Done Early
I Tried It: A Laundry Basket So Smart It Solved Our Biggest Household Argument
20 Things From Amazon Canada That CTV Shopping Trends Readers Loved Ordering In October
How To Choose The Best Vacuum Sealer For You (And A Few Of Our Favourite Models For 2025)
13 Budget-Friendly Beauty Products That Are Dupes Of More Expensive Items
12 Products For Damaged Hair That’ll Help Bring Your Fried Tresses Back To Life

The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us.

Taking Stock is a complete roundup of all the trending stories Canadians need to know in the world of business each week.

Building Canada’s biotech sector
Taking Stock
07:19
Canada’s infrastructure – and how we pay for it
Taking Stock
09:13
Trends in Canada’s job market
Taking Stock
06:47
In Pictures
All the places 'Heated Rivalry' filmed in Toronto and Ontario

The new hit Crave series “Heated Rivalry” was filmed in multiple locations across Ontario, predominantly in Hamilton and Toronto. A warning: spoilers are present for those who haven’t seen the show yet. Crave is a division of Bell Media, which is part of BCE Inc.

Christmas celebrations from around the world
Winter solstice celebrations at Stonehenge prehistoric monument
Rob Reiner (1946 - 2025): A gifted director's life in pictures
‘Trump would get re-elected in a landside and save America’: Trump authors Presidential Walk of Fame plaques
Check out our live and interactive experience
Happening Now
Opens in new window
Interoceanic Train derails in southern Mexico, killing at least 13 and injuring dozens
6 hours ago
Chinese military to stage drills around Taiwan to warn ‘external forces’ after Japan tensions
7 hours ago
Pipe bomb suspect told FBI he targeted U.S. political parties because they were ‘in charge,’ memo says
7 hours ago
The most exciting new trains coming in 2026
7 hours ago
Europe wanted its carbon border tax to go global - is it working?
8 hours ago
Trump says Ukraine and Russia are ‘closer than ever’ to peace after talks with Zelenskyy
10 hours ago
North Korea tests cruise missiles in show of ‘combat readiness’
10 hours ago
1 killed, another critically injured in midair helicopter crash
12 hours ago
‘Avatar’ and ‘Marty Supreme’ propel strong ticket sales to wrap a turbulent 2025 for Hollywood
12 hours ago
Local Spotlight
Canada Strong pass boosting tourism in Waterton during shoulder season
Severely burned bear cub recovering in northern B.C.
‘You never know what you’ll find’: P.E.I. team takes on Christmas Bird Count
Sask. woman grateful to Secret Santa who paid portion of car repair bill
Over 1,000 pajamas collected by Windsor, Ont. children for kids in hospital on Christmas Eve
‘I don’t need it anymore’: P.E.I. woman’s ring giveaway leads to Christmas proposal
Christmas display in East Van festively lampoons AI, Coca-Cola, Ozempic
‘I screamed’: Winnipeg woman finds surprise visitor under car hood
Trump's Tariffs
Midterms and tariffs: 2026 could be a critical year for Canada-U.S. relations
‘The year that the shoe dropped’: How the Canada-U.S. relationship changed in 2025
Group of U.S. distillers claim Canadian retailers favour local alcohol
'They need our wood': U.S. lumber dependence gives Canada trade advantage
Watch Latest Reporting
CTV National News: Turmoil over tariffs in 2025
A look at how the first year of Donald Trump’s ‘chaotic’ second term went
CTV National News: How will CUSMA renegotiations impact dairy farmers?
‘That was the best ad that's ever been run - 12.4 billion views’ | Doug Ford on tariff ad
Canada was 'close' to agreement with U.S. in some sectors before Ontario's anti-tariffs ad: Carney
Trump says he ‘used the threat of tariffs’ to bring down U.S. drug costs
Must Watch
Skaters hit the ice for annual Polar Bear Skate in Toronto
Ottawa man becomes two-time Scrabble world champion
‘We need to cherish the values of compassion’: King Charles delivers Christmas message
Video shows on-ice brawl at B.C. minor hockey game
Highly Engaged
Man accused of 1996 Tupac Shakur killing seeks to suppress evidence
Health minister says Canada can’t rely on U.S. health institutions anymore
Italian authorities arrest 9 for allegedly funding Hamas through charities
Canada
Man attempted to light person’s jacket on fire at Kennedy Station, Toronto police say
Quebec man dead after being found in rip current off Florida beach
Public help sought after moose shot, left to waste in northern Ont.
World
Interoceanic Train derails in southern Mexico, killing at least 13 and injuring dozens
Chinese military to stage drills around Taiwan to warn ‘external forces’ after Japan tensions
Pipe bomb suspect told FBI he targeted U.S. political parties because they were ‘in charge,’ memo says
Opinion
Four dates for investors to mark on their 2026 tax calendars: Dale Jackson
James Moore: Canada’s ambassador to Washington may be PM Carney’s most important appointment
Richard Crouse: ‘Avatar: Fire and Ash’ delivers a dopamine hit directly through the eyes
Christopher Liew: Are GICs still worth it? What Canadians are choosing instead
Politics
Health minister says Canada can’t rely on U.S. health institutions anymore
‘Act one is over,’ says Bruce Fanjoy, who defeated Poilievre in last election
Prime Minister Mark Carney’s holiday message to Canadians
Business
With Warren Buffett’s retirement, Berkshire Hathaway loses its best pitchman
Will gold still drive TSX gains next year? Fund managers weigh in
Easy, free returns have become the expectation. Here’s why they also present a big problem.
Health
Foods with healthy-sounding buzzwords could be hiding added sugar in plain sight
New York to require social media platforms to display mental health warnings
‘Saved my life’: Inside the house that became a home for lung transplant patients
Russia-Ukraine War
Trump says Ukraine and Russia are ‘closer than ever’ to peace after talks with Zelenskyy
Russia strikes Ukraine’s capital and kills at least 1 person a day before Zelenskyy-Trump meeting
Canada to provide $2.5 billion in economic aid for Ukraine
Israel-Hamas War
Winter rain floods Gaza camps as Netanyahu heads for U.S. meeting
Italian authorities arrest 9 for allegedly funding Hamas through charities
Chilly Gaza braces for more winter rain and word of any progress in ceasefire talks
Sci-Tech
P.E.I. researchers look at how cow poop can strengthen soil, reduce emissions
The year human evolution’s greatest mystery got a face
Elusive wild cat feared extinct rediscovered in Thailand
Entertainment
‘Avatar’ and ‘Marty Supreme’ propel strong ticket sales to wrap a turbulent 2025 for Hollywood
Former ‘The Lion King’ on Broadway child actress killed in New Jersey stabbing
Perry Bamonte, guitarist and keyboardist for The Cure, dies at 65
Lifestyle
The most exciting new trains coming in 2026
This is ‘brain rot,’ a slang term with something to it
Weighing whether to divorce in 2026? Taking these steps now may lessen some money stress
Sports
Hockey Canada apologizes after players skip post-game handshake with Czechia
Thunder’s Shai Gilgeous-Alexander named CP Male Athlete of the Year for second time
Parekh scores twice, Canada secures nervy victory over Czechia to open world juniors
Autos
Porsche recall affects more than 25,000 vehicles in Canada
A Dubai-bound vehicle and a car explosion: Wild ways Manitoba drivers attempted insurance fraud in 2025
Ford, Honda, GM issue recalls impacting more than 80,000 vehicles in Canada
Climate & Environment
P.E.I. researchers look at how cow poop can strengthen soil, reduce emissions
Snow, freezing rain, and extreme cold make for a wintry Boxing Day across the country
New storm hitting waterlogged Southern California could cause more flooding and mudslides
CTV National News

CTV National News is Canada's most-watched national news program, covering stories that matter to Canadians.

Power Play

Vassy Kapelos hosts Power Play, talking to the people and players who dominate the political scene in Canada.

Question Period

CTV's Question Period is Canada's top weekly Sunday morning political program with Vassy Kapelos.

CTV News App
Contact Us
FAQ
Newsletters
Team
Twitter feed

©2025 BellMedia All Rights Reserved

Accessibility & Feedback
BCE Accessibility
Opens in new window
About BellMedia
Bell Privacy Policy
Opens in new window
Terms & Conditions
Opens in new window
Political Ad Registry
Opens in new window
Other Brands
CP24
Opens in new window
BNN Bloomberg
Opens in new window
TSN.ca
Opens in new window
Autres Marques
Noovo.info
Opens in new window
Noovomoi.ca
Opens in new window
RDS.ca
Opens in new window