Affordable Health Insurance & Care | Curative Find Care Pharmacy Support Members Brokers Employers Providers Company Member Portal Español Curative health plan No copays. No deductibles. No…really. It’s a new kind of employer-sponsored health insurance based on affordability, engagement, and simplicity. With Curative, you can focus on healthcare, not health cost. Get in touch Yes, we mean $0 in-network doctor visits and preferred prescriptions. Curative wants you to get the high-quality care you need, when you need it. From routine appointments to more significant health issues, members will experience $0 copays, $0 deductibles, and only one competitive monthly premium. Think of it like any other monthly subscription. $0 copay $0 deductible $0 out-of-pocket costs Brokers Employers Employees We offer a health plan based on Affordability Bringing costs down so members have no reason not to seek care Engagement Building engagement from day 1 by facilitating trusted relationships with providers and care navigators Simplicity Designing simple, modern experiences to make care management virtually stress-free New Name, Same $0 Promise Meet the Curative Cash Card Whether you’re visiting an urgent care, therapist, or even a hospital, your Curative Cash Card gets you no out-of-pocket costs at more places than ever. Learn more about the Curative Cash Card Visit the FAQs Broad provider network Our nationwide provider network enables our members to access their favorite doctors and facilities. Need to see a doctor quickly? Get stress-free virtual care with Curative Telehealth . Search provider network Curative Telehealth EPO Value: Get a Curative Pass first We help you reach the healthiest version of you. You'll be excited to engage with Curative and can rest assured that we've got you covered.  Our annual Baseline Visit and ongoing support from a Care Navigator are designed to help you make the most of your health plan, connect with high quality doctors, and focus on what you need to do to achieve your health goals. Learn more about the Baseline Visit $0 drug options for nearly every condition Curative members have access to one of the largest drug formularies with an extensive list of $0 preferred prescriptions and $50/$250 copays on non-preferred prescriptions when filled at an in-network pharmacy . View all in-network pharmacy options Learn more about the Curative Pharmacy Curative's financial strength affirmed with A- (Excellent) rating from AM Best We're thrilled to share that we have secured an A- (Excellent) Financial Strength Rating (FSR) and Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating (Long-Term ICR) of “a-” (Excellent) from AM Best for the third consecutive year. Read 2025 press release Health benefits that are actually beneficial. Employers For Brokers For Employees Too good to be true? Proof says otherwise. When cost barriers are removed from health insurance, members stop skipping care, and companies stop paying for it later. See success stories Have questions? We have answers. We've compiled answers to the most frequently asked questions. Employers FAQ Brokers FAQ Members FAQ Providers FAQ Get in touch with us to learn more about our health plan. Fill out the form to learn more about Curative's transparent, next generation health plan. Stay in the loop by subscribing to our newsletter You'll get all of the latest information on Curative's health plan delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our newsletter $0 Copay, $0 Deductible Group Health Insurance Health Plan Resources Curative Cash Card Find Care Curative Pharmacy From COVID-19 to Health Plan Lantern Search Network Pharmacy Plan Options Transparency In Coverage Rates For Members For Members Member Portal Support Got a Bill? Baseline Visit Telehealth Care Curative Primary Care Support for Complex Medical Diagnoses Cologuard® Rights and Resources Curative Commons Surprise Medical Bills FAQ Member Programs Diabetes Weight Management Mental Health Hypertension H-E-B Wellness Nutrition Maternity Substance Use Help Hearing Aids Galleri Providers Provider Resources Prior Authorization Search Prior Authorization Status Electronic Claims Processing Patient Eligibility Search Find a Medication Search Provider Network Providers FAQ Resources for Brokers and Employers Shop Plans Become a Curative Producer Client Portal Plan Options Employer Resources Success Stories Partner with Us For Employers For Brokers For Employees Markets Atlanta Austin Dallas DC Florida Georgia Houston Maryland Miami Orlando San Antonio Tampa Texas Company Why Curative About Blog News and Press Careers Subscribe Testimonials TPA Home Health Plan Resources For Members Member Programs Providers Resources for Brokers and Employers Partner with Us Markets Company © Curative, Inc. 2025 Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Medical Policy HITRUST r2 Certified We and our vendors use cookies to provide and personalize your experience on our site, and to perform analytics. For more information, see our Privacy Policy.