Home ❧ Current Affairs Current Affairs A Magazine of Politics and Culture About Print Magazine Team & Friends History FAQ Pitch Us Subscribe Issues Archive Articles Shop Podcast News Briefing Donate Search Sign In Menu Search Log In Hide menu About Print Magazine Team History FAQ Pitch Us Subscribe Issues Archive Articles Shop Podcast News Briefing Donate This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. There are no suggestions because the search field is empty. The Profit Motive Has Corrupted the Fertility Industry I recently discovered that I have over 30 siblings. Thanks to a for-profit fertility industry that operates with little oversight, it's a common story. by Alyssa McDougle Healthcare We Need More Seymour Hershes The new documentary Cover-Up shows what independent journalism looks like and why it matters. by Nathan J. Robinson Greta Thunberg and Ms. Rachel Offer Lessons In Solidarity They could have “stayed in their lane.” But they couldn’t stand by and silently watch the destruction of Gaza. by Nathan J. Robinson Lost Lessons from America’s Wildest Reality TV Show The producers of “Kid Nation” expected chaos when they dropped 40 children in the desert. What they got was cooperation—until adults intervened. by Emily Topping Enjoy reading interviews with people Anthony Fantano on Music, Criticism, and Why Artists Should Unionize Adam McKay on the Late, Unlamented Dick Cheney Cory Doctorow Explains Why Everything is Getting Shittier See all understand the politics of our time Of Course the Left Should Primary Hakeem Jeffries How a Cash-Strapped Louisiana is Profiting from Trump’s Deportation Frenzy The Case for Centrism Does Not Hold Up See all Current Affairs’ editorial selections The IMF’s Bottomless Bottom-Line Cruelty Seeking Utopia in Louisiana How Identity Became A Weapon Against The Left See all Short Takes Q&A: Founder of the Middle East Vegan Society on the power of logic Q&A: Are the omnivores indefensible? Q&A: Pressuring the World Bank to cut off factory farms Q&A: What does an animal welfare journalist cover? Q&A: Why Captain Paul Watson sinks whaling ships Q&A: What it's like to be lawyer for chickens Q&A: Meet the underground activists liberating mink Two Poems by Brendan Joyce Q&A: How does race intersect with animal welfare activism? Q&A: What's inside the "Little Red Barns"? Q&A: How do we teach teens about animal welfare? See all Economics See all This is Why You Don’t Let Libertarians Run Your Country by Alex Skopic Rent Control Is Fine, Actually by Unlearning Economics The Wall Street Journal Admits It—Capitalism is a Miserable Tyranny by Rob Larson Labor See all There Is No Defense For Sweatshops by Grady Martin We Never Left Upton Sinclair’s Jungle by Chance Phillips The Grind Old Party by Stephen Prager History See all How American Evangelicals Stole the Legacy of Anti-Nazi Resistance by Alex Reinsch-Goldstein On Veterans’ Day, Remember James Kutcher, Hero of the Red Scare by Hank Kennedy The Tuttle Twins Learn Incredibly Wrong History Lessons by Rob Larson From The Archives Could a Socialist Mayor be Just What New York City Needs? by Current Affairs Subscribe To Our Print Edition A Current Affairs subscription is one of the best known ways to improve your life in a hurry. Our print magazine is released six times a year, in a beautiful full-color edition full of elegant design, sophisticated prose, and satirical advertisements. Tell me more How Corporations Convinced America that Litter is Our Fault Emily Topping The Secret History of the Left-Wing Western Ciara Moloney If Democrats Campaign on Stopping Scam Calls, They’ll Be Re-Elected Forever Nathan J. Robinson What the Government Shutdown Actually Revealed for Democrats Current Affairs Why not listen to the Current Affairs Podcast Every other week our editorial team brings you a mixture of discussion, analysis, and whimsy. I’ll try it It’s fun to pur­chase things in our Shop Oh boy Help us make life joyful again Donate Let’s go subscribe to our weekly briefings to read THE NEWS Sign me up The Year Everyone Dropped Bad Albums by Alex Skopic John Sanbonmatsu Thinks You’re Lying to Yourself About Food by Current Affairs Looking for Jesus at the D.C. Bible Museum by K. Wilson New Orleans Won’t Back Down Against ICE by Hamilton Nolan The “Merit-First” Fantasy of Bari Weiss’ Anti-Woke University by Anna L. Philippe There is No Excuse for Student Food Insecurity by Roman Fritz Candace Owens and the Decay of the American Brain by Nathan J. Robinson Abolish the Texas Rangers by Angelo Guisado Nina Turner Talks Economic Justice and the Military Industrial Complex by Current Affairs Continue browsing the latest Current Affairs Why, you’d have to be an uncultured rube to not sign up for The Current Affairs News­letter Current Affairs © 2025 Current Affairs About Us FAQ Policies Pitch /curaffairs /curaffairs /currentaffairsmag