Customer.io Platform: Automation, Data, Content Creation Platform Solutions Pricing Resources Sign in Book demo Book demo Start trial Start trial Say more, more powerfully Fueled by first-party data, create personalized journeys across all channels with our AI-powered customer engagement platform. Get started Get started Book a demo Book a demo 14-day free trial No credit card required Cancel anytime Data + Activation Transform customer communication Manage and personalize customer messages within one unified platform. Because when powered by data, it’s more than a message, it’s a relationship. Data & integrations Collect and route your first-party data to all the tools you use to drive growth. Journeys Craft and automate messages with unmatched flexibility and customization. Insights & analytics AI-powered insights and analysis surface learnings and new areas of opportunity. Trusted by 8,000+ brands around the world to send data-powered communication each day Accelerate growth Power your marketing performance with AI Enhance your expertise with AI, remove mundane tasks, and accelerate platform usability—while keeping you in complete control of your messaging strategy and execution. Explore AI Explore AI Find new opportunities: Discover untapped audiences, strategies, and automation paths to scale your marketing—faster. Strengthen every interaction: Get AI-driven recommendations that optimize messaging, enhance clarity, and ensure your brand voice stays authentic. Prove your impact with confidence: Use insights to fine-tune campaigns and maximize engagement. Engage + Convert Deliver meaningful interactions Create distinctive customer experiences across mobile and web via email, push, in-app, and SMS, powered by first-party data to engage customers where they are. Discover Journeys Discover Journeys Visual workflow builder Drag-and-drop interface to easily outline exactly how you want your automations to flow. Omnichannel support A unified customer experience across every touchpoint: email, push, in-app, SMS and more. Design Studio Create high-quality messages with a collaborative and user-friendly editor. Analytics + conversion goals View performance, compare metrics, and track conversion goals. A/B + cohort testing Optimize messaging through content and cadence experimentation. Powered by data All your data without limits Easily move real-time data from source to destination and craft campaigns based on unlimited profile attributes, events, or actions. Explore data & integrations Explore data & integrations APIs + Webhooks Move real-time and relevant customer data from A to B to with API calls and webhooks. Event triggers Send campaigns based on as many profile attributes, events, or actions as you need. Reverse ETL Keep your data in sync with native reverse ETL support for data warehouses like Snowflake and Big Query. Ad audience sync Automatically keep your segments in sync with Google, Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube ad networks. Custom objects Enhance message precision with data like companies people work for, courses they've taken, or properties they own. Unlimited sources & destinations From data warehouses to analytics tools, confidently connect to the databases and applications you use every day. A platform you can trust Designed to help you scale From small startups to publicly traded enterprises with hundreds of millions of users, we built our platform to grow alongside you. Delighting our customers, no matter your role or tech stack in place remains at the heart of every decision we make. monthly multi-channel messages increase in first transactions improvement in late payments There’s nothing this platform can’t accomplish for you. Customer.io has been the perfect messaging platform for our team every step of the way. We loved it as a small team, and it’s stayed perfect for us along our path of continuous growth. AMI Diego Schocher Business Architect increase in monthly G2 reviews conversion rate for billing emails avg. email open rate It allows us to visualize the whole campaign straightaway, and when it comes to analyzing a campaign by itself, I never need to do that on a workflow separately from Customer.io. AMI Thibaut Davoult Head of Growth increase in win-back conversions person-hours saved per week more real-time data processed Customer.io has been an opportunity for us to go in there, recover more money, make it a profit center, and also reduce the amount of manual labor that we had to do. AMI Randy Epp Product Director Scale, flex, and innovate Designed for universal usability, our platform minimizes operational overhead, ensuring maximum ROI for brands of all sizes. Platform uptime Customer satisfaction score Daily API calls Messages sent in 2024 Webhooks sent in 2024 Global support coverage You’re in good company Trusted by brands across industries, geographies, and sizes, including those servicing both B2B and B2C markets. Integrates with your tools Seamlessly connect the databases and applications you rely on to scale your business. Security you can trust As a data company, we understand the importance of keeping your company’s data secure. ISO 27001 certified and compliant with GDPR, HIPAA, SOC 2 Type II, and CCPA standards. Choose between secure data residency in the EU or US, tailored to your needs. Supercharge your messaging automation 14-day free trial No credit card required Cancel anytime Book a demo Book a demo Start a trial Start a trial Platform Platform overview Journeys Data & integrations Design Studio AI All features All integrations Pricing Security + Compliance Features Email Marketing In-App Messages Anonymous messages Push Notifications SMS Marketing Visual Workflow Builder Audience Segmentation Custom objects Data Warehouse Data Activation Reverse ETL Ad audience sync Solutions SaaS EdTech FinTech Marketplace Healthcare Marketing Product Engineering Enterprise SMB/Mid-Market Startups Use cases Activation Cross-sell & upsell Onboarding Retention Resources Blog Guides Documentation Events Tools Competitors Company About Careers Support Partners Startup program Contact Developers API Release notes Platform Platform overview Journeys Data & integrations Design Studio AI All features All integrations Pricing Security + Compliance Use cases Activation Cross-sell & upsell Onboarding Retention Resources Blog Guides Documentation Events Tools Competitors Company About Careers Support Partners Startup program Contact Get started Sign in Talk to sales Platform Features Solutions Use cases Resources Developers Company All Systems Operational Terms Privacy © 2025 Peaberry Software, Inc.