Shorten Links And Earn Money | cuty.io Payment Rates Payment Proof English English Español العربية Français Log in Sign up Payment Rates Payment Proof English English Español العربية Français Log in Sign up Shorten your links, and earn as visitors click! cuty.io helps you generate passive income by just shortening links. It is highly customizable and offers the best possible user experience! Get Started Start the journey Enter a link that you want to share below, and you will be provided a short URL that you can share anywhere, and make money if you are a user! Shorten Your Links Sign Up and Eran! 3 Steps to start earning Getting started with cuty.io is very easy. You only need to follow the steps below to get an active account that generates you passive income. Create an account Creating an account would not take you more than 3 minutes. You only need to provide your email, username and a password. You can also use your social accounts like Facebook and Google for a quicker registration! Shorten and share links After you create an account, you can use one of our powerful tools to shorten links that you want to share. If you have a website, you can easily shorten its links using our fully customizable full-page script Earn money Once you share the links with potential visitors, you get paid for each visit to your links based on our payout rates, and you can withdraw your earnings immediately once you reach the minimum withdrawal amount Immediate withdrawals When you reach the minimum withdrawal amount for your method of choice, you can request a withdrawal and receive it immediately. You do not need to wait to receive your earnings! We also offer a variety of payment methods to choose from including cryptocurrency with low min payout amounts. That way you should not have any issue withdrawing your earnings at any time Highly customizable experience Unlike other solutions, cuty.io is made to be highly customizable. For instance, you can choose a logo on your short links. Even more, you can choose the ad intensity of the ads that appear to your visitors. If you are a developer and prefer using APIs to shorten links, we've got you covered. We also support a variety of other methods to make shortening links easier and more convenient 30% referral bonus for everyone! Do you know someone who can also make use of our services? You can invite them using your referral link and earn up to 30% of their total earnings as a bonus from cuty.io! Referral earnings never expire, which means that our referral program is a great way to make passive income as well, without even sharing links. Of course, you can combine all of these methods to maximize your revenue. We support multiple payment methods What our users say The best link shortener I have ever used cuty.io makes a great choice if you are trying to earn money online, especially with the features it offers. I have just started working recently, and I am seeing some pretty good results! Ivor Dwight Website Owner Branding my links is what I have always needed. What I really like about cuty.io is the fact that I can place my logo on my short links I am a YouTube channel owner and I like the fact that my logo now appears on the short links I share! Khalid Nassiri YouTube Channel Owner Immediate withdrawals are the best I have always hated the fact that I need to wait a two weeks or even more to have my earnings reach my account Now I do not need to wait anymore. Once I reach the min withdrawal amount, which is very low, I get my earnings immediately. Colette Soraya YouTube Channel Owner I can finally choose the intensity of the ads Other link shorteners make it very hard to choose the type of ads that my visitors see. This is apparently not the case with cuty.io. Now I can fully customize the ads on my short links Oussama Chanii Website Developer Ready to start earning with cuty.io? Register your account and start the journey. It is 100% free! Sign up Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Copyright 2026. All Rights Reserved.