The Commonwealth War Graves Commission | CWGC Skip to content Commonwealth war graves commission Caring for the fallen Commonwealth war graves Foundation Our charity site Find Records Open Menu Link Go back Find Records Find War Dead CWGC Archive About our records Commemorations How to Find War Records WW2 Frequently Asked Questions Explore the records of the CWGC Find War Dead Use our search tools to explore our records and find out about those we commemorate. Discover world war casualties who lived in your area Use our postcode search tool to discover more about the war dead from your local area. CWGC Archive Explore the CWGC Archive through our online portal. Visit Us Open Menu Link Go back Visit Us Find Cemeteries & Memorials Events War Graves Tours Visiting a CWGC site The CWGC Visitor Centre Visit the CWGC in Ieper Visit Malta Find WW2 war graves Westtoer - Build your own Flanders pilgrimage Plan your next trip to a CWGC location Open Days Join us to discover more about our work, your local history and the men and women we commemorate. The CWGC Visitor Centre No visit to the Western Front is complete without a trip to The CWGC Visitor Centre. Visit the CWGC in Ieper Just a stone's throw from the Menin Gate, visit our Information Centre to learn more about the CWGC. Our Work Open Menu Link Go back Our Work News Blog Outreach Volunteer Projects CWGC Podcast Caring for Our Sites Guides Sustainability Events Form Menin Gate Memorial Silent Cities Loos British Cemetery Extension Brookwood 1914-1918 Memorial Cannock Chase German Military Cemetery building refurbishment Medjez-El-Bab War Cemetery: Sustainability for the Future Bayeux Memorial: Renovations & protection for the future Get the latest CWGC news and see some of our recent work Ask a question Have a question about us or our work? Read our FAQs or send a question to our customer service team. Volunteer with us Find out how you can apply to become a CWGC Volunteer. Our sites in challenging locations Some of our sites are in zones presenting considerable challenges. Read their current status here. Who We Are Open Menu Link Go back Who We Are Information on the CWGC Our story Doing business with the Commission Our Commissioners Meet our Global Leadership Team Our Apps Pension Scheme Learn more about the work of the CWGC Information on the CWGC Get information about our funding, our Customer Charter and our Strategic Plan. Our story Explore the story of the CWGC, from our formation during the First World War to our work today. Non-Commemoration Open Menu Link Go back Non-Commemoration 2025 report and response 2021 report and response Latest updates Outreach Rolls of Honour Advisory Panel Non-Commemoration reports Learn more about our work to put right the wrongs of the past, centred on local engagement, collaboration and partnership OUTREACH FITTING MEMORIALS Ensuring remembrance is both fitting and relevant to communities. RESEARCH OUTPUTS See our published Non-Commemoration research reports. For Evermore Open Menu Link Commonwealth war graves Foundation Our charity site Login Search our records... Search in War Dead Search in Cemeteries and Memorials Search in Website Find cemeteries and memorials near me Frequently Asked Questions Welcome to the Commonwealth War Graves Commission Search Search in War Dead Search in Cemeteries and Memorials Search in Website Find cemeteries and memorials near me 39,000 Trees for 2039 We want to ensure our cemeteries, memorials and their surrounding landscapes are healthy, climate-resilient and biodiverse, whilst remaining places of deep meaning. By committing to planting 39,000 trees for 2039 across our global estate, we recognise our responsibility to capture more carbon and support thriving natural habitats. Learn more about our 39,000 trees project REWATCH OUR WEBINAR - CARING FOR OUR SITES: HEADSTONES WATCH THE WEBINAR HERE Read our new report into unequal commemoration for casualties of the Second World War The report, titled 'Remembering the dead of the British Empire', is part of our ongoing commitment to investigate and address historical injustices in its commemorative work. The new report and its accompanying action plan build on a 2021 commitment to rectify historical gaps in commemoration. Find out more and read the report Our new app is now available to download From the trenches of the Western Front to the jungles of the Far East, journey through two World Wars with our For Evermore app. New tours added regularly. Download today. Get the latest updates about our work See the latest updates about our work around the world. From restoration projects, our events and ongoing commemorations, discover what we've been up to. Get the latest updates Discover our career opportunities We employ dedicated team members across the globe and we're always looking for new talent. See our open positions learn more about working with us. See our career opportunities Volunteering around the world We have volunteering opportunities across the UK, Europe and Canada. Find out what's on offer and how you can help us make a difference. Volunteer with us VIEW OUR CWGC DOCUMENTARY Follow the work of the CWGC, see how we commemorate the fallen across the globe and how we engage current and future generations with their stories. The Commonwealth War Graves Commission is a global leader in commemoration ESTATE We have 23,000 locations in 150 countries. See how we manage and care for the memorials, cemeteries and headstones, some of which are over a century old. Caring for Our Sites HORTICULTURE CWGC is probably the largest horticultural operation worldwide encompassing all of the worlds ecosystems and climates each with their unique challenges. Horticulture SUSTAINABILITY Our working practices are evolving to meet ‘new normals’  - such as increasing drought and flooding events and encourage biodiversity. Sustainability CWGC SITES IN CHALLENGING LOCATIONS READ OUR CURRENT SITE UPDATES Our work in Kenya CWGC has several advanced stage programmes in Kenya to commemorate soldiers, carriers, and porters from across the African continent who were not remembered because of unequal approaches to commemoration over one hundred years ago. The stories from this work are so potent they are best explained by this short film – as told by our Heritage Manager, Patrick Abungu who is a key part of our team in Nairobi, Kenya. In this film Patrick explains his personal perspective and outlines the importance of finding closure through the research led, community-first approach CWGC is taking as our work continues. We will remember them. Find out more about our Non-Commemoration project SOME OF OUR MAJOR PROJECTS Cannock Chase German Military Cemetery Up-to-date news and information on our refurbishment to the buildings for the German Volksbund. Cannock Chase German Military Cemetery Brookwood 1914-1918 Memorial Work is underway to build a brand new memorial to the missing in Brookwood Military Cemetery Brookwood 1914-1918 Memorial Non-Commemoration Programme Find out more about our programme and progress to identify missing names and commemorate them appropriately. Non-Commemoration Medjez-el-Bab Read more about the landscape redesign happening at Medjez-el-Bab War Cemetery in Tunisia. Medjez-El-Bab War Cemetery: Sustainability for the Future Bayeux Memorial Renovation work has begun on the Bayeux Memorial in Normandy to protect the Memorial for decades to come. Bayeux Memorial: Renovations & protection for the future Silent Cities: OPERATION AVALANCHE REMEMBERED Welcome to Silent Cities, a YouTube series about our work at the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, the stories of those we commemorate and the wider context of the battles they were involved in. Explore history from a very personal perspective in this thought provoking series and uncover the scope of our work. View our current and past Silent Cities episodes Keep up to date, sign up to the CWGC newsletter Sign up to our mailing list for regular updates on our work. Newsletter sign up Download our FREE apps We have a selection of FREE apps to download designed to help find our sites and enhance your visit. See our FREE Apps WHO LIVED ON YOUR STREET POSTCODE SEARCH Discover a World War casualty who lived near you with our postcode search tool. See who lived on your street BECOME A CWGF MEMBER TODAY As a CWGF member, you'll help keep their stories alive for future generations Join The Foundation Browse the CWGF online shop All purchases from our online shop help support the work of the CWGF Visit our Shop Caring for the fallen Find records Find war dead Download our Apps Explore our Archives Visit Us Find Cemeteries & Memorials The CWGC Visitor Centre Ieper Information Centre Explore our Shop Our work Our Work Caring for Our Sites Public Engagement Projects Support Us Join The Foundation About us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Careers Visit Us Terms And Conditions Our Work Who We Are Data Protection and Privacy Modern Slavery Statement Hyperlinking Terms and Conditions Press Office Follow us X Link Facebook Link LinkedIn Link Youtube Link Instagram Link ©2025 Commonwealth War Graves Commission. Read our Cookie Policy , Terms & Conditions , Acceptable Use Policy and Data Protection & Privacy Policy . Questions or feedback on our site? Contact us