Case Western Reserve University: One of the nation's best MENU Think Beyond the Possible. Celebrating 200 years At Case Western Reserve University, we think big. But we don't just think—we do. In labs and classrooms, we spend each day asking—and discovering—how to solve the biggest issues of today and tomorrow. Expand Your Education With hundreds of programs in a variety of formats, we're confident you'll find an option that fits your goals. Undergraduate Programs Graduate & Professional Programs Online Programs The CWRU Difference Research and Innovation 0 1 0 2 0 3 0 4 0 5 Energy efficient solutions for manufacturing Rohan Akolkar's lab focuses on metal production using electrochemistry in a process that is energy efficient, reduces costs, circumvents the use of carbon and reduces reliance on foreign countries for the resource. aerial agents © Find Yourself in Cleveland Our hometown offers the best of both worlds: big-city opportunities in a tight-knit community. Here, you can immerse yourself in our robust arts scene, explore your entrepreneurial spirit, take in a pro sports win, enjoy our 50,000+ acres of parks and green spaces, or explore any number of other exciting adventures. Discover Our Home More to Explore No matter your interest, CWRU offers opportunities to match—from training in the arts to driving groundbreaking research to competing on the field. The Arts Music, theater and dance take center stage in Maltz Performing Arts Center and beyond. See Arts Programs → Collaborative Research In our Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Building, we’ll push the boundaries of what’s possible. Explore the ISEB → Athletics From 19 D-III varsity athletics teams to dozens of club options, Spartans get in the game. Discover Athletics → Student Spotlight 3/4 humanities classes have fewer than 20 students 50+ museums and other cultural institutions in our neighborhood 91% of recent humanities graduates participated in research or creative endeavors “Even though there are a lot of students in my program, it still feels very personal. I’ve gotten to know so many faculty and they’re always introducing me to new opportunities.” – Sreeja G., psychology, pre-med 01 / 04 Prev Next News and Updates See All News Upcoming Events See More Events From start to finish, fall semester finals were no match for our Spartans. View on Instagram The 41st annual Doc Opera, CWRU School of Medicine’s fundraising variety show, featured Wicked-themed songs, dances and costumes. View on Instagram The Land has plenty to offer CWRU students in the winter, including Cleveland Cavaliers games. View on Instagram Our campus is beautiful year round—but it’s extra magical in the snow. View on Instagram TOP 10900 Euclid Ave., Cleveland, OH 44106 216.368.2000 © 2025 Case Western Reserve University Legal Notice | Privacy Statement Title IX Notice of Non-Discrimination Campus Safety Canvas Careers Directory Equity Financial Aid Give to CWRU Libraries Media Student Information System University Technology Webmail