Central Washington University Return to the Central Washington University home page Open primary navigation Resources for: Prospective Students Current Students Parents & Families CWU Alumni Faculty Employees Email/Outlook MyCWU Canvas Apply Visit Give What are you looking for? Submit What are you looking for? Search About CWU About CWU University Leadership Campus Locations Offices Directory Local Community Media Resources Admissions and Aid Admissions and Aid Apply Now Visit Campus Campus Locations Tuition and Fees Financial Aid and Scholarships Student Account Services Preview Day Academics Academics Explore Programs Academic Colleges Specialized Programs Research Academic Resources Event Calendar CWU Libraries Student Life Student Life Campus Housing Multicultural Center Campus Dining Student Union Student Government Student Clubs and Organizations Fitness and Recreation Health and Wellness Services Student Support Student Employment and Volunteering Wildcat Shop Athletics Resources for: Prospective Students Current Students Parents & Families CWU Alumni Faculty Employees Email/Outlook MyCWU Canvas Apply Visit Give Pause video Create Your Future At Central Washington University, you'll find a community designed to support your individual journey to success. Forward-Thinking Programs Prepare for the careers of today and tomorrow. Chart your own course with more than 135 accredited undergraduate majors and 32 accredited master’s degree programs.  We offer many minor and certificate options to complement your academic path. Explore Programs Not sure what you'd like to study? Complete our undergraduate majors assessment . 135 Accredited College Majors You Belong At Central Apply to CWU Visit Campus Request Information Explore Programs CWU By The Numbers 17:1 Student To Faculty Ratio 135+ Majors and Programs 88% Acceptance Rate 125+ Student Organizations CWU Campus Locations Our main campus is located in historic Ellensburg, Washington and we have six satellite locations across the state. Explore our locations and find the campus or center that's most convenient for you. Explore All Locations a map of Washington state, showing the location of CWU campuses Ellensburg Des Moines Joint Base Lewis-McChord Lynnwood Moses Lake Pierce County Wenatchee Yakima Ellensburg Ellensburg CWU's residential campus encompasses 380 acres, with modern learning facilities, residence halls, and athletic facilities. Explore Ellensburg Des Moines Des Moines CWU-Des Moines offers diverse programs, updated facilities, and supportive faculty near the business and tech hub of Seattle. Explore Des Moines Joint Base Lewis-McChord Joint Base Lewis-McChord CWU-JBLM offers programs for military, their families, and civilians to achieve their academic goals while serving our nation Explore Joint Base Lewis-McChord Lynnwood Lynnwood CWU-Lynnwood offers a unique learning environment in Lynnwood, WA, for those seeking advanced education and career prospects. Explore CWU-Lynnwood Moses Lake Moses Lake CWU Moses Lake offers academic programs and certificates in Moses Lake, WA, providing supportive learning closer to home. Explore CWU-Moses Lake Pierce County Pierce County CWU-Pierce County is located at Pierce College Fort Steilacoom in Lakewood, Washington. Explore CWU-Pierce County Wenatchee Wenatchee CWU-Wenatchee offers top facilities and academics to foster a supportive learning community in the scenic Wenatchee Valley. Explore CWU-Wenatchee Yakima Yakima CWU Yakima, in Yakima, WA, provides a supportive learning environment emphasizing community engagement and quality education. Explore CWU-Yakima Explore All Locations The CWU Experience Student Life Student Life Enjoy the vibrant Wildcat way of life! From movie nights to intramural sports, you’ll never run out of activities at CWU. Learn more Learn more Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Begin building the future you've been dreaming about. It's easy to apply to CWU and we're here for you every step of the way. Start Your Application Today Start Your Application Today Academics Academics Our small class sizes, passionate educators, and real-world learning opportunities prepare you to take on your dreams. Learn More Learn More About About The world needs builders, doers, and leaders who care. You belong here, and we see your future at CWU. Get to Know CWU Get to Know CWU CWU News More News Education alum helps shape the future of Seattle schools December 29, 2025 by David Leder Read More Read more about Shaping The Future Of Seattle Schools TV News Career Gives Way to New Career Path December 23, 2025 by Robin Burck Read More Read more about Tv News Career Gives Way To New Career Path Married CWU professors make beautiful music together December 22, 2025 by Kimberly Smith Read More Read more about Married Cwu Professors Make Beautiful Music Together Apply Now Visit Us Request Info Return to the Central Washington University home page Central Washington University 400 E. University Way, Ellensburg, WA 98926 Campus Operator: (509) 963-1111 Marketing and Communications: (509) 963-1221 Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Twitter CWU Events CWU News CWU Campus Notices CWU Libraries Wildcat Shop Careers Maps & Directions A-Z Index Consumer Information Disclosures Policies & Procedures Privacy Accessibility Emergency Information AA/EEO/Title X/Veteran/Disability Employer © 2025 Central Washington University