Cyber Polygon About Training Participants FAQ Media center Archive Platform Рус Cyber Polygon International online training for raising global cyber resilience The teams take on the role of a blue team to investigate an incident using classical computer forensics techniques and the threat hunting approach Cyber Polygon 2024 results Cyber Polygon 2024 This year, the training took place online on BI.ZONE Cyber Polygon Platform and within&nbspMENA ISC in Saudi Arabia. In the 24 hours of the training, participants from all over the world practiced repelling a sophisticated targeted attack and further investigated the incident using classical forensics and threat hunting techniques 309 teams from 65 countries took part in the training Learn more BI.ZONE Cyber Polygon Platform This is an online cyber fitness center for training the skills and assessing the potential needed to protect against cyber threats. The scenario from the 2024 training is already uploaded to the platform and is available to individual users Go to platform Plot A well-known startup develops an innovative solution powered by AI. The release of the product is a success, and the company signs multimillion dollar contracts Company management begins to suspect that the developments were stolen through a breach of the internal infrastructure The AI model starts degrading. At the same time, a competitor announces the development of a similar product, but at a lower price. All this can lead to a collapse of the company While intellectual property experts examine the competitor’s solution, the company invites a team of forensic specialists, which the participants are a part of The teams investigated possible leaks and a compromise of the internal infrastructure Company infrastructure INTERPOL supports Cyber Polygon Cyber Polygon is hosted by BI.ZONE with the support of INTERPOL Subscribe for updates I consent to the processing of my personal data Experts about Cyber Polygon Jürgen Stock Secretary General, INTERPOL The Cyber Polygon events are always a fantastic opportunity to take stock of the global threat landscape we face both across the public and the private sector Peter Maurer President, International Committee of the Red Cross (2012-2022) I trust that expert discussions such as at Cyber Polygon is one such platform that allows us to reduce risks and increase protections for communities Chris McCurdy Vice President and General Manager, IBM Security Security culture is what we have to drive with everyone in the world to ensure safety and protection. I appreciate Cyber Polygon in driving these initiatives Menny Barzilay Cybersecurity Expert and Strategic Adviser The results we have seen following this training prove just how important it is to have an established information exchange. To cope with the challenges of the future, we need to get to know each other, build a trusted environment around us and between one another Professor Klaus Schwab Founder and Executive Chairman, World Economic Forum The promotion of cybersecurity and technologies is of crucial importance for the world today. The pandemic has changed the world, and one of the most striking transformations has been the complete digitalization of all aspects of our lives. I think the Cyber Polygon training is one of the great initiatives to help fight crime in the digital space and increase global cyber resilience Dmitry Samartsev CEO, BI.ZONE Cyberattacks today are not just about stolen money: our environment and human lives can be at risk. To prevent a crisis, it is necessary to invest in the protection of each individual company, increase cyber literacy, and develop specialty skills. This is exactly what Cyber Polygon training is for, and it has already proven to be effective. I hope that future events will bring even more value to the international community Organizer BI.ZONE is an expert in digital risks management that helps organizations develop their business safely in cyberspace About Training FAQ Platform Media center team@cyberpolygon.com © 2025 BI.ZONE We use cookies (files that store information about your visits to the website) to personalise our services and to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies. If you do not consent to the use of these files, you should adjust your browser settings accordingly. Accept