What Is VPN 
Download VPN 
VPN Servers 
Pricing
Privacy Hub
Help
EN 
My Account
Get
82%
OFF

No Cold Can Breach Your Privacy

Save 82% + Secure
4 Months

Get It Now | ₩ 2,830/mo

45-Day Money-Back Guarantee

Supported on:

Windows
Fire TV
Android
Android TV
Apple TV
Console
Chrome
Firefox
iOS
Linux
macOS
Smart TVs
Best VPN Service for Privacy

Keep your internet activity hidden from anyone watching. This includes your ISP, hackers, advertisers, and the government.


CyberGhost VPN encrypts your online traffic and hides your real IP address, whether you’re streaming, gaming, shopping, banking, or simply browsing.


Keep your identity and your real location hidden.

Get CyberGhost VPN

Complete Privacy on All Devices

Connect up to 7 devices at once with just 1 subscription.

Simply download our easy-to-use app for Windows, macOS, Android, iOS, and Linux. You can even configure CyberGhost VPN with your router, Smart TV, Amazon Fire TV Stick, or game console.

Enjoy nonstop VPN protection wherever you go.

No Logs Policy

We never track, share, or sell your data. Our Romania HQ also protects you with strong privacy laws.

Strong Encryption

Hide your location and scramble your internet traffic with industry-leading encryption.

Large Server Fleet

Access your favorite content with our global servers across America, Europe, Africa, and Asia.

Fast Speeds

Stream live sports, watch movies, and play online games with blazing-fast speeds.

Money-Back Guarantee

Request a hassle-free refund within 45 days if you’re not 100% satisfied.

24/7 Support

Get in touch anytime over live chat or email. We guarantee a fast response in multiple languages.

Get CyberGhost VPN
CyberGhost VPN:
The One-Click Solution for All Your Privacy Needs
See More Features
See What Our Satisfied Users Think About Us

They are on top of everything going on in the VPN world. Here is what experts and happy users (Ghosties) think of CyberGhost VPN. Head over to Trustpilot to see all user reviews. (We sometimes pay expert sites to refer customers to us.)

See All Positive Reviews
Experts
Ghosties
Choose the plan that works for you

1 Month

₩ 15,300/mo

Autorenews at ₩ 15,300 monthly

Get 1 month plan

14-day money-back guarantee

 IMPORTANT!

The 28 MONTH plan includes the biggest savings and is fully refundable for 45 days.

Save 82%

2 Years

2 Years + 4 Months

₩ 2,830/mo

Billed ₩ 79,240 for first 28 months, then autorenews at ₩ 79,240 annually

Get 28 month plan

45-day money-back guarantee

 Smart Choice!

This deal offers the biggest savings and is fully refundable for 45 days!

6 Months

₩ 9,700/mo

Autorenews at ₩ 58,200 every 6 months

Get 6 month plan

45-day money-back guarantee

 IMPORTANT!

The 28 MONTH plan includes the biggest savings and is fully refundable for 45 days.

*All amounts shown are in South Korean Wons

Everything You Need in a VPN

VPN servers in 100 countries worldwide
Iron-clad encryption
DNS and IP leak protection
Automatic Kill Switch
OpenVPN, IKEv2, WireGuard® protocols
Strict No-Logs policy
Unlimited bandwidth and traffic
Fast VPN speeds
Up to 7 devices protected simultaneously
Apps for Windows, macOS, Android, iOS & more
24/7 live Customer Support service
45-day money-back guarantee
Download a VPN for All Your Devices Now!

Download VPN app on every device. Enjoy advanced security and privacy no matter where you are. Need to protect all gadgets in your household? Set up our VPN directly on your router to secure your Smart TV, game console, and IoT devices.

If you need a VPN for Chrome and Firefox, we have that too! Install our lightweight proxy extensions and start surfing with peace of mind.

If your device doesn’t natively support VPNs, use our Smart DNS feature and stream your favorite shows.

Supported on:

Windows
Amazon Fire TV
Android
Android TV
Apple TV
Console
Chrome
Firefox
iOS
Linux
macOS
Smart TVs

What Is a VPN?

A VPN, meaning a virtual private network, creates a secure tunnel between your device and the internet. A VPN service encrypts your traffic, protects your digital privacy by masking your IP address, and helps you stay safe on public Wi-Fi networks.

No one likes snooping, tracking, and censorship. That’s why it’s important to use a VPN every time you go online. Encryption prevents governments, advertisers, ISPs, and cybercriminals from collecting and sharing your personal data.

Consider a VPN the definition of an easy-to-use encryption tool designed to safeguard your digital identity.

Superior VPN Network

Is your VPN equipped with the best configuration to enjoy blazing-fast speeds and maximum security? If not, it’s time to switch teams.

A reliable VPN architecture includes top-notch hardware, server infrastructure, and protocols. CyberGhost VPN has invested in the latest hardware, and employs best-in-class VPN protocols: WireGuard®, OpenVPN, and IKEv2.

Go for the lightweight WireGuard® protocol to surf the internet at full speed and rely on OpenVPN for pesky network restrictions. IKEv2, which is based on the IP Security Architecture (IPSec) open framework, also gives you reliable, fast connections. Switch between our protocols to suit your needs.

Our 10 Gbps servers can easily handle 4K streaming without buffering or lag. All servers have unlimited bandwidth as we never impose caps on your connection.

How Does a VPN Work

A VPN works by masking your IP address and rerouting your internet traffic through an encrypted tunnel. To understand how a VPN works in your favor, first check what happens if you go online without one.


What happens if you don’t use a VPN?

Without a VPN, your IP address and internet traffic are visible to anyone interested in snooping on your personal information. Cybercriminals can easily steal your passwords, usernames, and financial transactions on public Wi-Fi.

Your internet freedom is also under attack when dealing with censorship and network blocks. System administrators can deny access to your favorite services (e.g. YouTube, Facebook, Instagram).


What happens if you use a VPN?

With a VPN, your IP address changes which helps keep you more anonymous. Your internet data is protected with strong encryption as soon as you connect to a VPN server.

Your online traffic goes through a secure, private tunnel that no one can access. Not even your ISP, cyber attackers, government authorities, or network administrators. This leaves you free to experience the internet as it’s meant to be — without restrictions.

Get CyberGhost VPN

6 Benefits of Using a VPN
Safeguard Your Privacy

When you use a VPN, websites and apps can’t track you across the internet. VPNs use encryption to prevent snoopers from eavesdropping on you.

Change Your Virtual Location

Your IP address uniquely identifies you. Using a VPN lets you change your IP, and makes it harder for others to pinpoint your real location.

Public Wi-Fi Protection

When you connect to public Wi-Fi, cybercriminals can easily intercept your personal data. CyberGhost VPN is your best choice to protect yourself from digital threats.

Decrease Gaming Lag

Using a gaming VPN online helps you minimize lag, lower ping, and boost connectivity. It protects you from DDoS attacks by concealing your IP address.

Stop ISP Throttling

ISPs often deliberately slow down your speeds when you’re streaming during peak hours. Using a VPN helps you put an end to ISP content-based throttling.

Shop the Best Deals

Some online stores show you higher prices based on your IP address. Save money on cheaper flights, hotels, rentals, and other online services with CyberGhost VPN.

Get CyberGhost VPN
Are VPNs Legal?

VPNs are legal in most parts of the world. Individual people, governments, and corporations use VPNs to protect sensitive information and prevent cyber attacks.

However, in countries with highly restrictive internet laws, you might only be allowed to use government-approved VPNs. It's always best to check local laws and regulations before traveling to a new country.

Note: We disallow using CyberGhost VPN to break the law. Illegal activity is still illegal, even if you’re under the protection of a VPN.

How to Choose the Best VPN for Yourself

When choosing the best VPN, consider the following factors:

Blazing Speeds

CyberGhost VPN stands out from the crowd with its ultra-fast servers located in 100 countries and unlimited bandwidth. Travel to any digital location with just one click and enjoy the best speeds.

Powerful Online Security

Safeguard your digital life with CyberGhost’s advanced security features. Encrypt your internet traffic with top-class 256-bit AES VPN encryption. Our DNS leak protection and Kill Switch features ensure your data never leaks.

VPN Service without Logs

Regain your digital privacy with the best No Logs VPN. CyberGhost VPN has a strict No Logs policy. We don’t track, store, or sell your information. Our systems have also been independently audited by Deloitte.

Split Tunneling

Split tunneling is a feature that lets you choose which apps and websites need VPN protection and which remain without encryption. Use CyberGhost’s split tunneling to secure only the internet traffic you want.

Dedicated IP

A dedicated IP is a unique IP address that belongs exclusively to you. Include a dedicated IP add-on to your CyberGhost subscription to securely access IP-restricted networks and bypass blocklists.

VPN Cost

CyberGhost is a premium VPN service with an unbeatable combination of state-of-the-art security and privacy features that can be bought for a low price. Try it risk-free with our 45-day money-back guarantee.

Get CyberGhost VPN
Can I Use a Free VPN?

Free VPNs impose limits on your bandwidth, resulting in slow speeds, endless buffering, and connection errors. They also have very few servers, so you might not even be able to connect to your chosen location. Free VPNs lack robust security settings, which puts your online data at risk. There’s also no support team to assist with troubleshooting.

Without a VPN, your IP address and internet traffic are visible to anyone interested in snooping on your personal information, including your ISP. This can include your browsing history, IP address, and other identifying information. Free VPNs may monetize your internet traffic by injecting targeted ads and spam into your browser, some of which can infect your device with malware.

A premium paid VPN service like CyberGhost gives you lighting-fast server connections, without any bandwidth caps. It secures all your internet traffic with strong encryption. It also has a 24/7 Customer Support team available via live chat and email.

FAQ

Does a VPN make you anonymous?

No VPN service can make you 100% anonymous online. In fact, there’s no software application that can guarantee such a thing.

CyberGhost VPN helps you browse the web with increased privacy, security, and anonymity. It prevents trackers from logging your IP address and snoopers from gathering details about your digital identity. If you look for extra privacy and security, you should use a VPN.

You can even pay anonymously for CyberGhost VPN using Bitcoin via BitPay. The only information you need to provide is an email address. This means, you never have to give up any personally identifiable information.

What does it mean to be a No Logs VPN?
Does a VPN slow down my internet connection?
What is the average cost of a VPN?
Can I be tracked using a VPN?
Should I always leave my VPN on?
Can I use a VPN on any device?
How do I get a VPN on my Chromebook for school?
Exclusive 45-Day Money-Back Guarantee

Not 100% satisfied with CyberGhost VPN? Contact us within 45 days of purchase and we will send you a full refund.

Get CyberGhost Risk-Free
5
Products
VPN for PC
VPN for Chrome
VPN for Mac
VPN for Android
VPN for Firefox
Apple TV VPN
VPN for Linux
Router VPN
VPN for Smart TV
VPN for iOS
Resources
What Is a VPN
Privacy Hub
Transparency Report
Privacy Tools
Money-Back Guarantee
VPN Features
VPN Servers
Glossary
Popular
CyberGhost VPN Reviews
VPN Free Trial
Download Now
Unblock Websites
Dedicated IP VPN
Stream with VPN
About CyberGhost
About CyberGhost
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Refer a friend T&C
Imprint
Programs
Affiliates
Influencers
Refer a Friend
Freedom
Vulnerability Disclosure Program
Partnerships
Support & Help
Product Guides
FAQs
Contact Support
Connect with us
© 2025 CyberGhost S.R.L.

Need Help? Chat with us!

Online