Responsive Theme - Fast, Customizable & Free WordPress Theme ↓ Skip to Main Content Main Navigation Menu Templates Features Plugins Responsive Plus Starter Templates Addons for Elementor Responsive Blocks Go Pro Blog Pricing Login Menu Off Canvas Menu Templates Features Plugins Responsive Plus Starter Templates Addons for Elementor Responsive Blocks Go Pro Blog Pricing Login CYBERCHIMPS RESPONSIVE THEME Responsive - Superfast, Fully Customizable & Free WordPress Theme Get Started Trusted By What is Cyberchimps Responsive Platform? Cyberchimps Responsive Platform is a complete solution for building your WordPress websites without writing any code. Whether you’re building websites with Elementor or native WordPress editor, you get all the essential plugins to launch your website in minutes. Customize Almost Everything Make your website look exactly the way you want. Customize layout, typography, colors and more with live preview. Header Options Create website headers by changing layouts, edit them to make header transparent, and create sticky header w/o CSS. Footer Options Easily customize your website footers, add copyright text, social sharing links, or easily add WordPress scroll to top button. Sidebar Options Easily edit WordPress sidebar alignments, add search bar, advertisements, recent articles, and CTA buttons. Blog & Archives Select from multiple WordPress blog layouts, single pages, posts, category archives, and set them from the customizer settings Fast Performance Responsive Theme loads websites faster compared to similar themes. It offers unparalled performance and ranks the top speed testing tools. Optimised Code Every line of Responsive Theme code is written with utmost care to match the coding standards set by WordPress Theme Codex. Pre-Built Websites Cut down your website designing time by 99%. Download designer-made websites from Responsive Starter Templates library. Live Customizations Visually view the changes on your website using the settings from the WordPress customizer without breaking workflow. Creative, Smarter and Faster Way of Building WordPress Websites Create and edit pre-built websites, Gutenberg templates and Elementor Sites in minutes with no compromise on performance. Layout Settings Choose how your website looks by controlling the layout of site container, pages, products and archive templates. Typography Use beautiful Google fonts stored locally and customize font-weights, sizes, and styles to engage readers. Unlimited Colors Make site elements visually attractive by customizing background, text, link, and button colors. Content Layouts Customize how your blog posts, archives and category pages look by changing the order of elements easily. Lightweight Responsive Theme requires less than 100 kb of resources as compared to 130s required by the other WordPress themes. Fully Responsive Responsive is the earliest theme to demonstrate the concept of responsive web design in WordPress themes. Get Started with Cyberchimps Responsive Theme. Responsive Theme comes with all the features, functionalities and plugins you need to launch your WordPress Business website. Buy Responsive Plus What Can You Do With Responsive Platform Responsive Platform is completely compatible and tested to work with top Page Builders, Forms, WooCommerce, Caching & SEO plugins. eCommerce Build fully functional eCommerce websites with WooCommerce, grow sales and increase your sales online. Small Business Create a business website in few clicks and go live with your brand on the internet in minutes. Blog Create a free blog and grow your audience, monetize your content. Portfolio You can attract new clients with your work if you increase your visibility. Complete Integration with Popular Plugins Responsive theme is completely compatible and tested to work with top Page Builders, Forms, WooCommerce, Caching & SEO plugins. LIGHTWEIGHT & CLEAN Gutenberg Blocks Experience the power of WordPress Gutenberg editor with Responsive Blocks. Build your business websites faster with WordPress full site editing feaures and free Gutenberg Blocks. What’s better? The plugin is free, compatible with popular WordPress themes, WooCommerce and other WordPress plugins. Blazing Fast Performance Search engines love fast loading websites. We designed Responsive Theme to load fast using minified assets, and optimized database queries. Infact, the codebase is not just valid, but uses best practice HTML/CSS to help search bots crawl your site easily. Speed Grade 0 Speed Score 0 % Performance Grade 0 WooCommerce Integration Responsive Theme offers deep integration with WooCommerce plugin so you can customize each and every aspect of your product pages. Create your own product page layout, typography, colors, live previews, and images! 20+ Modules to build fully functional Product pages. 40+ Pre-built WooCommerce Templates. 50+ Templates that can be used for specific kind of pages. 5+ WooCommerce Cart checkout options. Launch Websites with Pre-Built Websites & Starter Templates Eliminate time consuming website design process from scratch. Responsive Theme offers a wide library of fully-functional professionally built Responsive Starter Templates that you can import and launch your website in just a few clicks! Explore All Templates Who Can Benefit From Responsive Platform? Responsive Platform is completely compatible and tested to work with top Page Builders, Forms, WooCommerce, Caching & SEO plugins. Agency Owners Make Responsive Platform your customer acquisition strategy and save valuable capital in the process. Startups Make Responsive Platform your customer acquisition strategy and save valuable capital in the process. Bloggers Spend more time on growing your blog audience and less on building pages from scratch. Freelancers Build websites for your clients with readymade WordPress templates without hiring developers. Small Medium Businesses Outshine your competition with your entire website with Responsive Platform's easy to use plugins. Non Profit Organizations Use Cyberchimps platform to build Non Profit websites because it is most cost-effective solution. I have worked with Cyberchimps for the past 10 years. They have always produced and supported the highest quality solutions for WordPress developers. They continue to educate clients and developers. Thank You Cyberchimps. Dmathis17 WordPress.org User More Reasons to Choose Responsive Theme Cyberchimps Responsive Theme is not only limited to being fast, performance oriented and offering seamless user experience. Take a closer look at more irresistible features that come bundled with the core Responsive theme that too, free! Made for Page Builders​ Responsive Theme works fluently with leading page builder plugins. You can easily build beautiful pages with their drag and drop interface. SEO Friendly Markup Responsive Theme is built with best semantic practices and keeping search engines in mind. It supports all leading SEO plugins. Accessibility Ready Responsive Theme is accessibility ready and follows WCAG 2.0 standards. It meets the AA level which is essential for usability. Translation Ready Responsive Theme is easily translatable into any language with WPML and you can even create multilingual websites. Plugins Ready Responsive Theme is 100% Compatible with popular plugins like Contact form 7, Mailchimp, Yoast, WP Legal Pages Pro, and much more! Cross Browser Compatibility Responsive Theme is fully compatible with all popular browsers like Safari, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, and more. 38,597+ Responsive Theme Lovers & Counting... Developers, entrepreneurs, small business owners, and hobby users, everyone loves building websites using Cyberchimps Responsive Theme. Fast, easy-to-understand, freindly, nice and also very helpfull customer service, written in an easy to understand laungage! You get 7 outta 5 stars from my side. Knud K.Petersen wordpress.org user As a beginning WordPress developer I love this theme. It is easy to understand and it works like a charm on both mobile and desktop. Perfect. jeanettt wordpress.org user The theme can be configured wonderfully, runs stable, even with bbpress. I wouldn’t know anything to criticize. If it didn’t run so well, I wouldn’t have taken it, because I tried a good dozen. gr19rute wordpress.org user This Responsive theme shows up well on mobile phones. I am very well pleased. I will be upgrading soon to see more if the great features! mcnmmarketing wordpress.org user Very easy to use even for me (I’m no web designer). Wouldn’t use any other. mandyj58 wordpress.org user I use this theme pretty often, as it gives me what I need and a lot more. Super-flexible for many purposes and not least, it is responsive. 🙂 Hjorth007 wordpress.org user This Responsive Plus plugin is all you need to get started with amazing sites! Awesome templates and wonderful features. Thumbs up! ijike wordpress.org user Great, simple to use and clean theme! Struggled to make my last theme mobile-friendly, this one, straight away!! Thanks guys!! sonjaB wordpress.org user 1M+ Users Trust Responsive Theme for Websites Everything you need to start building your WordPress website. The Responsive Pro plugin adds more features to the free Responsive Theme. Additionally, Responsive Addons for Elementor plugin provides 50+ Elementor widgets to design your website. 4.8 510+ 5/5 Star Ratings      Rated 5 out of 5 Easily Build Effective Website: Quickly launch your site by importing a Responsive Starter Template. Craft powerful content with Responsive Blocks or Elementor Widgets. Extend your site’s superpowers with our plugins . Get premium support any time you need it. Cyberchimps Responsive Theme Responsive Addons for Elementor Responsive Blocks Plugin Responsive Plus - Starter Templates Ready to Launch Your WordPress Website? Ready to built your WordPress website with the fast and fully customizable website templates? Get started for free and extend the settings with easy affordable plans. Get Started Join Facebook Discuss ideas and help others Fast Support Got questions or need help? Documentation Articles that solve your issues Our Products Responsive Paid Plan Responsive Addons for Elementor Starter Templates Responsive Blocks WP Legal Pages GDPR Cookie Consent Powered by Responsive WordPress theme Our Products Responsive Paid Plan Responsive Addons for Elementor Starter Templates Responsive Blocks WP Legal Pages GDPR Cookie Consent Powered by Responsive WordPress theme RESOURCES Child Theme Generator Responsive Platform Learn Elementor Download Free Theme Brand Assets Testimonials Compare Astra/Kadence TrustPilot CCPA Video Tutorials RESOURCES Child Theme Generator Responsive Platform Learn Elementor Download Free Theme Brand Assets Testimonials Compare Astra/Kadence TrustPilot CCPA Video Tutorials FEATURES WooCommerce Header Footer Builder Site Builder FEATURES WooCommerce Header Footer Builder Site Builder Company About Pricing Blog Affiliate Program Contact Us Terms of Service GDPR Privacy Policy GDPR Cookie Policy Company About Pricing Blog Affiliate Program Contact Us Terms of Service GDPR Privacy Policy GDPR Cookie Policy Support Login What’s New Documentation Request Support Video Tutorials Refund Policy Service Discount Coupon Bug Bounty Program Support Login What’s New Documentation Request Support Video Tutorials Refund Policy Service Discount Coupon Bug Bounty Program Copyright © 2010-2025 CyberChimps Copyright © 2010-2025 CyberChimps Top Top Constructive Blocks Advanced Heading Block Section Block Advanced Columns Block Pricing List Block Pricing Table Block Flip Box Block Info Block Image Slider Block Post and Page Grid Block Post Carousel Block Icon List Block Table of Content Team Block Shape Divider Block Masonry Block Portfolio Block Accordion Block Divider Block Video Popup Block Card Block Spacer Block Google Map Block Block Quote Expand Image Hotspot Instagram Feed Block Image Boxes Block Testimonial Block Advanced Text Block Testimonial Slider Block Feature Grid Block Inline Notice Block WP Search Block Social Share Block Tabs Block Progress Bar Block Call/Mail Button Anchor Block Gutenberg Image Block – Responsive Block Contact Form 7 Styler Timelines Count Up Gutenberg Countdown Block Content Timeline Post Timeline Block CRO Multi Buttons Blocks Call To Action Block 🎉 Use code XMAS40 to get 40% Off! Claim 40% Off