Cyberduck | Libre server and cloud storage browser for Mac and
            Windows with support for FTP, SFTP, WebDAV, Amazon S3, OpenStack Swift, Backblaze B2, Microsoft Azure &
            OneDrive, Google Drive and Dropbox Cyberduck | Libre server and cloud storage browser for Mac and
            Windows with support for FTP, SFTP, WebDAV, Amazon S3, OpenStack Swift, Backblaze B2, Microsoft Azure &
            OneDrive, Google Drive and Dropbox × Download Mountain Duck available from mountainduck.io to mount any remote server storage as a local disk in the Finder.app on Mac and the File Explorer on Windows . Toggle navigation Changelog Cryptomator Help Connection Profiles Blog Protocols FTP SFTP WebDAV SMB Nextcloud & ownCloud Amazon S3 Google Storage OpenStack Swift Microsoft Azure Microsoft OneDrive Microsoft SharePoint Dropbox Google Drive Box Wasabi Backblaze B2 DRACOON Files.com Spectra BlackPearl iRODS Local Filesystem Download Donate Download for macOS or Windows Cyberduck is a libre server and cloud storage browser for Mac and Windows with support for FTP , SFTP , WebDAV , Amazon S3 , OpenStack Swift , Backblaze B2 , Microsoft Azure & OneDrive , Google Drive and Dropbox . Cyberduck Mountain Duck CLI Connecting to every server. With an easy-to-use interface, connect to servers, enterprise file sharing and cloud storage. You can find connection profiles for popular hosting service providers. FTP A widely tested FTP (File Transfer Protocol) implementation for the best interoperability with support for FTP over secured SSL/TLS connections. SFTP With support for strong ciphers, public key and two factor authentication. Read settings from your existing OpenSSH configuration. WebDAV With interoperability for ownCloud, box.com, Sharepoint and BigCommerce and many other WebDAV servers. TLS mutual (two-way) authentication with client certificate. SMB Access Windows File Shares or a Samba Linux Server. OpenStack Swift Connect to Rackspace Cloudfiles or any other OpenStack Swift cloud storage providers. Google Cloud Storage Connect to buckets in Google Cloud Storage and configure as a website endpoint. S3 Connect to any Amazon S3 storage region with support for large file uploads. Azure Access Microsoft Azure Cloud storage on your desktop. Backblaze B2 Mount the low cost cloud storage on your desktop. DRACOON Version 6 Enterprise cloud service made in Germany. Box Version 8.2 Leading organizations secure their data with Box. Nextcloud Version 7 Connect to your own on-premise Nextcloud installation with ease. Create share links and view and revert previous versions. Google Drive Access Google Drive without synchronising documents to your local disk. With URL reference files on mounted volume to open Google Docs documents in the web browser. Dropbox Access Dropbox without synchronising documents to your local disk. OneDrive Version 6 Connect OneDrive Personal, OneDrive Business and Sharepoint Online. Files.com Version 7 Fast, affordable, and available in 7 worldwide regions. ownCloud Version 7 Support for ownCloud Infinite Scale with authentication using OpenID Connect. Create share links and view and revert previous versions. Cryptomator. Client side encryption with Cryptomator interoperable vaults to secure your data on any server or cloud storage. Version 6 Filename Encryption File and directory names are encrypted, directory structures are obfuscated. File Content Encryption Every file gets encrypted individually. Secure and Trustworthy with Open Source No backdoors. No registration or account required. Edit any file with your preferred editor. To edit files, a seamless integration with any external editor application makes it easy to change content quickly. Edit any text or binary file on the server in your preferred application. Share files. Web URL Quickly copy or open the corresponding HTTP URLs of a selected file in your web browser. Includes CDN and pre-signed URLs for S3. Distribute your content in the cloud. Both Amazon CloudFront and Akamai content delivery networks ( CDN ) can be easily configured to distribute your files worldwide from edge locations. Connect to any server using FTP, SFTP or WebDAV and configure it as the origin of a new Amazon CloudFront CDN distribution. Amazon CloudFront Manage custom origin, basic and streaming CloudFront distributions. Toggle deployment, define CNAMEs, distribution access logging and set the default index file. First class bookmarking. Organize your bookmarks with drag and drop and quickly search using the filter field. Files Drag and drop bookmarks to the Finder.app and drop files onto bookmarks to upload. Spotlight Spotlight Importer for bookmark files. History History of visited servers with timestamp of last access. Import Import Bookmarks from third-party applications. Browse with ease. Browse and move your files quickly in the browser with caching enabled for the best performance. Works with any character encoding for the correct display of Umlaute, Japanese and Chinese. Quick Look Quickly preview files with Quick Look. Press the space key to preview files like in Finder.app without explicitly downloading. Accessible The outline view of the browser allows to browse large folder structures efficiently. Cut & paste or drag & drop files to organize. Transfer anything. Limit the number of concurrent transfers and filter files using a regular expression. Resume both interrupted download and uploads. Recursively transfer directories. Download and Upload Drag and drop to and from the browser to download and upload. Copy Copy files directly between servers. Synchronization Synchronize local with remote directories (and vice versa) and get a preview of affected files before any action is taken. Integration with system technologies. A native citizen of Mac OS X and Windows. Notification center, Gatekeeper and Retina resolution. Keychain All passwords are stored in the system Keychain as Internet passwords available also to third party applications. Certificates are validated using the trust settings in the Keychain. Bonjour Auto discovery of FTP & WebDAV services on the local network. Finder Use Cyberduck as default system wide protocol handler for FTP and SFTP. Open .inetloc files and .duck bookmark files from the Finder. Notifications Notifications in system tray (Windows) and the Notification Center (Mac). Windows Reads your proxy configuration from network settings. Encrypts passwords limiting access to your account. We are open. Licensed under the GPL . Come in. You can follow the daily development activity, have a look at the roadmap and grab the source code on GitHub . We contribute to other open source projects including OpenStack Swift Client Java Bindings , Rococoa Objective-C Wrapper and SSHJ . International. Speaks your language. English, čeština, Nederlands, Suomi, Français, Deutsch, Italiano, 日本語, 한국어, Norsk, Slovenčina, Español, Português (do Brasil), Português (Europeu), 中文 (简体), 正體中文 (繁體), Русский, Svenska, Dansk, Język Polski, Magyar, Bahasa Indonesia, Català, Cymraeg, ภาษาไทย, Türkçe, Ivrit, Latviešu Valoda, Ελληνικά, Cрпски, ქართული ენა, Slovenščina, Українська, Română, Hrvatski & Български език. Follow Us! Newsletter You can subscribe to the Cyberduck-news mailing list to get a notification when a new version is released. Subscribe Community Help Discuss features and issues you are having with the community. Toots in 🦣 Fediverse GitHub | License | Acknowledgements | Copyright 2025 iterate GmbH | Privacy Policy