Cybernet – Total Quality Network Skip to content Sales: 111-44-55-66 Support: 111-56-56-56 Email: info@cyber.net.pk Solutions Carrier Optical Fiber Backhaul Satellite Backhaul Global MPLS Enterpise Multi-home Internet Branch Office Connectivity Campus LAN Cloud Powered Hosting Clear Voice Data Center Services Helpdesk Management Service Provider Wholesale Internet Dark Fiber Small Medium Business High Speed Internet Web Presence and Email Products Fixed Line Cyber ION™ ION GPON ION Metro Ethemet ION Dark Fiber Overhead Fiber Wireless And VSAT Radio Hub Based VSAT SCPC VSAT Leased Circuits And MPLS International Private Leased Circuit Domestic MPLS Data Center Hosting Colocation Disaster Recovery Solutions Cloud Powered Hosting RapidCompute™ Cloud IaaS Multi-Hypervisor Range Titanium Domain Registration Managed Services Infrastructure Services Fiber Deployment Fiber Network O&M BTS Management Campus Backbone and LAN Network Management WAN Management LAN Administration Helpdesk Services Managed Security Services DDoS Mitigation Firewall Management Botnet Detection & Removal Sales & Support Service Desk Technical Assistance Center Technical Account Management Sales Account Management Request Call Back Company About Cybernet Careers LABS Quick Service Cyber Mail Service Ticket News Search for: Contact Us Sales: 111-44-55-56 Support: 111-56-56-56 Email: info@cyber.net.pk Beyond Enterprise Broadband A Total Quality Network For Your Organization Beyond Enterprise Broadband A Total Quality Network For Your Organization A Total Quality Network For Your Organization Beyond Enterprise Broadband Cybernet offers a Global MPLS solution through peering arrangements with a diverse set of international partners from all over the world. Our unmatched connectivity comes with a set of performance standards like managed latency, dedicated bandwidth and robust QoS that will truly add value to your business. ION is Cybernet’s state of the art buried fiber optics network. Built with local conditions and best in class standards in mind, Cyber ION offers bandwidths from 1Mbps to 1Gbps per port. With Cyber ION, your organization can invest in a truly future proof network. ClearVoice is one of the most reliable methods of communication within, and outside the organization. Under ClearVoice, we’re offering various enterprise voice solutions such as Landline, PRI, SIP Trunk and other Value Added Services. Backed By Our Dedicated Sales Team Our sales teams will ensure that your business’ technology needs are met with the latest and most effective solutions from Cybernet. Your Sales Account Manager will champion your business’ requirements within Cybernet and work with various technical teams to propose crisp solutions that provide you the best fit in terms of technology, reliability and value. Tehnologies & Products Fixed Line Wireless and VSAT Leased Circuits and MPLS Data Center Hosting Cloud Powered Hosting Managed Services Infrastructure Services Network Management Managed Security Services Sales & Support Service Desk Technical Assistance Center Technical Account Management Sales Account Management Company About Cybernet Careers Labs Quick Service Cyber Mail Service Ticket © 2016 Cybernet is a registered trademark of Cyber Internet Services Private Ltd. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy This website uses cookies. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie & Privacy policy. Close GDPR Cookie Banner Accept Reject Close GDPR Cookie Banner Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Settings