Cyrisma - Identify and Reduce Cyber Risk Platform Solutions Vulnerability Management Data Discovery Compliance Management Resources Blog Partner Portal Case Studies Resource Center Guides Whitepapers Videos Company About Events News Careers Trust Center Login Get a Demo Platform Solutions Vulnerability Management Data Discovery Compliance Management Resources Blog Partner Portal Case Studies Resource Center Company About Events News Careers Trust Center Login Get a Demo The one platform to identify and reduce cyber risk​ Cyrisma brings together the data, tools, and workflows you need to reduce risk, get compliant, and drive business resiliency – all in one place.​ Start for free Watch a Demo 4.6 / 5 4.7 Rating on Gartner 4.5 / 5 Trusted by 3,000+ organizations Manage cyber risk from end-to-end Vulnerability Management Data Classification Attack Surface Management Compliance Management 01 Risk-based Vulnerability Management Mitigate real threats faster by focusing on what matters most. Use contextual risk scoring to prioritize high-risk vulnerabilities, reduce noise, and enable quicker and more effective remediation. Get a Demo Learn more 02 Data Discovery and Classification Discover, classify, and protect sensitive data across every environment. Automatically locate, classify, and assess exposure of regulated information - on-prem or in the cloud - to keep clients secure and compliant without complex tools or manual audits. Get a Demo Learn more 03 Attack Surface Management Gain full visibility into your attack surface to manage and reduce risk. Get a demo Learn more 03 Compliance Management Stay audit-ready and demonstrate compliance with less effort. Cyrisma automatically maps risks and findings to major frameworks - helping MSPs generate compliance assessments and reports, demonstrate value, and build recurring compliance services. Get a Demo Learn more Users love us Category Leader in Vulnerability Assessment & Management 92% of customers recommend Cyrisma Trusted by security leaders “Cyrisma gives us the tools we need to deliver our customers relevant, high-quality security outcomes. It’s a comprehensive security and business resiliency platform that outperforms other solutions at this end of the market.” — Reg Harnish, CEO of OrbitalFire Read full story “Cyrisma is a key enabler for organizations beginning their GRC and security maturity journey. At Securicom, we use it to help our clients automate compliance tracking, reduce technology overlap, and create visibility into root causes of risk across their environment.” — Michael Morton, Managing Director at Securicom Read full story “Cyrisma is the only security suite on the market that offers out of the box Data Discovery (DLP), Vulnerability Assessment, and Server Configuration Monitoring. The platform is cost effective for clients with on-premises, hybrid or cloud infrastructure requiring these core capabilities. For us, it’s Cyrisma all the way.” — Joe Morin, CEO at CyFlare Read full story Events, updates and resources View all Guides Dec 15, 2025 Guide: Vulnerability Prioritization Best Practices Learn how security service providers can effectively prioritize vulnerabilities for many clients using a risk-based approach and key best practices. Blog Apr 22, 2025 Cybersecurity: 2025 Industry Trends and Emerging Threats As organizations formally embrace AI in 2025, they are also tackling related cybersecurity challenges like shadow AI, inadvertent data exposure, and more sophisticated AI-driven threats. Additionally, security and risk management teams continue to deal with supply chain threats and fragmented compliance requirements that are only getting more complex with time. Blog Apr 2, 2025 Cybersecurity Platformization: The Benefits for MSPs In this article, we’ll explore the benefits of cybersecurity tool consolidation and how an integrated platform with a global dashboard enables MSPs to manage multiple clients effectively, detect industry-wide patterns, and enhance overall cyber resilience. Turn Risk and Compliance Into Revenue Get a Demo Frequently asked questions What is Cyrisma? Cyrisma is a unified cyber risk and compliance platform for MSPs to identify and reduce cyber risk. It combines vulnerability management, attack surface monitoring, data discovery, secure baseline configuration, and compliance tracking into a single lightweight, easy-to-use solution. Who is Cyrisma designed for? Cyrisma is purpose-built for Managed Service Providers (MSPs) and Managed Security Service Providers (MSSPs) that want to turn risk and compliance into revenue. Using Cyrisma, they can ensure seamless service delivery, simplify operations, scale security offerings, and increase profitability without too many tools or tech fatigue. How quickly can I get started? Cyrisma’s cloud-based deployment and lightweight agent mean you can onboard new clients in minutes. You can start scanning and generating reports for your clients the same day you sign up. How is Cyrisma different? Unlike other cybersecurity tools, Cyrisma consolidates multiple security functions into one platform built specifically for the channel - multi-tenant, cost-efficient, and easy to deploy across dozens and hundreds of clients. Does Cyrisma replace my existing vulnerability or compliance tools? Yes - Cyrisma can replace multiple standalone tools for vulnerability scanning, asset inventory, data discovery, and compliance tracking. Most partners report a 40% reduction in tooling costs after adopting Cyrisma. Partners Designed by The Branx Solution Platform Vulnerability Management Data Discovery Compliance Management Resources Blog Case Studies Resource Center Company About Events News Careers Contact Trust Center Contact us 510 Clinton Square,  Rochester, New York, USA. 14604 info@cyrisma.com 1-585-620-2496 Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Cyrisma. All rights reserved.