Skip to main content
Menu
Cybersecurity
 Products
Resources
Support
CIRA Cyber Stack

Respond to rising threats with layered Canadian protection

No single solution can stop every attack. Discover how you can secure every level of your organization’s digital environment with CIRA Cyber Stack.

Get in touch
Learn more
Stack the odds in your favour

Malicious actors are always looking for cracks. The more security layer you have, the stronger your defences. CIRA Cyber Stack combines multiple cybersecurity solutions, giving your organization maximum protection to handle even the most sophisticated attacks. Learn why CIRA Cyber Stack stands out:

Book a call
Easy to implement

Spend less time setting up and administering tools and more time on other critical tasks.

Layered cybersecurity approach

We design solutions to fit seamlessly into your existing tools, providing robust protection and reinforcement.

For Canadians, by Canadians

Unique solutions for our specific cybersecurity context with profits reinvested into making the internet a better place better for all Canadians.

Multiple layers, one lens

Designed to reduce cybersecurity-induced headaches, our new portal­­—CIRA Hub—lets you easily track trends, alerts, threats and action items from your products in one place. 

 

.

Discover the CIRA Cyber Stack
Advanced threat detection and response

CIRA XDR

CIRA XDR offers Canadian organizations a professional-grade, threat detection and response solution. Designed to be fully customizable, it integrates seamlessly with your tech stack, is cost-effective and ensures regulatory compliance. Plus, enjoy the benefit of community-driven support and robust security.

Learn more

Reinforce your human cybersecurity layer

Cybersecurity Awareness Training

CIRA Cybersecurity Awareness Training is an all-in-one platform designed to reduce organizations’ human cybersecurity risks. The platform features risk assessment tools, relevant and bilingual courses, an automated phishing engine and user-friendly reporting tools to affect positive behavioural changes.

Learn more

Stop malware and ransomware

CIRA DNS Firewall

CIRA DNS Firewall adds a cost-effective, low-maintenance layer to your cybersecurity footprint. By monitoring and analyzing your DNS traffic, DNS Firewall can block users from accessing malicious websites, prevent phishing attacks and even stop malware already on your network from accessing the internet.

Learn more

Protect against any DDoS Attack

CIRA Anycast DNS

CIRA Anycast DNS is a comprehensive DNS service that has a global footprint and an unparalleled presence inside Canada. At these locations, it’s close to Canadian population hubs and connected to well-peered internet exchange points (IXPs). This architecture improves performance, increases resilience and helps mitigate DDoS attacks.

Learn more

Fast and resilient global DNS service for top-level domains (TLDs)

CIRA TLD Anycast

Hosting more than 520 TLDs, including ccTLDs for 38 countries, CIRA TLD Anycast supports more than 50 million domains globally. With infrastructure present across six continents; and with more than 9,200 peering relationships, TLD Anycast queries stay close to the origin, resulting in the fastest response and an uninterrupted user experience.

Learn more

 

 

Why choose CIRA?
Because we’re Canada’s cybersecurity provider.

Evolving threat protection
Cyber threats are constantly evolving but so are our solutions. We ensure robust protection for Canadian organizations in today’s ever-changing security landscape.

User friendly
We design our solutions to be easily manageable, allowing admins to spend their time performing other crucial tasks. Our friendly Canadian support team is also available any time you need help.

Fits neatly into your cybersecurity stack
Our solutions are unparalleled, designed with compatibility top of mind,  and seamlessly fit in most tech stacks. Whether you’re working in the latest cloud technology or with legacy systems, our cybersecurity solutions are built to adapt and protect.

Trusted by
Previous
Next

We don’t stop at cybersecurity; we look at the big picture.

Explore the good things our not-for-profit is doing for Canada’s internet! ↓
Net Good by CIRA
Building a safer internet for Canadians

Using revenue generated by our cybersecurity and domain services, CIRA supports projects, communities and policies that aim to make the internet a better—and safer—place for all Canadians.

 

Learn more about our grant projects
CIRA Canadian Shield
Free protected DNS for all Canadians

Protect your family with the same advanced technology that protects Canadian organizations—for free. CIRA Canadian Shield double checks to see if websites are malicious and if we know they are, we’ll stop you from visiting them.

The service is completely free, meaning no advertising, no tracking and no reselling your data to others.

 

Get Canadian shield
Let’s get in touch!

In-person or virtually

↗

Digitally

↗

We’re located at

Canadian Internet Registration Authority (CIRA)
319 McRae Avenue, Suite 700
Ottawa, Ontario
K1Z 0B9
Français

SERVICES

.CA Domains
Cybersecurity
Net Good
Registry

RESOURCES

Support
Policies
News
Membership
Brand standards
Stock images

CONNECT WITH US

Threads 
Bluesky 
Facebook 
Instagram 
LinkedIn 
Mastodon 
TikTok 
YouTube 
RESOURCES

Stay up to date with the latest news with documents.

READ
SUPPORT

Need assistance about a service or product?

READ
3,480,613
Domains registered
Register your .CA
2025 © Canadian Internet Registration Authority (CIRA)
Privacy policy
Terms of Use
Website by Locomotive