Skip to content
D3
Search
K
7.9.0
GitHub️ 111.9k

The JavaScript library for bespoke
 data visualization

Create custom dynamic visualizations with unparalleled flexibility

Get started
What is D3?
Examples
Selections and transitions

Create, update, and animate the DOM based on data without the overhead of a virtual DOM.

Scales and axes

Encode abstract data into visual values such as position, size, and color. Explain position encodings with axes.

Shapes

Render arcs, areas, curves, lines, links, pies, stacks, symbols… and any geometric primitive you might need to visualize data.

Interactions

Facilitate exploration with reusable interactive behaviors, including panning, zooming, brushing, and dragging.

Layouts

Treemaps, trees, force-directed graphs, Voronoi, contours, chords, circle-packing… a library of layout algorithms at the ready.

Geographic maps

More spherical projections than you can shake a stick at, with arbitrary aspects, adaptive sampling, and flexible clipping.

… and much more!

CSV parsing, localized date parsing and formatting, color spaces, calendar math, statistics, and can I stop listing features now?

Powering Observable Plot

The D3 team also builds Observable Plot, a high-level API for quick charts built on top of D3.

Try Observable Plot

Built by Observable

D3 is developed by Observable, the platform for collaborative data analysis.

Visit Observable

Build your best work with D3 on Observable
The only data workflow platform capable of supporting the full power of D3
Connect to your data instantly
Pull live data from the cloud, files, and databases into one secure place — without installing anything, ever.
Code faster than you thought possible
Get everything you need and none of what you don’t with lightweight automatic versioning, instant sharing, and real-time multiplayer editing.
Accelerate your team’s analysis
Create a home for your team’s data analysis where you can spin up charts, maps, and data apps to explore, analyze, and iterate on together.
Build with D3 on Observable →
Resources
Forum
Slack
Discussions
Releases
Observable
Product
Plot
Integrations
Pricing
Enterprise
© 2025 Mike Bostock and Observable, Inc.
ISC License