Reliable Unlimited Domain cPanel Web Hosting | D9 Hosting Sales: 0844 88 43 400 (9am til 5pm GMT, Mon - Fri) login Toggle navigation Hosting Shared Web Hosting Premium SSD Hosting Multi Site Hosting SSD Multi Site Hosting Reseller Hosting SSD Reseller Hosting Servers Virtual Private Servers US Dedicated Servers UK Dedicated Servers EU Dedicated Servers Email Hosted Exchange Cloud Email Spam Filter Domains Domain Availability Checker Transfer a Domain Name Identity Protect Service Other Services Website Firewall & CDN Malware Removal Service Free Website Transfers Free SSL Certificates Automated Cloud Backups Hosting Affiliate Programme Support Submit Ticket Knowledgebase Video Tutorials Network Issues We Include Bags of Free Stuff in Every Hosting Plan FREE SSL Certificates FREE Daily Malware Scans FREE Website Transfers View Hosting Plans But That’s Not all That Makes D9 Hosting Different! D9 Hosting was founded in 2007 by long time business partners Dan Thompson and Paula Brett with the goal of providing rock solid Web Hosting with friendly, personable support. Fast forward to the present day and our values remain the same. We are proud to offer fast, secure, reliable web hosting backed up by our awesome 24/7 technical support team. When you choose to host your websites with D9 Hosting you don't just become another customer number to keep the bean counters happy, you become a valued member of our hosting family. So if you’re Ready to Become a Member of the Team, Choose Your Hosting Plan Web Hosting Perfect for home and small
              business users. From $3.48 details Reseller Hosting Perfect for web designers and developers. From $13.80 details Virtual servers Perfect for users that need more control. From $42.67 details Dedicated servers Perfect for high traffic websites that need ultimate uptime. From $138.24 details Not Sure which plan is right for your? Talk to us Just Looking To Buy A New Domain Name? .com .net .org .biz .info .us .name .co.uk .org.uk .me.uk .tv .ws .mobi .me .asia .eu .in .org.in .co.in .co .ca .de .com.au .net.au .es Search $12.79 $9.99 $17.99 $14.99 $24.99 $15.99 All Hosting accounts come with the following as standard 24/7 Tech Support We're incredibly proud of the support that we provide here at D9 Hosting, if you take a look at any of our client testimonials you'll notice our support team is often praised. No matter how big or small your problem, a member of our Technical Support team will answer your support query within 1 hour, 24/7/365! 99.9% Uptime We know it's a nightmare when your websites and emails go down! That's why we only use tier 4 datacenters in our USA and UK locations backed up with true, around the clock, 24/7 support. In the unlikely event that something does go wrong, we are always on hand to get things back up and running ASAP. Bags of free stuff Everyone loves a freebie and we're no different. We're delighted to offer unlimited free comodo SSL certificates, free website transfers, free daily malware scans, free website building tools, free 24/7 technical support and free wordpress (best effort) support on all of our web hosting plans. Ultra Fast Servers A slow website is an huge cause of visitor churn so it's vital that your website loads as quickly as possible. That's why we run server grade hardware with CloudLinux + LiteSpeed API on all of our servers to make your websites load quicker than the competition. All of our servers come equipped with powerful AMD Ryzen CPUs with a MINIMUM clock speed of 3.6Ghz along with NVME drives. Wordpress support Wordpress is the world's most popular website building tool and with an huge percentage of our Clients using it, we've become pretty adept at helping to solve issues that crop up from time to time. We're on hand 24/7/365 to provide best effort support for your Wordpress hosting issues. We also utilize CPUs with high clock speeds to ensure your Wordpress installation runs like the clappers! View Hosting Plans or Talk to Sales Our Customer Testimonials Frequently asked questions (FAQ) Where are your servers located? We currently provide shared hosting services out of the USA (New Jersey) and UK (Coventry). We are able to provide Cloud VPS and Dedicated Servers in more specific regions if required, including Singapore, Japan and central Europe. We have full remote KVM access to all servers and have direct access to onsite technicians should servers ever need to be physically checked by a human. Who are D9 Hosting? D9 Hosting was founded in 2007 by Dan Thompson and Paula Brett. We initially started trading as sole traders but as the business grew quickly we formed the company "D9 Solutions Limited" and have been trading under this name ever since. Our UK company number is 06879688 and our VAT Registration Number is 128 8364 88. I live in Timbuktu, can I host my site with you? Yes! We currently host websites for clients in over 55 countries and we would be delighted to add Timbuktu to the list to make it 56! But in all seriousness, even though D9 Solutions Limited is a UK based company, we are available 24/7/365 so you will receive the same levels of support and service regardless of your geographic location or timezone. What is best effort Wordpress support? Over the years we have become experts in handling Wordpress support requests, so we are happy to help all clients with basic Wordpress issues on a best effort basis. This includes the troubleshooting of common issues such as error messages, pages not loading, being locked out of the admin area and so on. What it doesn't cover is helping with the desigining of your Wordpress websites or adding/editing content on the sites. If you have a specific Wordpress problem but are unsure if this would be covered by our best effort Wordpress support then please don't hesitate to get in touch with us. Latest From Our Hosting Blog Hostgator stops selling reseller plans D9 Hosting SPF, DKIM, DMARC Records and Google D9 Hosting Block XMLRPC and WP-LOGIN abuse with Cloudflare D9 Hosting HOSTING LINKS Shared Web Hosting SSD Web Hosting Reseller Hosting SSD Reseller Hosting Multi Site Hosting Premium Multi Site Hosting Virtual Private Servers US Dedicated Servers UK Dedicated Servers Amsterdam Dedicated Servers Free Comodo SSL Certificates Free Website Transfers Web Hosting Price Match Offer Our Network Domain Names Domain Name Registration Bulk Domain Registration Domain Name Transfer Bulk Domain Name Transfer ID Protect Domain Name Reseller Account HELP & SUPPORT Submit Ticket Knowledgebase Server Information Network Status Other Stuff About Us Testimonials Affiliate Program Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Acceptable Use Policy Site Map Copyright D9 Solutions Ltd 2025, Registered In England & Wales. Company Number: 06879688. VAT Registration Number: 128 8364 88. All Prices Exclude VAT. Contact Details