Daffodil International University | DIU DIU News Forum Students Parents Teachers Alumni Administration Help Desk Sitemap Admissions Admission Informations Admission Admission Test Result Admission Contact Programs Apply Online Guidelines Admission Eligibility Admission Process Admission Checklist and Documents Credit Transfer Guidelines Guidelines for Guardians Fees and Funding Tuition Fees for Local Students Tuition Fees for International Students Payment Guidelines for All Students Scholarships for Local Students Scholarships for International Students Waiver & Tuition Fee Calculator Financial Aid & Scholarship Life Insurance Academics Faculty Directory Faculties and Departments Deans & Heads Associate Deans & Heads Faculty Members International Advisor Visiting Professors Academics IQAC Handbook for Academic Administration Academia Lecture Series Non Resident Daffodil Alumni Industrial Innovation Centre BSCIC Industrial Support Centre Certificate Verification Blockchain Powered Certificate Verification Our Institutions Students' Affairs Human Resource Development Institute Career Development Center Daffodil Institute of languages Daffodil Institute of Social Sciences Daffodil Islamic Center Daffodil Angel's Day Care Campus Campus Activities Notice Board Student Activities Campus Life Virtual Tour Campus TV Campus Radio Industrial Linkage Delegates Abroad CSR Activities Corona updates Facilities Residential Facilities Transport Facilities Lab Facility Gymnasium DIU Medical Center PC Purchase Schemes Alumni Career Destinations Extra Curricular Activities DIU Clubs Safety and Security Students Library Academic Guidelines Academic Calendar Semester Schedules DIU Blended Learning Center Student Portal Google Classroom Research Research Division of Research Sustainability Wing (SW) Research Projects Journals Science & Technology Business & Entrepreneurship Humanities & Social Sciences Emerging Global Health (JEGH) Institutional Digital Repository (DSpace) Initiatives Green Campus Daffodil Agro Complex Pilot Training 6 Aircraft International International Admission International Contact Tuition Fees (Int) Scholarships (Int) International Alumni Policy for Int. Student Guidelines for International Students International Affairs Membership Partners International MoU International Event Apply: Incoming Student Exchange Apply: Outgoing Student Exchange Collaborations International Linkage Featured Partner APSP 2026 International Conferences International Internship Program (IIP) Volunteer Internship Program (VIP) About About Us DIU at a glance Why DIU Stands Out Unseen Pillars of DIU History DIU Vision and Mission Ranking DIU’s Leadership Chancellor Chairman Vice-Chancellor Pro Vice-Chancellor Chairman Message VC Message Administration Directory Governing Bodies Board of Trustees Syndicate Academic Council Offices Office of the Registrar Office of the Examinations Office of the Proctor Covid-19 updates Forum Students Faculty Alumni Administration Help Desk A-Z Index Library Admission Photo Notice AOL ERP DIL CDC News IQAC HRDI Skill Jobs Apply Online Library Admission Photo Notice AOL ERP DIL CDC IQAC HRDI Skill Jobs Landmark to create the future Excellence in teaching, learning, and research Transform your life with endless opportunities Be inspired by the diverse community Discover yourself for lifetime success Apply Now Apply Now The most anticipated ceremony of the Graduates 12th Convocation of Daffodil International University held on 8th February, 2025 Read More × DIU new site launch Daffodil International University is getting ready to release a new website! Explore New Website Early! Please note: This is a beta release! Minor bugs are expected. We welcome feedback! 12th Convocation, DIU Date: 08 February 2025 Learn More Admission We have students coming from different backgrounds, cultures, and nationalities as well.
                            More than 500 international students are enrolled in various programs. Programs We are offering 51 undergraduate and graduate programs under 31 departments. Our
                            curriculum is designed to help students to develop the skills required for
                            21st-century employment. Tuition Fees We offer affordable tuition fees for students with the option to pay them in multiple
                            installments to create convenience for students. Scholarship We make sure all our students get the help they need to complete the degree. Scholarships
                            are available for students with excellent academic results as well as for the students
                            who are struggling financially. What We Offer At Daffodil International University, students get the opportunity to think, learn and grow. Accommodation We are providing a secure and convenient living facility for our students. DIU dormitories are a home away from home.... Transportation To make the student’s life easier and safe, we are providing 50+ buses from different points of Dhaka city to..... Library DIU library has a collection of over 50000 books, journals, and research papers, enriching the resources day by day.... One student one laptop Under the ‘One student one laptop’ project, DIU has distributed over 25000 f... Blended Learning Platform To engage students in learning after face-to-face classes, our faculty members and students collaborate in the online... Sports Club & Gymnasium To ensure the mental and physical well-being of our students and employees, we are providing a well-equipped gymnasiu... Daffodil International University: Top-Ranked IT, Engineering, Business, Entrepreneurship and Health Sciences Programs Welcome to Daffodil International University, renowned for its top-ranked programs in IT, Engineering, Business, Entrepreneurship, and Health Sciences in Bangladesh. Our commitment to academic excellence and innovative research prepares students for successful careers in a global market. With state-of-the-art facilities, experienced faculty, and a vibrant campus life, DIU offers a transformative educational experience. Explore our diverse degree programs, learn about our admissions process, and discover why DIU is the ideal choice for your higher education journey. Join us and become a part of our thriving academic community. 0 Programs 0 Alumni 0 Research Visit Our Campus Virtually Our Faculties To help you build your career and accomplish your goal, we are offering 51 undergraduate and
                    master's programs under 6 faculties. Science and Information Technology A degree from SCIENCE AND IT will transform your life for the better. We are inviting you to prepare yourself for the fourth industrial revolution which is already happening. Apply now Business & Entrepreneurship Do you want to pursue your career in the business industry as a leader? A degree from BUSINESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP will help you to become an independent thinker and take action for your next startup to become an entrepreneur.. Apply now Humanities & Social Sciences Studying HUMANITIES AND SOCIAL SCIENCE will help you excel in thinking, judgment, communication, and leadership skills. Along with corporate success, our alumni are making a positive impact on society and the community.. Apply now Engineering In the era of rapid integration & innovation of technology in every field of life, becoming an ENGINEERING graduate will give you the opportunity of high potential career growth.. Apply now Health and Life Sciences An exclusive faculty with global demand dedicated to producing an impact on health and human life. Get direct guidance and supervision from prominent faculty members both at home and abroad. Apply now Graduate Studies This faculty’s primary mission is to provide support for the overall research and publications of the faculty, researchers, and students, and help offer advanced degrees, particularly PhDs, in collaboration with the academic departments Apply now Recent Events Life at Daffodil is very much eventful. Through a lot of meaningful and impactful events students get the
                    opportunity to develop their skills and portfolio beyond the curriculam 8 Feb 2025 12th Convocation of DIU 12th Convocation of Daffodil International University held on 8th February 2025 with huge gathering. Click for details Read More 7 Dec 2024 DIU hosted ICPC Dhaka Regional content 2024 DIU hosted the biggest onsite programming contest in ICPC Dhaka Regional 2024 Read More 29 Nov 2024 Jobutsob 2024 DIU successfully organized Jobutsob 2024 at DIU smart city (DSC) Birulia, Savar, Dhaka Read More Alumni Our Alumni are our pride as they are engaged in building the world through national and International contributions Ahmad Kabo Idris Television Presenter, Nigeria Engr. A. F. M. Shahen Shah Researcher in YTU and Senior Member in IEEE Susmita Saha IT Consultant, Poland Shantanu Kumar Das Security Analyst, Hamburg, Germany Md. Ziaul Haque Sumon Regional Head, Banglalink Major Khaled Saifullah Major, Bangladesh Army Md Iqbal Bhuyan, PhD Lecturer, DIU Mr. Golam Zilani Director, DCCI Shamima Nazreen Koli Entrepreneur, Clicknshop Major Al Maimun (Retd) Head ,Telenor IT Mr. Nazrul Islam Helali Chairman, Golden Trade International BD Marzan Tasnim Oyshi Doctoral Candidate Our Ranking Daffodil International University (DIU) is recognized in independent government assessments as one of top graded universities in Bangladesh. News Best Global Universities Rankings 2025-26 DIU Ranks 1022nd Globally and 1st among Private Universities in Bangladesh THE World University Rankings 2026 DIU Ranks 801-1000 Globally and Jointly 1st in Bangladesh QS World University Rankings 2026 DIU Positions 1001-1200 Globally and 2nd among Private University in Bangladesh THE World University Rankings 2025 DIU ranked jointly 1st in Bangladesh in THE World University Rankings 2025 Visitors Say About Us National and International scholars, Business leaders, Entrepreneurs, Dignitaries visited us to share experiences, explore opportunities, collaborate and give guidance to the students I am happy to participate in the 6th Convocation of Daffodil International University and address the graduates today... Dr. G. Viswanathan I Just want to thank DIU for  gracious hospitality in hosting AUAP’s accreditation committee these last da... Dr. Janet Lowrie Nason Unique diversified working with vast range of activities including IT-enabled education, management, entrepreneurship... Cdr Prof. Bhushan Dewan ড্যাফোডিল বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় সত্যিকারের বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়। বিশ্ব+বিদ্যা+আলয় অপূর্ব। আমার মনে হচ্ছে, আহা আমি যদি এই বিশ্ববিদ্যা... আনিসুল হক Congratulations to all members who made the 1st international Seminar on BIMSTEC.Thanks... Dr. Ahana Chakrabarty We are Overwhelmed with the  generosity hospitality and honor Daffodil International University has shown to us.... Mr. Mohamed Mizanur Rahman Thank you professor Ali for the opportunity to attend your conference in Daffodil International University. It was ve... Nawang Yangden People are constantly coming up with new ideas, programs, and activities. There is a keen interest in what is happeni... Professor Claire Bradin Siskin Congratulations, Daffodil International University! I am impressed by the commitment to growth and development that t... Dr. Wendy Garland View Details Get in Touch Contact Meet With Us Privacy Statement Report Copyright Infringement Report on Security Issues Recom. For Traffic Mgt Newsletters Location Map Covid-19 updates Logos (Daffodil Group) Branding DIU Branding Career Bangladesh Corner Blog Photo Gallery DIU Press Employability 360 DIU IT Artofliving Useful Links skill.jobs Internship Portal Convocation DIU Annual Report Brochure Prospectus Forms Brand Documents Apps Discount Partners FAQ Subscribe Us! Connect With Us Visitor Counter: Today: 0 |   Last 30 Days: 0 Copyright © 2026 Daffodil International University. All Rights Reserved. Sort by: Relevance Recent Update x