Home The Institute Overview News Concept and Organization Team Bodies and Boards Funding and Financing Projects Press Dagstuhl's Impact Jobs Gender Equality Good Scientific Practice Code of Conduct Seminars Overview Seminar Calendar Seminar News Seminar Team Dagstuhl Seminars Dagstuhl Perspectives GI-Dagstuhl Seminars Summer Schools Research Meetings Research Guests Good Scientific Practice Publishing Overview To the Publications Publishing News Publishing Team All Series LIPIcs OASIcs LITES TGDK Dagstuhl Reports Open Access Policy Publication Ethics Publishing Steering Committee dblp Overview To dblp.org dblp News dblp Team dblp Steering Committee dblp Ethics Donate to dblp Guest Information Overview Planning your visit How to get to Schloss Dagstuhl Infection prevention measures Expenses Childcare Library Art History Contact EN DE TOP × Search the Dagstuhl Website Looking for information on the websites of the individual seminars? - Then please: Extend the search scope to include our seminar program Not found what you are looking for? - Some of our services have separate websites, each with its own search option. Please check the following list: Schloss Dagstuhl Services Seminars Within this website: see Seminars and Events and Guest Information External resources: DOOR (for registering your stay at Dagstuhl) DOSA (for proposing future Dagstuhl Seminars or Dagstuhl Perspectives Workshops) Publishing Within this website: see About Publishing and sub-pages thereof External resources: DROPS (the Dagstuhl publication server) the LITES journal website the Dagstuhl Submission Server (handles LIPIcs/OASIcs/DARTS submissions) dblp Within this website: see About dblp and sub-pages thereof External resources: the dblp Computer Science Bibliography × Please select your role to obtain appropriate quick-links. I am... Organizer of a Dagstuhl Seminar Participant of a Seminar/Event Proposer of a Seminar/Event Editor of a LIPIcs/OASIcs volume Author of a LIPIcs/OASIcs paper looking for an Article/Report a dblp User a Journalist an Interested Citizen Infos for Organizers Planning your visit How to get to Schloss Dagstuhl SARS-CoV2 prevention measures DOOR (for registering your stay) Planning your visit How to get to Schloss Dagstuhl SARS-CoV2 prevention measures Library Expenses Overview of our Seminar/Event Types Composition of a Dagstuhl Seminar Proposal Infos for Organizers DOSA (Submission of Proposals) General Publication Workflow (LIPIcs) General Publication Workflow (OASIcs) Dagstuhl Submission Server LIPIcs Webportal OASIcs Webportal As a LIPIcs/OASIcs author, you will be invited by e-mail to register at the Dagstuhl Submission Server. The server will guide you through the publication workflow. Preliminary information can be found here: Instructions for LIPIcs authors Instructions for OASIcs authors Dagstuhl Submission Server For bibliographic metadata: Search dblp For Documents published by Dagstuhl: Visit DROPS, the Dagstuhl Publication Server Search dblp dblp - FAQ Press Releases About the Institute (Overview) Concept and Organization Overview of the Seminar Center History of the Buildings About the Institute (Overview) Concept and Organization Overview of the Seminar Center The current seminar program History of the Buildings Library Quick Links Schloss Dagstuhl Where Computer Scientists Meet Welcome to Schloss Dagstuhl Leibniz Center for Informatics Welcome to Schloss Dagstuhl Leibniz Center for Informatics 2025-11-05 New Chair of the LIPIcs Editorial Board 2025-11-05 „Dagstuhler Gespräche“ – Von sozialen Medien zu Satelliten: Was... 2025-10-08 KI-Risiken einschätzen: Wie menschliche Aufsicht über Künstliche Intelligenz... 2025-10-02 Beim Fest zum Tag der Deutschen Einheit in der Landeshauptstadt Saarbrücken... 2025-10-02 HTML and Accessibility at Dagstuhl Publishing 2025-09-16 32 Jahre Bibliographie-Datenbank dblp und Würdigung ihres Gründers Dr.... 2025-08-25 Call for hybrid seminars (Deadline November 1, 2025) More? More News 2025-11-05 New Chair of the LIPIcs Editorial Board 2025-11-05 „Dagstuhler Gespräche“ – Von sozialen Medien zu Satelliten: Was... 2025-10-08 KI-Risiken einschätzen: Wie menschliche Aufsicht über Künstliche Intelligenz... 2025-10-02 Beim Fest zum Tag der Deutschen Einheit in der Landeshauptstadt Saarbrücken... 2025-10-02 HTML and Accessibility at Dagstuhl Publishing 2025-09-16 32 Jahre Bibliographie-Datenbank dblp und Würdigung ihres Gründers Dr.... 2025-08-25 Call for hybrid seminars (Deadline November 1, 2025) More? More News Our Mission Conversations, discussions, and the exchange of ideas are vital for the progress of science.  It is the mission of Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz Center for Informatics to further world-class research in computer science by facilitating such communication and interaction between researchers.
			We pursue this mission with our meeting program in the engaging atmosphere of Schloss Dagstuhl, with our open access publishing program , and by maintaining and developing the widely used dblp computer science bibliographic data base . Our work is targeted towards the international community and we make special efforts to include young researchers and to promote the advancement of women in computer science research. Dagstuhl Meetings ...are frequently praised by participants as the most productive academic events they have ever experienced. Unlike at most conferences, the focus is not so much on the presentation of newly established results but on the discussion of new ideas, sketches, and open problems. Find out more... This week at Dagstuhl See our Seminar Calendar for more, or enter a seminar number below Publishing ...is the best-established form of permanent research communication.  We provide affordable OpenAccess publishing services for all areas of computer science. The focus lies on top issues of current research in informatics. See the Dagstuhl Publishing pages for an overview of our series. Open bibliographic information ...makes it easier to find and cite scientific papers and thus is indispensible for scientific work. The dblp computer science bibliography provides open bibliographic information on most computer science journals and proceedings. Check the dblp page for more detailed information and the latest dblp news. Dagstuhl News Looking for older news? Read more: All News • Seminar News • Publishing News • dblp News Schloss Dagstuhl is a member of the Leibniz Association and is funded by the federal government of Germany and the states of Germany, especially Saarland and Rhineland‑Palatinate. The Institute Overview News Concept and Organization Team Bodies and Boards Funding and Financing Projects Press Dagstuhl's Impact Jobs Gender Equality Good Scientific Practice Code of Conduct Seminars Overview Seminar Calendar Seminar News Seminar Team Dagstuhl Seminars Dagstuhl Perspectives GI-Dagstuhl Seminars Summer Schools Research Meetings Research Guests Good Scientific Practice Publishing Overview To the Publications Publishing News Publishing Team All Series LIPIcs OASIcs LITES TGDK Dagstuhl Reports Open Access Policy Publication Ethics Publishing Steering Committee dblp Overview To dblp.org dblp News dblp Team dblp Steering Committee dblp Ethics Donate to dblp Guest Information Overview Planning your visit How to get to Schloss Dagstuhl Infection prevention measures Expenses Childcare Library Art History Contact Overview © 2025 Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik GmbH Imprint Contact Accessibility Privacy