Daikin ONE Menu Homeowners Professionals Homeowners Professionals Daikin One family of products Smart, communicating heating, air conditioning, and indoor air quality solutions for your home. One+ Thermostat One Touch Thermostat One Lite Thermostat One Home Air Monitor One Home App One Cloud Services Support Where to Buy One+ Smart Thermostat The first smart thermostat to offer full two-way communications with nearly all Daikin ducted and ductless HVAC systems. Learn More One Touch Smart Thermostat The first smart thermostat to offer full two-way communications with nearly all Daikin ducted and ductless HVAC systems. Learn More One Lite Connected Thermostat Control your Daikin ductless system with this friendly and familiar controller Learn More Compare Thermostats Which thermostat is right for you? Get help choosing. Find a Dealer Control your Daikin ductless system with this friendly and familiar controller One Touch Learn more One Cloud compatible Mobile App compatible Unitary Mini/Multi-split (Coming Soon) VRV (Coming Soon) 1 Aux Output Full-color Bit-mapped Display Capacitive Touchscreen -- -- On-board Set-up + Commissioning One+ Learn more One Cloud compatible Mobile App compatible Unitary Mini/Multi-split VRV 2 Aux Output Full-color Bit-mapped Display Capacitive Touchscreen Rotating Dial Light Pipe On-board Set-up + Commissioning One Home Air Monitor The One Home Air Monitor is installed in your ductwork to detect and visualize air quality, and recommend actions to help you improve your indoor air quality. Learn More One Home Mobile App Monitor and control your HVAC system from across the room, or from across the country. Compatible with all Daikin One thermostats. Learn More One Cloud Services Cloud connected equipment enables your dealer to receive notifications and alerts from Daikin on your system, enabling faster communication of alerts, and the ability to remotely adjust many settings. Learn More Support Most questions about your thermostat and app are answered in the Homeowner Guide. Click on the links below to access the Homeowener Guide for your thermostat: Daikin One+ Homeowner Guide Daikin One Touch Homeowner Guide Daikin One Lite Homeowner Guide For additional support please visit the Help Center, email daikinone.support@daikincomfort.com, or call 1 (855) 324-5461. 1. How do I connect to Wi-Fi? You can connect the Daikin One + smart thermostat to Wi-Fi by following the steps below. i. Select the menu icon located in the upper right-hand corner of any screen. ii. Select Settings and then Configuration. iii. Then select Home Wi-Fi. iv. Ensure the "Use Wi-Fi" box is checked and then select scan network. 2. What are the support resources available? Finding help with your smart thermostat a. For general support for the Daikin One+ smart thermostat - call 1-855-daikin1 and select option #1 b. www.Daikinone.com has resources for homeowners and professionals. One Dealer Cloud-based management services, professional resources, and support. Professional Site One Developer APIs, documentation, and support for developing devices to integrate with Daikin One equipment. Developer Site Where to Buy Our Daikin Comfort Pros are always on call to assist you with quotes, maintenance, reparis and anything else you would need. Get started with us by using our dealer locator and connect with an expret now. Find a Dealer About Daikin Daikin is the World's No. 1 air conditioning cmpany. Thanks to our constant innovation in comfrt, energy efficiency, control and reliability, we define the benchmarks of quality within the industry. Daikin Comfort © 2025 
                       Daikin Comfort Technologies North America, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Notice | Terms of Use | Vision 2050 Go Top