Skip to content
All Sections
Subscribe Now
Home Page
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Election
Investigative Reporting
Politics
Health
Environment
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Jobs
Weather
Local News
Local News
San Fernando Valley
Los Angeles
Los Angeles County
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Lakers
Clippers
LA Sparks
Dodgers
Angels
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Rams
Chargers
Kings
Ducks
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Amusement Parks
Music + Concerts
Theater
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Comics
Daily News Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
Branded Content
Paid Content by Brandpoint
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in
58°F
Monday, December 29th 2025

e-Edition

News
Local News
Sports
Things to Do
Obituaries
Opinion
The T.E.A.

TRENDING:

Free holiday events 
Holiday pop-up bars 
The Rose Parade
Rose float audio removed
Dodgers Gifts
Featured
Her mini therapy horses stepped up big amid wildfire destruction. They’ll be galloping at the Rose Parade
Victoria Nodiff-Netane's therapy horses bring comfort every year. But after the Palisades and Eaton fires, they took on a new role. Look for them in the Rose Parade on Jan. 1.
Related
Pre-Rose Parade showcase gives equestrians center stage 2 hours ago
Bandfest, a booming, two-day celebration of Rose Parade marching bands, kicks off 5 hours ago
Here’s how to watch Rose Parade 2026: Floats, performances and more 9 hours ago
USC’s D’Anton Lynn reportedly finalizing deal at Penn State
New California laws rewrite car-buying rules with return policy, pricing reforms
Studio City home, reached by a pedestrian bridge, lists for $2.7M
Another storm set to hit Southern California around New Year’s Day. Will it be as bad as the Christmas rain?
LATEST HEADLINES
Pre-Rose Parade showcase gives equestrians center stage 2 hours ago
Rams trending in wrong direction as playoffs approach after loss to Falcons 1 hour ago
Proposed half-cent sales tax to fund LA Fire Department is cleared for signature gathering 1 second ago
Lights on Display is a 15-minute spectacular featuring animatronics in Sherman Oaks 5 hours ago
Bandfest, a booming, two-day celebration of Rose Parade marching bands, kicks off 5 hours ago
Magic Johnson fits the theme of ‘teamwork,’ adds to his legacy as grand marshal of Rose Parade 6 hours ago
Here’s how to watch Rose Parade 2026: Floats, performances and more 9 hours ago

Get the latest news delivered daily!

SIGN UP
Most Popular

CRIME AND PUBLIC SAFETY
Dozens sue over sexual abuse, voyeurism at LA County’s women’s jail
The class-action lawsuit covers women incarcerated in solitary confinement from 2006 to 2025 at the...
Man killed during argument in North Hills
Woman killed, 10 people hospitalized in crash on 5 Freeway in Boyle Heights
5 Freeway in Castaic reopens after closure caused by ruptured natural gas line
LOCAL NEWS
INFOGRAPHIC: How the land was cleared after the L.A. fires
It’s been nearly a year since the devastating fires in Los Angeles County, where an estimated 4 million tons of debris was cleared from those burn areas. Particular attention was given to cleaning the soil in Altadena, where more than...
INFOGRAPHIC: A timeline of the L.A. fires
Long awaited West Harbor waterfront slated to roll out in San Pedro in 2026
Holiday Road lights event brings smiles and some exercise in Calabasas
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL
Lance Mitchell leaves Muir football to become head coach at St. Francis
Mitchell leaves Muir after four successful seasons that included winning a CIF-SS title in 2022.
LA Daily News All-Area Football Team for 2025
High school football: Scores from Saturday’s CIF state championships
Santa Margarita football rolls De La Salle to win state Open Division title
SPORTS
Swanson: Kawhi Leonard is hot – what could the Clippers get for him?
Is this the moment the unthinkable becomes palatable? Could the team trade the stoic face of the franchise at a time when he is reminding the NBA how elite he is when he’s healthy?
With LeBron James turning 41, Lakers reflect on his longevity
Mistakes cost slumping Ducks in loss to Sharks
Kings can’t keep up with league-leading Avalanche
PHOTOS
Rams lose to Seahawks in OT thriller, fall out of 1st place in NFC West
The Rams fail to stop Sam Darnold and Seattle from mounting a fourth-quarter comeback, and the hosts win on a two-point conversion, 38-37, to grab the division lead with two weeks left in the regular season.
Rams clinch playoff spot with comeback win over Lions
Rams thump Cardinals to stay tied atop NFC West
Hollywood’s parade rolls out the holidays anew for Angelenos
Rams make case as NFC favorites with demolition of Buccaneers
The Los Angeles Auto Show drew thousands on Friday at LA Convention Center
Rams’ cathartic win over Seahawks is moment team can build on
SHOW MORE PHOTOS
THINGS TO DO
Knott’s Berry Farm 2026: All the seasonal events, food festivals and holiday parties
The Knott's Seasons of Fun calendar includes events dedicated to Peanuts characters, Boysenberry treats, summertime...
Free fun things to do on New Year’s Eve in Southern California
Recipes: Feta cheese adds extra oomph to these 3 dishes
At 60, Rick Bass suited up to play semi-pro football. The result is ‘Wrecking Ball’
HOLIDAYS
A beginner’s guide to Kwanzaa
Kwanzaa has become a nationally recognized celebration of African culture and community
Frumpy Mom: You tell about your worst holiday gifts ever
King Charles III calls for kindness and unity in Christmas message amid global conflicts
Sheriff, archbishop bring Christmas faith to inmates at LA County detention center
OPINION
Doug Schoen: The under the radar issue in California’s gubernatorial race
Elevated crime rates have led California voters to increasingly voice their frustrations and state and...
It’s time to rethink California’s tragically ineffective conservatorship laws
Larry Wilson: As Bari Weiss spikes a story on ’60 Minutes’
Joseph Charney: L.A. supervisors were slow to foresee and prevent fraud
BUSINESS
HOA Homefront: Court decision denying ADU supports board’s discretion
The case stemmed from a couple's effort to build an accessory dwelling unit on their...
California couple creates one of the most sustainable homes in the nation
The 11 big trades of 2025: Bubbles, cockroaches and a 367% jump
Struggling to set 2026 financial goals? Get an AI assist
IMMIGRATION
Federal judge to hold hearing on whether Kilmar Abrego Garcia is being vindictively prosecuted
A federal judge canceled the trial of the Salvadoran man who was mistakenly deported.
Venezuelan migrants sent to El Salvador demand justice after US judge ruling
Call 911 or risk losing the baby? Raids force some immigrants to avoid care
Trump approves deployment of 350 National Guard members to New Orleans
DONALD TRUMP
National Guard to patrol New Orleans for New Year’s a year after deadly attack
The Guard is expected be confined to the French Quarter area popular with tourists.
US military carries out 30th strike on alleged drug boat
These former members of Congress are seeking comebacks in 2026
Trump administration rolls out rural health funding, with strings attached
BEST REVIEWS
Add style to your bathroom with the best boho shower curtain
Shower curtains take up so much visual real estate, usually 72 by 72 inches, which...
Best Blue Diamond cookware
Best BenQ projector
Which wine opener should I buy?
Events
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
CONTACT US
Corrections
Local Job Board
Daily News Store
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ABOUT DAILY NEWS
Digital Subscription FAQ
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
News Archive
Reader’s Choice
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Legals
Obituary
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
READER REWARDS
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group