News
Viral
Video
Select preferred languages
hi	हिंदी
te	తెలుగు
ta	தமிழ்
ml	മലയാളം
kn	ಕನ್ನಡ
en	English
mr	मराठी
bn	বাংলা
gu	ગુજરાતી
pa	ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
or	ଓଡିଆ
ur	اردو
bh	भोजपुरी
ne	नेपाली
as	অসমীয়া
F
	For You
N
	News
	Trending Topics
	World
	Cricket
	SIR In States
	News and Featured
	Daily Share
	More hashtags(6)
About us

Eterno Infotech © 2021
Dailyhunt operated by Eterno Infotech
For more information, please visit:

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Community Guidelines
Grievances
Support
Help
client id:
c1_d0_a1_2189413790
Support:
yourfriends@dailyhunt.in
Follow us on:
Dailyhunt © 2021Version:4.0.791
	DNA
Tanya Mittal offers tour to her condom factory, says THIS about Salman Khan: 'He would pull my...'
15hr21 shares

Bigg Boss 19 fame Tanya Mittal became the center of attention with her high claims of luxury and property she owns, which left fellow contestants and even Salman Khan often in disbelief.

Read more
	DNA
Amid breakup buzz with Veer Pahariya after her on-stage kiss with AP Dhillon, Tara Sutaria takes BIG step, shares...
16hr17 shares

Tara Sutaria made an appearance at singer AP Dhillon's Mumbai concert earlier this week to promote their chartbuster song Thodi Si Daaru.

Read more
	News24 Online
Viral: Saravana Bhavan Bill from 2009 breaks the internet, three food items for only Rs.
17hr44 shares

A nostalgic social media post is getting people talking about how much the cost of eating out has changed over the years. The post, which is going viral on X (formerly Twitter) and Reddit, shows a restaurant bill from 2009 at the famous Hotel Saravana Bhavan in Chennai.

Read more
	The Tribune
JSW MG Motor India announces an industry-first extended Assured Buy Back Program for its EVs
15hr

VMPL

Gurugram (Haryana) [India], December 29: JSW MG Motor India today announces the launch of an industry-first initiative aimed at making EV ownership easier and seamless for its customers.

Read more
	News24 Online
Kuldeep Sengar's daughter Aishwarya Sengar: 'Hang my father if even he looked at the victim with ill intent'
11hr12 shares

Daughter of former UP BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar, Aishwarya Sengar on Monday challenged that if anyone can show even a single piece of evidence against her father that he even looked at her, she would say give him the death penalty.

Read more
	The Tribune
Aravalli row: Supreme Court keeps in abeyance its November 20 directions, to set up new expert committee
20hr

Noting that certain clarifications were needed regarding the definitions of Aravalli Hills it recently approved, the Supreme Court on Monday ordered to keep in abeyance its November 20 order that was based on a committee's recommendations.

Read more
	Deccan Herald
Disasters cost more than $120 billion in 2025: Report
18hr

Mumbai: Climate disasters like heat waves, wildfires, droughts, and storms cost the world more than $120 billion in 2025, according to a new report.

Read more
	The Tribune
Taiwan detects 130 Chinese aircraft, nine 14 vessels around its territory
2hr

Taipei [Taiwan], December 30 (ANI): Taiwan's Ministry of National Defence said it detected a sharp rise in Chinese military activity around the island, with a large number of Chinese aircraft and vessels operating in nearby airspace and waters amid Chinese military drills.

Read more
	The Siasat Daily
BRS candidate moves Telangana HC over Jubilee Hills bypoll result
44m

Hyderabad: Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) candidate Maganti Sunitha who contested the Jubilee Hills bypoll, challenged the result in the Telangana High Court on Monday, December 29.

Read more
	News18
2025: Jute industry under stress with raw material crunch, price surge
21hr

Kolkata, Dec 29 (PTI) The jute industry went through another year of crisis with a sharp raw material shortage, record-high prices and a growing dependence on plastic bags for food grain packaging, unsettling the sector.

Read more
	Mint
India's industrial output growth hits 2-year high of 6.7% in November on strong manufacturing and mining
17hr

India's industrial sector demonstrated significant resilience in November 2025, with production climbing to a two-year high of 6.7% in November, primarily driven by strong performances in the mining and manufacturing sectors, showed data from the National Statistics Office (NSO) on Monday.

Read more
	
Trump moves to shut asylum 'loophole': US media
44m

Washington: The Trump administration is moving to sharply restrict access to asylum by urging US immigration judges to dismiss cases without hearings and redirect migrants to third countries, a shift officials say is aimed at closing what they describe as a "huge loophole" in legal immigration, according to a report by Politico.

Read more
	The Tribune
"Inappropriate and irresponsible": Reliance Industries refutes reports claiming USD 30 billion by Indian government
11hr

Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], December 29 (ANI): Reliance Industries Limited on Monday strongly refuted reports that claimed that the Indian government has raised a USD 30 billion claim against the company for underproduction from a gas field, calling the reports 'factually incorrect."

Read more
	
Dense fog, poor visibility makes driving difficult, say UPSRTC drivers
6hr

Noida: As dense fog blanketed Noida, the Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) drivers are finding it hard to drive in challenging conditions.

Read more
	The Tribune
Ravichandran Ashwin picks Varun Chakravarthi, Abhishek Sharma as India's standout performers of 2025
11hr

New Delhi [India], December 29 (ANI): Former India cricketer Ravichandran Ashwin has hailed mystery spinner Varun Chakravarthy as India's standout bowler of the year, calling him a huge MVP whose impact has been evident every time the team has turned to him.

Read more
	The Independent
Ski patroller dies after being injured carrying out avalanche mitigation work on California mountain
9hr

A California ski patroller died after he was
injured in an avalanche
the day after Christmas.

Two ski patrollers were performing avalanche mitigation work Friday morning when they were caught in slide that occurred on Lincoln Mountain, according to a statement from Mammoth Mountain ski resort officials.

Read more

No Internet connection