UK Home | Daily Mail Online Home News Royals U.S. Sport TV Showbiz Lifestyle Health Science Money Travel Podcasts Buyline Beauty Fashion Home and Garden Black Friday My Profile Logout Login Latest Headlines Australia Scotland Books Rewards Mail Shop Cars Property Columnists Games My Profile Logout Login UK Edition Privacy Policy Feedback Wednesday, Dec 31st 2025 9PM -3°C 12AM -2°C 5-Day Forecast Home Last updated: 12:12 GMT, 31 December 2025 Advertisement How a viral video exposed Somali migrant scandal that has rocked US: Woke politicians kept quiet as hundreds of millions of dollars were paid to immigrant fraudsters who threatened to cry racism when questioned On Friday, right-wing influencer Nick Shirley posted a video on YouTube, claiming that day care centres operated by Somali residents in Minneapolis had committed up to $100 million in fraud. 5 335 comments 3 videos Schoolboy, 12, is found dead by his cousin after 'attempting Squid Game prank', inquest told Sebastian Cizman, 12, was found unresponsive at his family's home in Glasshoughton, West Yorkshire, during his younger brother's First Holy Communion celebrations. He is believed to have been imitating a challenge that encourages youngsters to choke themselves until they pass out, and which has been linked to multiple child deaths around the world. 39 Truth about Mounjaro and its dreaded side-effects: From terrifying 'paralysis' to impaired vision and bouts of diarrhoea, read our ultimate guide to what jabs REALLY do to your body - by a top Cambridge professor This time last year I was newly into my Mounjaro journey. Nudging the scales at over 13st, and a size 18, I knew I needed to take drastic action to address my weight. 226 comments 6 shares Truth about Mounjaro and its dreaded side-effects... EXCLUSIVE Nurse 'attacked by Afghan migrant in crowbar rampage' reveals she was 'beaten nearly to death' as she reveals gruesome injuries inflicted on her Meg Lynch said she was 'nearly beaten to death' while stood getting a drink from a vending machine. 1k 2.3k comments Who else didn't make the cut for Adam and Holly's wedding? Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom enjoy festive ride with daughter Eva Mendes gives a glimpse of the luxury London home Westlife's Mark Feehily gives health update after pulling out of tour Kris Jenner's wrinkly hands are FINALLY revealed Nicola Peltz soaks up the sun amid bitter family feud Who else didn't make the cut for Adam and Holly's wedding? Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom enjoy festive ride with daughter Eva Mendes gives a glimpse of the luxury London home Westlife's Mark Feehily gives health update after pulling out of tour Kris Jenner's wrinkly hands are FINALLY revealed Nicola Peltz soaks up the sun amid bitter family feud Who else didn't make the cut for Adam and Holly's wedding? Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom enjoy festive ride with daughter Eva Mendes gives a glimpse of the luxury London home Westlife's Mark Feehily gives health update after pulling out of tour Kris Jenner's wrinkly hands are FINALLY revealed Nicola Peltz soaks up the sun amid bitter family feud SARAH VINE: I know the sad reason the Ramsays snubbed the Peatys... and it's all because of Gordon's shame This Adam Peaty (or to give him his full name now, Adam Ramsay Peaty) saga is fascinating - and not just because it's such a juicy celebrity feud. 711 comments 24 shares SARAH VINE: I know the sad reason the Ramsays snubbed the Peatys... Met Office issues snow warning for London as New Year brings Arctic freeze that has sent temperatures plummeting to -10C The yellow alert is in place from midnight until noon on Friday and also covers a large swathe of England and Wales, including Chester and Greater Manchester down to Kent. 284 comments 8 shares Met Office issues snow warning for London The dark truth about our obsession with 'high' protein: Our experts reveal the dangers of controversial powders, what having too much really does to your body... and the key nutrient you should be stocking up on instead NEW Are you eating enough protein? Food manufacturers certainly don't seem to think so. comments share The dark truth about our obsession with 'high' protein Queen Camilla chillingly reveals having to 'fight off' sex attacker on train as a teenager and says the incident left her 'furious' in moving broadcast with BBC racing commentator John Hunt Earlier this year it emerged that the royal had fought off a sex pest on a train as a teenager by hitting him in the groin with her shoe before reporting it to police. 306 comments 2 videos 2 shares Camilla speaks for the first time about fighting off sex attacker Adam Peaty's mum shares heartbreaking hope for 2026 as she says 'I deserve a year that doesn't hurt' and admits she's 'lost a piece of herself' after bitter feud with her son Adam Peaty's mum Caroline has shared her heartbreaking hope for 2026 as she took to Instagram to share some pointed reflective messages on Wednesday.  Caroline was banned from her son and Holly Ramsay's lavish nuptials at the weekend amid a bitter feud that has been ongoing for months.  And taking to her social media she shared a post from another account which read: 'I deserve a year that doesn't hurt'. 110 comments share Adam Peaty's mum says 'I deserve a year that doesn't hurt' My ungrateful son snubbed me for his rude and arrogant girlfriend... so I've taken the ultimate revenge. It feels amazing and I've realised a very satisfying truth NEW My son, Charles, was just four when his father left us to move abroad with a new, much younger girlfriend. comments share My son snubbed me for his girlfriend, so I've taken the best revenge EXCLUSIVE At 36, I was perfectly healthy - but there was one warning sign of deadly liver disease that I ignored. Then I made simple changes - and reversed the condition Adam Wereszczynski was gobsmacked when tests revealed he had liver disease -he now wants to warn others about the dangers of having a fatty liver, a condition linked to cancer. 205 comments 123 shares At 36, I was perfectly healthy until I ignored a crucial warning sign Shamima Begum given renewed hope of returning to Britain as European judges challenge government on decision to strip ISIS bride of citizenship The European Court of Human Rights has formally asked the Home Officewhether it broke human rights and anti-trafficking laws - which is Shamima Begum's main legal argument. 51 1.1k comments EXCLUSIVE NIGEL FARAGE shares his New Year address with Daily Mail readers: I've never known Britain feel gloomier. Here's how Reform can give EVERY voter hope next year As 2025 draws to a close, I can't remember the country ever being gloomier. People are getting poorer. Unemployment is rising. 159 5.5k comments The Daily Mail+ Power List of 50 women over 50: From stars of TV, to titans of business and extraordinary campaigners making a real difference... our definitive guide to the women who deserve all the plaudits In no particular order we celebrate the incredible achievements of all those pioneering scientists, straight-talking campaigners and brilliant entertainers who are over-50 and enjoying every single second of their moment in the spotlight. 370 comments share The Daily Mail+ Power List of 50 women over 50 Passengers stranded on Eurostar trains OVERNIGHT with no working toilets in chaotic response to power outage Eurostar rail services faced continued delays and cancellations this morning after some travellers were stuck for more than eight hours on trains from London overnight. 249 comments 1 video 2 shares Eurostar passengers stuck on trains as power outage chaos continues How to cure your sciatica for good - WITHOUT powerful drugs: Our experts reveal the simple steps and lifestyle tweaks to save yourself from the debilitating condition The day before she was due to fly to Cape Town for her grandson's wedding, Shirley Boyle was suddenly struck down with what she describes as 'the worst back pain of my life'. 27 542 comments Six hugely popular cars that have been KILLED OFF this year - including Britain's second most-owned motor NEW From upmarket superminis to legendary roadsters and the nation's favourite family hatchback, some notable automotive icons have been put to the chopping block. comments 3 videos share Six popular cars KILLED OFF in 2025 - including one massive seller How the latest airport trend 'belt bumping' is infuriating passengers: 'Horrible etiquette and disrespectful' Politely queuing to check your luggage in at the desk before collecting boarding passes and heading to security is how many holidays abroad begin. 43 comments share 'Belt bumping': The airport trend infuriating passengers Princess Anne's witty response as she's presented with flowers at Sandringham - as fans go wild over her 'humble' nature There were several standout moments from this year's gathering at King Charles's Norfolk estate - from Prince Louis's delight at being presented with a giant box of Lindt chocolates to his older sister Princess Charlotte taking selfies with royal fans. But one royal family member flew under the radar - until a video of Princess Anne greeting a well-wisher outside St Mary Magdalene Church was shared on X. 373 comments 1 video 24 shares Anne's witty response as she's presented with flowers at Sandringham Is your relationship on the brink, but you don't have a clue? TRACEY COX reveals the 5 warning signs all your friends and family are secretly talking about it - while you're oblivious TRACEY COX: When you're emotionally invested, your brain becomes good at minimising things you'd instantly flag in someone else's relationship - here are the signs to spot. 4 comments share TRACEY COX reveals the signs your relationship is in trouble Adam Peaty's sister Bethany reveals the lavish bridesmaid gifts she received from new sister-in-law Holly Ramsay as it's claimed she 'betrayed' her family amid bitter feud The Olympic swimmer's older sister is the only member of his side who appears to have survived the bitter family fallout after his mother Caroline was uninvited from the ceremony. 89 1k comments Man wanted over the murder of two British travel agents found dead in a burned out car in Sweden is shot dead in Lebanon The bodies of Juan Cifuentes, 33, and Farooq Abdulrazak, 37, were discovered in a burnt-out hire car on the outskirts of Malmö in July last year. 2 comments share Man wanted over the murder of two Brits found dead is shot dead 41 men are killed in South African circumcision initiation ceremonies Traditional initiation is a rite of passage into manhood for young men that is practiced annually by various ethnic groups in Africa, including parts of South Africa. 489 comments 12 shares 41 men are killed in South African circumcision initiation ceremonies OUR SHOPPING PICKS View More > CONTAINS AFFILIATED CONTENT MORE INFO Products featured in these articles are selected by our buyline writers, who scour the internet to let you know about great deals. If you click on or make a purchase using links in these articles, MailOnline will earn a small payment or commission on any sales. To find out more, click here ClubMed just launched its huge New Year Sale slashing hundreds off holidays - including Marrakech, South Africa and more SHOPPING: Keen travellers looking for excellent 2026 holiday deals can make huge savings in the newly launched Club Med New Year sale. comments share Club Med's New Year Sale is your sign to plan a 2026 escape Royal skincare secrets revealed - we found the Kate Middleton loved anti-ageing face cream on sale SHOPPING: A face cream has gone viral thanks to its highly unusual ingredients list including bee venom and placenta protein - not to mention it's said to be a favourite of the Princess of Wales. comments share This face cream with bizarre ingredients is heavily reduced Music lovers can get four months of Amazon Music Unlimited for free with this limited-time offer - perfect for powering your January fitness motivation SHOPPING: If your playlists need a fresh boost for the New Year, now is the perfect moment to upgrade your soundtrack thanks to this Amazon Music Unlimited deal. comments share Get four months of Amazon Music Unlimited for free I'm shopping Knickerbox's end-of-season sale as prices drop on lingerie, loungewear, pyjamas and more SHOPPING: If the arrival of 2026 has you wanting to completely refresh your underwear and loungewear drawers then you'll want to get stuck into the unmissable Knickerbox end of season sale. comments share Knickerbox sale offers up to 50% off lingerie, loungewear and more I tested out the Harley Street Dermatologist-made skin gel that 'gets rid of blemishes quickly' and it didn't disappoint SHOPPING: The best way to combat breakouts is to stop them before they even start, and thanks to Dr Sam's new Flawless Neutralising Gel Roller, this is easier than ever. comments share Dr Sam's Flawless Neutralising Gel Roller - the secret to clear skin? How to lock in a fun-packed family holiday for 2026 without paying everything upfront - even if Christmas has wiped out your budget SHOPPING: Organised shoppers looking for a bargain can now treat the family to a fun-filled getaway at Butlin's with just a £1 deposit. comments share You can now book a 2026 holiday at Butlins with just £1 deposit The haircare deal I'd recommend to anyone wanting thicker, healthier hair in the New Year - as a beauty writer SHOPPING: As a beauty writer, I'm always sceptical of bold haircare claims, but this is one deal I'm genuinely investing in for thicker, healthier hair this new year. comments share This holy grail hair care set is majorly discounted for a limited time Do you want to sleep better in the New Year? This under-the-radar brand is offering hotel-quality mattresses at sale prices SHOPPING: There's little more important than quality sleep - it completely controls our energy and mood, so not getting enough sleep can be detrimental in all areas of life. comments share Shop the REM-Fit Winter sale and start the new year sleeping better Katie Price brings mum Amy to tears with heart-warming Christmas present granting her a 'new lease of life' amid lung disease battle in emotional video Katie Price left both her mother and fans crying tears of joy, as she gifted her a life-changing Christmas present granting her 'a bit of freedom and independence'. The former glamour model, 47, took to her YouTube channel on Tuesday to share a new vlog documenting her Christmas celebrations with her family on the Isle of Wight, where her mother Amy, 73, resides. But she warned viewers they 'might need a few tissues' for watching the 'tearjerker' video, as it saw her presenting her mum with a heartfelt gift that left her overcome with emotion amid her health battles. 49 comments 2 videos share Katie Price brings mum Amy to tears with life-changing Christmas gift The world's highest garbage dump: Rubbish collection scheme on Mount Everest is scrapped after dishonest climbers found ways to cheat the system A scheme to encourage climbers to bring rubbish down from Mount Everest has been scrapped, after dishonest mountaineers found ways to cheat the system. 66 comments 1 video 1 share Dishonest climbers CHEAT rubbish collection scheme on Mount Everest EXCLUSIVE EastEnders and James Bond star who cares for his seriously ill wife and daughter is hauled to court for speeding at 24mph in a 20 zone near his £1.2m home Colin Salmon, 64, has kept his driving licence despite multiple motoring offences, after explaining the family reasons he needed to remain on the road. 3.4k comments 21 shares EastEnders star caring for ill family in court for 24mph speeding Editor's Picks For You View more > ANDREW NEIL: We're on the brink of a historical turning point... and it should terrify us. The old world order has ended. We're on our own This was the year the old world order ended. The order that had defeated Nazi Germany, the greatest evil the modern world has known. 3179 comments 178 share ANDREW NEIL: The old world order has ended. We're on our own Cocaine users are everywhere at this time of year. I was an addict for a decade and my behaviour still haunts me. Here's the signs YOU'RE spending today with a secret user... by someone who really knows There are so many women like me - including fellow mothers - spiralling further into addiction, aided and abetted by the season of excess. 924 comments 17 share The signs YOU'RE spending today with a secret cocaine user Five ways to slash cholesterol by a third WITHOUT statins. DR KIRSTYN NORMAN's tweaks work in as little as three months, protect against strokes and heart attacks, are drug-free - and change her patients' lives As a doctor, I spent years caring for older patients whose lives were shaped by health problems that had quietly developed decades earlier. 304 comments 137 share Five ways to slash cholesterol by a third WITHOUT statins EXCLUSIVE The real story behind John Travolta's stunning decline: As his latest flop struggles to make even $100, insiders tell TOM LEONARD about the seedy relationship at the heart of his downfall - and what Hollywood really thinks of him behind the scenes An international criminal kingpin calls up retired master-thief Mason Goddard and makes him an offer he can't refuse. 1260 comments 86 share The real story behind the decline of John Travolta: TOM LEONARD KATIE HIND: I've crossed paths with Lily Allen numerous times this is why I think she is utterly vile In all the years I've been doing this job, Lily Allen has been around and so our paths have crossed many times. If I came across Lily Allen again, I don't think things would be that pretty. 35 158 comments 1 video Labour says it will NOT kick out Egyptian 'extremist' because hate tweets saying Jews should be killed are not bad enough to warrant it Ministers are facing demands to act against dual national Alaa Abd El-Fattah over online posts which also backed violence against the police and and spoke of his hatred for white people. 36 641 comments Outrage in India as mother-of-three is abducted and gang-raped in moving van for two hours then thrown onto the road as the vehicle sped along NEW The horrific attack took place overnight from Monday into Tuesday after the married woman was waiting for transport to return home in Faridabad, near Delhi. 4 comments share Outrage in India as mother is gang-raped in moving van for two hours The travel spots set to dominate 2026: BENJAMIN PARKER reveals the top trends for holidays next year, from brainwave breaks to 'micro-retirements', and how you can take advantage Like clockwork, the turn of the year is a time to look ahead at what the next 12 months will bring. 20 comments share BENJAMIN PARKER reveals top holiday trends for 2026 The red-hot areas where house prices are rising (and falling) the fastest: Use our analysis to discover how YOUR neighbourhood is doing... plus the locations set to soar in 2026 The property market has been hit by a mix of factors, including the end of the stamp duty holiday, stubborn mortgage rates and fears over property taxes. 33 comments share UK's hottest AND coldest housing markets revealed Families living in the shadow of four enormous 'supersheds' call probe into planning decisions 'tick-box exercise' NEW The four bleak, grey warehouses - which stand up to 60ft tall - are part of the new Astley Business Park in Tyldesley, Wigan, and were signed off by the local authority in June 2024. Hundreds of surrounding homes in the market town are dwarfed by the structures, with residents complaining the 350,000 sq ft site has caused endless issues for them. comments 1 video share Families living in the shadow of 'supersheds' criticise planning probe Cheers! Why Champagne is one of the healthiest alcoholic drinks, revealed by experts Forget church bells ringing, the real sound of a New Year being kicked off in style is the deafening pop pop pop of champagne corks. 9 comments share Cheers! Why Champagne is one of the healthiest alcoholic drinks Surge in people visiting A&E for headaches, blocked noses, hiccups and other minor ailments, medics warn: 'The system isn't working' NEW Millions are clogging up A&Es across the country with minor ailments including blocked noses and hiccups due to the GP appointment crisis, experts have warned. 4 comments 1 video share Surge in people visiting A&E for headaches, blocked noses and hiccups New council houses to be built for asylum seekers in push to end use of hotels - with intense public backlash expected Around 200 local authorities are interested in a Government scheme funding the building of new council houses for asylum seekers. 1.2k 4.3k comments EXCLUSIVE Want a pay rise? These are the 10 jobs that saw the biggest salary bumps in 2025, according to a top recruitment firm There are roles that are still on the receiving end of hefty pay increases, if you look in the right place. 54 comments share These jobs saw the biggest pay rises in 2025 - is YOURS on the list? OUR SHOPPING PICKS View more > CONTAINS AFFILIATED CONTENT MORE INFO Products featured in these articles are selected by our buyline writers, who scour the internet to let you know about great deals. If you click on or make a purchase using links in these articles, MailOnline will earn a small payment or commission on any sales. To find out more, click here Music lovers can get four months of Amazon Music Unlimited for free with this limited-time offer - perfect for powering your January fitness motivation SHOPPING: If your playlists need a fresh boost for the New Year, now is the perfect moment to upgrade your soundtrack thanks to this Amazon Music Unlimited deal. comments share Get four months of Amazon Music Unlimited for free I'm shopping Knickerbox's end-of-season sale as prices drop on lingerie, loungewear, pyjamas and more SHOPPING: If the arrival of 2026 has you wanting to completely refresh your underwear and loungewear drawers then you'll want to get stuck into the unmissable Knickerbox end of season sale. comments share Knickerbox sale offers up to 50% off lingerie, loungewear and more Pilot reveals what turbulence looks like from the cockpit Even for the most experienced fliers, turbulence can be unsettling. But according to a pilot, it's no more to worry about than bumps on a road. In a clip shared online, a pilot revealed what turbulence looks like from the cockpit - and the footage has been viewed a whopping 23 million times. 20 comments 1 video share Pilot reveals what turbulence looks like from the cockpit Hundreds of thousands of Russians are plunged into darkness after power outage as Ukraine launches drone attacks on Moscow Footage emerging from the Russian capital has shown entire tower blocks without light and dead street lamps due to the widespread blackout. 114 comments 1 video share Russians plunged into darkness as Ukraine launch Moscow drone attacks EXCLUSIVE 'Coward' Keir Starmer warned his 'party before people' move to axe local elections will block investment worth 'billions' to struggling economy NEW Labour has pushed back votes to 2027 in four areas that were due to gain a directly-elected mayor in 2026 in what critics said was a 'dictatorial' move. comments share 'Coward' Starmer warned election axe will block investment 'billions' Football legend Roberto Carlos is hospitalised with heart surgery 'complications' in Brazil Brazilian football icon Roberto Carlos has been hospitalised in Brazil with a heart problem - and surgery to fix it took over three hours due to 'complications'. 6 comments share Roberto Carlos is hospitalised with heart surgery 'complications' Do not consume warning issued as Waitrose urgently recalls bottled water that could contain shards of glass The supermarket said the products may pose a risk of injury if consumed and urged customers not to drink them. 34 comments 6 shares Unsafe to drink: Warning over bottled water laced with shards of glass HAPPY NEW YEAR! WORLD RINGS IN 2026 LIVE New Year's Eve: New Zealand becomes first major nation to see in 2026 as parties reach full swing across the world LIVEBLOG: Follow New Year's Eve celebrations across the globe as nations around the world throw parties to toast the final hours of the year before ushering in 2026. 67 comments 1 share LIVE: New Zealand becomes first major nation to see in 2026 NYE Around The World Single One of London's most popular New Year's Eve fireworks viewing spots is turned into no-go zone for 'public safety' after fatal stabbing Areas of the Primrose Hill have been cordoned off with solid green hoarding, while other parts have just the temporary fencing to prevent would-be spectators from entering. 113 comments 3 videos 1 share London New Year's Eve fireworks hotspot is turned into no-go zone The A-list descend on Aspen for New Year's on the slopes as Mariah Carey, Bella Hadid and Kevin Costner rub shoulders in ski town Aspen is the place to be for the Hollywood elite over the holiday season as the A-list crowd have been arriving in their droves to the ski town for New Year's. Bella Hadid, Mariah Carey, Brooks Nader and Kevin Costner are among the big names who have been spotted in Colorado in recent days. While their will no doubt be dozens of glitzy parties being hosted in Beverly Hills, many have opted to hit the slopes for the festive period. 22 comments 1 video share The A-list descend on Aspen for New Year's on the slopes Incoming Archbishop of Canterbury blasts 'unsafe' assisted dying law with ex-nurse warning cancer patients may choose suicide over chemotherapy Dame Sarah Mullally warned that the bill is 'unsafe' and people's decisions may be swayed by the poor quality of palliative and social care they receive. 153 comments share Incoming Archbishop of Canterbury blasts 'unsafe' assisted dying law I'm a food scientist... these are the seemingly healthy products that actually pose a serious risk to your health A food scientist has revealed the popular foods she avoids consuming due to the hidden dangers associated with them. 75 comments share I'm a food scientist... these products pose a risk to your health EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Brother of Kate's pal Rose weds into royalty His father's best friend is the Duke of Beaufort, while one of his sisters is a countess and the other a marchioness - not to mention a great chum of the Prince of Wales. 28 17 comments Kris Jenner, 70, reveals her wrinkly hands after months of hiding them under gloves following $100k facelift Kris Jenner may have dropped $100k on a face-lifting transformation, but her hands are telling a very different story. 26 1.1k comments 3 videos Anthony Joshua's haunting speech about death goes viral after he survived car crash that killed two of his best friends in Nigeria - as his family release first statement The British boxer, 36, was a passenger in the back of a black Lexus when it ploughed into a stationary truck on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway in Makun, Nigeria, tragically killing Sina Ghami and Latif Ayodele. Joshua, who has long been outspoken on the fragility of life, miraculously survived alongside the vehicle's other two passengers and is now being treated in Lagos's Duchess International Hospital. 2 comments share Anthony Joshua's speech about death goes viral after car crash Anthony Joshua may never fight again after losing his 'appetite' for boxing in crash which killed his friends, says Tyson Fury's manager Frank Warren in message about mental health fears Joshua, 36, was a passenger in the back of a black Lexus when it ploughed into a stationary truck on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway in Nigeria, claiming the lives of Sina Ghami and Latif Ayodele. 7 comments share Joshua may never fight again after car crash, says Fury's manager Anthony Joshua cried out 'I feel pain all over' after crash that killed his two friends: Champion boxer to spend New Year's Eve in luxury Nigerian hospital The two-time heavyweight world champion was a passenger in a black Lexus when it ploughed into a stationary truck on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway in Makun, Nigeria. 13 comments 2 videos 16 shares Anthony Joshua cried out 'I feel pain all over' after killer crash My once fabulous hair is now thin, frizzy and unflattering. Nothing would fix it... until I discovered this simple 'wonder' treatment that took less than an hour to work - and the results have blown me away After six years struggling with sparse hair, I was willing to give anything a go. 111 comments 2 shares The simple wonder treatment I discovered to fix my thin, frizzy hair EXCLUSIVE Police are facing ruin from Labour's 'soft justice crimewave': Forces set for £800million bill from plan to jail fewer criminals Labour's soft justice reforms will unleash a crimewave, pushing some forces to the brink of bankruptcy, warn police chiefs. 79 1k comments The Traitors star Charlotte Berman is pregnant after sharing fertility battles and hopes to spend the prize money on IVF NEW The Traitors star Charlotte Berman has shared the happy news she is expecting her first child with her husband Alexander. The PR guru from Hampshire famously put on a fake Welsh accent during her time on The Traitors at the start of the year.  And while she didn't win the show, Charlotte revealed she would have spent the prize money on IVF after experiencing her own fertility struggles. comments share The Traitors star Charlotte Berman is pregnant after fertility battle The best new TV shows and films to watch on Netflix in January: From a new Harlan Coben thriller to the return of a much-loved historical romance NEW Some bring back familiar favourites, others offer fresh new plotlines - but all of are worth cancelling your plans for. comments share The best new TV shows and films to watch on Netflix in January All my husband wants for Christmas is for me to do one thing... in bed. DEAR JANE, it's so extreme - I'm not sure I can follow through The holidays this year are incredibly stressful for me. I just got laid off from my job, and I've been wondering how I could possibly afford a Christmas present for my husband. 59 1.3k comments High street fashion brand loved by Princess Kate on brink of collapse NEW On Tuesday, the high-end chain, favoured by the Princess of Wales, filed an application with the high court to appoint an administrator to the business. comments share High street fashion brand loved by Princess Kate on brink of collapse Revealed: The most ANNOYING songs of 2025, according to science NEW Researchers from Seat Pick pulled the most popular songs of the year from the official charts, before running them through an 'annoyingness index'. comments 1 share Revealed: The most ANNOYING songs of 2025, according to science New year, new Chloe Green! Daughter of disgraced ex-Topshop boss shows off her super toned figure in St Barts with her husband and kids after stepping back from the spotlight NEW Chloe Green's new look caused a stir when she stepped out in St Barts for the first time in more than a year - after enjoying a private life out of the public eye. The heiress, 34, showed off her super toned frame on a double date with her husband Manuele Thiella, her brother Brandon and his girlfriend Tessa Thompson. Chloe's midriff-baring co-ord from Versace which cost £1460, revealed her gym-honed frame as she flaunted her new figure during the outing. 6 comments share Chloe Green's new life as she shows off super toned figure in St Barts New train tickets from just £10 to launch next week - how to bag the bargain deals and where to go The cost of millions of train tickets will be cut by more than 50 per cent for a week as part of a government scheme to ease the cost-of-living crisis. 5 comments share New train tickets from just £10 to launch next week British man gets rare skilled worker visa after hacking into the Australian government Ethical hacker Jacob Riggs, 36, was given one of Australia's rarest visas after he uncovered a critical flaw in the government's system. 45 comments share British man gets rare work visa after hacking Australian government San Francisco mayor sneaks through reparations bill just before Christmas that could give each black resident $5MILLION Mayor Daniel Lurie quietly signed the incredibly divisive Reparations Bill just two days before Christmas. 137 2.3k comments Frankie Bridge reveals her family is navigating a difficult period at home as BOTH her in-laws are recovering from serious medical procedures NEW Wayne's parents live with the couple in Surrey and have played an active role in helping to raise their two sons, Parker, 12, and Carter, ten. They moved in shortly after Parker was born. comments share Frankie Bridge says her in-laws are recovering from medical procedures Russia releases video 'evidence' of Ukrainian drone attack on Putin's residence Russia has released a video of a downed drone that it says Ukraine launched at one of President Vladimir Putin's residences. The clip, shot during the night, showed a damaged drone lying in the snow in a forested area in north-west Russia this week. Russia's defence ministry said the alleged attack was 'targeted, carefully planned, and carried out in stages' -  a claim Kyiv has denied as a 'lie'. 18 comments 2 videos share Russia's video 'evidence' of Ukraine drone attack on Putin's residence Gas boiler owners 'will subsidise heat pump users' with new levy under Ed Miliband's £15billion energy plans Energy Secretary Ed Miliband is expected to unveil a bumper £15billion warm homes plan next month following months of discussions with the Treasury over costs. 46 comments share Gas boiler owners 'will subsidise heat pump users' with levy Our ancestors were CANNIBALS: Scientists discover grisly evidence ancient human species ate Neanderthal children 45,000 years ago Early humans may have feasted on Neanderthal children 45,000 years ago, according to a grisly new study. 25 comments 1 share Scientists discover evidence ancient humans ate Neanderthal children Katy Perry and ex Orlando Bloom enjoy a festive ride with their daughter Daisy Dove at Winter Wonderland as they reunite for Christmas outing after she made her romance with Justin Trudeau Instagram official Katy Perry and her ex Orlando Bloom were every inch the amicable co-parents as they enjoyed a festive trip to Winter Wonderland on Tuesday. The pair split in July after six years together, but have reunited for a Christmas outing in the UK with their six-year-old daughter Daisy Dove. Spending three hours at the iconic festive park, both Katy and Orlando were seen taking their daughter on the rides that were on offer. 17 comments share Katy Perry and ex Orlando Bloom enjoy trip to Winter Wonderland Tributes to 'much loved' mother who died in crash between Fiat and bus days after Christmas Karen Marks, 34, was killed in the fatal collision on the A10 road near Ely - Cambridgeshire - at midday on Sunday December 28. 1 comment share Tributes to 'much loved' mother who died in bus crash Did you have a surprisingly blissful Christmas? This is why it's time to worry... as we reveal the eight subtle signs your partner is about to drop the divorce bomb: SARA DAVISON The festive season is usually a time for cosiness and connection. But for some couples, this Christmas might have revealed the cracks in their relationship. 76 comments share The 8 subtle signs your partner is about to drop the divorce bomb The worst dates to visit Disneyland revealed - and when to go instead Millions of Mickey Mouse merchandise-wearing fans rush through the gates of Disneyland, in California, each year. 3 comments share The worst dates to visit Disneyland revealed Aston Villa fan is taken off EasyJet flight by Spanish cops after 'drinking cans of Stella and shouting about Birmingham' - as fellow passengers applaud and say 'your team are s**t' An Aston Villa fan was taken off an EasyJet flight by Spanish police amid claims from passengers he was 'drinking cans of Stella while shouting about Birmingham'. 36 comments 1 video share Aston Villa fan is taken off EasyJet plane Mel Gibson's rarely-seen NINE children - including four that have followed his Hollywood footsteps - as the star splits from his girlfriend of nine years Rosalind Ross Mel Gibson's split from his partner Rosalind Ross came as a surprise to many fans, with the pair sharing the end of their relationship in a joint statement on Tuesday. While best known for his acting roles, the Hollywood star's vast family has also drawn attention, with the Braveheart director the proud father of nine children with three different partners. Mel welcomed seven of his children, Hannah, 45, Edward, 43, Christian, 43, William, 40, Louis, 37, Milo, 35, and Thomas, 26, with his wife of 29 years, Robyn Moore, before she filed for divorce in 2009. 6 comments share Mel Gibson's rarely-seen NINE children after romance split The popular holiday spots that tried to ban stag-dos - but the opposite happened Three party cities have seen a crackdown on rowdy, drunken behaviour recently. Yet despite efforts to increase decorum, these hotspots still see many stag-dos each year. 2 comments share The popular holiday spots that tried to ban stag-dos - and failed Can YOU guess which popular inventions made their creators millions? From Cluedo to tin cans - some geniuses became millionaires, while others netted just a few thousand pounds There is big money to be made from pioneering inventions which go on to fly off the shelves for many years to come - yet not always for the original creators themselves. 85 comments 1 video share Can YOU guess which popular inventions made their creators millions? Zara McDermott reveals her dad is 'in a pretty bad way' as he is left 'traumatised' after having major surgery in health update to fans The former Love Island star turned TV presenter, 29, gave the worrying health update on Alan, 63, during her Christmas vlog. 15 comments share Zara McDermott reveals her dad is 'in a bad way' after major surgery Asylum seekers should be electronically tagged so they can be tracked, says policing chief Katy Bourne, the Police and Crime Commissioner for Sussex, has proposed electronic tags are used on asylum seekers. 63 1k comments Radical US Democrat congresswoman Ilhan Omar facing probe over how her family wealth rocketed from near-nothing to $30 million in just one year Ilhan Omar's financial disclosure forms detail a shocking increase in assets, with one listing skyrocketing from only $1,000 to a maximum of $30million. 364 3.2k comments 2 videos So who else didn't make the cut for Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay's wedding? After disinviting his family, Olympian also snubbed his swimming pal and his Strictly dance partner It has perhaps been the most dramatic wedding of the year with the disinvited list mounting up to be longer than the actual invite list.  Adam Peaty's parents were left heartbroken after his mother Caroline was disinvited from his wedding to Holly Ramsay.  However it wasn't just family feuds that affected the big day with his swimming pal Michael Gunning also struck off the guest list, while his Strictly partner Katya Jones also didn't attend. 326 comments 21 shares Everyone who didn't make the cut for Adam Peaty and Holly's wedding The surprising sign in your eyes that indicates if you'll get dementia later in life Memory loss is the tell-tale sign that you or a loved one could be developing dementia. However, science shows your eyes could hold the first signs of the devastating disease years before diagnosis. 198 comments 19 shares The surprising sign in your eyes that indicates if you'll get dementia Flight attendant reveals the perfect economy seat for a long-haul flight A seasoned flight attendant, who has flown with Virgin Atlantic for five years, reveals the best and worst seats for economy travel. 38 127 comments Inside Anthony Joshua's life in Nigeria: AJ's aristocratic Yoruba background, spell at boarding school learning harsh 'discipline' and how he gives back to the community after tragic car crash Rather than visit the luxury destinations popular with his sporting peers, Joshua was eager to share his success after with his close friends and relatives in his ancestral region of Ogun State in Nigeria. 15 comments 1 share Inside Anthony Joshua's life in Nigeria after tragic car crash 'I can't wait forever. It was cold': Unai Emery's bizarre reason why he snubbed Mikel Arteta handshake after bruising defeat by Arsenal - but new footage reveals the truth The Gunners struck four times in the second half to claim a statement win at the Emirates, delivering a hammer blow to a Villa side who were subject to growing talk of a Premier League title challenge. 31 123 comments Moment dangerous driver leads police on hair-raising 100mph chase as he's jailed for 18 months Sarwar Rasool Mustafa ran red lights and overtook vehicles at speeds of up to 100mph across Dorset. Dashcam footage showed the moment Mustafa began overtaking cars in an attempt to make a getaway. As the police chase continued, cars on both sides were forced to pull onto the hard shoulder to avoid being hit as Mustafa veered onto the wrong side of the road. 27 comments 1 video share Moment dangerous driver leads police on 100mph chase Rob Reiner and wife Michele's final holiday card is delivered to close friend weeks after their brutal murders A close friend of Rob Reiner and his wife Michele Reiner has revealed she received one of the couple's final holiday cards just days after they were killed. 107 comments 1 video share Rob and Michele Reiner's final holiday card is received after murders Woman who travels on cruises for FREE reveals her top tip for getting a better cabin One woman is able to tick off bucket-list destinations while paying 'almost zero expenses' - spending half her time travelling the world on cruises with her husband. 19 comments share Woman who travels on cruises for FREE reveals how to get better cabins Why Prince Harry was filled with regret after first Taliban air strike on New Year's Eve in 2012 - as 'Captain Wales' learned he needed to 'trust my gut' Known by his fellow combat members as 'Captain Wales', Harry first served in the Helmand Province for a short period  in 2007, before returning to the frontline in December 2012. 274 comments 1 video share Harry's regret after Taliban air strike on New Year's Eve in 2012 Westlife's Mark Feehily gives a health update in his first Instagram post in a year after pulling out of the band's 25th anniversary tour Mark Feehily has shared an update with his fans following a period of ill health after battling several illnesses over the past few years. 24 comments 23 shares Westlife's Mark Feehily gives health update in first post in a year Body found in search for Texas teen who vanished while going for a walk on Christmas Eve Camila Mendoza Olmos, 19, was last seen on a neighbor's surveillance camera leaving her San Antonio neighborhood just before 7am Wednesday, prompting a week-long search as authorities warned she could be in 'imminent danger.' 833 comments 2 videos 460 shares Body found in search for Texas teen who vanished on a Christmas walk The eleven outfits that spoke the loudest about the women wearing them in 2025: SHANE WATSON reveals the hidden messages Clothes as we know can be fun or functional and in certain situations, especially when the women wearing them are in the public spotlight. 325 comments 37 shares SHANE WATSON reveals hidden messages of the most iconic looks of 2025 Blind psychic Baba Vanga's prophecy reveals the exact year of humanity's 'absolute doomsday' A blind psychic not only claimed to predict the end of humanity and the universe, but also laid out a detailed timeline of how it will happen. 25 1.1k comments Your browser does not support iframes. Princess Kate and Prince William share some of their favourite unseen photos from 2025 Princess Catherine and Prince William have shared an unseen collection of their favourite photos from 2025. They picked one snap from every month of the year, and each features one or both of the Royal couple during a memorable occasion. Ranging from grand set-piece events to intimate moments, the photos reflect the broad range of Kate and William's duties and passions. 590 comments 1 video 42 shares Kate and William share some of their favourite unseen photos from 2025 Search DON'T MISS So who else didn't make the cut for Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay's wedding? After disinviting his family, Olympian also snubbed his pal and Strictly dance partner KATIE HIND: I've crossed paths with Lily Allen numerous times this is why I think she is utterly vile Adam Peaty's mum shares heartbreaking hope for 2026 as she says 'I deserve a year that doesn't hurt' and admits she's 'lost a piece of herself' after bitter feud with her son Katie Price brings mum Amy to tears with heart-warming Christmas present granting her a 'new lease of life' amid lung disease battle in emotional video SARAH VINE: I know the sad reason the Ramsays snubbed the Peatys... and it's all because of Gordon's shame Hugh Jackman and Kate Hudson team up for Song Sung Blue: How a freak accident turned a small-town tribute act into Hollywood's next big crowd pleaser Ad Feature Katy Perry and ex Orlando Bloom enjoy a festive ride with their daughter Daisy Dove at Winter Wonderland as they reunite for Christmas outing The 'sucker punch to the gut' Britney Spears dealt her family over Christmas: Insiders reveal why there's still 'hope of reconciliation' The Traitors star Charlotte Berman is pregnant after sharing fertility battles and hopes to spend the prize money on IVF From cordless cleaners to Premier League dreams: The unlikely story behind football's smartest partnership Ad Feature Eva Mendes gives a glimpse of the luxury London Hampstead home she shares with Ryan Gosling and their children as he shoots new movie in the UK New year, new Chloe Green! Heiress' lifestyle overhaul revealed as she shows off her super toned figure in St Barts with her husband and kids after stepping back from the spotlight Ranvir Singh fights back tears on Good Morning Britain bidding farewell to ITV legend after 20 years on show - with Richard Madeley clutching her hand in support Westlife's Mark Feehily gives a health update in his first Instagram post in a year after pulling out of the band's 25th anniversary tour Support when saving a life, sharing the household chores, and automatically building savings: The five best apps to help improve your 2026 Ad Feature Zara McDermott reveals her dad is 'in a pretty bad way' as he is left 'traumatised' after having major surgery in health update to fans Frankie Bridge reveals her family is navigating a difficult period at home as BOTH her in-laws are recovering from serious medical procedures Adam Peaty's sister Bethany reveals the lavish bridesmaid gifts she received from new sister-in-law Holly Ramsay Mel Gibson's rarely-seen NINE children - including four that have followed his Hollywood footsteps - as the star splits from his girlfriend Rosalind Ross The home cleaning revolution: Smart ways to keep your house in order, without spending all weekend doing it. Ad Feature The A-list descend on Aspen for New Year's on the slopes as Mariah Carey, Bella Hadid and Kevin Costner rub shoulders in ski town Olivia Attwood treats her two adopted dogs to an alternative Christmas at The Corinthia Hotel - after PETA blasted Kim and Khloe Kardashian for 'inexcusably callous' behaviour Millie Mackintosh vows to 'always trust her intuition' and to 'leave behind relationships that cost her peace' in reflective New Year's Eve post after ditching her manager Giovanni Pernice to reunite with former Strictly co-stars for special event over a year after he left show following Amanda Abbington bullying row Fairy-tale villages, castle tours and dinner at Austria's oldest winery: These enchanting river cruises will take you to the heart of each picturesque port of call you visit Ad Feature Kris Jenner's wrinkly hands REVEALED after months of hiding them under gloves to conceal signs of aging after $100k facelift Celebrity Apprentice sparks fix row as viewers claim one star's 'unfair advantage' should lead to 'instant disqualification' - and are 'gutted' by result Welcome to Chelsea! Sam Thompson and his new girlfriend Talitha Balinska sport matching shirts as he introduces her to his football team Nick Knowles breaks down in tears on DIY SOS as woman reveals devastating impact of local youth club being shut down 'Work maintained my sense of self': How one woman's cancer journey inspired her company to give back Ad Feature Rita Ora's NYC fashion parade ahead of her third Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve concert in the city Katy Perry and ex Orlando Bloom REUNITE with daughter Daisy at Paddington musical... six months after split Crossing paths Scott Mills reveals the hilarious moment his dad found out he was on The Masked Singer after he slated his 'awful' performance Nicola Peltz soaks up the sun as she celebrates festive period in Florida with husband Brooklyn amid family feud Heidi Klum, 50, goes topless AGAIN as she splashes around the water with Tom Kaulitz, 36, in St. Barths Looking good Laura Woods looks healthy and happy as she celebrates Christmas with fiancée Adam Collard and their baby son Leo North West seems to REMOVE her controversial finger piercing just weeks after firing back at critics Queen Camilla chilling reveals having to 'fight off' sex attacker on train as a teenager and says the incident left her 'furious' Lindsay Lohan, 39, looks extremely youthful as she cozies up to husband Bader Shammas for rare photo The cast of Malcolm In The Middle don't look like this anymore! Stars of iconic TV show are unrecognisable as they reunite The Princess Bride star Cary Elwes pays tribute to director Rob Reiner after his death Princess Anne's witty response as she's presented with flowers at Sandringham - as fans go wild over her 'humble' nature Mickey Rourke faces eviction from LA home over $60k in unpaid rent after he was booted from Celebrity Big Brother house Kanye West praises wife Bianca Censori after reuniting with ex Kim Kardashian for Christmas EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Brother of Kate's pal Rose weds into royalty His father's best friend is none other than the Duke of Beaufort Mariah Carey flashes cleavage in glitzy blazer and cowboy hat before strutting her stuff in glam fur coat during Aspen getaway Taylor Swift keeps spreading 'kindness' with 'generous' holiday donations to help kids in Nashville and Kansas City Mel Gibson, 69, and Rosalind Ross, 35, SPLIT  after nine years together as they vow to 'be the best parents' to their son Rylan Clark cringes with embarrassment after being tasked with introducing diabolical Christmas biscuit advert on Celebrity Apprentice Rob Rinder is fired from Celebrity Apprentice - despite calling in his Hollywood pals to flog festive biscuits Justin Bieber shows off bikini-clad wife Hailey along with rare new photos of son Jack Petty Adam Peaty is a snake and his actions reveal the real reason behind his family feud: LIZ JONES EXCLUSIVE Ricky Gervais' net worth revealed: Comedy star, 64, raked in an eye-watering amount last year Kylie Jenner's sister Kim Kardashian looks glam as she leaves Timothee Chalamet's 30th birthday bash in LA Chelsea fan Callum Turner fumes as Arsenal thrash Aston Villa - while fiancee and Gunners fan Dua Lipa shrieks with delight Oasis amassed one MILLION album sales in 2025 despite not releasing a single new record in 17 years Still popular Hilary Swank shares rare photo of her twins after airport outburst to mother taking dying kids on Make-a-Wish trip Bruce Willis' wife Emma Heming marks their 18th anniversary amid veteran actor's dementia battle Jennifer Aniston, 56, gets stamp of approval from boyfriend Jim Curtis as she strips down to string bikini Looking good Tom Hiddleston calls becoming a parent a 'life-altering' experience after welcoming second child with fiancée Zawe Ashton Sherrie Hewson, 75, reveals exactly what she eats in a day to maintain her slim figure Braless Kristen Stewart is nearly unrecognizable as she steps out with wife Dylan Meyer The pair tied the knot on April 20 in Los Angeles Rob and Michele Reiner's longtime friend finds comfort in knowing they are 'holding hands forever' after double homicide Return of Girl Power! The young British female acts who are driving an increase in music sales It's enough to make the Spice Girls holler Scarlett Moffatt is seen for the first time since announcing she suffered a miscarriage with her fiancé Scott Dobinson The Wire star Isiah Whitlock Jr. dies at 71 after starring in multiple Spike Lee films Sad news Princess Kate and Prince William share some of their favourite unseen photos from 2025 Jessie J shares an emotional life update with fans and says 2025 was 'one of the hardest years' of her life after breast cancer battle Jessica Alba shares family snaps from her first Christmas after divorcing Cash Warren The actress is moving on after split Chloe Green shows off her super-toned figure as she holds hands with husband Manuele Thiella on double date with her brother Brandon England footballer Trent Alexander-Arnold's stunning model girlfriend Estelle Behnke steals the show in a thong bikini during a winter break in Barbados Mia McKenna-Bruce reveals she couldn't even name all four Beatles before being cast as Ringo Starr's late wife in new biopics Emily Atack is 'wanted by Disney bosses to front a reboot of Blind Date' - as show prepares to return after 22 years off air Lauren Goodger and Dani Dyer lead the stars at 02 Arena as they treat their children to a day out at Disney On Ice Legendary Emmerdale star bids farewell to soap as it's confirmed his character has been KILLED in 'harrowing' scenes Davina McCall and Michael Douglas admit they can't wait for 2025 to end after suffering a 'hell of a year' following brain tumour diagnosis CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Hercules The Bear - A Love Story: The adorable grizzly who starred with Bond Emily Atack strips off for an outdoor hot tub as she enjoys a festive countryside spa getaway with her son Barney, 18 months Meghan Markle is named most disappointing celebrity of 2025 by her former hometown paper Toronto Star Forget crash diets: This popular wellness app supports healthier habits - without calorie counting SHOPPING Peter Kay builds up £23million property empire as his incredible fortune is revealed as the UK's best paid comedian Ashley Roberts, 44, shows off her incredibly toned figure in a mint green bikini as she soaks up the sun in Mauritius Adam Peaty's sister Bethany is accused of 'betraying' her family by attending her brother's wedding to Holly Ramsay EXCLUSIVE Megyn Kelly makes embarrassing sex claim about Jane Fonda as she names 'meanest' celebrities Outrage as Bad Bunny violates sacred artifact at museum Fans have called the singer 'ignorant' and 'privileged' Antiques Roadshow's Theo Burrell 'flattened' by chemotherapy as she delivers heartbreaking update on terminal cancer diagnosis BBC2 viewers praise 'brilliant and hilarious' Hercules The Bear as true story of a retired wrestler and grizzly he 'treated like a son' airs BBC Breakfast guest fights back tears as she receives bittersweet news in fallout from teenage son's death Emotional Travis Kelce's old mentor reveals why Taylor Swift will be lucky to have him as her husband Call the Midwife's Helen George fears feminism faces its biggest ever threat amid surge of support for Reform UK Adam Peaty family feud worsens as he is accused of uninviting his great aunt and uncle from wedding to Holly Ramsay just days before the ceremony Sutton Foster 'mad with jealousy' over Hugh Jackman's intense chemistry with Kate Hudson on set of new film Adam Peaty is now accused of 'uninviting Olympic swimming pal from his wedding to Holly Ramsay' Rob Reiner and wife Michele's final holiday card is delivered to close friend weeks after their brutal murders Terrible tragedy Post Malone FALLS to the floor after attempting backflip off a chair during livestream Embarrassing Comedian Dom Joly claims he had US visa application rejected after criticising Donald Trump online Awkward Maura Higgins strips to her bra as she jumps in the hot tub on a £380-a-night girls' cabin retreat in Cumbria with her pals Good times A Place In The Sun's Danni Menzies strips down to string bikini and Santa hat for bracing cold dip in freezing loch Racy Country superstar Lorrie Morgan's nepo-baby son reveals he is sober after dad died of alcohol poisoning Sabrina Carpenter takes a swipe at former flame Barry Keoghan as she says 'it's been a tough year but at least I didn't get back with my ex' Mark Wright's mum Carol gives a surprising insight into his marriage to Michelle Keegan as she reveals she 'holds back' to avoid rows Angelina Jolie is 'ready for life beyond LA' as she takes big step toward FINALLY leaving America Moving on Stranger Things fans break down in tears as Netflix drops last ever trailer ahead of finale - marking the 'end of an era' Amy Schumer shares BIKINI snap before stripping down in SKIMS to flaunt jaw-dropping 50lb weight loss Slimmed down Vicky Pattison criticises 'irresponsible' Kim and Khloe Kardashian for giving each of their kids puppies for Christmas Lily James wows in skimpy swimwear as she poses on the beach in Australia and declares she's 'grateful and excited for a new year' Charlotte Crosby shows off her figure in a leopard print bikini as she enjoys a New Year's break to the Maldives after being criticised by mum-shamers Gemma Collins displays her incredible weight loss in a black and blue bikini as she shares an inspiring end-of-year message Felicity Kendal says it's 'a shame' plays require trigger warnings and blasts 'terrible' West End pricing The dos and don'ts of taking your wife's name: Brooklyn Beckham and Adam Peaty think they're terribly modern men - but got it wrong Wife of Miley Cyrus' ex hilariously forces him to listen to her music because their kids 'deserve to know the classics' Paul Mescal enjoys wholesome family Christmas in Ireland as his girlfriend Gracie Abrams sends sweet message to his sister EastEnders actress Tracy-Ann Oberman accuses celebs of speaking out in support of political issues Rita Ora stuns in a fur-trim coat and chic grey look as she attends junket ahead of hosting Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Ellen DeGeneres unveils dramatic hair change after embracing gray for a year The 67-year-old revealed a new look Rob Reiner's son Jake picks up coffee order in moment of normalcy... after devastating deaths of his parents Gemma Atkinson says she's proud of her lads' mag past and admits she 'loved' posing for racy shoots Kelly Brook admits to using I'm A Celebrity as an 'audition' for Celebrity Traitors - and breaks silence on complaints she showed her 'true colours' in the jungle Peter Andre undergoes emergency treatment on his teeth after being kicked in the face by a fan who had 'too much to drink' Cardi B explodes at critics attacking her relationship with baby daddy Stefon Diggs in expletive-laden rant Tom Hiddleston hints at 'monumental' Marvel return in Avengers Doomsday as he details shedding his 'people pleaser' persona Myleene Klass, 47, shows off her incredible abs (and impressive flexibility!) as she performs a handstand up against her £140K G Wagon Katherine Schwarzenegger looks somber going makeup-free after Chris Pratt's cozy reunion with ex Anna Faris Zoe Ball opens up on her 'lover' and reveals what she finds 'sexy' - weeks after confirming she's moved a mystery man into her home 90210 star Ian Ziering accused of battery by biker in new lawsuit over 2023 roadside brawl Louis Tomlinson's sisters, 21, hit back at the assumption he buys them houses and cars and insist they get 'no financial benefit' from their sibling Sir Anthony Hopkins marks 50 years of sobriety as he advises others to 'choose life instead of the opposite' in inspirational clip Penny Lancaster, 54, shows off her 'Hot Legs' as she and Rod Stewart, 80, treat their brood to a lavish dinner at The Ritz Gemma Atkinson, 41, reveals daily workout plan to maintain her strong physique Zoe Ball, 55, reveals she's desperate to be a grandmother and says she'd have more children if she wasn't 'too old' Jessie J shares emotional tribute as she marks the seventh anniversary of the death of her bodyguard Dave Holly Ramsay's bridesmaids are mocked for having wedding bouquets that resemble spring onions in 'tribute' to her celebrity chef father EXCLUSIVE Sharon Stone 'over the moon' as her eldest son Roan announces his engagement to Ukrainian beauty Jimmy Kimmel is 'spiraling' after best friend Cleto Escobedo's sudden death at 59 Oprah Winfrey reveals GLP-1 weight loss drug made her quit drinking alcohol after wild '17 shots' night Lauren Sanchez and Jeff Bezos mocked as they party with bikini-clad bottle service women in St Barts: 'They're too old for this' Chevy Chase exiled by Community co-stars 13 years after alleged on-set racism incident Made In Chelsea's Rosie Fortescue shows off her figure in white satin lingerie before enjoying a night out Cardi B hits back at NFL fans over her relationship with Patriots star Stefon Diggs Kevin Costner, 70, enjoys a night out with his daughter Lily, 39, as they step out in Aspen ahead of New Year's Eve Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock claims her record label 'don't have the budget' to release her debut solo album Georgia Harrison reveals Prince William burst out laughing when she 'almost hit the deck' with her 'theatrical curtsy' when she received her MBE Little House On The Prairie stars Melissa Gilbert and Melissa Sue Anderson have emotional reunion after decades-long feud Home Improvement star Zachery Ty Bryan could face full prison sentence after admitting to violating probation X Factor legend Chico Slimani denies drink driving as he blames cough medicine for failing breathalyser test X Factor host takes withering swipe at 'dreadful and delusional' stars of Celebrity Coach Trip as he names and shames them in VERY blunt TikTok videos The Doctor's unlikely new companion: How Who's Russell T Davies, 62, hinted at new romance by introducing boyfriend Oliver Cole, 27, to the iconic TARDIS BBC Breakfast fans overjoyed as beloved host returns after months away from show - and beg for them to be permanent presenter Tyson Fury breaks his silence on Anthony Joshua's car crash - and appears to confirm his return from boxing retirement The night I was invited to a threesome with Brigitte Bardot: GLENYS ROBERTS Newlyweds Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay say goodbye to family rift as they jet off on honeymoon after drama-filled wedding JoJo Siwa, 22, shares photos of her major transformation as she reflects on her 'beautiful year' amid romance with Chris Hughes, 33 Robbie Williams, 51, shows off his buff physique in shirtless 'thirst trap' shared by adoring wife Ayda Field after detailing his body dysmorphia battle EXCLUSIVE The amount Claudia Winkleman will be paid for new talk show as insiders tell KATIE HIND of plot behind move Alice Evans steps out with her daughters as her bitter two-year divorce from their father Ioan Gruffudd nears completion EXCLUSIVE As Harry and Meghan's most loyal aide leaves, insiders tell ALISON BOSHOFF what's really going on Seeing double: How Adam Peaty looks just like wife Holly's dad Gordon Ramsay at the same age Vicky Pattison and husband Ercan Ramadan splash out on a £700-a-night London staycation to celebrate their anniversary Celebrity Escape To The Country fans NOT convinced as Angellica Bell tours properties in 'staged' BBC episode - but can YOU see why? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 38, and Jason Statham, 58, share rare snaps of their children as they splash out on a festive family break 'The mam police have been losing it': Charlotte Crosby hits out at mum-shamers after pranking her followers with hilarious snap of baby daughter Pixi on a flight to the Maldives BBC star who quit TV job for off-grid life in the woods faces losing her £150,000 'dream' home unless abiding by strict zero carbon rules 'He's got a really youthful thing going on': Mia McKenna-Bruce, 28, opens up about her on-screen romance with 'heartthrob' Matt Dillon EastEnders fans call out embarrassing blunder during heart-wrenching scene in BBC Christmas special - but can YOU spot it? Strictly Come Dancing pro Nadiya Bychkova launches acting career as leading lady in new Netflix film about ballroom rivalry and romance Adam Peaty's ex girlfriend brands his surname change 'hypocritical' after marriage to Holly Ramsay Victoria Beckham launches rare January sale on most-loved fashion items - including iconic Rolls-Royce slogan T-shirt Coronation Street's Georgia May Foote says it's been 'the worst year of my life' as she breaks silence on her divorce in emotional post Sussex staff exodus is a sign Prince Harry and Meghan are 'unravelling at speed' - as couple lose 12th top aide Arise Sir Idris: Actor is knighted for campaign against knife crime while the Lionesses lead sporting heroes in New Year's Honours Ricky Gervais says the working classes are the only people he can mock without facing backlash Keira Knightley reveals she issued her husband James Righton an ultimatum over his 'bizarre' habits and admits she had to 'train him' in their early days of dating Love Island's Wes Nelson reveals he will spend New Year's Eve undergoing surgery in hospital after suffering a pain injury Rita Ora looks chic in a brown fur coat as she arrives for Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve rehearsals before slipping into a stylish white co-ord 'They HATE each other!' gasp Celebrity Apprentice viewers as tensions boil over and star 'spits their dummy out' during fiery clash Kate and William's nanny is recognised by the King in New Year Honours list after 12 years of loyal service to the Waleses Heartwarming moment Victoria Beckham dances with her rarely-seen dad Tony Adams during Christmas celebrations without son Brooklyn The Holiday actor who escaped the 'Misfits curse' which tragically claimed the lives of his co-stars shortly after filming ended The cast of Malcolm In The Middle don't look like this anymore! Stars of iconic TV show are unrecognisable as they reunite 25 years after the series premiered for reboot Malcolm In The Middle's stars have reunited as they film its long-awaited reboot - and they are almost completely unrecognisable a quarter of a century on from the show's 2000 premiere. 84 comments 1 video share The cast of Malcolm In The Middle don't look like this anymore! Welcome to Chelsea! Sam Thompson and his new girlfriend Talitha Balinska sport matching shirts as he introduces her to his football team The reality star, 33, brought Talitha along to a Chelsea football match for a home game at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday night. 54 comments share Sam Thompson introduces new girlfriend Talitha Balinska to Chelsea US military kills seven ISIS fighters in Syria after National Guard soldiers were ambushed The US military announced on Tuesday that at least seven ISIS fighters were killed and a dozen members of the terrorist group were captured in Syria this month. 97 comments 2 videos 34 shares US military kills seven ISIS fighters in Syria Frantic mother jumps off dock to rescue four-year-old girl who was trapped between CRUISE SHIP and pier in the Bahamas A heart-stopping video showed  a mom and her four-year-old being rescued after she jumped off a dock, as Carnival Cruise employees rushed in with life rafts at the ship's luxurious Bahamas getaway. 476 comments 14 shares Mom rescues girl, 4, who was trapped between CRUISE SHIP and pier CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Hercules The Bear - A Love Story: The adorable grizzly who starred with Bond and loved a glass of cheap fizz Christopher Stevens: This adorable grizzly, the beloved pet of wrestler Andy Robin and his wife Maggie at their farm near Dunblane, enjoyed a moment of global celebrity in the 1980s. 41 comments 1 video share CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Hercules The Bear - A Love Story How I look better than ever at 51: After two pregnancies and a divorce, ROSIE GREEN reveals exactly what she did to swap a wobbly tummy for the best abs of her life... and why age is no barrier After two pregnancies, my tummy had a bit of wobble. I thought this was how it would be for life. 16 shares How I swapped a wobbly tummy for the best abs of my life at 51 Nicola Peltz soaks up the sun as she celebrates festive period in Florida with husband Brooklyn after missing out on Beckham Christmas amid family feud Nicola Peltz soaked up the sun in Miami, Florida as she continued to ring in the festive season with her billionaire parents.  The actress, 30, took to Instagram on Tuesday to share a snap of herself relaxing on a sun lounger at the family's £76million estate.  Both Nicola and her husband Brooklyn, 26, decided to snub the Beckham's Christmas in the Cotswolds and spend it in the US instead, amid the bitter family feud. 199 comments 1 video share Nicola Peltz soaks up the sun after missing out on Beckham Christmas We should get a bank holiday for England's forgotten king, campaigners say England was first unified under King Aethelstan in 927AD, and this year marks 1,100 years since he was crowned the first monarch of England. 400 comments share We should get bank holiday for England's forgotten king - campaigners The best destination for low-cost winter sun this January revealed - with 15 degree temperatures and flights under £40 As winter kicks into gear and the icy, cold weather properly begins in the UK some Brits might be looking for an escape. 16 comments share The best destination for low-cost winter sun this January revealed How to celebrate New Year's Eve like a billionaire! Annual superyacht showdown begins as the mega-wealthy including Jeff Bezos and Michael Jordan gather in St Barths It's that time of the year again when the world's most rich and famous arrive via private jet, helicopter and gigantic superyacht to celebrate New Year's Eve in St Barths. US tech billionaire Jeff Bezos, his wife, Lauren Sanchez, and Chloe Green, the daughter of retail tycoon Sir Philip Green, are just some of the celebrities who have already been spotted at the luxury Caribbean island. The climax of festivities is no doubt the midnight fireworks display that illuminates the sky above Fort Oscar, overlooking the Gustavia Harbor. When the clock strikes 12, it's tradition for the hundreds of megayachts to sound their foghorns in unison, creating a choir of jubilation across the glittering water. 110 comments share How to celebrate New Year's Eve like a billionaire! 1 in 3 believe 'Britishness' is something you are born with - poll More than half (53 per cent) also think being born in Britain is an important part of being British - while a quarter of people surveyed said it was 'not important at all'. 173 comments share 1 in 3 believe 'Britishness' is something you are born with - poll My niece is sleeping on the floor because The Range refuses to replace faulty bed: SALLY SORTS IT I am writing about my niece's awful experience with furniture retailer The Range. I feel it has failed to show a shred of compassion towards her. 56 comments share The Range won't replace my niece's faulty bed: SALLY SORTS IT How to enjoy some of Disney World's best features without paying for a park ticket There are plenty of experiences to enjoy during a Walt Disney World Resort trip in America. 5 comments share How to enjoy Disney World's best features without a park ticket I've tried hundreds new beauty launches this year - these are the 13 products I'll be repurchasing in 2026 These are the products I finished, fought my way to the last drop of or genuinely missed the second they ran out. 2 comments share 13 of the best beauty products I've tried this year Here's looking at Pugh! From Budgets to the Beckhams, how our cartoonist laughed through 2025 From Rachel Reeves' tax-raiding budget to familial rifts among one of Britain's most famous broods, 2025 has been nothing short of eventful.  In the last year, the country has experienced the highs of watching the Lionesses  make English football history after winning back-to-back European championships.  But the last twelve months has also seen lows, with Labour presiding over the biggest job slump since Covid as the economic outlook continued to appear grim. 26 comments share From Budgets to the Beckhams, how our cartoonist laughed through 2025 Third man arrested after fatal hit and run that saw pedestrian in his 80s 'carried on top of car for more than a mile' The pensioner was struck down by a grey Mercedes in Gillingham, Kent, on Monday afternoon. share Third man arrested after man in his 80s killed in fatal hit and run Was your flight ruined by a screaming child who caused chaos? DEAN DUNHAM reveals the steps to take to try to get your money back A Money Mail reader writes: On a recent trip to Italy, my wife and I shelled out for premium economy tickets on the plane as it was our wedding anniversary. 152 comments share Our flight was ruined by a screaming child. Can we get our money back? JFK GRANDDAUGHTER DIES More heartbreak for Caroline Kennedy after daughter Tatiana Schlossberg's cancer death aged just 35: Dad JFK was murdered, only sibling JFK Jr. was killed in plane crash and mother Jackie died of lymphoma aged 64 The death of Tatiana Schlossberg marks the latest in a 60-year series of tragedies for her mother Caroline Kennedy. 79 comments 1 video share More heartbreak for Caroline Kennedy after daughter's cancer death Heartbroken Jack Schlossberg seen outside his sister Tatiana's house just hours after her tragic death Kennedy scion Jack Schlossberg was pictured getting into a cab with a bag in his hand just hours after his sister died of leukemia. 305 comments 91 shares Jack Schlossberg seen outside his sister Tatiana's house Maria Shriver leads emotional Kennedy family tributes to Tatiana Schlossberg with heartbreaking message Tributes have started pouring in for President John F Kennedy's granddaughter, Tatiana Schlossberg, who died of blood cancer on Tuesday at the age of 35. 224 comments 5 shares Maria Shriver leads emotional family tributes to Tatiana Schlossberg Terrifying moment car crashes through the air sending its driver into nearby swimming pool Shocking surveillance footage caught the moment a car crashed through the backyard of a Nevada home (left), flying into the roof of a pool house as the allegedly impaired driver was ejected and landed in a nearby swimming pool. In the end, the wrecked vehicle could be seen coming to a stop atop debris (right) with its roof torn open while a figure floated in the pool. 38 comments share Car crashes through the air sending its driver into swimming pool Revealed: The secret to sticking to your New Year's resolutions They may be well-intentioned, but the fact is only one in four of us stick to our New Year's resolutions, studies show. 31 comments share How to commit to your New Year's resolutions Outrage as Bad Bunny violates sacred artifact at museum Fans are outraged after seeing an image of Bad Bunny violating a sacred artifact housed in a museum, calling him 'ignorant' and 'privileged.' 900 comments 1 video 41 shares Outrage as Bad Bunny violates sacred artifact at museum EXCLUSIVE Rapper jailed for his role in brutal gang war flaunts luxurious lifestyle and hangs out with Amir Khan in Dubai - just days after being deported from Britain to Jamaica An acclaimed rapper who was deported to Jamaica part way through an eleven year jail term has jetted off to Dubai where he is flaunting his luxurious lifestyle online. Marnz Malone, 24, was locked up in 2021 for threatening rival gang members with a gun in Birmingham. And just four years later, the rapper can be seen posing with boxer Amir Khan and clutching large shopping bags from a Burberry store in Dubai. 105 comments 1 video share Rapper jailed for role in gang war flaunts luxury lifestyle in Dubai Meghan Markle is named most disappointing celebrity of 2025 by her former hometown paper Toronto Star Meghan Markle, 44, spent seven years of her life in Canada's capital city while filming hit Netflix show, Suits, before journeying across the pond with Prince Harry. 1.1k comments 1 video 2 shares Meghan Markle named most disappointing celebrity of 2025 by Toronto Kanye West praises wife Bianca Censori after reuniting with Kim Kardashian for Christmas Censori raised eyebrows earlier this month when she debuted her performance art installation BIO POP (THE ORIGIN) in Seoul. 26 comments 2 videos share Kanye West praises Bianca Censori after reuniting with Kim Kardashian EXCLUSIVE Ricky Gervais' net worth revealed: Comedy star, 64, raked in an eye-watering amount last year with his film and TV work, edgy drinks brand and impressive property portfolio The cash continues to pour in for the comedian, 64, whose latest Netflixspecial, Mortality, was released on Tuesday with new tour dates planned for early 2026. 90 comments share Ricky Gervais' net worth revealed: Star raked in millions last year Manhunt launched as brothers are named as murder suspects after father-of-two stabbed to death on Christmas Day Two brothers are being hunted by police after a 'loving' father-of-two was stabbed to death on Christmas Day. share Brothers named as murder suspects after father killed on Christmas Day One dead and 40 injured after two trains crash head-on near Machu Picchu: Tourists among the hurt A dozen ambulances and medical personnel were rushed to the site in a remote Andean area without direct road access. Videos sent by passengers to the RPP television channel showed injured victims lying next to the tracks with two damaged locomotives standing idle nearby. 49 comments 1 video 1 share One dead and 40 injured after trains crash head-on near Machu Picchu Cricket legend Damien Martyn is put into a coma as he battles killer disease in 'the fight of his life' The 54-year-old veteran of 67 Test matches was rushed to a Brisbane hospital after falling ill on Boxing Day. 22 comments 8 shares Cricket great Damien Martyn in a coma as he battles killer disease Peter Kay builds up £23million property empire as his incredible fortune is revealed as the UK's best paid comedian The comedian, 52, who once worked in a bingo hall as well as a factory manufacturing loo rolls, has £36.6million in the bank, latest accounts show. 70 comments 1 video 16 shares Peter Kay builds up £23million property empire as fortune is revealed Trump's 'emergency' wrecking ball team aims to demolish a dozen more DC buildings as East Wing lies in ruins Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem is taking aim at more than a dozen of Washington, D.C.'s historic buildings, pushing to have them quickly demolished, arguing they pose a security 'emergency.' 338 comments 1 video share Trump's 'emergency' wrecking ball team aims to demolish more buildings The dos and don'ts of taking your wife's name: Brooklyn Beckham and Adam Peaty think they're terribly modern men - but got it wrong with their grand gestures Adam Peaty and Brooklyn Beckham's affectionate decisions missed the mark, according to British etiquette expert Laura Windsor. 136 comments share The dos and don'ts of taking your wife's name like Adam Peaty Ramsay Female cricket pundit opens up on her period comments on BBC Test Match Special: 'It should be normalised' Former female cricketer and pundit Alex Hartley has urged that women 'shouldn't be scared to talk about their periods' after being criticised for discussing the topic on BBC radio. 342 comments share Female pundit opens up on her period remarks on BBC Test Match Special BBC Breakfast guest fights back tears as she receives bittersweet news in fallout from teenage son's death Ellen Roome appeared on Tuesday's (December 30) edition of the programme, after being awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours. 9 comments 1 video share BBC Breakfast guest fights tears discussing fallout from son's death Laura Woods looks healthy and happy as she celebrates Christmas with fiancée Adam Collard and their baby son Leo, 11 months, after sparking concern when she collapsed live on air Laura Woods looked healthy and happier than ever as she shared shared sweet snaps on Tuesday of her Christmas celebrations with family after collapsing on air. 73 comments 1 video share Laura Woods looks happy as she celebrates Christmas with Adam Collard Iran's Tiananmen Square moment? Image of lone protester emerges, echoing China's famous 'Tank Man', as Tehran is rocked by protests The photograph, shared widely by local media including broadcaster Iran International, shows a brave protester sitting on a Tehran street in an attempt to block armed police from riding their motorbikes down the road. The image surfaced on social media overnight after Iran was rocked by its largest protests in three years that began after the Iranian rial hit a record low against the US dollar. 220 comments 2 videos 1 share Iran's Tiananmen Square moment? Image of lone protester emerges Are you constantly bickering with your partner? Relationship psychologist shares SEVEN questions which can steer away from conflict and quash vicious rows A relationship expert has shared seven questions which can help you better handle conflict with your partner-and potentially save ailing romantic partnerships and marriages. 47 comments 26 shares Relationship experts shares 7 tips which can help quash vicious rows Antiques Roadshow's Theo Burrell 'flattened' by chemotherapy as she delivers heartbreaking update on 'hard to accept' terminal cancer diagnosis The 38-year-old, who joined the BBCshow in 2018 to share her expertise in decorative arts and fine antiques, was diagnosed with aggressive grade four glioblastoma in 2022. 22 comments 1 video share Antiques Roadshow's Theo Burrell 'flattened' by brain cancer chemo Putin is accused of 'dancing on bones' after rebuilding Mariupol theatre where children were among hundreds killed when Kremlin forces blew it up while families sheltered there The Mariupol Drama Theatre in the port city of the same name was bombed by Russia in March 2022 weeks after its invasion of Ukraine. Families would shelter in the basement of the impressive building which was one of the city's cultural landmarks. 202 comments share Dancing on bones: Russians rebuild Mariupol theatre where kids died Michael van Gerwen crashes OUT of World Darts Championship as he blames himself - and reveals he will return home immediately after leaving Ally Pally hotel with mystery brunette Michael van Gerwen has revealed he will return home immediately after crashing out of the World Darts Championship with a 4-1 defeat against old rival Gary Anderson. 26 comments share Van Gerwen dumped OUT of World Darts Championship: 'I let myself down' Coral Adventurer is DETAINED after becoming stranded on a coral reef off Papua New Guinea - just weeks after an elderly passenger died after being left behind on a remote island The latest crisis comes just two months after an Australian grandmother died after being left behind on a stopover on a remote island in October. 17 comments 1 video share Update on cursed cruise ship after it became stranded on coral reef Legendary Emmerdale star bids farewell to soap as it's confirmed his character has been KILLED in 'harrowing' scenes - and he has a poignant warning for fans After being the subject of a horrifying modern-day slavery storyline, it has been confirmed that an Emmerdale legend has been killed in 'harrowing' scenes. 61 comments share Emmerdale star bids farewell to soap as he reveals character is DEAD EXCLUSIVE Unmasked: The VERY glamorous young mum of two arrested in a dawn raid by cops over alleged gangland shooting Terleaha Williams, 20, was allegedly involved in the shooting up of a Mount Druitt home, in Sydney's west, during the early hours of May 9 this year. share The VERY glamorous mum of two arrested over alleged gangland shooting Follow DailyMail Subscribe Daily Mail Follow @dailymail Follow DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow Daily Mail MORE DON'T MISS Richard Curtis' writer daughter criticises Kate Winslet's stance on nepo babies and insists people like her have to 'literally just step out the door' to follow in their parents' footsteps Dani Dyer left bloodied and battered as she's punched square in the face by MAFS star in shocking Celebrity SAS brawl Carefree Lily Allen cruises around the Cayman Islands in a £300-an-hour Jet Car as she enjoys a lavish trip with influencer Dylan Mulvaney Louise Thompson's fiancé Ryan Libbey says he went into 'survival mode' after her traumatic birth before a conversation with his dad made him realise he needed help The Chainsmokers' Drew Taggart announces he has tied the knot with model Marianne Fonseca in an intimate sunset beach ceremony Pregnant Holly Hagan hits back at troll for branding her stingy over her son's Christmas presents and fumes 'what are you expecting me to buy a two-year-old?' Harry and Meghan's new publicist is long-term ally with military past: PR guru helped set up Invictus, and was at secret royal peace summit Thomas Skinner breaks down in tears as he's reunited with Lord Sugar on Celebrity Apprentice - and receives brutal response Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins contestant 'betrayed' by producers as he's 'forced to punch female co-star' in fight Lewis Capaldi is ordered to lower 'excessively high' fence around his £1.6million Glasgow mansion John Lydon claims his Sex Pistols bandmates failed to reach out after his wife of 44 years died and says 'I expected some kind of connection' RICHARD EDEN: Doctor Who's Russell T Davies, 62, finds love again with Oliver, 27 Love Island's Molly Smith poses in a festive red bikini as she warms up in a hot tub during a romantic trip to Lapland Helen Flanagan poses in racy red lace lingerie as she shares a December round-up after scathing attack on ex Scott Sinclair for 'failing to turn up to their son's nativity' George Clooney, wife Amal and their eight-year-old twins become French citizens despite the actor admitting he's 'bad' at the language Love Island's Samie Elishi shows off her incredible figure in a bikini as she prepares to ring in 2026 in Dubai EXCLUSIVE Fears Anthony Joshua's car crash injuries are worse than first thought: Sources say Tyson Fury fight in the balance amid potential internal injuries Brooklyn Beckham calls wife Nicola Peltz his 'sweetie pie' as couple put on a united display after snubbing Holly Ramsay's wedding Maya Jama pleads for her 'abs to return' in skimpy sportswear as she heads back to the gym after indulging over Christmas with her boyfriend Ruben Dias Dakota Johnson sparks romance rumors with younger musician seven months after Chris Martin split PSYCHIC SALLY on her predictions for the royals in 2026 and why Queen Camilla may end up in hospital Why DID all of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's publicists quit? All the reasons PR gurus gave for leaving Team Sussex Alan Carr is ruled out of 'taking over as the new Strictly host as tour clash leaves BBC pinning their hopes on a new favourite' Princess Anne's future daughter-in-law Harriet Sperling commands attention in a stylish Royal-approved outfit by Kate Middleton's favourite brand Kate Middleton's signature coats - and the best high street buys to emulate her style this winter Anthony Joshua's best friends killed in Nigeria car crash: Coach and personal trainer both die in crash that put boxer in hospital Angel of the north! Little Mix star Jade Thirlwall is awarded Freedom of the Borough in her South Shields hometown Denise Richards and ex-husband Aaron Phypers evicted from LA mansion as nasty split gets even uglier 'Exhausted' Rebel Wilson shares very relatable parenting struggle over Christmas: 'How do mothers do it?' Amelia Hamlin showcases rock hard abs in bikini after going public with Guess? Inc heir Victoria Beckham and son Cruz recreate family friend Tom Cruise's iconic Risky Business dance moves As Gremlins 3 is confirmed where are the original stars? From quitting showbiz to run a shop to addiction battles and health woes Jess Glynne 'quits' Jay-Z's Roc Nation management company just 18 months after splitting from record label Holly Ramsay changes her name days after marrying Adam Peaty despite bitter family feud and a 'cruel' father of the bride wedding speech Ellie Goulding is awarded the MBE for services to biodiversity and the climate as singer is named in New Year Honours List Kym Marsh reflects on being called 'fat' in her pop star days as she opens up about turning 50 and being a young grandmother Kathy Griffin makes rare comments on how she and her parents dealt with late brother whom she called a 'pedophile' That's so Bardot! LAURA CRAIK reveals the nine ways Brigitte defined style The actress has died at the age of 91 Country singer accused of copying Beyonce's Christmas halftime show Nickelodeon star Tylor Chase was 'smoking meth' in freezing cold after he returned to the streets Worrying EXCLUSIVE Harry and Meghan's closest advisor quits as head of their charity days after Sussexes lost their eleventh publicist Brigitte Bardot will be buried by the sea in St Tropez, authorities confirm Nicola Peltz returns to social media to pay tribute to late Bridget Bardot after unleashing second 'dig' at the Beckham family Sports presenter Gabby Logan and former football boss Ann Budge included in New Year's Honours List CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV: A cocky Gladiator steals the show as The Apprentice sends itself up Was Katya Jones also snubbed from Adam Peaty's wedding to Holly Ramsay? Olympian's former Strictly partner missed ceremony Mel B and her husband, Rory McPhee enjoy a romantic trip to Lapland as they spend their first Christmas together as a married couple Ferne McCann shows off her incredible 2.5 stone weight-loss in a blue bikini as she shares inspiring comparison snaps Mumfluencer backlash at Jamie Laing for 'insensitive' post about Sophie Habboo and how she 'created a magical Christmas' Holly Ramsay pays a sweet tribute to her mother Tana by borrowing her wedding dress from 1996 nuptials to Gordon for her reception EXCLUSIVE I entered Lord Sugar's world-famous boardroom without ever being an Apprentice - and THIS is how he controls every moment of the show Holby City star Jo Martin announces the death of grand-nephew Isaiah after he lost his battle with cancer on Christmas Day Ore Oduba says he has discovered an 'abundance of love' since going public with porn addiction and the death of his sister BBC confirms Claudia Winkleman's new celebrity chat show with 'the biggest names in showbiz' hitting screens next year First trailer for Malcolm in the Middle revival sparks backlash over beloved OG character being recast The fans aren't happy Chappell Roan issues groveling apology over gushing Brigitte Bardot tribute after learning about icon's far-right activism EXCLUSIVE Rylan Clark jokes about being 'cancelled' over backlash to his This Morning immigration comments during Cinderella pantomime Heartbroken Sally Struthers is seen for the first time since shocking murder of All in the Family co-star Rob Reiner EXCLUSIVE REVEALED: Adam Peaty's 'outraged' mother's response to Gordon Ramsay's 'cruel digs' about her Pregnant Paloma Faith says leaving husband Leyman Lahcine was 'the best choice I ever made' Speaking out Diddy's sons relive disgraced mogul's downfall and seven-week sex trafficking trial in raw new docuseries Fly on the wall Desperate Housewives' Teri Hatcher looks worlds away from glam in baggy sweats on walk with daughter Low key appearance Sister Wives star Christine Brown makes disgusting revelation that she and ex Kody Brown are RELATED by blood Acclaimed actress, 48, says she plans to die by assisted suicide because she cannot overcome her mental illness Stephen Colbert reveals why he wants to 'slip into the body' of Donald Trump for one day Kelsey Grammer's daughter Greer left 'sobbing' after he said the 'meanest thing' following their 12-year estrangement Emmerdale's SECOND villain 'quits the ITV soap and has already filmed their final scenes' The star is bowing out of the long-running soap Vicky Pattison furiously hits back at a 'weak' woman who criticises her for 'making money from sex and being a drunk' Backlash at 'woke' Stranger Things as 'comically bad' penultimate episode faces barrage of bad reviews Nicola Peltz unleashes SECOND 'dig' at the Beckham family's 'behaviour' hours after claiming she 'loves  being at home' in LA Kim Kardashian and Kanye West reunite for Christmas with their kids after years of co-parenting turmoil Back together... sort of Pregnant Sophie Kasaei reveals she will discover the gender of her baby after Christmas trip to Greece with boyfriend Jordan Brooks Kate Garraway's son Billy, 16, branded her a 'monster' when she forced him to focus on his GCSEs as she admits she didn't prioritise their education Molly-Mae Hague jets to the Maldives with Tommy Fury and their daughter Bambi, 2, but vows to 'never book a night flight with a toddler again' Pregnant Holly Hagan shares a sweet message from late sister Darci in a heartwarming Christmas family gallery - two months after her tragic death from a drug overdose Laura Carmichael breaks her silence on her secret wedding to Downton Abbey co-star Michael C. Fox as she discusses finding love on set The promise Brigitte Bardot made her estranged son Nicolas-Jacques Charrier before her death after admitting she'd rather 'give birth to a dog' Dolly Parton's heartbreak revealed as insider details depth of her grief following passing of husband Carl Dean Lily Allen keeps it real as she swerves a fancy airport lounge and posts a rare snap of her daughters as they jet off on holiday Binky Felstead reveals she spent Christmas apart from her daughter India, 8, as she pines for her eldest child during a sun-soaked family break to Mexico Kim Kardashian shows off her curves in a vintage strapless silver dress from Thierry Mugler's 1986 archive as she shares more snaps from her family's lavish Christmas Eve party Stranger Things fans gasp 'how did Netflix not notice this?!' as they spot glaring wardrobe blunder in blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment from latest episode Taylor Swift leaves stadium worker in tears with extraordinary act of generosity on Christmas Day EXCLUSIVE Rob Reiner's son Jake enjoys moment of peace during soothing sunset beach walk with girlfriend and sister's boyfriend two weeks after parents' double murder Anthony Joshua car crash horror: Boxer is rushed to hospital and two men travelling with him are killed after their vehicle crashed into the back of a lorry in Nigeria Erin Doherty leads gunpoint showdown and Stephen Graham returns to the boxing ring in explosive new pics from A Thousand Blows series two Eamonn Holmes, 66, treats girlfriend Katie Alexander, 43, to luxury £300-a-night Christmas getaway at holiday cottage in Harrogate Holly Ramsay's Vogue moment: Influencer will FINALLY unveil her wedding dress in a New Year's Day spread with the fashion bible Secret Lives of Mormon Wives star Jen Affleck tears up as husband Zac sweetly gifts her favorite DWTS costume Eric Dane's estranged wife Rebecca Gayheart sheds light on their 'complicated' relationship amid his ALS battle A savage father-of-the bride speech and Victoria Beckham's secret role: The 10 most surprising moments from Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay's wedding Olivia Culpo reveals she already has a storage unit full of pageant dresses for her five-month-old daughter Kelvin Fletcher's wife admits she's not his 'dream woman' as she gets real about married life on farm - revealing the area she falls short Paul Bettany says he thought his 'career was over' before landing role  in £22 billion Marvel Universe Nadia Sawalha's heartbreak as her best friend dies aged just 39: How the Loose Women star fought tirelessly to reverse a 'brutal' block on pioneering drug Take That's Netflix doc FIRST LOOK: Rarely-seen Jason Orange sends fans wild with his surprise appearance Gavin and Stacey star Mathew Horne announces his wife Celina Bassili is pregnant with their second child Angela Scanlon swipes at 'sub-standard' Thomas Skinner's performance on Celebrity Apprentice as he returns to show that shot him to fame Demi Moore, 63, twins with daughters Rumer, Scout and Tallulah as they wear matching festive pyjamas for a wholesome Christmas family snap Sophie Winkleman says she 'failed spectacularly' at banning her daughter, 12, from having a phone after she complained it was 'ruining her life' Adam Peaty changes his name after Gordon Ramsay weighed into his family feud with explosive speech at wedding to Holly Bikini-clad Ashley Roberts, 44, packs on the PDA with boyfriend George Rollinson, 26, as they enjoy a tropical break in Mauritius Love Island's Molly Smith shows off her incredible figure in a red bikini top and tartan hotpants as she and fiancé Tom Clare unveil their kitchen renovation Lady Clara Paget announces 'Christmas miracle' birth of son with model husband Oscar Tuttiett as she shares sweet name Dan Walker makes a rare appearance with wife Sarah as they attend his Strictly co-star Adam Peaty's 'unforgettable' wedding to Holly Ramsay Timothée Chalamet shares sweet childhood throwbacks as he celebrates his 30th birthday Anna Kournikova shares first photo of all four kids with Enrique Iglesias as reclusive tennis star gives rare peek into personal life Escape To The Country viewers rage 'are you kidding me BBC?!' as they share furious complaint just minutes into Christmas episode EXCLUSIVE Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen makes savage Meghan Markle dig and says the Kardashians live in an 'achingly empty tundra of beige space' Ashley Roberts shows off her incredible figure in a red bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from her Christmas in Dubai with boyfriend George Rollinson Lily Collins says she's 'feeling the love' as she celebrates Emily In Paris topping the Netflix charts and shares her 'favourite look' from season five Gordon Ramsay's explosive wedding day speech REVEALED: Celebrity chef says wife Tana 'will be a good mum' to Adam Peaty Gordon Ramsay stuns locals in a Wiltshire village shop as he pops in to stock up on essentials after daughter Holly's wedding to Adam Peaty The Crown star Erin Doherty says she's served her coffee quicker if she uses her posh Princess Anne accent compared to her normal voice As Celebrity Apprentice returns to screens the car crash moments from BBC's first ever series: From Rupert Everett quitting on day one to Piers Morgan's sensational sacking Nicola Peltz takes another swipe at the Beckhams amid ongoing feud after husband Brooklyn skipped Holly Ramsay's wedding Claudia Winkleman reveals secret moment BBC bosses step in during selection of The Traitors - and you'll never see it on screens Olivia Colman reveals she keeps her Oscar hidden behind a book on a shelf because she thinks it's 'showy offy' to have statuette on display Peep Show's Super Hans actor Matt King, 57, looks worlds away from his alter-ego as he unveils a youthful new look on the Bake Off Christmas special Big Fat Quiz Of 2025 leaves viewers 'disgusted and saddened' just minutes into broadcast - with Channel 4 urged to 'do better' Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor is pictured at wheel of brand new £75K Land Rover Defender 'he was given for free' before spending last Christmas at Royal Lodge Brigitte Bardot was the woman so alluring the term 'sex kitten' was coined for her... but she turned her back on men, movies and motherhood RICHARD EDEN: 'Hypocritical' Harry and Meghan need to stop 'exploiting' Archie and Lilibet on social media Britney Spears slams her family in Christmas post after spending holiday with one of her sons Bikini-clad Heidi Klum, 52, dries off with a towel emblazoned with toyboy husband Tom Kaulitz's FACE as they hit beach in sun-soaked St. Barths Pregnant Made In Chelsea star Tabitha Willett shows off her baby bump in a yellow bikini as she shares intimate snaps from the past few months EXCLUSIVE Claudia Winkleman reveals she has worn the same £1k Saint Laurent boots every time she picks The Traitors as they 'build tension' Hollywood bombshell who once romanced Al Pacino steps out looking unrecognizable in LA So do YOU know who she is? EXCLUSIVE Truth about Kate and William's forever home's six-mile exclusion zone. No it's nothing to do with keeping out riff raff, says royal expert DAI DAVIES... the reality is far more sinister Kate Winslet says her 'first intimate experiences' as a teen were with women in never-before-shared confession Blake Lively gives rare glimpse into home and shares holiday traditions with Ryan Reynolds and kids amid bruising Justin Baldoni lawsuit VICTORIA MOSS'S fashion verdict: A toxic drama, the Scottish Widows bride, and how Posh turned a wedding into her own catwalk Kim Kardashian gives sister Kourtney iconic prop from Pee Wee's Big Adventure as bizarre Christmas present Adam Peaty and Holly Ramsay's wedding day 'overshadowed by security guards, dog patrols and mandatory wristbands' Duchess Sophie can't stop wearing paisley this winter - we've found her exact dress plus the best high street buys The British 'country-chic' brand that the Princess of Wales has quietly been wearing for 20 years Kanye West and wife Bianca Censori head to Disneyland with his children.. after Kim Kardashian celebrated Christmas with their kids Kate Bush pays tribute to antiques dealer who is feared to have drowned on Christmas Day swim and says he 'lived life to the full' Brigitte Bardot's haunting comment after influencer claimed she was dead just weeks before legendary actress passed away aged 91 John Torode and wife Lisa Faulkner's ITV show 'to be axed' despite broadcaster's vow to stand by the sacked MasterChef star Love Island couple Grace Jackson and Luca Bish spark wedding rumours a year after meeting on All Stars Distraught Nadia Sawalha pays tribute to best friend Hannah as she dies age 39 from cancer - 20 months after sharing her story on Loose Women Brooks Nader's ex-husband Billy Haire gets engaged to Southern Charm's Naomie Olindo Melanie Watson dead at 57: Diff'rent Strokes star dies after suffering severe health complications in hospital Stranger Things star Natalia Dyer puts on a leggy display in a grey skirt teamed with a faux-fur coat as she steps out in New York City Adele 'raked in a whopping £160K a WEEK in 2024' on top of her million-pound Las Vegas and Munich concerts Adam Peaty cried when Holly Ramsay walked the aisle as groom's showbiz pal says it was 'a privilege' to be at 'this amazing man's wedding' Coronation Street and Emmerdale boss Iain MacLeod reveals the future of Corriedale after soap hybrid launched over Christmas Adam Peaty's 'heartbroken' mother looks downcast as she is seen for the first time since her son got married without her Love Island's Megan Moore shares cryptic post about 'deserving better' after her split from Dejon Noel-Williams Carrie Fisher's daughter remembers Star Wars icon on ninth anniversary of her death Frightening moment paraglider loses control and smashes into a hotel roof The man was injured as he crashed into the hotel roof in Co Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. He had to be taken to hospital for treatment. 18 comments 1 video share Paraglider smashes into a hotel roof in Northern Ireland Got a story for Daily Mail? Contact us at: tips@dailymail.com Email Over 1,500 drivers repeatedly ran red traffic lights over the past four years, new traffic data reveals Of the 1,548 Brits who were convicted of repeated offences, two drivers were caught ignoring red traffic lights an unbelievable five times. 13 comments share Over 1,500 drivers repeatedly ran red lights in the past four years I've scrolled through the entire COS winter sale - these 6 coats will sell out quickly NEW The best pieces weren't just 'nice for now' bargains - they were the kind of coats you'll still be pulling out years from today. comments share 6 coats in the COS winter sale that I think will sell out quickly TOP SPORT STORIES EXCLUSIVE Anthony Joshua to spend New Year's Eve in luxury Nigerian hospital recovering from crash that killed his two friends Gary Neville fumes at Ruben Amorim's tactics after Man United's draw with Wolves Amorim reverted back to his typical 3-4-3 formation Arsenal 4-1 Aston Villa: In the biggest game of the season so far, the Gunners have taken a significant psychological step towards the title Cricket legend Damien Martyn is put into a coma as he battles the killer disease meningitis in 'the fight of his life' Star rushed to hospital Anthony Joshua's mum rushes to his bedside at 'Nigeria's best hospital' as eyewitness describes crash that killed his two friends as 'sounding like a bomb was going off' Tyson Fury breaks his silence on Anthony Joshua's car crash - and appears to confirm his return from boxing retirement despite their £100m fight being thrown into doubt EXCLUSIVE Revealed: Darts star's girlfriend ATTENDS his last-16 Ally Pally clash - and kisses him during his walk-on After player's outburst Arsenal vs Aston Villa PLAYER RATINGS: Whose class shone through for the Gunners? And which defender looked ragged in the second half? Tennis legend Bjorn Borg opens up on first time he took cocaine after shedding light on drug addiction which saw him suffer two 'dangerous' overdoses after early retirement Anthony Joshua's best friends killed in Nigeria car crash: Coach and personal trainer both die in crash that put boxer in hospital Michael van Gerwen crashes OUT of World Darts Championship as he blames himself - and reveals he will return home immediately after leaving Ally Pally hotel with mystery brunette Follow us on: Back to top Company DMG Media Leadership Team This is Money Metro Newzit Mail Travel About Daily Mail Channels Home News Royals U.S. Sport TV Showbiz Lifestyle Health Science Money Travel Podcasts Buyline DailyMail+ Terms of Use Website Terms Privacy Settings Privacy Policy Subscription Terms & Conditions Do not sell or share my personal information Contributors Additional Cookie Information Get in Touch Contact us How to complain Work with us Advertise with us Daily Mail Subscriptions Help & FAQs More Sitemap RSS Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Text-Based Site Mobile Site © 2025 Associated Newspapers Limited Advertisement Advertisement