Daily Breeze: Local News, Sports, Things to Do Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 71°F Tuesday, December 30th 2025 e-Edition Home Page News News Crime and Public Safety Election Investigative Reporting Politics Health Environment Business Best Reviews Housing Jobs Weather Local News Local News Harbor Area Beach Cities Torrance Carson Palos Verdes Peninsula Los Angeles Los Angeles County Sports Sports High School Sports Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels College Sports UCLA Sports USC Sports Rams Chargers Kings Ducks Olympics Boxing/MMA Soccer Horse Racing Things To Do Things To Do Restaurants Food and Drink Movies Amusement Parks Music + Concerts Theater TV and Streaming Home + Garden Travel Comics Events Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Opinion Editorials Opinion Columns Commentary Letters to the Editor Editorial Board Endorsements SCNG Premium Sponsored Content The T.E.A. The Beach Reporter The Beach Reporter News Sports Things to Do Opinion Open Houses E-Edition Contact Us Palos Verdes Peninsula News Palos Verdes Peninsula News News Sports Campus Beat Opinion Obituaries E-edition Contact Us Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint Subscribe Daily Breeze Store Log In Logout Get the latest news delivered daily! Sign Up Subscribe Log In Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Get the latest news delivered daily! Sign Up Subscribe Log In Search Daily Breeze 71°F Tuesday, December 30th 2025 e-Edition News Local News Sports Obituaries Things to Do Opinion The T.E.A. Trending: Free holiday events 🎄 Holiday pop-up bars 🍸 The Rose Parade🌹 Fatal DUI suspect charged Dodgers Gifts Featured These new California laws will take effect in 2026 The new laws cover a range of topics, from antisemitism and AI to the Diwali holiday and apartment rental requirements. Related New California laws rewrite car-buying rules with return policy, pricing reforms 9 hours ago New California law requires tortillas to include folic acid 10 hours ago New state law allows more Cal State campuses to automatically admit eligible students 1 second ago 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say Nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef recalled for E. coli risk New California driving laws you should be aware of in 2026 Six Flags Magic Mountain closes historic ride with a Disneyland connection Latest Headlines Free fun things to do on New Year’s Eve in Southern California 6 hours ago How your key fob could help a thief steal your car 16 seconds ago Your last-minute guide to the 2026 Rose Parade 1 hour ago Foreign national pleads guilty to Southern California armed robbery spree 1 second ago Fire survivors, volunteer joining Pasadena mayor on Rose Parade route 1 hour ago Did California finish 2025 with booming confidence? 6 hours ago Proposed half-cent sales tax to fund LA Fire Department is cleared for signature gathering 1 second ago Get the latest news delivered daily! Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular Mother of Braun Levi, allegedly killed by DUI driver in Manhattan Beach, joins others calling for tougher DUI laws Mother of Braun Levi, allegedly killed by DUI driver in Manhattan Beach, joins others calling for tougher DUI laws Another storm set to hit Southern California around New Year’s Day. Will it be as bad as the Christmas rain? Another storm set to hit Southern California around New Year’s Day. Will it be as bad as the Christmas rain? 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say 3 hikers found dead on Mt. Baldy amid harsh weather that thwarted rescue efforts, officials say Long-running plan for San Pedro drive-thru coffee shop development back to square one Long-running plan for San Pedro drive-thru coffee shop development back to square one Federal judge dismisses indictment against LA TikTok creator shot by ICE officer Federal judge dismisses indictment against LA TikTok creator shot by ICE officer South Bay History: Why Assemblyman Vincent Thomas more than deserved having a bridge named after him South Bay History: Why Assemblyman Vincent Thomas more than deserved having a bridge named after him Idaho company recalls nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef for E. coli risk Idaho company recalls nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef for E. coli risk 38 inmates sue over sexual abuse, voyeurism at LA County’s women’s jail 38 inmates sue over sexual abuse, voyeurism at LA County’s women’s jail What to expect from the California governor race in 2026? What to expect from the California governor race in 2026? Torrance to celebrate Lunar New Year with festival, show on Jan. 11 Torrance to celebrate Lunar New Year with festival, show on Jan. 11 Crime and Public Safety Man arrested after 2 children killed in car crash on 5 Freeway in Lebec on Christmas Day Jorge Everardo Preciado, 28, was taken into custody following the crash on suspicion of felony... 38 inmates sue over sexual abuse, voyeurism at LA County’s women’s jail Federal judge dismisses indictment against LA TikTok creator shot by ICE officer Washed-out bridge strands Lytle Creek residents in San Bernardino County mountains Local News 20-year-old Sling Pilot Academy student breaks world altitude record Shannon Russell, originally from South Africa, recently took off from the Torrance Municipal Airport and reached 32,049 feet before landing again. Hermosa Beach Kiwanis Club celebrates 100th birthday with mural unveiling on Jan. 10 South Bay History: Why Assemblyman Vincent Thomas more than deserved having a bridge named after him Torrance’s own ‘living legend,’ Kimi Inadomi, celebrates 100th birthday high school football West Torrance Lions Club All-Star Football Game set for Jan. 31 The annual South Bay all-star football game will be played Jan. 31 at El Camino College. Daily Breeze All-Area Football Team: Journee Tonga is the player of the year High school football: Scores from Saturday’s CIF state championships Santa Margarita football rolls De La Salle to win state Open Division title Sports Angels restructure Anthony Rendon’s deal, ending his time in uniform Rendon, who was set to make $38 million in 2026, will have an undisclosed portion of that deferred into the future. He will not play again, but for now he remains on the Angels' 40-man roster. Alexander: 10 stories that mattered in 2025 Rams can’t afford to take Week 18 lightly after late stumble Rose Bowl: How Josh Cuevas went from Campbell Hall to Crimson Tide Photos Rams lose to Seahawks in OT thriller, fall out of 1st place in NFC West The Rams fail to stop Sam Darnold and Seattle from mounting a fourth-quarter comeback, and the hosts win on a two-point conversion, 38-37, to grab the division lead with two weeks left in the regular season. Rams clinch playoff spot with comeback win over Lions Rams thump Cardinals to stay tied atop NFC West Hollywood’s parade rolls out the holidays anew for Angelenos Rams make case as NFC favorites with demolition of Buccaneers The Los Angeles Auto Show drew thousands on Friday at LA Convention Center Rams’ cathartic win over Seahawks is moment team can build on Show More Photos Storm slowly moves into Southern California, with wettest weather yet to come Dodgers celebrate back-to-back World Series titles with eyes on ‘Three-peat’ PHOTOS: Dodgers outlast Blue Jays for back-to-back World Series titles Día de los Muertos events across SoCal remain persistent despite worries of ICE raids PHOTOS: Dodgers top Blue Jays in 18-inning World Series Game 3 Opinion Newsom’s affordability moves are mostly smoke and mirrors When a politician gets Oval Office Fever, his every act aims in that direction. Doug Schoen: The under the radar issue in California’s gubernatorial race It’s time to rethink California’s tragically ineffective conservatorship laws Larry Wilson: As Bari Weiss spikes a story on ’60 Minutes’ Things To Do This week’s bestsellers at Southern California’s independent bookstores See the top-selling hardcover and paperback fiction and nonfiction releases for the sales week that... Original Saugus Cafe set to close Sunday after nearly 140 years in business Hosting a party outside when it’s cold and wet? These pros have tips Diddy’s 2 sons break their silence with a new doc Holidays A beginner’s guide to Kwanzaa Kwanzaa has become a nationally recognized celebration of African culture and community ‘Carols and Cocoa’ continue holiday events in Rancho Palos Verdes Frumpy Mom: You tell about your worst holiday gifts ever King Charles III calls for kindness and unity in Christmas message amid global conflicts immigration Trump administration says it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes The announcement comes after the $300 million scheme at the nonprofit Feeding Our Future. Judge temporarily halts Trump’s move to end protected status for South Sudanese immigrants ICE doesn’t plan to detain Abrego Garcia again as long as judge’s order banning it stands Surge in federal officers in Minnesota focuses on alleged fraud at day care centers Donald Trump US commits $480M in health funding to Ivory Coast, the latest to sign ‘America First’ health deals The signing covers areas such as HIV, malaria, maternal and child health, and global health... SNAP bans on soda, candy and other foods take effect in five states Jan. 1 In a tumultuous year, US health policy has been dramatically reshaped under RFK Jr. Judge blocks White House’s attempt to defund the CFPB, ensuring employees get paid Best Reviews Level up with the best Dell desktop computer With a powerful Dell desktop computer at your disposal, you will be able to multitask... The best Canon DSLR cameras anyone can master Best service vests for dogs Add style to your bathroom with the best boho shower curtain Events Subscribe e-Edition Digital Subscription FAQ Breaking News Contact Us Corrections Sign Up For Newsletters Daily Breeze Store Advertising Solutions Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist Request Media Kit Creative Services Content Marketing About Daily Breeze About Southern California News Group MediaNews Group Work With Us Privacy Policy Accessibility News Archive Reader’s Choice Partners Live Traffic Map Newspapers in Education Sponsor a Student Marketplace Classified Legals Obituary Local Job Board Reader Rewards Photo Reprints Sponsored Access Subscribe Now Subscribe Log In Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group Close