Daily Faceoff | Line Combinations, NHL News, Betting Picks Betting Fantasy DFO Survivor Schedule Stats Shows Player News Starting Goalies Line Combos Tools Daily Faceoff is a news site with no direct affiliation to the NHL, or NHLPA Daily Faceoff | Line Combinations, NHL News, Betting Picks The top 5 NHL centers of 2025 The center position once again boasts some of the most talented players in the league, making it a tough list... Scott Maxwell Get to know Ivar Stenberg and Viggo Björck, Sweden’s NHL Draft stars Steven Ellis 2026 World Juniors: Top standouts from Day 5 Steven Ellis Headlines Rangers’ Adam Fox activated off LTIR, expected to return vs. Capitals Report: Panthers’ Brad Marchand to not receive suspension for hit on Canadiens’ Mike Matheson HC Davos beats U.S. Collegiate Selects to win 2025 Spengler Cup Devils’ Sheldon Keefe calls out team’s lack of ‘balls’ after Hischier fight Islanders’ Matthew Schaefer becomes youngest defenseman in NHL history to reach 25 points 2026 World Juniors: Top standouts from Denmark vs. Latvia Kings’ Darcy Kuemper activated from injured reserve Blue Jackets’ place Isac Lundestrom on injured reserve Top from DFO Fantasy DFO Fantasy Show – Fantasy Hockey Week 13 Preview: Strength of Schedule & Streaming Targets Brock Seguin returns from the holiday break with a packed Monday episode. He opens with the latest Fantasy Hockey News... Brock Seguin - Fantasy Fantasy Hockey 2025-26: Weekly Strength of Schedule and Streaming Targets — Week 13 Finding an edge in fantasy hockey often comes down to maximizing your man games — and targeting players with favourable... Brock Seguin - Fantasy NHL DFS Picks for December 23, 2025: Top Stacks, Best Value Plays & Goalie Targets It is Tuesday, December 23rd, 2025. Full slate on tap with 12 games and DraftKings chipped in and gave us... Morgan Wiper - Fantasy Top from DFO Betting NHL Best Player Prop Bets (Oct. 28) Join Daily Faceoff’s Nick Martin as he handicaps the best NHL player prop bets available from Tuesday’s 16-game slate. Best... Nick Martin - Betting NHL Daily Betting Odds Rundown (Oct. 28) In this article, I’ll outline the most noteworthy odds, news, and betting notes from the marquee matchups from Tuesday’s 16-game... Nick Martin - Betting Best NHL Player Prop Bets (Oct. 27): Good value on Pinto to pile up shots on goal vs. Bruins Join Daily Faceoff’s Nick Martin as he handicaps the best NHL player prop bets available from Monday’s two-game slate. Best... Nick Martin - Betting More News NHL Teams Atlantic Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Detroit Red Wings Florida Panthers Montreal Canadiens Ottawa Senators Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Central Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Dallas Stars Minnesota Wild Nashville Predators St Louis Blues Utah Mammoth Winnipeg Jets Metropolitan Carolina Hurricanes Columbus Blue Jackets New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins Washington Capitals Pacific Anaheim Ducks Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Los Angeles Kings San Jose Sharks Seattle Kraken Vancouver Canucks Vegas Golden Knights Daily Faceoff: NHL Line Combinations, Schedule, Goalies, & More! Home to the hottest hockey news, latest NHL player updates , roster moves , and more, Daily Faceoff has everything hockey fans need to stay ahead of the game. With decades of experience behind us, our team of experts deliver educated insights into the biggest stories in hockey. Alongside our in-depth news stories, fantasy hockey analysis, and latest NHL player updates, Daily Faceoff boasts some of the top starting goalies for each team in tonight’s tilts—we’ve got your back. At Daily Faceoff, we have it all, from the NHL schedule and line combinations to player injuries and fantasy hockey analysis. Copyright © 2025 The Nation Network Ltd Contact Us Privacy Policy Responsible Gambling