The Daily Progress | Charlottesville News | Read breaking Charlottesville, Virginia News, featuring weather, traffic, crime, sports, entertainment, politics, and more. Skip to main content Skip to main content 39° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Regional Virginia Video Network Education Politics Business Nation & World Markets & Stocks News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters to the editor Editorials Columnists Sports Cavalier Insider C'ville Varsity Professional Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Food & Cooking Movies & TV Music Contests Comics Puzzles Play Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Sponsored Content Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections Daily Progress Archives Our Publications The News Virginian Orange County Review Madison County Eagle Greene County Record The Rural Virginian Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Cars Marketplace Shop Local Today's Deal Public Notices Shopping Customer service Manage Charlottesville Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Manage Greene Subscription Manage Madison Subscription Manage Orange Subscription Help Center Gift Subscriptions Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter Instagram © 2025 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Business Obituaries Opinion Lifestyles Public Notices Sports Puzzles Jobs 39° Mostly Cloudy Javascript is required to use this website. 1 dead after crash in Orange County DAILY PROGRESS STAFF One person is dead after a single-vehicle crash outside the town of Orange Wednesday morning. Their identity has been withheld until next of kin can be notified. Jay Jones cleared in community service probe ANNA BRYSON
Richmond Times-Dispatch Virginia Attorney General-elect Jay Jones has been cleared in an investigation into his community service hours after a 2022 reckless driving conviction. Skyline Drive reopens after high winds felled trees, closed roadway DAILY PROGRESS STAFF Skyline Drive in Shenandoah National Park has fully reopened after high winds felled trees and scattered debris across the roadway in late December. State police searching for motorcyclist involved in Christmas Day pursuit in Augusta DAILY PROGRESS STAFF The Virginia State Police is searching for a motorcyclist who eluded troopers on Christmas Day during a pursuit on I-81 in Augusta County. Virginia football offensive tackle Monroe Mills returning for 2026 Greg Madia Virginia football offensive tackle Monroe Mills is returning for the 2026 campaign. Roanoke family files suit after bed bugs torment then on international flight LAURENCE HAMMACK
Roanoke Times A Roanoke family of four says they were bitten repeatedly by bed bugs on an international flight to Serbia. They have filed suit against the airline. Blue Ridge Airport celebrates completion of runway extension BILL WYATT
Martinsville Bulletin Blue Ridge Regional Airport in Henry County now boasts a 6,000-foot runway, an extension that enhances safety, welcomes larger aircraft and positions the airport for growth. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Recommended For You UVa names interim dean of Darden Business School Spanberger unveils legislative package to bring down housing, energy, health care costs Dave Matthews' Bama Works charity awarded $10M to Central Virginia orgs in 2025 The Latest Buffalo Bills fans share memories of Opening Day at Rich Stadium In 2023, The Buffalo News asked its readers to share their memories of the day Rich Stadium hosted its first Buffalo Bills game. Here's what they had to say. A1 Minute December 31, 2025: Bama Works Fund presents $740K to 141 Central Virginia organizations Bama Works Fund presents $740K to 141 Central Virginia organizations Charlottesville neighbors: Obituaries for December 31 Read through the obituaries published today in The Daily Progress. A1 Minute December 30, 2025: Lake Monticello repays $650K PPP loan Lake Monticello repays $650K PPP loan Charlottesville neighbors: Obituaries for December 30 Read through the obituaries published today in The Daily Progress. A1 Minute December 29, 2025: Charlottesville red lights Flock license plate readers Charlottesville red lights Flock license plate readers Charlottesville neighbors: Obituaries for December 29 Read through the obituaries published today in The Daily Progress. AP Top Stories December 29 Here’s the latest for Monday, December 29th: Trump says Russia and Ukraine closer to peace deal; Deadly train wreck in Mexico; New Jersey helicopter crash under investigation; Blizzard aims for Upper Midwest. Editor's Pick Spanberger could fire UVa board members, experts say ERIC KOLENICH
Richmond Times-Dispatch Not only will Abigail Spanberger be tasked with nominating roughly 20 to Virginia college boards after she's made governor, she could begin firing others. Scott Beardsley named UVa's 10th president David Toscano: Spanberger can act decisively at UVa — without overreach Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Fireworks light up the globe as nations ring in 2026 Buffalo Bills fans share memories of Opening Day at Rich Stadium A1 Minute December 31, 2025: Bama Works Fund presents $740K to 141 Central Virginia organizations RAW: FILE: TRUMP ISSUES FIRST VETOES OF SECOND TERM Sports Virginia's Odom looks back on 'fun time' at Virginia Tech The UVa coach used to be on Seth Greenberg's staff at Virginia Tech. James Franklin's hiring is top Virginia Tech football story of 2025 The top five Virginia Tech football stories from 2025. Virginia Tech football transfer portal tracker: Who's intending on leaving the Hokies? This page will serve as the transfer portal tracker with notes on players intending on leaving the Hokies during the 15-day window in January. Virginia Tech won't have Johnson against Virginia But Mike Young said there is a chance that Tobi Lawal and Antonio Dorn could play Wednesday. Listen Now Podcasts Which of these 2026 predictions will look smartest 12 months from now? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎧 The hosts debate political shake-ups, electric vehicle momentum and artificial intelligence backlash in the new year, and then grade the forecasts they made one year earlier. Ranking the best movies and TV shows of 2025 | Streamed & Screened podcast In this week's episode, co-hosts Bruce Miller and Terry Lipshetz share their favorite movies and television shows from the year. Is Christmas nostalgia a gift or a trap? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎄 The hosts explore why holiday memories feel so powerful, what can happen when expectations go awry and how family stories evolve over time. Rob Reiner's legacy and chatting with the stars of 'Song Sung Blue' | Streamed & Screened Rob Reiner's tragic death marks the end of a remarkable career that brought us beloved films from "The Princess Bride" to "A Few Good Men," just to name a few. Life & Entertainment New Year's celebrated around the globe with defiance or hope Drummers pounded in the New Year and computer-generated horses were shown over the Great Wall in China as Asia marked the start of 2026. Photos of New Year's celebrations around the globe Fireworks light up the globe as nations ring in 2026 The world has begun saying goodbye to 2025, with South Pacific nations first to welcome 2026. Local Events Your browser settings are preventing events from loading. More info × Update settings to continue… Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings → Privacy & Security → Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings → Privacy & Security → Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings → Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions → Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Contributor The Growing Need for Eye Protection in a Screen-Obsessed Society Contributor content. Learn the importance of eye health and find easy ways to protect your eyes in a world full of screens. Partner Real Results: 7 Trusted Sites to Buy TikTok Likes Provided content. Explore some of the best and most trusted sites for buying TikTok likes. Partner 2 Best Sites to Buy Instagram Followers Provided content. This reviewers’ guide focuses on two providers for buying followers that prioritize safety, guarantees, and long experience as core parts of their service. Partner Best Sites to Buy Real Instagram Followers – Safe & Affordable Provided content. Discover the best sites to buy real Instagram followers safely and affordably. Get genuine, active followers from trusted providers to grow your IG presence fast. Shopping Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Staking Crypto Coins: Smart Move or Just More Risk? Affiliate. Learn how crypto staking works, rewards vs risks, and how to stake tokens in minutes. Best Wallet Review: A Closer Look at the App Everyone's Watching Affiliate. Learn about Best Wallet and what the buzz is about in this detailed breakdown. Local Businesses Woodberry Forest School PO BOX 10, WOODBERRY FOREST, VA 22989 Hill, Nick 397 WILLIS FORD LN, ROCHELLE, VA 22738 Health Systems/uva/lewis Communications 2030 1ST AVENUE NORTH, BIRMINGHAM, AL 35203 Print Ads Banking Financial FIRST NATIONAL BANK Other DOGWOOD VILLAGE OF ORANGE Real Estate HOUSE ACCOUNT-RETAIL Legal VPS LEGALS/PUBLIC NOTICES - CVA Services Q L P WELDING SERVICE Other HOUSE ACCOUNT-RETAIL Real Estate HOUSE ACCOUNT-RETAIL Services DAVE'S RENT-A-HUSBAND Real Estate JEFFERSON LAND & REALTY Other DOGWOOD VILLAGE OF ORANGE × Facebook Twitter Instagram Sites & Partners Cavalier Insider The News Virginian Greene County Record Madison County Eagle Orange County Review The Rural Virginian Public Notices Archives Services Manage Subscription Contact us Advertise Join our Team Newsletter sign-up Licensing Dealer Returns Shopping © Copyright 2025 The Daily Progress , PO Box 9030 Charlottesville, VA 22906 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics all Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Breaking Sports News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe