dailygazette.com Skip to main content Donate Log In My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved Items Subscribe Manage Service Log Out Subscribe Manage Service Home The Leader-Herald Spotlight News Hudsonvalley360 Belmont Saratoga About Us Contact Us Staff The Recorder The Spot518 e-Edition Online Services Newsletter Signup Upcoming Events Community Journalism Fund News Business Biz Beat Police, Fire, Courts Education Govt / Politics NY News National Towns Clifton Park & Halfmoon Niskayuna Rotterdam Saratoga Springs Schenectady Scotia & Glenville Saratoga County Schenectady County Food Bite-Sized with Stan Pint-Sized with John Norris Reviews Out To Eat Galleries Sports High Schools Union College Siena College UAlbany Belmont Saratoga Parting Schotts Galleries National The Spot518 Local Events Music Theater Culture Contests & Giveaways Life & Arts Art Profiles History Buell Cudmore Scrapbook Pets Theater Photo Galleries Events Sports News Obituaries Forever In Our Hearts Submit an Obituary Opinion Editorials Columns High Notes Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Podcasts Parting Schotts Stan and Shen Special Sections Spring Gardening Guide Local Eats Fall Into Fall Graduates Travel Outlook Classifieds Place an Ad Place a Public LLC Place an Agency LLC CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Online Features Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram iOS App Android App The Leader-Herald The Recorder The Spot518 Spotlight News HudsonValley360 Wednesday, December 31, 2025 Wedding Show Wedding Show . . Bite Sized Bite Sized Log In My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved Items Subscribe Manage Service Log Out Subscribe Manage Service 22° Schenectady, NY (12308) Today Mainly cloudy with snow showers around this morning. High 28F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of snow 60%.. Tonight Cloudy with snow showers developing after midnight. Low 17F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of snow 70%. Snow accumulations less than one inch. Updated: December 31, 2025 @ 8:39 am Full Forecast Latest E-Edition Close navigation Menu Search Home The Leader-Herald The Recorder Spotlight News Hudsonvalley360 The Spot518 e-Edition About Us Contact Us Subscribe Online Services Staff Newsletter Signup News Local Yourniskayuna Rotterdam Clifton Park & Halfmoon Business Biz Beat Police, Fire, Courts Education 518 Politics NY News National Photo Galleries Newsletter Signup Local Your Niskayuna Rotterdam Clifton Park & Halfmoon Saratoga Springs Schenectady Scotia & Glenville Saratoga County Schenectady County Photo Galleries Local Community Notes Food Bite-Sized with Stan Pint-Sized with John Norris Reviews Out To Eat Galleries Sports High Schools Union College Siena College UAlbany At The Track Parting Schotts Photo Galleries National TheSpot518 Events Calendar Music Theater Culture Contests & Giveaways Life&Arts Art Profiles History Buell Cudmore Scrapbook Pets Puzzles Theater HSMTA galleries Galleries Events News Sports Podcasts Opinion Editorials Columns High Notes Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Obituaries Forever In Our Hearts Submit an Obituary Classifieds Place an Ad Place a Public LLC Place an Agency LLC CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Special Spring Gardening Guide Local Eats Fall Into Fall Outlook Travel Graduates New York receives $212M to address rural health 14 hrs ago ALBANY — New York state has been awarded $212 million in funding to improve health care access in rural communities. Read More New York receives $212M to address rural health +14 Crimes that captivated the Capital Region in 2025 14 hrs ago There were major developments in a pair of high-profile Schenectady murder cases in 2025, with Persia Nelson convicted of murder in October in the 2024 death of her 10-month old daughter Halo Branton, and a long-awaited arrest made in the 2022 murder of 14-year-old Schenectady girl Samantha … Read More Crimes that captivated the Capital Region in 2025 YWCA gets $24M for Schenectady Harbor House, construction to take two years 17 hrs ago SCHENECTADY — After eight years in the works, the Harbor House project for the YWCA of NorthEastern New York in Schenectady is underway. Read More YWCA gets $24M for Schenectady Harbor House, construction to take two years +14 Schenectady-area high school wrestlers face off in 14 photos 17 hrs ago SCHENECTADY - Area high school wrestlers faced off Tuesday at Schenectady High School. Read More Schenectady-area high school wrestlers face off in 14 photos Ballston man charged in neighbor's stabbing, troopers say 18 hrs ago MALTA — A Ballston man has been arrested, accused of stabbing a neighbor in a dispute, New York State Police said. Read More Ballston man charged in neighbor's stabbing, troopers say Schoharie County Sheriff's vehicle stolen, crashes, two hurt, sheriff says 20 hrs ago SCHOHARIE COUNTY — A Schoharie County Sheriff's vehicle was stolen and then crashed into two other vehicles Tuesday morning as sheriff's officials investigated earlier stolen vehicles, Schoharie County Sheriff's officials said. Read More Schoharie County Sheriff's vehicle stolen, crashes, two hurt, sheriff says Latest News Schoharie County Sheriff's vehicle stolen, crashes, two hurt, sheriff says 20 hrs ago SCHOHARIE COUNTY — A Schoharie County Sheriff's vehicle was stolen and then crashed into two other vehicles Tuesday morning as sheriff's officials investigated earlier stolen vehicles, Schohar… Read More Schoharie County Sheriff's vehicle stolen, crashes, two hurt, sheriff says TrustCo Bank approves new stock repurchase program for 2 million shares 17 hrs ago TrustCo Bank Corp NY earlier this month announced that its Board of Directors had approved another stock repurchase program, this time for up to 2 million shares of its common stock, or approx… Read More TrustCo Bank approves new stock repurchase program for 2 million shares Niskayuna girls' basketball vs. Holy Names in 5 photos 17 hrs ago ALBANY - Niskayuna girls' basketball took on the Academy of the Holy Names Sunday and fell 59-41. Read More Niskayuna girls' basketball vs. Holy Names in 5 photos Final redesign proposals in for I-890 SUNY Schenectady exit, public input sought Dec 29, 2025 SCHENECTADY — Schenectady County is asking for public comment on its final design proposals for the I-890 exit 4C ramp area near SUNY Schenectady County Community College. Read More Final redesign proposals in for I-890 SUNY Schenectady exit, public input sought Saratoga Springs boys' basketball breaks away in second half for win over Schenectady Dec 29, 2025 BALLSTON SPA — Some rust was to be expected for the Saratoga Springs boys’ basketball team, considering 3/5ths of its starting lineup was coming off a lengthy run to the state championship gam… Read More Saratoga Springs boys' basketball breaks away in second half for win over Schenectady Prosecutors weigh death penalty in fatal 2013 Schenectady arson, new trial date set Dec 29, 2025 The trial for Schenectady arson suspect Edward Leon will begin in June in U.S. District Court. Read More Prosecutors weigh death penalty in fatal 2013 Schenectady arson, new trial date set Local Events Most Viewed Local News Government Final redesign proposals in for I-890 SUNY Schenectady exit, public input sought Government YWCA gets $24M for Schenectady Harbor House, construction to take two years Police, Fire, Courts Ballston man charged in neighbor's stabbing, troopers say Business Capital Region business 2025: Wilton Mall, Bass Pro Shops, Cappie's, 7 Brew Police, Fire, Courts Schoharie County Sheriff's vehicle stolen, crashes, two hurt, sheriff says Bite-Sized - A spotlight on local food and restaurant news +4 Ring in 2026 with decadent dining experiences at local hotspots Dec 28, 2025 Bite-Sized is a regular feature highlighting local food festivals, special events, menu changes, restaurant news, and more. Let's dig in. Read More Ring in 2026 with decadent dining experiences at local hotspots +5 Starbucks debuts new caramel protein drinks to kick off winter season Dec 26, 2025 Bite-Sized is a regular feature highlighting local food festivals, special events, menu changes, restaurant news, and more. Let's dig in. Read More Starbucks debuts new caramel protein drinks to kick off winter season Market 32 and Price Chopper recall farm-raised raw shrimp products Dec 23, 2025 SCHENECTADY — Market 32 and Price Chopper are issuing a voluntary manufacturer recall on Direct Source Seafood-produced items impacting select Market 32 by Price Chopper brand frozen 26-30ct F… Read More Market 32 and Price Chopper recall farm-raised raw shrimp products +6 Discover craft beer savings with a Hop Passport for the holidays Dec 22, 2025 Bite-Sized is a regular feature highlighting local food festivals, special events, menu changes, restaurant news, and more. Let's dig in. Read More Discover craft beer savings with a Hop Passport for the holidays +3 Aspiring BOCES chefs brighten holidays at Maywood Academy in Albany Dec 22, 2025 ALBANY - Aspiring chefs and bakers at the Capital Region BOCES Career and Technical Education (CTE) Center in Albany shared their talents with students at the Maywood Academy and, in the proce… Read More Aspiring BOCES chefs brighten holidays at Maywood Academy in Albany +63 Revelers celebrate the first-ever Schenectady SantaCon Dec 21, 2025 Revelers spread joy throughout Downtown Schenectady Saturday, taking part in the first-ever Schenectady SantaCon. Read More Revelers celebrate the first-ever Schenectady SantaCon +2 Free Polar Express screening, Santa visit at Saratoga Farmers Market Dec 19, 2025 Bite-Sized is a regular feature highlighting local food festivals, special events, menu changes, restaurant news, and more. Let's dig in. Read More Free Polar Express screening, Santa visit at Saratoga Farmers Market +4 Schenectady's first-ever SantaCon set for Saturday - Bite-Sized Dec 17, 2025 Bite-Sized is a regular feature highlighting local food festivals, special events, menu changes, restaurant news, and more. Let's dig in. Read More Schenectady's first-ever SantaCon set for Saturday - Bite-Sized +2 Chef Jermaine Wright leads 'Each One, Feed One' Saturday at Palace Theater Dec 16, 2025 Bite-Sized is a regular feature highlighting local food festivals, special events, menu changes, restaurant news, and more. Let's dig in. Read More Chef Jermaine Wright leads 'Each One, Feed One' Saturday at Palace Theater +4 Amsterdam's Rustic Loft to be featured on America's Best Restaurants Dec 14, 2025 Dave Bubniak built a career in the food industry, combined it with an investment property, and learned from others along the way, culminating in a 10-year run at The Rustic Loft Pub & Gril… Read More Amsterdam's Rustic Loft to be featured on America's Best Restaurants +3 New 7 Brew Coffee location approved in Clifton Park Dec 10, 2025 7 Brew Coffee is continuing to eye expansion in the greater Capital Region, with a move into Saratoga County recently approved. Read More New 7 Brew Coffee location approved in Clifton Park +4 Nine Pin Cider's festive lineup: charcuterie, chocolate pairings, gingerbread houses and more - Bite-Sized Dec 8, 2025 Bite-Sized is a regular feature highlighting local food festivals, special events, menu changes, restaurant news, and more. Let's dig in. Read More Nine Pin Cider's festive lineup: charcuterie, chocolate pairings, gingerbread houses and more - Bite-Sized Sports Wells boys' basketball tops OESJ to win Woodward Tournament for the first time 9 hrs ago NORTHVILLE - Chase Brooks scored a game-high 24 points to lead the Wells boys' basketball team to a 63-34 victory over Oppenheim-Ephratah/St. Johnsville in the championship game of the 17th an… Read More Wells boys' basketball tops OESJ to win Woodward Tournament for the first time Guilderland takes Kirvin Cup 65-55 over Mohonasen boys' basketball — Tuesday's Section 2 scores 11 hrs ago Guilderland topped Mohonasen 65-55 in the championship game of the Kirvin Cup at Mohonasen on Tuesday night. Read More Guilderland takes Kirvin Cup 65-55 over Mohonasen boys' basketball — Tuesday's Section 2 scores Mullen scores 22 as Mohonasen girls' basketball beats Schalmont for Kirvin Cup — Tuesday's Section 2 scores 11 hrs ago Emma Mullen scored 22 points to lead Mohonasen to a 45-39 victory over Schalmont for the Kirvin Cup championship on Tuesday night. Read More Mullen scores 22 as Mohonasen girls' basketball beats Schalmont for Kirvin Cup — Tuesday's Section 2 scores Allen leads Galway girls' basketball to win over Northville in Mayfield tourney title game 12 hrs ago MAYFIELD — For the first time since the 2013-14 season, the Galway girls' basketball team claimed the title at the Mayfield Holiday Tournament. Read More Allen leads Galway girls' basketball to win over Northville in Mayfield tourney title game More Sports High School Sports +14 Schenectady-area high school wrestlers face off in 14 photos 17 hrs ago SCHENECTADY - Area high school wrestlers faced off Tuesday at Schenectady High School. Read More Schenectady-area high school wrestlers face off in 14 photos +4 Wells boys' basketball tops OESJ to win Woodward Tournament for the first time 9 hrs ago NORTHVILLE - Chase Brooks scored a game-high 24 points to lead the Wells boys' basketball team to a 63-34 victory over Oppenheim-Ephratah/St. Johnsville in the championship game of the 17th annual Woodward Tournament at Northville Central School on Tuesday. Read More Wells boys' basketball tops OESJ to win Woodward Tournament for the first time +7 Allen leads Galway girls' basketball to win over Northville in Mayfield tourney title game 12 hrs ago MAYFIELD — For the first time since the 2013-14 season, the Galway girls' basketball team claimed the title at the Mayfield Holiday Tournament. Read More Allen leads Galway girls' basketball to win over Northville in Mayfield tourney title game +5 Niskayuna girls' basketball vs. Holy Names in 5 photos 17 hrs ago ALBANY - Niskayuna girls' basketball took on the Academy of the Holy Names Sunday and fell 59-41. Read More Niskayuna girls' basketball vs. Holy Names in 5 photos +6 Schenectady boys' basketball vs. Saratoga Springs in 6 photos 23 hrs ago BALLSTON SPA - Schenectady boys' basketball took on Saratoga Springs Monday in the Ballston Spa Holiday Tournament and fell 63-48. Read More Schenectady boys' basketball vs. Saratoga Springs in 6 photos +6 Saratoga Springs boys' basketball breaks away in second half for win over Schenectady Dec 29, 2025 BALLSTON SPA — Some rust was to be expected for the Saratoga Springs boys’ basketball team, considering 3/5ths of its starting lineup was coming off a lengthy run to the state championship game during the fall football season. Read More Saratoga Springs boys' basketball breaks away in second half for win over Schenectady +5 Holy Names girls’ basketball swarms Niskayuna early for win Dec 28, 2025 ALBANY — Adjustments were made, but it was too little, too late, as Niskayuna girls’ basketball dropped a 59-41 decision to the Academy of the Holy Names during Day 2 of the Holiday Hoop Classic, on Sunday. Read More Holy Names girls’ basketball swarms Niskayuna early for win Latest e-Edition Daily Gazette To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left. More The Leader-Herald Fulton County events this winter Dec 28, 2025 FULTON COUNTY — Christmas is over, and the long, slow slog to spring is just beginning. Read More Fulton County events this winter Examining the decreasing Capital Region crime rate from the view of the police Dec 26, 2025 CAPITAL REGION — Fulton County Sheriff Richard Giardino made an interesting, and entirely valid, point when he and I discussed a 58% drop in crime over 15 years: The odds you may be a victim o… Read More Examining the decreasing Capital Region crime rate from the view of the police Gloversville borrows $2.2 million for projects Dec 25, 2025 FULTON COUNTY - The Gloversville Common Council voted unanimously Tuesday to borrow $2.2 million. Read More Gloversville borrows $2.2 million for projects Gloversville says farewell to outgoing Mayor Vincent DeSantis Dec 25, 2025 FULTON COUNTY - Gloversville bid farewell Tuesday to Mayor Vincent DeSantis after six years as the city’s top executive, as more than a dozen people — and a governor — praised him at a common … Read More Gloversville says farewell to outgoing Mayor Vincent DeSantis More The Recorder Montgomery County Legislature bids farewell to Martin Kelly 14 hrs ago MONTGOMERY COUNTY — After a dozen years in office, Martin Kelly became the longest-serving legislator in Montgomery County history and the first to reach the four-term limit, obliging him to b… Read More Montgomery County Legislature bids farewell to Martin Kelly Amsterdam’s Holiday College Showcase a shining light Dec 28, 2025 AMSTERDAM — It was almost two decades ago when Amsterdam girls’ basketball head coach Eric Duemler had the idea to start a holiday showcase event. And like most ideas, they started small. Read More Amsterdam’s Holiday College Showcase a shining light Tirado’s late score sends Amsterdam girls’ basketball to thrilling overtime win over Thomas Jefferson Campus in Holiday Showcase Dec 27, 2025 AMSTERDAM — After Elianna Tirado scored the game-tying layup with 3.1 seconds left in regulation, Amsterdam girls’ basketball pitched a shutout in overtime, winning a thriller over previously … Read More Tirado’s late score sends Amsterdam girls’ basketball to thrilling overtime win over Thomas Jefferson Campus in Holiday Showcase Section 3's Utica Notre Dame holds off Bethlehem in tip-off of Amsterdam's Holiday Showcase Dec 27, 2025 AMSTERDAM — The Utica Notre Dame girls’ basketball team traveled just over two hours, round trip, to Amsterdam High School on Saturday morning, and returned to Central New York with its perfec… Read More Section 3's Utica Notre Dame holds off Bethlehem in tip-off of Amsterdam's Holiday Showcase Galleries & Videos +14 Schenectady-area high school wrestlers face off in 14 photos 17 hrs ago SCHENECTADY - Area high school wrestlers faced off Tuesday at Schenectady High School. Read More Schenectady-area high school wrestlers face off in 14 photos +5 Niskayuna girls' basketball vs. Holy Names in 5 photos 17 hrs ago ALBANY - Niskayuna girls' basketball took on the Academy of the Holy Names Sunday and fell 59-41. Read More Niskayuna girls' basketball vs. Holy Names in 5 photos +6 Schenectady boys' basketball vs. Saratoga Springs in 6 photos 23 hrs ago BALLSTON SPA - Schenectady boys' basketball took on Saratoga Springs Monday in the Ballston Spa Holiday Tournament and fell 63-48. Read More Schenectady boys' basketball vs. Saratoga Springs in 6 photos +7 10th Annual Random Santa Drop Off stops at Proctors Theatre in 7 photos Dec 24, 2025 SCHENECTADY - The 10th Annual Random Santa Drop Off handed out free toys in front of Proctors Theatre at 10:30 a.m. on Wednesday. Read More 10th Annual Random Santa Drop Off stops at Proctors Theatre in 7 photos +13 Coxsackie-Athens girls' basketball vs. Catskill in 13 photos Dec 23, 2025 CATSKILL- Coxsackie-Athens girls' basketball won 45-31 in their game against Catskill girls' basketball Dec. 19 at Catskill High School. Read More Coxsackie-Athens girls' basketball vs. Catskill in 13 photos +9 A look at Christmas in 1967 and 1989 in 9 photos Dec 21, 2025 CAPITAL REGION - Cap Scrap today rings in Christmas week with photos from 1989 and 1967. Read More A look at Christmas in 1967 and 1989 in 9 photos +8 Keane Elementary teacher named Schenectady Teacher of the Year, 8 photos Dec 18, 2025 SCHENECTADY - William Keane Elementary School 2nd grade teacher Linda Garrigan was awarded Teacher of the Year by superintendent Dr. Carlos Cotto Thursday, December 18, 2025. Read More Keane Elementary teacher named Schenectady Teacher of the Year, 8 photos +73 Schenectady County Historical Society's Festival of Trees in photos Dec 17, 2025 SCHENECTADY - The Schenectady County Historical Society's Festival of Trees displays over 70 trees, all decorated by local artists, organizations and community members. The exhibit closes Dec. 27. Read More Schenectady County Historical Society's Festival of Trees in photos +11 Shenendehowa girls' basketball vs. Colonie in 11 photos Dec 17, 2025 COLONIE - Shenendehowa girls' basketball took on Colonie Tuesday and fell 63-55. Read More Shenendehowa girls' basketball vs. Colonie in 11 photos +12 Wreaths Across America at Solomon Saratoga National Cemetery in 12 photos Dec 15, 2025 SCHUYLERVILLE - The Gerald B.H. Solomon Saratoga National Cemetery held its annual Wreaths Across America Saturday for the 10th year in a row as those gathered placed remembrance wreaths on th… Read More Wreaths Across America at Solomon Saratoga National Cemetery in 12 photos +10 Union College men's hockey vs. Alaska Fairbanks in 10 photos Dec 15, 2025 SCHENECTADY - Union College men's hockey took on Alaska Fairbanks Saturday and came away with the 3-2 win. Union also held its Teddy Bear Toss. Read More Union College men's hockey vs. Alaska Fairbanks in 10 photos +6 Schenectady boys' basketball vs. Burnt Hills-Ballston Lake in 6 photos Dec 15, 2025 HIGH SCHOOLS - Schenectady boys' basketball took on Burnt Hills Ballston Lake Friday night won 69-63. Read More Schenectady boys' basketball vs. Burnt Hills-Ballston Lake in 6 photos More The Spot518 Legendary pianist Emanuel Ax returns to Union College for Sunday concert 22 hrs ago SCHENECTADY — Legendary pianist Emanuel Ax will return to Union College’s Memorial Chapel after a four-year hiatus to give a recital at 3 p.m. Sunday, one of numerous recitals and orchestral appearances the 76-year old has scheduled for the coming year. Read More Legendary pianist Emanuel Ax returns to Union College for Sunday concert A look back at some favorite Capital Region theatre shows 20 hrs ago CAPITAL REGION - It’s hard to believe we have reached the end of another year. Read More A look back at some favorite Capital Region theatre shows Hot Club of Saratoga, Olli Soikkeli headed to Van Dyck to celebrate Django Reinhardt Dec 28, 2025 SCHENECTADY — The Van Dyck Music Club will play host to the Hot Club of Saratoga and gypsy jazz guitarist Olli Soikkeli with his trio for the third annual Django birthday celebration on Jan. 23 . The event commemorates the 115th anniversary of Django Reinhardt’s birth with a concert, worksho… Read More Hot Club of Saratoga, Olli Soikkeli headed to Van Dyck to celebrate Django Reinhardt +4 Ring in 2026 with decadent dining experiences at local hotspots Dec 28, 2025 Bite-Sized is a regular feature highlighting local food festivals, special events, menu changes, restaurant news, and more. Let's dig in. Read More Ring in 2026 with decadent dining experiences at local hotspots More Life & Arts Legendary pianist Emanuel Ax returns to Union College for Sunday concert 22 hrs ago SCHENECTADY — Legendary pianist Emanuel Ax will return to Union College’s Memorial Chapel after a four-year hiatus to give a recital at 3 p.m. Sunday, one of numerous recitals and orchestral appearances the 76-year old has scheduled for the coming year. Read More Legendary pianist Emanuel Ax returns to Union College for Sunday concert A look back at some favorite Capital Region theatre shows 20 hrs ago CAPITAL REGION - It’s hard to believe we have reached the end of another year. Read More A look back at some favorite Capital Region theatre shows What to do New Years Eve 2025 Capital Region Dec 29, 2025 CAPITAL REGION — For those looking to celebrate the new year, there’s plenty to do in the Capital Region from parties to events. The Daily Gazette has compiled a list of some fun ways to ring in 2026. Read More What to do New Years Eve 2025 Capital Region +6 Capital Region In Memoriam: Some of those lost in 2025 and their legacies Dec 29, 2025 The Capital Region lost, remembered and celebrated the lives of several of its own in 2025. Read More Capital Region In Memoriam: Some of those lost in 2025 and their legacies More Food & Drink +10 A Pint-Sized look back at 10 places that stuck with me Dec 27, 2025 If you’ve read Pint-Sized for a while, you know this isn’t science. It’s not weighted scoring, it’s not blind tasting and it’s definitely not sponsored. Read More A Pint-Sized look back at 10 places that stuck with me +5 Dairy industry, farmers applaud return of whole milk to schools Dec 20, 2025 Another beverage option could soon be in school cafeterias across the nation if President Donald Trump signs the Whole Milk for Healthy Kids Act as expected. Read More Dairy industry, farmers applaud return of whole milk to schools +3 Pot pie proves to be perfect use of leftover beef - In and Out of the Kitchen Dec 20, 2025 Not long ago we had a lovely dinner for six of fancy beef, fingerling potatoes roasted with garlic and shallots and rosemary, and buttered carrots. Read More Pot pie proves to be perfect use of leftover beef - In and Out of the Kitchen +3 Saratoga Springs' Tree House Brewing meets lofty expectations --Pint-Sized Dec 20, 2025 SARATOGA SPRINGS — Tree House Brewing Company has been visited by Pint-Sized! Since starting this column earlier this year in March, I’ve been asked by hundreds of people if I’ve been to Tree House. Until now, the answer was “No.” Read More Saratoga Springs' Tree House Brewing meets lofty expectations --Pint-Sized Become a Subscriber Today Get online access to dailygazette.com, e-Edition, mobile apps, and home delivery. Subscribe Mobile App Downloads Get The Daily Gazette in your inbox! Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Daily Gazette Headlines Top stories and breaking news, delivered daily at 5:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. News Alerts Major news, right when it happens—sent straight to your inbox. Weekly Top Stories A weekly roundup of our top stories from across all our publications—delivered every Saturday. Daily Gazette Crime Bulletin A weekly roundup of local crime news—delivered every Wednesday Gazette|Recorder|Leader-Herald  e-Edition Get the day’s full paper—The Daily Gazette, Amsterdam Recorder & Leader Herald—delivered to your inbox daily by 5 a.m. You must select at least one email list. Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists Editorials Letters Columns Opinion EDITORIAL: Hope, renewal and possibilities for the new year 13 hrs ago The middle of winter seems like an odd time and place to refresh our lives. Read More EDITORIAL: Hope, renewal and possibilities for the new year GUEST COLUMN: Mutualism, creative power and Schenectady’s next economy 13 hrs ago As 2025 — the International Year of Cooperatives — comes to a close, it’s a fitting moment to reflect on how people come together to meet shared needs and shape a common future. Read More GUEST COLUMN: Mutualism, creative power and Schenectady’s next economy GUEST COLUMN: Ending 100-foot rule good for NY utility customers Dec 29, 2025 Now that winter is here, millions of New Yorkers are turning on their gas heat and, without realizing it, they have been paying for something they’ll never use. Read More GUEST COLUMN: Ending 100-foot rule good for NY utility customers EDITORIAL: Prepare to stay safe on New Year’s Eve Dec 29, 2025 There are three places you don’t want to start the new year: the police station, the emergency room or the morgue. Read More EDITORIAL: Prepare to stay safe on New Year’s Eve EDITORIAL: Prioritize law to protect children in custody disputes Dec 28, 2025 Divorces involving children can be messy. Read More EDITORIAL: Prioritize law to protect children in custody disputes EDITORIAL: Urge government officials to pass bills to fight human trafficking Dec 27, 2025 “I was on the streets for six years. I was trafficked by multiple people who took advantage of a drug addiction I had developed. They would intentionally make me sick and use drugs to torture … Read More EDITORIAL: Urge government officials to pass bills to fight human trafficking Obituaries John M. Fiore 7 hrs ago John M. Fiore Rotterdam - John M. Fiore, 108, passed away Sunday December 28, 2025 at the Al… Read More John M. Fiore Ronald Dagfin Larsen 7 hrs ago Ronald Dagfin Larsen Schenectady - Ronald D. Larsen, 79, passed away peacefully at home on D… Read More Ronald Dagfin Larsen Marsha E Mortimore 7 hrs ago Marsha E. Mortimore Schenectady - Marsha E Mortimore, 77, passed away surrounded by the love… Read More Marsha E Mortimore Camille L. LaViolette Dec 30, 2025 Camille L. LaViolette Glenville - Camille L. LaViolette, 87, a beacon of kindness and love, … Read More Camille L. LaViolette David C. Goodale Dec 30, 2025 David C. Goodale Clifton Park - David C. Goodale peacefully closed his eyes on Earth on Dece… Read More David C. Goodale Carol Ann Roscioli DiPace Dec 30, 2025 Carol Ann Roscioli DiPace Schenectady - Carol Ann Roscioli DiPace, 82, entered peacefully in… Read More Carol Ann Roscioli DiPace Angeline Evelyn Attanasio Dec 30, 2025 Angeline Evelyn Attanasio Angeline Evelyn Attanasio, née DiCerbo, passed away on December 9,… Read More Angeline Evelyn Attanasio Loretta J. (Urban) Becker Dec 30, 2025 Loretta J. (Urban) Becker Schenectady - Loretta J. (Urban) Becker, 81, born in Schenectady, … Read More Loretta J. (Urban) Becker National News What to know about the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as the search resumes See the world in vertical: Top photos by AP photojournalists A rough year for journalists in 2025, with a little hope for things to turn around Trump administration says it's freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes National Entertainment Movies and TV shows casting across the US What to do New Years Eve 2025 Capital Region New Hans Creek snowmobile trail opens after nearly a decade of work Eurasian geese, lost songbirds and a Florida man: 2025 in review — Winging It Online Features Home Improvement Advertorial Why You Should Consider Pellet Heating for Your Home 8 hrs ago Espanol Advertorial La epidemia silenciosa:  Por qué las personas con diabetes pierden la vista 23 hrs ago Health & Wellness Advertorial This new year, reset your body with 4 simple tips Brandpoint (BPT) Dec 30, 2025 Espanol Advertorial Cómo preparar su vehículo para conducir en invierno de forma más segura Brandpoint (BPT) Dec 30, 2025 Contact Us dailygazette.com 2345 Maxon Rd. Ext. Schenectady, NY 12308 Phone: 518-374-4141 Contact Us Form Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram e-Edition iOS App Android App Subscriptions Subscribe Pay My Print Delivery Bill Manage My Digital Account Cancel My Subscription Vacation Stop Missed Delivery Request Tube Register Print Account for Digital Access Mail Transition FAQ Services Submission Forms Area Legislators Classifieds Place an Classified Ad Calendar Community Journalism Fund Email Alerts Search Weather Digital Arcade Ask a Doctor Advertising Inquiry Pay Advertising Invoice Mobile Apps Downloads Upcoming Events Other Publications The Gloversville Leader-Herald The Amsterdam Recorder Spotlight News Hudsonvalley360.com The Spot518 - Music | Arts | Culture Your Schenectady × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2025 Gazette News Group, Inc. 2345 Maxon Rd. Ext., Schenectady, NY | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital . Back × You are logged in Switch accounts Secure transaction. Cancel anytime. Have an account? Log In Back × Sign Up Account processing issue - the email address may already exist User information Username (Optional) This is the name that will be displayed next to your photo for comments, blog posts, and more. Choose wisely! * First name * Last name Zip code * Email Address Your email address will be used to confirm your account. We won't share it with anyone else. * Password Create a password that only you will remember. If you forget it, you'll be able to recover it using your email address. * Confirm Password Confirm your password. Contact information Phone Mailing lists Join our mailing lists 518 Crave Have the latest food and drink articles delivered to your inbox every Thursday. 518 Politics Local and state politics made simple. Hits your inbox every Tuesday. Daily Gazette Crime Bulletin A weekly roundup of local crime news—delivered every Wednesday Daily Gazette Headlines Top stories and breaking news, delivered daily at 5:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. Gazette Local Obituaries Honoring lives in our community—new obits shared daily. Gazette|Recorder|Leader-Herald  e-Edition Get the day’s full paper—The Daily Gazette, Amsterdam Recorder & Leader Herald—delivered to your inbox daily by 5 a.m. Handicappers Email list Expert race picks delivered daily during the Saratoga track season. Hv360 Headlines HV360 headlines to your inbox! HV360 Local Obituaries Remembering those we've lost. Delivered Tuesday through Saturday. Leader Herald Daily Headlines Top local stories delivered to your inbox Monday through Saturday. LH-REC Local Obituaries Leader Herald & Amsterdam Recorder Obituaries. Remembering those we've lost. Delivered Monday through Saturday. Local Sports News Alerts Major news, right when it happens—sent straight to your inbox. News Alerts - HV360 Major news, right when it happens—sent straight to your inbox. Register Star and Daily Mail e-Edition Get the Register Star and Daily Mail E-edition delivered directly to your inbox! Spotlight News - e-edition New! Spotlight News now has an e-edition. The Recorder Daily Headlines Have the latest local news delivered every morning so you don't miss out on updates. TheSpot518 - e-edition Get The Spot518 e-edition in your email weekly. TheSpot518 Headlines The latest Spot518 headlines twice a week. TheSpot518 Weekly Top Stories A weekly roundup of our top stories from The Spot518 —delivered every Saturday. Weekly Top Stories A weekly roundup of our top stories from across all our publications—delivered every Saturday. Your Niskayuna e-edition Get Your Niskayuna e-edition in your email weekly. Select All / None CAPTCHA Create Account Have an account? Log In × You're all set! Thank you . Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in. Check your email for details. OK Back × Log In Invalid password or account does not exist Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Log In Email me a log in link Admin login Subscribe Need an account? Sign Up Back × Reset Password Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password. Email or Screen Name CAPTCHA Reset Password × Forgot Password An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account. Back × Email me a log in link Account Email CAPTCHA Send Email Back × Promotional Offers Enter Promo Code Redeem No promotional rates found. Back × Purchase Gift Purchase Access × An error occurred × Secure & Encrypted What's your email address? Email Password Confirm password What's your name? First name Last name Who is this gift for? Recipient name Recipient email Optional message for the recipient Who is this gift from? Purchaser name Purchaser email Delivery date Delivery date What's your billing location? State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Puerto Rico US Virgin Islands Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Pacific Armed Forces Europe Northern Mariana Islands Marshall Islands American Samoa Federated States of Micronesia Guam Palau Alberta, Canada British Columbia, Canada Manitoba, Canada New Brunswick, Canada Newfoundland, Canada Nova Scotia, Canada Northwest Territories, Canada Nunavut, Canada Ontario, Canada Prince Edward Island, Canada Quebec, Canada Saskatchewan, Canada Yukon Territory, Canada Zip Code Country United States of America US Virgin Islands United States Minor Outlying Islands Canada Mexico, United Mexican States Bahamas, Commonwealth of the Cuba, Republic of Dominican Republic Haiti, Republic of Jamaica Afghanistan Albania, People's Socialist Republic of Algeria, People's Democratic Republic of American Samoa Andorra, Principality of Angola, Republic of Anguilla Antarctica (the territory South of 60 deg S) Antigua and Barbuda Argentina, Argentine Republic Armenia Aruba Australia, Commonwealth of Austria, Republic of Azerbaijan, Republic of Bahrain, Kingdom of Bangladesh, People's Republic of Barbados Belarus Belgium, Kingdom of Belize Benin, People's Republic of Bermuda Bhutan, Kingdom of Bolivia, Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana, Republic of Bouvet Island (Bouvetoya) Brazil, Federative Republic of British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago) British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria, People's Republic of Burkina Faso Burundi, Republic of Cambodia, Kingdom of Cameroon, United Republic of Cape Verde, Republic of Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad, Republic of Chile, Republic of China, People's Republic of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia, Republic of Comoros, Union of the Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, People's Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica, Republic of Cote D'Ivoire, Ivory Coast, Republic of the Cyprus, Republic of Czech Republic Denmark, Kingdom of Djibouti, Republic of Dominica, Commonwealth of Ecuador, Republic of Egypt, Arab Republic of El Salvador, Republic of Equatorial Guinea, Republic of Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji, Republic of the Fiji Islands Finland, Republic of France, French Republic French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon, Gabonese Republic Gambia, Republic of the Georgia Germany Ghana, Republic of Gibraltar Greece, Hellenic Republic Greenland Grenada Guadaloupe Guam Guatemala, Republic of Guinea, Revolutionary
People's Rep'c of Guinea-Bissau, Republic of Guyana, Republic of Heard and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras, Republic of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region of China Hrvatska (Croatia) Hungary, Hungarian People's Republic Iceland, Republic of India, Republic of Indonesia, Republic of Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq, Republic of Ireland Israel, State of Italy, Italian Republic Japan Jordan, Hashemite Kingdom of Kazakhstan, Republic of Kenya, Republic of Kiribati, Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait, State of Kyrgyz Republic Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon, Lebanese Republic Lesotho, Kingdom of Liberia, Republic of Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein, Principality of Lithuania Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Macao, Special Administrative Region of China Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar, Republic of Malawi, Republic of Malaysia Maldives, Republic of Mali, Republic of Malta, Republic of Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania, Islamic Republic of Mauritius Mayotte Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco, Principality of Mongolia, Mongolian People's Republic Montserrat Morocco, Kingdom of Mozambique, People's Republic of Myanmar Namibia Nauru, Republic of Nepal, Kingdom of Netherlands Antilles Netherlands, Kingdom of the New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua, Republic of Niger, Republic of the Nigeria, Federal Republic of Niue, Republic of Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway, Kingdom of Oman, Sultanate of Pakistan, Islamic Republic of Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama, Republic of Papua New Guinea Paraguay, Republic of Peru, Republic of Philippines, Republic of the Pitcairn Island Poland, Polish People's Republic Portugal, Portuguese Republic Puerto Rico Qatar, State of Reunion Romania, Socialist Republic of Russian Federation Rwanda, Rwandese Republic Samoa, Independent State of San Marino, Republic of Sao Tome and Principe, Democratic Republic of Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of Senegal, Republic of Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles, Republic of Sierra Leone, Republic of Singapore, Republic of Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia, Somali Republic South Africa, Republic of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain, Spanish State Sri Lanka, Democratic Socialist Republic of St. Helena St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan, Democratic Republic of the Suriname, Republic of Svalbard & Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland, Kingdom of Sweden, Kingdom of Switzerland, Swiss Confederation Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand, Kingdom of Timor-Leste, Democratic Republic of Togo, Togolese Republic Tokelau (Tokelau Islands) Tonga, Kingdom of Trinidad and Tobago, Republic of Tunisia, Republic of Turkey, Republic of Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda, Republic of Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom of Great Britain & N. Ireland Uruguay, Eastern Republic of Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam, Socialist Republic of Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia, Republic of Zimbabwe What's your delivery address? Copy billing location Address City State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Puerto Rico US Virgin Islands Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Pacific Armed Forces Europe Northern Mariana Islands Marshall Islands American Samoa Federated States of Micronesia Guam Palau Alberta, Canada British Columbia, Canada Manitoba, Canada New Brunswick, Canada Newfoundland, Canada Nova Scotia, Canada Northwest Territories, Canada Nunavut, Canada Ontario, Canada Prince Edward Island, Canada Quebec, Canada Saskatchewan, Canada Yukon Territory, Canada Zip code Country United States of America US Virgin Islands United States Minor Outlying Islands Canada Mexico, United Mexican States Bahamas, Commonwealth of the Cuba, Republic of Dominican Republic Haiti, Republic of Jamaica Afghanistan Albania, People's Socialist Republic of Algeria, People's Democratic Republic of American Samoa Andorra, Principality of Angola, Republic of Anguilla Antarctica (the territory South of 60 deg S) Antigua and Barbuda Argentina, Argentine Republic Armenia Aruba Australia, Commonwealth of Austria, Republic of Azerbaijan, Republic of Bahrain, Kingdom of Bangladesh, People's Republic of Barbados Belarus Belgium, Kingdom of Belize Benin, People's Republic of Bermuda Bhutan, Kingdom of Bolivia, Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana, Republic of Bouvet Island (Bouvetoya) Brazil, Federative Republic of British Indian Ocean Territory (Chagos Archipelago) British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria, People's Republic of Burkina Faso Burundi, Republic of Cambodia, Kingdom of Cameroon, United Republic of Cape Verde, Republic of Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad, Republic of Chile, Republic of China, People's Republic of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia, Republic of Comoros, Union of the Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, People's Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica, Republic of Cote D'Ivoire, Ivory Coast, Republic of the Cyprus, Republic of Czech Republic Denmark, Kingdom of Djibouti, Republic of Dominica, Commonwealth of Ecuador, Republic of Egypt, Arab Republic of El Salvador, Republic of Equatorial Guinea, Republic of Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji, Republic of the Fiji Islands Finland, Republic of France, French Republic French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon, Gabonese Republic Gambia, Republic of the Georgia Germany Ghana, Republic of Gibraltar Greece, Hellenic Republic Greenland Grenada Guadaloupe Guam Guatemala, Republic of Guinea, Revolutionary
People's Rep'c of Guinea-Bissau, Republic of Guyana, Republic of Heard and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras, Republic of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region of China Hrvatska (Croatia) Hungary, Hungarian People's Republic Iceland, Republic of India, Republic of Indonesia, Republic of Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq, Republic of Ireland Israel, State of Italy, Italian Republic Japan Jordan, Hashemite Kingdom of Kazakhstan, Republic of Kenya, Republic of Kiribati, Republic of Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait, State of Kyrgyz Republic Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon, Lebanese Republic Lesotho, Kingdom of Liberia, Republic of Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein, Principality of Lithuania Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Macao, Special Administrative Region of China Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar, Republic of Malawi, Republic of Malaysia Maldives, Republic of Mali, Republic of Malta, Republic of Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania, Islamic Republic of Mauritius Mayotte Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco, Principality of Mongolia, Mongolian People's Republic Montserrat Morocco, Kingdom of Mozambique, People's Republic of Myanmar Namibia Nauru, Republic of Nepal, Kingdom of Netherlands Antilles Netherlands, Kingdom of the New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua, Republic of Niger, Republic of the Nigeria, Federal Republic of Niue, Republic of Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway, Kingdom of Oman, Sultanate of Pakistan, Islamic Republic of Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama, Republic of Papua New Guinea Paraguay, Republic of Peru, Republic of Philippines, Republic of the Pitcairn Island Poland, Polish People's Republic Portugal, Portuguese Republic Puerto Rico Qatar, State of Reunion Romania, Socialist Republic of Russian Federation Rwanda, Rwandese Republic Samoa, Independent State of San Marino, Republic of Sao Tome and Principe, Democratic Republic of Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of Senegal, Republic of Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles, Republic of Sierra Leone, Republic of Singapore, Republic of Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia, Somali Republic South Africa, Republic of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain, Spanish State Sri Lanka, Democratic Socialist Republic of St. Helena St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and the Grenadines Sudan, Democratic Republic of the Suriname, Republic of Svalbard & Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland, Kingdom of Sweden, Kingdom of Switzerland, Swiss Confederation Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand, Kingdom of Timor-Leste, Democratic Republic of Togo, Togolese Republic Tokelau (Tokelau Islands) Tonga, Kingdom of Trinidad and Tobago, Republic of Tunisia, Republic of Turkey, Republic of Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda, Republic of Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom of Great Britain & N. Ireland Uruguay, Eastern Republic of Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam, Socialist Republic of Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia, Republic of Zimbabwe Phone Subtotal: Total: How would you like to pay? Add New Card I Agree to the Subscription Terms of Use. This service will be automatically renewed and your credit card billed once it nears expiration. Secure transaction. Secure transaction. Cancel anytime. × You're all set! Thank you . Your gift purchase was successful! Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in. A receipt was sent to your email. OK × An error occurred This offer is currently unavailable. Close