dailycal.org Skip to main content Facebook Twitter TikTok Instagram Site search Search Featured Special Issues Editor's Picks Awards News Campus City County State National Obituaries Investigations Sports Men’s Sports Women’s Sports Track and Field Cross Country Crew Bear Bytes Columns Special Report Arts Music Film & Television Theater Visual Art Literature Fashion Columns Culture Shot Video Games Comedy Local Events Arts Awards Dance Opinion Editorials Columns Op-Eds Our Voices Letters To The Editor Editorial Cartoons The Soapbox Lifestyle How To Local Guides Quizzes Strikeout Multimedia Videos Photo Essays Podcasts Cartoons Weekender Back and Forth Commentaries and Features Personal Essays Poems Fiction Data Puzzles Advertise Classifieds Legals Browse Noticies Place Notices About Contact us Hall of Fame Donate! BERKELEY'S NEWS • December 31, 2025 Facebook Twitter TikTok Instagram Menu Site search Search Advertise Classifieds Legals Browse Noticies Place Notices About Contact us Hall of Fame Featured Special Issues Editor's Picks Awards News Campus City County State National Obituaries Investigations Sports Men’s Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Gymnastics Rugby Soccer Swimming & Diving Tennis Water Polo Women’s Sports Basketball Beach-volleyball Field-hockey Golf Gymnastics Lacrosse Soccer Softball Swimming-and-diving Tennis Volleyball Water-polo Track and Field Cross Country Crew Bear Bytes Columns Special Report Arts Music Film & Television Theater Visual Art Literature Fashion Columns Culture Shot Video Games Comedy Local Events Arts Awards Dance Opinion Editorials Columns Op-Eds Our Voices Letters To The Editor Editorial Cartoons The Soapbox Lifestyle How To Local Guides Quizzes Strikeout Multimedia Videos Photo Essays Podcasts Cartoons Weekender Back and Forth Commentaries and Features Personal Essays Poems Fiction Data Puzzles Support Our Student Newsroom We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage. Subscribe! News City Berkeley’s EMBER initiative will go into effect Jan. 1. Here’s what residents need to know The Effective Mitigations for Berkeley Ember Resilience Initiative, or EMBER, will take effect Jan. 1, 2026 and change fire prevention policy and code in Berkeley. Campus ‘60 Minutes’ segment featuring UC Berkeley research into CECOT abruptly pulled from air Hours before broadcast Dec. 21, a group of campus students and staff from the UC Berkeley Human Rights Center’s Investigations Lab were informed that CBS News was pulling a “60 Minutes” segment they were interviewed in that was slated to air that evening. Campus UC Berkeley alumna sues Phi Kappa Tau after fall from fraternity balcony UC Berkeley alumna Bandna Bhatti is suing Phi Kappa Tau, the UC Board of Regents and the city of Berkeley after she fell from the fraternity’s balcony on Cal Day 2025 and is now paralyzed from the hip down. Affiliate Links How Dr. Stephan Schmidheiny Transformed the Daros Collection into a Global Contemporary Art Institution Sports Basketball 2025-26 Cal men’s basketball ACC shootaround Dec 29, 2025 With ACC play starting for the Bears, The Daily Californian’s men’s basketball beat writers give their thoughts on Cal’s season thus far and their predictions for the rest of the season. Basketball 2025-26 Cal women’s basketball ACC shootaround Dec 29, 2025 The Daily Californian women’s basketball beat writers Amara McEvoy, Maya Martinez Lurvey, Amy Zhang and Aidan Stecher offer their thoughts on Cal’s start to the season and what lies ahead in ACC play. Football Cal football hires Michael Hutchings and Da’Von Brown as defensive coordinators Dec 26, 2025 30-year-old Michael Hutchings has been hired as defensive coordinator by Lupoi, Cal Athletics announced today. Da’Von Brown will join Hutchings as co-defensive coordinator and defensive backs coach. Football Sheraton Hawai‘i Bowl ends in a brawl after Cal blows 21-point lead Dec 26, 2025 Cal blew a 21-point lead in a 35-31 loss against Hawaii in the Sheraton Hawai‘i Bowl on Christmas Eve. Arts Film & Television ‘Anaconda’ doesn’t suck 10 hrs ago It doesn’t hit on every front, but it hits on enough to be entertaining and a glimmer of hope for the return of the genre. Do yourself a favor and catch it before it slithers out of theaters. Arts Awards The Daily Californian’s Arts Awards: Film of 2025 11 hrs ago Read The Daily Californian’s picks for the best of film in 2025. Arts Awards The Daily Californian’s Arts Awards: Television of 2025 11 hrs ago Read The Daily Californian’s picks for the best of television in 2025. Arts Awards The Daily Californian’s Arts Awards: Music of 2025 11 hrs ago Read The Daily Californian’s picks for the best of music in 2025. Affiliate Links Beyond the Scoreboard: The Hidden Role of Communication Tech in Baseball's Strategy Sign up for our email newsletter! * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Newsletter Preference Daily Newsletter Weekly Newsletter Tweets by dailycal Opinion Editorials UC Berkeley has reached a new low by suspending lecturer Peyrin Kao Dec 22, 2025 Hermalin determined Kao’s hunger strike and post-lecture remarks to be enough of a violation of Regents Policy 2301 to deserve a suspension; however, we see two glaring problems with this conclusion. Firstly, Kao does not use class time for the purpose of advocacy and more importantly, even if he did, advocacy in the classroom is not explicitly forbidden by Regents Policy 2301. Op-Eds Peyrin Kao’s suspension concerns more than free speech Dec 19, 2025 In framing Kao’s case solely as a matter of free speech, we leave out two of the most important contexts that bear on its assessment. Op-Eds A tale of two professors: Peyrin and the Palestine exception Dec 17, 2025 The upper echelons of UC Berkeley’s administration includes many outspoken Zionists who have denied the genocide in Gaza, accused their own faculty of celebrating terrorism and even served in the genocidal Israeli Defense Forces. The Soapbox We must challenge the Supreme Court’s theory of a colorblind democracy Dec 15, 2025 Historically, America has expanded the right to vote — first to all men, regardless of property, then to Black Americans and eventually to women. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 marked a high point in the expansion of American democracy. Lifestyle Strikeout Survivor of ‘nothing’: How we talk about sexual violence Dec 18, 2025 When I was 15 years old, I became a victim of sexual violence at the hands of my first boyfriend. Is that the correct way to say it? Does that tell you what happened to me? Does that tell you what it meant to me as a child? Why is there no way for me to say what happened without placing myself as an object, a thing acted upon , a victim of ? Would it make you more comfortable if I said “survivor?” Is that the language that would be more pleasing to you? Strikeout All those in favor say ‘I’ Dec 18, 2025 I’ve been told numerous times to ‘forget everything I learned in high school’ when it comes to college essay-writing. Great, I’ll just relearn four years’ worth of lessons on rhetoric and language in the week before this assignment is due! Local Guides Dear Santa: Here’s my UC Berkeley wish list Dec 18, 2025 I promise I’ve been very good this semester! Local Guides UC Berkeley’s superstitions and traditions Dec 17, 2025 For the sake of continuing our school’s prestigious reputation and keeping up a proud student body, I hope you will partake in these traditions and superstitions to maintain your GPA and to graduate with honors — just like Igor. Local Events CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION Sponsored Content Affiliate Links Are Sports More Lucrative in Los Angeles or Missouri? Affiliate Links Rethinking Backup Strategy: Veeam's Modern Take on the 3-2-1 Rule in 2025 Affiliate Links Understanding California's Lemon Law for Car Buyers Affiliate Links The Silent Revolution on America's Highways: "Everyone's Doing It" Affiliate Links PDFAid vs. PDFfiller: What’s the Difference in Everyday Use Affiliate Links Is Crypto a Good Investment for College Students? Affiliate Links Robert Balzebre's California Home Used Fire-Resistant Design Years Before California Mandate Affiliate Links Can the Pool Offer a More Realistic Path to Fitness for Overloaded Students? Affiliate Links Financial Flexibility in Uncertain Times: Why Personal Loans Are on the Rise Affiliate Links Navigating legal support after a car accident Affiliate Links Brian Quinn Amplifies Mental Health Crisis Solutions for First Responders Affiliate Links 15 Effective SaaS Email Marketing Strategies for 2026 Affiliate Links Randy Douthit and the Art of the Unscripted Moment Affiliate Links Convergence of Synthetic Biology and AI Technology Affiliate Links Four Former Bears Currently Shining in the NFL Affiliate Links Understanding NFL Rivalries: What Makes Certain Matchups So Compelling Affiliate Links Jack Byrd Implements Performance Recognition Programs to Address Staffing Challenges at Solaren Affiliate Links How Entrepreneurs Can Stretch Every Dollar in the Early Stages Affiliate Links How Robinson Defines Strategic Resistance: From Corporate Campaigns to Movement Infrastructure Affiliate Links J-P Conte's First-Generation Student Strategy: Unlocking $700 Billion Economic Impact Sponsored Links Grants for seniors California workers compensation insurance Best site to buy Instagram Followers Fuse Service HVAC Download VPN for Windows Buy Instagram Followers Wholesale products from China Carpet Cleaning Air Duct Cleaning Rug Cleaning Sliding Door Repair featured special issues editor's picks awards photo essays news campus city county state national obituaries notes from the field sports football M. Hoops W. Hoops Baseball Softball Bear Bytes columns special report arts music film & television theater visual art literature fashion columns culture shot video games comedy local events arts awards opinion editorials op-eds letters to the editor columns editorial cartoons blog the daily clog eating berkeley travel blog strikeout earth to berkeley editor's blog multimedia news: city news: campus sports arts entertainment insider weekender projects puzzles Advertise Classifieds Legals Browse Notices Place Notices About Contact Us Facebook Twitter TikTok Instagram × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2025 The Daily Californian 2483 Hearst Avenue, Berkeley, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital .