DAKboard - A customizable display for your photos, calendar, news, weather and more! Cart Free shipping on all orders over $50 in the continental U.S. Home Pricing Shop About Blog Login Organize. Simplify. Enjoy! DAKboard is a customizable display for photos, calendar, news, weather 
					and so much more! DAKboard makes it easy to get organized so you won’t miss a thing. Shop Now Create a free account Use a laptop, tablet or Raspberry Pi! Digital Wall Calendar DAKboard is a digital wall calendar. It supports calendar syncing with Google Calendar, iCloud Calendar, Facebook and other online calendar services! Choose an agenda style to see the next few days, or display your events on a full monthly calendar. DAKboard makes a perfect digital family planner! Agenda view Full monthly view Customizable calendar colors Google Calendar Apple iCloud Calendar Facebook Events Microsoft Office365 .ICS ICS Files Beautiful Agenda View The agenda style calendar is perfect for showing off upcoming events, conference schedules or meeting room schedules. Long descriptions, start and end times as well as the event location are all easily visible. Choose a color for each calendar and see it on the agenda. Upcoming Events Conference Room Schedule Meeting Room Availability Digital Photo Frame Digital Photo Frame DAKboard is a "set it, and forget it", digital picture frame. Authorize your favorite photo sharing service 
					such as Instagram, Dropbox, or Flickr and let DAKboard be your digital art display!
					Configure it to show your latest photos, or pull from a specific album. Have it 
					change the photo at any interval you choose. There's no separate albums to manage, or SD cards to load. 
					DAKboard is a wifi connected, smart picture frame! Flickr Dropbox Apple iCloud Photos Box Nature & Landscape Microsoft OneDrive See all of our supported photo integrations Office Welcome Board DAKboard is perfect for digital signage around the office. Use the custom layout editor to create beautiful and informative welcome boards, building directories conference 
					room schedule displays and more. Use the DAKboard CPU to display your signage on larger TVs or your existing displays. Welcome board Lobby display Conference room schedules Building directory The Ultimate Smart Home Dashboard With everything you need in one place, DAKboard can help you stay informed at a glance. The following are just a few examples of how you can customize your DAKboard screens: Smart Home Devices Weather Traffic To-do Lists News Feeds Stock Quotes See all of our supported integrations Use our drag and drop custom screen editor to create a pixel perfect layout to showcase all your content. Start from scratch or use one of our many templates! Simple Configuration The DAKboard web app is configured through a simple web-based interface accessible from any laptop, tablet or smartphone. Flexible Options Don't want to see the weather forecast? Don't want to see calendar events? Want to use DAKboard for your Magic Mirror? No problem! Configure it with a click in the options section. Zero Maintenance Once configured, there are no SD cards to load, no additional calendars to update and no photos to upload. DAKboard is a perfect smart home dashboard, always displaying your latest and relevant content! 100% Customizable Create a completely custom and unique layout of all your content using our simple drag, drop and resizable block framework. Works in Landscape too! DAKboard looks great whether displayed vertically or horizontally! Our Wall Display includes mounting brackets for landscape mode. Reviews & Testimonials I Received this for Christmas and I love having our busy schedule displayed for our entire family to see and stay on track! Great Product! — Laura Renee Gwyn | Facebook LOVE THIS! I have been waiting for this invention for so many years. My family is now able to follow along on my electronic calendars. 
							Synced to my Instagram and have rotating family pictures too which makes it attractive and inviting to look at. — Ashley Harding |  
							Amazon Such an amazing idea and fantastic design. I built a photo frame out of a Pi and an old monitor for my grandfather so he can stay up to date with pictures of the grandkids. He loves it! — Jonathan Lindskoog | Facebook DAKboard was the perfect solution for our office bulletin board. We were looking for a calendar display with time and weather and this couldn’t be more elegant and simple. Well done! — Kolby Dukes | Facebook In the News "Connects easily with online calendars." "It's a game changer." "A gorgeous web interface." Purchase the wall display Buy the DAKboard Wall Display. It features an elegant and easily mounted wifi connected LCD screen, boasting crisp and vivid images from all viewing angles. Shop Now Try it out with a free account Use your existing laptop, tablet, or create your own digital photo frame using a monitor and a Raspberry Pi! Set it on a shelf or counter and start enjoying it today! Create a free account Links Home Pricing Shop About Blog Shop DAKboard Wall Displays DAKboard CPUs Pre-Loaded Micro SD Card Return Policy Shipping Policy International Shipping Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Limited Warranty Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Support Status Support Site API Documentation Contact Us Copyright © 2025 DAKboard, LLC. All rights reserved. × Create Account OR Create Account By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions of
                        Use , including our cookie use. × Login OR Login Forgot your password? | Create an account