Skip to main content
Donate
Go to
Info for
Login
Menu 
Study
Admissions
Campus Life
Libraries
Research and Innovation
Alumni
About Dal
Celebrating our history, and the promise ahead.

Happy Holidays and a Joyful New Year!

Find a Program
Admissions & Cost
Apply to study at Dal
Important Dates
$90 million
financial student support
300+
unique degree programs
88th
Times Higher Education Impact Rankings
95
Rhodes Scholars
Learn more about studying at Dal

Curious about Dal? Join our future student emails for program info, admissions tips, events, scholarships, and deadlines.

Sign up for our future students email list
Just right for you

Dalhousie University offers more than a degree—we offer the right programs, in the right place, with the right potential for global thinkers, doers, and achievers.

Immerse yourself in a learning experience guided by professors whose research drives real change, and join a community committed to making an impact.

Why Dal
Our story
Explore our campus
Ready to get started? Take the next step
International students

As a Dalhousie student, you're in for a journey filled with endless opportunities at one of Canada's top universities. Experience the exceptional personal attention that comes with the Dalhousie community.


Information for international students
Living in Nova Scotia
International centre
Research & Innovation

Dalhousie University is a vibrant hub that is making significant contributions at regional, national, and global levels. Recognized for the outstanding quality of our research and innovation and a drive for discovery that results in more than $210 million in research funding each year.

Research & Innovation at Dal
Strategic research clusters
DAL Solutions
Dal News
2025: The year as told through some of Dal's biggest stories

Dalhousie’s 2025 Year in Review brings together 45 stories of innovation, achievement, and community, offering a vivid snapshot of the moments and milestones that helped shape a transformative year.

Foraging frenemies: Researchers find evidence of killer whales and dolphins working together to forage for food
All spruce'd up: How Dal "elves" helped Woody the Talking Christmas Tree make his winter wake‑up call
"We're not just learning words, we're building bridges": Dalhousie offers new Certificate in Spanish Language and Culture
Dalhousie’s first physician assistant cohort steps into Nova Scotia’s health‑care system
Go to all news
What's Happening

Stay informed with DALSafe

Get weather alerts, safety information and more when you download the app

Nominations close January 16

Nominate an exceptional Dalhousie alum for the 2026 Aurum Awards

Virtual tour options

Take virtual tours of our campuses, residences and faculties and explore around Dal
Go to all events
Dalhousie's campaign for transformational change

At Dalhousie University, we believe we have a greater purpose, to be a force for positive change in the world. But we can’t do it alone. That's why we're bringing worlds together. 

This campaign will enable Dalhousie to inspire future-ready leaders, engage in high-impact research, and lift our communities. Join us in making a difference.

Explore the campaign
Give today

Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada B3H 4R2

1-902-494-2211

Maps and Direction

Campus Tours

Agricultural Campus (Truro NS)

Campus Directory
Contact us
Libraries
Careers at Dalhousie
Media Centre
Give to Dal

Dalhousie University operates in the unceded territories of the Mi’kmaw, Wolastoqey, and Peskotomuhkati Peoples. These sovereign nations hold inherent rights as the original peoples of these lands, and we each carry collective obligations under the Peace and Friendship Treaties. Section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982 recognizes and affirms Aboriginal and Treaty rights in Canada.

View the full land acknowledgement statement

We recognize that African Nova Scotians are a distinct people whose histories, legacies and contributions have enriched that part of Mi'kma'ki known as Nova Scotia for over 400 years.

View our African Nova Scotian acknowledgement

© Dalhousie University

Accessibility
Website feedback
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use