www.dan.me.uk IPv4 Address: - IPv6 Address: - Service Provider: - SSL Information: - HTTP Protocol: - Database: - Web: - Welcome to the site! About Dan Everything you ever wanted to know about who Dan is. Blog (Tech Hints & Tips) This mostly contains hints and tips, or how-to guides for the FreeBSD operating system. BGP Lookup Tool A tool to display the current IP prefixes announced by a given autonomous system. This is done in real-time, so should always be accurate. DNS Blacklists (DNSBL) DNS blacklists can be used to quickly identify an IP Address as being involved in an activity. e.g. My most popular DNSBL is to identify IPs that are TOR nodes. Filter List Generator This tool uses registry info (from RIPE/RADB/etc) to generate a filter list of IP blocks. It is used to generate ingress BGP filters, or just for curious views of autonomous systems! IP Information Tool This tool provides extensive information about an IP address, including location information, routing information, and if it is a TOR node. IP Subnet Calculator Calculates all subnets for a given IP address from a /32 down to a /1. It gives the full network, broadcast, subnet mask, and IP count for each subnet. (IPv4 only currently) Password Tool This will hash a password (either supplied, or randomly generated). Tor Node List A full tor node list (not more than one hour old) in script-readable format.
			Contains links to both full and exit-only node lists. Website Info Tool A tool to check information about a website's server and software. Amateur Radio (2E0NNX) Some information about my Amateur Radio hobby. Domains for Sale I have some domain names surplus to requirement and I'm willing to sell them. Donations Some of you asked how you could donate to me, so here is how (if you wish) Picture Gallery Random pictures from Dan's life, could be of anything really. Webmail Access If you have email hosted with me, this is where you can login to webmail if configured. Copyright © 2025 Daniel Austin MBCS. Proudly hosted using the FreeBSD operating system. E-mail me PGP Key E-mail me ▼   MENU   ▼ Home / Index About Dan Blog (Tech Hints & Tips) Login ▼   Logged-in Area   ▼ Logout Account Management Mail Control Panel ▼   Useful Tools   ▼ BGP Lookup Tool DNS Blacklists Filterlist Generator IP Information Tool IP Subnet Calculator Password Tool TOR Node List Website Info Tool ▼   Other Pages   ▼ Amateur Radio (2E0NNX) Domains for Sale Donations Picture Gallery Webmail Access LOGGED IN Login Login LOGIN ERROR #123: random error here Unknown Location