powered by:
Cookie Information
You control your data

We and our business partners use technologies, including cookies, to collect information about you for various purposes, including:


Functional
Statistical
Marketing
By clicking ‘Accept All’, you give your consent for all these purposes. You can also choose to specify the purposes you consent to by ticking the checkbox next to the purpose and clicking ‘Save settings’.

You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the small icon at the bottom left corner of the website.

You can read more about how we use cookies and other technologies and how we collect and process personal data by clicking the link.
Read more about cookies

DECLINE ALL
ACCEPT ALL
Show details
Strictly necessary
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
Skip to main content
ENGINEERING
TOMORROW
Global English
MyApps
Log in
Products
Markets we serve
Service and support
About Danfoss
Careers
Contact us
We engineer a better future

We engineer solutions that increase machine productivity, reduce emissions, lower energy consumption, and enable electrification.

We are a family-owned company dedicated to creating long-term value for all our stakeholders.

Get to know us
How to efficiently scale data centers

It’s time for a paradigm shift.
 
Industry experts come together to share how to enable rapid, energy-efficient data center growth in this new episode of Decarbonization Explained.

Watch now
How we innovate leading technologies

At our Application Development Centers (ADCs), we innovate with customers to optimize solutions. Learn more about our ADCs. 

Explore competitive decarbonization insights

We provide a clear guide for companies to strengthen their competitive decarbonization. Discover our latest insights.

Creating value through sustainability

Sustainability is a key driver of competitiveness and an integrated part of our green growth strategy. Read about our sustainability initiatives.

Explore news and articles
Danfoss earns CDP leadership recognition
Wednesday, December 17, 2025

Danfoss has been recognized by CDP for leadership in the categories of Climate Change and Water Security with an A- (A minus) rating.

Danfoss inaugurates major expansion of Monterrey, Mexico factory
Thursday, November 6, 2025

On November 5, 2025, Danfoss celebrated the opening of its expanded Monterrey, Mexico factory, a decision driven by increased demand for reliable, energy-efficient HVAC equipment in the North American and Latin American markets.

Urgent action needed on water sector’s rising energy consumption, according to new report
Monday, October 27, 2025

Danfoss is calling for greater global attention on the water sector’s energy footprint, noting that addressing inefficiency and waste in the sector can strengthen climate and water security. 

Explore more
Our business segments
Danfoss Power Solutions

Full solutions capabilities in mobile and industrial hydraulics, fluid conveyance, electrification, and software.

Danfoss Climate Solutions

Energy- efficient heating and cooling solutions for industrial applications, buildings, infrastructure, and the entire food and cold chain.

Danfoss Power Electronics and Drives

Clean-energy solutions including AC drives, power semiconductor modules, and electrification in automotive and various industries.

Explore our businesses
Explore competitive decarbonization in action
How we decarbonize our operations: Danfoss Campus, Chennai, India
How we decarbonize with our customers: Gulpener Brewery, Netherlands
Explore all cases

 

Quick access
Product store
Downloads
Documentation
Fix and troubleshooting
Learning
Follow our global channels
Sign-up for latest news
Markets we serve
Automotive
Buildings - commercial
Buildings – residential
District energy
Energy and natural resources
Food and beverage
Industry
Marine and offshore
Mobile hydraulics
Refrigeration and air conditioning
Water and wastewater
Service and support
Documentation
Downloads
Case stories
Fix and troubleshooting
Learning
Contact us
Our businesses
Climate Solutions
Drives
Editron
Emission monitoring
High Pressure Pumps
Sensing Solutions
Power Solutions
Semikron Danfoss
Product Store
Conformity and compliance
About Danfoss
Company
News and events
Insights for tomorrow
Financial information
Privacy policy
Terms of use
General Information
Cookies