Darktrace | The Essential AI Cybersecurity Platform Platform Platform Products Cross Platform Products AI Investigations / NETWORK Proactive protection / EMAIL Cloud-native AI security / CLOUD Complete cloud coverage / OT Comprehensive OT security / IDENTITY 360º user protection / ENDPOINT Coverage for every device / Proactive Exposure Management / Attack Surface Management / Forensic Acquisition & Investigation / Incident Readiness & Recovery / Cyber AI Analyst Accelerate triage by 10x More Services Defend with confidence Integrations Connect with anything Darktrace ActiveAI Security Platform™ Spot novel threats across your whole organization. Solutions Use Cases Discover how Darktrace defends the full range of attack vectors Ransomware APTs Phishing Data Loss Account Takeover Insider Threats Supply Chain Attacks Business Email Compromise Customer stories See how we solve problems for our 10,000+ customers Inside the SOC Technical deep dives of cyber incidents and the latest threat trends Why Darktrace The Darktrace Difference Company Inside Darktrace Our AI Our Customers Industry Recognition About Us Events News Leadership Careers Contact Us Federal Trust Center Darktrace named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for NDR Demo Days: See It. Understand It. Stop It. Register for your City today Partners Darktrace Partners Cloud Partnerships Inside Darktrace Overview Technology Partners Partner Portal Microsoft AWS Discover the value a partnership with Darktrace can bring to you and your customers, as we fundamentally transform your ability to reduce cyber disruption. Resources Blogs Further Resources Featured Resource The Darktrace Blog Latest security trends and tips Inside the SOC Real threats in real environments The Inference AI’s impact on security and society Resource Library Threat reports, CISO guides, and more Customer Stories 10,000 organizations of all sizes Cyber AI Glossary An A-Z of all things cyber Darktrace / EMAIL Security ROI Calculator. Uncover the estimated annual ROI potential and security benefits Darktrace / EMAIL can provide. Blog: 10 Novel Threats Detected Identifying Malicious Activity Prior to Public Disclosure of a Vulnerability Get a demo Platform / NETWORK Proactive protection / EMAIL Cloud-native AI security / CLOUD Complete cloud coverage / OT Comprehensive risk management / IDENTITY 360º user protection / ENDPOINT Coverage for every device / Proactive Exposure Management / Attack Surface Management / Forensic Acquisition & Investigation / Incident Readiness & Recovery / Cyber AI Analyst Accelerate triage by 10x Services Defend with confidence Integrations Connect with anything Darktrace ActiveAI Security Platform™ Spot novel threats across your whole organization. Solutions Use cases Ransomware Account Takeover APTs Insider Threats Phishing Supply Chain Attacks Data Loss Business Email Compromise Inside the SOC Technical deep dives of cyber incidents and the latest threat trends Why Darktrace The Darktrace Difference Our AI Our Customers Industry Recognition About Us Company Events News Leadership Careers Contact Us Federal Trust Center Darktrace ActiveAI Security Platform™ Spot novel threats across your whole organization. Partners Darktrace Partners Overview Technology Partners Partner Portal Further Partners Microsoft AWS Darktrace Partner Portal Stronger Together: Defend, Disrupt, Deliver Resources Blogs The Darktrace Blog Inside the SOC The Inference Further Resources Resource Library Customer Stories Cyber AI Glossary Blog: 10 Novel Threats Detected Identifying Malicious Activity Prior to Public Disclosure of a Vulnerability Get a demo Innovation Launch  | Feb 3rd, 2026 Securing AI Starts With Darktrace The leader in AI-native cybersecurity delivers new innovations in securing AI Register now Explore our framework Network Leader in Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Network Detection & Response Discover how Darktrace is redefining SOC dynamics with agentic AI and get Gartner’s view on how NDR can complement EDR, XDR, and SIEM. Email Leader in Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Email Security Platforms Darktrace / EMAIL defends beyond the inbox to give complete security over all communication channels. Learn more in Gartner’s full report. 10,000 Darktrace customers ActiveAI Security Platform Proactive cybersecurity across the enterprise Darktrace brings its AI to your data, wherever it resides. It correlates threats across your entire organization, delivering proactive cyber resilience with real-time detection and autonomous response to known and novel threats. / NETWORK / EMAIL / CLOUD / OT / IDENTITY / ENDPOINT The most advanced NDR solution A complete solution for prevention, detection, and response to known and unknown threats Explore network security Get a demo Leading AI-powered cloud email security Revolutionize your email security with Self-Learning AI, stopping known and unknown threats in your inbox and beyond Explore email security Get a demo Secure your cloud in real time Achieve cyber resilience with adaptive, intelligent AI built ​to secure​ your hybrid or multi-cloud environment Explore cloud security Get a demo Protect your converged IT/OT environments Combine pioneering AI-powered detection and response with OT Risk Management that goes beyond CVE mapping Explore OT security Get a demo Outsmart identity threats across all your apps Unify your identity security with proactive risk management, real-time threat detection and autonomous response Explore identity security Get a demo Secure every device, everywhere, all the time Darktrace works alongside your EDR to contain known and previously unseen network threats on your endpoints, taking targeted autonomous action to secure your entire organization Explore endpoint security Get a demo Defend intelligently with AI that learns from – and adapts to – your unique environment Defend at speed isolating and stopping attacks faster, without disrupting the business Defend across boundaries increasing visibility beyond business silos and tracking threats across domains Defend with ease automating and prioritizing the security tasks that matter most Defense in numbers Transform your security operations Discover our products Get a demo 10,000 Customers 110 Countries 2,400 Employees 200 Patent Applications Cyber AI Built on our unique AI approach Rather than teaching an AI system what an ‘attack’ looks like, training it on large data lakes of thousands of organizations’ data, Darktrace AI learns from your unique business data to understand what is normal to identify high risk, anomalous activity for each asset across domains. This enables it to detect subtle deviations that signal a threat, including novel and AI-driven cyber-attacks. Learn more about our AI Security for organizations of all sizes Anywhere, everywhere & everyone From extra small businesses to large enterprises. Any mission, any industry. Darktrace protects all people and digital assets across your entire ecosystem. More customer stories Customer stories How Darktrace protects the City of Las Vegas From our blog Discover more blogs How to Secure AI in the Enterprise: A Practical Framework for Models, Data, and Agents The Year Ahead: AI Cybersecurity Trends to Watch in 2026 Why Organizations are Moving to Label-free, Behavioral DLP for Outbound Email Your data. Our AI. Elevate your cybersecurity with Darktrace AI Get a demo Gartner, Voice of the Customer for Network Detection and Response, By Peer Community Contributor, 30 October 2025 Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Network Detection and Response, By Thomas Lintemuth, Esraa ElTahawy, John Collins, Charanpal Bhogal, Nahim Fazal, 29 May 2025 ‍ Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences with the vendors listed on the platform, should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The GARTNER PEER INSIGHTS CUSTOMERS’ CHOICE badge is a trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. ‍ This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from Darktrace. GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Magic Quadrant and Peer Insights are registered trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Products Products Overview Platform / NETWORK / EMAIL / CLOUD / OT / IDENTITY / ENDPOINT Platform Add-ons / Proactive Exposure Management / Attack Surface Management / Forensic Acquisition & Investigation / Incident Readiness & Recovery Services Overview Company About us Contact News Leadership Investors Careers SDR Academy Academy Federal Trust Center Legal Thoma Bravo Acquisition Our AI Cyber AI AI Research Centre Resources All Resources Blog Customers Customer Portal Events The Inference Inside the SOC Glossary Partners Partner Overview Technology Partners Integrations Partner Portal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Modern Slavery Act Statement Public Tax Strategy Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Copyright 2025 Darktrace Holdings Limited. All rights reserved.