DarkSky International | Protecting the night skies for present and future generations Skip to content DarkSky International Who we are Who we are What we do What we do Get involved Get involved More More resources Menu Menu Search Search Donate / renew Donate / renew Who we are Who we are Section collapsed Close menu Chapters 70+ chapters around the world are the local organizing centers for the dark sky movement. Partners We accomplish our goals through partnerships with universities, nonprofits, community groups, businesses, and more. Advocates 2,000+ volunteer Advocates around the world protect the night sky using education, advocacy, retrofits, community science, and more. Delegates Your local points of contact in 30+ countries. More Staff Board of Directors DarkSky Award winners more... What we do What we do Section collapsed Close menu International Dark Sky Places We certify and help conserve starry sky parks, communities, and other places around the world. Find a Place DarkSky Approved lighting We certify lighting products, designs, and installations that reduce light pollution. Search products Advancing responsible outdoor lighting We work with communities and professionals to establish codes and statutes that reduce light pollution. View codes and statutes Light pollution education We inform the public how excessive artificial light can harm humans, wildlife, and our climate. More Our positions Research Awards Photo contest Events more... Get involved Get involved Section collapsed Close menu Find your local chapter Regional groups all over the world can help you plug in. Become an Advocate Making positive change in the fight against light pollution. Create codes and statutes Establishing lawful requirements for outdoor lighting. Become a DarkSky member Your support funds our advocacy, education, and certification efforts. More Join our email list Assess your home lighting European Light Pollution Manifesto Events more ways to get involved... Join our email list to get the latest news from DarkSky International, including our monthly newsletter. Emails go out twice per month and follow a strict privacy policy. Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) Stay up to date Join our email list to get international dark sky news, action alerts, and more. Emails go out about 2x per month. We follow a strict privacy policy . Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email (Required) More Resources News About Close menu What is light pollution? What is light pollution? Section collapsed Light pollution is the human-made alteration of outdoor light levels from those ocurring naturally. It has harmful effects on: Wildlife and ecosystems Human health Energy and climate change Crime and safety Night sky heritage Causes of light pollution Streetlights, greenhouses, and satellites are mong the many sources. Five Principles for Responsible Outdoor Lighting By applying these principles, properly designed lighting can be beautiful, healthy, and functional. Guides and How-tos What you need to know to: choose better outdoor lighting, pass a lighting ordinance locally, and much more. Lighting codes and statutes When citizens band together to enact local legislation, light pollution advocacy can make great strides. More FAQ Glossary Materials for public outreach Materials for educators Research more resources... News News Section collapsed DarkSky Approved, the true standard in dark sky preservation. News September 11, 2024 DarkSky and the National Audubon Society promote Lights Out for the birds About May 8, 2025 DarkSky endorses the Dark and Quiet Skies Act About September 4, 2024 News categories Latest Light pollution Dark Sky Places Monthly Star Press releases more news... About DarkSky International About DarkSky International Section collapsed Mission DarkSky works to restore the nighttime environment and protect communities and wildlife from light pollution. Our strategy A bold new plan to slow the growth of light pollution and begin to reverse it. Success stories The dark sky movement is bursting with many successes, starting with 1958’s first-ever dark sky legislation. History We’ve come a long way in 30+ years, growing from a small Arizona-based nonprofit into the world’s leading authority on light pollution. More Code of conduct Financials Careers Contact us Legal more about DarkSky... Follow Find us on Instagram Find us on Facebook Find us on Twitter Find us on Youtube Find us on Linkedin Donate / renew  your membership Donate / renew  your membership Section collapsed Close menu Monthly membership Become a Nighthawk — A monthly membership is the most sustainable way to support DarkSky. Annual membership Your contribution will renew your membership today and automatically renew next year. One-time donation Make a special, non-recurring gift to support our strategic initiatives. Shop DarkSky Show your love for starry skies! Our shop features exclusive T-shirts, hats, hoodies, mugs, and more. More Membership benefits Gift memberships Tribute gifts Planned giving Corporate matching more ways to give... Search Search Section collapsed Close menu Full site search Find news, events, volunteer opportunities, and more. Full site search Search Search Certified lighting Find responsible lighting for your outdoor project. Search certified lighting Search Certified Lighting Search Dark Sky Places Find a stunning night sky experience near you. Search Dark Sky Places Search Search Celebrating 250 International Dark Sky Places Conserving dark skies above 196,000 sq. km of protected parks, reserves, and communities worldwide. Explore DarkSky’s journey to reaching this stellar milestone and discover how you can support dark sky conservation efforts in communities around the world. DarkSky’s journey to 250 What is light pollution? Light pollution is the human-made alteration of outdoor light levels from those occurring naturally. What are the effects? Light pollution disrupts wildlife , impacts human well-being , wastes money and energy , contributes to climate change , and blocks our view of the universe . Learn about light pollution What can be done about light pollution? Following responsible lighting practices , passing dark sky friendly legislation, and advancing scientific research in this field are just some of the ways light pollution can be solved. You can get involved too! Get involved What we do Conserving Dark Sky Places around the world Our International Dark Sky Places program works with communities, parks, municipalities, and the public to certify and protect dark places for humans and wildlife alike. Visit a Dark Sky Place Mont Mégantic, Canada. Credit: Rémi Boucher What we do Certifying dark sky friendly outdoor lighting Our DarkSky Approved program works with communities, manufacturers, retailers, designers, and others to evaluate and certify dark sky friendly outdoor lighting equipment , as well as dark sky friendly outdoor lighting projects . Find approved lighting products Streetlights being retrofitted with LEDs in Portland, OR, U.S. WHat We Do Public policy We work with communities and governments to prioritize night sky protection and quality outdoor lighting. Learn more WHat We Do Education and outreach We network globally to share information and expertise, and support local efforts though our volunteer Advocates. Learn more WHat We Do And more… We collaborate widely, present a global conference for the dark sky movement, and award stellar exemplars. Learn more Get Involved Chapters near you Our 60+ international chapters are at the forefront of the dark sky movement. Want to get involved? Find your local chapter: All chapters Some of our partners Our efforts are multiplied by many valuable partnerships around the world. View all partners DarkSky is a recognized worldwide authority combatting light pollution. Follow Us Find us on Instagram Find us on Facebook Find us on Twitter Find us on Youtube Find us on Linkedin Who we are Who we are Advocates Delegates Chapters Staff Board Committees Partners What we do What we do International Dark Sky Places DarkSky Approved lighting Advancing responsible outdoor lighting Education and outreach Events Get involved Get involved Get email alerts Volunteer Find a local chapter Become an Advocate DarkSky’s Home Outdoor Lighting Assessment Measure light pollution Resources Resources What is light pollution? Causes of light pollution Five principles for responsible outdoor lighting Lighting ordinances Research FAQ Glossary Materials for outreach Materials for educators News News DarkSky Approved Dark Sky Places Dark Sky Week Light pollution Monthly Star Inspiration Press releases Media info About About Mission Strategy Success stories History Financials Code of conduct Careers Contact us Membership Membership Renew Membership benefits Membership FAQ Email preferences Ways to give Ways to give Donate DarkSky shop Gift memberships and tributes Planned giving Stock donations Corporate matching © 2025 DarkSky International Colophon Photo permissions Privacy / cookies policy Terms of use © 2025 DarkSky International