Platform
Solutions
Why Darktrace
Partners
Resources
Get a demo
Innovation Launch  |
Feb 3rd, 2026

SECURING AI STARTS
WITH DARKTRACE

The leader in AI-native cybersecurity delivers
new innovations in securing AI

Register now
Explore our framework
Network
Leader in Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Network Detection & Response
Email
Leader in Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Email Security Platforms
10,000
Darktrace customers

ActiveAI Security Platform
Proactive cybersecurity
across the enterprise
Darktrace brings its AI to your data, wherever it resides. It correlates threats across your entire organization, delivering proactive cyber resilience with real-time detection and autonomous response to known and novel threats.
/ NETWORK
/ EMAIL
/ CLOUD
/ OT
/ IDENTITY
/ ENDPOINT
Secure your cloud in real time

Achieve cyber resilience with adaptive, intelligent AI built ​to secure​ your hybrid or multi-cloud environment

Explore cloud security
Get a demo
Defend intelligently

with AI that learns from – and adapts to – your unique environment

Defend at speed

isolating and stopping attacks faster, without disrupting the business

Defend across boundaries

increasing visibility beyond business silos and tracking threats across domains

Defend with ease

automating and prioritizing the security tasks that matter most

Defense in numbers
Transform your
security operations
Discover our products
Get a demo
10,000
Customers
110
Countries
2,400
Employees
200
Patent Applications
Cyber AI
Built on our unique AI approach

Rather than teaching an AI system what an ‘attack’ looks like, training it on large data lakes of thousands of organizations’ data, Darktrace AI learns from your unique business data to understand what is normal to identify high risk, anomalous activity for each asset across domains. This enables it to detect subtle deviations that signal a threat, including novel and AI-driven cyber-attacks.

Learn more about our AI
Security for organizations of all sizes
Anywhere, everywhere & everyone

From extra small businesses to large enterprises. Any mission, any industry. Darktrace protects all people and digital assets across your entire ecosystem.

More customer stories
Customer stories
How Darktrace protects the City of Las Vegas
From our blog
Discover more blogs
How to Secure AI in the Enterprise: A Practical Framework for Models, Data, and Agents
The Year Ahead: AI Cybersecurity Trends to Watch in 2026
Why Organizations are Moving to Label-free, Behavioral DLP for Outbound Email
Your data. Our AI.
Elevate your cybersecurity with Darktrace AI
Get a demo

Gartner, Voice of the Customer for Network Detection and Response, By Peer Community Contributor, 30 October 2025 Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Network Detection and Response, By Thomas Lintemuth, Esraa ElTahawy, John Collins, Charanpal Bhogal, Nahim Fazal, 29 May 2025
‍
Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences with the vendors listed on the platform, should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The GARTNER PEER INSIGHTS CUSTOMERS’ CHOICE badge is a trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved.
‍
This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from Darktrace. GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Magic Quadrant and Peer Insights are registered trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved.

Products
Products Overview
Platform
/ NETWORK
/ EMAIL
/ CLOUD
/ OT
/ IDENTITY
/ ENDPOINT
Platform Add-ons
/ Proactive Exposure Management
/ Attack Surface Management
/ Forensic Acquisition & Investigation
/ Incident Readiness & Recovery
Services
Overview
Company
About us
Contact
News
Leadership
Investors
Careers
SDR Academy
Academy
Federal
Trust Center
Legal
Thoma Bravo Acquisition
Our AI
Cyber AI
AI Research Centre
Resources
All Resources
Blog
Customers
Customer Portal
Events
The Inference
Inside the SOC
Glossary
Partners
Partner Overview
Technology Partners
Integrations
Partner Portal
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Public Tax Strategy
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Copyright 2025 Darktrace Holdings Limited. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies