Dash Social | Social Media Management Platform Prove what’s working and where to invest. See your Total Social Impact Platform Explore by Channel Popular Features Content Performance Predictions Predict image and video content performance with Vision AI. Creator Management Everything you need for a sophisticated influencer program. Listening Uncover relevant trends as they happen to adapt your strategy. Social Analytics and Monitoring Actionable insights across your key social media channels. LikeShop Take your audience from your link in bio to products and content on-site. Competitive Insights Benchmark your owned performance alongside your industry and competitors. Campaigns Measure the impact of your cross-channel campaigns. Scheduler Plan, schedule and publish content all in one place. Community Engage with your audience and get sentiment insights—all within one social inbox. See All Features Solutions AI and Automation AI-powered tools to handle repetitive tasks and decision-making, giving you more time for creative work. Social Engagement and Scheduling Best-in-class tools that are time-saving, data-backed, and so easy to use. Social Commerce Convert your followers into customers with on-site UGC Galleries, shoppable link solutions, and more. Reporting, Insights, and Trends Leverage insights that are powerful and intuitive to craft a strategy that truly resonates. Creator and Influencer Marketing Understand the marketing impact and earned media value (EMV) of your creator and influencer partnerships. AI-Powered Social Listening Understand the social media landscape with visual-first insights. Customers Dash Social Customers Join the ranks of leading brands and publishers who rely on Dash Social to transform every social interaction into something meaningful. Explore Popular Industries Fashion and Luxury Beauty Media and Publishing CPG, Food and Beverage Home Retail See All Industries Pricing Resources Learn Blog Catch up on the latest in digital and social marketing. Guides All of the best social media guides, all in one place. Digital Marketing Glossary Browse our digital marketing terminology glossary to learn about the most popular social media terms. Emoji Glossary Discover the true meaning behind the most popular emojis trending on social media. Connect Case Studies Learn how Dash Social helps brands, directly from the source. Digital Marketing Dictionary Stay up-to-date with today’s latest social media and digital marketing terminology. Social Media Manager Spotlight Interviews with the world's best social media managers. Webinars Tune into Dash Social’s latest webinars to set your brand up for success across channels. Excel Social Media Benchmarks Understand how your brand's performance stacks up to your industry. Social Media Trends Report The latest social trends and insights to drive your strategy forward. Templates A selection of downloadable templates for social media manager’s to take and use as a part of their daily routine. View All Resources Log In Get a Demo Log In Get a Demo Social media management software that gets smarter with every post . every creator . every ad . Make every move on social count with brand-specific AI guiding everything from organic to influencer marketing. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. THE BEST BRANDS ON SOCIAL. POWERED BY DASH. Social media and influencer marketing, managed . Get a Demo Manage Smarter workflows for planning, publishing, and community management so you can scale social with ease. Measure Real-time insights at every level of social so you can act with confidence and prove results. Predict Know what performs before you post or partner with brand-specific AI that guides your next move. Influence AI-powered creator discovery, management, and measurement integrated with your social strategy so you always see the full picture. Convert Turn social into sales with UGC galleries and link in bio that move audiences from post to purchase. Dash Social has really transformed our social media management. Jennifer Howlett Social Media Executive at Merlin Entertainment Step into smarter social. Always Know Your Best Move Gain clarity, control, and confidence across your brand’s social footprint with your brand intelligence built in. Performance You Can Prove Stop defending results and start driving them with connected performance across owned, creator, and paid in one clear view. Work Smarter, Scale Faster All your workflows in one place, so your team works faster and your content works harder. CB2 curated a content mix that connects, predicted with audience insight from Vision AI. +40% increase in effectiveness rate Real time insights powered Urban Outfitters’ TikTok strategy and turned engagement into demand. 5x increase in TikTok views Streamlined workflows and reporting means more time for what counts, delivering 5x higher Instagram engagement for Stella McCartney. 1 week saved monthly on reporting Always Know Your Best Move Gain clarity, control, and confidence across your brand’s social footprint with your brand intelligence built in. +40% increase in effectiveness rate Performance You Can Prove Stop defending results and start driving them with connected performance across owned, creator, and paid in one clear view. 5x increase in TikTok views Work Smarter, Scale Faster All your workflows in one place, so your team works faster and your content works harder. 1 week saved monthly on reporting Ready to set the standard on social? Get Pricing You’ll be in good company. Like, really good . “Social listening was one of the core reasons why we switched to Dash Social, but it became our one-stop social media shop. When I ask our social media manager how we're doing, she literally says 'please hold, I need to ask Dash.' We consider them to be an extension of our team.” Amanda Evans ‍ Head of B2B Brand Marketing and Promotions at Wayfair Professional Read the Case Study “Dash Social has played a vital role in driving eos’ social growth, and we credit this success to the platform’s outstanding resourcefulness and insightful analytics. Dash Social delivers comprehensive insights through a user-friendly interface, making it recommendable for all marketers!” Tihany Luna ‍ Brand Manager at eos Read the Case Study “Why Dash Social? I think it's way more robust. We’ve been using it for a long time, and people who have used other platforms say that Dash Social’s layout is way easier to use. It’s straightforward, easy to navigate, and really intuitive.” Alayna Giovannitti ‍ Associate Director of Social Media at Urban Outfitters Read the Case Study “Dash Social is a dream for an analytics or data lover. If you invest in the platform, it gives back to you. Boards become a critical part of our strategy throughout the year to determine how we build our strategies for the following year.” Rachel Maggin ‍ Director, Entertainment Social Marketing at Bravo and E! Read the Case Study “Dash Social has been the most helpful tool throughout my career, and I can’t recommend it more. It’s become a comprehensive platform in managing so many facets of social. I especially love the creators section. We do a lot of work with influencers, and we do all of our management and reporting there.” Madison Stahly ‍ Social Media and Influencer Manager at Tiff’s Treats Read the Case Study “Creator driven content continues to perform well for us and we see the impact of the platform throughout the customer journey.” Ashley Murphy ‍ Senior Director, Consumer Marketing at Rare Beauty Read the Case Study Smarter social starts here. Get a Demo Get a Demo → Platform All Features Social Analytics and Monitoring Content Performance Predictions Dashboards Campaigns Creator Management LikeShop Scheduler Listening Competitive Insights Community View More TikTok Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Threads Library Shoppable Galleries Boards Mobile UGC Platform Tools Instagram Insights TikTok Trending Sounds View Less Solutions AI and Automation Reporting, Insights, and Trends Social Engagement and Scheduling Creator and Influencer Marketing Social Commerce Social Listening Industries Beauty CPG, Food and Beverage Fashion and Luxury Home Media and Publishing Retail View More Agency Automotive B2B Consumer Electronics and Technology Financial Services Health and Wellness Real Estate Sports Travel, Tourism and Hospitality View Less Resources Case Studies Guides Benchmarks Blog Social Media Trends Webinars Templates Emoji Meanings Social Media Glossary Social Media Manager Spotlight Dash Social API Integrations Compare Dash Social vs. Sprout Social Dash Social vs. Sprinklr Dash Social vs. Bazaarvoice Dash Social vs. Later Dash Social vs. Emplifi Dash Social vs. Hootsuite Dash Social vs. Brandwatch Dash Social vs. GRIN LikeShop vs. Linktree Company About Careers We're Hiring! Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Life at Dash Social Newsroom Trust Center Contact Platform All Features Social Analytics and Monitoring Content Performance Predictions Dashboards Campaigns Creator Management LikeShop Scheduler Listening Competitive Insights Community TikTok Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Library Shoppable Galleries Boards Mobile Instagram Insights UGC Platform Tools TikTok Trending Sounds Solutions AI and Automation Reporting, Insights, and Trends Social Engagement and Scheduling Creator and Influencer Marketing Social Commerce Social Listening Industries Beauty CPG, Food and Beverage Fashion and Luxury Home Media and Publishing Retail Agency Automotive Consumer Electronics and Technology Financial Services Health and Wellness Real Estate Travel, Tourism and Hospitality Resources Case Studies E-Books Benchmarks Blog Social Media Trends Webinars Templates Digital Marketing Glossary Dash Social API Integrations Compare Dash Social vs. Sprout Social Dash Social vs. Sprinklr Dash Social vs. Bazaarvoice Dash Social vs. Later Dash Social vs. Emplifi Dash Social vs. Hootsuite Dash Social vs. Brandwatch Dash Social vs. GRIN LikeShop vs. Linktree Company About Careers We're Hiring! Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Life at Dash Social Newsroom Trust Center Contact © 2026 DASH SOCIAL Terms of Service Privacy Policy Security Sitemap 1-844-200-DASH By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Cookie Settings Accept All Cookies Cookie Preferences Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all cookies Allow all cookies Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close