End-of-year sale: Save 50% on Dashlane personal plans until December 31st
Open language switcher menu
English
Log in
Install
Help Center
Why Dashlane
Platform
Password Management
Resources
Pricing
Request a demo
Contact Sales
Secure passwords.
Stop breaches.

Proactively protect your enterprise against credential threats with the top-rated password manager.

Contact Sales
Request a demo

TRUSTED BY TOP ENTERPRISES

THE REVIEWS ARE IN

Dashlane is the top-rated solution for enterprise password security
THE DASHLANE DIFFERENCE
Proven security outcomes
See customer stories
Password Health score increased from 76% to 94%

Thirdfort saw first-hand the difference Dashlane Omnix makes, measurably increasing their organization’s security posture.

Password habits strengthened

"We've seen measurable improvements in strong password adoption, 2FA usage, and reduction in credential reuse,” says Adrian Vasile Ciorba, IT Engineer at Owkin.

Speed of access increased by 60%

Mercy Medical streamlined access to the accounts employees use every day, saving time for more important tasks.

DASHLANE OMNIX™ PLATFORM

Browser-based defense for every single login
Learn more
EVERY EMPLOYEE

Monitor vault and non-vault users for end-to-end insights and protection.

EVERY CREDENTIAL

Track the entire credential threat lifecycle from initial detection to user response.

ALL IN ONE PLACE

Visualize trends and export data right from your dashboard.

Shield workforce access. Streamline security controls.
ADMIN CONTROLS
EMPLOYEE VAULT
SECURE SHARING
PHISHING PROTECTION
SSO & SCIM INTEGRATIONS
Admin controls

Set permissions, enforce policies, and monitor security hygiene, all in one place.

Employee vault

Equip every employee with an encrypted vault for storing passwords, passkeys, and other important data.

Secure sharing

Employees can easily and securely share logins, Secure Notes, and other business info—no IT tickets required.

Phishing protection

Dashlane won’t autofill on suspicious websites, and the extension warns employees if they try to paste on a website not associated with that login.

SSO & SCIM integrations

Connect Dashlane to your IdP to simplify provisioning, deprovisioning, and employee access to Dashlane.

ONLY WITH DASHLANE
Company-wide credential protection
Learn more
Proactively detect risk

Gain visibility across all employees to prioritize mitigation and keep risks from turning into threats.

Automate risk response

Smart alerts encourage employees to immediately secure weak or compromised credentials and close security gaps.

Outsmart phishing attacks

Keep employees safe as they browse with phishing-resistant autofill and in-context employee alerts.

Trusted by security leaders

“With Dashlane, we’ve been able to take a more intelligent, proactive approach to reducing potential credential risk before it becomes a bigger issue.”

Aidan Turner

Manager of Identity & Access Management, Downer Group

“Security has evolved into a shared organizational responsibility rather than solely an IT concern—and Dashlane Omnix has been instrumental in driving this cultural transformation."

Adrian Vasile Ciorba

IT Engineer, Owkin

“Use Dashlane. Your cyber experience and the security of your digital footprint will benefit tremendously.”

Joe McLain

CIO, Buena Vista University

“We wouldn’t be where we are right now without Dashlane. I don't think we would have been able to pass some certifications—it has improved our security posture a lot.”

Joaquín Rodríguez Santana

TechOps Engineer, Thirdfort

“The way Dashlane is laid out just makes sense. Our employees agree; the simple UI and UX make their jobs easier.”

Jacob Boudreau

IT Specialist, OOLY

DOWNLOAD THE DASHLANE REPORT

Password security is still a top enterprise risk

Dashlane recently surveyed 500 IT leaders and 1,000 employees to understand how credential management impacts IT teams and organizations.

Read now
See more resources
0%

of employees use apps not managed by their company on work devices

0%

of IT leaders say AI poses an increased threat to password security

0%

of employees agree that AI poses an increased threat to password security

Committed to compliance

We stay ahead of industry standards with proactive compliance and the latest certifications.

Visit Trust Center
Experience the Dashlane difference
Contact Sales
Request a demo
PRODUCTS
NEW
Omnix™ platform
Business Password Management
Credential Protection
Personal password manager
Family password manager
Plans & pricing
FEATURES
Zero-knowledge architecture
AI phishing alerts
Credential Risk Detection
Nudges
Passkeys
Passwordless login
Dark Web Insights
SSO integrations
WHY DASHLANE
The Dashlane difference
Compare Dashlane
Industry recognition
PARTNERS
Program overview
Become a partner
Partner portal
Submit a deal
AWS Marketplace
INDUSTRIES
Automotive
Education
Financial services
Healthcare
Technology
RESOURCES
Demo Center
Trust Center
Case studies
White papers
Reports
Blog
E-books
Guides
SUPPORT
Customer Support
Admin resources
Bug bounty program
Developer tools
System status
COMPANY
About us
Executive leadership
Careers
Contact Sales
DOWNLOAD DASHLANE
Browser extension
STAY IN TOUCH
LinkedIn
Reddit
X
Youtube
Instagram
Facebook

© 2025 Dashlane Inc. All rights reserved. Dashlane and the Dashlane logo are trademarks of Dashlane SAS, registered in the U.S. and other countries.

TermsPrivacyLegalCookie PreferencesDo not sell or share my personal informationAccessibility Statement