Skip to content
Platform
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Careers
Company
Request demo
Digital analytics and engagement platform for
all digital teams
product managers
marketers
CX teams
tech teams

Understand user behavior and take action in real-time, powered by AI.

Request demo

70+ brands trust Dataroid to deliver real impact for over 120 million digital users

34.2%

decrease in account closures

16.7%

increase in reactivating at-risk users

33%
conversion rate for new account openings
72%

higher ticket purchase on campaign days

Unified data without effort
Seamlessly collect and unify data from all digital touchpoints, enabling a more connected and insightful experience across platforms. 
Read more
Visualize journeys with AI-powered insights
Leverage real-time, AI-driven journey analytics to gain deeper insights and optimize every step of customer experience. 
Read more
Empower your end-users with timely responses 

Deliver smart, personalized communications through data-driven push notifications and in-app messages powered by AI. With real-time triggered communication and geo-targeted interactions, ensure timely, relevant engagement based on user behavior and location.

Read more
Take your digital experience further
Enable smarter strategies and better outcomes with real-time unified data, and Al-powered insights to create engaging, impactful, and customer-centric experiences on digital. 
Read more
Success stories
Read more

İşbank, Turkey's first national bank, has pioneered technology adoption. Addressing shifting customer experiences and competition, İşbank invested in the big data analytics and engagement platform Dataroid.

14M+

digital users

33%

conversion rate of users visiting gold savings account page with targeted in-app messages

38%

conversion rate of cardholders exceeding credit limit with instant increase offer

Garanti BBVA, Turkey's second largest private bank, gains a deeper understanding of customer behavior and improves digital user experience using Dataroid.

16M+

digital users

70+

integrated digital channels

34.25%

drop in overdraft account closures with Dataroid's in-app messages

Akbank, one of the leading private banks in Turkey, selects Dataroid to gain real-time visibility of customer journeys, gather customer intelligence and enhance user experience across its digital channels.

16.7%

increase in user activation

16.3

conversion rate for loan repayments with special recommendations

9.2%

conversion rate for enhancing credit processes with targeted engagement.

Bonus is Garanti BBVA’s credit card product that lets customers earn bonus points as they spend, allowing them to shop for free using the bonuses they’ve earned.

88%

increase in traffic for the Bonus blog

+70%

more engagement with key content on the Bonus blog

40%

boost in deep-read rates for selected Bonus blog pages

Pegasus Airlines strengthened digital capabilities with a mobile-first approach through Dataroid, boosting customer engagement, ticket purchases by 72%, and notification opt-ins by 13.2%.

5M+

digital users

83%

increase in ticket sales on campaign days with Dataroid's real-time push notifications.

13.2%

growth in notification opt-ins through targeted in-app messaging, re-engaging disengaged users.

Nays is a multifunctional app offering earnings, micro-credit, gamified discounts, quick cash access, and 24/7 money transfers. Leveraging Dataroid's platform, Nays enhanced conversions through data insights.

16.8%

increase in the daily average of users actively utilizing the "invite to app" function

16.2

rise in the daily average of users making their first money transfer on the day of their account creation

401%

increase in users initiating the MOI (Money Onboarding Initiative) process

Empowering our clients with rewards & recognition
2024
Akbank

Best Measurement in CX (over 5K employees)

2024
İşbank

Best CSR Initiative

2021
İşbank

Innovation and Financial Innovative Technologies

2021
İşbank

Innovative Customer Interaction & Experience

2021
İşbank

Best Use of Data

Customers love Dataroid
Discover now
What our customers say
We can monitor all the data I need through a single platform

We use it to analyze the behavior of retail banking customers on our website, internet banking, and mobile app. These features support both the product development and digital marketing teams. Specifically, we can track interaction KPIs, examine user journeys, and gain insights into customer behavior. While we could gather this data from various tools, having real-time data enables us to act quickly. 

Engin Y.

Web Site Management Senior Supervisor

A great digital analytics tool with an amazing customer success team

The easy-to-use panel allows our teams to produce valuable insights and actions that align with our strategies. Also, Dataroid has many features that can meet diverse needs whether it is for engagement or analysis purposes and more exiting features are on the way. 

Esma K.

Digital Analytics Specialist

Dataroid helps us leverage our data to unleash potential of users’ behavior on our app

Dataroid user panel is a user-friendly panel therefore most of the time we can understand how we benefit from a specific feature. This leads us to use panel more and more day by day for further occasions. If we don't understand or if there further questions occur, we can consult to customer support team at any time and they reply quickly. Also, the integration process is quick and auto capture feature makes the integration process quite easier. 

Mervenur Y.

Product Manager

Resources
Read more
BLOG
Customer Churn Analytics: Improve Retention with Dataroid

Drive your digital growth

Schedule a demo today to learn more on how we can help you unleash the potential of digital using Dataroid.

Request Demo