Dataplicity: Remotely control your Raspberry Pi Why Dataplicity? Apps Docs Pricing Sign in Why Dataplicity? Apps Docs Pricing Sign in Control your Raspberry Pi from anywhere. 1 or Sign in if you've already got an account 2 Hey there, stranger! Enter your email above and a line of code will appear here! Copy the line of code into your Raspberry Pi terminal to activate
              your remote shell (Don't worry, you can always take a look around
              inside before doing this) Done Do it later View source Source code This is the script that runs on your Raspberry Pi during the installation process. Back × Remotely access your device command line. Similar to SSH, but without the complex set-up required to get it
        working behind firewall and NAT. Learn more No more 192.168.0.1! Wormhole provides a proper URL for your web control panel which follows
        your devices across cellular, satellite and fixed networks. Explore features Manage your devices from Windows or Mac. Porthole forwards TCP ports from your remote Linux devices to your
        workstation. Use SSH, SCP, VNC, or even proprietary protocols to reach
        your remote devices. Download What you need All you need is an internet-connected device, and you're ready to go! Raspberry Pi Internet Port forward­ing VPN Static IPs DynDNS Lots of time Lots of patience Works anywhere If your Raspberry Pi is connected to the internet, you
            can access it via Dataplicity. You can even connect to
            devices behind firewalls. Easy access via browser Log in to Dataplicity, select the device you want and
            access your remote shell. It's that simple! Simple and secure Dataplicity connects using client-initiated HTTPS, so
            it's safe, encrypted and you don't need to make
            specific firewall exceptions. Sign up for free, now! Dataplicity Apps Why Dataplicity? Porthole Pricing Support Service Status Documentation Dataplicity API Community News Facebook Twitter © MachineForest Ltd. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions