Datawrapper: Create charts, maps, and tables Skip to main content Datawrapper logo Features Open Features dropdown Learn Open Learn dropdown Pricing Contact Sign in Sign in Create better charts, maps, and tables with ease. Design and publish high-quality data visualizations with a single, powerful web app. Start creating You can try it, no account needed. Create better charts, maps, and tables with ease. Design and publish high-quality data visualizations with a single, powerful web app. And publish your visualizations anywhere. Embed your visualizations on any platform, in any format . From websites to presentations, printed publications, and more. Mobile Web PowerPoint Print Make sure your visualizations always look their best. Datawrapper helps you to design great visualizations. From the first step to the final publication. Professional and beautiful down to the last detail Every element of visualizations was carefully optimized for the best possible
                    display – from layout and typography, all the way to legends, axes, and
                    tooltips. Legible and accessible by default and principle Labels that don’t overlap. Annotations that get out of the way. Colors that are
                    accessible by default — Datawrapper makes it easy to create accessible
                    visualizations. Match your brand perfectly. Fully on-brand, down to the last pixel. Customize your visualization’s typography, color palette, and layout to
                        fully match your brand’s style. Spend less time tweaking details and publish faster with perfect brand
                        consistency. Try different themes: Bolt Flamingo Leaf Font Inter Size 36px Weight Bold Line height 120% Color #FFD145 Custom Theme Header Headline Description Chart Swatch Label Label Footer Source Embed Stay in control with a powerful editor. Go from data to publication in less time with a powerful collaborative editing experience. Step-based workflow Our editor guides you through the full process of creating a visualization. Fine-grained customization Powerful controls allow you to tweak your visualization, down to the smallest details. Responsive preview A live preview shows your visualization across different sizes and instantly reflects all changes you make. Empower your team to build better charts in less time. Consistently create professional visualizations, no matter the size of your team. Increase the efficiency within your team Eliminate guesswork and stay on brand. Custom themes, templates, and shared default settings ensure consistency and quality across your team’s output. Learn more (Re)publish without getting the whole team involved. Publish with one click. Update, fix mistakes, or revert changes instantly, without back and forth. Learn more Collaborate seamlessly with others Work together on the same visualization. With real-time collaboration right inside the editor, and comments for quick reviews and feedback. Learn more Access your team’s charts, maps, and tables in one place. Set up folders and workflows that reflect the way your team works. Accessible from anywhere by everyone on the team. Learn more Keep your organization in sync Split work into multiple, separate teams. Define custom settings on a team-by-team basis, or define a shared setup for your entire organization. Learn more Stay secure and compliant. Stay secure and compliant with single-sign-on, centralized account management, and self-hosting options. Learn more Have we met before? Almost certainly. Even if you’ve never heard of Datawrapper, we’re sure you’ve seen visualizations created with it. 2023 ParkScore for D.C. Axios Tesla's post-election gains disappear Deutsche Welle The latest on the active Los Angeles wildfires The Washington Post Living Conditions in Syria: Raqqa Compared to Other Regions (Dec 2013-Nov 2014) New America The Magnificent Seven Monitor Reuters Medicaid Finances Nearly One Fifth of Health Care Spending KFF Seit Jahresanfang gingen 781 Windräder ans Netz DIE ZEIT 2023 ParkScore for D.C. Axios Tesla's post-election gains disappear Deutsche Welle The latest on the active Los Angeles wildfires The Washington Post Living Conditions in Syria: Raqqa Compared to Other Regions (Dec 2013-Nov 2014) New America The Magnificent Seven Monitor Reuters Medicaid Finances Nearly One Fifth of Health Care Spending KFF Seit Jahresanfang gingen 781 Windräder ans Netz DIE ZEIT Average daily surface air temperature for Europe Copernicus Average Confidence in Major U.S. Institutions, by Party, 1979-2025 Gallup COVID-19 cases county by county Associated Press How these coaches landed on the hot seat The New York Times Effect on Average Tariff Rate, by Tariff Type Tax Policy Center Death of originality The Times Hochzeitskulisse: Orte, die bei der Hochzeit von Lauren Sánchez und Jeff Bezos eine Rolle spielen DER SPIEGEL Average daily surface air temperature for Europe Copernicus Average Confidence in Major U.S. Institutions, by Party, 1979-2025 Gallup COVID-19 cases county by county Associated Press How these coaches landed on the hot seat The New York Times Effect on Average Tariff Rate, by Tariff Type Tax Policy Center Death of originality The Times Hochzeitskulisse: Orte, die bei der Hochzeit von Lauren Sánchez und Jeff Bezos eine Rolle spielen DER SPIEGEL Average daily surface air temperature for Europe Copernicus Living Conditions in Syria: Raqqa Compared to Other Regions (Dec 2013-Nov 2014) New America How these coaches landed on the hot seat The New York Times Seit Jahresanfang gingen 781 Windräder ans Netz DIE ZEIT Average daily surface air temperature for Europe Copernicus Living Conditions in Syria: Raqqa Compared to Other Regions (Dec 2013-Nov 2014) New America How these coaches landed on the hot seat The New York Times Seit Jahresanfang gingen 781 Windräder ans Netz DIE ZEIT 2023 ParkScore for D.C. Axios Tesla's post-election gains disappear Deutsche Welle The latest on the active Los Angeles wildfires The Washington Post The Magnificent Seven Monitor Reuters Medicaid Finances Nearly One Fifth of Health Care Spending KFF 2023 ParkScore for D.C. Axios Tesla's post-election gains disappear Deutsche Welle The latest on the active Los Angeles wildfires The Washington Post The Magnificent Seven Monitor Reuters Medicaid Finances Nearly One Fifth of Health Care Spending KFF COVID-19 cases county by county Associated Press Effect on Average Tariff Rate, by Tariff Type Tax Policy Center Average Confidence in Major U.S. Institutions, by Party, 1979-2025 Gallup Death of originality The Times Hochzeitskulisse: Orte, die bei der Hochzeit von Lauren Sánchez und Jeff Bezos eine Rolle spielen DER SPIEGEL COVID-19 cases county by county Associated Press Effect on Average Tariff Rate, by Tariff Type Tax Policy Center Average Confidence in Major U.S. Institutions, by Party, 1979-2025 Gallup Death of originality The Times Hochzeitskulisse: Orte, die bei der Hochzeit von Lauren Sánchez und Jeff Bezos eine Rolle spielen DER SPIEGEL Average daily surface air temperature for Europe Copernicus Tesla's post-election gains disappear Deutsche Welle Seit Jahresanfang gingen 781 Windräder ans Netz DIE ZEIT Average daily surface air temperature for Europe Copernicus Tesla's post-election gains disappear Deutsche Welle Seit Jahresanfang gingen 781 Windräder ans Netz DIE ZEIT 2023 ParkScore for D.C. Axios How these coaches landed on the hot seat The New York Times The Magnificent Seven Monitor Reuters Medicaid Finances Nearly One Fifth of Health Care Spending KFF 2023 ParkScore for D.C. Axios How these coaches landed on the hot seat The New York Times The Magnificent Seven Monitor Reuters Medicaid Finances Nearly One Fifth of Health Care Spending KFF The latest on the active Los Angeles wildfires The Washington Post Living Conditions in Syria: Raqqa Compared to Other Regions (Dec 2013-Nov 2014) New America Hochzeitskulisse: Orte, die bei der Hochzeit von Lauren Sánchez und Jeff Bezos eine Rolle spielen DER SPIEGEL The latest on the active Los Angeles wildfires The Washington Post Living Conditions in Syria: Raqqa Compared to Other Regions (Dec 2013-Nov 2014) New America Hochzeitskulisse: Orte, die bei der Hochzeit von Lauren Sánchez und Jeff Bezos eine Rolle spielen DER SPIEGEL COVID-19 cases county by county Associated Press Effect on Average Tariff Rate, by Tariff Type Tax Policy Center Average Confidence in Major U.S. Institutions, by Party, 1979-2025 Gallup Death of originality The Times COVID-19 cases county by county Associated Press Effect on Average Tariff Rate, by Tariff Type Tax Policy Center Average Confidence in Major U.S. Institutions, by Party, 1979-2025 Gallup Death of originality The Times Trusted by teams at Discover all features Learn about everything Datawrapper has to offer to help you create professional and beautiful charts, maps, and tables. Learn Datawrapper Check out our compilation of helpful resources about all things Datawrapper and data visualization in general. Datawrapper logo Get Support Contact Us Product Charts Maps Tables Pricing Case Studies Features All Features Custom Themes Dark Mode Print Export Localization Accessibility Privacy Security PowerPoint Integration Resources Blog Academy River Webinars Training Materials API Docs Company About Us Latest Improvements Careers Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences Terms of Service Imprint © 2025 Datawrapper is developed by Datawrapper GmbH