Go Home
Are you bilingual?
Know how to code?
About
Blog
FAQ
Safety
Sign In
Get Started
Get paid to train AI on your own schedule
Apply Now
As seen on:
Do you have a degree in math, physics, biology, or chemistry?

Are you passionate about solving complex problems? Do you value the freedom to work on your own schedule? We are seeking experts with bachelor's, master's, or Ph.D. degrees. Expert projects start at $40 USD per hour with higher pay available for high-quality and high-volume work

Join our Expert Team today!
Math
Physics
Biology
Chemistry
Law
Medicine
Finance
Millions Paid out
Starting at $20+ per hour
100k+ Members
Get Started
Watch Testimonials
Tens of millions of dollars have been paid out to our dedicated members as they transform AI.
Do tasks, earn money. Simple as that.
1. Create an account

We're currently accepting folks from the US, Canada, UK, Ireland, New Zealand, and Australia. If you are outside these countries, you are still welcome to make an account (we'll email you when we're ready for you).

2. Take the Starter Assessment

If you pass, we'll notify you via email, and you'll have access to a wide range of work.

3. Start Earning!
Get Started Today!
Flexible work and transparent pay!
Flexible hours
Work from anywhere
Free training
Choose your projects
No AI experience required
Transparent pay
Get Started Today!
                                                                                                  
This is an independent contract position.
Questions?
Answers.
More FAQs
How much will I get paid?

From $20 an hour upwards.

How flexible is the work?

Very! You choose when to work, how much to work, and which projects you’d like to work on. Work is available 24/7/365.

How much work will be available to me?

If you qualify for our long-running projects and demonstrate high-quality work, there will be virtually unlimited work available to you.

What kind of data collection projects do you have?

Projects on the platform run the gamut: from survey-style work, to interacting with chatbots, to creative writing tasks, and much more! Additionally, some of our core projects allow you to take advantage of your areas of expertise or subjects that you are passionate about.

Who is this opportunity for?

While no specific background experience is necessary, we're seeking individuals who have excellent writing and critical reasoning abilities, and are detail-oriented, creative, and self-motivated.

Testimonials

We're proud that our platform has had such a positive impact on our community members' lives

+100k

This platform has honestly felt too good to be true! (I'm generally a huge skeptic and do not trust easily!) It has afforded me the ability to work from home.. and actually make a decent living doing so! I'm a mom of 6 and homeschool and prefer to stay at home with my family.

I'm still pinching myself that it's real, and that I get paid regularly, and can even have flexibility in that too! I can choose to leave it build up a bit, or regularly (every 3 days if I choose) get it instantly deposited to my Paypal.. Literally instantly! It's truly amazing and I'm SO thankful.. Not only for myself and my family, but for the few that I've been able to share this opportunity with that has changed their life as well! Thank you!

Vicki

Working with DataAnnotation has been a great way to make some extra money in my free time while I prepare to graduate med school.

The projects are interesting and interactive, there is often unlimited work, and the pay is great!

Max

Real work. Zero issues!

Throughout my time here, I’ve had the opportunity to work unlimited, flexible hours with projects that pay well and on time with no issues.

The community I’ve been part of is friendly and helpful, and we always share ideas or even the funny things we’ve encountered! The admins resolve issues quickly and actively engage with our thoughts and suggestions, which is nice to see.

There have been a lot of interesting projects so far, and I’m proud to say that my work is meaningful and impactful to the future of tech!

Tyler

A great company to work with! I have contributed to some very interesting projects and it feels great to know that I had a part in building such amazing things even if it is just a small part. The hours are great, you can choose how much you work and if you are pulled in other directions with other projects or family commitments there is no penalty if you need to step away for a little while.

They always have a job for you, I like having this work to come back to when things slow down and I need the money. I will continue working with them and always check for jobs and cool projects to apply for and look for an opportunity to contribute to something far greater than myself.

Brian
Limited Spots Available

Flexible and remote work from the comfort of your home.

Get Started
DataAnnotation
Home
About
Careers
FAQ
Getting Started
Create Account
What is Data Annotation?
Is DataAnnotation Legit?
Trust & Safety
Specializations
Math
Physics
Biology
Law
Medicine
Finance
Programmers
Bilingual
Blog
All Articles
Choose Your Hours, Location, and Projects
How I Found Work-Life Freedom on My Terms
Finding Work-Life Balance as a Single Mom
3 Reasons to Work with DataAnnotation
Career Resources
For Developers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy