Datazoom 0 Skip to Content Contact Us Sign In Open Menu Close Menu Contact Us Sign In Open Menu Close Menu Contact Us Sign In The Real-Time Data Layer From Collection to Activation Datazoom eliminates data silos and SDK bloat, providing a single source of truth that empowers every team to understand the complete user journey and act on insights instantly. REQUEST A DEMO Trusted by World Leading Companies Why Your Data Isn't Working for You In today's fragmented digital landscape, the promise of "data-driven" is broken. Critical insights are trapped in silos, arrive too late, have fragmented identifiers, and require constant engineering effort to access, leaving you with an incomplete picture of your user's experience. Fragmented User Journeys You can't connect the dots between an ad impression, a marketing campaign, video playback quality, and in-app behavior. You're missing critical opportunities to optimize the customer experience. Data Latency & Distrust Your app is weighed down by countless third-party SDKs, creating performance issues and security risks. Every request for a new data point or tool integration requires development cycles, slowing you down. Engineering Bottlenecks & SDK Bloat By the time information is processed through batch ETL pipelines, it's too late to react to real-time events. Worse, each team uses its own analytics, leading to conflicting metrics and a lack of trust. The Datazoom Unified Data Layer We provide a single, lightweight SDK to create a standardized, real-time data stream from all your digital properties. This isn't another analytics tool you have to manage—it's the foundational data layer that makes all your existing tools better. Instrument Once, Collect Everything Our flexible SDKs and APIs capture granular data from any source—applications, media players, ad frameworks, and CDNs—with over 200 pre-collected events and metadata and unlimited custom scripting. Process and Govern in Real Time Our financial-grade data pipeline standardizes and enriches your data on the fly. Make changes to which events and metadata to collect , transform , filter , enrich , and sample at any time. Federate to Your Favorite Tools & Avoid Vendor Lock-In Stream clean, trusted data to any destination in your existing stack. Swap vendors in and out, approve syndications to partners, cherry pick what is delivered to each destination—have ultimate flexibility. Hundreds of standardized data points are automatically made collectable across apps, media players, CDNs, ad frameworks and streaming protocols. For a full review, click here . Data Dictionary User Extensive device, location, network metadata for interaction events grouped by app, content and ad session IDs. Content Page and asset information. Content interaction events (milestones, thresholds, heartbeats). Advertising Ad break and ad milestone, skips, errors and click events with extended ad metadata for Google IMA, Google IMA DAI, Freewheel, MediaTailor and YoSpace support. QoE All video playback stages from start to finish, including buffering, errors, and quality changes with device, player, asset and network information Custom You can instrument any event or metadata to be included in the event stream (e.g. internal or third party user or content IDs / categories, user journey events, extended metadata). Unified data source for different teams to choose what data they need, how much, in what format  and where to send it — whenever they want. Product, Ad Ops, Marketing > Quality of Experience (QoE) > A Unified Source of Truth CHECK OUT OUR LATEST RELEASES React Native Collector • Remotely Instrument Custom Events & Metadata • Single Sign On (SSO) • Fully Tractable Custom Data • Partner Syndication • React Native Collector • Remotely Instrument Custom Events & Metadata • Single Sign On (SSO) • Fully Tractable Custom Data • Partner Syndication • React Native Collector • Remotely Instrument Custom Events & Metadata • Single Sign On (SSO) • Fully Tractable Custom Data • Partner Syndication • Trusted Collaborators AWS + Datazoom Learn More Coralogix + Datazoom Learn More InfoTrust Digital Media Services + Datazoom Learn More TV-Insight + Datazoom Learn More Hydrolix for AWS + Datazoom Learn More TrackIt + Datazoom Learn More TrafficPeak by Akamai + Datazoom Learn More Highly available, performant, scalable The Datazoom Platform is fully built on AWS by industry veterans to provide financial-grade data services at virtually any scale. COMMUNITY RESOURCES Thoughts News Guides Case Studies Solving the Challenges of SSAI Measurement Read Post CDN Management: The Secret to the Future Success of Streaming Video Platforms Read Post Personalize the Streaming Experience Read Post When Viewers Chromecast, Are You Left In The Dark? Read Post Contact Us We look forward to answering questions and providing demos. Publishers (video, audio and text) Ecommerce Apps and games Partners (ad, content, data solutions) Press About Media Kit Leadership FAQs Follow Privacy Policy Legal Hub Code of Conduct Datazoom 533 2nd Street, Suite 220 Encinitas, CA 92024-3558