Uncover Hidden Vendor Risk with our Free Risk Assessment Here

Product
 
Solutions
 
Customers
 
Resources
 
Company
Search 
Contact Us
 
Get a demo
Complete
AI-Powered
Privacy Automation
Eliminate risk, build customer trust, and meet ever-evolving regulatory demands with intelligent privacy automation.
Get a demo
     
Powered by Responsible Privacy-First AI

Data privacy work is complex, error-prone, and high stakes.

Only DataGrail brings together unrivaled integration, automation, and responsible AI to help you find and fix privacy risks, automate tasks, and enforce compliance at scale.

And, because we only train on anonymized and aggregated data, you get the power of AI without sacrificing privacy or security.

Take a tour
Complete, accurate data map

AI-recommended data mapping and deep discovery uncover what personal data you're collecting, which systems, processes, and AI are using it, and where your biggest risks are.

Live Data Map
Automated DSRs and opt outs

Industry-leading automation and 2,400+ integrations come together to help you fulfill even the most complex access, deletion, and opt-out requests in minutes instead of weeks.

Request Manager
24/7 consent enforcement

Automated consent management makes it easy to ensure your site stays compliant with no-code setup, real-time regulation updates, and seamless branded experiences.

Consent Management
Pre-populated risk assessments

Pre-built templates and AI-populated fields make it fast and painless to create DPIAs, PIAs, and AI risk assessments so you can uncover privacy risk across your entire business.

Risk Assessments
The most connected privacy platform
With an industry-leading 2,400+ in-house integrations network, DataGrail automates privacy across all your SaaS, cloud, and internal data sources.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Explore all integrations
Leading support for the world's leading brands.
Our best-in-class success team acts as an extension of your privacy program, going beyond basic support to provide deep technical and privacy expertise from day 1 to day 1,001.
Bed Bath & Beyond
Drata
Studs
 Watch
HOW BED BATH & BEYOND REDUCES RISK

“DataGrail has really helped us with reducing risk and gaining trust from our customer base, and making it a very easy and seamless process. It's been a 10x ROI from the investment in DataGrail.”

Brandon Greenwood , CISO
Read case study
 Watch
HOW DRATA MAINTAINS COMPLIANCE WITH AUTOMATION

“One of the things that stood out about DataGrail specifically was the number of integrations that it had with a number of the SaaS providers that we used internally. And so that was an easy sell for us.”

Matt Hillary , CISO
Read case study
 Watch
HOW STUDS UPHOLDS CUSTOMER TRUST

“The reason that we chose DataGrail was that it was a super comprehensive tool that would offer us a DSAR solution as well as consent and data mapping without needing to involve in-house engineers.”

Julie Cantor , Associate General Counsel
Catch AI risks before they develop
Our privacy-first risk intelligence gives you unprecedented visibility across your business, including sensitive personal data processing and shadow AI, so you can take action fast.
Responsible Data Discovery
Proactively manage your privacy risk with machine learning-powered data classification to uncover what systems you have and what personal data they contain.
Learn more
Retail
AI Governance
Managed Services
The latest in data privacy
Explore resources
BLOG-POST
DEC 2025
DataGrail’s 2026 Product Vision: Wrangling R...
 
GUIDE
DEC 2025
The Guide to State Privacy Laws
 
BLOG-POST
DEC 2025
The Lean Privacy AI Playbook: An Essential Framewo...

Let’s get started

Ready to level up your privacy program? 
We're here to help.

Talk to an expert