Skip to content
FAQ
Log in
DataPacket
Why DataPacket
Data centers
Pricing
Use cases
Company
CONTACT SALES
CONFIGURE SERVER
Dedicated servers in 63 global locations with local routing

2,957 available servers with same‑day delivery and exceptional client service.

Amsterdam
Ashburn
Athens
Atlanta
Auckland
Berlin
Bogotá
Bordeaux
Boston
Bratislava
Brussels
Bucharest
Budapest
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Copenhagen
Dallas
Denver
Dublin
Frankfurt
Fujairah
Hong Kong
Houston
Istanbul
Johannesburg
Kuala Lumpur
Kyiv
Lagos
Lima
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Manchester
Marseille
McAllen
Melbourne
Miami
Milan
Montréal
New York
Oslo
Palermo
Paris
Prague
Querétaro
San Jose
Santiago
São Paulo
Seattle
Seoul
Singapore
Sofia
Stockholm
Sydney
Tel Aviv
Tokyo
Toronto
Vancouver
Vienna
Warsaw
Zagreb
Zürich
Europe
North America
Asia-Pacific
Latin America
Middle East & Africa
NEWEST HARDWARE
Latest generation servers for all workloads

DataPacket’s stock offers a wide array of configuration choices including the latest CPUs. Coupled with an overprovisioned network, even large‑scale and complex deployments are executed with ease.

Same-day delivery for most orders
Unshared 1×10GE – 2×100GE uplink per server
Bundle offers for more servers in multiple locations
Trial deployments in any location, with no service limitation
BROWSE CONFIGURATIONS
GLOBAL NETWORK
Backed by low-latency 270+ Tbps network

Consistently low latency times, zero packet loss, and no saturation during peak times are the results of real‑time network monitoring, daily routing adjustments, and the use of multiple networks interconnected through DataPacket’s global private backbone.

DDoS protected network
Unmetered bandwidth
16 transit carriers and 300+ PNIs
Bandwidth pooling available
EXPLORE LOCATIONS
PREMIUM SERVICE
Exceptional client service as a standard

Server deployments, routing improvement requests, and even your billing inquiries are each handled by a dedicated and experienced team. This way, no request gets left behind and you will get focused and professional attention.

Dedicated account manager
Real-time Slack support
24/7 tech support
No commitment, pay monthly
LEARN ABOUT DATAPACKET’S APPROACH
TRUSTED BY
Performance precisely tailored
for your use case
Video streaming platforms

Serve video content to thousands of concurrent viewers.

VPN providers

Enable secure, private, and borderless browsing with rapid connection.

Gaming companies

Deliver great online gaming experiences to player bases of all sizes.

Content Delivery

Distribute your content effortlessly without performance or traffic restrictions.

SEE ALL USE CASES
Why clients appreciate working with DataPacket

DataPacket’s servers and network are top notch, they provided a fantastic user experience to Discord's users — truly one of the few providers we've worked with that could hit our quality bar and provide the level of service we expect.

Mark Smith
Director of Infrastructure at Discord

We needed to scale all over the world. Since we prefer working with a dedicated teams over big companies like AWS, we've chosen DataPacket. Their servers have well-chosen configurations (plus the custom requests are not a problem), the infrastructure is well built and their passionate team is always available for our requests. Overall, we love working with DataPacket!

Ludovic Rateau
CEO of Ringover

DataPacket infrastructure has been able to absorb traffic peaks that very few people heard of. Their customer service is excellent and proves that there are no boundaries in today’s world. I really recommend DataPacket to anybody looking for a high performance, innovative solution for high traffic hosting.

Dejan Grofelnik Pelzel
Founder of bunny.net

DataPacket enables us to expand our server offerings to additional regions, improving the connectivity and experience for gamers everywhere. With DataPacket, we've been able to offer gamers all around the world a better gaming experience - they can simply get in-game and play, never having to worry about server connectivity problems.

James Ross
CTO & Co-Founder of Nodecraft

DataPacket Sets the Gold Standard for Bare Metal Hosting Services - After trying out various bare metal hosting providers for the past 10 years, DataPacket has truly stood out among them, meeting our requirements exceptionally well.

Adam Myllykoski
CRO at DatHost

Working with the DataPacket team is great. They have a great attention to detail, and are very customer-focused. They tailored their offering to our exact needs. Any questions we have are very quickly answered by their skilled team. Billing is very easy to understand: there are no hidden surprises.

Ben McClintock
Head of Technology at Orbx

To build out our global video ingest network, Livepeer needed a partner that could provide dedicated hardware, unmetered bandwidth, and a large global footprint. DataPacket has provided outstanding service in all of those areas, giving us low-latency connections all over the world.

Eli Mallon
Lead Software Engineer at Livepeer

The best thing about DataPacket is its excellent support. Whatever question or issue we had, we could talk to the person directly responsible for that in a Slack channel and get our question resolved. This is not something you can ever have with most of their competitors.

Andrey Meshkov
Co-founder and CTO at Adguard

Picarto is such a big platform not only from a business perspective. We learned how to serve software for many people and about scalability, robustness, and security. For instance, we got many new customers for streaming services during the pandemic. We could build a learning platform from scratch. And if someone asks me what dedicated servers they should use, I always say DataPacket. There’s a relationship when your name comes.

Ozcan Dogan
CEO and Founder of Picarto.tv

I operate an agile Saas company that needs horsepower at a fixed price. The public cloud providers just didn’t fit. DataPacket made the math work, they were flexible while speedy, and support was excellent. We are now in a much better place and armed with the ability to grow our business. No looking back!

George Bardissi
Founder & CEO of 1Stream
Ranked among the top server providers in the industry on
4.7/5
4.5/5
Choose from 2,957 dedicated servers in stock
CONFIGURE SERVER
PRODUCT
Network
Data centers
DDoS protection
Client experience
Server configuration
Dedicated GPU servers
Pricing
USE CASES
Video streaming
Gaming companies
VPN providers
Content Delivery
AI & Machine learning
Storage servers
IP transit
Use cases overview
RESOURCES
Looking glass
Server hardware
Compare providers
FAQ
API
COMPANY
Contact
About DataPacket
Client reviews
Blog
LEGAL
Terms & Conditions
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
DSA policy
DMCA policy
Privacy Policy
GET IN TOUCH
sales@datapacket.com
Get custom quote
+44 7395 031 394
+1 646 664 1963
CONTACT US
X.com
LinkedIn
Facebook
© 2025 DataCamp Limited,
9 Coldbath Square, London, United Kingdom.
All rights reserved.