DataReportal uses cookies to understand your interests and deliver custom content. You can decline non-essential cookies via the buttons below. Learn more in our privacy policy.

Accept
Decline
Options
☰
HOME
REPORTS
ABOUT
CONTACT
NEWSLETTER
ALL THE NUMBERS YOU NEED

DataReportal offers thousands of free reports that help you make sense of what people are really doing online.

FEATURED REPORTS
Digital 2026 Global Overview Report

Our latest flagship report, with 700 pages exploring global digital adoption and use. Top stories include big new milestones for use of the internet, social media, and AI, along with insights into social platform preferences and the use of search engines.

Read more →

Digital 2026 Local Country Headlines

A handy collection of all the latest local market data, with essential headlines for digital adoption and use in almost every country in the world. Includes headline figures for the use of mobile phones, internet adoption, and social media use.

Read more →

Digital 2025 July Global Statshot Report

Our quarterly update for July 2025 packs 540+ pages exploring how the world uses online devices and services. This update includes new data on the use of AI, rich insights into people’s social media preferences, and a deep dive into online search.

Read more →

Digital 2025 Global Overview Report

Our global flagship report from 2025, with 640 pages exploring global digital trends and behaviours. Includes rich insights into the world’s internet behaviours, social media preferences, mobile habits, ecommerce activities, and digital marketing trends.

Read more →

QUICK SEARCH

Alternatively, click here to browse all reports.

GLOBAL OVERVIEWS

Essential global and regional insights, with comparisons across key economies.

EXPLORE →
LOCAL INSIGHTS

In-depth local findings for more than 230 countries and territories around the world.

EXPLORE →
SPECIALIST REPORTS

Data and trends for specific topics, with regional overviews and local insights.

EXPLORE →
SELECTED CONTENT
DIGITAL 2024 GLOBAL NEWS REPORT

A closer look at the world’s evolving news preferences, including detailed examination of the role that social media platforms play in today’s news landscape. Compares data from a variety of trusted sources, offering valuable perspectives on this crucial aspect of the online world.

JAPAN’S DIGITAL DIFFERENCES

A closer look at why digital behaviours in Japan are so different to those that we see almost everywhere else in the world. Includes valuable insights into Japan’s digital evolution, and explores what the latest trends tell us today’s connected behaviours.

GET INSIGHTS IN YOUR INBOX
 SUBSCRIBE

Don’t worry, we hate spam too. We won’t share your details with anyone else.
Please read our privacy policy for full details.

LATEST REPORTS
DIGITAL 2026: ZIMBABWE

All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Zimbabwe in 2026, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms.

Read More →
DIGITAL 2026: ZAMBIA

All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Zambia in 2026, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms.

Read More →
DIGITAL 2026: YEMEN

All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Yemen in 2026, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms.

Read More →
DIGITAL 2026: WESTERN SAHARA

Our latest report on the use of digital technologies in Western Sahara.

Read More →
DIGITAL 2026: WALLIS AND FUTUNA

An overview of essential headlines for digital adoption and use in Wallis and Futuna in 2026.

Read More →
DIGITAL 2026: VIETNAM

All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Vietnam in 2026, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms.

Read More →
COMPLETE COLLECTION

Click here to browse all of our reports by country, region, year, and topic.

Browse
All Reports
Global Reports
Regional Reports
Local Reports
Special Reports
Search
Info
About
Contact
Citation & Reuse
Notes on Data
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Connect
LinkedIn
YouTube
X (Twitter)
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest

© Kepios. All rights reserved.