Solutions
User Acquisition
Retargeting
SKAN campaigns
Mobile DSP
About Us
News
Blog
Contact
 
Full support of AdAttributionKit and SKAN

Confidently transition to AdAttributionKit/SKAN for mobile UA with Dataseat. As trailblazers in IDFA-less advertising, Dataseat has a track record of driving exceptional success for clients’ campaigns using Apple’s privacy framework.

Get Started
 
Transparent privacy-ready mobile DSP

Dataseat helps brands, apps and games drive programmatic success in today’s privacy-centric ad landscape.

Get Started
 
iOS performance with and without IDFA

Bidding algorithms powered by privacy-compliant signals fully aligned with Apple iOS privacy measures.

Learn more
 
Full support of AdAttributionKit and SKAN

Confidently transition to AdAttributionKit/SKAN for mobile UA with Dataseat. As trailblazers in IDFA-less advertising, Dataseat has a track record of driving exceptional success for clients’ campaigns using Apple’s privacy framework.

Get Started
 
Transparent privacy-ready mobile DSP

Dataseat helps brands, apps and games drive programmatic success in today’s privacy-centric ad landscape.

Get Started
1
3
1
3
Trusted by the world’s leading brands, apps,
agencies and holdcos

Some of our clients:

Dataseat's promise to advertisers
Full visibility of programmatic

Access all of your data, without limits, at any level – from bids to sales

Custom bidding algorithms

Train your own machine learning models, exclusive to your apps, and customisable by you

Control

Unlike a traditional DSP, Dataseat puts you fully in control of your data and bidding logic.

Cost effective

We keep things simple with a flat rate on your media spend, with no hidden costs.

User acquisition on iOS and Android

Get effective user acquisition solutions for audiences with and without identifiers. Grow your app with users who will actively engage and bring value.

Once your campaign is live, Dataseat explores traffic and learns where to find the highest-value users.

Retargeting

Make the most of your first-party data with Dataseat Retargeting.

Segment and customize your audience as you wish, and target them with the right message. We work with you to build and maintain private, proprietary machine-learning models to boost performance based on your specific goals.

AdKit and SKAN campaigns

Dataseat are experts in privacy-first, ID(FA) – less advertising.

We fully support AdAttributionKit and SKAdNetwork and help clients maximize and interpret AdKit/SKAN data to reach campaign KPIs.

Verticals and clients
Performance brands

Driving app installs, orders, subscriptions, and repeat purchases for brands that rely on app performance.

Agencies

Trusted partner to drive performance and brand KPIs for agencies’ clients, and support with our privacy expertise

Non-gaming apps

Powering growth for non-games: from user acquisition to re-engagement and maximizing post-install conversions (subscription, iAP).

Gaming

Established growth expert for games: driving engaged, quality players for maximum ROAS and user LTV.

Dataseat is the mobile DSP of choice for
top businesses across verticals:
Entertainment/music/streaming
Gaming
Finance
QSR and food delivery
Retail and eCommerce
Social media
Travel
and more…
The pipes to access the world's largest in-app exchanges
Our partners
Privacy . Performance . Transparency . Scale
Get started
Solutions
User Acquisition
Retargeting
AdKit/SKAN campaigns
Company
About
Mobile DSP
Careers
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
California Applicant Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Resources
News
Memberships

© 2025 Dataseat Mobile DSP. All Rights Reserved.

To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes. Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA. For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All Accept All