DateMyAge.com — Active Senior Dating for Mature Singles Young at Heart Sign in Enter your email to receive a login link. Please include '@' in your email Please include the part after '@' Enter a valid email Enter a valid email Continue Sign in with password Create your Account An email with a login link has been sent to Log in quickly using any link from the email we’ve sent to Check your Gmail account Check your Yahoo account Check your Hotmail account Check your Outlook account Sign in For all future logins, click any link inside any of our emails Please include '@' in your email Please include the part after '@' Enter a valid email Enter a valid email Enter password The password you've entered is incorrect Forgot password? Continue Sign in without password Create your Account Enter your email to receive a login link. Enter your name or nickname Please include '@' in your email Please include the part after '@' Enter a valid email Enter a valid email All members should have valid emails to prove they are real Create Account Sign in By clicking “Create Account” you agree with the Terms & Conditions , Privacy Policy , Refund and Cancellation Policy and Content Policy . You can terminate your account or opt out of any or part of the services (including linked-one) any time. An email with a login link has been sent to Check your Gmail account Check your Yahoo account Check your Hotmail account Check your Outlook account Sign in Enter your email to receive instructions on how to create a new password. Please include '@' in your email Please include the part after '@' Enter a valid email Enter a valid email Email not found Continue Sign in An email with instructions on how to create a new password has been sent to Check your Gmail account Check your Yahoo account Check your Hotmail account Check your Outlook account Sign in English English Español 中文 Italiano Français Deutsch Mature Singles Young at Heart Join our community of mature singles and find a warm and meaningful connection! I am a: Select your gender Seeking a: Select gender preference Between ages: Between ages: 18 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 60 65 70 75 and 20+ 25+ 30+ 35+ 40+ 45+ 50+ 55+ 60+ 65+ 70+ 75+ 80+ Meet 45+ Singles By clicking “Meet 45+ Singles” or “Sign in via Google” you agree with the Terms & Conditions , Privacy Policy , Refund and Cancellation Policy and Content Policy . You can terminate your account or opt out of any or part of the services (including linked-one) any time. For display purposes only. The individual in the image is not a user of this service. Log in to DateMyAge.com and discover new matches! Free trial available! Log in to DateMyAge.com to activate it now. An email with a login link has been sent to Check your account Resend login link For display purposes only. The individual in the image is not a user of this service. Marina, 58 Odesa, Ukraine Hello Giovanni, 64 Caracas, Venezuela Hello Marina, 43 Nikolaev, Ukraine Hello Tamara, 62 Tallahassee, USA Hi! Yuri, 57 Odesa, Ukraine Hello David, 66 Los Angeles, USA Hi! Cata, 37 Medellín, Colombia Hello Carolina, 37 California City, USA Hi! James, 53 Caracas, Capital District, Venezuela, Venezuela Hello Carl, 42 Guadalajara, Mexico Hello Protection Your safety is supported by dedicated anti-scam systems Verification Members with verification signs have provided their Government issued ID for verification purposes. Attention Receive lots of attention from attractive members online. Communication Chat, send letters, call, share your photos. Community Our community consists of paying members and free users. What Our Users Love About Us Millions of users in over 150 countries trust DateMyAge — check out the reviews to see why! I appreciate the real-time notifications, which ensure that I never miss a message from someone special. Moreover, the messaging platform supports multimedia communication, including photos and videos, which has enriched my conversations and allowed me to share moments in a more personal way. Overall, DateMyAge's messaging feature strikes the perfect balance between functionality and simplicity Call me Albert Reviews.io Just recently made a refill because I enjoy using this site. I think 3 months is enough for me to say that I am having a great experience so far because for me it's features are so easy to use plus a lot of members all over the world not discriminating by age or race. I just like it really. JunRo Complaintsboard.com I shall say I am having a great experience in this website so far! I have a specific preference when it comes to a future partner and I really like that they have search filters that helps me find girls from SF. It's just a great journey so far and hopefully I'll find my person here. Remy C Hellopeter.com Over 65 000 user reviews Collected from different platforms Find a warm and meaningful connection with interesting and caring singles over 45 Join our community of Mature Singles! Create an account For display purposes only. The individual in the image is not a user of this service. About Terms & conditions Privacy policy Cookie Policy Dating Securely Help Center Become a Partner Dating an Older Man Copyright DateMyAge.com 2025. All rights reserved This website is operated by VENTA SOLUTIONS PTE. LTD., located at 8 Eu Tong Sen Street #22-85, The Central, Singapore 059818 Registration No: 201900379G A confirmation email has been sent to Your login link has been sent to your email Click the link we have sent to If you didn't get the email, check your spam folder or Resend confirmation Check your Gmail account Check your Yahoo account Check your Hotmail account Check your Outlook account