Davidson College | Davidson Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the search panel Site search keywords Search Visit the homepage click to open the main menu Request Info Visit Apply Visit the homepage Give News & Events Resources For Alumni New Students Current Students Parents & Families Faculty & Staff Visitors & Community School Counselors Academics Academics Majors & Minors Research Opportunities Experiential Learning Study Abroad Career Outcomes & Networking Advising & Support Academic Departments Arts Library Admission & Aid Admission & Aid Apply Visit Access & Belonging Explore Financial Aid Cost of Attendance En Español Apply Start your Davidson journey today. Campus Life Campus Life Our Campus & Surroundings Honor Code Housing & Dining Diversity & Inclusion Get Involved Health & Wellness Financial Wellness International Student Experience The Arts Inspire at Davidson About About Fast Facts Mission & Values College Leadership History & Traditions Race & Reconciliation Offices & Services Maps & Directions Contact Us The Institute for Public Good Athletics Opportunity for All More than three-quarters of Davidson College's students graduate with no debt. That is possible because of the endowment funding to our financial aid and external funding, such as Pell Grants. Financial Wellness Groundbreaking Research Davidson prepares graduates for real-world leadership roles through faculty-guided projects and individualized research, empowering them to become mentors for the next generation. Research Opportunities Arts That Inspire At Davidson, our focus is on collaborating across the arts and sciences, creating a transdisciplinary approach to learning for all students. Arts at Davidson Respectful Dialogue Rooted in a tradition of healthy debate and civil discourse, Davidson College produces leaders who meet across differences and find mutual understanding in a polarized society. The Institute for Public Good We are a public good. "The very act of creating a college that values freedom of expression, diverse viewpoints, and mutual respect is itself a public good, serving not only Davidson, but our wider society." Douglas Hicks '90 President, Davidson College Explore Our Impact Find Your Passion Join a community of scholars committed to lives of leadership and service. Fast Facts Academics 74+ Majors, Minors & Programs Find Your Major Pause Our Community Students from all backgrounds learn from, and alongside, each other. Faculty challenge you as they share your dreams. A community equally driven and kind. Student Experience Admission & Financial Aid Ranked among America's most selective colleges, Davidson is proud to stand as one of only two dozen schools in the country that admit students regardless of their family’s ability to pay, meet 100 percent of calculated need, and do so without loans in their aid package. We're here to help as you navigate the admission and financial aid process. Request Info Visit Apply 100% of Calculated Financial Need Is Met Financial Aid Featured Davidson News Read the stories of our students, alumni, faculty and community members. All News Featured Warm Wishes for This Holiday Season from Davidson College Davidson College President Doug Hicks ’90 extends gratitude and joy for the countless ways our educational community enriches lives both on campus and beyond. Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. They Cost Very Little and Mean So Much: The Best Gifts No One Bought Public Health in Action: Confronting Black Maternal Health Disparities Learning to Listen: A Bonner Scholar's Summer of Service in Cape Town We Are Grateful One-Woman Show: Hannah Lieberman ’18 Gets Whirlwind Start in the NYC Comedy Scene Building Trust, One Conversation at a Time: Leadership at Davidson College Upcoming Events Robyn Le Blank, “Boxes, Banks, Bags, and Bones: Carrying and Storing Money in Ancient Rome” January 27, 2026 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM "From Trauma to Triumph: Moving Beyond Storytelling to Radical Healing for Black Maternal Health" By Dr. Jonisha Brown. A Fredrick Womble Speas Lecture February 11, 2026 5:00 PM - 9:00 PM Dean Rusk & Pulitzer Crisis Center Lecture February 16, 2026 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Jared Benton - Archeology Series presenter February 17, 2026 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM Start Your Davidson Journey Request Information Plan Your Visit Apply to Davidson Visit the homepage Contact Information Work at Davidson Maps & Directions Contact Us Follow the Latest at #DavidsonCollege Social Hub Directories Social Media Links Instagram Facebook Youtube LinkedIn TikTok Davidson, North Carolina 28035 (704) 894-2000 © Davidson College Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Policy Library