Daxko | Solutions for YMCAs, BGCs, and JCCs Book a Demo Solutions Products Who We Serve Resources Company Solutions Grow your good with proven solutions for the way nonprofits work Streamline operations, foster engagement, and process payments seamlessly with integrated software and services. Book A Demo Redefine what's possible with smarter gym management solutions Discover complete management solutions designed for gyms & health clubs seeking scalable growth and powerfully simple operations. Explore Solutions Empower your studio with seamless management solutions for success Streamline class scheduling, membership management, and payment processing with our user-friendly platform designed to elevate your studio’s efficiency and member satisfaction. Explore Solutions Expand possibilities with an open platform and secure integrations Trusted partners are a connection away. Leverage a growing network of 75+ partners, modern APIs, and secure integrations—giving full control to build the right solutions for your organization. Explore Integrations Make a small change for a big funding impact Reimagine fees as funding — diversify nonprofit revenue by creating a shared member investment in better programs, modern facilities, and a thriving community for all. Book A Demo Simplify program management and strengthen engagement Create, manage, and grow nonprofit programs with intuitive tools that streamline registrations, scheduling, and participation—so more people can connect, learn, and thrive. Book A Demo Powering centers, gyms, clubs, and studios with integrated solutions Improve operations, increase engagement, and accelerate growth — giving wellness spaces time to focus on what matters most. Book A Demo Daxko Operations Club Automation Zen Planner Partner Ecosystem Payments & Flex Fees Program Management More Solutions Let’s give each task a purpose Together, we can make the world a bit brighter for each person in your organization. Streamline daily operations Engage your community members, donors, and more with tools designed to help staff focus on what matters most – your mission. Membership Management Increase program impact Rely on time-tested program management solutions while you deliver experiences that change lives. Program Management Simplify accounting Manage advanced finances with integrated & intuitive financial budgeting, forecasting, and reporting designed with your back office in mind. Finance Management Understand & action insights See members, participants, and donors clearly with data access, analytics, and reporting solutions. Built for complete views and informed decision-making. Performance Analytics Automate payment processing Ensure accuracy and efficiency in financial transactions with full-service billing options and secure payment processing. Payment Processing Stay safe anytime, anywhere Efficiently secure and manage facility access, ensuring optimal usage, convenience, and protection for your members and community. Facility Access Be found & grow community Share stories, engage prospects, inspire members, and amplify your visibility in your community. Marketing & Engagement Get reliable support Support from more than 227 dedicated nonprofit professionals – including former users of Daxko solutions! Customer Support Powering the business of fitness Book a Demo Helping you operate with impact since 1998 At Daxko, our mission is simple: To ensure you achieve yours! While you lead, connect, and build healthier communities, we simplify, integrate, and optimize it all for you. 3,000+ Mission-driven organizations and community centers using Daxko 700+ Daxko team members dedicated to your mission 6M+ Members that look to our partners for community and connection Discover Daxko Operations Fuel your operations for mission success You’ve helped us innovate industry-leading solutions for ever-changing needs. Member Management Marketing Automation Accounting Mobile Payments League Management Digital Marketing Websites Elevate your membership experience Provide exceptional service and engagement with robust membership management solutions. Keep track of member data, enhance personalization, and ensure everyone feels valued and connected. See Operations One of the big reasons we chose Daxko was because of all the insight [they] brought to the basic function of membership...Daxko is going to allow our Y to become a better Y for sure. Gerald MacKillop Chief Operations Officer of the YMCA of the North Shore Who we serve YMCAs We’ve been committed to the YMCA mission for over 25 years. Here’s how we craft solutions that foster community. YMCA Management Software JCCs Always a beacon of health, culture, and communal growth, Jewish Community Centers deserve solutions that strengthen their mission. JCC Management Software Youth Clubs As the heart of youth development, Youth Clubs inspire healthy future leaders. While you focus on them, we make your day-to-day easier. Youth Club Management Software Community Recreation Centers There are many kinds of vibrant community hubs, and we recognize yours! No matter your mission, we can help you serve your participants better. Community Recreation Center Software Ready to grow your good? If you’re a community-based nonprofit, we’re committed to fueling your mission with the most trusted operational solutions built for the way you work. Book a Demo What's New Explore More Menu Demo Login Careers Help Center Privacy Policy Vulnerability Disclosure Terms Master Service Agreement Daxko vs Alternatives 600 University Park Place, Suite 500 | Birmingham, AL 35209 Daxko, LLC is a registered ISO of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Concord, CA. Daxko LLC, is a registered Independent Sales Organization of Fiserv, Milwaukee, WI. Copyright © 2025 Daxko