Dayton In-depth, Investigative News from Dayton Daily News Breaking: New postmark policy by USPS could cause issues for people Log In Log In Log In ePaper Sign up for our newsletters Subscriber Benefits Digital Help Center Local Videos Best of Dayton Business Investigations Life Food Sports Obituaries Classifieds Legal Notices ePaper Quick Links ePaper Newsletters Subscriber Benefits Digital Help Center News Military News Nation & World Elections Politics Ohio News Education Today Local Community Gems Crime Mental Health Matters Daily Law Journal Greene County News Local School News Montgomery County News Warren County News More Communities Traffic Weather Business Investigations Path Forward Opinion HomesPlus Life Best of Dayton Celebrations In Your Prime Health Dayton History Latest Photos Videos Puzzles & Games Things to Do Food Sports Latest Scores Tom Archdeacon Athlete of the Week Cincinnati Bengals Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Browns Dayton Dragons UD Flyers High Schools OSU Buckeyes WSU Raiders Obituaries Classifieds Find a Job Cars for Sale Sponsored Content Legal Notices Newspaper Archives Digital Help Center News Local Obituaries Weather Ohio Lottery NIE Teacher Access Newspaper Archives Newsletters Customer Service Contact the Dayton Daily News Our Products Feedback FAQs Digital Help Center Work Here Marketplace Classifieds Jobs Cars for Sale HomesPlus Advertise Legal Notices Follow Us © 2025 Dayton Daily News . All Rights Reserved. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , CCPA , and understand your options regarding Ad Choices . Learn about Careers at Cox Enterprises . Credit: AP YouTube TV announces major change to subscription options New postmark policy by USPS could cause issues for people Credit: AP Ohio’s minimum wage moves to $11 an hour in 2026 2h ago Credit: NYT State lawmakers want to name part of I-70 after President Trump 55m ago Best New Year’s resolution? Local doctor, fitness coaches have tips for you 2h ago New Year’s Eve ‘must include some food that is sort of decadent’ I’m very dedicated to the cozy New Year’s Eve. While I do love a shimmery cocktail dress, smoky eye and big hair — you... Downtown Dayton vandalism suspect pleads guilty to felony charges A 60-year-old man with a lengthy criminal record has pleaded guilty to multiple felony charges after a vandalism spree... Latest Headlines Credit: AP ‘Many are justifiably afraid’ amid Ohio ICE raids, officials say Cotton Bowl QBs Sayin and Beck have national titles as backups, now seek their own as a... Fordham vs. Dayton: What to know about Wednesday’s A-10 opener Teardrop Steakhouse in Dayton closes after 6 months Dayton humane society breaks adoption record Things to do in Dayton this weekend: Resolution Run, free yoga and a paint party Thug Rider pleads guilty in violent crimes conspiracy case Dayton Daily News readers made a big difference in 2025. Here are some volunteer... Credit: David Sherman Dayton business leaders hope for a clearer picture in 2026 New Franklin-Trenton Road bridge open in Warren County Fitness Under the Wings: Free wellness, exercise classes at Air Force museum Ohio State’s national championship leads list of top 10 local sports stories of 2025 Centerville, Washington Twp. mark year of major growth, projects in 2025 Fête at The Silos to give sneak peek tonight; grand opening coming soon Christmas trees can be donated at area state park in Warren County UPDATE: Missing 14-year-old found safe Dayton Daily News subscribers go directly to today's ePaper. READ NOW Tips to stay the course with a New Year’s resolution The holiday season is steeped in tradition. Many of those traditions are rooted in celebrants’ faith, but one of the... Credit: Getty Images New Year’s Eve ‘must include some food that is sort of decadent’ I’m very dedicated to the cozy New Year’s Eve. While I do love a shimmery cocktail dress, smoky eye and big hair — you... Credit: Getty Images Giving grace, saying no: New Year’s resolutions in 2026 look different The start of a new year can often bring the burden of naming lofty goals which are never met. Spotlight Sign up for our newsletters Best of Dayton Community Gems In Your Prime Obituaries Puzzles & Games Read the digital edition of today's newspaper. FREE with your subscription! Food & Dining Credit: Getty Images New Year’s Eve ‘must include some food that is sort of decadent’ Fête at The Silos to give sneak peek tonight; grand opening coming soon Credit: Nick Graham Teardrop Steakhouse in Dayton closes after 6 months Watch: Basil 1791 chef makes mango grouper dish; restaurant’s menu fresh with... Watch: What it’s like to dine at The Dessert Room in the Dayton Arcade Credit: Natalie Jones PHOTOS: First look inside The Dessert Room at the Dayton Arcade Vintage Dayton Unique Christmas Day front pages through the years in the Dayton Daily News Credit: FILE When the Wright brothers shocked the world, the Dayton media flubbed it Dayton’s history in flight: Inventions and milestones go well beyond the Wright brothers Credit: Lisa Powell Dozens of recipes from the 35-year history of our holiday cookie contest Latest Photo Galleries Credit: Steven Wright PHOTOS: 2025 Benner Fieldhouse Classic Credit: Bryant Billing PHOTOS: The best Dayton Daily News images of 2025 Credit: JEREMY MILLER PHOTOS: Bengals roll Cardinals Credit: David Jablonski PHOTOS: Our favorite sports photos of 2025 Mental Health Matters ‘We got to get a handle on it’: Helping kids limit screen time Credit: Avery Kreemer Ohio lawmakers propose legislation to improve youth mental health: Kids in Crisis Credit: Jim Noelker Kids in Crisis: Five ways to improve youth mental health in the Dayton region Resources exist for those left behind from suicide In Your Prime Credit: AP YouTube TV announces major change to subscription options I don’t like the gym. Now what? How nutritional needs change with age Your travel could include Antarctica, and by way of a cruise ship Business Credit: David Sherman Dayton business leaders hope for a clearer picture in 2026 Fête at The Silos to give sneak peek tonight; grand opening coming soon Credit: Natalie Jones In 2025, more than 80 restaurants, food trucks and other hospitality businesses opened in... Credit: Nick Graham Teardrop Steakhouse in Dayton closes after 6 months Credit: Nick Graham Former Hamilton mayor Tom Nye named Small Business Person of the Year Credit: Bill Lackey Health care in the Miami Valley: What made the news in 2025 Buc-ee’s announces mass hiring event for Huber Heights location New Carlisle bakery closed indefinitely Community Gems COMMUNITY GEMS: Kettering woman spreads kindness through yoga, volunteering COMMUNITY GEM: Local woman encourages young business professionals in Dayton COMMUNITY GEMS: Instructor’s class, students help young hospital patients Credit: Bryant Billing COMMUNITY GEM: Nonprofit leader spearheaded back-to-school event Path Forward 5 things to know about Intel’s new Ohio plants and workforce training efforts ‘Silicon Heartland’ construction progressing at Intel semiconductor plants that will... Credit: JIM NOELKER Intel-funded higher education alliances training people for 3,000 new jobs at... Credit: Marshall Gorby Five things to know about the Entrepreneurs’ Center Sports Credit: AP Ohio State’s national championship leads list of top 10 local sports stories of 2025 Credit: Steven Wright Boys basketball: Bellbrook completes 18-point comeback at Benner Fieldhouse Classic Credit: Steven Wright PHOTOS: 2025 Benner Fieldhouse Classic Men’s college basketball: Miami pours in 54 first-half points on its way to beat Bowling... H.S. Results 12/30: Elwer trio leads DSJ in battle of unbeatens Credit: Steven Wright Boys basketball: CJ survives Valley View rally in 84-81 win The new year brings new opportunities to connect with the outdoors Credit: Joseph R. Craven Archdeacon: Solomon Callaghan opens ‘his best Christmas present this year’ Cookie Settings