Dayton In-depth, Investigative News from Dayton Daily News Breaking: UPDATE: Missing 14-year-old found safe Log In Log In Log In ePaper Sign up for our newsletters Subscriber Benefits Digital Help Center Local Videos Best of Dayton Business Investigations Life Food Sports Obituaries Classifieds Legal Notices ePaper Quick Links ePaper Newsletters Subscriber Benefits Digital Help Center News Military News Nation & World Elections Politics Ohio News Education Today Local Community Gems Crime Mental Health Matters Daily Law Journal Greene County News Local School News Montgomery County News Warren County News More Communities Traffic Weather Business Investigations Path Forward Opinion HomesPlus Life Best of Dayton Celebrations In Your Prime Health Dayton History Latest Photos Videos Puzzles & Games Things to Do Food Sports Latest Scores Tom Archdeacon Athlete of the Week Cincinnati Bengals Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Browns Dayton Dragons UD Flyers High Schools OSU Buckeyes WSU Raiders Obituaries Classifieds Find a Job Cars for Sale Sponsored Content Legal Notices Newspaper Archives Digital Help Center News Local Obituaries Weather Ohio Lottery NIE Teacher Access Newspaper Archives Newsletters Customer Service Contact the Dayton Daily News Our Products Feedback FAQs Digital Help Center Work Here Marketplace Classifieds Jobs Cars for Sale HomesPlus Advertise Legal Notices Follow Us © 2025 Dayton Daily News . All Rights Reserved. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , CCPA , and understand your options regarding Ad Choices . Learn about Careers at Cox Enterprises . Dayton humane society breaks adoption record 2h ago Obi Toppin: A tribute to a new Dayton Flyers hall of famer Fête at The Silos to give sneak peek tonight; grand opening coming soon Credit: Jim Noelker Christmas trees can be donated at area state park in Warren County Downtown Dayton vandalism suspect pleads guilty to felony charges Letters to the Editor: Readers react to healthcare costs, school... The passage of the Affordable Care Act saw health care premiums rise 58% between 2010 and 2022. The average family... UPDATE: Missing 14-year-old found safe A missing 14-year-old has been found safe, according to Dayton police. The department asked for the public’s help after... 2h ago Latest Headlines Thug Rider pleads guilty in violent crimes conspiracy case Motor home and SUV collision in Florida kills child, injures others from Clark County Rep. Turner finds ways to stand apart from GOP, Trump in 2025 Top Dayton-area crime, court stories of 2025 Hobart Arena still creating memories 75 years later Fordham vs. Dayton: What to know about Wednesday’s A-10 opener Teardrop Steakhouse in Dayton closes after 6 months New Year’s Eve party at Belmont Billiards to feature Heather Redman & The Reputation Credit: Natalie Jones In 2025, more than 80 restaurants, food trucks and other hospitality businesses opened in... A-10 basketball: Saint Louis the favorite as conference play begins Vandalia Division of Fire’s new Squad Program aims to enhance emergency response... Ohio Hyundai and Kia vehicle owners  may be eligible for compensation Credit: JEREMY MILLER Bengals: Stewart’s first sack ‘meant the world to me’ Centerville school board members exiting after decades of shaping district’s direction Mercedes-Benz to give Ohio $2.1M, pay diesel owners as part of emissions cheating... Buc-ee’s announces mass hiring event for Huber Heights location Dayton Daily News subscribers go directly to today's ePaper. READ NOW Credit: Getty Images/iStockphoto Dry January goes fully mainstream — though ‘Damp January’ is here, too Dry January was once a niche challenge in the U.K. — a quiet pledge among a few thousand people to reset after the... Toss or keep? How to sort items when organizing Getting organized routinely tops people’s lists of New Year’s resolutions. After many months of accumulating an... Credit: Getty Images/iStockphoto New Year’s Eve trend: Quieter, calmer, cozier Sparkly dresses, champagne flutes and dance floors used to define New Year’s Eve.  Now it’s sweatpants, pizza and the... Spotlight Sign up for our newsletters Best of Dayton Community Gems In Your Prime Obituaries Puzzles & Games Read the digital edition of today's newspaper. FREE with your subscription! Food & Dining Fête at The Silos to give sneak peek tonight; grand opening coming soon Credit: Natalie Jones In 2025, more than 80 restaurants, food trucks and other hospitality businesses opened in... Watch: Basil 1791 chef makes mango grouper dish; restaurant’s menu fresh with... Dart’N Somewhere Bar & Grill is open in Dayton’s Belmont neighborhood Credit: Natalie Jones PHOTOS: First look inside The Dessert Room at the Dayton Arcade Credit: Natalie Jones Restaurants open on Christmas in Dayton and the surrounding region Vintage Dayton Unique Christmas Day front pages through the years in the Dayton Daily News Credit: FILE When the Wright brothers shocked the world, the Dayton media flubbed it Dayton’s history in flight: Inventions and milestones go well beyond the Wright brothers Credit: Lisa Powell Dozens of recipes from the 35-year history of our holiday cookie contest Latest Photo Galleries Credit: Bryant Billing PHOTOS: The best Dayton Daily News images of 2025 Credit: JEREMY MILLER PHOTOS: Bengals roll Cardinals Credit: David Jablonski PHOTOS: Our favorite sports photos of 2025 Credit: Natalie Jones PHOTOS: First look inside The Dessert Room at the Dayton Arcade Mental Health Matters ‘We got to get a handle on it’: Helping kids limit screen time Credit: Avery Kreemer Ohio lawmakers propose legislation to improve youth mental health: Kids in Crisis Credit: Jim Noelker Kids in Crisis: Five ways to improve youth mental health in the Dayton region Resources exist for those left behind from suicide In Your Prime Credit: AP YouTube TV announces major change to subscription options I don’t like the gym. Now what? How nutritional needs change with age Your travel could include Antarctica, and by way of a cruise ship Business Fête at The Silos to give sneak peek tonight; grand opening coming soon Credit: Natalie Jones In 2025, more than 80 restaurants, food trucks and other hospitality businesses opened in... Credit: Nick Graham Teardrop Steakhouse in Dayton closes after 6 months Credit: Nick Graham Former Hamilton mayor Tom Nye named Small Business Person of the Year Credit: Bill Lackey Health care in the Miami Valley: What made the news in 2025 Buc-ee’s announces mass hiring event for Huber Heights location New Carlisle bakery closed indefinitely Son of former Charlie’s Deli owners buys Moraine HVAC company Community Gems COMMUNITY GEMS: Kettering woman spreads kindness through yoga, volunteering COMMUNITY GEM: Local woman encourages young business professionals in Dayton COMMUNITY GEMS: Instructor’s class, students help young hospital patients Credit: Bryant Billing COMMUNITY GEM: Nonprofit leader spearheaded back-to-school event Path Forward 5 things to know about Intel’s new Ohio plants and workforce training efforts ‘Silicon Heartland’ construction progressing at Intel semiconductor plants that will... Credit: JIM NOELKER Intel-funded higher education alliances training people for 3,000 new jobs at... Credit: Marshall Gorby Five things to know about the Entrepreneurs’ Center Sports Credit: Steven Wright Boys basketball: CJ survives Valley View rally in 84-81 win 1h ago The new year brings new opportunities to connect with the outdoors Credit: Joseph R. Craven Archdeacon: Solomon Callaghan opens ‘his best Christmas present this year’ Credit: AP Cotton Bowl QBs Sayin and Beck have national titles as backups, now seek their own as a... Credit: David Jablonski Fordham vs. Dayton: What to know about Wednesday’s A-10 opener Credit: Steven Wright Girls basketball: Bellbrook defeats Lebanon to snap two-game losing skid H.S. Results 12/29: Coach Wyrick gets 100th victory at Fairfield Credit: JEREMY MILLER Bengals: Stewart’s first sack ‘meant the world to me’ Cookie Settings