Skip to main content
Media
Careers
Investor Relations
Research
Responsibility
Contact
Home
Skip main navigation
Deutsche Bank
Corporates/Institutions
Private Clients
Locations
Client logins
Home
What we do
Who we are
Media
What Next
Corporate Bank
flow Hall of Fame 2025:
Top 12 flow highlights
flow Hall of Fame 2025: Top 12 flow highlights
Revisit the themes that resonated most
What Next | Responsible Growth
Saving energy with networks
Saving energy with networks
Becoming more efficient – together
What Next | Responsible Growth
Sustainable student living
Sustainable student living
Come in
What Next | Responsible Growth
Sustainable building:
it’s all about
the right order
Sustainable building: it’s all about the right order
How does sustainable building work?
What Next | Responsible Growth
How climate action begins with construction, conviction and capital
How climate action begins with construction, conviction and capital
Beyond concrete
What Next | Entrepreneurial Success
Claas at the cutting edge
Claas at the cutting edge
How precision farming works
previous slide item
next slide item
Media Release  December 17, 2025
Deutsche Bank launches Wero for more simple and sovereign digital payments in Europe
News  December 11, 2025
The Digital Euro: A New Era for the European Monetary System
Media Release  November 17, 2025
Scaling the Global Hausbank: Deutsche Bank launches new phase of growth and value creation
News  November 12, 2025
„You are all my secondary witnesses. I need you to share my story.“
What next  December 18, 2025
Saving energy with networks
Smart buildings, connected infrastructure and intelligent data: Rainer Haueis from Siemens Smart Infrastructure explains how digital technology is turning buildings into autonomous actors.
flow article  December 16, 2025
ECA finance in transition: navigating risk, relevance, and reform
Once focused primarily on emerging-market trade, ECA finance is now central to infrastructure, defence, security, energy transition and industrial transformation. Meeting these strategic challenges requires closer coordination and a sustained commitment to reform, says Deutsche Bank’s Werner Schmidt in an article first published by the Berne Union
What next  December 9, 2025
Sustainable student living
Project Development company UPP is building sustainable student accommodations across the UK, limiting carbon production in the building lifecycle.
flow article  December 2, 2025
The world outlook 2026 – never a dull moment
Drawing on the Deutsche Bank Research annual next-year World Outlook, flow looks forward to a year of cautious optimism, with growth accelerated by AI adoption, clearer trade strategies, fiscal stimuli, and investment in security and infrastructure
What next  November 25, 2025
Sustainable building:
it’s all about
the right order
Housing crisis and climate change: The building sector drives CO₂ – refurbishment is key to making sustainable building a reality. Alf Meyer zur Heyde knows how.
flow article  November 24, 2025
How fintechs are reshaping payments: lessons for corporate treasury
As real-time payments, APIs, and digital assets transform how money moves, corporates have to keep up. Reporting from EuroFinance 2025, flow explores how fintech companies SumUp and Bitpanda demonstrate treasury’s power as both enabler and catalyst of this transformation
flow article  November 19, 2025
Dawn of Europe’s new trade order?
At Sibos Frankfurt 2025 improving Europe’s competitiveness in the face of rerouted supply chains and geopolitical shocks was a dominant theme in conference panel sessions. flow reports on ‘where next’ in the last of our post-event articles, and analyses how technology is helping
flow article  November 18, 2025
All change for trade
Tariffs, fragmentation, and the rise of the Global South are reshaping global trade. In a Q3 2025 Deutsche Bank Research webinar, analysts unpacked the core risks and opportunities. flow’s Will Monroe summarises the key takeaways
#ExpeditionFinance videos
#ExpeditionFinance

In these videos, Jürgen Schmitt explores the latest trends and technologies.

#ExpeditionFinance videos
Watch now
latest insights and articles
flow

Thought leadership platform for corporate clients.

latest insights and articles
Latest insights and articles
Code of Conduct of Deutsche Bank
Code of Conduct

Deutsche Bank's standards of behaviour and conduct.

Code of Conduct of Deutsche Bank
Read the Code
Strategy – Global Hausbank
Scaling the Global Hausbank

New strategic phase of growth and value creation.

Strategy – Global Hausbank
Becoming the European Champion
Sustainable & Transition Finance and ESG investments
Sustainable & Transition Finance

€900 bn target to support low-carbon transition and ecosystem conservation.

Sustainable & Transition Finance and ESG investments
Facilitating the transition
dbSustainability research covers a wide range of topics addressing the green transformation, social responsibility and governance considerations.
dbSustainability

Supporting clients with ESG integration into investment processes.

dbSustainability research covers a wide range of topics addressing the green transformation, social responsibility and governance considerations.
Latest ESG research
next slide item
Share price (EUR)
33.19
-0.11
EUR
Intraday (Xetra, Dec 29, 14:40)
Relative Change: -0.33%
High: 33.46 EUR
Low: 33.07 EUR
Financial releases, reports and calendar

Consult our financial reporting and events or read our creditor information

Graduate? Professional?

The world is changing, and so are we. This is more than banking.

Opportunities for agile minds start here

Imprint
Legal resources
Privacy Notice
Accessibility
Sitemap
Contact
back to top

Copyright © 2025 Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main

DE
Accessibility
Sitemap
Contact
Share