dblp: computer science bibliography dblp Blog Statistics Update feed dblp artifacts @ DROPS XML dump RDF dump browse Persons Conferences Journals Series Repositories search Search dblp SPARQL queries Lookup by ID about F.A.Q. Team Advisory Board License Privacy Imprint nfdi NFDI - National Research Data Infrastructure Germany consortia NFDIxCS events | mastodon NFDI4DataScience ORKG CEUR MyBinder events | mastodon | publications donate learn more donate using PayPal stop the war! Зупиніть війну! Остановите войну! solidarity - (ua) - (ru) news - (ua) - (ru) donate - donate - donate for scientists ERA4Ukraine Assistance in Germany Ukrainian Global University dblp is humbly asking you for your kind support. The dblp computer science bibliography is, and will always be, a free and non-profit service for the international computer science community, and a common good for our community. Today, the global service provided by dblp faces a strong increase in demand . However, its net budget is shrinking . There are no signs that this trend will turn around. This is why we humbly ask for your support in the form of a donation to Schloss Dagstuhl LZI. Even just a small contribution can make a difference. Thank you very much! learn more donate using PayPal Your feedback is essential – not only for improving dblp, but also for demonstrating its impact to our public funders, who rely on our community input when evaluating our work. That’s why we warmly invite you to take part in our 2025 user survey . Your insights help us understand how the community uses dblp and directly shape its future development. Thank you for contributing to dblp’s future! default search action combined dblp search author search venue search publication search ask others Google Google Scholar Semantic Scholar Internet Archive Scholar CiteSeerX ORCID Welcome to dblp Search dblp see FAQ How to use the dblp search? How to use the dblp search API? Which technology does dblp use for searching? powered by CompleteSearch , courtesy of Hannah Bast , University of Freiburg Full-text search see FAQ How to use the dblp search? How to use the dblp search API? Which technology does dblp use for searching? Dagstuhl Trier > Home Please enter a search query see FAQ for more information How to use the dblp search? Which technology does dblp use for searching the website? case-insensitive prefix search: default e.g., sig matches "SIGIR" as well as "signal" exact word search: append dollar sign ($) to word e.g., graph$ matches "graph", but not "graphics" boolean and: separate words by space e.g., codd model boolean or: connect words by pipe symbol (|) e.g., graph|network Update May 7, 2017: Please note that we had to disable the phrase search operator (.) and the boolean not operator (-) due to technical problems. For the time being, phrase search queries will yield regular prefix search result, and search terms preceded by a minus will be interpreted as regular (positive) search terms. Author search results export search results as first 1000 hits only: XML JSON JSONP no matches Venue search results export search results as first 1000 hits only: XML JSON JSONP no matches Refine list refine by author no options temporarily not available refine by venue no options temporarily not available refine by type no options temporarily not available refine by access no options temporarily not available refine by year no options temporarily not available Publication search results export search results as first 1000 hits only: XML JSON JSONP BibTeX found 8,228,359 matches skipping 8,228,359 more matches [next >>] loading more results failed to load more results, please try again later browse authors | editors A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z browse journals A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z by publisher browse conferences | workshops A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z browse series CoRR LNCS CEUR-WS LNEE IFIP LNI EPTCS LIPICS other browse monographs books & theses reference works edited collections browse data and artifacts Zenodo IEEE DataPort UCI-MLR DROPS Artifacts other dblp blog 2025-12-18: dblp is humbly asking you for your kind support [News] The dblp computer science bibliography faces a strong demand. But its net budget is shrinking. This is why we humbly ask for your kind support in the form of a donation to Schloss Dagstuhl LZI. If you value our work and want to help ensure the ongoing maintenance, improvement, and […] (read full post) 2025-09-11: Celebratory Colloquium: “2^5 years of dblp – 2^23 publications” [Press Release] For more than 32 years, the dblp computer science bibliography (https://dblp.org) has been providing the computer science community with open, quality-checked, and curated research information. Initially developed by Dr. Michael Ley at the University of Trier, dblp is today operated by Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz Center for Informatics and supports […] (read full post) 2025-07-25: 8 million publications [News] (read full post) 2024-12-02: dblp dump releases now have a DOI [Blog] [Feature Spotlight] [News] Since this December’s release, hosting the monthly dblp dump snapshots (in both XML and RDF/N-Triples format) has moved to the Dagstuhl Research Online Publication Server (DROPS). This step brings many advantages over the old Apache Directory Listings solution that dblp has been using since the mid-1990s: The DROPS digital library […] (read full post) 2024-09-09: Introducing our public SPARQL query service [Blog] [Feature Spotlight] [News] The dblp Knowledge Graph (dblp KG) is a fully semantic view on all the data and relationships that you can find in the dblp computer science bibliography. In the recent years, the dblp team has been actively working on building the dblp KG, as we already discussed in several recent […] (read full post) more blog posts About dblp The dblp computer science bibliography provides open bibliographic information on major computer science journals and proceedings.
Originally created at the University of Trier in 1993, dblp is now operated and further developed by Schloss Dagstuhl . For more information check out our F.A.Q. dblp statistics # of publications : 8,228,359 # of authors : 3,959,437 # of conferences : 6,969 # of journals : 1,882 # of records added to dblp: more statistics XML data You may download the raw dblp data in a single XML file . A simple DTD is available. The paper DBLP - Some Lessons Learned documents technical details of this XML file. In the appendix DBLP XML Requests you may find the description of a primitive dblp query API. All metadata is released as open data under CC0 1.0 license. RSS feeds dblp blog new issues and volumes Related resources ACM Digital Library IEEE Xplore | CSDL arXiv.org Semantic Scholar CiteSeerX BibSonomy INSPIRE-HEP MathSciNet PubMed RePEc zbMATH more external links Social media links manage site settings To protect your privacy, all features that rely on external API calls from your browser are turned off by default . You need to opt-in for them to become active. All settings here will be stored as cookies with your web browser. For more information see our F.A.Q. Unpaywalled article links Add open access links from to the list of external document links (if available). load links from unpaywall.org Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of unpaywall.org to load hyperlinks to open access articles. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Unpaywall privacy policy . Archived links via Wayback Machine For web page which are no longer available, try to retrieve content from the of the Internet Archive (if available). load content from archive.org Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of archive.org to check for archived content of web pages that are no longer available. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Internet Archive privacy policy . Reference lists Add a list of references from , , and to record detail pages. load references from crossref.org and opencitations.net Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the APIs of crossref.org , opencitations.net , and semanticscholar.org to load article reference information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the Crossref privacy policy and the OpenCitations privacy policy , as well as the AI2 Privacy Policy covering Semantic Scholar. Citation data Add a list of citing articles from and to record detail pages. load citations from opencitations.net Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of opencitations.net and semanticscholar.org to load citation information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the OpenCitations privacy policy as well as the AI2 Privacy Policy covering Semantic Scholar. OpenAlex data Load additional information about publications from . load data from openalex.org Privacy notice: By enabling the option above, your browser will contact the API of openalex.org to load additional information. Although we do not have any reason to believe that your call will be tracked, we do not have any control over how the remote server uses your data. So please proceed with care and consider checking the information given by OpenAlex . retrieved on 2025-12-31 02:25 CET from data curated by the dblp team all metadata released as open data under CC0 1.0 license see also: Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Imprint dblp was originally created in 1993 at: since 2018, dblp has been operated and maintained by: the dblp computer science bibliography is funded and supported by: