DCUM Weblog — DC Urban Moms and Dads Contact Privacy Policy Log in Register Navigation Home DCUM Forums Nanny Forums Events About DCUM Advertising Search Site only in current section Skip to content. | Skip to navigation Log in Login Name Password Cookies are not enabled. You must enable cookies before you
                can log in. Forgot your password? New user? Upcoming Events Into The Woods with New Year's Eve Party Workhouse Arts Center, Dec 31, 2025 Into The Woods workhouse Arts Center, Jan 02, 2026 SEEC Enrollment Tour: East Court Center National Museum of Natural History , Jan 07, 2026 Into The Woods Workhouse Arts Center, Jan 09, 2026 McLean School Open House (Lower School) McLean School: 11810 Falls Road, Potomac MD 20854, Jan 10, 2026 McLean School Open House (Kindergarten-Grade 4) McLean School 8224 Lochinver Lane Potomac MD  20854, Jan 10, 2026 McLean School Open House (Middle and Upper School) McLean School 8224 Lochinver Lane Potomac MD  20854, Jan 10, 2026 Into The Woods Workhouse Arts Center, Jan 10, 2026 Into The Woods Workhouse Arts Center, Jan 11, 2026 Fighting Ebola: 10 Years Since the West African Epidemic National Museum of Health and Medicine 2500 Linden Lane Silver Spring, Maryland 20910, Jan 11, 2026 Into The Woods Workhouse Arts Center, Jan 16, 2026 Into The Woods Workhouse Arts Center, Jan 17, 2026 Into The Woods Workhouse Arts Center, Jan 18, 2026 SEEC Enrollment Tour: Main Building Center National Museum of Natural History , Jan 20, 2026 Homefront Moms Online, Jan 20, 2026 Job & Internship Search Essentials for Students & Recent Graduates (Online) Online, Jan 21, 2026 Into The Woods Workhouse Arts Center, Jan 23, 2026 Complimentary Reading Screening for Kindergarten to Grade 3 Students McLean School: 11810 Falls Road, Potomac MD 20854, Jan 24, 2026 From Stuck to Hired: A Full-Day Job Search Reset (In-Person) DC (location to be announced), Jan 24, 2026 Into The Woods Workhouse Arts Center, Jan 24, 2026 Upcoming events… Info DCUM Weblog Trump's Health (or lack thereof) by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 31, 2025 02:14 PM Cult leader, convicted felon, and failed President Donald Trump clearly is suffering from both cognitive and physical maladies. There appears to be an organized effort to hide the truth from the public. Our president is not healthy. Nobody in an official capacity will tell you this, but it has been obvious for some time to anyone who has been paying attention. Cult leader, convicted felon, and failed President Donald Trump clearly is suffering from both cognitive and physical maladies. Republicans, who have repeatedly berated Democrats for allegedly covering up the reality of former President Joe Biden's fitness for the job, are now engaged in their own cover-up. Trump, who seems to be aware of his own mortality, is busily creating monuments to himself. That Trump is suffering from diminished mental capacity is obvious in his daily behavior. He has repeatedly engaged in abnormal activities such as late-night, unhinged posting flurries on Truth Social that have sometimes gone on for hundreds of "truths." Most recently, he spent Christmas Eve and early Christmas morning sending more than 200 "truths." Many of these are reposts of various conspiracy theories or obvious misinformation. By all appearances, Trump accepts fringe ideas posted by obscure accounts, often of foreign origin, as fact. read more... Comments: 0 A Mad King and War and Peace by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 30, 2025 08:53 PM Cult leader, convicted felon, and failed President Donald Trump routinely lies and expects the world to conform to his version of reality. He is surrounded by enablers who will rush to create facts to support Trump's claims. This is not a good state of affairs at any time, but it is especially bad when it comes to issues of war and peace. As the saying goes, "The first casualty of war is truth." All sides of a conflict have incentives to spin reality in a favorable direction. Information itself can be a weapon, and deception is an effective tactic. But the issue of "truth" has become even more complicated during the second term of cult leader, convicted felon, and failed President Donald Trump. Trump lies as frequently as he breathes, and it is never clear whether he actually believes the falsehoods emanating from his mouth or if, instead, he is knowingly spreading misinformation. This is true across the board, regardless of the topic. But the gulf between reality and what Trump claims the facts to be is probably never wider than it is on issues related to war and peace. One of Trump's most effective campaign promises was to end "forever wars" and to avoid new ones. In his inaugural address, he said, "We will measure our success not only by the battles we win, but also by the wars that we end, and perhaps most importantly, the wars we never get into." Instead of wasting blood and treasure on foreign wars, U.S. resources would be used to improve American lives. But in the first year of his second administration, Trump has largely abandoned that promise. He has eagerly engaged in multiple conflicts around the world. But, true to form, Trump has mostly lied about them. read more... Comments: 0 The Capitol Hill Pipe Bomb Case by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 29, 2025 12:32 PM In a memorandum filed yesterday, the government provided more details about its case against Brian Cole, who has been accused of planting pipe bombs at the RNC and DNC headquarters. On December 4, authorities arrested Brian J. Cole, Jr. and charged him with planting the two pipe bombs discovered near the headquarters of the Republican National Committee (RNC) and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) on January 6, 2021. Cole has been held in custody since that time, and a hearing is scheduled for tomorrow to consider the government's request that Cole continue to be detained pending trial. The government has sought to postpone the hearing, something that Cole's lawyers have opposed, so whether tomorrow's hearing will be held as scheduled remains to be seen. However, yesterday the government released a memorandum supporting its motion for pretrail detainment. The document has quite a bit of information about Cole's actions and motivation for planting the explosive devices. read more... Comments: 0 Islamophobia and the Brown University and MIT Shootings by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 28, 2025 03:50 PM Online personalities spread false accusations that the shooting at Brown University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology were antisemitic attacks and blamed Muslims. They turned out to be completely wrong. Next week I will not be writing as I will take some time off for rest and relaxation and to enjoy the holidays with my family. So this will be my last post for a week or so. There is an expression that "you should never let a crisis go to waste." Two recent shootings show that pro-Israel Islamophobes are ardent practitioners of this advice. With scant evidence, almost all of which turned out to be wrong, online influencers and even the Israeli government sought exploit recent shootings to portray the events as antisemitic attacks possibly linked to Iran. In the end, they turned out to be completely wrong. Not quite a week ago, a gunman burst into a study hall at Brown University and opened fire on students who were preparing for final exams. He killed two students and wounded nine others. Two days later, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology was also shot and killed. Supporters of Israel and many Islamophobic influencers online immediately attempted to portray these shootings as acts of antisemitism. In the case of Brown, online personalities such as all-around crazy person Laura Loomer pointed out that the professor of the class that was targeted is Jewish. However, that professor was not at the study session during which the shooting took place. Loomer and others then claimed that the MIT professor was both Jewish and an outspoken critic of Hamas. The anti-Hamas claim was based on a Threads post that was wrongly attributed to the professor and friends of his denied that he was Jewish or ever talked about Israel or Hamas. Early on, there were reports that when the gunman entered the study hall, he had yelled something. However, whatever that may have been — or if it occurred at all — was never clarified. Loomer, without evidence, claimed that the shooter had yelled "Allahu Akbar" and that authorities were covering it up. read more... Comments: 3 JD Vance and His X Followers by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 19, 2025 10:48 AM Vice President and Reply Guy JD Vance has ensconced himself in a right-wing bubble on X, where he follows a motley bunch of eugenicists, conspiracy theorists, and Nazi-adjacent personalities. In October, I wrote a blog post about Vice President and reply guy JD Vance in which I described how almost everything about Vance is fake. He is not and never has been a hillbilly, "JD Vance" is either the third or fourth iteration of his name depending on how you count, and he was originally a Trump opponent (once even referring to Trump as "America's Hitler") before transitioning into a MAGA supporter of Trump. In that post, I dubbed Vance a "reply guy," which is "an internet slang term for someone who excessively responds to social media posts, often in an annoying, condescending, or overly familiar or flirtatious manner." Vance may, thankfully, avoid the flirtatious manner characteristic, but the rest fits him to a T. Vance so thoroughly represents someone who is deeply embedded in a social media bubble that I wondered what his social media influences might be. I then looked through the accounts that he follows. The result, let's say, was not surprising. Vance almost exclusively follows far-right accounts, some of which are very troubling. read more... Comments: 1 Trump Announces an Act of War by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 20, 2025 01:55 PM Cult leader, convicted felon, and failed President Donald Trump has announced a blockade of Venezuelan oil shipments. This is an act of war that has not been authorized by Congress. Trump, who has ruled as a lawless king at home, now wishes to be a lawless emperor abroad. On May 22, 1967, then Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser announced a blockade of the Straits of Tiran, which provides entry to the Gulf of Aqaba and passage to the Israeli port of Eilat. Two weeks later, the Israelis launched air strikes against Egypt, initiating the Six-Day War. After the war, U.S. President Lyndon Johnson would say : If a single act of folly was more responsible for this explosion than any other, it was the arbitrary and dangerous announced decision that the Straits of Tiran would be closed. The right of innocent, maritime passage must be preserved for all nations. In March of this year, cult leader, convicted felon, and failed President Donald Trump authorized the bombing of Houthi targets in Yemen. The Houthis had been disrupting shipping in the Red Sea in solidarity with the Palestinians of Gaza. In a Signal chat that included The Atlantic editor Jeffrey Goldberg, U.S. Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth wrote that "Restoring Freedom of Navigation, a core national interest" was one of two justifications for the attacks (the second was the reestablishment of deterrence). read more... Comments: 1 The Threat to DC Urban Moms and Dads by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 17, 2025 08:10 AM Democrats have recently joined with Republicans in an effort to repeal Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Such a repeal would force DC Urban Moms and Dads and a great many other websites to close. In short, a repeal would likely change the Internet as we know it. Republicans have long championed legislation that would make it impossible for websites such as DC Urban Moms and Dads to continue operating. That the Republican Party is currently dominated by autocrats that want complete control of society, including Internet services, should not be news to anyone. However, Democrats are now joining the effort. Democrats have recently come out in strong support of the repeal of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. This law currently protects small websites like ours, and without it, we would face unacceptable legal exposure. The Communications Decency Act of 1996 was actually an attempt by Congress to regulate certain content on the Internet. However, a year after passage, the bulk of the law was overturned by the United States Supreme Court on the grounds that it violated the First Amendment. The Court left one section intact. That was Section 230, which remains in effect. The key provision of the statute is Section (c)(1), which says: read more... Comments: 9 Antisemitism and Islamophobia by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 16, 2025 09:37 AM Antisemitism and Islamophobia are two sides of the same coin. Those who oppose one are often guilty of the other. Both deserve to be condemned equally. Yesterday we woke up to news of a horrific massacre in Australia. Members of the Jewish community were celebrating "Hannukah by the Sea" on the famous Bondi Beach when two gunmen — apparently a father and son who were allegedly associated with the Islamic State — opened fire, killing at least 15. This was antisemitism in its rawest form. The celebration was targeted solely because its participants were Jewish. There is no explanation or justification that can change that fact. This was not an attack targeting individuals, but rather members of a group based on the assumption that their being Jewish was enough to legitimize their murder. Such thinking should be condemned. Indeed, many condemned it, often with tremendous but understandable anger. However, there were also some whose reaction was to engage in thinking that was very similar to that of the killers. However, their categorical presumption of guilt was targeted at Muslims. read more... Comments: 2 Kilmar Abrego Garcia Released but Faces New Legal Hurdles by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 14, 2025 09:33 PM A federal judge ordered Kilmar Abrego Garcia to be released from detention yesterday, but overnight an immigration judge took the legally questionable step of modifying a 2019 order to create a new risk of deportation for the Maryland father. I last wrote about Kilmar Ábrego García in August . At that time, the administration of cult leader, convicted felon, and failed President Donald Trump was attempting to deport Ábrego to Uganda. In the final paragraph of that post, I mentioned that Ábrego's lawyers had filed a writ of habeas corpus in federal court. Yesterday, United States District Judge Paula Xinis issued an opinion in the matter. Not to put too fine a point on things, but it was a doozy. Xinis found that Ábrego, who at the time was in federal custody, was being unlawfully held, and she ordered his immediate release. As a result, Ábrego was released from custody last night. However, the Trump administration is not finished with its persecution of this man and late yesterday engaged in some highly irregular and potentially unlawful behavior that threatened Ábrego's freedom. read more... Comments: 2 The MAGA Civil War by Jeff Steele — last modified Dec 17, 2025 09:30 PM MAGA personalities are fighting in a manner that would be fitting for "Game of Thrones," with shifting alliances and plots within plots. MAGAland is extremely fractured these days, with different MAGA personalities fighting with each other and splits emerging within the movement. The fissures result from two vacuums within the MAGA coalition, one that is frequently exaggerated and one that is generally underestimated. The exaggerated vacuum is that caused by the assassination of Charlie Kirk. While Kirk was popular on the right and had a high profile, he simply did not have the importance with which he has been attributed in the lionization that has occurred since his murder. Nevertheless, he did lead a credible and well-funded organization, and there is now strong competition to seize, if not his actual mantle, at least the glorified version of it. The underestimated vacuum is one caused by cult leader, convicted felon, and failed President Donald Trump’s transition from a populist grassroots leader to a corporatist autocrat who has abandoned much of MAGA orthodoxy. read more... Comments: 6 Next
        10
        items
      
      » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 99 Copyright © 2007 DC Urban Moms & Dads Site content may not be used for any purpose without explicit permission. Powered by Plone & Python