DD-WRT HOME DOWNLOADS SHOP ACTIVATION CENTER Professional Support Community Contact Customization Services Get Your Own DD-WRT version DD-WRT Shop Professional Soft- & Hardware Activation Center Access & Manage Your Licenses Router Database Check Router Support & Downloads Documentation Learn How To Setup & Configure FAQ Get Answers For Common Issues Forum Meet Other DD-WRT Users Wiki Get More Information About DD-WRT Donations Ways To Support The Project About DD-WRT is a Linux based alternative OpenSource firmware suitable for a great variety of WLAN routers and embedded systems. The main emphasis lies on providing the easiest possible handling while at the same time supporting a great number of functionalities within the framework of the respective hardware platform used. » Read More Recent News New dd-wrt@ online demo September 12, 2022 We did update the online demo of dd-wrt® to the latest and greatest version at https://forum.dd-wrt.com/demo/ . This is a great opportunity for everybody wanting to try out dd-wrt@ – for both newbies and also long term users. » Read More 50’000 dd-wrt® builds reached! August 30, 2022 More of a fun fact – but today we did pass the mark of 50’000 build runs on our main dd-wrt® build servers. Every day new builds are being produced containing latest improvements and fixes to dd-wrt®. » Read More Home Office with VPN and DD-WRT February 3, 2021 Most countries are applying lock downs to get the current pandemic under control. As a result many companies sent their employees to the home office to reduce the contacts as well. DD-WRT ® ‘s VPN capabilities can help keeping working from home safe. » Read More DD-WRT Website Migration Completed June 26, 2018 With porting the router database to the new platform the migration of the DD-WRT website is finished. Thanks to everybody working on this and also to the DD-WRT users for their patience. Latest DD-WRT Releases To obtain the matching version for your router please use the Router Database: » Router Database Copyright © 2025 embeDD GmbH Imprint Privacy Policy We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok No Privacy Policy