JUMP TO MAIN CONTENT
JUMP TO NAVIGATION
JUMP TO SEARCH
Domestic or International
Library
Staff
Current students
Alumni
My Courses
0
CONTACT US
Study
Student life and services
International students
Research
Partnerships and engagement
About Deakin
Deakin University
Secure your place

Accept your offer to study at the #1 Victorian uni for graduate employment.​

GET STARTED

Join our live webinar series​

Get the study answers you need to help shape your future.

FIND OUT MORE

Discover our campuses

It’s where we foster innovation, learning and community.​

EXPLORE NOW

 Pause banner slideshow
Search
Search
undergraduate courses
postgraduate courses
Domestic
International
Why Deakin
Study areas
Alumni
Courses
Research
Partnerships
Why Deakin
Study areas
Alumni
Courses
Research
Partnerships
Your Deakin journey starts here
Looking for your first degree?
Coming to Australia to study?
Upskill via postgraduate study?
Need flexible study options?
Interested in our research?
Looking for financial support?
University Charter

Deakin is driven by a spirit of curiosity and optimism, a place where ideas thrive, innovation flourishes and dreams take flight.

As a socially caring university, we are unwavering in our commitment to excellence in education and research that drives lasting impact for our students and our communities.

Together, we make the wonderful possible.

Iain Martin, Vice-Chancellor

Just completed Year 12?
Learn about the transition to uni
Find a course by ATAR
Delve into student life at Deakin
Discover our access programs
#1 Victorian uni for graduate employment

Work experience. Career advice. Our grads get the jobs they want. 

EXPLORE
#1 Victorian uni
for course satisfaction
#1 Victorian uni
for student support
#1 Victorian uni
for facilities and resources

Sources

‘The support and inclusiveness at Deakin stand out as a student.’

Laura, Biomedical science and laws student

Our Deakin stories
AI is here to stay. Find out how our teachers are using it to empower Australian classrooms.
Ever wondered where the government gets its money? Deakin's Three Minute Thesis winner Matt Crocker knows.
The power to influence – we've launched a new double degree that is a perfect fit for the times.
Celebrating 50 years: Changing the world since 1974 through progressive education and research.
The Dawn Wade Foundation Scholarship is empowering regional and first-in family university students.
Our Indigenous Strategy reinforces our commitment to First Nations staff, students and communities.
AI is here to stay. Find out how our teachers are using it to empower Australian classrooms.
Ever wondered where the government gets its money? Deakin's Three Minute Thesis winner Matt Crocker knows.
The power to influence – we've launched a new double degree that is a perfect fit for the times.
Celebrating 50 years: Changing the world since 1974 through progressive education and research.
The Dawn Wade Foundation Scholarship is empowering regional and first-in family university students.
Our Indigenous Strategy reinforces our commitment to First Nations staff, students and communities.
What's happening at Deakin?
News and media hub
Get the latest Deakin news.
Events
Find out what's on at Deakin.
Study, research and career stories
Get your daily dose of inspiration.
Got a question?
Visit our help hub or contact us for more info.

We embrace and respect diversity

We protect the future through responsible actions 

We innovate and solve problems creatively

We strive for excellence in all we do

We make bold decisions and take responsibility

We act with integrity and high standards

We use cookies to improve your experience. You consent to the use of our cookies if you proceed. Visit our Privacy policy for more information.

OK
Contact us
Current students
Future local students
Future international students
Research students
Study at Deakin
Find a course by ATAR
Undergraduate courses
Postgraduate courses
Start an application
Need help?
Frequently asked questions
Contact us
Enquire online
Student support services
Research at Deakin
Research degrees
Find a research supervisor
Research facilities
Research news
Top searches
Scholarships
Course guides
How to apply
Career stories
Engagement at Deakin
Partnership enquiry
Event services
Donate
News and media

Deakin University is known for strong outcomes in graduate employment, course satisfaction, student support and quality facilities.  Explore our rankings. 

We acknowledge the Traditional Custodians of the unceded lands and waterways on which Deakin University does business. We pay our deep respect to the Ancestors and Elders of Wadawurrung Country, Eastern Maar Country and Wurundjeri Country where our physical campuses are located. We also acknowledge all First Nations Peoples that make contributions to our learning communities. Find out how we support Indigenous inclusion at Deakin.

Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
TikTok
YouTube
WeChat - Deakin University
Sitemap
Copyright
Privacy
Accessibility
Disclaimer
Safety and security

© Copyright Deakin University 2024. Deakin University CRICOS Provider Code: 00113B. TEQSA Provider ID PRV12124