Skip to content
Client Login
Careers
Client Login
Careers
Book a Demo
  
ONE Platform
Overview
New Enhancements
Payments
Mobile Customer Solutions
Integrations
Marketing & BDC Solutions
Total Service Marketing
Blueprint BDC
Service BDC
Sales BDC
Recruiting for BDC
Proven Results
Dealer Excellence Award
Company
About Us
Blog
Careers
Testimonials
Book A Demo
ONE Platform
Integrations
Marketing & BDC Solutions
Company
Testimonials
Book A Demo
Dealer-FX – Advanced Fixed Ops SoftwareErnest Razal2025-12-12T15:40:41-05:00
Premium Fixed Ops Solutions:
Innovative. Integrated. Complete.
CONNECT WITH US
Introducing dramatic NEW enhancements to ONE Platform service lane software!

The best service lane software solution in the industry continues to get better! New advancements to ONE Platform now transform your daily operations
by streamlining workflows, easing decision-making and empowering staff expertise. All designed to grow & adapt with your dealership.

An intuitive graphic interface with start-to-finish tracking

Centralized command center hosting all critical functions

Reduced repetitive clicks, manual steps & duplicate data entry

Superior DMS integration with bi-directional data flow

Digital MPI with customizable templates & expanded media

Responsive design across desktop, tablet, or mobile

EXPLORE IN DETAIL

Dealer-FX Advantage:
Your integrated 360° service lane software solution.

ONE Platform Software

The one true end-to-end service lane software, covering the entire customer journey, from scheduling to checkout to CRM.

Support & Training

With our Fixed Operations Consultants in the field, a dedicated expert is always just a simple call, email or text away.

Customer Retention

Complementary programs proven to improve customer experience and long-term retention: Blueprint BDC Consulting and Total Service Marketing.

Mitchell 1 ProDemand

Empower technicians with
Mitchell 1 ProDemand, the premier repair information, diagnostic and estimating online resource.

Electronic Parts Catalog

Electronic Parts Catalog offers unmatched parts information to manage inventory, order fluidly & quicken cycle times.

Snap-on Ownership

The most profound and lasting legacy of innovation in automotive fuels consistent new development of features and functionality.

The one true end-to-end process efficiency software solution.

ONE Platform is premium, fully integrated, end-to-end service lane software that links all your data and all your people to digitally guide every customer’s entire service experience – from initial scheduling to final checkout.

Furthermore, enhanced digital tools consistently innovate to elevate your department’s connectivity and collaboration to create happy customers. The result? Higher quality outcomes that drive long-term retention and revenues.

Strategic value-adds, like exclusive Snap-on Electronic Parts Catalog 5 and Mitchell 1 ProDemand, make ONE Platform even more feature-rich. Moreover, it’s backed by our Fixed Operations Consultants in the field, we’re always accessible to ensure consistent ROI.

THE FULL STORY
Proven customer retention programs
that drive repeat sales and service business.

Generate perfectly timed, highly personalized communication campaigns. All proactively managed by a team of digital marketing experts and custom design studio.

LEARN MORE>>

BDC Consulting & Training
Build. Maximize. Maintain. From Recruitment to Sales to Service, we optimize personnel, processes and technology to close more appointments.

LEARN MORE >>

Two industry leaders.
One commitment to innovation

Dealer-FX is a valued member of the Snap-on family of brands. whose culture of innovation dates back over 100 years.

Unlike our competitors, alignment with Snap-on accelerates our ability to continually launch new service lane software advancements. It’s visible in our expanding ONE Platform value proposition. It’s reflected in the trust of OEMs and thousands of dealerships. It’s supported by unrivalled expertise and financial strength.

Only Dealer-FX offers exclusive integration with Electronic Parts Catalog (EPC5) and Mitchell 1 ProDemand, essential tools preferred by over 50,000 dealers worldwide.

Read more

I am the Service Manager at Lawley CDJR in Sierra Vista, AZ. A few months back I started the process of getting WiAdvisor going for my service team and I have been pleasantly surprised with how smooth of a transition it has been. The onboarding team has been spectacular.

I was fortunate enough to be linked up with Joel Benjamine and Vichi To as our Process Consultants and they have blown us away.

Richie Allen
Excellent tool for service and even better support!

This team will go the extra mile to make things happen and they have a fabulous marketing department!

Juan Millan

I have been working with WiAdvisor for years now and let me tell you it definitely makes the shop flow much easier to manage.

I’ve worked with Tony Novack specifically, for 6 years now him and his team are always there to support us in any way we need. Amazing working with them!

Jose Gomez

Dealer-FX is a great company to work alongside with. The staff is very responsive and helpful.

Henry Bacon

Dealer-FX is a game changer for the automotive industry. Not only is the workspace user friendly but it also provides the needed transparency to our customers.

Dealer-FX meets and exceeds my expectations. Lastly- the trainers and support team are hands down the best ever. Thank you to Matt Wilde, Eric Wright, Stephen Brown and all others.

Jessica Bier

What a fantastic experience, Dealer-Fx is next level software that helps keep all the pieces moving in the service and parts department. Not only is the software fantastic, the training staff and all dealer-fx staff is second to none.

They are top shelf and always make sure the setup process is smooth and flawless. Vichi and Alex are both great with communication and always answered every questions our team had.

Overall the experience was amazing and if I could give this team, especially the trainers a 10 star review I 100% would do that. Keep up the great work guys and I can’t wait to see what dealer-fx comes out with next.

Jon Misir

I use dealer-FX Workspace daily, makes up selling scheduled maintenance 10 times easier, it can actually show on the paycheck, highly recommend for any repair facility that’s large enough to support it.

Shane Holly
The most complete
& comprehensive service
lane software solution.
Service lane software focused on your success. Starting now.

What’s New in Service Lane Software

Training Unlocks Dealership BDC Revenue Gains
Training Unlocks Dealership BDC Revenue Gains
Training Unlocks Dealership BDC Revenue Gains

September 30th, 2025|

Cost-Effective Training Unlocks Dealership BDC Revenue ...

Read More
Providing digital and mobile payment options is no longer optional
Providing digital and mobile payment options is no longer optional
Providing digital and mobile payment options is no longer optional

August 6th, 2024|

Providing digital & mobile payment options ...

Read More
What’s hurting dealerships more? Lack of technicians? Or lack of determination to avert the crisis?
What’s hurting dealerships more? Lack of technicians? Or lack of determination to avert the crisis?
What’s hurting dealerships more? Lack of technicians? Or lack of determination to avert the crisis?

March 11th, 2024|

What’s hurting dealerships more? Lack of ...

Read More
CONTACT US

Client Login
Client Support

 

GLOBAL HEADQUARTERS

Dealer-FX North America Group Inc.
150 Commerce Valley Drive West, Suite 900, Markham, Ontario
L3T 7Z3
Phone: (877) 493-0039

SOLUTIONS & SERVICES

ONE Platform
Total Service Marketing
Blueprint
Payments
Mobile Customer Solutions

 

COMPANY & INSIGHTS

About Us
Blog
Partners
Careers
Contact Us

IMPORTANT LINKS

Privacy Policy
Política de Privacidad
Politique en Matière de vie Privée
Accessibility
CCPA
Report Against Forced Labour

Follow Us

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube

© 2025 Dealer-FX®. All rights reserved.
FacebookLinkedInTwitterInstagram
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Recent Posts
Training Unlocks Dealership BDC Revenue Gains
Providing digital and mobile payment options is no longer optional
What’s hurting dealerships more? Lack of technicians? Or lack of determination to avert the crisis?
BDC Managers: What separates the best…from the rest.
BDC Evaluation: The cure for performance anxiety.
Find us on Facebook
Page load link
We've updated our Terms of Service Ok
Go to Top