DebugBear
Product
Real-User Monitoring (RUM)
Understand visitor experiences
Synthetic Monitoring
Analysis and recommendations
Interactive Demo
Try DebugBear without signing up
Watch Video
Two-minute walkthrough
Book a Call
Get your questions answered
Why DebugBear?
Marketing & Technical SEO
Rank higher in Google
Software Developers
In-depth analysis and API access
Digital Agencies
Keep client websites fast
Ecommerce Stores
Increase conversion rates
Enterprise
Large accounts + compliance
Case Studies
How our customers succeed
Why Site Speed Matters
Benefits of a fast website
Why Use DebugBear?
Find out how we're different
Blog
Docs
Pricing
Log In
Start Free Trial
Monitor Page Speed and Core Web Vitals
Optimize web performance to improve user experience and Google rankings.
Scheduled Lab Tests
Google CrUX Data
Real User Monitoring
➔ Start Free Trial
”We've updated around 15,000 pages and saw some nice gains from it. "Good URLs" and their impressions have increased 3x since implementation.“
Rafayel Begoyan
Senior SEO Specialist
”DebugBear has been an eye opener for us and has really shown what's causing the Core Web Vitals issues on our website.
Mandip Ahdan
Head of Engineering
Trusted By Hundreds Of Happy Customers
Be faster than your competition
1. Identify slow pages

Discover where visitors have poor experiences, with real user analytics or our website scan.

2. Diagnose performance bottlenecks

Fix performance issues with detailed technical reporting.

3. Monitor page speed continuously

Confirm your optimizations are working and get alerted if performance gets worse.

Comprehensive website performance monitoring
Synthetic monitoring

Run scheduled lab tests and keep track of Google Lighthouse scores.

Real user monitoring (RUM)

Track actual user experience across your website in real time.

Google CrUX data

Monitor visitor data from Google's Chrome User Experience Report (CrUX).

Identify web performance issues
Measure visitor experience across your website

Real user monitoring provides real-time insights into how fast your website is and where you need to optimize.

Set up scheduled tests

Continuously run synthetic tests for deeper insights and alerting.

Find slow pages

Check pages that fail the Core Web Vitals assessment, impacting SEO.

Optimize Core Web Vitals
Understand visitor experience

Learn how your website loads for visitors and how that impacts your Core Web Vitals scores.

Detailed performance recommendations

DebugBear automatically identifies problems on your website and highlights the data you need to fix them.

Run site speed experiments

See the impact of performance optimizations without deploying changes to your website.

In-depth technical analysis
Network request waterfall

Get a detailed report on what's happening on your website. Easily correlate network activity with CPU tasks and rendering progress.

View relevant debug data

When inspecting a performance metric you get a filtered view of the test result highlighting what is impacting the specific metric.

Learn how to improve your website performance
Improve slow interactions
Fix Interaction to Next Paint (INP) Scores

INP is one of the Core Web Vitals metrics that impact SEO. It measures how quickly your website responds to user input.

See what page elements cause slow interactions

DebugBear tracks how often different page elements cause slow interactions. You can also see what led up to the user interaction.

Identify scripts responsible for poor performance

View what specific code is delaying user input, and why this code is running.

Catch and fix regressions
Automatic change notifications

Added a new render-blocking script? Uploaded a 5 MB image? Got a slow server response?

Use our zero-config automatic alerts, or set custom thresholds.

Compare test results

Want to know why your site got slower? Use our in-depth before and after comparison to see exactly what changed.

Communicate with clients and your team
Video export

Demonstrate how visitors experience your website. Generate a side-by-side view with a competitor. Or share a before and after video showing the impact of your work.

Chart annotations

Deployed a new version or added a new third-party? Mark this in your charts to clearly see the performance impact.

Share page speed data

Share test results with a unique link or by exporting data as PDF or CSV. Invite team members and clients to collaborate.

Benchmark within your industry
See how you stack up

Compare your website performance to the competition based on real visitor data by Google.

View long-term trends

Monitor progress over time and see if you're pulling ahead.

Extra insight and segmentation

Explore desktop and mobile data and check additional metrics beyond the Core Web Vitals.

Hear from our users
”The most actionable-info packed page speed visualization available. DebugBear provides unique features that are crucial to debugging complex issues, like request-chain visualization."
Robin Marx
Web Protocol and Performance Expert
”The reporting data is very helpful in pinpointing what causes site speed issues – immediately actionable. It's well above and beyond the info you get from Lighthouse and the performance tests through Chrome.“
Loren McDonald
IT Director
”DebugBear delivers the best stats for before and after changes in exquisite detail. It also shows clear and easy to find data for Google's Web Vitals.
Tony Cosentino
Owner at The WP Guy
”DebugBear's alerts are our early warning system. They catch new scripts that could slow us down before they become a problem.”
Ryan Sullivan
Chief of Staff at SiteCare
”We've used several performance monitoring tools, but DebugBear is our favourite because of its clarity, reliability, and attention to Core Web Vitals . We can easily find synthetic testing and real-user data in one place.
Paul Terry
Head of SEO at Paramount Digital
Get set up in minutes.
No credit card required.
Start Free Trial
Book A Demo
Product
Documentation
Blog
Changelog
Pricing
Integrations
Features
Core Web Vitals Monitoring
Synthetic Website Monitoring
Real User Monitoring
Lighthouse Score Monitoring
Tools
Website Speed Test
HTML Size Analyzer
TTFB Test
SEO Checker
INP Debugger
All Tools
Web Performance
Core Web Vitals
Web Performance Metrics
Improve Website Performance
Legal
Trust Center
Terms of Service
Data Processing Agreement
Security
Procurement
Sales
Contact Sales
Enterprise
Support
Email
Contact
Partners & Consulting
Website
Homepage
Case Studies
About Us
Status
© 2025 DebugBear Ltd