Deca Live Operations GmbH Home About Live Ops Case Study Career Games Contact Support  Breathing New Life into Old Games We believe in the games we take over and reinvigorate them to last
              for the long haul. Who we are Games as a Service Indie Publisher DECA Games is an indie publisher completely focused on live
              operations and games as a service We take over and reinvigorate
              games as they age or when their original developer can no longer
              support them. Experts Our team has worked on games that have topped the charts, won
              awards, and grossed hundreds of millions of dollars across PC,
              browser, and mobile platforms. We’ve also epically failed too many
              times to count. The vast experience of our team and our unique
              methodology is what sets us apart. Community Our success depends on providing the loyal fans of our games a
              continual cycle of entertainment and excitement that creates a
              unique experience they can find nowhere else. Trusted We believe games can last decades and we built our company and its
              approach around that belief. We treat your game and players with
              respect and you can be sure they will be in good hands with us. History DECA was founded by Ken Go, who was the executive producer for
              Kingdoms of Camelot and built the live operations teams for
              Kabam’s studios before establishing and managing their European
              publishing office in Berlin. What’s in our secret sauce? Live Operations We are the best in the industry at live operations of free to play
            games. It’s what we’ve been built for and that is our entire
            business. We take a unique long term integrated approach to our games. We take
            on games with strong loyal communities on browser, mobile, and PC
            platforms. Understanding Players Players are not only customers but also fans. We listen to what
                our fans want and keep them constantly up to date with what we
                are working on. We create a bond with the fans of the game that
                fosters trust and understanding. Expert Analysis We couple our vast experience in free to play design and
                operations with data analysis to find new opportunities to grow
                and improve the game. We come to understand what’s working and
                what is not to inform how we manage the game. Flexible Development 5 year old spaghetti code base with no documentation? It’s all
                good. We’ve worked on projects making millions a month with
                infrastructure held together with duct tape. We’ve seen it all
                and know how to prevent issues and respond to all situations. We
                tame the chaos to ensure there are regular content updates,
                bug-fixes and balancing changes. Live Events We all know events are a key piece to long term retention and
                improved engagement. But no one else understands as well as we
                do how to incorporate events and promotions with content and a
                game’s core loops. Case Study Find out what goes into our successful approach to live operations How we doubled DAU on Realm of the Mad God Realm of the Mad God is a beloved indie browser game. Find out
                how we re-energized its loyal fans and doubled its DAU, 6 years
                after launch without marketing spend. Read More Career Come work with us Do you have what we are looking for? Humble Rockstars and ninja’s are nice, but we expect our team to be
                  humble. Loves a challenge We are looking for people who like to be challenged and find
                  excitement in solving problems big and small. Takes Ownership We expect all employees to take ownership for their work, the
                  success of the their projects, and for taking part in making
                  the company successful and a great place to work. Everyone
                  should feel a sense of responsibility to do the right thing to
                  help the company. Smarter not harder We believe in working smarter instead of harder. By looking
                  ahead and avoiding pitfalls we avoid mistakes and wasted
                  effort to create a direct path to our goals. Selfless You seek what’s best for DECA rather than what is best for
                  yourself or group. You take the time to help colleagues and
                  the community. Openness You are open to and actively seek to digest other’s opinions
                  to make significant decisions. You actively debate approach
                  and decisions. You challenge what does not make sense, but
                  also accept that there can be differing opinions. What do we believe in? Small smart teams trump big organizations. Limit hierarchy. You should find something challenging and interesting in work. Fun comes when we learn and succeed together. Trusting our employees. We trust them to do what they think is
                  best and to do what’s right for the company. Flexible hours and locations as long as the projects don’t
                  suffer. Every employee should feel like they have impact on their
                  product and team. Open Positions Live Games Strong Communities allow us to work on great Games Realm of the Mad God  Visit Website Action MMORPG Realm of the Mad God is the first ever free to play Bullet
                      Hell MMO. Team up with dozens of players and battle
                      through the Realm of the Mad God, Oryx. With a retro 8-bit
                      style, Realm is an evolution of traditional MMO gameplay.
                      More than 15 classes and hundreds of items to discover
                      means Realm is easy to play but difficult to master. Get started Knights & Dragons Action PVP The Dark Prince has unleashed his savage beasts on the
                      land, and only the most elite knights can rise to
                      challenge them. Build your team of heroes and recruit
                      online players to battle monsters in the ultimate fighting
                      force! Clash with legendary beasts in deadly, fast-paced
                      combat, and loot rare treasures to fuse mighty weapons and
                      impenetrable armor! Zombie Catchers  Visit Website Action Adventure Zombie Catchers is a casual action adventure game in a
                      futuristic world riddled by a zombie invasion! But we’re
                      in luck! A.J. and Bud, two intergalactic businessmen, have
                      decided to build a business empire! They plan to hunt all
                      the zombies and make Earth safe once more - while also
                      making a handsome profit selling Zombie juice. DragonVale Park Simulator Discover the most popular dragon collecting game in the
                      world! Can you hatch them all? Your dragon-filled fantasy
                      park awaits in DragonVale! Breed, hatch, and raise over
                      500 different mythical dragons. If you’ve got dragon
                      mania, DragonVale is the game for you! Almost a Hero  Visit Website Idle RPG A bunch of deeply unique and deeply flawed individuals
                      have been chosen for greatness. Heroic, noble,
                      enlightened... Just 3 of the many words they can’t spell.
                      Combine them seemingly cleverly to beat endless waves of
                      enemies in multiple modes - find your own way of hoping to
                      make good use of them only to be taught otherwise
                      painfully. Gods & Glory  Visit Website RPG Action MMO Strategy Dive into the heat of battle with your heroes, conquer new
                      lands for valuable resources, build a sprawling capital
                      and harness the power of the gods… these are only some of
                      the exciting adventures that await you in Gods & Glory! Robbery Bob Action Stealth Adventure Introducing the Man of Steal…Play as Bob, the hapless
                      burglar intent on changing his ways. Unfortunately for
                      Bob, however, he's going to be forced into a few final
                      jobs before he's allowed out of the criminal life. Robbery Bob 2 Action Stealth Adventure Luckless burglar Bob is up to his old tricks again in
                      Robbery Bob 2 - Double Trouble.Sneak around security
                      guards, past patrolling pensioners and evade cunning traps
                      as you try to get your sticky mitts on as much loot as
                      possible. Castle Age HD Fantasy RPG Begin your adventure in pursuit of these thieving orcs and
                      unravel a demonic plot to destroy the world! Band together
                      with your Allies and collect powerful weapons and magic.
                      Lead an army of Knights, Elves, Wizards, and Dragons to
                      conquer your enemies and thwart the nefarious demon
                      Mephistopheles. Elves vs. Dwarves Strategy Gather friends to form powerful Alliances and make your
                      way to the top of the leaderboards. Play as an Elf or
                      Dwarf as you join heroes to build your empire and dominate
                      the realm. Dragons of Atlantis Strategy Raise and train a legendary army of Dragons as you build
                      an epic Kingdom to rule the skies of Atlantis! Battle
                      against millions of players online and conquer the ancient
                      realm of Atlantis! Heroes of Camelot RPG Multiplayer Battle Card Game Battle for survival and reclaim your land's power by
                      assembling, evolving, and enhancing hundreds of powerful
                      heroes. Each hero represents a card endowed with distinct
                      abilities and powers. Progress through ten Arthurian lands
                      discover the rarest cards in Camelot. Kingdoms of Camelot: Battle Strategy Drust mac Erp and his savage Picts have overrun Northern
                      Britain. King Lot of Lothian is dead. His widowed queen,
                      Morgause, appeals to her half-brother Arthur for help.
                      It’s up to you to answer Arthur’s call and save the
                      Kingdom! Underworld Empire Social Crime MMO Choose your allegiances to the different criminal empires:
                      the diabolical CARTEL, the sinister SYNDICATE, the
                      ruthless MAFIA, or the battle-tested STREET GANGS! Call me a Legend RPG Simulation Become a Legend in the game, which enables you to get rich
                      and gain power! But beware of waves of zombies, because
                      they are lurking behind every corner! Call me a Gangsta RPG Simulation Execute epic heists, build your underground empire and
                      become the notorious cold-blooded criminal in the city
                      rife with corruption and ruthlessness! Celtic Heroes 3D MMORPG Enter a huge 3D world of magic, warcraft and adventure in
                      this true open world 3D MMORPG for your mobile device!
                      Become a real hero and fight monsters, dragons and bosses
                      hiding in the Celtic world lands. Team up with millions of
                      players from across the globe in a truly stunning and
                      unforgettable real-time fantasy MMO roleplaying action
                      adventure! Unkilled FPS Unkilled is a zombie-themed FPS game with intense PvP
                      action. Team up with friends to fight the undead
                      apocalypse in this survival horror shooting game. Samurai II: Vengeance RPG Samurai II sends Daisuke on a quest for revenge across the
                      war-scorched countryside. From a seafaring village to a
                      flying fortress to the legendary Isle of the Dead, the
                      samurai will stop at nothing to hunt down his arch-enemy
                      Orochi. Will he get his Vengeance? Dead Trigger 1 FPS Dead Trigger is a zombie-themed FPS game. Gear up for some
                      extreme zombie slaying! Get ready for Non-Stop Action in
                      this Shooter Game! Dead Trigger 2 FPS Get ready for the ultimate zombie game. It is time for you
                      to rise up and fight for your survival in a zombie
                      apocalypse in this heart-stopping First Person Shooter
                      (FPS) adventure! Shadowgun Legends FPS The universe is under attack and the last line of defense
                      are the Shadowguns - legendary warriors, heroes and
                      showmen. Fight against the alien invasion in the sci-fi
                      world of Shadowgun Legends. Embrace your destiny and join
                      the action in the epic story campaign, competitive PvP or
                      co-op games! Show the galaxy who is the ultimate shooter
                      and become a Legend! The Walking Dead: No Man's Land Tactical RPG The Walking Dead: No Man’s Land is a turn-based tactical
                      RPG based on AMC’s massive hit show “The Walking Dead”. In
                      this action-packed strategy game you attempt to survive in
                      a post-apocalyptic world. Collect familiar characters from
                      the series, necessary resources, powerful weapons and
                      armor to defend your base. Every day may be your last day
                      on earth! Contact Get in touch with us! If you are a developer or studio and are interested in working with
            us, contact us at partner@decagames.com Deca Live Operations GmbH is part of the Embracer Group Copyright © 2025 Deca Live Operations GmbH Imprint Terms Privacy Website Privacy