What we offer
Who we serve
Pricing
Customer stories
Resources
EN
Log in
Book a demo

Trusted by 35,000+ companies

10,000+ reviews

Advanced data security

Payroll, HR, and compliance
for global teams
Payroll 
for global teams

Deel helps tens of thousands of companies expand globally with unmatched speed, flexibility and compliance. Get our all-in-one Global People Platform that simplifies the way you onboard, offboard, and everything else in between.

Get a free 30 minute demo
Speak to sales

DEEL IS TRUSTED BY 35,000+ COMPANIES FROM STARTUPS TO ENTERPRISE BUSINESSES

Deel is your all-in-one  Global People Platform

Deel Payroll

Deel HR

Deel IT

Deel Services

Deel PEO (Professional Employer Organization)

Drive team success and unlock powerful insights with our suite of AI-powered products to manage goals, performance, learning development, team satisfaction, and more.

Learn more
Deel US Payroll

Pay US employees through a self-serve platform with automated local payroll tax calculations, built-in compliance, and seamless integrations.

Learn more
Deel EOR (Employer of Record)

Hire and onboard employees in 130+ countries compliantly and quickly without opening an entity, minimizing risks related to taxes, benefits, or labor laws.

Learn more
Deel Contractor Management

Onboard, manage, and pay global contractors with a user-friendly, self-serve platform that drastically reduces HR and payroll admin time.

Learn more
Deel Contractor of Record

Reduce misclassification risk—let us classify and manage your global contractors.

Learn more
Deel Global Payroll

Streamline international payroll, compliance, tax deductions, filings, and more in 130+ countries, backed by our team of in-house payroll experts.

Learn more

GLOBAL PEOPLE PLATFORM

Scale globally with velocity and ease

Deel is built to scale with organizations of all sizes, from small teams to enterprises of thousands. Whether you want to hire worldwide without opening legal entities, streamline HR for your global team, or pay all types of workers anywhere with consolidated payroll—Deel does it all with full compliance.

Get started
Why companies around the world prefer Deel for expanding their team globally.

“We built ElevenLabs to break down language and communication barriers. With Deel enabling us to hire and support exceptional talent anywhere, we can accelerate our innovation and bring more voices, stories, and ideas to every corner of the world.”

Mati Staniszewski

CEO, ElevenLabs

“Deel lets us hire and support top talent anywhere without slowing down. That’s a game-changer when you're building global financial infrastructure at startup speed.”

Jack Zhang

CEO, Airwallex

“Deel helps us hire incredible people all over the world— fast. That means we can keep helping businesses connect with their customers, without letting geography get in the way.”

Des Taylor

Co-Founder and Chief Strategy Officer, Intercom

“Deel's infrastructure handles 90% of the heavy lifting for us. Whether we’re hiring contractors, expanding with EOR, or paying employees, Deel saves us time, money, and resources.”

Stephen Epling

Vice President of Global Rewards and Workplace, Outreach

Choose Deel for an industry-leading experience
1.5M

workers onboarded globally

35K

global businesses supported

$17.3B

compliantly processed Global Payroll

GLOBAL COMPLIANCE

Unlock Continuous Compliance™ with the Deel Compliance Hub

Keep your finger on the pulse of global compliance issues like never before. Our Compliance Hub provides access to the latest regulatory updates and risk warnings, offering guidance and actionable alerts to enhance compliance—all in a single place.

Get started
Keep track of the latest legal updates
Get monthly workforce insights
Easily determine worker classification

THE DEEL ADVANTAGE

Move faster with HR and payroll for your team in one place

Deel’s the only platform that allows you to combine payroll, HR, performance, and compliance for any type of worker in 150 countries into a single HR platform. Consolidate your tools, reduce overhead, and unlock unrivalled insights into your workforce data.

Get started
Powerful reporting

Unlock unrivalled insights into spending and performance with compensation, OKRs, equity and more for your team in one system.

Scalability

From contractors and EOR to payroll and PEO, Deel’s the only platform that can evolve with every stage of your company’s growth.

Dedicated support

We don’t rely on third parties, which means you’ll get a single dedicated POC to work alongside with and guaranteed 1.25 min FRT.

Trusted partner

Engage with one partner for your global  growth. From M&As to entity set up, partner with our in-house team for all your expansion needs.

Seamless integration

Eliminate data silos and reduce manual work with 100+ integrations across your entire tech stack, from accounting to expenses.

Unrivalled security

Connect your company in a single secure platform. Our platform is GDPR, SOC2, and ISO 27001 compliant.

GLOBAL COVERAGE

There’s a whole world out there. Why not hire anywhere?

150+ entities. 200+ local legal experts. Global from day one. Tap into the most extensive coverage on the market, and start hiring, onboarding, and paying anywhere.

Get started

CUSTOMER STORIES

We’ve helped 37,000+ companies grow and manage global teams
Global Hiring
Global Payroll
Compliance
Employee relocation
Mergers/Acquistions
5,000+
contracts created

Turing has around 400 developers working for customers and 150 developers working to build Turing. They were able to migrate everyone to Deel in days. Now they use Deel to manage, pay, and onboard every developer, in over 60 different countries.

Read customer story
Get started with Deel in three easy steps
1
Book a call

Book a call with our global workforce consultants. We’ll set  you up with a free account ready to suit your team’s needs.

2
Add your people

From new hires to your existing workforce, onboard effortlessly with our self-serve platform.

3
Dedicated onboarding

From navigating local laws to support for your team members, our dedicated team will help you get set up seamlessly.

Get started
See what our clients are saying

4.7/5 based on 5,858+ reviews

Verified User in Telecommunications

Deel has revolutionized the way I manage payroll. It's reliable, user-friendly, and cost-effective, making it an indispensable too...

Verified User in Translation and Localization

Deel has been an absolute game-changer for me! Their platform is incredibly user-friendly. From streamlining my payroll process to...

Viviana Hernandez

The platform is incredibly intuitive, making it a breeze for me to navigate and get things done efficiently. On top of that, their...

Joaquin Ancona

Deel so far has been very easy to navigate through and evrything is elegantly designed so it is easy to follow.

Angelie Martinez

User friendly and very easy to use and the security is fabulous.

ignacio S

I was impressed with Deel's quick services and exceptional support.

Sunny Yu

I like that it's easy to use and the customer support was awesome. They were prompt and helped me out.

Brunno Mark

Deel has so many options to control everything related to financial management: contracts, invoices, transactions, multiple withdr...

Verified User in Computer Software

Deel is great for companies with remote workers worldwide. It helps with paying them, sorting out taxes, and sticking to work laws...

Nathalia L.

In the world of payments and finances, having responsive assistance is paramount, and this app truly delivers on that front. Any c...

About us

Careers

G2 customer reviews

Press & media

Deel Impact

Pricing

Products

Deel Payroll

Deel Global Payroll

Deel US Payroll

Deel HR

Deel IT

Deel EOR

Deel Contractor

Deel Contractor of Record

Deel PEO

Deel Engage

Deel Talent

Deel Benefits

Deel Workforce Planning

Deel Compensation

Device Lifecycle Management

Mobile Device Management

Endpoint Protection

Access and Identity Management

Deel Immigration

Deel Equity

Entity Setup

Employee Background Checks

Deel Plugins

Deel Platform

HR Platform

Deel AI

Deel AI Workforce

White Label

Compliance Hub

Deel API

Global HRIS

Deel Integrations

Workflows

Industries

Gaming

Fintech

Ed tech

IT services

Marketing & advertising

E-sports

Computer software

Crypto

Consumer goods

Business process outsourcing

Language service providers

Talent solutions

AI and data labeling

Retail

Finance

Insurance

Healthcare

Why Deel?

Global compliance leaders

Customer stories

Competitor comparison

Data security and privacy

Built for enterprise

Built for mid-market

Built for start-ups

Become a Deel affiliate

Become a Deel partner

Resources

Blog

Global hiring guides

Webinars & events

Case studies

Global work glossary

Job description templates

Free HR tools

Help center

Deel Resource Hub

API documentation

Deel Academy

Leadership team

Get the latest insights on today's world of work delivered straight to your inbox.

I confirm that I have read Deel’s Privacy Policy and agree with it.

© Copyright 2025. All Rights Reserved.

Disclaimer

Privacy Policy

Legal Hub

Whistleblower Policy