DeepLearning.AI: Start or Advance Your Career in AI ✨ New course! Enroll in Nvidia's NeMo Agent Toolkit: Making Agents Reliable Explore Courses AI Newsletter The Batch Andrew's Letter Data Points ML Research Blog ✨ AI Dev x SF 26 Community Forum Events Ambassadors Ambassador Spotlight Resources Membership Start Learning Learn to build agentic AI with Andrew Ng Enroll Now AI is the new electricity. You are the spark. Get the latest AI news, courses, events, and insights from Andrew Ng and other AI leaders. Subscribe First Name Last Name Where do you live? Select a country What is your role? Please select Keep me updated on the latest news, events, and courses Subscribe Join over 7 million people learning how to use and build AI AI Courses and Specializations Build a foundation of machine learning and AI skills, and understand how to apply them in the real world. Explore All Courses In Collaboration With prev next The largest weekly AI newsletter What matters in AI right now Dec 26, 2025 Top Stories of 2025! Big AI Poaches Talent, Reasoning Models Boost Performance, Agents Write Code, Data Centers Drive GDP, China Turns the Tables The Batch AI News and Insights: Another year of rapid AI advances has created more opportunities than ever for anyone — including those just entering the field — to build software. Dec 17, 2025 OpenAI’s Answer to Gemini 3, Runway’s Interactive Worlds, Disney’s Alliance With OpenAI, Adapting LLMs for Low-Data Domains The Batch AI News and Insights: As amazing as LLMs are, improving their knowledge today involves a more piecemeal process than is widely appreciated. Dec 10, 2025 Claude Opus 4.5 Saves Tokens, White House Boosts AI-Powered Science, Amazon Exposes Nova 2 Pro Checkpoints, Small Models Solve Hard Puzzles The Batch AI News and Insights: If you have not yet built an agentic workflow, I encourage you to try doing so, using the simple recipe I’ll share here! Read more Free Resources Get Started with AI and Machine Learning How to Build Your Career in AI A practical roadmap to building your career in AI from AI pioneer Andrew Ng Download Machine Learning Yearning An introductory book about developing ML algorithms. Download A Complete Guide to Natural Language Processing A comprehensive guide covering all you need to know about NLP. Read more Stay up to date on the latest news, courses, and AI events Subscribe First Name Last Name Where do you live? Select a country What is your role? Please select Keep me updated on the latest news, events, and courses Subscribe Courses The Batch Community Careers About Contact Help