Enterprise Voice AI: STT, TTS & Agent APIs | Deepgram Search Products APIs Speech to Text API Unmatched accuracy, speed & cost Text to Speech API Responsive, natural-sounding voices Voice Agent API For real-time AI Agents Audio Intelligence API Powered by AI Language models Apps Deepgram Saga The Voice OS for developers Announcements View more Introducing Flux: Conversational Speech Recognition to Solve the Biggest Problem in Voice Agents – Interruptions Published on 10/01/25 Announcing Deepgram Saga: The Voice OS for Developers Published on 07/08/25 Solutions Use Cases Contact Centers Healthcare Voice AI Medical Transcription Conversational AI Speech Analytics Media Transcription Customers Partners Startup Program Resources Resources Articles Podcast Resource Hub AI Glossary About Careers AI Apps AI Minds AI Voice Generator Transcription Tool Devs Documentation Tutorials Status Changelog Self-Hosted Deployment Help Playground Community Enterprise Pricing Search Get a Demo Log In Sign Up Free Get a Demo Log In Sign Up Free Virtual Event - Orchestrating Multi-Agent Voice AI Systems Watch Now Voice AI APIs that just work Build with the most accurate, realistic, and cost-effective APIs for speech-to-text, text-to-speech, and voice agents. Trusted by 200,000+ AI builders and leading enterprises. Available in real-time and batch, cloud and self-hosted. Sign Up Free Playground Speech to Text Text to Speech Voice Agent Audio Intelligence Flux: Voice Agents Nova: Transcription Speak Flux: Voice Agents Speak Nova: Transcription Speak English ​ OR Use your own file Your transcriptions will show here. Copy Download Trusted by the world’s top Enterprises and Startups A single, unified Voice Agent API Instead of stitching together separate components, Deepgram unifies speech-to-text, text-to-speech, and LLM orchestration into a single API, reducing complexity, latency, and cost. User Your customer or end user speaking naturally. Audio input Partner-provided transport layer that bridges stream audio into Deepgram's APIs and plays back TTS audio to the end user, including Telephony partners (via PSTN/SIP) Speech to Text (STT) Conversational speech recognition that detects end-of-turn and interruptions, and streams transcripts in real-time. LLM orchestration Coordinates context, memory, and AI reasoning. Context: Maintains conversation history and system settings. System Updates: Adjusts role or behavior. Prompt Updates: Refines instructions in real time. Response Injections: Adds guidance or context. Function Calling: Executes actions or fetches data. LLM (via API): Connects to language models for response generation. Text to Speech (TTS) Converts AI responses into natural-sounding speech. Business logic Your custom application logic. Executes domain-specific actions, integrates external APIs, or adds validation before results flow back into the agent. External systems Databases, APIs, and back-office systems that the agent interacts with. Results are fed back into the conversation context for grounding. Try it now Choose your Voice AI journey Choose the path that best fits your business needs and technical requirements. Build with APIs Voice AI Infrastructure for Builders. For developers and product teams ready to move fast with flexible APIs. Start Building Integrate Deepgram Voice AI for Platforms & Partners. For platforms and partners embedding enterprise-grade Voice AI. Become A Partner Custom models Voice AI Solutions Built with You. For enterprises with unique workflows and compliance needs. Talk to Sales Solutions that scale As the industry's voice AI leader, Deepgram drives better outcomes with enterprise solutions that deliver intelligent voice experiences safely, securely, and at scale. View Enterprise Solutions Trusted by startups and enterprises Discover the power of our product through real stories. Unlock voice AI at scale with an API Call Get conversational intelligence with transcription and understanding on the world's best speech AI platform. Sign Up Free Get a Demo The Voice AI Platform for Business Use Cases Get news and product updates. By submitting this form, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy . Product Voice Agent API Text-to-Speech API Speech-to-Text API Audio Intelligence API Solutions Contact Centers Speech Analytics Conversational AI Podcast Transcription Medical Transcription Startup Program Developers Documentation Changelog API Playground Community Self-hosted Support Company About Blog Careers Newsletter Customers Partners Newsroom Compare OpenAI Whisper vs Deepgram Amazon Transcribe vs Deepgram Google vs Deepgram Microsoft Azure vs Deepgram ASR Comparison Tool Resources AI Apps AI Glossary AI Voice Generator Tool Audio & Video Transcription Tool Introducing Deepgram’s Voice Agent API Deepgram and Amazon Connect Integration The Best Speech-to-Text APIs in 2025 Terms Privacy Copyright © 2025 Deepgram