The Leading Managed Security Platform | Deepwatch Skip to content Need Help? 855.303.3033 | Contact Us | Customer Login Why Deepwatch? Open menu Holistic Modern Security Operations Advancing the SOC Integrating detection and awareness technologies with effective responses, offering seamless enterprise protection. Learn More Compare SecOps Approaches An Extension of Your Team – Deepwatch Security Experts are with you every step of the way. Experts in Enterprise Security – Industry veterans who redefine the managed security industry. Transparency and Accountability – Partnership of engagement, responsibility, and collaboration. Reduced False Positives – Reduced false positives by 98% with our Dynamic Risk Scoring. Fast, Precise Response to Threats – Improve threat detection 10X and get faster, more precise responses. Improved Security Posture – Improve your annual security posture by 25% with our patented Security Index. Leverage Existing Tools – Get more value from your existing tools to improve ROI. Tailored for Your Business – Personalized program based on your risk tolerance and available resources. Exceptional ROI – Economies of scale, network effect, and personnel savings of more than 400% annually. Platform Open menu The Deepwatch Guardian MDR Platform™ Tour The Security Center Deepwatch NEXA™ Agentic AI Ecosystem View Use Cases Technologies MDR for Google SecOps MDR for Splunk MDR for Sentinel Security Center Products Managed Detection and Response Continuous Threat Exposure Management Dark Web Monitoring and Response Managed Endpoint Detection and Response Vulnerability Management Managed Firewall Experts Customer Onboarding Deepwatch Experts Adversary Tactics and Intelligence Team Company Open menu Careers Cultivating Cyber Resilience Experts Guided by our core values, we're in search of dedicated individuals driven to solve complex problems and protect our customers. Join Our Team About – Understand the Deepwatch approach and our guiding mission. Leadership – Explore our outstanding Deepwatch leaders and what inspires them. Contact – Connect with Deepwatch experts to get all your questions answered. Our Customers – Learn why our customers choose Deepwatch. Events – Engage with Deepwatch experts at industry events for valuable insights. Awards and Recognition – Explore Deepwatch’s impressive accolades and achievements. Newsroom – Stay informed with the latest news from Deepwatch. In The News – Read the latest industry articles featuring Deepwatch. Press Releases – Read about Deepwatch product launches, industry awards, and new partnerships. Partners Open menu Partner Portal Login Get access to all the critical information you need to be successful. Login Partner Benefits – What to expect as a Deepwatch partner. Technology Partners – See a sampling of our valued partners. Become A Partner – Talk to us about partnering. Resources Open menu Featured Resource Empowering CISOs: Seven Strategies to Outmaneuver Threats for Organizational Resilience Read Now Resource Library Case Studies Datasheets eBooks Podcasts Videos Webinars Whitepapers Blog Security Insights Thought Leadership Threat Intelligence Customer Awareness Advisory Cyber Intel Brief Significant Cyber Events Cybersecurity Threat Reports Industry Insights Request A Demo × Webinar: The Evolution of MDR—From Alerts to Risk Reduction Register We are Guardians Who Never Blink, Armed with Security that Never Sleeps. Precision MDR Powered by AI + Humans Request A Demo Talk to an Expert Customer Results 98% reduction in low and medium severity alerts 10x improvement in threat detection 432% return on cybersecurity operations investment Always On Guard Standing Watch Over Threats that Never Rest. Deepwatch Guardian MDR Platform™ Always Vigilant. Always Ready. In today's threat landscape, cybercriminals don't take breaks. Neither do we. Our platform combines cutting-edge AI with expert human analysts to provide continuous monitoring and instant response to security threats. Get Protected Today The Guardian Difference We See What Others Overlook, Because We Stand Guard Against Every Threat. Comprehensive Proactive, Preemptive, & Responsive Stop threats before and after they emerge with tailored responses at every step Custom Tuned to Your Business Trained on your priorities and the stack you've invested in to strengthen your defense and focus on the risks that matter Clear No Black Boxes Clarity on every detection, decision, data source along with the name of the analyst behind it Ceaseless Always On. Always Vigilant. Around-the-clock protection from security experts who act on real-time threats, powered by AI Deepwatch Security Center Maintain Transparency, Engagement, and Clear Communication to Achieve Better Security Outcomes. In-Depth Threat Visibility Understand the right metrics, KPIs, and see reports critical to measuring the success of your security operations. Monitor Key Tactical and Strategic Metrics Gain efficiency insights through top-line metrics, highlighting collaboration and accountability with Deepwatch Experts. Security Journey Utilize our patented Deepwatch Security Index framework to propel your ongoing security journey for continuous improvement. Your Security Can't Wait Cyber threats evolve every day. While you sleep, while you're in meetings, while you're focused on growing your business - we're guarding. Our vigilant eyes and expert hands ensure your digital assets remain secure around the clock. Don't let the next headline be about your breach. Partner with guardians who never blink and security that never sleeps. Download Our CISO Guide Vigilant guardians. Tireless protection. Unblinking security. Stories from those We Guard Real Protection, Real Stories. " We've cut our cyber risk by approximately 70%, saved millions in staffing costs, lowered our insurance premiums, and even aligned with the NIST CSF—all while gaining a partner we trust. Deepwatch gives us the confidence to focus on growing our business, knowing they've got our back." Technology Services Manager Large U.S. Distributor of Metals and Plastics " One of the amazing things was that the Deepwatch team delivered in 6 weeks, getting off our existing SOC and providing value immediately. I've never seen anything executed to such perfection in my life." Damian Apone Global Security Program Director, Genuine Parts Company " I don't want to have to build up a large team and put a huge financial burden on the company. I would much rather outsource it to the best-in-class provider in the industry" Sean Fuller Director of Cybersecurity, Artera Service " Nothing but great things to say about Deepwatch. It has been a great partnership so far. The [Deepwatch Experts] have handled all of our needs, even those that are a little out of scope." Gerry Mudjer Senior Director - Security & Compliance, Brightline " It is as if this is a brand new, much improved service with Dynamic Risk Scoring! The type of alerts we are now receiving are really valuable." Director, Security Operations Financial and Technology Business Services Customer " Deepwatch has done a great job communicating these changes of using Dynamic Risk Scoring in advance, and the results have been really good." Incident Response Security Operations Large Convenience Store Chain Customer " The upgrade has been beneficial and there are not as many false positives. We love to see that Deepwatch is continually improving the platform through the detection engine with Dynamic Risk Scoring. We love that it's generating less false positives. We like working with tools and vendors that are progressing in a positive direction" Senior Manager, Security Operations Digital Marketing and CDP Industry Customer " Deepwatch is the most critical vendor we have. No other partner is more important to our security strategy." Director, Cybersecurity Operations Reviews from those We Guard Protected and Proven. Visibility and Monitoring Enhanced by Skilled Team Excellent team of engineers, analysts, and customer support staff that provides good visibility and monitoring of our environment. Lots of Potential, Heading in Good Direction Their team has been very responsive to our needs and customizations. Great tool for MDR. Deepwatch an MSS that actually cares and listens Deepwatch has been an actually partner in our SOC program, they provide not only traditional 365/7/24 monitoring. They provide in-depth threat hunting and consistent feedback and adjust to our environment. All in an effort to be more efficient with the data, which results in better alerting. Service Efficiency and Fast Discovery Deepwatch has always delivered top notch service to our organization. Deepwatch, the team you want guarding your six in the dark alleys of cyberspace. Deepwatch works tirelessly to understand your environment and is that security partner you want watching your back and night. They have been through the good and the bad with us and through our partnership our company has thrived and established as a global leader in security. See Our Reviews DW is a well-rounded third-party SOC provider Deepwatch is an amazing SOC provider. They truly understand the needs of their customers and put in amazing effort in implementing those needs. Great Experience with Deepwatch Deepwatch is our main MDR that provides ingests of alerts from different sources. Responsive and Reliable Support Their proactive support has been a key factor in enhancing our overall security operations. Great Experience - very professional team Working on MDR with Deepwatch is an amazing experience for myself. The whole team is flexible, responsive, knowledgeable, and professional. Strong MDR provider with experienced engineers and analysts working with Splunk Deepwatch is able to serve as an extension of the security team by serving as an MDR leading the offsite SOC for the organization. Deepwatch also helps manage the vulnerability management practice for the organization See Our Reviews Let's Talk Ready for Guardians You Can Trust? Meet with us to discuss your threats, vulnerabilities, and challenges and discover how Deepwatch can stand watch over what matters most. Get Started Deepwatch ® is the leader in Precision MDR powered by AI and humans. We amplify human expertise with AI insights to reduce the risks that matter most to your business. Our protection is proactive, preemptive and responsive, tuned to your business, with no black boxes, and watched by experts 24/7. Corporate Headquarters 250 Cambridge Avenue Palo Alto, CA 94306 USA Florida 4030 W Boy Scout Blvd. Suite 550 Tampa, FL 33607 USA India Pradhanani Wilshire - 1, 3rd Floor, No.14 Ashok Nagar, Bengaluru 560052 India 855.303.3033 [email protected] Company Our Customers Security Center The Deepwatch Guardian Platform™ Solution Providers Strategic Alliance Partners About Leadership Careers Trust Contact Us Resources Threat Intelligence Resource Library Blog Press Events Education Center Glossary Customer Login © Copyright 2025 Deepwatch, Inc. Sitemap | Privacy Policy