Defense One Continue to the site Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights ▼ Scroll To Continue ▼ About Newsletters Podcast Insights Advertise Forecast International Threats Policy Business Science & Tech SYSTEMS Ideas Events Army Navy Marine Corps Air Force Space Force About Newsletters Podcast Insights Advertise DSM Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Threats Policy Business Science & Tech Services Army Navy Marine Corps Air Force Space Force SYSTEMS Ideas Events Trending Pentagon Army National Guard White House Homeland Congress Drones Threats Inside China’s nascent, AI-powered military logistics system The PLA is already testing technologies that range from widespread sensors to AI-enabled predictive planning, cargo drones, and tracked UGV mules. By Tye Graham and Peter W. Singer December 28, 2025 Trump rebrands Congressionally-approved troop housing subsidy as ‘warrior dividend’ bonus Defense One Radio, Ep. 201: Conflicts to watch in 2026 Exclusive There’s a divide within the Space Force. Congress is forcing the service to address it Leaders tapped to fill months-long vacancies atop NSA, Cyber Command Special operators seek larger ranges for electronic warfare and drone development and training sponsor content Spotlight: Defense Industrial Ecosystems in the Asia-Pacific Trump rebrands Congressionally-approved troop housing subsidy as ‘warrior dividend’ bonus Defense One Radio, Ep. 201: Conflicts to watch in 2026 Exclusive There’s a divide within the Space Force. Congress is forcing the service to address it Leaders tapped to fill months-long vacancies atop NSA, Cyber Command Special operators seek larger ranges for electronic warfare and drone development and training sponsor content Spotlight: Defense Industrial Ecosystems in the Asia-Pacific Policy 2025 in review: Marine Corps Defense One Staff 6:00 AM ET Policy 2025 in review: Air Force Defense One Staff December 29, 2025 Policy 2025 in review: Navy Defense One Staff December 28, 2025 Ideas 2025 in review: Army Defense One Staff December 27, 2025 Sponsor Content Balancing the scales of conflict. Strategies are helping allied leaders counter an emerging “axis of autocracy” in the Indo-Pacific. Presented by Science & Tech 2025 in review: tech Defense One Staff December 26, 2025 Business 2025 in review: business Industry raced to adapt to intensifying pressure to move faster, win work on Golden Dome and other efforts. Defense One Staff December 25, 2025 Get all our news and commentary in your inbox at 6 a.m. ET. email Register for Newsletter Stay Connected Get all our news and commentary in your inbox at 6 a.m. ET. email Register for Newsletter Policy 2025 in review: policy A turbulent first year of the second Trump administration brought precedent-breaking security strategy and hasty cuts to the DOD workforce. Defense One Staff December 24, 2025 Sponsor Content Zero Trust Architecture Starts with Modern ICAM Learn why modern ICAM is foundational to Zero Trust—and how agencies can overcome identity silos without replacing legacy systems. Presented by Business Defense Business Brief: Firefly’s moonshot; ‘Battleships’ and drone boats; Army logistics collab Lauren C. Williams December 24, 2025 Business ‘Very, very strange time’: After a big 2025, what’s next for the defense industry? A year of rising profits, rising Pentagon demands, and continued Congressional dysfunction sets the stage for another turbulent year. Lauren C. Williams December 24, 2025 Threats Pacific Marines modernize, prep for a busy year III MEF includes the 3rd Marine Littoral Regiment, which is “leading the service” in various capabilities. Jennifer Hlad December 24, 2025 Voices Gen. Eric Smith Our nation requires three ARG/MEUs Rep. Zach Nunn To rebuild America’s defense industry, unleash private capital Peter W. Singer Inside China’s nascent, AI-powered military logistics system Mieke Eoyang Military AI needs guardrails—not to slow it down, but to keep it useful Podcast Sponsored Paul Scharre explains the global AI arms race Listen Now | Past Episodes Video GEOINT Conference Wire 3: NRO on AI, DHS on Change Detection For Disasters Insights & Reports Veeam - Beyond prevention: Federal data resilience in an age of constant disruption. Presented By Veeam Download Now Defending government cloud against advancing threats Presented By CrowdStrike Download Now Ideas Trump’s new ‘battleship’ should not carry nukes Producing a new nuclear missile for the Navy would leave us less safe. Andrew C. Weber December 24, 2025 Business USAF adds third contender for initial robot-wingman buy; picks 9 for next phase More than a year after Anduril and General Atomics got R&D contracts, Northrop wins entry with a self-financed CCA. Thomas Novelly December 23, 2025 Threats The D Brief: New ‘battleship’ announced; Nigeria, under US surveillance; China’s ICBMs; Boat-strike Qs; And a bit more. Bradley Peniston and Ben Watson December 23, 2025 Ideas Now you can train for the next drone war on simulated Ukrainian front lines A public version of the simulator used by thousands of Ukrainian drone pilots offers a terrifying glimpse into modern warfare. John Breeden II December 23, 2025 Policy The twists and turns of Trump’s 2025 war on unions A look at how the Trump administration has sought to undermine collective bargaining at the Defense Department and across the federal government. Erich Wagner December 23, 2025 Threats The D Brief: US hits 70 ISIS targets; Another tanker seized; Army seeks common C-UAS controller; More firms cleared for Golden Dome work; And a bit more. Ben Watson and Bradley Peniston December 22, 2025 Business Another 1,000 defense companies chosen for $151B Golden Dome competition The number of awards doubled as more companies are selected to compete for the SHIELD contract vehicle. Thomas Novelly December 19, 2025 Business Pentagon preps to enforce ban on companies with ‘indirect’ ties to China Defense firms will be notified of potential links to blacklisted Chinese-military companies a year before the contracting ban goes into effect, the assistant defense secretary for industrial policy said. Lauren C. Williams December 19, 2025 Ideas To foster Middle East peace and prosperity, help Kurdistan fend off extremists Two steps are urgently needed, says the regional government’s U.S. envoy. Treefa Aziz December 19, 2025 Science & Tech The Pentagon wants a common network for its counter-drone systems The Army-led task force wants candidates by early next year. Meghann Myers December 19, 2025 Threats The D Brief: Europe pledges aid to Kyiv; Dems seek boat-strike docs; Navy’s next frigate; Conflicts to watch; And a bit more. Ben Watson December 19, 2025 Threats Defense One Radio, Ep. 201: Conflicts to watch in 2026 CFR's Paul Stares unpacks the latest annual survey of foreign policy experts bracing for what might lie ahead. Ben Watson December 18, 2025 Policy Pentagon will cough up summaries of three years of safety investigations, per NDAA Sen. Warren pushed for the disclosure amid rise in military aviation mishaps. Thomas Novelly December 18, 2025 Stay Connected Featured eBooks Next About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Nextgov/FCW Government Executive Route Fifty Washington Technology GovTribe More © 2025 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name * I Work For... * — select — Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Agency/Department * — select — Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Agency/Department * — select — Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Agency/Department * — select — Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Agency/Department * — select — Government Association County Municipal Special District State Agency/Department * — select — Organization Function * — select — Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Please Provide Your Org.'s Name * Industry * — select — Job Title * Job Function * — select — Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Country * United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name * Postal code * Phone Number Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive
                  Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more . Thank you! Thank you for subscribing! Please check out our other newsletter offerings on our Newsletter page. Close × News, analysis, and ideas driving the future of U.S. defense: straight to your inbox. Sign up for Defense One Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Also get The D Brief, your daily source for insights and analysis of the latest in defense news Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, Defense One can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more . Submit More from Defense One Privacy Policy