Department for Environment, Food &amp; Rural Affairs - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide cookie message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Search Search GOV.UK Search Home Organisations Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs Bringing food into Great Britain Bringing your pet dog, cat or ferret to Great Britain Funding for farmers, growers and land managers Check for flooding Get your dog microchipped Bird flu (avian influenza) Environment, farming and countryside Bluetongue Featured 15 December 2025 — Press release Farmers lead the next wave of greener, smarter farming New £2.3m fund backs 30 farm tech trials testing lower emission machinery, digital tools and peat-free compost to boost productivity and sustainability. 11 December 2025 — Press release Major potato pest eradicated from UK The Colorado beetle, a major threat to potato crops, was found in Kent in 2023 10 December 2025 — Press release UK secures £840m in valuable fishing opportunities for 2026 Agreements between the UK, EU, Norway and other coastal states secure access to over 80 stocks for British fishing industry 2 December 2025 — Press release Pet smuggling crackdown with new law Puppy smuggling bill (Animal Welfare (Import of Dogs, Cats and Ferrets) Bill) receives Royal Assent. 1 December 2025 — Press release A greener and more prosperous future with new Environmental  Improvement Plan New plan sets course for cleaner rivers and air, as well as more nature and wildlife in England 24 November 2025 — Press release UK Government gives voice to nature at COP30 climate conference UK accelerates global leadership on nature at COP30 Latest from the Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs Bird flu: near Kirkham, Fylde, Lancashire (AIV 2025/89) 30 December 2025 Animal Disease Case Bird flu: second premises near Newark-on-Trent, Newark and Sherwood, Nottinghamshire (AIV SOS 2025/05) 30 December 2025 Animal Disease Case Genetically Modified Organisms release: herpes virus of Turkey and avian influenza virus (25/R58/01) 30 December 2025 Research and analysis See all latest documents Subscriptions Get emails What we do We are  responsible for improving and protecting the environment. We aim to grow a green economy and sustain thriving rural communities. We also support our world-leading food, farming and fishing industries. Defra is a ministerial department, supported by 34 agencies and public bodies . Read more about what we do Follow us The following links open in a new tab Follow on Twitter (opens in new tab) Follow on Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on Defra e-alert (opens in new tab) Follow on LinkedIn (opens in new tab) Follow on Instagram (opens in new tab) Follow on Great British Food (opens in new tab) Follow on YouTube (opens in new tab) Follow on Flickr (opens in new tab) Follow on Air quality on Twitter (opens in new tab) Documents Services Drive in a clean air zone Find out your rubbish collection day See all services Guidance and regulation Import of products, animals, food and feed system (IPAFFS) 30 April 2024 Guidance Visiting the UK as an EU, EEA or Swiss citizen 31 October 2025 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications Bluetongue: latest situation 29 December 2025 News story First new National River Walk announced 27 December 2025 Press release See all news and communications Research and statistics Genetically Modified Organisms release: herpes virus of Turkey and avian influenza virus (25/R58/01) 30 December 2025 Research and analysis Statistics at Defra 30 December 2025 Statistics See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Fisheries: bilateral agreement with the Faroe Islands for 2026 22 December 2025 Policy paper Fisheries: bilateral agreement with the Faroe Islands for North-East Atlantic mackerel in 2026 22 December 2025 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases Bovine TB: compensation value tables 30 December 2025 Transparency data Defra: non-consolidated performance related pay 2024 to 2025 23 December 2025 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Our ministers Emma Reynolds MP Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Dame Angela Eagle DBE MP Minister of State (Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs) Emma Hardy MP Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Minister for Water and Flooding) Mary Creagh CBE MP Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Minister for Nature) Baroness Hayman of Ullock Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Minister for Biosecurity, Borders and Animals) Our management Paul Kissack Permanent Secretary Sally Randall Director General for Environment Sarah Homer Director General for Delivery and Group Chief Operating Officer Emily Miles Director General for Food, Biosecurity and Trade David Hill Director General for Strategy and Water Professor Anjali Goswami Director General for Science, Data and Analysis, Defra Chief Scientific Adviser Professor Christine Middlemiss CB UK Chief Veterinary Officer Iain King Chief Financial Officer Heather Hancock Lead non-executive board member Nick Folland Non-executive board member Indro Mukerjee Non-executive board member Sachin Jogia Non-executive board member Allison Ogden-Newton OBE Non-executive board member Dan Corry Non-executive board member Special representatives Ruth Davis OBE UK Special Representative for Nature Contact Defra Defra Helpline Seacole Building 2 Marsham Street London SW1P 4DF United Kingdom Contact: Defra Helpline Telephone (UK only) 03459 33 55 77 Telephone (from outside the UK) +44 20 7238 6951 The quickest way to get a response is to call our Helpline which is open Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5pm (find out about call charges at www.gov.uk/call-charges ), alternatively you can email us. We aim to respond to queries within 20 working days, however due to the current volumes of correspondence we are receiving there could be a significant delay. Defra Rural Services helpline Telephone 03000 200 301 Contact the Defra Rural Services helpline for farming-related advice. Monday to Friday, 8.30am to 5pm. You should also call us 24/7 to report suspicion of notifiable disease in animals. Find out about call charges at www.gov.uk/call-charges . Pet Travel helpline Pet Travel Section Eden Bridge House Lowther Street Carlisle CA3 8DX United Kingdom Email pettravel@apha.gov.uk Pet Travel helpline 03000 200 301 Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 5pm (closed on bank holidays). Find out about call charges at www.gov.uk/call-charges . Report fraud to Defra Contact: Report fraud to Defra How to report fraud, bribery and corruption against Defra. Make a Freedom of Information (FOI) request Read about the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act and how to make a request . Check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question. Make a new request by contacting us using the details below. Freedom of Information (FOI) and Environmental Information Regulations (EIR) requests Information Rights Team (IRT) Seacole Building 4th Floor 2 Marsham Street London SW1P 4DF United Kingdom Email InformationRequests@defra.gov.uk High profile groups within Defra Flood and Coastal Erosion Risk Management Research and Development Programme Corporate information Our organisation chart Accessible documents policy Complaints procedure Equality and diversity Media enquiries Modern slavery statement Our energy use Our governance Research at Defra Statistics at Defra Jobs and contracts Procurement at Defra Working for Defra Read about the types of information we routinely publish in our Publication scheme . Our Personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab and requires JavaScript ) . Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright