The Learning and Upskilling Platform | Degreed Skip to content Language English español (Latinoamérica) Deutsch français (France) português (Brasil) Login Support English Français ( French ) Deutsch ( German ) Português ( Portuguese (Brazil) ) Spanish,LATAM Schedule a Demo Why Degreed Why Degreed Partner with an end-user-obsessed innovator who knows exactly how to deliver effective skills-first learning. Our Platform Unlock lasting skill-building solutions for every employee, from onboarding to retention. Partnerships Degreed partners with the world’s most forward-thinking and trusted vendors to create true skills-first learning. Success Stories Hear from thriving companies and individuals who embraced a new kind of learning and saw the results. Capgemini’s AI Workforce Transformation: Training 150,000 Employees in Just 10 Weeks Capgemini's workforce transformation through Degreed's Gen AI Campus trained 150,000 employees in 10 weeks, driving massive AI adoption and scalable learning. Solutions By Product Degreed Learning (LXP) Empower your workforce with learning that keeps them upskilled and ready for anything. Degreed Skills+ Make your most important business decisions with comprehensive skill data. Degreed Maestro Engage your people with more efficient and effective AI-driven learning. Degreed Academies Deliver modern, collaborative learning experiences to drive deeper skill development. Degreed Open Library Simplify learning content with AI-curated, ready to use learning pathways. Degreed Professional Services Use Degreed experts to maximize the impact of your L&D. By Need Onboarding Help employees succeed with personalized plans that support them from day one and beyond. Performing Enhance workforce productivity and proficiency. Engaging Foster a learning culture that encourages innovation and drives results. Upskilling Deliver learning built to drive workforce change. Reskilling Turn the people you have into the people you need. By Industry Financial Services Stay compliant and agile in one of the most regulated industries. Professional Services Cultivate the expertise your clients need-fast. Manufacturing Operate as fast and scalable as the world moves. Information Technology (IT) Offer personalized development for workers in an ever-changing industry. Life Sciences Break through the barriers to the world's next life-saving moment. Resources Resource Library Get ahead of the competition with our cutting-edge research reports, tools, and best practices. Our Blog Discover the latest insights and trends to guide you in the new skills economy. Events / On Demand Register for upcoming Degreed webinars and industry events. Integrations Library Find your favorite platforms, tools, and content connected with Degreed. Newsroom Stay updated with press releases and important Degreed updates. Trust Center See how Degreed protects your data and how we stay compliant with regulations. Knowledge Center Browse Degreed how-to articles, FAQs, announcements, and product release notes. How the Workforce Learns Gen AI Your workforce is already learning generative AI—discover how it’s affecting your business. Pricing Search Schedule a Demo AI-powered learning for a future-ready workforce Change is happening 5x faster and your people need new skills to keep up. Degreed is the AI-driven learning experience platform built to ensure your workforce is ready for anything. Get a Degreed Learning Enterprise Demo Discover Degreed Learning The learning system built for workforce change 90% of HR leaders cannot effectively anticipate the skills their workforce needs with the processes and systems they have now. With Degreed, you can... Know which skills matter to your business Pinpoint critical skill gaps and emerging trends with AI-powered skill intelligence. Assess Infer Manage Equip your team with the right capabilities Provide personalized learning linked to career opportunities. On demand In the flow With others Transform your workforce for impact Measure and close skill gaps to drive transformation and business results. Upskill Reskill Certify Learn Why Degreed The world’s most innovative enterprises build skills with Degreed. Tab 1 Tab 2 Unleashing the Power of Skill Data at Ericsson Every business has skills, but not every business can see them clearly and comprehensively. Ericsson can. Because of that, it has achieved more scale, speed, and accountability in the growth of its people and its business. How BT Group Makes Learning Personal with Degreed BT Group is transforming workforce development by making learning personal. With Degreed, BT Group delivers personalized recommendations and empowers employees to take charge of their upskilling journeys. From onboarding to ongoing development, Degreed helps BT Group ensure that learning is accessible, relevant, and efficient for its global workforce. Target, tailor, and transform Pinpoint the skills your people need Harmonize skill data from your learning, talent, HR, and business systems so you can pinpoint the skills your people need next—all powered by Artificial Intelligence. Discover Skills+ Automate personalized learning Automatically customize learning experiences for onboarding, compliance, performance, upskilling, and reskilling. Discover Degreed Learning Drive change to achieve business goals Develop your future workforce by curating academies aligned to 
business-critical needs–and measure progress as you go. Discover Degreed Academies USE CASES Every day, every skill, every employee Skill-building for the entire employee experience—from onboarding to expertise. Core training experiences Everyday learning experiences Targeted skill development experiences Core training experiences From onboarding to compliance, enable your workforce to get started and meet essential job requirements. Explore Degreed Learning Everyday learning experiences Strengthen your company’s culture and professional foundations with learning curated for teams and individuals. Explore Degreed Learning Targeted skill development experiences Upskill your workforce on key  functional and technical capabilities, and reskill those ready to take on new roles or career paths. Learn More About Academies SUCCESS STORIES The proof is in the impact TEKsystems Ericsson Colgate-Palmolive Seamless tech integration drives TEKsystems' success “That ability to connect other partners through Degreed is so much further ahead of any LMS.” Streamlining learning streamlines business, so TEKsystems used our vast partner and integration network to enrich its learning experience—and in turn—its business outcomes. Dig deeper into the full case study 80% weekly engagement 48,000+ badges earned since 2020 4-week faster ramp to revenue Ericsson cultivates an AI-educated workforce “Degreed has been instrumental.” From launching learning to 300 scientists five years ago to upskilling 30,000 people in Artificial Intelligence (AI) last year, Ericsson has leaned on Degreed to power their skills strategy. Watch the LENS session 30,000 AI skills assessed Colgate-Palmolive turns skill data into action “You can really create intel from the data. [This employee’s] got 281 signals on digital—experience, some learning and an assessment. These signals give us an indication how active he is building that skill. And that is powerful, because you can now get visibility [down to the] the individual.” As one of the fast-rising and highly coveted business assets, skills—and the rich data that comes along with them—have become integral to Colgate-Palmolive’s corporate strategy in making informed decisions that drive growth and innovation. Watch the LENS session 14,000 workers upskilled 5,000 skills assessed 3,500 badges earned View All Success Stories How the Workforce Learns Gen AI Whether you support it or not, your employees are learning generative AI—and that may make the difference in your future success. We know because we partnered with Harvard Business Publishing to study how your people are learning Gen AI. Download the New Report Now Ready to get more out of your learning investment? Learn Why Degreed Get a Demo Connect With Us Contact Request a Demo Support Mobile App for iOS Mobile App for Android Our Company About Why Degreed Success Stories Newsroom Careers Partnerships Products & Services Degreed Learning Degreed Skills+ Degreed Maestro Degreed Academies Degreed Open Library Degreed Professional Services Integrations Library Degreed Personal Pricing Resources Blog Events & Webinars Resource Library Security Degreed Trust Center Copyright ©2026 Degreed, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy | Terms of Use | Cookies | Modern Slavery Policy | Data Processing Agreement | Online Subscription Services Terms | Service Level Agreement