Delphi Forums Home 0 0 Private Messages and Notices 0 Forum Msgs to Me 0 Browse Forums View Chats Browse Members Blogs Create a Forum Log In Toggle Dropdown Guest My Profile Photo My Profile My Preferences My Account Help Log Out Log in 321,446,170 posts 26,124,674 discussions 43 chatting 39 chat rooms Delphi Forums Community and Conversation - Free Forums and Live Chat Browse Forums Explore your interests in thousands of public forums. Create a Free Forum Host your own community.  It's quick, simple, and free! Top Forums Participate in discussions of interest, or create your own Opinion Polls: Delphi's Polling Place Messages: 177,549 (26 today) The Midnight Castle Forum On Delphi Messages: 187,581 (4 today) The Legacy Racing Forum Messages: 2,569,024 (0 today) BreakTime 3 Messages: 529,696 (15 today) About Smoking Cessation Forum Messages: 301,058 (3 today) Military Guns and Ammunition Messages: 207,327 (0 today) Table Top Sports Messages: 705,956 (13 today) APBA - Between the Lines Messages: 967,421 (27 today) VICTOR'S  PLACE Messages: 698,616 (27 today) HSI Special Agents Messages: 114,983 (2 today) Noachism HQ Messages: 140,945 (8 today) Strat-O-Matic Gamer Forum 2 Messages: 228,456 (14 today) View all Top Forums Show More Categories Browse the directory of public forums by category Business & Finance Civic & Government Companies Computers Creative Arts Current Events Education & Alumni Entertainment Family & Parenting Games Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Home Life Internet & Web Lifestyles Motor Transport Motorcycles Religion & Spirituality Science & Space Sports & Recreation Support & Recovery Talk City Chat Taste & Trends Travel & Places Browse Categories Show More Live Stories Follow these stories or host your own. In noted in the news today ... Yahoo Tech China's 'Flying Aircraft Carrier' Just Took To The Skies For The First Time China's massive unmanned aircraft carries a payload of other smaller drones and has just had its first successful flight. Here's what we know about it. Read more from Yahoo Tech Read more In noted in the news today ... Scientific American 15 Million Years before the Megalodon, This Giant Ancient Shark Prowled the Oceans A humungous shark that lived 115 million years ago surpassed the size of modern-day great whites, paleontologists discovered Read more from Scientific American Read more In noted in the news today ... the Guardian Iceland has hottest Christmas Eve ever with temperature of 19.8C recorded Meteorological office reports high temperatures across country and record measured at Seyðisfjörður in east Read more from the Guardian Read more In noted in the news today ... www.bbc.com Great white sharks face extinction in Mediterranean, say researchers Overfishing and illegal fishing are contributing to the loss of sharks, including great whites. Read more from www.bbc.com Read more Previous Next What's Hot Highlights from around Delphi Creamy Mango Smoothie You'll love the flavors in this 5-minutes-to-make delectable taste sensation. In *Wisteria Lane* Online censorship Especially in Britain, content creators are increasing limited in words used and issues covered. In Self Defense JFK Air Traffic Controllers No Good? Are JFK ATC the most unprofessional and rudest in the world? In 	The Irish Forum   ( CS ) Christmas Salads Christmas dinner salad, from Jell-O salads and fruit salads to hearty vegetable and mixed green sala In The Recipe Box Heating during power outage Be better prepared should electricity fail in cold weather. In Air Conditioning Christmas Cookies Find the best Santa-worthy Christmas cookies and be the talk of the cookie exchange. From gingerbrea In The Recipe Box 200 year old home, how much longer? How much longer for this house, lasted for so long In Our Abandoned World Boysenberry Pocket Muffins These low-fat bran muffins are so good, you won't even be tempted to add a pat of butter. In *Wisteria Lane* Why was the Republican Party created? Do you know history behind it? In Opinion Polls: Delphi's Polling Place Dealing with illegals Let's clear some things up on immigration... In Overpopulation and Environmental Issues Show More 43 Chatting in 39 Rooms 40sPlus 5 chatting Scrambled! 1 chatting Seniors Hideaway 1 chatting VictoryLane 1 chatting *~A Unique Boutique~* 1 chatting *~Unique Themes~* 1 chatting India 1 chatting front 1 chatting Town Square Park 1 chatting 40+Friends 1 chatting Parents of Actors 1 chatting Safe Haven 1 chatting View Full Chat Room List Show More Create Forum | Support | Forum Features | Membership Plans | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service Copyright © 2025 Delphi Forums LLC