Affordable Dental Insurance Plans | Delta Dental Skip to content Skip to search Find my Delta Dental company Find a dentist Cost estimator My member dashboard Edit your profile Change your password My dentist dashboard Edit your profile Change your password Sign out Sign in / Register Find your Delta Dental Find my Delta Dental company The national network of Delta Dental companies protects more smiles than any other insurance company. Have a question about coverage or looking for dental insurance? Connect with your Delta Dental company to learn more. I receive dental insurance through my employer I purchase dental insurance on my own * Employer's state
                  headquarters: Go *Not sure where your company is headquartered? Contact your company's human resources department. Looking for a dentist? Delta Dental has the largest network of dentists nationwide. Find the one that’s right for you. Find a dentist Specialty: General Dentist Oral Surgeon Endodontist Orthodontist Pediatric Dentist Periodontist Prosthodontist Oral Pathologist Public Health Full Time Faculty Oral Maxillofacial Radiologist Orofacial Pain Oral Medicine Dental Anesthesiologist Plan network: Select network plan Delta Dental PPO Delta Dental Premier Delta Dental PPO Plus Premier Delta Dental Medicare Advantage DeltaCare USA Delta Dental Patient Direct All of the above networks Please select a network Dentist last name: Search by current location Yes No ZIP code, city, or address Please input information for either ZIP code or address but not both Error: Please enable location services to search by current location. Find dentists Cost matters How much is it going to cost? Want to know before you set foot in the dentist’s office? Get started here. Our Dental Care Cost Estimator tool provides estimated cost ranges for common dental care needs. Calculate cost Treatment type: Please select a treatment type Zip code: Dentist last name (optional): Submit The Dental Care Cost Estimator provides an estimate and does not guarantee the exact fees for dental procedures, what services your dental benefits plan will cover or your out-of-pocket costs. Estimates should not be construed as financial or medical advice. For more detailed information on your actual dental care costs, please consult your dentist or your Delta Dental. Cost Estimator Terms of Use Please scroll down and accept to proceed. Information regarding the Cost Estimator content If you are experiencing a medical or dental emergency, you should seek appropriate emergency medical or dental assistance, such as calling "911." To begin using the Dental Care Cost Estimator tool (the “Cost Estimator”), please click the Agree button below. By clicking the Agree button, you agree that you: have read the information below, are accessing this information for purposes of determining treatment cost estimates for dental care services you are considering receiving, and will not use the information in this tool for a commercial or anti-competitive purpose. The costs provided in this tool are estimates only and are not a guarantee of payment or benefits. Your actual cost may be higher or lower than the estimate for various reasons. General information regarding your health care The information and content on this website (collectively, the "Content") is for your general educational information only. The Content: cannot, and is not intended to, replace the relationship that you have with your health care professionals. is not medical advice. You should always talk to your health care professionals for information concerning diagnosis and treatment, including information regarding which drugs or treatment may be appropriate for you. does not represent or warrant that any particular drug or treatment is safe, appropriate or effective for you. Health information changes quickly. Therefore, it is always best to confirm information with your health care professionals. The Cost Estimator tool may group, into "treatment categories," services that are often delivered together to address a particular dental problem. The description of different treatment categories, and the inclusion of particular services in a treatment category, is not advice that any particular treatment category is the right treatment for you nor that you should obtain any particular treatment. All of those matters are things that you should decide in consultation with your dental care professionals. The Cost Estimator is intended for use in the 50 states, Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories, and no Content is provided for dental services  outside the U.S.. General information regarding your dental benefit Nothing on this website guarantees eligibility, coverage, or payment, or determines or guarantees the benefits, limitations or exclusions of your coverage. For a complete description of the details of your coverage, please refer to your coverage documents. Estimates may vary depending on your benefit plan and the state you live in. Claims will be processed when received according to your plan provisions. You may be responsible for the cost of procedures or services not covered by your plan. Use of this website in no way increases or decreases the benefits available under a dental benefit plan. If there is any conflict or discrepancy between the Content on this website and your coverage documents, your coverage documents will control. Pre-authorizations or referrals are required for certain benefit plans and certain dental care providers. Refer to your benefit plan to determine whether these requirements apply to you. Preventive services are included in this tool. Preventive care coverage varies by plan and by demographic considerations such as age. Refer to your benefit plan to determine whether preventive services are covered for you. General information regarding cost estimates Do not avoid getting dental care based on the cost information provided on this website. This website shows estimates of certain dental care costs. Except for members of the Delta Dental companies mentioned at the bottom of this page, the figures shown are estimates of the amounts to be charged by the dentist, and not the amounts you can expect to pay after accounting for the payments that may be made by your dental plan. The Cost Estimator uses procedure costs or cost ranges, as reflected in dentist fee schedules and aggregated historical cost data. The estimates generated by the Cost Estimator may be different from the amount charged by your dentist for several reasons, including but not limited to, your unique dental circumstances and the decisions made by you and your dental professionals as to what services you will receive, deviations between the anticipated scope of services and the services actually provided, and the benefits provided under your particular plan. More information regarding how cost estimates are calculated Cost estimates for services listed as “Cost without insurance” are based upon submitted claims data for out-of-network dentists. The data is based on actual, non-discounted charges that dentists have billed. The Cost Estimator calculates cost estimates for services based upon specific geographic areas, as defined by the first three digits of a ZIP code (e.g., the geo ZIP for 12345 is 123). For members of Delta Dental of New Jersey, Delta Dental of Connecticut and Delta Dental of Idaho : You will see an estimate of your out of pocket cost, which is based on the amounts charged by the dentist for the procedures in question and the amounts to be paid by your dental plan. Decline Accept Provider List Dentists found with last name starting with . Select the dentist name for cost estimates. Please sign in below Sign in Create an account Create an account Here are the benefits of creating an account Member View plan information Download forms View claims Track dental activity Dentist Check patient eligibility Download claim forms Check national ERA See dental offical deals Create an account Insurance products Individual dental insurance Senior dental insurance Member tools Member dashboard Dentist finder Cost estimator Mobile app Member FAQ For dentists Dentist dashboard Claims submission info lookup tool Join our network Dentist FAQ Employers & brokers Midsize - large corporation Small business Broker RFP tool LifeSmile wellness program Oral health resources Dental insurance 101 Dental procedures Overall health Grin! magazine Tooth fairy State of America's Oral Health Report Shop mouthguards Close My member dashboard Edit your profile Change your password My dentist dashboard Edit your profile Change your password Sign out Find my Delta Dental company Find a dentist Cost estimator My member dashboard Edit your profile Change your password My dentist dashboard Edit your profile Change your password Sign out Sign in / Register Insurance products Individual dental insurance Senior dental insurance Member tools Member dashboard Dentist finder Cost estimator Mobile app Member FAQ For dentists Dentist dashboard Claims submission info lookup tool Join our network Dentist FAQ Employers & brokers Midsize - large corporation Small business Broker RFP tool LifeSmile wellness program Oral health resources Dental insurance 101 Dental procedures Overall health Grin! magazine Tooth fairy State of America's Oral Health Report Shop mouthguards Home Delta Dental: Unleash your smile power! Individuals and families Looking to cover yourself or your family? We have dental insurance that empowers you to protect the oral health of you and your loved ones. Small businesses Is keeping employees healthy and productive one of your priorities? We have coverage options designed to fit your business. Retirees Retired or planning to soon? We can provide a plan that’ll help ensure your smile stays healthy for years to come. Dental insurance from the nation’s leading provider We make it easy to protect your smile and keep it healthy, with the largest network of dentists nationwide, quick answers and personalized service. Individual dental insurance plans Delta Dental Future Workforce Fund 2025 Awardees The Delta Dental Institute announced $1 million in funding through the Delta Dental Future Workforce Fund , supporting five leading organizations dedicated to driving awareness of careers in oral health and inspiring school-aged children to imagine themselves as future dental professionals. View awardees 2024 Community Impact Report Our mission: your health In 2024, Delta Dental invested more than $119 million to support programs in all 50 states, Washington, D.C., and Puerto Rico, impacting over 15 million lives. As the nation’s largest oral health philanthropist, Delta Dental focused on closing care gaps for older adults, veterans, and rural communities, while advancing oral health education for children. Over the past 15 years, Delta Dental has contributed more than $2.3 billion to improve oral and overall health nationwide. View report The 2025 State of America’s Oral Health and Wellness Report The 2025 State of America’s Oral Health and Wellness Report is a nationwide analysis of consumer opinions and behaviors relating to oral health . Findings from the Delta Dental-commissioned research of 2,000 U.S. adults and parents of children 12 and under illuminate what they thought about their oral health and what they did to properly care for it at home and with the dentist. Learn more Advocating for women. Advocating for oral health. By 2025, an estimated 1.1 billion women worldwide will be in menopause. Delta Dental is helping spotlight the oral health-menopause connection in the groundbreaking documentary, “The (M) Factor: Shredding the Silence on Menopause,” which premiered on PBS in October 2024. The film features important insights into how menopause impacts women’s oral and overall health from Sarah Chavarria, CEO and President, Delta Dental of California and Affiliates, and Teri Barichello, DMD, Vice President and Chief Dental Officer, Delta Dental of Oregon and Alaska. Learn more Every athlete deserves a winning smile. 2X IMPACT ABSORPTION Gear up for lacrosse and summer sports with the Delta Dental Athletic Mouth Guard. Use promo code GEARUP to save 25%. Buy now Need a dentist? Delta Dental has the largest network of dentists nationwide. Find the one that’s right for you. Delta Dental Patient Direct coverage is not available in all 50 states. Specialty: General Dentist Oral Surgeon Endodontist Orthodontist Pediatric Dentist Periodontist Prosthodontist Oral Pathologist Public Health Full Time Faculty Oral Maxillofacial Radiologist Orofacial Pain Oral Medicine Dental Anesthesiologist Plan network: Select network plan Delta Dental PPO Delta Dental Premier Delta Dental PPO Plus Premier Delta Dental Medicare Advantage DeltaCare USA Delta Dental Patient Direct All of the above networks Please select a network Dentist last name: Search by current location: Yes No ZIP code, city, or address Please input information for either ZIP code or address but not both Error: Please enable location services to search by current location. Find dentists Cost matters How much is it going to cost? Want to know before you set foot in the dentist’s office? Get started here. Our Dental Care Cost Estimator tool provides estimated cost ranges for common dental care needs. Sign in to get a more accurate range that includes in-network savings. Treatment type: Zip code: Dentist last name (optional): Submit The Dental Care Cost Estimator provides an estimate and does not guarantee the exact fees for dental procedures, what services your dental benefits plan will cover or your out-of-pocket costs. Estimates should not be construed as financial or medical advice. For more detailed information on your actual dental care costs, please consult your dentist or your Delta Dental. Cost Estimator Terms of Use Please scroll down and accept to proceed. Information regarding the Cost Estimator content If you are experiencing a medical or dental emergency, you should seek appropriate emergency medical or dental assistance, such as calling "911." To begin using the Dental Care Cost Estimator tool (the “Cost Estimator”), please click the Agree button below. By clicking the Agree button, you agree that you: have read the information below, are accessing this information for purposes of determining treatment cost estimates for dental care services you are considering receiving, and will not use the information in this tool for a commercial or anti-competitive purpose. The costs provided in this tool are estimates only and are not a guarantee of payment or benefits. Your actual cost may be higher or lower than the estimate for various reasons. General information regarding your health care The information and content on this website (collectively, the "Content") is for your general educational information only. The Content: cannot, and is not intended to, replace the relationship that you have with your health care professionals. is not medical advice. You should always talk to your health care professionals for information concerning diagnosis and treatment, including information regarding which drugs or treatment may be appropriate for you. does not represent or warrant that any particular drug or treatment is safe, appropriate or effective for you. Health information changes quickly. Therefore, it is always best to confirm information with your health care professionals. The Cost Estimator tool may group, into "treatment categories," services that are often delivered together to address a particular dental problem. The description of different treatment categories, and the inclusion of particular services in a treatment category, is not advice that any particular treatment category is the right treatment for you nor that you should obtain any particular treatment. All of those matters are things that you should decide in consultation with your dental care professionals. The Cost Estimator is intended for use in the 50 states, Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories, and no Content is provided for dental services  outside the U.S.. General information regarding your dental benefit Nothing on this website guarantees eligibility, coverage, or payment, or determines or guarantees the benefits, limitations or exclusions of your coverage. For a complete description of the details of your coverage, please refer to your coverage documents. Estimates may vary depending on your benefit plan and the state you live in. Claims will be processed when received according to your plan provisions. You may be responsible for the cost of procedures or services not covered by your plan. Use of this website in no way increases or decreases the benefits available under a dental benefit plan. If there is any conflict or discrepancy between the Content on this website and your coverage documents, your coverage documents will control. Pre-authorizations or referrals are required for certain benefit plans and certain dental care providers. Refer to your benefit plan to determine whether these requirements apply to you. Preventive services are included in this tool. Preventive care coverage varies by plan and by demographic considerations such as age. Refer to your benefit plan to determine whether preventive services are covered for you. General information regarding cost estimates Do not avoid getting dental care based on the cost information provided on this website. This website shows estimates of certain dental care costs. Except for members of the Delta Dental companies mentioned at the bottom of this page, the figures shown are estimates of the amounts to be charged by the dentist, and not the amounts you can expect to pay after accounting for the payments that may be made by your dental plan. The Cost Estimator uses procedure costs or cost ranges, as reflected in dentist fee schedules and aggregated historical cost data. The estimates generated by the Cost Estimator may be different from the amount charged by your dentist for several reasons, including but not limited to, your unique dental circumstances and the decisions made by you and your dental professionals as to what services you will receive, deviations between the anticipated scope of services and the services actually provided, and the benefits provided under your particular plan. More information regarding how cost estimates are calculated Cost estimates for services listed as “Cost without insurance” are based upon submitted claims data for out-of-network dentists. The data is based on actual, non-discounted charges that dentists have billed. The Cost Estimator calculates cost estimates for services based upon specific geographic areas, as defined by the first three digits of a ZIP code (e.g., the geo ZIP for 12345 is 123). For members of Delta Dental of New Jersey, Delta Dental of Connecticut and Delta Dental of Idaho : You will see an estimate of your out of pocket cost, which is based on the amounts charged by the dentist for the procedures in question and the amounts to be paid by your dental plan. Decline Accept Provider List Dentists found with last name starting with . Select the dentist name for cost estimates. No dentist found Find your Delta Dental Connect with us The national network of Delta Dental companies protects more smiles than any other dental insurance company. Have a question about coverage or looking for dental insurance? Connect with your Delta Dental to learn more. How do you receive dental insurance? I receive dental insurance via my employer I purchase dental insurance on my own Employer headquarter's state: Error: Employer headquarters state is required State where you live: Error: State where you live is required Not sure where your company is headquartered? Contact your company's human resources department. Delta Dental Mobile App Maximize your oral health and make the most of your dental benefits right from your mobile device by downloading the Delta Dental Mobile App. App features may vary by geographic area and individual dentist participation. Protect my smile Overall health The oral health and menopause connection - Oct 09 2024 Oral health habits Sports mouth guards to protect against dental injuries - Sep 23 2020 Dental insurance 101 Glossary of dental terms - May 31 2018 More oral health articles Company info Company info About us Delta Dental Institute Logo rights Careers Contact us Cookie settings Press center Press center Press releases Media contacts Smile power Smile power Protect my smile Grin! magazine Tooth Fairy Tools Tools Find a dentist Cost estimator Join our network RFP assistant Get our app Site map Follow us About us © Copyright 2025 Delta Dental Plans Association. All Rights Reserved. "Delta Dental" refers to the national network of 39 independent Delta Dental companies that provide dental insurance. Privacy Statement (updated) Terms of Use (updated) Social Media Policy