___
Skip to content

Delta Executor

Delta Executor Key
PC
VNG
Mac
Direct Install
Discord Server
Advertisement
Delta Executor

Delta Executor is one of the most popular Roblox exploits on the internet for all Roblox enthusiasts. Irrespective of whether you wish to download it on  Android, iOS, VNG, Windows, or Mac, click on the buttons below.Roblox VNG version

When you search for Delta Executor on the web, you will see a plethora of websites that claim to be its official site, though they are not.

The only official website that must be used to download Delta for all platforms is www.delta-executor.com.

When you visit Delta Executor’s official site, you will see a bunch of buttons – Android, iOS, VNG, Windows, Mac, Key, and Direct Install. 

If you wish to run Delta on your Android and iOS devices, click on the Android and IOS buttons below, respectively.

When you click on the Android button, you will be taken to the page where we have explained how to download, install, and use Delta Executor on Android devices.

The best thing about Delta Android is that it can be downloaded and used in Vietnam as well.

Earlier, Delta did not have a dedicated VNG version for people living in Vietnam. Irrespective of whether you use a 32-bit or 64-bit device, you can run Delta VNG smoothly.

If you are not a citizen of Vietnam, you must avoid using the VNG version because it restricts you from running and using the global version of Roblox. Best smartphone

As far as the Delta VNG for iOS is concerned, the devs have not released its official version yet. As soon as they officially release it, we will update this post.

If you own an iOS device (iPhone and iPad) and are looking for a free Roblox exploit, you must visit this website and click on the iOS button.

Since the process of downloading and using an iOS exploit is a bit different than Android devices, you must learn it first.

Android
Advertisement
iOS
VNG
Windows
Mac
Direct Install
Discord
YouTube
Telegram
Facebook
X
GitHub

When you click on the above iOS button, you will be taken to the main post where we have explained how to download, install, and use Delta on iOS devices.

To make your work easier, we have explained multiple methods that can be used to run the Delta exploit on iPhone and iPad. The quickest way to install Delta on IOS is Direct Install.

Earlier, Delta iOS users needed to download and use sideloading  apps such as ESign, KSign, Flekstore, and others. With the Direct Install method, iOS users don’t need to use any  app.

All they need to do is visit its official site and then click on the Direct Install button. After that, they need to click on the Direct Install button again and then follow the on-screen instructions.

Once the installation is done, you need to go to Settings > General > VPN and Device Management. There, you need to tap on the Enterprise App and Trust it.

When you do so, you will be asked to restart your iOS device. Once it is done, launch the Delta Roblox app and then exploit your favorite game. Roblox VNG version

Windows users, on the other hand, can download Delta’s latest version by clicking on the above Windows button.

Before you click on the above button and download Delta Executor on your PC, let me tell you that you can’t use it smoothly without disabling your Antivirus.

To disable Windows Defender Firewall on your PC, press the Windows button on your keyboard. There, type Windows Security and click on the app that appears.

When you open the Windows Security app, you will see multiple options. There, click on the “Firewall & network protection”, which can be found on the left side menu.

Now, you will have to disable the Firewall for every network profile that appears on the screen.

The last thing you should do is turn off Microsoft Defender Antivirus. When you do so, you will not face any issues while downloading and using the Delta exploit on a PC.

To disable Microsoft Defender Antivirus, go to Windows Security and then click on the Virus & threat protection, which you can find on the left side of the menu.

Now, click on the Manage Settings and then turn off the real-time protection by switching the toggle to “Off”. When you do so, you might see a Warning Message.

If you have an antivirus installed on your Windows, make sure to disable it first before clicking on the Delta.exe file.

If you have an antivirus installed on your PC, you will not be able to install it.

To learn how to download Delta Executor on PC, watch the following YouTube video.

In the above YouTube video, we have explained how to download and use Delta on a PC using an  Android emulator.Roblox VNG version

Besides using emulators, players can also download and use it directly. In November 2025, the devs launched Delta Executor for Mac as well.

To run Delta on macOS, you simply need to download the Delta.dmg file and then drag it to the Application Folder and then install it directly. You can do it easily by watching the above video.

Irrespective of whether you want to use Delta on Android, iOS, VNG, or Windows, you must obtain the key first.

To learn the process of obtaining the Delta executor’s key in detail, click on the above Delta Key button.

Before I explain the Delta Mobile key obtainment process, let me tell you that the key expires every 24 hours.

To obtain the Delta key, you need to download and install the latest version of Delta first. Once you have successfully installed it on your device, launch it and then launch a game.

When you open a game, you will be asked to enter the key. To get the key, click on the Receive Key button. When you do so, a link will be opened in your browser.

After a while, you will be asked to complete the Delta Android Keysystem. To do so, click on the Watch Tutorial and then go back to the same page.Best smartphone

After that, click on the Visit Shop button and then go back to the same page. After that, click on the Continue button. When you do so, you will be asked to complete some actions again.

This time, you need to click on the? icon next to every option. Every time you click on it, a countdown will begin. Once the countdown comes to Zero, a Green Tick will appear on the screen.

When you see it, click on the Unlock Content button. When you do so, you will get an option to Create A Key. When you do so, you will get a key.

Now, copy the Key and then head back to the Delta Roblox  app and paste it. Once you have successfully entered the key, you will get full access to Delta.Roblox VNG version

If you buy the Delta Executor’s Premium, you will be able to use it without obtaining the key.

To download the Delta executor’s latest version, bookmark and visit this website whenever you get a Roblox Upgrade error, because we update it very frequently.