Demica joins FIS, enabling smarter trade receivables finance and working capital optimization for corporations.
Products Insights Developers About FIS
Careers Client Portal
Contact us
Overview
All products
Supply Chain Finance Suite
Overview
Specs
Who it’s for Suite Client stories Insights Resources
Get support  Contact us 
Supply Chain Finance Suite
Access working capital by unlocking the value of receivables before maturity
Flexible | Scalable | Automated
Read e-book
Empowering corporates with flexible liquidity for growth

Whether easing liquidity pressure or enabling growth, FIS® Supply Chain Finance Suite (formerly Demica) connects CFOs and corporate treasurers to a network of global funders through secure, cloud-native technology. Flexible deal structures, transparent reporting and expert support also help keep your program aligned with treasury goals.

Interested in delivering complete supply chain finance products at your bank?
Explore Supply Chain Finance Platform
CFOs
Corporate treasurers
CFOs
Secure funding to grow and enhance financial clarity

Despite efforts to improve cash flow, many organizations still rely on inflexible financing and inefficient manual processes to manage financial data. The Supply Chain Finance Suite delivers bespoke financing at competitive costs, connecting you with our diverse funding network and expert support to help you unlock and optimize liquidity.

See details
Corporate treasurers
Free cash tied up in your trade receivables

Rising funding costs make it hard to access cost-effective financing, and with high days sales outstanding, liquidity remains trapped in your trade receivables. Our technology and expert team help unlock that liquidity and optimize funds in motion by freeing up your working capital and accelerating the cash conversion cycle.

See details
Supply Chain Finance Suite
Flexible working capital solutions

Access the expert support you need to unlock liquidity and improve your working capital metrics with the Supply Chain Finance Suite. Our team works with you to deliver a working capital solution to meet your specific needs, from initial receivables analysis and data structuring through solution design, funder selection, funding delivery and ongoing reporting.

See details
Meet the businesses we serve
TreviPay

FIS designed a $215 million bespoke funding solution for this global business-to-business payments company, featuring a combination of trade receivables finance and securitization products structured to be off-balance sheet.


Read client story
Story highlights
Flexible funding solutions
Streamlined processes
Product implemented

Supply Chain Finance


Read more client stories
Insights
Transform data into strategic value
By consolidating data from various systems, it’s possible to gain reliable, real-time insights that help corporates and funders optimize their funds effectively.

Bridging risk and financial management
Meeting funder expectations for risk management requires detailed reporting, transparency and integration, making them crucial for banks offering structured solutions.
Leverage expertise, ensure compliance
Partnering with third-party technology providers, banks can use their expertise to offer superior products while maintaining security and compliance standards.
Browse more articles and videos relevant to your business
Go to Fintech Insights

Looking to expand your supply chain finance offerings?

The Supply Chain Finance Platform enables banks and financial institutions to act as a single source for comprehensive supply chain finance solutions by streamlining operations and improving processes.

Supply Chain Finance Platform (formerly Demica)

Deliver the full range of supply chain finance solutions to your corporate customers

Streamline your operations.
Optimize transactions.
Serve as a single provider.
Explore Supply Chain Finance Platform
Enabling smarter liquidity and cash flow strategies

Browse our resources to learn more about how our trade receivables finance and working capital optimization solutions help businesses access liquidity and maintain more control over cash flow.

Explore resources
Explore all the financial technology products FIS has to offer
View all products
Let's keep our conversation going

Learn more about how FIS can help you unlock liquidity and optimize cash flow with receivables finance and working capital tools.

Connect with an expert to get your questions answered.

Contact sales

See how Supply Chain Finance Suite can support your operations.

Request a demo

Reach out for pricing details that align with your needs.

Get pricing

View specifications for our Supply Chain Finance Suite.

See specs

E-book

Turn working capital into greater value

Discover how modern treasury and payment solutions unlock greater value by freeing trapped cash, reducing financing costs and strengthening portfolio performance.

Read e-book 
Advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests
347 Riverside Ave., Jacksonville, FL, United States
© 2025 FIS
 
 
Privacy Center
Legal
Cookies
Terms of Use
Login
Contact Us
Preference Center
Vulnerability Disclosure
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Product Map
When you visit any website, it may collect and store information on your browser, primarily in the form of cookies. This information may include details about your device, preferences, or interactions with the site. While this data typically does not directly identify you, it may be used to enhance functionality and provide a more personalized browsing experience. You have the right to manage your cookie preferences. By selecting different categories, you can learn more and modify default settings. Please note that restricting certain cookies may affect site functionality and limit availability of services.Cookie Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Marketing Cookies
Preferences
Select my choices Accept all