 Friendly forums for passionate Dems!
More than 94 million posts since 2001 
Home
Latest
Greatest
Videos
Forums
Hide ads
Join up!
Sign in
Enter Discussion Forums
Welcome to DU!
The truly grassroots left-of-center political community where regular people, not algorithms, drive the discussions and set the standards.
Join the community:
Create a free account
Support DU (and get rid of ads!):
Become a Star Member
Latest Breaking News
Editorials & Other Articles
General Discussion
The DU Lounge
All Forums
Issue Forums
Culture Forums
Alliance Forums
Region Forums
Support Forums
Help & Search
FEATURED STORIES
BumRushDaShow
More than 75% of US adults may meet criteria for obesity under new definition: Study

December 29, 2025, 1:23 PM A new definition of obesity could nearly double the prevalence of U.S. adults with the condition, according to a study published Monday. For decades, doctors have relied on body mass index (BMI) -- a tool that uses height and weight to estimate body fat -- to determine obesity. A team of researchers from Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Harvard University, Yale University and Yale New Haven Health, found that BMI alone may significantly underestimate how many ...

BumRushDaShow
Working Families bet on 2026 as the right time for a third US party after a wave of wins

Mon 29 Dec 2025 07.00 EST Last modified on Mon 29 Dec 2025 07.03 EST The “time has come” for the Working Families party, the progressive third party’s national director said after a year of big wins and a growing hunger among voters for a home outside the two major political parties. “For 26 years, we’ve been building this argument,” Maurice Mitchell said. “And the argument has met the moment.” The party, founded in 1998, helped elect Zohran Mamdani as New York City mayor, worked to get rid ...

Omaha Steve
Telluride Ski Resort Closed Indefinitely As Ski Patrol Union Strikes

Telluride Ski Resort was closed yesterday for the second consecutive day in the midst of a ski patrol union strike aimed at securing better wages and will remain so indefinitely. by Unofficial Networks 5 hours ago Telluride Ski Resort was closed yesterday for the second consecutive day in the midst of a ski patrol union strike aimed at securing better wages and will remain so indefinitely. There are no current plans to reopen the Colorado ski resort as the ski patrollers are standing firmly be ...

BumRushDaShow
Trump admin can share immigrants' Medicaid data with ICE, judge rules

12/29/2025 05:18 PM EST A federal judge ruled Monday that the Trump administration can resume sharing location data about undocumented immigrants receiving public health insurance benefits with Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, starting next month. U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria’s ruling is a victory for President Donald Trump’s mass-deportation agenda as it allows ICE to use Medicaid data in deportation cases beginning Jan. 6. The agency had been blocked from doing so for months amid ...

BumRushDaShow
US could block asylum on public health grounds under Trump regulation

December 29, 2025 12:02 PM EST Updated 4 hours ago WASHINGTON, Dec 29 (Reuters) - The U.S. could deny migrants access to asylum on the grounds they present a public health risk under a newly finalized regulation drafted during the COVID-19 pandemic in President Donald Trump's first term. The regulation, effective on Wednesday, allows U.S. authorities to bar asylum based on "emergency public health concerns generated by a communicable disease," according to a copy posted in the Feder ...

BumRushDaShow
Trump says the U.S. took out a 'big facility' in Venezuela amid strikes on alleged drug boats

(NBC News) President Donald Trump said in an interview with WABC radio in New York that the U.S. had “knocked out” a Venezuelan facility, a move that would be a major escalation in U.S. military strikes to counter alleged drug-trafficking by the South American country. The apparent attack follows months of U.S. military pressure, including dozens of strikes on boats in international waters. The White House has claimed that the boats carried drugs, though officials have not provided evidence.

Coldwater
Stephen Miller reportedly told White House that they could invoke 18th-century law to expedite deportations

(Latin Times) White House Deputy Chief of Staff Stephen Miller reportedly told White House officials that the Trump administration could expedite deportations through the 18th-century Alien Enemies Act if the U.S. and Venezuela were at war, according to a new report. The revelation is part of a broader report published by The New York Times about Miller and Secretary of State Marco Rubio's leading role in the administration's escalating military campaign against regional cartels and, more specifically, the Nicolas Maduro regime in Venezuela.

BumRushDaShow
Trump's Inner Circle Braces for a New Year's Shakeup

(Daily Beast) President Donald Trump may be plotting a radical purge of top advisers as his administration staggers into the second year of his second stint at the White House. “I think we will see some senior advisers in the West Wing leave,” CBS News’ senior White House reporter Jennifer Jacobs told the network Sunday. Jacobs clarified that Trump’s “main pack” of inner circle advisers—Chief of Staff Susie Wiles, Deputy Chief of Staff Stephen Miller and Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt—are likely to remain insulated from any cull—but said she believed other departures may be possible.

marmar
In 2025, Epstein showed MAGA who they really are

(Salon) The president has spent most of his first year in office engaged in an increasingly frantic but unsuccessful effort to block the release of the infamous Epstein files, the nickname given to the million-plus documents the Justice Department has on the investigation into the wealthy financial manager, who died by suicide in jail in 2019 while awaiting trial for sex trafficking minors. Under Attorney General Pam Bondi, the DOJ has been stalling the release of the files, which were supposed to made available to the public on Dec. 19. But Trump’s most loyal voters, the MAGA base, have developed elaborate mythologies to deny the truth about the president.

KS Toronado
Monday's Condensed News Cartoons

 


ISSUE FORUMS
Liberal YouTubersTrump KICKS OUT PRESS in DISASTER MEETING with Netanyahu - Meidas Touch
Liberal YouTubers⚡️Trump threw Zelenskyy off balance! Everyone was stunned by the reaction. EU responded - War & Politics 24
Liberal YouTubers🚨Trump CAUGHT SPYING on Reporter in EPSTEIN COVER UP?! - Meidas Touch
Liberal YouTubersThey're Like Family" - Trump Voter Shocked His Own Workers Face Deportation - The Logical Leftist
Cable News ClipsFilings reveal new details about D.C. pipe bomb suspect - MS NOW Reports
Cable News ClipsZelenskyy denies Ukraine targeted Putin's residence - ABC News
Liberal YouTubersTrump HIT with RUDE AWAKENING from Supreme Court - Legal AF
Liberal YouTubersWOW: Marjorie Taylor Greene EXPOSES Trump's Epstein SECRET - Brian Tyler Cohen
Foreign AffairsMoscow Safe Zone Broke: Russia Wide Open - Jason Jay Smart
Liberal YouTubersTrump Takes Orders From Putin over War in Ukraine, as Russia Pushes Propaganda Plan upon President - FIVE MINUTE NEWS
CULTURE FORUMS
Music AppreciationThe Charlatans - One To Another (Top of the Pops & The White Room, 1996, & Later With Jools Holland, October 2025)
Music AppreciationGreen Grass & High Tides - The Outlaws
Classical MusicThomas Tallis - 'Spem in alium'
Music AppreciationEagles - Take It To The Limit (Live 1977) (Official Video) [4K]
Music AppreciationREO Speedwagon - Roll with the Changes (Official Video)
Music AppreciationBoston - Don't Look Back (Official Video)
Music AppreciationBoston - More Than a Feeling (Official HD Video)
PoetryHolidays
Music AppreciationThe Green Manalishi (With the Two Pronged Crown) - Judas Priest
Music AppreciationEcho and the Bunnymen - Seven Seas (1984)
ALLIANCE FORUMS
Asian GroupMUCC LIVE IN CONCERT 2009
LGBTTrump makes homophobic dig at Anderson Cooper a day after he fled to a bomb shelter live on air
Catholicism and Orthodox Christianityprayers for the new year
Jewish Group(JEWISH GROUP) A Jewish-Muslim art show builds 'little bridges' of coexistence
Jewish Group(JEWISH GROUP) How hundreds of forgotten klezmer tunes have been rescued from oblivion
Jewish Group(JEWISH GROUP) What if Donald Trump puts his name on the US Holocaust Memorial Museum?
Atheists & AgnosticsI debated a Christian on the Dr Daf Show on Youtube. Here's the video
Atheists & AgnosticsI debated a Christian on the Dr Daf Show on Youtube. Here's the video
Jewish Group(JEWISH GROUP) Jews in Morocco: A small community, often overlooked
Jewish Group(JEWISH GROUP) German painting of Anne Frank in keffiyeh sparks outrage
REGION FORUMS
WashingtonPart of rural Index-Galena road closed due to flood damage
Michigan
CanadaCanadian opposition leader: Pierre Poilievre not popular with young people including 64% of young men:
WashingtonMore Dubious Promises from Lime About the Bike Clutter
IowaIA-SD16:: Iowa Holds Special Election for State Senate District 16 Amid Republican Supermajority Bid
FloridaFlorida Supreme Court Allows $165,000 Fine Against Homeowner for Parking in Her Driveway to Stand
AlabamaPre-filed bill would allow Alabamians with disabilities to receive absentee ballot help
MichiganStatus report: Michigan's federal lawsuits against the Trump administration
South CarolinaAs long as voters make such 'Bright decisions,' nothing will change at Statehouse
MichiganThe Great Lakes are RAGING!!!
TRENDING DISCUSSIONS
36

RECS
Postal Postmark Rules Have Changed
By angrychair
29

RECS
New Year's Eve Concerts at Kennedy Center Are Canceled
By riversedge
27

RECS
Serendipity
By madamesilverspurs
20

RECS
The next time someone says they don't have to apologize for being white,
By applegrove
9

RECS
Give him a second - "it's got all drone, they call it drone-free roof. It's dronessss"
By underpants
GREATEST DISCUSSIONS
172

RECS
States that will be hardest hit if ACA subsidies lapse
By LogDog75
163

RECS
Let me make this pellucidly clear
By malaise
155

RECS
Oh. My. God. Will this madness ever stop!
By Blue_Roses
155

RECS
We see you when you're sleeping
By KS Toronado
144

RECS
A New Yorker cartoon that captures my feelings
By surfered
LATEST BREAKING NEWS
New Year's Eve Concerts at Kennedy Center Are Canceled

2 hrs ago - The jazz drummer Billy Hart said the decision was “evidently” connected to President Trump’s name being added to the arts center. By Adam Nagourney and Neil Vigdor Dec. 29, 2025Updated 7:52 p.m. ET A veteran jazz ensemble and a New Yo ... (nytimes.com)

Exclusive: CIA carried out drone strike on port facility on Venezuelan coast

2 hrs ago - Quotes from the article, 12/29/2025; 10:50 PM EST QUOTE The CIA carried out a drone strike earlier this month on a port facility on the coast of Venezuela, sources familiar with the matter told CNN, marking the first known US attack on a target insid ... (CNN)

Starbucks workers in Reston and McLean seek to unionize amid strike

4 hrs ago - By Angela Woolsey Published December 29, 2025 at 10:00AM Updated December 29, 2025 at 3:30PM Workers at two more Starbucks in Fairfax County could unionize, as a labor strike continues in response to stalled contract negotiations. Petitions for union ... (FFXnow)

Judge dings DOJ for contemplating warrantless search of Comey friend's files 'in direct contravention' of court orders

5 hrs ago - Dec 29th, 2025, 10:18 am A federal judge over the weekend tersely reminded the DOJ that it cannot simply search the long ago seized files of James Comey's former lawyer and friend for "classified material" absent a "valid search warrant," as the gov ... (Law & Crime)

Colorado revokes hundreds of CDLs after feds threaten to withhold $24M in funding from state

5 hrs ago - Posted 11:21 AM, Dec 29, 2025 and last updated 1:46 PM, Dec 29, 2025 The Colorado Department of Motor Vehicles canceled 262 commercial driver’s licenses (CDLs) after an internal audit—prompted by federal findings—determined they were i ... (Scripps News)

Doctors' effort to end bias training won't get Ninth Circuit rehearing

6 hrs ago - December 29, 2025 (CN) — The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, on Monday, declined to rehear a petition filed by a group of doctors and a conservative advocacy group that were suing California over a 2019 law requiring doctors to take 50 hours of ... (Courthouse News Service)

Trump Says Netanyahu Pardon 'On Its Way'; Herzog's Office Disputes It

6 hrs ago - Dec. 29, 2025, at 2:40 p.m. PALM BEACH, Florida, Dec 29 (Reuters) - ‌U.S. ​President Donald Trump said on ‌Monday that Israeli President Isaac Herzog had told him a ​pardon for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was “on its ... (US News and World Report/Reuters)

Working Families bet on 2026 as the right time for a third US party after a wave of wins

7 hrs ago - Mon 29 Dec 2025 07.00 EST Last modified on Mon 29 Dec 2025 07.03 EST The “time has come” for the Working Families party, the progressive third party’s national director said after a year of big wins and a growing hunger among voters fo ... (The Guardian)

Trump admin can share immigrants' Medicaid data with ICE, judge rules

7 hrs ago - 12/29/2025 05:18 PM EST A federal judge ruled Monday that the Trump administration can resume sharing location data about undocumented immigrants receiving public health insurance benefits with Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, starting next mont ... (Politico)

Many Filipino healthcare workers in the US live in fear of ICE: 'This is my place of work. I should feel safe'

7 hrs ago - Mon 29 Dec 2025 10.00 EST Last modified on Mon 29 Dec 2025 12.06 EST In the Philippines, she spent three years providing end-of-life care for a family’s grandmother. When the grandmother died, family members told the healthcare worker to arrange ... (The Guardian)

DOJ stalling case against 2020 election denier accused of planting bombs 'outside the RNC and DNC' day before Jan. 6

8 hrs ago - Dec 29th, 2025, 12:39 pm Newly released court documents accused a Virginia man of confessing to planting pipe bombs "outside" the headquarters of the Republican National Committee and the Democratic National Committee in Washington, D.C., just one d ... (Law & Crime)

US could block asylum on public health grounds under Trump regulation

9 hrs ago - December 29, 2025 12:02 PM EST Updated 4 hours ago WASHINGTON, Dec 29 (Reuters) - The U.S. could deny migrants access to asylum on the grounds they present a public health risk under a newly finalized regulation drafted during the COVID-19 pandemic i ... (Reuters)

McIver files appeal after judge rejects effort to dismiss charges against her

10 hrs ago - 12/29/25 1:50 PM ET Rep. LaMonica McIver (D-N.J.) on Monday appealed a judge’s order allowing her criminal prosecution to proceed. McIver’s notice of appeal begins her fight at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit, which hears fed ... (The Hill)

More than 75% of US adults may meet criteria for obesity under new definition: Study

10 hrs ago - December 29, 2025, 1:23 PM A new definition of obesity could nearly double the prevalence of U.S. adults with the condition, according to a study published Monday. For decades, doctors have relied on body mass index (BMI) -- a tool that uses height a ... (The Guardian)

Telluride Ski Resort Closed Indefinitely As Ski Patrol Union Strikes

10 hrs ago - Telluride Ski Resort was closed yesterday for the second consecutive day in the midst of a ski patrol union strike aimed at securing better wages and will remain so indefinitely. by Unofficial Networks 5 hours ago Telluride Ski Resort was closed yest ... (Unofficial Networks)

China stages military drills around Taiwan to warn 'external forces' after US, Japan tensions

11 hrs ago - Updated 12:09 PM EST, December 29, 2025 HONG KONG (AP) — China’s military on Monday dispatched air, navy and missile units to conduct joint live-fire drills around the island of Taiwan, which Beijing called a “stern warning” again ... (AP)

French split over Brigitte Bardot tribute due to her far right views

12 hrs ago - Updated on: December 29, 2025 / 8:14 AM EST Paris — French politicians were divided on Monday over how to pay tribute to the late Brigitte Bardot who, despite her screen legend, courted controversy — and convictions — in later life wi ... (CBS News/AFP)

US allots at least $147 million per state for rural health in 2026

13 hrs ago - December 29, 2025 11:18 AM EST Updated 27 mins ago Dec 29 (Reuters) - The Trump administration will award between $147 million and $281 million to each U.S. state in 2026 under a new rural health transformation program aimed at improving access to ca ... (Reuters)

Russia says Ukraine tried to attack Putin's residence but Kyiv says Moscow is lying

14 hrs ago - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday that Ukraine had tried to attack President Vladimir Putin's residence in northern Russia and so Moscow's negotiating position would be reviewed, but Ukraine said it was a lie. Russia said Ukraine ... (Reuters)

Trump says the U.S. took out a 'big facility' in Venezuela amid strikes on alleged drug boats

14 hrs ago - Dec. 29, 2025, 9:05 AM EST WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said in an interview with WABC radio in New York that the U.S. had “knocked out” a Venezuelan facility, a move that would be a major escalation in U.S. military strikes to ... (NBC News)

LATEST VIDEOS
Trump KICKS OUT PRESS in DISASTER MEETING with Netanyahu - Meidas Touch
⚡️Trump threw Zelenskyy off balance! Everyone was stunned by the reaction. EU responded - War & Politics 24
🚨Trump CAUGHT SPYING on Reporter in EPSTEIN COVER UP?! - Meidas Touch
They're Like Family" - Trump Voter Shocked His Own Workers Face Deportation - The Logical Leftist
Filings reveal new details about D.C. pipe bomb suspect - MS NOW Reports
Zelenskyy denies Ukraine targeted Putin's residence - ABC News
Trump HIT with RUDE AWAKENING from Supreme Court - Legal AF
WOW: Marjorie Taylor Greene EXPOSES Trump's Epstein SECRET - Brian Tyler Cohen
Moscow Safe Zone Broke: Russia Wide Open - Jason Jay Smart
Trump Takes Orders From Putin over War in Ukraine, as Russia Pushes Propaganda Plan upon President - FIVE MINUTE NEWS
Former GOP Rep. Charlie Dent: GOP 'big tent' was never meant to include 'Nazis or Klansmen!' - The Weeknight - MS NOW
Rep. Madeleine Dean challenges GOP: 'Have a backbone' as Americans struggle with health care costs - The Weeknight MS NOW
Economist: Trump's pricing pitch like a 'bandage over a bullet wound' - The Weeknight - MS NOW
'Drip, drip, drip': Legal experts warn DOJ delays on Epstein files could backfire - The Weeknight - MS NOW
Trump 2024 Voters Slam Him In Focus Groups - Raw News And Politics
Trump STUMBLES In Public MALFUNCTION - Really American
REAL DOCTOR examines bizarre TRENDING photos of the trump FELON (he has a new diagnosis)
Let's talk about Trump, Putin, Zelenskyy, and Ukraine.... - Belle of the Ranch
🚨 Judge BLOWS UP Trump's BLUFF and FORCES His INNER CIRCLE to TESTIFY - Talking Feds
Trump DOJ Gets CRUSHED by FEDERAL JUDGES at the SAME TIME - Legal AF
Back to the top
Enter Discussion Forums
Home | Latest Discussions | Greatest Discussions | Latest Videos | All Forums

About | Copyright | Privacy | Terms of service | Contact

In Memoriam

© 2001 - 2025 Democratic Underground, LLC. Thank you for visiting.