A sua marca vista por milhões nos melhores espaços publicitários | Denakop Home Publisher Advertiser About Contact Publisher Advertiser About Contact PT ES PT ES Your brand seen by millions in the best advertising spaces The best solution for delivering branding campaigns Get in touch Advertisers Leverage your campaigns with a premium inventory Denakop's platform brings together more than 350 partner publishers that together add up to an inventory of more than 21 billion pageviews annually that can be leveraged by advertisers of all sizes to run campaigns with qualified audiences and reach throughout Brazil. Talk to Denakop Ours Big Numbers We are a platform directly connected to the inventory of more than 350 Brazilian websites, ensuring the reach of our formats in all regions and cities of the country. 2 BI impressions per month 90%* of viewability *average percentage for high impact formats 80 millions of users per month Monthly inventory volume - Brazil Data: Google Ad Manager: january, 2022. North: 78 milions North East: 375 milions Midwest: 247 milions Southeast: 1 billion South: 305 milions 2 billion The best solutions for your advertising campaign Boost your business and increase your brand visibility to new audiences with special formats. Direct advertising purchase Optimize your advertising dollars with a world-class platform, connected to the most important publishers in the market. Advanced segmentation Reach targeted audiences and deliver personalized messages to your customers and prospects. High impact formats Native advertising formats in strategic positions on premium sites with a viewability rate above 90% provide greater chances of attracting visits and generating conversions. Customer Success A specialized team with extensive experience in managing direct sales campaigns will monitor your campaign. Audit and measurement Integrated analytics of all your media campaigns and KPI tracking to streamline marketing decision making. Let's plan your advertising together contact us Formats with viewability over 90%* Formats with viewability over 90%* What is viewability? Considered one of the main campaign effectiveness metrics, it indicates how many times the ad was seen by the public and had a chance to convert. Low viewability prevents any campaign from succeeding. *Media for high impact formats MORE What are the advantages? Unlike other platforms that have publisher-defined advertising formats, Denakop implements automatic formats that are displayed in standardized locations. Ensure delivery quality and viewability. MORE Relationship straight with you Maintaining a direct connection with our editors is essential to ensure an inventory result and performance. You can count on our assistance 24 hours a day through our service channels. Our service channels Talk to Denakop Home Publisher Advertiser About Contact 2026 Denakop © insured by Price Waterhouse Coopers. Terms of Use and Privacy Policies Obrigado entrar em contato! Você receberá um email de confirmação e logo após nossa equipe entrará em contato com você para finalizar o processo! ENTENDI