Integrated Marketing Agency | Building Global Brands | dentsu APAC Skip to main content Asia Pacific Menu Close Global (English) Dentsu Group ( English | 日本語 ) Language Menu Africa (English) Asia Pacific (English) Australia (English) Austria (Deutsch) Benelux (Nederland | English ) Brazil (English | Portuguese ) Canada (Français | English ) China (中文 | English ) Denmark (Dansk) Finland (Suomi) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Greece (English) Hungary (Hungarian | English ) India (English) Indonesia (English) Ireland (English) Israel (English) Italy (Italiano) Japan (English | 日本語 ) MENA (English) New Zealand (English) Norway (Norsk) Poland (Polski) Southeast Europe (English) Spain (Spanish) Switzerland (English) Sweden (English) Taiwan (中文 | English ) Turkey (English) UK (English) USA (English) Main Menu Home Who we are dentsu Our agencies Our leadership Dentsu Global Services Our work Insights Our latest thinking Blog Solutions News Sustainability Careers Contact Us Reach out to us Our offices Innovating to Impact Go to Introduction We are dentsu The integrated growth and transformation partner to the world’s leading organizations, nurturing and developing innovations that drive outcomes. We push the boundaries of business transformation and sustainable growth for brands, people and society. Our client promise: Innovating to Impact Dentsu increases the potential for innovation to happen, creating experiences that can enrich every business. See what our global team of innovators and integrators can do for you. Find out more In a world of complexity, we offer simplicity through consistent, world-class services and integrated solutions. Dentsu Creative Australia: The Iconic Dentsu Creative: Face of Courage Dentsu Creative Thailand: Zero Pollution Zebra Dentsu Indonesia: Rentokil's "The Horroroach" Dentsu New Zealand "FreshChoice: Aid Aisle" Discover more of our work Instinctive generosity is what guides us. That’s why we develop research and analysis that leads debate in the industry. Superpowers Index: How B2B Brands win in the AI Era The Superpowers Index is the largest ever systematic study of B2B buying behavior globally. We’ve been running it annually since 2021 and, with over 16,000 interviews in the databank, it gives us a unique insight into the changing behaviors of B2B buyers. Discover how leading brands are accelerating deal cycles, leveraging AI for seamless buyer experiences, and turning data-driven insight into commercial growth. Download now Download Now Our network Find out about our network Policies Privacy policy Terms and Conditions Cookies Beware of Scams Contact Sitemap Connect Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on YouTube Notwithstanding any actions or statements by the Dentsu Group globally or outside the U.S., it will continue to abide by all applicable laws and regulations in the U.S. Any statements or actions that purport to relate to the Dentsu Group and are inconsistent with U.S. law or guidance should be interpreted as, and deemed, not applicable to the U.S.