The Denver Post – Colorado breaking news, sports, business, weather, entertainment. Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 28°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 Digital Replica Edition Home Page News Latest Headlines Colorado News Politics Crime and Public Safety Courts National News World News Education Health Environment Transportation Housing News Obituaries Photos Video Your Hub Weather Sports Sports Sports Columnists Denver Broncos Colorado Rockies Denver Nuggets Colorado Avalanche Colorado Rapids Olympics College Sports Preps Betting Golf Boxing / MMA Sports on TV/Radio Sports Podcasts Olympics Business Business Real Estate Airlines Economy Energy Retail Technology Best Reviews The Know The Know Food and Drink Art Culture Movies TV & Streaming Music Theater Travel Family Friendly Bars Beer Outdoors Outdoors Hiking Fall Colors Cycling Fitness Running Camping Fishing Hunting Water Sports Skiing Snowboarding Winter Sports Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Cartoons Endorsements Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Things To Do Things To Do Event Calendar Television Listings Comics Games Horoscopes Advice Home & Garden Free and Cheap Cannabis Recipes Denver Post Store Classifieds Classifieds Automotive Homes Jobs Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint Subscribe Log In Logout Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up Subscribe Log In Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up Subscribe Log In Search The Denver Post 28°F Wednesday, December 31st 2025 Digital Replica Edition News Sports Business The Know Outdoors Opinion Classifieds Obituaries Trending: New CO laws take effect Jan. 1 New Year’s Eve parties 🍾 NYE transportation 🚍 Featured New Colorado family tax credits cut child poverty by nearly 41%. Can the state afford to keep them going? "It's disappointing to know we're in this situation, when these credits ... did have such a tremendous impact on low-income Coloradans and lowering child poverty," state Rep. Emily Sirota said. Conspiracy theorist-podcaster joins crowded GOP race for Colorado governor, but will candidacy ‘go nowhere’? More Denver city workers will begin unionizing as voter-passed collective bargaining, new rules take effect Plans submitted to convert 11-story Holiday Inn in Denver into housing Denver health systems are adding more than $800 million in new hospital floors, clinics Latest Headlines Discounted DCPA tickets, tree recycling and other free or cheap things to do in January 47 minutes ago Things to do: New Year’s Day hikes, Disney’s ‘Frozen’ in Arvada, and more 47 minutes ago Colorado’s most heartbreaking brewery closures of 2025 47 minutes ago Which Avalanche players could make 2026 Olympics rosters? 1 hour ago Joe Oltmann for Colorado governor? Please, spare us another Republican candidate obsessed with chemtrails and Tina Peters (Opinion) 2 hours ago Asking Eric: Friend’s outburst ruins game night 2 hours ago Daily Horoscope for December 31, 2025 7 hours ago Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular A Fort Collins family is trying to raise millions to test gene therapy that could help kids trapped in bodies they can’t move A Fort Collins family is trying to raise millions to test gene therapy that could help kids trapped in bodies they can't move Denver’s minimum wage increase at start of 2026 will make it one of the highest in the U.S. Denver’s minimum wage increase at start of 2026 will make it one of the highest in the U.S. The saddest Denver-area restaurant closings of 2025 The saddest Denver-area restaurant closings of 2025 Nikola Jokic out 4 weeks with left knee hyperextension but avoids ACL injury Nikola Jokic out 4 weeks with left knee hyperextension but avoids ACL injury The Book Club: A former Pulitzer winner returns with an epic tale set in ancient Pacific Island nations The Book Club: A former Pulitzer winner returns with an epic tale set in ancient Pacific Island nations One of the rarest animal adaptations in the world happens in the winter in Colorado One of the rarest animal adaptations in the world happens in the winter in Colorado Nuggets’ Nikola Jokic suffers knee injury, leaves game in Miami Nuggets' Nikola Jokic suffers knee injury, leaves game in Miami Northglenn assisted living staff neglected resident before her death, lawsuit alleges Northglenn assisted living staff neglected resident before her death, lawsuit alleges How does Monarch have so much ski terrain open despite so little snow? How does Monarch have so much ski terrain open despite so little snow? Denver voters will decide whether to ban foie gras, keep it off restaurant menus Denver voters will decide whether to ban foie gras, keep it off restaurant menus Denver Broncos Should Sean Payton win coach of the year? (Broncos Mailbag) In this week's mailbag, readers wonder if Broncos coach Sean Payton should win coach of the year and also have questions about J.K. Dobbins, John Franklin-Myers' future and much more Broncos QB Bo Nix’s ‘Overdogs’ slogan has raised over $25,000 to combat homelessness in Denver Broncos 2025 NFL power rankings tracker: How national experts rank Denver entering Week 18 Chargers QB Justin Herbert, others won’t play vs. Broncos in Week 18 Renck vs. Gabriel: Will run game undermine Broncos without J.K. Dobbins? Colorado News Former US Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, of Colorado, dies at 92 Campbell died of natural causes surrounded by his family, his daughter, Shanan Campbell, confirmed to The Associated Press. Demo day: Seven notable buildings that came down in 2025 Suspect in fatal Brighton crash told police he was not in the car during crash Northglenn assisted living staff neglected resident before her death, lawsuit alleges Nikola Jokic out 4 weeks with left knee hyperextension but avoids ACL injury The Know Red Rocks broke records in attendance, rankings in 2025 The 2025 concert season at the world-famous Morrison venue was one of its longest yet. One of the rarest animal adaptations in the world happens in the winter in Colorado The saddest Denver-area restaurant closings of 2025 Asking Eric: Sister sends gifts despite repeated requests to stop Telluride remains closed to skiing with patrollers on strike Photos PHOTOS: Denver Broncos beat Kansas City Chiefs 20-13 in NFL Week 17 The Denver Broncos faced the Kansas City Chiefs at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri on Christmas Day, December 25, 2025. Denver won 20-13. PHOTOS: Denver Broncos fall to Jacksonville Jaguars 34-20 in NFL Week 16 PHOTOS: Denver Broncos clinched playoff berth after defeating the Green Bay Packers 34-26 in NFL Week 15 PHOTOS: Dakota Ridge Defeats Palmer Ridge 38-14, Winning The Class 4A State Football Championship PHOTOS: Cherry Creek Bruins Defeat The Ralston Valley Mustangs 56-28, Winning The Class 5A State Championship PHOTOS: Denver Broncos defeat Las Vegas Raiders 24-17 in 10th straight win, NFL Week 14 PHOTOS: Denver Broncos beat division rival Kansas City Chiefs 22-19 in NFL Week 11 Show More Photos PHOTOS: Cherry Creek Bruins defeat Valor Christian Eagles 21-13, advance to title game PHOTOS: Cherry Creek Bruins defeat the Fairview Knights 49-28 in the class 5A quarterfinal game PHOTOS: Valor Christian Eagles defeat the Legend Titans 31-30 in the Class 5A Football Quarterfinal Game PHOTOS: Denver Broncos beat Las Vegas Raiders 10-7 during NFL Week 10 PHOTOS: Denver Broncos come back to beat New York Giants 33-32 in NFL Week 7 PHOTOS: Thousands gather for ‘No Kings’ protest in Denver PHOTOS: Denver Broncos beat New York Jets, 13-11, in London during NFL Week 6 PHOTOS: Denver Broncos upset Philadelphia Eagles 21-17 in NFL Week 5 PHOTOS: Denver Broncos trounce Cincinnati Bengals 28-3 in NFL Week 4 Photos: 2025 Emmy Awards red carpet standout fashion moments PHOTOS: Denver Broncos top Tennessee Titans 20-12 in Week 1 of NFL football PHOTOS: Mighty Argo Cable Car gondola towers installed above Idaho Springs Sports Renck: New CU AD Fernando Lovo’s first task? Demand Deion Sanders follow new blueprint. Which brings us back to Lovo. A man-to-man conversation with Sanders is necessary to help... Patriots star WR Stefon Diggs ‘categorically denies’ allegations in criminal case Avalanche power-play issues continue, but so does hot streak in 5-2 win Nuggets’ Nikola Jokic suffers knee injury, leaves game in Miami Colorado QB Ryan Staub plans to enter transfer portal Restaurants, Food and Drink Cheese balls are back. How to make this classic party dish cool again Cheese balls might seem cliché, but they can be a hit at any gathering. Recipe: Sweet and spicy Korean fried chicken will fire you up Recipe: The secret to the easiest New Year’s party spread This Boulder mill is on a mission to prove local flour means better flavor Another decade-old Denver brewery to close soon Politics Trump administration says it’s freezing child care funds to Minnesota after series of fraud schemes The announcement comes after the $300 million scheme at the nonprofit Feeding Our Future. In a tumultuous year, US health policy has been dramatically reshaped under RFK Jr. Judge blocks White House’s attempt to defund the CFPB, ensuring employees get paid ‘Trump’s EPA’ in 2025: A fossil fuel-friendly approach to deregulation Denver voters will decide whether to ban foie gras, keep it off restaurant menus National News Today in History: December 31, Russian President Boris Yeltsin resigns Russian President Boris Yeltsin resigned, making Prime Minister Vladimir Putin acting president. Nearly 25 Islamic State fighters killed or captured in Syria, US military says Idaho company recalls nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef for E. coli risk The year’s first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Today in History: December 30, Bill Cosby charged with sexual assault Opinion Keeping the Rockies running requires the right to repair our shuttle vehicles (Opinion) At 3 a.m. on a winter morning, when most Coloradans are still asleep, our shuttle... UCHealth’s commitment to caring for Coloradans in need is not shown in misleading report on profits (Opinion) Colorado got schooled by the courts on our constitutional freedoms, again in 2025 (Opinion) Should alcohol mix with your holiday mixer? (Opinion) What will Trump’s marijuana adjustment mean for Colorado’s cannabis industry? (Opinion) Business Developer sues Denver, says rules threaten $20M Globeville housing project Fox Street Investments calls “Fox Island Rules” unconstitutional and vague. Denargo Market to open beer garden in 2026 Coloradans put ALDI at the top of their grocery list. Will their wish come true? Landlocked Colorado’s seaplane enthusiasts want fewer takeoff and landing restrictions on state waters L&G acquires The Alder apartments in Parker for $97.2 million Outdoors How does Monarch have so much ski terrain open despite so little snow? Monarch Mountain's operations team has figured out ways to make a little go a long... Telluride Ski Resort to close for Christmas weekend ski patrol strike Outlook remains grim for ski resort snowfall through the end of the year Huge Longmont climbing gym is closed for repairs after wind nearly tore the roof off Power outages force Colorado ski resort to close for the day Real Estate Sponsored: The great color comeback: Why homebuyers are ditching neutrals Homebuyers are embracing vibrant design and resilience in equal measure, according to Zillow's 2026 Home... Co-owners of Little Bear Saloon in Evergreen settle dispute out of court, avoiding receivership Former Blake Street Tavern building in LoDo purchased by Denver investment firm for $7.5M Is metro Denver’s weak condo market signaling wider troubles ahead? Luxury penthouse in Downtown Denver sells for $3.9M after hefty price reduction Travel Riding the Mushroom Train for fungi, fine wine and forest conservation Once a year, Mendocino Area Parks Association (MendoParks), invites folks to join them on the... Vaccines, masks and more: What CDC recommends for holiday travelers Foreigners allowed to travel to the US without a visa could soon face new social media screening Colorado winter cabins and yurts that you can ski (or sometimes drive) to Sick of ski traffic and crowds? Try these family-friendly winter activities instead Best Reviews The best doormats to keep floors clean There is nothing worse than tracking dirt into a clean home. With a quality doormat,... Bundle up your dog with the best dog hoodies Level up with the best Dell desktop computer The best Canon DSLR cameras anyone can master Best service vests for dogs Events Subscribe News Alerts Submit a News Tip Member Services Become a Member Digital Subscription FAQ Place a Hold Digital Replica Edition Sitemap Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Contact Us Careers Denver Post Store Place an Obituary Advertise With Us Network Advertising Privacy Policy Accessibility Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group Close