Skip Ribbon Commands
Skip to main content
DePaul University
DePaul Shortcuts
Submit Search
About
Academics
Admission & Aid
Student Life
Alumni & Friends
Request Info
Apply
DEPAUL UNIVERSITY

An Urban Education, a Global Perspective
Entrepreneurship program ranked #12
Read more from the Princeton Review


 
21,210

Total Number of Students
 Academic Year in 4 Quarters:
FALL WINTER
SPRING SUMMER
 
 
60%
Students Complete an Internship
 
3,800+
students serve at over 200+ organizations worldwide
 
214,000+
Alumni in DePaul Network
 
72%
Freshmen Live On Campus
Learn more about DePaul
 
Academics
130+ Undergraduate Majors
170+ Graduate Programs
10 Colleges & Schools
Explore Campus Virtually
Learn more about our Lincoln Park and Loop campuses.
Take the Virtual Campus Tour
We Are DePaul
Explore DePaul and Chicago through the student lens.
#MakingAnImpact
Being part of Team IMPACT has taught me how to balance my busy college life.
#ChicagoSummer
So much to do in our city during summer!
#OTWWB
To show our Blue Demon spirit, we wear blue every Thursday!
#10DaysInItaly
Last summer, I traveled to Rome and Florence through the FY@broad program. It was amazing!
#ChicagoCampus
The city is our campus!
Applying to DePaul
Learn about admission
Visit DePaul
Connect with us in virtual and on-campus visits
Request More Info
Join our mailing list to learn more about DePaul and what you’re interested in here.
Fill out the form
News and Headlines
$2.6 million gift launches Business Technology Leadership Institute | Leveraging AI to support Chicago’s migrants | Chicago Quarter fosters first-year student success | Read more stories at Newsroom
Give to DePaul

Create endless opportunities for countless current students. Make your gift to support DePaul today!

Give Today
Our Commitment to Anti-Discrimination

DePaul University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, family relationship status, physical or mental disability, military status, genetic information or other status protected by local, state or federal law in matters of admissions, employment, housing, scholarships, loans, athletics and other school-administered programs. Individuals who believe they have been subjected to discrimination, harassment or retaliation are encouraged to report what happened.

DePaul also complies with federal and state laws that prohibit discrimination, including Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and its implementing regulations. To that end, DePaul prohibits discrimination based on sex (including sexual harassment) in the university’s educational programs and activities, including in matters of employment and admissions. Any alleged violations of this policy or questions specific to sex discrimination (including sexual misconduct and sexual harassment) should be directed to DePaul’s Title IX Coordinator/Director of Gender Equity. Visit DePaul’s Title IX website for contact information and to learn about more options for reporting allegations of sex or gender-based discrimination, harassment or violence.

DePaul University

Apply
Request Info
Visit Campus
Directory


1 E. Jackson Blvd.
Chicago, IL 60604
(312) 362-8000


Library
Athletics
Careers
Events


DePaul on Facebook
 
DePaul on Twitter
 
DePaul on Instagram
© 2001-2025 DePaul University | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Emergency Plan | Consumer Information | IBHE Complaints | Privacy Statement |
Editor Login