DePauw University - A Private Liberal Arts College DePauw University Students Families Employees Alumni Search Academics Academics Develop the leadership skills, critical thinking and experience necessary to lead in today’s world. Our brilliant faculty and co-curricular liberal arts approach make this transformation possible. Discover More Academics Majors & Minors College of Liberal Arts and Sciences The Creative School School of Business and Leadership The Institute of Music Honor Scholars & Fellow Programs Centers at DePauw Academic Resources Study Abroad Research Internships Admission & Aid Admission & Aid Your college degree is a vital investment in your future. We partner with you and your family to ensure the accessibility of our extraordinary academic and residential programs. Discover More Admission & Aid Apply Scholarships & Aid The DePauw Promise Plan Your Visit Contact Admission Admitted Students Campus Life Campus Life Experience college life in high definition on our very involved and interconnected campus. With over 100 clubs and organizations plus a continuous calendar of community activities, there is no shortage of opportunity to get involved. Discover More Campus Life Activities and Organizations Performing Arts & Culture Diversity and Inclusion Living on Campus Spiritual Life Greek Life Wellness Athletics About About DePauw Discover a transformative learning environment that empowers you to be influential; to make a tangible difference on a global scale. Here you won’t just earn an education, you’ll live it. Discover More About President White Institution Location History & Traditions Quick Facts Our Community Stories Button Menu Visit Apply Get Info Give Especially Grateful to be DePauw Meet our Community Take the Next Step At DePauw, curiosity sparks every journey. Whether you’re ready to apply or just exploring what’s possible, we’ll help you find your direction and make your mark. Schedule a Visit Apply Now Request Info Academics Big Ideas. Small Classes. Experience challenging academics with the focus and support you deserve. In our small classes, professors know your name – and your goals – helping you make real impact. Find Your Major Campus Get to Know Us Visit DePauw Take a Virtual Tour Request Info Student Life Play. Connect. Lead. Compete. Unleash your passions – on stage, on the field, or in one of 100+ student clubs. Join a community where you'll build friendships that last a lifetime. Explore Student Life How DePauw stands out among the best liberal arts colleges #9 Most Innovative Schools U.S. News & World Report Top 7% Lifetime Career Earnings Center on Education and the Workforce 100% Calculated Need Met Incoming First-Year Students, Fall 2026 News and Stories More Stories Student and Professor Share Unexpected Writing Journey Many students might see an English course titled Hermit Crabs and Borrowed Forms and immediately wonder what crustaceans have to do with creative writing. But when Eliana Alzate ’26 saw that title, she knew it would be a perfect environment for her to grow as a writer. Read the Story Four in a Row! DePauw Wins 131st Monon Bell Classic For the fourth consecutive year, the DePauw Tigers have concluded the regular season with a victory in one of the nation’s most storied collegiate football rivalries. Read the Story Entrepreneurs Eric Fruth ’02 and Matt DeLeon ’02 Are Running More Than a Business Behind the success of the Columbus Running Company is a pair of DePauw alumni whose experiences as student-athletes Read the Story Here I am, 20 years later, instructing students in the same classroom where the light came on for me. Greg Schwipps Associate Professor of English and Associate Chair of the English Department Upcoming Events More Events Jan 16 MLK Breakfast Green Center for Performing Arts Learn More Jan 16 Behind the Scenes: Permanent Collection Overview* The Richard E. Peeler Art Center Learn More Feb 04 DePauw Debate - Open to All Students! Union Building, Conference Room 230B Learn More DePauw University DePauw University 204 E. Seminary Greencastle, Indiana 46135-0037 Phone (765) 658-4800 Academics Admission & Aid Campus Life Athletics About Strategic Plan Directories Library Events News Employment Moodle E-Services Google Apps Schedule a visit © 2025 DePauw University. All rights reserved.  DePauw University admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms and Conditions | Notice at Collection | Your Privacy Choices | Non-Discrimination Policy | Title IX