Online broker for trading anytime, anywhere | Deriv Trading  Trade CFDs  Options  Markets Forex  Derived Indices  Stocks  Stock Indices  Commodities  Cryptocurrencies  ETFs  Deposits & withdrawals Payment methods  Tools MT5 Signals  Trading Calculator  Promotions Spread advantage hours  Deriv trading competitions Compete risk-free with virtual funds and stand a chance to win real cash prizes. Learn more  Platforms  CFDs trading Deriv MT5  Copy trading Deriv Nakala  Deriv cTrader  Options trading Deriv Trader  Deriv Bot  Deriv Go  SmartTrader  Deriv Trader Trade options on financial markets and 24/7 Derived Indices. Learn more  Learning & support  Learn Deriv Academy  Deriv Blog  Glossary  Get support Help centre  Community  Contact us  Deriv Academy Expert guides on how to become a trader Learn more  About  Who we are  Why choose us  Regulatory information  Secure & responsible trading  Careers  Newsroom  Why choose us For over 25 years, Deriv has been a trusted partner of traders worldwide. Learn more  Partners   en fr ar pt es ru vi bn si tr sw zh-CN zh-TW ko it de pl uz  English  Français  العربية  Português  Español  Русский  Tiếng Việt  বাংলা  සිංහල  Türkçe  Kiswahili  简体中文  繁體中文  한국어  Italiano  Deutsch  Polski  O'zbek  Trader's Hub Log in Open account Trader's Hub Log in Open account Login   Trader's Hub Log in Open account Trading for Anyone Anywhere Anytime Widest range of products, markets, platforms with 24/7 customer support. Trader's Hub Open account 4.4 out of 5 based on 69,688 reviews Trade with confidence For over 25 years, Deriv Group has been a trusted partner of traders worldwide. Best Trading Experience - Global UF Awards 2025 Broker of the Year - Global Finance Magnates 2024 168M+ Monthly deals 3M+ Customers worldwide $650B+ Monthly volume 1999 Established since Most Trusted Broker UF Awards 2024 Best Customer Service - Global Global Forex Awards 2024 All your markets in one place Forex Forex Trade the most popular currency pairs with high leverage, tight spreads, and fast execution. Learn more  Derived Indices Derived Indices Trade 24/7 on exclusive Synthetic and Derived Indices. Choose volatility levels that match your strategy. Learn more  Stocks Stocks Trade global market leaders like Apple, Tesla, and NVIDIA. Learn more  Commodities Commodities Trade gold, silver, oil, natural gas, sugar, and more. Learn more  Cryptos Cryptos Trade round the clock on the volatility of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum. Learn more  Stock Indices Stock Indices Trade offerings that track the top global stock indices. Learn more  Trade all day night Cryptocurrencies and our unique Synthetic Indices are available 24/7. Trader's Hub Open account Trade the way you want Copy expert traders Copy expert traders On Deriv cTrader, tap into the expertise of seasoned traders. Follow their strategies, and mirror their trades automatically. Explore Deriv cTrader  Power of MT5 with 24/7 trading Power of MT5 with 24/7 trading Deriv MT5 brings you the world’s favourite platform with the widest range of forex, stocks, commodities, cryptocurrencies, and exclusive Derived Indices with zero commissions and swap-free trading. Explore Deriv MT5  Optimised payouts, limited downsides Optimised payouts, limited downsides On Deriv Trader, you’ll never lose more than you put in. Know your maximum risk upfront when trading global markets and round-the-clock indices. Explore Deriv Trader  Automate your trades Automate your trades Deriv Bot keeps your strategies running on 24/7 exclusive indices and traditional markets. Trade with predetermined risk - no surprises, no coding required. Explore Deriv Bot  Your money, your way Quick deposits, easy withdrawals, and 60+ payment options mean your money is always accessible. *Availability of payment methods and processing speeds may vary based on location and selected payment option. Learn more  Get answers when you need We don’t have opening or closing hours. That means you can speak to our Support whenever you need, wherever you are. What our customers say Trading with Deriv has been great. It has beautiful low spreads and there are options where you can choose the best or suitable trading account. Also, withdrawals on the same day are fantastic. Deriv is the best broker. Please keep it up. Tshepang Israel Phake Deriv is an easy and smooth trading experience, better than any other platform. Also, the peer-to-peer transaction, I find it revolutionary and the best for us traders in third-world countries. tinashe kurebwaseka Deriv is the best trading platform. I never had difficulty in trading for more than 5 years. Thank you Deriv for your present in trading world. ezra hutabarat I'm happy with the service provided. Deriv always updates me on what's happening and gives daily statements of accounts. And the staff is very responsive and always ready to assist. Wandile S'busiso Ninela Deriv is by far the best binary options brokerage. It has over 5 different types of binary options unlike other brokers. The payments are fast and it’s really amazing. Thanks Deriv. philip sserugunda Superb support. No hassle at all with withdrawals. Perfect trading conditions. Everything a trader could look for! Jolin Jantjies I have been trading with Deriv for some years and I haven't encountered any problems with it. Deposits and withdrawals are smooth. I have recommended it to many people. Loide Simaneka Shikwambi Ekand Get started in 3 simple steps Sign up Sign up in minutes. Practise with a zero-risk demo account. Deposit Use your favourite local payment method to fund your account. Trade Start your trading journey. Join 3 M+ Traders Trader's Hub Open account Trader's Hub Open account Page unavailable You’ve landed on a page that isn’t currently offered in your location. Go to homepage Ask AI for a summary of Deriv Trade  Trade CFDs Options Markets  Markets Forex Derived Indices Stocks Stock Indices Commodities Cryptocurrencies ETFs Platforms  Platforms Deriv MT5 Deriv Nakala Deriv cTrader Deriv Trader Deriv GO Deriv Bot SmartTrader  Deriv P2P Developer Tools  Developer tools Deriv API  Payments  Payments Payment methods Learn  Learn Deriv Academy  Deriv Experts  Deriv Blog Glossary Support  Support Help centre Community  Status page  About  About Who we are Why choose us Our principles Contact us Careers  Deriv<ed>  Deriv Life  Newsroom Partner with us  Partner with us Deriv Partners  Deriv Prime  API Partnerships  Legal  Legal Regulatory information Terms & conditions Privacy policy Secure & responsible trading Fraud prevention Deriv GO Trade Multipliers and Accumulator Options on our mobile app. Scan to download *The availability of Deriv GO depends on your country of residence. This website may use automated translations for your convenience. However, the English version is the definitive version and will prevail in the event of any discrepancy. ‍ Deriv Investments (Europe) Limited is licensed and regulated by the Malta Financial Services Authority under the Investment Services Act. Deriv (FX) Ltd is licensed by the Labuan Financial Services Authority. Deriv (BVI) Ltd is licensed by the British Virgin Islands Financial Services Commission. Deriv (V) Ltd is licensed and regulated by the Vanuatu Financial Services Commission. Deriv (Mauritius) Ltd is licensed by the Financial Services Commission, Mauritius. Deriv Investments (Cayman) Limited is licensed and regulated by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority under the Securities Investment Business Act. Deriv Capital Contracts & Currencies L.L.C is licensed by the Securities and Commodities Authority. Deriv.com Limited, a company registered in Guernsey, is the holding company for these entities. Deriv (SVG) LLC has a registered office at First Floor, SVG Teachers Credit Union Uptown Building, Corner of James and Middle Street, Kingstown P.O., St Vincent and the Grenadines. Make sure to read our Terms and Conditions , Risk Disclosure , and Secure and Responsible Trading to fully understand the risks involved before using our services. Please also note that the information on this website does not constitute investment advice. The products offered on our website are complex derivative products that carry a significant risk of potential loss. CFDs are complex instruments with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. You should consider whether you understand how these products work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.