Deribit - Crypto Options and Futures Exchange for Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana and more. Deribit Mobile App Trade options on the go. Trade Platform & Tools Option Wizard Find the best option for your price forecast. Position Builder A powerful tool that allows you to simulate positions and view the portfolio profit/loss chart. Deribit Metrics All the essential charts and statistics for trading options and futures. Testnet Perfecting Strategies, Minimizing Risk Education Insights Visit our blog for the latest industry news, exchange updates and research articles. Options Course Learn how to trade options with our free course. Dev Hub Introduction to the API including Code Examples and detailed Guides. About About us Discover our history, values and plans for the future. Careers Check our open positions for inquisitive minds with good ideas and a strong passion. Partners Learn more about all our carefully selected partners. Security Find out everything we do to stay the safest trading platform. Support Deribit Support We are always here to help you. Check out all our different Support channels. Telegram Support 24/7 Our main Support channel in English, Chinese and Russian. API Documentation Find everything you need to know about our API. Log in Create account App Store Scan for Apple iOS App Store Scan for Android English Spanish (Español) Korean (한국어) Portuguese (Português) Russian (Русский) Ukrainian (Українська) Vietnamese (Tiếng Việt) Chinese simplified (中文简体) Chinese traditional (中文繁體) Trade Crypto Derivatives Trade Options, Perpetuals, Futures and Spot at Deribit. Sign up and get started today. Get started Open to every type of trader With ~85% market share in BTC and ETH options, there’s only one place to go. Options Futures Top Performing Highest Volume Worst Performing Name Last Price Last Price (USD) 24H Change 24H Volume BTC-26DEC25-125000-C 0.0085 $852.10 -17.48 % $ 374.41M Go to market BTC-28NOV25-122000-C 0.0020 $200.49 -28.57 % $ 371.22M Go to market BTC-28NOV25-85000-P 0.0055 $551.36 +52.78 % $ 197.82M Go to market BTC-25SEP26-140000-C 0.0803 $8,049.85 -4.40 % $ 192.52M Go to market BTC-25SEP26-125000-C 0.1107 $11,097.36 -0.18 % $ 192.47M Go to market BTC-28NOV25-120000-C 0.0027 $270.67 -25.00 % $ 183.62M Go to market BTC-26DEC25-85000-P 0.0175 $1,754.33 +29.63 % $ 174.54M Go to market BTC-26DEC25-115000-C 0.0200 $2,004.94 -21.57 % $ 173.49M Go to market Explore our exchange Deribit Exchange Shaping the Crypto Options Industry. Since 2016. For Beginners. Kick-start your trading skills with our free options course. Experiment on our Test Platform without any risk. Make use of our 24/7 Support for any questions. Your derivatives journey starts here. Experienced Traders. Immerse yourself in our institutional-grade trading environment. Use the most advanced tools in the industry at the most liquid options market in the world. For Institutions. Experience why the most prominent institutions have preferred Deribit since 2016. Colo Services in LD4, Portfolio Margin Model, Block Trades, Combos, the best liquidity, Multicast, and more. The best UI. Our trade secret. Built on the feedback from our traders. Drag and drop components for your perfect set-up. Create separate custom trading pages for different assets, strategies or multiple users. Add header widgets. We set the new standard in customizability. Open Account Strategy. When a plan comes together. We've built the best tools for you to make, shape and optimise your trading strategy. Learn about our Position Builder, Deribit Metrics, and other top-notch analytic tools. See our tools 24/7 Support. You're never alone. Get all your questions answered immediately by our highly trained staff. Become part of our community with over 7500 crypto derivatives lovers. Get support New Deribit Mobile App Trade Crypto on the Go Enjoy the power of the Deribit cryptocurrency exchange at your fingertips. Trade options, futures, and perpetuals on the go. Download the Deribit app now! Get started in a few minutes 1. Create Account Create and verify your account in minutes. 2. Fund your account Use Bitcoin, Ethereum or USDC to fund your account. 3. Start Trading Use all our advanced strategy tools to get the most out of your trades. Sign up now Create an account now. Explore our exchange today. Get started World’s largest crypto options, and futures exchange. Crypto Options Market Share 85%+ Traded Volume 2024 $1185 B Stable and reliable since 2016 Deribit is trusted by the world’s most renowned market makers, investment firms, hedge funds and quant trading firms. FAQs What countries are restricted? Deribit tries to serve clients in as many jurisdictions as possible while adhering to international rules and regulations. The best way to check from which jurisdictions clients are not permitted to trade on Deribit is to check this restricted jurisdictions list . Is KYC required? Deribit requires clients to perform personal verification (KYC) before they will have access to deposits, withdrawals or any trade related activity on the platform. Typically, if you have machine-readable documents at hand, verification only takes a couple of minutes via the verification page . If your automated KYC was unsuccessful, please try uploading better document photos. Typically, photos with better lighting will help. If automated verification still will not work for you, please contact the compliance department directly via [email protected] to perform KYC manually. What are Initial Margin and Maintenance Margin? Initial margin is the minimum amount of margin required to open a position. If you exceed your IM requirements, you will not be able to open additional positions. If your IM usage exceeds 100%, then your open, non-risk reducing orders will also be cancelled. Maintenance margin is the minimum amount of margin required to keep a position open. If you exceed your MM requirements, your positions will be liquidated until your maintenance margin requirements are back below 100%, or until the whole position is liquidated, whichever comes first. The IM and MM calculations depend on the instruments and the margin model selected for the account. More information on margin types and calculations can be found in the knowledge base . What is the difference between Portfolio Margin and Standard Margin? Standard margin calculates the margin requirements for each position individually, and then sums the requirements for each position together to get the requirements for the account. Portfolio margin looks at the whole portfolio of positions together, and calculates the margin requirements based on the risks of the portfolio. Standard margin can be better for long only options positions, or futures positions. Whereas portfolio margin will usually be better for portfolios that contain positions that at least partially hedge each other, such as option spreads, or combinations of futures and options. See the knowledge base for more information on standard margin and portfolio margin . How can I make sure that my withdrawals will be processed in a timely manner? To make sure all your withdrawals are processed as fast as possible, make sure to set the following settings: Add to your account a 2FA device or Security Key and make sure it is on for “wallet” operations at the following section: Security Make sure your “New Address Delay” is set at least to 3 days. Note that it means your “new” address will be activated after the days displayed. After that period, your wallet will be available for immediate action. Setting it to zero days allows you to activate a new wallet instantly, but every withdrawal to every wallet will be processed slower. You can set it at the following link: Withdrawals Having your password or email changed recently will introduce an additional check and a slower withdrawal. Note that current session profits only can be withdrawn after settlement, at 08:00 UTC daily. This limitation is introduced due to the way our socialized loss system operates. You can read more about this here: The Deribit Insurance Fund and Socialised Loss System How to install and connect mobile application? Android and iOS apps are available to download at the following links Android: Download iOS: Download How to deposit - and what currencies are accepted? Deribit started as a bitcoin only exchange, but now accepts many different currencies for deposit and withdrawal. To view a list of the accepted currencies, see here . When executing a deposit or withdrawal, please be sure to use the correct network or your funds may be lost. The details are displayed on the relevant deposit/withdrawal page for each currency. In order to be able to generate a deposit address, you must have completed the KYC verification process. Once verification is successful you may generate an address on the “Deposit” page for each currency, which can all be accessed via the wallet page . Is there a practice/test platform? Yes, our test platform can be used to learn the user interface and practice placing trades completely free of charge, using fake funds. Note that liquidity on the test platform can be thin, but you may use different subaccounts to fill the order book and trade against your own subaccounts. There is no need to perform KYC on our test platform, however, as it is completely separated from the live exchange, a separate account registration is required. This can be done here Create Account Testnet For more information on the testnet, see here . My 2FA device/security key is lost, how can I reset it? The only way to reset the 2FA authenticator or security device is to contact [email protected] . Please note the reset will require additional verification to be done, and this process will take time. It is a good idea to set up a backup device or TOTP app once you reset your 2FA to prevent such issues in the future. How can I change my email? The email address associated with an account can only be changed by emailing [email protected] . This limited pathway to changing the email address is in place to prevent someone who has gained unauthorised access to your account being able to easily change the email address. Join traders around the world. Start today. Institutional-grade cryptocurrency derivatives platform leading the crypto options market. Get Started with Deribit Trading Tools Position Builder Deribit Metrics Option Wizard Learn Articles Options Course Industry News Market Research Exchange Updates Dev Hub API Documentation Bug Bounty Program About About us Careers We're hiring! Partners Security Support Support Center Telegram Support 24/7 Legal Terms of Service Privacy Notice Risk Disclosure Affiliate Program Terms & Conditions Registered Partner T&C Complaints Form Restricted Jurisdictions Cookie Notice Privacy Settings Copyright © 2025 Deribit. All rights reserved. Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Learn more Strictly Necessary Cookies 11 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. _cfuvid Integral cookie used by CloudFare to prevent spam bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : .deribit.com cf_clearance This cookie is used as part of Cloudflare's security and performance features. Expiry : 1 year(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com cid This cookie is used to protect user session. Expiry : 1 year(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (First Party) Domain : www.deribit.com cookieConsent Used to know whether or not you have given consent to cookies. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage (First Party) Domain : www.deribit.com cookieConsentScopes Used to remember the cookie categories you consented to. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage (First Party) Domain : www.deribit.com userSettings Used to keep track of your preferences, including custom pages and other core functionality. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage (First Party) Domain : www.deribit.com <integrationId>.appUserId Used to identify the particular user that has started the Live Chat conversation. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com <integrationId>.clientId Used to identify the device from which the Live Chat conversation is initiated. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com <integrationId>.sessionToken Used to authenticate requests and verify the user in the Live Chat. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com <integrationId>.conversationStartedAt Used to synchronise Live Chat across multiple tabs. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com ZD-widgetOpen Maintains the open/closed state of the Live Chat across page visits. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Session Storage (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com Statistics 7 Statistics cookies collect information about how visitors use our services, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies collect aggregated (anonymous) data on the pages visited. They are used to improve our services. _ga* Used by Google Analytics to properly retrieve usage data. Expiry : 2 year(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com _pk_id* Used by Piwik analytics to properly index retrieved data. Expiry : 13 month(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com _pk_ref Used to store the attribution information, the referrer initially used to visit the website Expiry : 6 month(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com _pk_ses* Cookie for recording which webpages the visitor viewed. Expiry : 30 minute(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com mp_* Track user interaction to improve the overall user experience. Expiry : 1 year(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com ZD-suid Used to create a sessionId and track analytics events for pages that load a Live Chat on them. Expiry : 20 minute(s) Type : HTML Local Storage (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com ZD-buid Used to create a deviceId and track analytics events for pages that load a Live Chat on them Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com Marketing 4 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers. _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense to properly triage users and display ads. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : www.deribit.com guest_id* These cookies are set by X to identify and track the website visitor for marketing analytics. Expiry : 2 year(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : .twitter.com muc_ads Used to enhance ad relevance by tracking user behaviour across websites. It collects data to display more personalised and engaging ads, with a typical lifespan of 400 days to 2 years. Expiry : 1 year(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : .t.co personalisation_id X collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations, that is primarily used for tracking and targeting. Expiry : 1 year(s) Type : HTTP Cookie (Third Party) Domain : .twitter.com Accept all Reject all Adjust my preferences This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more Accept all Adjust my preferences Reject all New Deribit Mobile App Release Get ready to take your trading to the next level! The latest version of the Deribit Mobile App is here with an advanced UI that gives you complete control over your trades.