Deseret News Deseret News Deseret Magazine Church News Deseret News Deseret Magazine Print Subscriptions Wednesday December 31, 2025 SPOTLIGHT Follow the examples of the 3 Wise Men Deseret News Deseret Magazine Church News Deseret News Deseret Magazine Print Subscriptions Newsletter Sign Up Latest Latest Politics Politics Utah Utah Sports Sports Opinion Opinion Magazine Magazine More More Sign In Register Sign In Search Go Politics How Utah’s governor became America’s most unlikely spokesman By Brigham Tomco Politics The fallout: Witnesses of Charlie Kirk’s assassination speak out By Eva Terry Year in review The stories that defined 2025, in our own words In a year of loss, political strife and unimaginable tragedy, there were also stories of progress, hope and heroism. By Saul Marquez and Aaron Shill Church of Jesus Christ Some ways the Church of Jesus Christ transformed lives and education in 2025 By Amy Ortiz utah football ‘Is there a plan in place? You better believe it’: Morgan Scalley era begins in Las Vegas By Joe Coles Utah Utah Gov. Cox responds to Minnesota fraud reports. Could it happen in Utah? After reports of widespread fraud in Minnesota, some are wondering if it is happening in the Beehive State. By Caitlin Keith The Utahn at the center of the Minnesota fraud viral video By Eva Terry Here's how Utah plans to use $195 million federal health care grant By Lois M. Collins Ring in the new year with fireworks, parades and live music at these events in Utah By Valerie Jones New details from the closed hearing of Charlie Kirk’s suspected killer By Eva Terry Featured Voices Timely insights from Deseret News journalists and contributors. Cami Mondeaux How 2025 became one of the most unusual years Congress has ever seen Gitanjali Poonia A long way from home Sarah Jane Weaver While pondering the life of President Holland, I found my words inadequate to describe the ultimate wordsmith Art Raymond Here's what really kept the 2025 U.S. economy on track Top Stories Amid program changes, Utah’s focus is on getting Morgan Scalley win No. 1 in Las Vegas Bowl vs. Nebraska By Joe Coles 11 hours ago Which residents pay more at the pump due to gas taxes? It varies from state to state By Amy Joi O'Donoghue 13 hours ago The artists and groups who canceled shows at the Kennedy Center to protest Trump By Cami Mondeaux 14 hours ago Raising a family in Utah shouldn’t feel impossible By Emily Bell McCormick 16 hours ago Who could replace Jay Hill if he joins Kyle Whittingham at Michigan? By Jay Drew 18 hours ago This year, PG movies became Hollywood’s most reliable hitmakers By Margaret Darby 18 hours ago Trump confirms strikes in first known U.S. attack inside Venezuela By Cami Mondeaux 20 hours ago Picturing 2025: Defining moments of heartbreak and hope By Chuck Wing 23 hours ago This Supreme Court case will decide if Utah gets a Democrat in Congress in 2026 By Brigham Tomco 1 day ago In memory of his wife Joy, Salt Lake barbecue king determined to carry on By Lee Benson 2 days ago Most Commented 197 Trump confirms drone strikes in first known U.S. attack inside Venezuela 119 Utah Legislature to appeal redistricting case to Utah Supreme Court next week 92 The artists and groups who have canceled shows at the Kennedy Center to protest Trump 81 Family-friendly policies for 2026? Many would put money in family pockets 80 Candidates to replace Jay Hill if Kalani Sitake’s defensive coordinator joins Kyle Whittingham at Michigan Videos View all videos → 2:59 2025 in Photos 1:11 Relive Utah’s Unforgettable 2025 Sports Moments Through Deseret News Photos 1:20 Is it a tribute, trolling or rewriting history? 1:36 Bondi Beach Shooting: Australia in Mourning 1:43 Inside Salt Lake City Airport’s Lost and Found 1:54 What's Behind Murphy Door? 1:57 Turkey prices are up — sort of 3:16 Church Lowers Missionary Age for Women to 18 2:44 Utah’s Dance Pipeline to “Dancing with the Stars” 1:13 Why Utah Is Looking to India 0:48 What to know about the baby formula botulism outbreak 0:27 Worried about money? You're not alone: Top takeaways from the 2025 American Family Survey 1:05 UPS Cargo Plane Explodes Near Louisville Airport 1:19 Ashley Hatch’s Next Chapter 2:19 Keeping Utah’s Bison Wild 0:43 Demolition continues on White House East Wing 3:38 In the ash and debris of a burned Latter-day Saint church, she found ‘God’s hand’ 1:20 New First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced 3:07 Perfect throw lands Utahn's quilted vest on Benson Boone 3:58 President Nelson’s Interfaith Legacy 2025 in Photos Up Next 1:11 Relive Utah’s Unforgettable 2025 Sports Moments Through Deseret News Photos 1:20 Is it a tribute, trolling or rewriting history? 1:36 Bondi Beach Shooting: Australia in Mourning 1:43 Inside Salt Lake City Airport’s Lost and Found 1:54 What's Behind Murphy Door? Opinion: Don’t let Netflix chill Silicon Slopes By Rob Bishop 14 hours ago BYU women’s basketball is off to a hot start. Can the Cougars upset No. 8 TCU this week? By Jackson Payne 14 hours ago How to watch Utah face Nebraska in the Las Vegas Bowl By Brandon Judd 16 hours ago President Christofferson to address youth at first churchwide broadcast in 2026 By Amy Ortiz 16 hours ago After more than 30 years, the reign of the NYC MetroCard comes to an end By Caitlin Keith 17 hours ago College grad devastated after U-haul stolen while passing through Salt Lake City By Dan Rascon, KSL and Cassidy Wixom, KSL 18 hours ago Foul trouble as a rookie is just part of the process By Sarah Todd 19 hours ago West Valley man shot during standoff faces 18 felony charges By Pat Reavy, KSL 19 hours ago What New Year's resolutions are Americans making this year? By Caitlin Keith 20 hours ago ‘One last time’: Netflix releases trailer for ‘Stranger Things’ finale By Caitlin Keith 20 hours ago Utah star defensive end John Henry Daley to enter transfer portal By Brandon Judd 20 hours ago Deseret News archives: Mighty USSR formed on this date in 1922 By Chris J. Miller 21 hours ago Alzheimer's and hope: 7 findings about the disease in 2025 By Lois M. Collins 23 hours ago The most memorable videos from Deseret News in 2025 By Keira Farrimond 1 day ago Family policy hope for ’26 has a lot to do with money — and how you could have more By Lois M. Collins 1 day ago Most compelling BYU sports stories of 2025? Competition for the top spots intense after another banner year By Jay Drew 1 day ago How Charlie Kirk’s death and her own Christian faith played a part in MTG’s break from Trump By Cami Mondeaux 1 day ago ‘Weeping’: Anglican priest shares his emotional reaction to the loss of President Jeffrey R. Holland By Tad Walch 1 day ago The biggest stories Deseret News covered in 2025 By Dennis Romboy 2 days ago Remembering talent we lost in 2025: Here are 30 notable figures who died this year By Margaret Darby 2 days ago Load More Company About Us Editorial Staff Careers Reach Out Contact Us Technical Support Advertise Send Us a Tip Do Not Sell My Info Get More Newsletters Print Subscription Shop Merchandise Deseret News Marathon Connect Twitter Facebook Instagram iOS App Android App Copyright © 2025 Deseret News Publishing Company. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Notice CA Notice of Collection Cookie Policy Cookie Settings