Deseret News Deseret News Deseret Magazine Church News Deseret News Deseret Magazine Print Subscriptions Wednesday December 31, 2025 SPOTLIGHT Follow the examples of the 3 Wise Men Deseret News Deseret Magazine Church News Deseret News Deseret Magazine Print Subscriptions Newsletter Sign Up Latest Latest Politics Politics Utah Utah Sports Sports Opinion Opinion Magazine Magazine More More Sign In Register Sign In Search Go Politics Trump confirms strikes in first known U.S. attack inside Venezuela By Cami Mondeaux Guest Opinion Raising a family in Utah shouldn’t feel impossible By Emily Bell McCormick Utah Picturing 2025: Defining moments of heartbreak and hope A look back at the most impactful images by Deseret News photojournalists that defined the year. Our illustration showcase for 2025 Entertainment This year, PG movies became Hollywood’s most reliable hitmakers By Margaret Darby byu football Who could replace Jay Hill if he joins Kyle Whittingham at Michigan? By Jay Drew Utah Utah Ring in the new year with fireworks, parades and live music at these events in Utah It’s time to ring in the new year, and there’s a wide variety of ways to celebrate in Utah. By Valerie Jones Which residents pay more at the pump due to gas taxes? It varies from state to state By Amy Joi O'Donoghue New details from the closed hearing of Charlie Kirk’s suspected killer By Eva Terry Why this 9-term congressman is running for Utah Legislature By Brigham Tomco This Supreme Court case will decide if Utah gets a Democrat in Congress in 2026 By Brigham Tomco Featured Voices Timely insights from Deseret News journalists and contributors. Cami Mondeaux How 2025 became one of the most unusual years Congress has ever seen Gitanjali Poonia A long way from home Sarah Jane Weaver While pondering the life of President Holland, I found my words inadequate to describe the ultimate wordsmith Art Raymond Here's what really kept the 2025 U.S. economy on track Top Stories The artists and groups who canceled shows at the Kennedy Center to protest Trump By Cami Mondeaux 51 minutes ago Opinion: Don’t let Netflix chill Silicon Slopes By Rob Bishop 1 hour ago BYU women’s basketball is off to a hot start. Can the Cougars upset No. 8 TCU this week? By Jackson Payne 1 hour ago How to watch Utah face Nebraska in the Las Vegas Bowl By Brandon Judd 2 hours ago President Christofferson to address youth at first churchwide broadcast in 2026 By Amy Ortiz 3 hours ago After more than 30 years, the reign of the NYC MetroCard comes to an end By Caitlin Keith 3 hours ago College grad devastated after U-haul stolen while passing through Salt Lake City By Dan Rascon, KSL and Cassidy Wixom, KSL 4 hours ago The most memorable videos from Deseret News in 2025 By Keira Farrimond 20 hours ago Family policy hope for ’26 has a lot to do with money — and how you could have more By Lois M. Collins 20 hours ago In memory of his wife Joy, Salt Lake barbecue king determined to carry on By Lee Benson 1 day ago Most Commented 172 Trump confirms drone strikes in first known U.S. attack inside Venezuela 91 How Charlie Kirk’s death and her own Christian faith played a part in MTG’s break from Trump 83 Utah Legislature to appeal redistricting case to Utah Supreme Court next week 81 How 2025 became one of the most unusual years Congress has ever seen 76 Family-friendly policies for 2026? Many would put money in family pockets Videos View all videos → 2:59 2025 in Photos 1:11 Relive Utah’s Unforgettable 2025 Sports Moments Through Deseret News Photos 1:20 Is it a tribute, trolling or rewriting history? 1:36 Bondi Beach Shooting: Australia in Mourning 1:43 Inside Salt Lake City Airport’s Lost and Found 1:54 What's Behind Murphy Door? 1:57 Turkey prices are up — sort of 3:16 Church Lowers Missionary Age for Women to 18 2:44 Utah’s Dance Pipeline to “Dancing with the Stars” 1:13 Why Utah Is Looking to India 0:48 What to know about the baby formula botulism outbreak 0:27 Worried about money? You're not alone: Top takeaways from the 2025 American Family Survey 1:05 UPS Cargo Plane Explodes Near Louisville Airport 1:19 Ashley Hatch’s Next Chapter 2:19 Keeping Utah’s Bison Wild 0:43 Demolition continues on White House East Wing 3:38 In the ash and debris of a burned Latter-day Saint church, she found ‘God’s hand’ 1:20 New First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced 3:07 Perfect throw lands Utahn's quilted vest on Benson Boone 3:58 President Nelson’s Interfaith Legacy 2025 in Photos Up Next 1:11 Relive Utah’s Unforgettable 2025 Sports Moments Through Deseret News Photos 1:20 Is it a tribute, trolling or rewriting history? 1:36 Bondi Beach Shooting: Australia in Mourning 1:43 Inside Salt Lake City Airport’s Lost and Found 1:54 What's Behind Murphy Door? Foul trouble as a rookie is just part of the process By Sarah Todd 6 hours ago West Valley man shot during standoff faces 18 felony charges By Pat Reavy, KSL 6 hours ago What New Year's resolutions are Americans making this year? By Caitlin Keith 6 hours ago ‘One last time’: Netflix releases trailer for ‘Stranger Things’ finale By Caitlin Keith 7 hours ago Utah star defensive end John Henry Daley to enter transfer portal By Brandon Judd 7 hours ago Deseret News archives: Mighty USSR formed on this date in 1922 By Chris J. Miller 7 hours ago Alzheimer's and hope: 7 findings about the disease in 2025 By Lois M. Collins 9 hours ago Most compelling BYU sports stories of 2025? Competition for the top spots intense after another banner year By Jay Drew 20 hours ago Lauri Markkanen among West’s top 20 after first returns on fan All-Star voting By Sarah Todd 23 hours ago Meet Colten McIntyre, the first Utahn signed by the Utah Mammoth By Brogan Houston 1 day ago The tale of a chicken-sized bird and the fuss over it By Amy Joi O'Donoghue 1 day ago Looking back at some of No. 10 BYU’s top individual performances from nonconference play By Jackson Payne 1 day ago This BYU quarterback intends to enter the transfer portal By Jackson Payne 1 day ago How Charlie Kirk’s death and her own Christian faith played a part in MTG’s break from Trump By Cami Mondeaux 1 day ago ‘Weeping’: Anglican priest shares his emotional reaction to the loss of President Jeffrey R. Holland By Tad Walch 1 day ago 2025 was ‘insane’ year for Utah wildfires. Will it continue in 2026? By Carter Williams, KSL 1 day ago The biggest stories Deseret News covered in 2025 By Dennis Romboy 1 day ago Remembering talent we lost in 2025: Here are 30 notable figures who died this year By Margaret Darby 1 day ago Cougars painted a defensive masterpiece in second half of 25-21 Pop-Tarts Bowl win By Jay Drew 2 days ago She thought she was just clumsy. Turns out this young mother has a rare genetic disease By Lois M. Collins 2 days ago Load More Company About Us Editorial Staff Careers Reach Out Contact Us Technical Support Advertise Send Us a Tip Do Not Sell My Info Get More Newsletters Print Subscription Shop Merchandise Deseret News Marathon Connect Twitter Facebook Instagram iOS App Android App Copyright © 2025 Deseret News Publishing Company. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Notice CA Notice of Collection Cookie Policy Cookie Settings