Deseret NewsDeseret MagazineChurch News
Print Subscriptions
Tuesday
December 30, 2025
Newsletter Sign Up
Latest
Politics
Utah 
Sports 
Opinion
Magazine
More 
SIGN IN
SEARCH
POLITICS
How 2025 became one of the most unusual years Congress has ever seen
By Cami Mondeaux
VIDEO
The most memorial videos from Deseret News in 2025
By Keira Farrimond
POLITICS
Family policy for ’26 has a lot to do with money — and how you could have more
Money to help is at the heart of family-friendly policies for 2026.
By Lois M. Collins
FAMILY
As Ukraine is pummeled by missiles, my parents return to their war-torn home
By Mariya Manzhos
BYU COUGARS
Most compelling BYU sports stories of 2025? Competition for the top spots intense after another banner year
By Jay Drew
Utah
POLITICS
This Supreme Court case will decide if Utah gets a Democrat in Congress in 2026
Utah legislators said they will appeal the state's redistricting case next week.
By Brigham Tomco
Church of Jesus Christ announces funeral plans for President Jeffrey R. Holland
By Sarah Jane Weaver
In memory of his wife Joy, Salt Lake barbecue king determined to carry on
By Lee Benson
Utah lawmaker to resign as daughter recovers after being hit by truck
By Bridger Beal-Cvetko, KSL
Judge rules on media access in Charlie Kirk's murder trial
By Eva Terry
Featured Voices

Timely insights from Deseret News journalists and contributors.

Sarah Jane Weaver
While pondering the life of President Holland, I found my words inadequate to describe the ultimate wordsmith
Art Raymond
Here's what really kept the 2025 U.S. economy on track
Amy Ortiz
11 stories that inspired us in 2025
Samuel J. Abrams
What are boys for? Why healthy masculinity isn’t enough
Top Stories
Lauri Markkanen among West’s top 20 after first returns on fan All-Star voting
By Sarah Todd3 hours ago
Meet Colten McIntyre, the first Utahn signed by the Utah Mammoth
By Brogan Houston4 hours ago
The tale of a chicken-sized bird and the fuss over it
By Amy Joi O'Donoghue5 hours ago
Looking back at some of No. 10 BYU’s top individual performances from nonconference play
By Jackson Payne5 hours ago
How Charlie Kirk’s death and her own Christian faith played a part in MTG’s break from Trump
By Cami Mondeaux7 hours ago
‘Weeping’: Anglican priest shares his emotional reaction to the loss of President Jeffrey R. Holland
By Tad Walch8 hours ago
2025 was ‘insane’ year for Utah wildfires. Will it continue in 2026?
By Carter Williams, KSL10 hours ago
The biggest stories Deseret News covered in 2025
By Dennis Romboy1 day ago
Remembering talent we lost in 2025: Here are 30 notable figures who died this year
By Margaret Darby1 day ago
She thought she was just clumsy. Turns out this young mother has a rare genetic disease
By Lois M. Collins2 days ago
Most Commented
331
Opinion: GOP should have held Trump responsible a long time ago
290
Report: Jay Hill is leaving BYU to become Michigan’s defensive coordinator under Kyle Whittingham
180
Perspective: Don’t let America’s big idea dissolve into something else
45
How Charlie Kirk’s death and her own Christian faith played a part in MTG’s break from Trump
45
BYU football: Cougars painted a defensive masterpiece in second half of 25-21 Pop-Tarts Bowl win
Videos
VIEW ALL VIDEOS →
2:59
2025 in Photos
1:11
Relive Utah’s Unforgettable 2025 Sports Moments Through Deseret News Photos
1:20
Is it a tribute, trolling or rewriting history?
1:36
Bondi Beach Shooting: Australia in Mourning
1:43
Inside Salt Lake City Airport’s Lost and Found
1:54
What's Behind Murphy Door?
1:57
Turkey prices are up — sort of
3:16
Church Lowers Missionary Age for Women to 18
2:44
Utah’s Dance Pipeline to “Dancing with the Stars”
1:13
Why Utah Is Looking to India
0:48
What to know about the baby formula botulism outbreak
0:27
Worried about money? You're not alone: Top takeaways from the 2025 American Family Survey
1:05
UPS Cargo Plane Explodes Near Louisville Airport
1:19
Ashley Hatch’s Next Chapter
2:19
Keeping Utah’s Bison Wild
0:43
Demolition continues on White House East Wing
3:38
In the ash and debris of a burned Latter-day Saint church, she found ‘God’s hand’
1:20
New First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced
3:07
Perfect throw lands Utahn's quilted vest on Benson Boone
3:58
President Nelson’s Interfaith Legacy
This BYU quarterback intends to enter the transfer portal
By Jackson Payne5 hours ago
An ‘American Idol’ singer’s performance at a Utah Jazz game went viral — again
By Lottie Elizabeth Johnson8 hours ago
‘A healthy amount of chaos’: Former Utah State star dishes on his hoops career overseas, his Latter-day Saint mission and more
By David Driver8 hours ago
Silver linings: It’s never too late to make New Year’s resolutions
By Norman C. Hill8 hours ago
This year the Times Square ball drop won't just be celebrating the new year: What you need to know
By Caitlin Keith8 hours ago
U.S. 191 closed in Carbon County for emergency railroad maintenance
By Bridger Beal-Cvetko, KSL9 hours ago
What we know after Trump’s meetings with Putin and Zelenskyy
By Cami Mondeaux10 hours ago
Boxer Anthony Joshua injured in car crash that killed 2 in Nigeria
By Caitlin Keith10 hours ago
‘Something just snapped’: Jan. 6 pipe bomber admits to investigators why he planned attack
By Cami Mondeaux10 hours ago
Opinion: Utah’s future runs through the Great Salt Lake — and we’re rising to the moment
By Thomas Wright10 hours ago
Deseret News archives: Woody Hayes punch ended a Hall of Fame career
By Chris J. Miller12 hours ago
Perspective: Don’t let America’s big idea dissolve into something else
By Liz Joyner1 day ago
Cougars painted a defensive masterpiece in second half of 25-21 Pop-Tarts Bowl win
By Jay Drew1 day ago
Picturing 2025: Defining moments of heartbreak and hope
By Chuck Wing2 days ago
5 Utah food spots we checked out this year
By Sarah Gambles2 days ago
Can the effort to save a 3-year-old boy save other lives?
By Lois M. Collins2 days ago
These 5 ordinary Utahns accomplished extraordinary athletic feats
By Dennis Romboy3 days ago
2025: A historic, disruptive — and sometimes tragic — year for education in Utah
By Jason Swensen3 days ago
Mother charged in 'calculated, cold-blooded' murder of daughter Melodee Buzzard
By Emma Pitts3 days ago
Returning your Christmas gifts? Here are some things you should know
By Caitlin Keith3 days ago
LOAD MORE
COMPANY
About Us
Editorial Staff
Careers
REACH OUT
Contact Us
Technical Support
Advertise
Send Us a Tip
Do Not Sell My Info
GET MORE
Newsletters
Print Subscription
Shop Merchandise
Deseret News Marathon
CONNECT
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
iOS App
Android App
Copyright © 2025 Deseret News Publishing Company. All Rights Reserved
Terms of UsePrivacy NoticeCA Notice of CollectionCookie PolicyCookie Preferences
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue