 ClusterDev Products Technology Careers Contact Us Enabling better conversations Vernacular keyboard apps for your language. Stickers to express every emotion. Desh Keyboard Enabling over 100M users to type their language. Faster typing Our unique transliteration technology lets you type faster Voice to text The easiest way to type - speak and let us type it for you Stickers & GIFs Unique collection of stickers & GIFs for your conversations Works in any app Use your language in any app on your phone Learn More Manglish Keyboard The Malayalam version of Desh Keyboard. Used by over 50% of Malayalam speakers worldwide. Since 2015 The first Malayalam keyboard to support phonetic typing 25M+ downloads Malayalis love Manglish Keyboard! Stickers Make your chats more fun with thousands of stickers Get the app Technology We work on cutting edge technologies to power our products Transliteration Building, deploying and improving language models for different languages Speech Recognition In-house voice-to-text technology for Indian languages Analytics Understand user behavior & offer curated experiences NLP Extract intent information in different languages Sticker Suggestions Suggest the right stickers based on context & region Instant Stickers Generate more expressive stickers automatically We power millions of users 3 B+ Daily Keyboard Sessions 40 M+ Active Users 100 M+ Total Downloads 4.5 /5 User Rating ... and they love us! Over 1,500,000 users have rated our apps Excellent app. I use this app for voice typing since I don't know Malayalam typing but have to
                      create Malayalam documents. It improved my productivity a lot. Thanks for creating a wonderful
                      app! Aswin C M Manglish Keyboard Best English - Hindi keyboard I have used in my life :) So simple to type English text (having
                      Hindi meaning) & have literal translated work on your screen. Loved texting in Hindi on WhatsApp. Nityam Jigyasu Hindi Keyboard This app is very good and I like the stickers. Stickers were very funny and cute 😍😍 I like
                      this app! Pari Zaj Stickify Store This app is just awesome. You can get so creative with it as well. It doesn't cost money either
                      and offers lots of sticker options and pictures. 5 star from me! Ron Meir Shauli Sticker Maker We're a small team doing some really cool stuff! Make an impact by by working on products that millions of users love and use every day. Interested in joining our team? Apply here . WE'D LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU Leave your message and let's talk Contact Us We have our office in Kochi, Kerala, India Fourth Floor, Tower 2, Integrated Startup Complex, Kinfra Hi-Tech Park, Kalamassery PO, Kochi, Kerala 683503, India © ClusterDev Technologies Private Limited Press Kit LinkedIn Contact Us