Home - Design Museum Menu Design Museum Logo Design Museum Logo. Welcome to the Design Museum Located in London, the world's leading museum devoted to contemporary design in every form. The Design Museum is a multifaceted museum, an ever-changing space for the public, industry and education to come together and explore new ideas. Plan your visit, become a member, donate or visit the online shop. Now open Book your tickets ★★★★★ The Times, The Telegraph, The Standard, The i Wes Anderson: The Archives Delve into Wes Anderson’s extensive archive in this first retrospective exhibition devoted to his distinctive cinematic output, produced in collaboration with la Cinémathèque française. Wes Anderson: Book now Until 29 March 2026 Book your tickets Blitz: the club that shaped the 80s A major exhibition on the legendary Blitz club night that transformed 1980s London style, and generated a creative scene that had an enormous impact on popular culture in the decade that followed — from fashion and music, to film, art and design. Blitz: Book now MEMBERS GO FREE Join today Get closer with membership Our members enjoy unlimited entry to all exhibitions, exclusive events, discounts in the Design Museum Shop, Design Cafe and Design Kitchen. As a charity, your membership supports the museum. Become a Member or Give Gift Membership Permanent Collection Free Display Designer Maker User Explore the museum’s collection presenting iconic designs, from product to transport. Visit to discover some of the designers and makers who shaped the world we live in. Great for families, school groups and design lovers. DESIGNER MAKER USER: Plan your visit Until January 2026 Free Display PLATFORM: Bethan Laura Wood PLATFORM is an annual display dedicated to showcasing contemporary design practice. The first display in a series will present the fascinating work of Bethan Laura Wood. PLATFORM: Plan your visit Until August 2026 Free Display Tools for Transition Discover research projects from across the UK that are driving change in housing, healthcare, local planning and resource management in this free display curated by Future Observatory. Tools for Transition: Plan your visit Until 25 January 2026 Free display Harland Miller at the Design Museum A free display showcasing monumental paintings by internationally acclaimed artist Harland Miller, including brand-new works specially created for the exhibition. Harland Miller: Plan your visit Discover New Events Book now Talks, courses and workshops Get creative: join our learning workshops for adults and young people or join the conversation with inspiring talks. All events: See what's coming up Take design home The Design Museum Shop Looking for design inspiration and gifts? Visit our three shops or buy online. As a charity, every purchase supports the museum. The Design Museum Shop: Buy Online Eat & drink Book a table or hire for a special event the Design Kitchen Enjoy delicious, ethically sourced drinks and snacks in our new space designed by Matthew Williamson with stunning views to Holland Park. the Design Kitchen: Plan your visit Discover our amazing spaces Planning a Wedding, Christmas Party or Business Training? Venue Hire Support the museum by hiring our spaces for a special breakfast or dinner, drinks or wedding reception, conferences and more. Get in touch with the team and start planning your celebration. Plan your next event with us POSTGRADUATE PROGRAMME MA Curating Contemporary Design Did you know that we offer a Master's programme in Curating Contemporary Design in partnership with Kingston University? Learn more about the course and how to apply. MA Course: Find out more Location 224 – 238 Kensington High Street London W8 6AG Getting here Plan your visit All you need to know before your visit. Plan your visit Opening times 10:00 – 17:00 Monday to Thursday 10:00 – 18:00 Friday to Sunday Some ticketed exhibitions will be open until 20:00 on weekends – please check our Opening times page for further information. 
The museum opens daily, including bank holidays. Closed on Christmas Eve, Christmas Day and Boxing Day. Opening times Access information We want everyone's visit to be enjoyable and work continuously to make the museum more accessible and inclusive to the widest possible audience. Check Access information here Become a member Did you know that the Design Museum is a charity? As a member, you support our programme while enjoying unlimited entry to every exhibition, plus discounts in our shops, cafes and learning events. You can also donate today or join the Design Circle . Become a Member See what's on Discover the museum's inspiring programme of exhibitions and events. See what's on Eat & Drink Enjoy delicious, ethically sourced drinks and snacks in our new spaces – the Design Kitchen (Level 2) and the Design Cafe (Ground floor). Eat & Drink Design Museum Shop Our high street shop is located at at Kensington High Street 224–238. Inside the museum, our main shop is located in the atrium, Ground floor. There's also an exhibition shop inside Gallery 1, Ground floor. For further information, please visit the shop website, where you can also find a carefully curated range of gifts, prints and products for design lovers. As a charity, every purchase supports the museum. Shop online About the museum Find out more about the story of the Design Museum and its mission, vision, values and people. About the museum Sign up to our newsletters Stay in touch and be the first to hear our latest news. Sign up here Buy advance tickets Become a member Donate to the
        Museum Volunteer Subscribe to newsletter Close Sign up to our newsletter to be the first to know about upcoming exhibitions, events, and more. Sign up now Home Visit and do What's on Plan your visit Exhibitions and displays Events and workshops Eat & Drink Design Museum Shop Access information Exhibitions Current exhibitions Future exhibitions Touring exhibitions Past exhibitions Learning and research Learning at the museum Schools and Colleges Families and children MA Curating Contemporary Design Research at the museum Future Observatory Design Researchers in Residence Upcoming events Designs and designers Membership and support Become a Member Design Circle Patrons’ Group Corporate Support Trusts and Foundations Donate to the museum Thank You Our international work About our international work International partnerships Consultancy services Contact and about About the museum Press office Design Museum publishing Contact information Work with us Venue hire Shop online buy advance tickets