A Time Tracker For Both Remote And On-site Teams Support DeskTime 🍪 Allow functional cookies? We use Zendesk messaging software for easy communication with our clients. Zendesk uses cookies to interact with website visitors and provide chat history. See our Privacy Policy for more info. You can change your cookie preferences at any time in our Cookie Settings . Allow & continue to chat Features Time Tracking Productivity insights Integrations & API Analytics & reports Workforce management Time Tracking Automatic time tracking Effortless time tracking with our desktop app Project time tracking Track time and progress of specific tasks and projects Manual and offline time tracking Track time manually and see when employees take breaks from working Private time Let users take a break from tracking when needed See all features Productivity insights Productivity calculation Get data about your employees’ productivity Screenshots Get proof-of-work in cases of questionable productivity or integrity URL & app tracking See what sites and apps your employees visit Document title tracking Keep track of document titles and email subjects Customizable settings Personalize DeskTime to fit your exact needs Notifications Receive notifications about important activity updates See all features Integrations & API Jira Asana Outlook Google Calendar GitLab Trello Zapier More about integrations & API Analytics & reports Reports Get in-depth data about your team’s performance Admin dashboard Gain insights about your employees' work hours and productivity levels User dashboard See your team’s overall activities and performance Exports Download and save tracked data See all features Workforce management Shift scheduling Plan and manage employee shifts in one place Absence calendar See who’s sick, on vacation, OOO and more Attendance management See how much time your employees spend working Employee directory Easily find another colleague’s contact information See all features Solutions For managers Performance evaluation Employee monitoring Transparency & accountability Oversee remote work Productivity & efficiency For employees Employee well-being Work-life balance Burnout prevention Hybrid work support Self-accountability By industry IT & software Financial services Consultants Startups Agencies Developers Lawyers By business size Enterprises Medium businesses Small teams Freelancers Video Get started with DeskTime Start working with our time tracking tool in 5 easy steps Resources Help Center Case studies Blog Competitor comparison Legal & compliance Contact us Download FEATURED PAGE Manager’s toolkit Everything you need to know to boost your team’s productivity Read more FEATURED PAGE Security at DeskTime See what measures we take every day to keep that data safe and secure Read more CASE STUDY How Roadgames made time tracking employee-friendly Learn how DeskTime helped to maintain a flexible work schedule and more Read more 4.5 out of 5 from 400 reviews Pricing Demo Intro call Start free trial Log in en The pioneer of smart time tracking DeskTime is a time tracker that helps teams move from guesswork to clarity with data-driven decisions and seamless time tracking, built for both in-office and remote employee monitoring. Start tracking in 3 minutes Book an Intro Used by 730k+ users 4.5 star rating on G2 No credit card required Time tracking that fits every need Cut costs, speed up onboarding, and track project time accurately with tools built for every role and responsibility. Are you running an organization? Use our performance evaluation tools to avoid time and resource waste in your organization and ensure quick and precise billing. Are you leading human resources? DeskTime takes the manual work out of people management. Everything is automatic and just a click away, making HR processes smoother. Are you managing IT operations? Integrate seamlessly with your preferred tools, such as Jira and GitLab , to show how much time each project and task takes. Grid Leader Summer 2025 Employee Monitoring High Performer Summer 2025 Enterprise Time Tracking Summer 2025 Users Love Us High Performer Summer 2025 Employee Scheduling EMEA High Performer Summer 2025 Time & Attendance India 4.5 out of 5 from 400 reviews Stay in sync, anywhere Improve team transparency and make hybrid work seamless with a time tracker built for modern workplaces. Effortless time tracking DeskTime starts up with your device and stops when you shut down. No manual input needed, so time tracking stays where it should be—in the background. Smart employee monitoring DeskTime keeps track of the apps, websites, and documents your team uses, giving you real-time insights without interrupting their flow or invading their privacy. Fast and simple setup DeskTime is ready to go and easy to use. Just install, invite your team, and start tracking productivity without a lengthy setup and onboarding process. Want to see how it works? See how easy setup can be—our video guide walks you through it in just five steps. “I've been fighting a war with timesheets for over 30 years. You have to let automation work for you. If you're not doing that, you're becoming more obsolete every day.” Brian Tankersley , Accounting consultant 730K+ Users trust us 330M+ Hours tracked 30% Productivity boost A time tracker that won’t interrupt your team’s workflow. Ever. Forget manual entries and distractions. With DeskTime, time tracking runs on autopilot—zero effort needed. Start free trial Book an Intro Privacy and security you can count on DeskTime complies with top-tier international data protection protocols, delivering a secure and seamless time tracking experience you can trust. ISO 27001 compliant Our practices align with ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 standards, ensuring robust information and privacy management across our systems. GDPR compliant The services provided by DeskTime and the data generated using the application comply with the rules set by GDPR. Privacy policy Visit our Privacy Policy to learn what data we collect, how we use it, and how we protect your privacy. Data encryption All data that DeskTime users share with our servers is encrypted both in transit and at rest by default. Two-factor authentication Users can add an extra layer of security to their account by enabling two-factor authentication in their profile settings. Backups and reliability With a system uptime of 99.95%, DeskTime ensures maximum reliability through continuous, restorable backups. Explore more features Automatic time tracking Manual time tracking URL & app tracking Project tracking Productivity calculation Document title tracking Reports Exports Admin dashboard Shift scheduling Absence calendar Screenshots User dashboard Integrations & API Customizable settings See all features 4.5 out of 5 Highly rated and globally trusted Based on 400 customer reviews Don’t take our word for it Want to hear from our users? Discover their reviews on G2 . Marc Miquel Senior User Researcher, Enterprise "Desktime helps me stay productive and to limit time" "I know that at the end of the week, I want not to exceed a certain number of hours, but I also set myself some productivity % goals (time focused on certain apps / total time). I have used it for more than 7 years." Sreejith B. Assistant Manager, Mid-Market "Efficient time tracking and productivity insights with DeskTime" "I am an IT admin as well as a project lead. My job is to monitor and manage my employees, who mainly work from home. With DeskTime, we can measure their productivity, monitor their worktime activity, and evaluate their performance based on their time efficiency." Diego Carballo CISO, Mid-Market "Highly efficient tool" It allows me to see where I spend my day, find opportunities to improve my productivity, and balance my work with necessary breaks. It’s a tool that gives me clarity without being intrusive. It also allows me to control my work team and measure their level of productivity. Adarsh G Nath Cloud Infrastructure Architect, Mid-Market "Such a great platform for increasing productivity and team management" "With Desktime, we solved most of my problems by managing productivity for our team with the time tracking and application usage feature. Now, we have started using Desktime for project management and task scheduling, which I believe is a great feature." Abhay Singh Rana UI/UX Designer, Mid-Market "Perfect activity tracking" It helps our company's hybrid culture by tracking the productivity of every employee working from home and generating weekly reports to review everyone's performance accurately. The software also helps employees focus more on their tasks without being distracted by unproductive apps or sites. Verified User Computer Software, Mid-Market "Efficient and user-friendly time tracking tool" With its detailed reports and automatic time tracking, we can optimize workflows, improve project planning, and ensure accurate billing for client work. This has led to better productivity insights, more efficient time management, and enhanced team performance overall. Natasha Sierra Practice Manager, Mid-Market "Has improved our staff's productivity" DeskTime assists us in monitoring productivity, tracking time spent on tasks, and identifying workflow inefficiencies. It provides valuable information, which supports better team management and accountability. Parminder Singh U. CEO, Mid-Market "Efficient time tracking and productivity enhancement with DeskTime" With DeskTime’s automatic idle time and break detection features, we easily monitor the work-life balance within teams. It eliminates the need for manual reporting, leaving no room for error. Verified User Computer Software, Small-Business "One of the best tools for remote teams management and instant reporting." I really like that it has clock-in, clock-out, and holiday management. It's easy to use, and I implemented it very fast. The support that I was offered was great! Explore our Demo account Want to see the ins and outs of DeskTime before signing up? Try out our free Demo account! Discover DeskTime Integrations with popular work tools From calendar apps to help you track offline time, to project management software to make project and task tracking accurate, while effortless. DeskTime can simplify every aspect of your workflow. Read more Talk to our team Planning to onboard a large team of 10+ users? Schedule a chat with our product expert to learn how DeskTime can be tailored to fit your needs and requirements. 1 Fill out the form Start the booking process with basic info about your company. 2 Schedule your call Choose a date and time that works for you. 3 Answer a few additional questions We want the call to be about you—so the more we know, the better! 4 All set! You can relax and wait for the call. Your name * Company email * It looks like you're using a personal email. Please provide a company email address. Country * Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antarctica Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Chad Chile China Colombia Congo Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lebanon Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of North Macedonia Romania Rwanda Réunion Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tunisia Turkey Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Viet Nam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Other How many team members would use DeskTime? * Select 2-5 6-10 11-19 20-50 51-100 101-200 201+ Book a call Make time tracking part of your workflow What is DeskTime used for? DeskTime time tracker is a powerful tool for enhancing productivity and promoting work-life balance by accurately monitoring and analyzing how individuals allocate their time during work hours. What is a time tracker? A time tracker is a software tool designed to help individuals and teams monitor and manage how they allocate their time throughout the day. People track their time by using the time tracker tool to log their activities, tasks, and projects, typically by starting and stopping timers or manually inputting time spent on various activities. This allows users to gain insights into their productivity levels, identify time-wasting activities, and make more informed decisions about how to prioritize tasks and manage their workload effectively. How can I track my team’s work time? Solutions like DeskTime offer comprehensive features for accurately monitoring and managing work time for both individuals and teams. Simply log into the app and start using the time tracker by initiating timers or manually inputting time spent on various tasks. Using time tracking software like the DeskTime time tracker, you can easily track your own work time or oversee your team's productivity, ensuring efficient time utilization and maximizing productivity. How does using a task time tracker improve productivity? This self-analysis will motivate both you and your employees to do better and avoid any unnecessary and unproductive actions like those well-known “fast and easy” 5-minute jobs many of us are often asked to do. Employees who track time can access accurate productivity calculations to note how much these extra jobs actually take up their day and be able to make better decisions on whether it’s worth interrupting their workflow. Can implementing the DeskTime time tracker prevent burnout? Yes! Using a time tracker can help highlight overachievers and spot team members who are struggling or might need some extra help. This is a great way to catch and prevent burnout, as well as rethink resource distribution. Is my team's privacy safe when using an online time tracker? First thing’s first – DeskTime is certainly not a spy tool, but it’s no secret that some might use time recording apps to track online activity in ways that aren’t employee-friendly. Managers have the right to know how their employees get the job done, but it's imperative to also value your team's time and privacy while monitoring employees . That's why DeskTime even has a Private time feature that disables the time tracker for when you have to take care of non-work-related tasks during office hours. How to communicate using a time tracker with your team? You have to remember that using a work time tracker is a two-way street of communication, so it’s best to lead by example. Yes, it gives managers an overview of what their employees are doing during the workday, but it’s also a tool to help employees show their progress and ask for help if needed. Be transparent and honest about implementing team time tracking and take the time to show its benefits. For example, DeskTime lets you set break reminders, encourage private time, and eliminate overworking so your team members feel rested, valued, and safe. Go to all FAQS Unlock your team's true potential with DeskTime Eliminate time waste, maintain remote productivity, and promote a culture of transparency in your team. Get started for free Book an Intro Features Features Automatic time tracking Document title tracking Project time tracking Private time Productivity calculation Screenshots URL & app tracking Reports Dashboards Shift scheduling Absence calendar Attendance management Integrations & API Solutions Solutions By use cases Performance evaluation Employee monitoring Transparency & accountability Oversee remote work Productivity & efficiency Employee well-being Work-life balance Burnout prevention Hybrid work support Self-accountability By industries IT & software Financial services Consultants Startups Agencies Developers Lawyers By business size Enterprises Medium businesses Small teams Freelancers Resources Resources Demo Help Center Blog Case studies About us API documentation Find a reseller Become a reseller Affiliate Download app Contacts Contacts Contact us Open chat Feature requests Phone support Phone support +1 (240) 623-5586 Mon-Fri 9:00-22:00 EET Legal & Compliance Legal & Compliance Security Terms Privacy Cookies Beta tester terms 4.5 out of 5 from 400 reviews ISO 27001 & 27701 certified Features Automatic time tracking Document title tracking Project time tracking Private time Productivity calculation Screenshots URL & app tracking Reports Dashboards Shift scheduling Absence calendar Attendance management Integrations & API Resources Demo Help Center Blog Case studies About us API documentation Find a reseller Become a reseller Affiliate Download app Solutions By use cases Performance evaluation Employee monitoring Transparency & accountability Oversee remote work Productivity & efficiency Employee well-being Work-life balance Burnout prevention Hybrid work support Self-accountability By industries IT & software Financial services Consultants Startups Agencies Developers Lawyers By business size Enterprises Medium businesses Small teams Freelancers Contacts Contact us Open chat Feature requests Phone support +1 (240) 623-5586 Mon-Fri 9:00-22:00 EET Legal & Compliance Security Terms Privacy Cookies Beta tester terms 4.5 out of 5 from 400 reviews ISO 27001 & 27701 certified A hassle-free automatic time tracker. Set it and forget it. © 2011 - 2025 DeskTime