Destiny Item Manager Launch DIM | About Backers Shop Support User Guide Launch DIM About Backers Shop Support User Guide Control Your Items Your Way. Swap items, check stats, and build the loadout to Become Legend with Destiny Item
            Manager. Launch DIM try the beta Weapons Armor What is Destiny Item Manager (DIM)? Your items anywhere, anytime. Forgot to grab your favorite hand cannon from the vault? Just click and drag it to your
            active character while flying into your activity. Equip it directly if you're in the
            tower or hanging out in orbit! Create the perfect loadout. Use DIM’s powerful loadout optimizer to choose the stats and mods that you want and let
            DIM find the perfect set of items to get you there. DIM can even equip your mods for you
            when you create a loadout that specifies them! Find what you need, fast. The powerful and robust search query system in DIM can find anything you’re looking
              for quickly and easily. Just start typing what you want and let the autocomplete do
              the rest. You can even create complex search queries for identifying specific armor
              rolls and save the queries for repeated use! Check out our video on search. Built in recommendations. DIM partners with community experts to curate a wishlist of item rolls that will get
            marked with a thumbs up if they land in your inventory. Click on any item's name to see
            a listing of all its recommended rolls. You can even create your own wishlist with your
            favorite item rolls to use in DIM! Play efficiently. DIM’s progress page and bounty guide will help you keep track of where to go next and
            what items to bring to get the most bounties done while you’re there. Access DIM everywhere. DIM is a progressive web app (PWA) that works on any device with a supported browser.
            Use DIM on your PC, tablet, or phone! DIM can also be installed, for an app-like
            experience, from browsers that support PWAs like Chrome, Edge, and Safari. Launch DIM try the beta Install for Windows Install for Android Install for iOS Useful Links Support Beta Launch DIM User Guide Destiny is a registered trademark of Bungie. Some content and images are the property
              of Bungie. © 2022 DIM