deutschland.de - Your link to Germany Skip to main content Go to the homepage News Politics Day-to-day life Environment Business Culture Working Knowledge Studying German language Travel At a glance Videos + Keywords + International sign language Go to search Open language menu Open meta menu Close the language menu Deutsch English Français Español Português, Brasil Polski Türkçe Русский 中文 العربية Close meta menu Politics Life Knowledge Business Culture Environment Germany and the world Germany and the world Africa Asia Europe Israel North America Social media Social media Bluesky Facebook Instagram English X News X Service YouTube Weibo LinkedIn Threads Services of our partners Services of our partners Facts about Germany Goethe Institut Deutsche Welle Land der Ideen Germany Works. ifa DAAD Alumniportal Deutschland E+Z Digital magazine Digital magazine Careers in the skilled crafts and trades – talented people wanted! Getting Started in Germany Opportunities – Working in Germany deutschland.de app Cookie settings Publisher Information Dark Mode Enlarge text Topic of the week Inspiring courage Ukraine “Being courageous is to step into uncertainty” Media “Courage means addressing uncomfortable issues” Freediver “Courage is something you can learn” Climate action “We believe that courage means not looking the other way” Afrofluencer Stève Hiobi “The younger generation gives me hope” Test your knowledge /node/20603/ Quiz Quiz about Germany Start quiz Who was the first Federal Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany? Willy Brandt Konrad Adenauer Ludwig Erhard Next question How many times has the German men’s national soccer team won the FIFA World Cup? 1 4 6 Next question What is the name of Germany’s highest mountain? Zugspitze Hochwanner Hochfrottspitze Next question How many people live in Germany? approx. 54 million approx. 66 million approx. 83 million Next question Which means of transport was invented in Germany in 1817? railway bicycle automobile Next question Who is the Federal Republic’s head of state? The Federal Chancellor The Federal President The chairperson of the party with the largest number of votes Next question What is the name of Germany’s largest island? Sylt Rügen Föhr Next question Which author and Nobel laureate was born in Germany in 1917? Heinrich Böll Günter Grass Martin Walser Next question How many states (Länder) are there in Germany? 14 15 16 Next question Repeat This is the way the federal elections work We explain why every citizen has two votes. Facts about the electoral system. Find out more try another quiz Newsroom Newsroom Politics Taxes, minimum wage, military service – what will change for German citizens in 2026 Opinion polling Survey: Europe and defence regarded as top priorities Ukraine war Allies pledge “full support” for Zelenskiy Online hate Federal Government: US sanctions against HateAid unacceptable Middle East conflict Wadephul: No participation in Gaza stabilisation force Christmas speech Steinmeier calls for courage and optimism Economic policy Combining competitiveness and climate action Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Your opinion counts! Make the most of this opportunity to help us develop deutschland.de further. We look forward to receiving your ideas! Participation is anonymous and only takes a few minutes! You can access the survey here. Skilled crafts Made it! They have come from Ecuador, Tunisia and Vietnam, and all have found their place in Germany. Let’s meet Victoria, Aymen and Dieu Hue. The art of craftsmanship: handmade joy The German TV series “Handwerkskunst” opens the doors of workshops across the country. It present people for whom work is about talent and devotion. Sewing: a universal language A fashion workshop in Frankfurt am Main shows how diversity can be key to a successful business. People from many different nations work together there and enhance the business. Ana and Imad hit the ground running The media designer from Mexico and the mechanic from Syria who have set out on their own. What does being self-employed mean to them? They share their experiences and tips. Five steps to gaining a qualification in Germany Rohan Gupta from India wants to train an electronics technician in Germany. Our infographic explains how he will get here. Five great reasons to work in the skilled crafts and trades Great working conditions, a secure job, development opportunities – there are so many reasons to train and work in the skilled crafts and trades in Germany. Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Digital magazine: Careers in the skilled crafts and trades – talented people wanted! Read our free 56-page magazine to find out all about job opportunities in the skilled crafts and trades in Germany. Read the e-magazine now From Ecuador to Germany: Working as an industrial mechanic From Tunisia to Germany: Working as a mechatronics engineer From Vietnam to Germany: Working as a baker's apprentice Regional Focus Disinformation Russian Russian manipulation – “a fatal distortion of reality” Disinformation, cyberattacks, AI propaganda – CeMAS researcher Julia Smirnova explains how Russia conducts information warfare and how Germany can protect itself. German investment in Southeast Asia Asia German companies’ preferred investment locations in Southeast Asia From Singapore to Vietnam: find out why German companies have been increasingly investing in ASEAN states and which countries are particularly attractive in this context. Dancing Africa Moves that bring people together Noel Robinson, Oumi Janta and Isaac Kyere are reaching a global community through dancing, social media and empowerment. Find out more about Germany and the world Africa Asia and Pacific Europe Israel North America Latin America Syria Reconstruction in Aleppo Arab world Reconstruction amidst ruins Architect Dima Dayoub is working to preserve cultural heritage in the destroyed historic centre of Aleppo – and to reconstruct entire residential districts. Landmine clearance Arab world Life among unexploded ordnance Whether in villages, on farmland or in school buildings: mines lurk almost everywhere in Syria. The HALO Trust removes them – with support from Germany. Health Arab world A children’s hospital between destruction and new beginnings War, poverty and destroyed infrastructure: for many families in Syria, medical care is out of reach. The German Red Cross provides humanitarian assistance. deutschland.de Stories Christmas time has finally arrived No one should  be alone at Christmas Germans around the world Christmas Spirit on Air: Worship in Germany Chance for real peace process Germany's most beautiful Christmas markets Women in skilled trades German craftsmanship Struggling with your German? Tips for self-employment Public broadcasting Hannah Arendt 70th anniversary of the Bundeswehr The Fall of the Wall Syria's fight against mines Reformation Day Gen Z's Book Club German Unity Day Germany's watery wonders Germany in the United Nations German legal system Most beautiful gardens in Germany! Albert Schweitzer Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Overlay schließen Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Topics on this page Test your knowledge Regional Focus Syria deutschland.de Stories Pros & Cons Schnitzel & small talk Migration Sustainability in everyday life German economy: #LeadingInnovation Day-to-day life in Germany Famous Germans In focus Pros & Cons Pros and cons Is a mobile phone ban at schools expedient? Young people are constantly online – even in school. Two education experts debate whether mobile phone bans promote concentration or impair opportunities. Which topic would you like for a pro and con? Participation is voluntary. Further information can be found in our privacy policy. Share Your message was sent. An error has occurred. Please try again later. Schnitzel & small talk mehr erfahren Schnitzel & smalltalk Schnitzel & small talk Pushing the boundaries at an exclusive club Rosalía’s hit Berghain cements Germany’s most iconic dance temple as pure myth – somewhere between door-drama, style anxiety and bass onslaught. Subscribe to our newsletter Email address First name Last name Language German English Spanish I have read and accepted the data protection statement . Subscribe Thank you for signing up! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please confirm your email address so that we can send you our newsletter in the future. An error has occurred. Please try again later. Migration Migration Migration policy Germany remains a country of immigration - with clear rules Skilled workers Migration One in seven patent applications is filed by somebody with an migration background Humanitarian aid “Standing by the people” Violence in Darfur is escalating, and hundreds of thousands are fleeing. Germany is providing additional funds – for drinking water, food and medical care. “Abhorrent violations of international law” In the face of hospitals unable to cope, blocked convoys and serious human rights violations, numerous states have called on Sudan to end the attacks. Combating hunger, sack by sack Securing the food supply, saving lives: Germany is one of the biggest donors of humanitarian aid and supports numerous organisations in South Sudan. Where German help is changing lives Armed conflicts, drought and flooding have plunged South Sudan into crisis. German projects provide food, water and protection. An invisible threat to 60 million people The Federal Foreign Office supports efforts to remove unexploded ordnance around the world, aiming to protect the civilian population of current and former conflict areas. The invisible threat Every day, people in Syria are killed by explosives hidden in the ground. Germany is helping to remove the devices. Alleviating crises around the world Germany provides humanitarian aid to support millions of people, including in countries and regions that are not at the centre of media attention. Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Sustainability in everyday life #LivingResponsibly Be kind to the environment - here’s how! Cycling to work, buying regional fruit and vegetables and using green electricity - we present some great ideas for how to make your day-to-day life more sustainable. German economy: #LeadingInnovation Germany’s Hidden Champions: unknown but indispensable innovation drivers German Mittelstand “We are the backbone of the economy” Germany’s big players: driving innovation forward “Germany is a great place to found a startup” Fraunhofer: a hub for cutting edge research and innovation Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Overlay schließen Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Read more Day-to-day life in Germany mehr erfahren Play video Dieses YouTube-Video kann in einem neuen Tab abgespielt werden YouTube öffnen Third party content We use YouTube to embed content that may collect data about your activity. Please review the details and accept the service to see this content. Open consent form Piwik is not available or is blocked. Please check your adblocker settings. Statistics Facts about Germany How do Germans live? How do average people in Germany live and work? How old do they get? How much do they earn? We have all the facts and figures. Germany’s most popular beers Pilsner or wheat? Germany is seen as the country of good beer. Here are the regional specialities. Living in Germany Friendship How and where can I get to know people? New to a German city? We'll show you the quickest way to make contacts and where you can meet people. find out more Getting Started in Germany Work, German lessons and buttered pretzels - Ayushi Sharma’s life in Germany After completing her master’s in Munich, the young woman from India embarked on a career in Germany as an IT manager. This is how she got off to a successful start. Finding your job in  Germany in seven steps Mаríа Fernаndа Gаrcíа López is from Mexico and wants to work as IT specialists in Munich. The journey of this 28-year-old skilled worker is just one example of how you can come to Germany. Teaching, learning, making friends – Daniela Noya’s life in Germany The nursery school teacher from Colombia works at a nursery. She talks here about how she started out in Germany. How to get off to a successful start in Germany The new digital magazine from deutschland.de provides international skilled professionals with useful tips when they arrive in Germany. From the Red Sea to the Black Forest – Khaled Elbarbary’s life in Germany Qualified staff from abroad are also in demand in Germany’s hotel sector. Let us introduce you to a young Egyptian who works in the Black Forest. Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Read more Development and Dialogue Development and Dialogue Inspiring courage “The younger generation gives me hope” German Africa Prize A bold voice for young democracy: Namatai Kwekweza Europe Global Alliance for Democracy Mobility and Travel Mobility and Travel Europe Following the Berlin Wall trail Getting around in Germany Travel in Germany Deutschlandticket: travel across Germany by bus and train The economy in Germany The economy in Germany German investment in Southeast Asia German companies’ preferred investment locations in Southeast Asia Five tips for getting started in Germany “Reliability matters a lot in Germany and I think that’s a good thing” Skilled crafts and trades Made it! Choose your topic Germany - the Federal Government #BetterTogether: Global engagement Humanitarian Assistance Renewable energies Germany in the United Nations Working in Germany Your guide to studying in Germany Learning German Climate Protection Digitization The EU at a glance Destination Germany Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Famous Germans A portrait Poetry The perfect poet Rainer Maria Rilke was born 150 years ago. The German-language poet was much admired even in his lifetime, and his works continue to touch people around the world to this day. A life in exile: Hannah Arendt and her escape from evil Hannah Arendt was one of the most influential political theorists. Her works reveal how important it is to stand up for democracy and human rights. Reformation Day: Martin Luther, the Reformer How Martin Luther and the Reformation have continued to influence German society until the present. Wim Wenders - travelling the world through film Wim Wenders has made a name for himself not just as one of Germany’s leading directors but also as a photographer. Sophie Scholl: Resistance icon Sophie Scholl is one of the most famous women in German history. As a member of the “White Rose”, she was part of the resistance to the Nazi regime. Albert Schweitzer: out of reverence for life What drove the doctor, humanist and Nobel Peace Prize laureate – and how he built an entire hospital village in what is today Gabon. Anne Frank and her diary: writing for eternity Anne Frank died in a concentration camp aged 15. Her diary is one of the most important documents which bear witness to Nazi atrocities. Dietrich Bonhoeffer: faith in contradiction It is not possible to be a National Socialist and a Christian at the same time: this is the attitude that defined the life of Dietrich Bonhoeffer. The theologian was murdered by the Nazis on 9 April 1945. Johannes Gutenberg – knowledge for the whole world It was his invention of letterpress printing with movable type that enabled books to be produced rapidly and inexpensively. Erich Kästner: a great children’s book author – and much more besides His children’s books have been translated into more than 70 languages and continue to sell millions of copies to this day. Erich Kästner didn’t just write for young readers, however. Caspar David Friedrich: the master of silence Forgotten, misunderstood and celebrated: Caspar David Friedrich’s works  are ready to be rediscovered again in his 250th anniversary year. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe: a genius, even beyond literature Goethe shaped German culture like no other. His persistent thirst for knowledge was his greatest motivation. Marlene Dietrich - world star, style icon, myth The actress and singer was a phenomenon of her era and continues to inspire many people around the world today, partly because of her political stance. Franz Kafka – the eternal enigma of world literature The world's most widely read German-language author died on 3 June 1924 – and left instructions for all his writings to be destroyed. Käthe Kollwitz – a dauntless woman and major artist Her works are of timeless significance and exceptional artistic quality. Käthe Kollwitz campaigned against war and poverty and for the rights of women. Thomas Mann – a literary giant of the century 2025 marks the 150th anniversary of Thomas Mann’s birth and the 70th anniversary of his death – a good moment to revisit the work of the Nobel laureate. Clara Schumann – art is the air I breathe She was a pianist, composer, piano teacher, superstar – and she is the most famous woman in music history. A portrait to mark the 205th anniversary of her birth Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Read more Find everything you’re looking for! All information and services at a glance To the service finder In focus Disinformation Russian Russian manipulation – “a fatal distortion of reality” Journalism Fake news Joining forces against disinformation Humour Artistic freedom Satire in Germany: as provocative as possible, please Mockery and malice: artists in Germany have plenty of opportunities to critically engage with politics and society. Law Legislation Where do the limits on freedom of expression begin? Freedom of expression is a fundamental right in Germany – but it still has its limits. Putting this much-debated issue into context. Crime Propaganda and sabotage Protecting democracy against hybrid attacks Germany is focusing its attention on the risks posed by information manipulation, cyberattacks and acts of sabotage. Most of the attacks are orchestrated from abroad. Services of our partners This may also be of interest to you! If you wish to learn more about German politics, studying and research in Germany, the country’s culture and language, then simply visit our partners’ Websites. There you will in-depth and exciting information. Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Overlay schließen Vorheriges Item Nächstes Item Go to the homepage Contact Data protection statement Publisher Information deutschland.de app Newsletter Service for journalists Accessibility statement International sign language Easy language Go to the site Take part in our survey! Your opinion counts! Make the most of this opportunity to help us develop deutschland.de further. We look forward to receiving your ideas! Participation is anonymous and only takes a few minutes! You can access the survey here.