Remote access and password management - Devolutions <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NGMLT9FT" height=0 style=visibility:hidden;display:none width=0></iframe> Solutions Products Resources Company Blog Pricing More EN FR DE Portal Forum Devolutions force Hub Business Hub Personal Devolutions Send Devolutions Academy Download RDM Workspace Launcher Packages Remote desktop management & IT operations Boost productivity, decrease costs, and increase security with a centralized platform where you can manage a wide range of remote connections and tools. Workforce password management Improve your security strategy without reducing productivity by using a password management solution. Privileged access management Diminish the risk of insider threats and cyberattacks while providing audit and compliance requirements for your team. Remote access management Establish a secure entry point for internal or external segmented networks that require authorized just-in-time (JIT) access. IT automation with PowerShell Universal Streamline routine IT tasks and boost productivity with integrated scripting, orchestration, and reporting. Devolutions Remote Desktop Manager Free Best all-in-one remote connection and credential management tool for independent IT users Packages Starter Pack The whole power of Devolutions at half price for teams of 5 Proof of concept: 100+ users? Quick overview Integration center Unified solutions: seamless integrations with Devolutions Compare our solution packages Get a quote MAIN MENU Solutions Products Resources Company Blog Pricing Solutions Packages Remote desktop management & IT operations Boost productivity, decrease costs, and increase security with a centralized platform where you can manage a wide range of remote connections and tools. Workforce password management Improve your security strategy without reducing productivity by using a password management solution. Privileged access management Diminish the risk of insider threats and cyberattacks while providing audit and compliance requirements for your team. Remote access management Establish a secure entry point for internal or external segmented networks that require authorized just-in-time (JIT) access. IT automation with PowerShell Universal Streamline routine IT tasks and boost productivity with integrated scripting, orchestration, and reporting. Devolutions Remote Desktop Manager Free Best all-in-one remote connection and credential management tool for independent IT users Starter Pack The whole power of Devolutions at half price for teams of 5 Proof of concept: 100+ users? Quick overview Integration center Unified solutions: seamless integrations with Devolutions Compare our solution packages Get a quote Products Products Devolutions Remote Desktop Manager The best remote connection manager in the industry Devolutions PAM Privileged access manager built for IT professionals Devolutions Workspace Secure remote access management — No VPN required Devolutions Launcher Remote connection launching tool Devolutions Gateway Secure remote access management - no VPN required Devolutions PowerShell Universal Automate remote management with integrated dashboards and API's Data sources Devolutions Server Self-hosted credential manager Devolutions Hub Business Cloud-hosted password manager Companion tools Devolutions Send Secrets sharing made quick, secure, and simple Devolutions Agent System service to control privileged operations Discover Remote Desktop Manager Free Resources Resources Devolutions Academy Your FREE go-to hub for mastering Devolutions' suite of products and services. Devolutions forum The Devolutions Forum is the place to go to connect with your peers and the Devolutions team. Devolutions documentation Get answers to product specifications, settings and more on our documentation. Devolutions blog Stay up to date with our weekly articles on our blog, the toolbox for your IT success. On-demand Lab Success stories Reports & white papers Devolutions force Learn a quick tip in 5 minutes! Browse feature requests Resources Devolutions Academy Your FREE go-to hub for mastering Devolutions' suite of products and services. Devolutions forum The Devolutions Forum is the place to go to connect with your peers and the Devolutions team. Devolutions documentation Get answers to product specifications, settings and more on our documentation. Devolutions blog Stay up to date with our weekly articles on our blog, the toolbox for your IT success. Packages On-demand Lab Success stories Reports & white papers Devolutions force Learn a quick tip in 5 minutes! Browse feature requests Resources Devolutions Academy Your FREE go-to hub for mastering Devolutions' suite of products and services. Devolutions forum The Devolutions Forum is the place to go to connect with your peers and the Devolutions team. Devolutions documentation Get answers to product specifications, settings and more on our documentation. Devolutions blog Stay up to date with our weekly articles on our blog, the toolbox for your IT success. Packages On-demand Lab Success stories Reports & white papers Devolutions force Learn a quick tip in 5 minutes! Browse feature requests Products Devolutions Remote Desktop Manager The best remote connection manager in the industry Devolutions PAM Privileged access manager built for IT professionals Devolutions Workspace Secure remote access management — No VPN required Devolutions Launcher Remote connection launching tool Devolutions Gateway Secure remote access management - no VPN required Devolutions PowerShell Universal Automate remote management with integrated dashboards and API's Data sources Devolutions Server Self-hosted credential manager Devolutions Hub Business Cloud-hosted password manager Companion tools Devolutions Send Secrets sharing made quick, secure, and simple Devolutions Agent System service to control privileged operations Discover Remote Desktop Manager Free Company About Devolutions Timeline Lifestyle Media Devolutions logos Wallpapers Careers Welcome Available positions Spontaneous application Newsroom Press releases Newsletters In the news Security & compliance Security Advisories Trust center Legal & privacy Report a security issue Contact Send message Call me Live chat Technical support Sales Contact information About Devolutions Timeline Lifestyle Media Devolutions logos Wallpapers Newsroom Press releases Newsletters In the news Careers Welcome Available positions Spontaneous application Security & compliance Security Advisories Trust center Legal & privacy Report a security issue Contact Send message Call me Live chat Technical support Sales Contact information About Devolutions Timeline Lifestyle Media Devolutions logos Wallpapers Careers Welcome Available positions Spontaneous application Newsroom Press releases Newsletters In the news Security & compliance Security Advisories Trust center Legal & privacy Report a security issue Contact Send message Call me Live chat Technical support Sales Contact information Best all-in-one remote connection and credential management tool for independent IT users Manage all your remote connections, passwords, and credentials in one secure place — for free. Learn more Watch 90-sec demo Solutions as packages: Everything you need in one bundle Each package includes the right set of products, cloud or self-hosted, designed to fully cover your use case. Remote desktop management & IT operations Managing a wide range of remote connections and tools from a centralized platform can boost productivity, decrease cost, and increase security. Centralize remote access Manage all IT connections in one platform Secure infrastructure Enforce access policies for IT environments Improve IT efficiency Standardize workflows for sysadmins and helpdesks Remote Desktop Manager is built to centralize remote connections, remote asset data, password management, and access control on a secure, scalable, and refreshingly simple-to-use platform. Start trial Explore package Privileged access management Diminish the risk of insider threats and cyberattacks while providing audit and compliance requirements for your team. Control privileged access Secure and manage high-risk accounts Enforce least privilege Restrict access to critical resources Strengthen security Rotate passwords and monitor privileged activities Our full product suite was designed to meet the ever-expanding security requirements of teams of all sizes looking for an affordable PAM solution. Start trial Explore package PowerShell Universal Create powerful dashboards, orchestrate tasks, and streamline administrative workflows — all from a unified, secure, and flexible automation platform. Automate with confidence Design and run automation scripts, scheduled jobs, and workflows Build secure dashboards & portals Create interactive dashboards, forms, and administrative portals APIs Connect PSU with your existing tools and infrastructure Expose your PowerShell logic as secure REST APIs in seconds. Test, document, and automate workflows seamlessly with built-in endpoint management. Explore the capabilities See pricing Remote access management Establish a secure entry point for internal or external segmented networks that require authorized just-in-time (JIT) access. Grant temporary access Tightly control access for external users and vendors Replace VPNs with a lightweight alternative Provide a protocol-limited connection to a remote network segment Monitor sessions Enforce MFA and track remote access activity Devolutions Gateway offers a lightweight alternative to Apache Guacamole and traditional VPNs for organizations requiring secure access to remote network segments. Start trial Explore package Workforce password management Improve your security strategy without reducing productivity by using a password management solution. Manage credentials Securely store and share workforce passwords Enforce security Implement authentication policies and MFA enforcement Streamline access Reduce password fatigue with SSO and cross-platform support The user-friendly web interfaces of Devolutions Server (self-hosted) and Devolutions Hub (cloud-based) simplify how teams manage and access shared credentials. Start trial Explore package What the community has to say Join our community forum today and connect with experts. Our incredible worldwide community and the Devolutions support teams are here to assist you 24/7 when you need it most! Join now 15K active members Robust support from the Devolutions team Direct communication with our developers and product managers Ongoing bug monitoring User-driven feature requests Plus, many more benefits... Join our newsletter Stay up to date on everything Devolutions, from security news to upcoming events, product updates, tips and tricks, and more! English Français Deutsch Solutions Solution packages Starter Pack Remote desktop management & IT operations Workforce password management Privileged access management Remote access management Integration center Remote Desktop Manager & CyberArk Proof of concept Products Remote Desktop Manager Devolutions Workspace Devolutions Launcher Devolutions PAM Devolutions Gateway Devolutions Hub Devolutions Server Devolutions free products Roadmap 2025 Companion Tools Devolutions PowerShell Devolutions Send Devolutions Agent Buy Online store Pricing Request quote Find a reseller Resources Support center Devolutions Documentation Devolutions Forum Devolutions Academy Devolutions Blog Use cases Success stories Reports & white papers Status page Partners Reseller program Translate Company Contact information About Devolutions Careers Tax documents Legal & Privacy Trust Center Security & compliance Newsroom Logos and wallpapers Contact us Helping organizations control the IT chaos by providing highly-secure password, remote connection and privileged access management solutions. Devolutions Legal & privacy infos@devolutions.net All rights reserved © 2025 Devolutions