Dexerto | Leading Gaming & Pop Culture Hub for Brand Engagement Home About Our Work For Brands Careers News Home About Our Work For Brands Careers News Contact Contact Work #1 COMSCORE BRAND IN GAMING. Dexerto is the world’s leading digital entertainment company that keeps the internet clued in on what’s trending across gaming and pop culture, capturing the pulse of online life as it happens. We partner with the world’s leading brands, offering comprehensive services that connect them directly to gaming culture. From content creation to strategic collaborations, we drive authentic engagement, helping brands inspire, entertain, and immerse audiences on their journey from curiosity to passion. Show All Click Here BLACK MYTH: WUKONG Click Here PLAYSTATION Click Here PRINGLES Click Here SQUARESPACE Click Here DRUMSTICK Click Here XBOX Click Here Work Services WHAT WE DO. Our exceptional standards shine through in our services, expert advice, and technical know-how. Our dedicated crew is ready to guide you with unparalleled insights and experience through the vibrant gaming and entertainment universe. ADVERTISING & PAID MEDIA Dexerto’s targeted media solutions boost brand visibility and engagement, reaching audiences across gaming and entertainment platforms with precision and impact. PRODUCTION & CREATIVE We create high-quality visuals, videos, and storytelling that elevate your brand, delivering captivating content tailored to resonate with your audience. DATA, INSIGHTS & STRATEGY Utilizing data-driven insights, we develop strategies that maximize reach and engagement, ensuring your brand stands out in the gaming community. INFLUENCER PARTNERSHIPS We connect your brand with top influencers, fostering authentic partnerships that amplify your message and engage audiences within the gaming community. SOCIAL AMPLIFICATION Our social amplification strategies extend your brand’s reach, leveraging powerful content across platforms to maximize visibility and audience engagement. EVENT ACTIVATIONS We create immersive event activations that bring your brand to life, driving real-time engagement and memorable experiences for fans and attendees. Services Stats 00.0 MONTHLY WEBSITE VISITORS 0.0 CROSS PLATFORM VIEWS 00.0 SOCIAL FOLLOWERS 00.0 SOCIAL IMPRESSIONS “Over the past year, Dexerto has worked with us on creating content for our gaming community. Projects are always supported with enthusiasm. It is very clear the team is passionate at what they do and are relevant in the entertainment/gaming space. What sets Dexerto apart is their commitment to client satisfaction. Their responsiveness, flexibility, and proactive approach makes them a valued partner.” PLAYSTATION “The team really enjoyed working with Dexerto. Nespresso wanted to tap into the gaming space and Dexerto was a great partner with lots of fresh, innovative capabilities and targeting. The creative built for this campaign really transformed with Dexerto’s help. We were very impressed!” NESPRESSO “Not only was the content amazing, but getting there was a breeze. Dexerto is a group of pros that gave us an incredibly creative concept that aligned perfectly with our brand and we look forward to working with them again in the future.” SQUARESPACE “Working with Dexerto has been a great experience. Their team is not only responsive and collaborative, but also brings a diversity of thought that is truly refreshing. Their ability to adapt on the fly to client needs and pivot executions to optimize a program is exceptional.” US NAVY “Working with the Dexerto team on the Nespresso x Dexerto Q1’24 campaign was a pleasure! The Dexerto team was extremely responsive, collaborative, and accommodating every step of the way. The team’s efforts no doubt contributed to the campaign’s strong results, and both OpenMind and the Nespresso clients were very pleased with this partnership.” NESPRESSO “Dexerto has truly become a staple partner for Totino’s campaigns – while the content of our first campaign performed well above expectations, it’s the white-glove service and their amazing team that have fostered this relationship.” TOTINO'S Stats Team LATEST NEWS. The latest Dexerto news from our locations around the globe. 20 Sep 2024 SOCIAL MILESTONES November has been another standout month for Dexerto, as our platform continues to experience unprecedented growth across multiple channels. 18 Sep 2024 #1 COMSCORE Dexerto, the leading voice in gaming and esports media, is thrilled to announce its latest milestone achievement: being ranked #1… 13 Sep 2024 2023 GROWTH 2023 has been a landmark year for Dexerto, marked by impressive growth, new ventures, and strengthened partnerships that have solidified… Team Contact GET CONNECTED. Whether you have questions or want to explore our services further, feel free to get in touch with us anytime. We’re here to help! LONDON Dexerto Limited 86-90 Paul Street London EC2A 4NE Phone: +44 (0)20 3371 7226 CHICAGO Dexerto Services, LLC 630 N. North Court Suite 120 Palatine, IL 60067 ‍ Phone: +1 708-637-1698 PARIS Dexerto LTD 5, Bis Avenue du Cep 78300 Poissy France ‍ Phone: +33 1 73 16 72 82 DROP US A LINE TODAY. Contact Us Contact