European Cruises & Ferries | DFDS Passenger ferries Freight Ferries and Logistics About DFDS Our Routes Ferries to UK / Ferries from Ireland Calais-Dover Dunkirk-Dover Dieppe-Newhaven Amsterdam-Newcastle Rosslare-Dunkirk Ferries from Jersey Jersey-St Malo Jersey-Portsmouth Jersey-Poole Jersey-Guernsey 24hr Day Trip from Jersey Short breaks from Jersey Ferries from Jersey Ferries in Scandinavia Copenhagen-Oslo Frederikshavn-Oslo Ferries to the Baltics Kiel-Klaipeda Karlshamn-Klaipeda Kapellskär-Paldiski Trelleborg-Klaipeda Spain & Morocco Spain-Morocco Morocco-Spain Mini Cruises & Package Holidays Mini Cruises Amsterdam Mini Cruise Newcastle Mini Cruise Copenhagen Mini Cruise Oslo Mini Cruise Klaipeda Mini Cruise All Mini Cruises Package Holidays Amsterdam City Break All Packages Offers Onboard & Inspiration Onboard On board our Ferries Duty Free Extras and Add-Ons Inspiration Blog Holland Travel Guide France Travel Guide Belgium Travel Guide Germany Travel Guide Other Travel Guides Reserve & Collect Discover DFDS Travel That Moves You Behind Every Journey Recognition and Awards Our Rich Heritage Environmental Sustainability Help & Information Travel Information Customer service FAQs Live Travel Updates Timetables Terminals Pet Travel Login (My Bookings) Advanced Passenger Information Group travel Contact us Travel Extras Get Your Guide More Information Environmental Initiatives Border Regulations Updates Sign up to our Newsletter Contact us DFDS locations European Ferry Travel with DFDS Sailings for 2026 are now open for sale Our offers % 15 off sailings in 2026 Early Booking Offers Take advantage of our DFDS early bird offers and plan your 2026 getaways to UK, Ireland, Jersey, France, Netherlands, Germany, Scandinavia and the Baltics to receive 15% discount . From £ 29 per foot passenger, return* 24hr Day Trip to St Malo Experience the historic charm and cultural allure of France with a Day Trip or overnight stay in St Malo. % 20 discount on 1-3 day breaks* Short breaks to the UK and France from Jersey Take a short break to France or southern England and save 20% on 1-3 day trips. Whether you’re seeking relaxation, adventure, or both, there’s plenty to explore. % 15 off cabin and vehicle Save on round trip in Baltics! Book the return trip on Klaipeda-Karlshamn route and save 15% on your cabin and vehicle . This offer is valid for travel until March 31st 2026 – secure your ferry tickets now! Experience the UK, Jersey and Europe From € 79 per person based on 4 people in an inside cabin, one way + car Ferry Crossings to the UK Travel to the UK through one of our three ports, Newcastle, Dover or Newhaven, allowing you to explore the North and South of the British Isles. From € 112 per car + 4 people, one way English Channel Ferry Crossings Our English Channel crossings from Calais, Dunkirk and Dieppe give you the opportunity to visit the UK and explore the country at your own pace. From £ 145 per car + 3 people, one way* Ferries from Jersey to the UK & France Book your ferry from Jersey to the UK or France with DFDS. Connect to Poole, Portsmouth, or St Malo with reliable service, onboard comfort, and the freedom to travel with your vehicle. From € 39 pp Ferry Crossings to the Baltics Cruise to the Baltics on one of our three routes and explore a variety of different locations, including Lithuania, Estonia and more. All DFDS European Ferry Crossings DFDS - the World’s Leading Ferry Operator - offers multiple ferry routes from popular European ports in Europe to the UK, as well as routes in Scandinavia and across the Baltic Sea. Book now and travel with DFDS. View all of our available routes here Proudly named the World’s Leading Ferry Operator We did it ! We retained our titles as both Europe’s Leading Ferry Operator and the World’s Leading Ferry Operator again in 2025. We were also once again recognised as having the best website in our industry – scooping both the European and World awards in 2025. A heartfelt thank you to everyone who voted, and to our passengers, colleagues and partners who contribute to our continued success – we couldn’t do it without you all. Find out more Join +500.000 travellers. Sign-up to receive DFDS news and be the first to get: Exclusive offers, promotions and competitions News updates and special events Inspiration, tips and travel ideas Email address * I consent to DFDS using my contact details to send me regular, customised information about DFDS’s products and services. I know that I can withdraw my consent and unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please read the DFDS privacy policy . Sign me up! Prices are subject to availability. Telephone booking fees apply. Terms and conditions apply. Explore DFDS Freight Ferries and Logistics About us Passenger ferries My Bookings/Log In Contact us Customer service FAQs Awards Environmental Initiatives Live Travel Updates Advanced Passenger Information FAQ Important information Other Links Agent registration and agent login Careers at DFDS Affiliates Privacy Notice Terms and Conditions Sign up to our DFDS Newsletter DFDS App Follow us Whistleblower Cookie Policy Privacy Notice Accessibility Statement Legal