Department for Transport - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide cookie message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Search Search GOV.UK Search Home Organisations Department for Transport Department for Transport The Highway Code Who can get a Blue Badge? Apply for an older person's bus pass £3 national bus fare cap Know your traffic signs Featured 31 December 2025 — Press release All aboard for savings: the Great British Rail Sale returns! Discounted train tickets from almost all operators in Britain will be available to buy between 6 January to 12 January 2026. 20 December 2025 — Press release Seamless streaming for festive journeys with South Western Railway's super wifi trial Cutting-edge wifi added to South Western Railway journeys between London Waterloo, Portsmouth Harbour and Weymouth. 17 December 2025 — Press release New DVSA Chief Executive named to tackle driving test backlog Beverley Warmington appointed DVSA Chief Executive to lead agency operations and deliver plans to cut driving test backlog and improve services for learners. 11 December 2025 — Press release Government and police join forces to tackle drink and drug driving this festive season No one should get behind the wheel under the influence of drink or drugs. 12 December 2025 — Press release The Christmas markets and New Years Eve fireworks you can reach for no more than £3 Take the bus for a festive day out this Christmas. 9 July 2025 — Press release DfT issues warning about scam text messages asking people to pay fines People receiving text messages claiming to be from DfT should not click on any links or share financial details. Latest from the Department for Transport £3 national bus fare cap 1 January 2026 Guidance RTFO and SAF Mandate recognised verifiers 1 January 2026 Guidance Visiting the UK as an EU, EEA or Swiss citizen 1 January 2026 Guidance See all latest documents Subscriptions Get emails What we do We work with our agencies and partners to support the transport network that helps the UK’s businesses and gets people and goods travelling around the country. We plan and invest in transport infrastructure to keep the UK on the move. DfT is a ministerial department, supported by 23 agencies and public bodies . Read more about what we do Follow us The following links open in a new tab Follow on DfT X (opens in new tab) Follow on DfT Instagram (opens in new tab) Follow on DfT LinkedIn (opens in new tab) Follow on DfT YouTube (opens in new tab) Follow on DfT Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on DfT Careers Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on DfT Careers X (opens in new tab) Follow on DfT Statistics X (opens in new tab) Documents Services Apply for or renew a Blue Badge Parking fines and penalty charge notices See all services Guidance and regulation The Highway Code 22 October 2025 Manual Visiting the UK as an EU, EEA or Swiss citizen 1 January 2026 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications All aboard for savings: the Great British Rail Sale returns! 31 December 2025 Press release Seamless streaming for festive journeys with South Western Railway's super wifi trial 20 December 2025 Press release See all news and communications Research and statistics Mitigating emissions of fine particulate matter from road transport 30 December 2025 Research and analysis Fine particulate matter from road wear and dust resuspension 30 December 2025 Research and analysis See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations SAF Mandate: crop-derived sustainable aviation fuel 22 December 2025 Open call for evidence Climate adaptation strategy for transport 18 December 2025 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases DfT: FOI and EIR disclosure log 2025 19 December 2025 FOI release DfT: workforce management information, November 2025 19 December 2025 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Our ministers The Rt Hon Heidi Alexander MP Secretary of State for Transport Lord Hendy of Richmond Hill CBE Minister of State (Minister for Rail) Unpaid Simon Lightwood MP Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Minister for Roads and Buses) Lilian Greenwood MP Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Minister for Local Transport) Keir Mather MP Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Minister for Aviation, Maritime and Decarbonisation) Our management Jo Shanmugalingam Permanent Secretary David Silk Interim Director General Aviation, Maritime and Security Group Nick Joyce Director General Corporate Delivery Group Alan Over Director General Major Rail Projects Group Conrad Bailey Director General Public Transport and Local Group Richard Goodman Director General Rail Reform and Strategy Group Stephen Cave Legal Director Ian King Lead non-executive director and non-executive board member with responsibility for the Union Richard Keys Non-executive board member, DfT Dame Sarah Storey Non-executive board member, DfT Tony Poulter Non-executive board member, DfT Tracy Westall Non-executive board member, DfT James Norton Group Human Resources Director Contact DfT Office address and general enquiries Department for Transport Great Minster House 33 Horseferry Road London SW1P 4DR United Kingdom Contact: Office address and general enquiries Switchboard (8:30am to 5:30pm) 0300 330 3000 Please use the contact form wherever possible to get in touch with the Department for Transport. We aim to respond within 20 working days. We may send your personal data to other transport organisations if they are best placed to answer your enquiry. Find out more about how DfT looks after any personal data you send us at https://www.gov.uk/dft/privacy-policy . Media enquiries The Department for Transport press office only deals with enquiries from the media. For personal enquiries regarding MOT, please email: enquiries@dvsa.gov.uk . If you are not a member of the media, use the switchboard line: 0300 330 3000 If you are a member of the media and have a media query contact the press office: https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/department-for-transport/about/media-enquiries . Make a Freedom of Information (FOI) request Read about the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act and how to make a request . Check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question. Make a new request by contacting us using the details below. Freedom of Information requests FOI Requests Department for Transport FOI Advice Team 3rd Floor One Priory Square Hastings TN34 1EA United Kingdom FOI contact form Switchboard 0300 330 3000 High profile groups within DfT Centre for Connected and Autonomous Vehicles Office for Zero Emission Vehicles Corporate information Our organisation chart Accessible documents policy Complaints procedure Equality and diversity Media enquiries Modern slavery statement Office access and opening times Our energy use Our governance Research at DfT Statistics at DfT Jobs and contracts Procurement at DfT Working for DfT Jobs Read about the types of information we routinely publish in our Publication scheme . Find out about our commitment to publishing in Welsh . Our Personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. Read our policy on Social media use . Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab and requires JavaScript ) . Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright