Vipassana Meditation Toggle navigation About What is Vipassana? Mr. S.N. Goenka The Art of Living: Vipassana Meditation The Code of Discipline Questions & Answers About the Technique of Vipassana Meditation Courses Search Glossary Locations Worldwide Directory Maps Contacts For Old Students Old Student Guide Dhamma Service Donations Group Sittings Resources Course References On the subject of Newsletters Reading Special Sites For Old Students Vipassana for Executives Vipassana for Prisons Children's Courses Vipassana Research Institute Global Vipassana Pagoda Mini Anapana Meditation More Language Sites U.S. English العربية беларуская български Català čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English U.S. English Español فارسی Suomi Français Français canadien ગુજરાતી עברית हिन्दी Magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Svizzero Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ ಕನ್ನಡ 한국어 Lietuvių Latviešu македонски मराठी नेपाली Nederlands ଓଡ଼ିଆ Polski Português Português do Brasil Română русский සිංහල Slovenščina Српски Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย Türkçe українська Tiếng Việt 简体中文 繁体中文 Translations are in progress. Some pages may have a mix of your selected language and English. Vipassana as Taught by S.N. Goenka Meditation in the Tradition of Sayagyi U Ba Khin Vipassana Meditation as Taught by S.N. Goenka in the Tradition of Sayagyi U Ba Khin About What is Vipassana? Mr. S.N. Goenka The Art of Living: Vipassana Meditation The Code of Discipline Questions & Answers About the Technique of Vipassana Meditation Courses Search Glossary Locations Worldwide Directory Maps Contacts Special Sites For Old Students Vipassana for Executives Vipassana for Prisons Children's Courses Vipassana Research Institute Global Vipassana Pagoda Mini Anapana Meditation More Language Sites Select Language العربية беларуская български Català čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English U.S. English Español فارسی Suomi Français Français canadien ગુજરાતી עברית हिन्दी Magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Svizzero Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ ಕನ್ನಡ 한국어 Lietuvių Latviešu македонски मराठी नेपाली Nederlands ଓଡ଼ିଆ Polski Português Português do Brasil Română русский සිංහල Slovenščina Српски Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย Türkçe українська Tiếng Việt 简体中文 繁体中文 Translations are in progress. Some pages may have a mix of your selected language and English. Alert text goes here Welcome Vipassana , which means to see things as they really are, is one of India's most ancient techniques of meditation. It was taught in India more than 2500 years ago as a universal remedy for universal ills, i.e., an Art of Living . For those who are not familiar with Vipassana Meditation, an Introduction to Vipassana by Mr. Goenka & related videos and Questions & Answers about Vipassana are available. Courses The technique of Vipassana Meditation is taught at ten-day residential courses during which participants learn the basics of the method, and practice sufficiently to experience its beneficial results. There are no charges for the courses - not even to cover the cost of food and accommodation. All expenses are met by donations from people who, having completed a course and experienced the benefits of Vipassana, wish to give others the opportunity to also benefit. Locations Courses are given in numerous Meditation Centers and at Non-Center course locations at rented sites. Each location has its own schedule of courses. In most cases, an application for admission to these courses can be completed online at this website. There are many Vipassana Centers throughout the world in India and elsewhere in Asia/Pacific , in North America , in Latin America , in Europe , in Australia/New Zealand , in the Middle East and in Africa . Ten day non-center courses are frequently held at many locations outside of Centers as they are arranged by local students of Vipassana in those areas. An alphabetical list of worldwide course locations is available as well as a graphical interface of course locations worldwide and in India and Nepal . Special Courses and Resources Vipassana Meditation courses are also being taught in prisons . A special 10-day Vipassana course especially for business executives and government officials is being held periodically at several centers around the world. For additional information visit the Executive Course Website . Information on Vipassana Meditation is also available in the other languages. Click on the globe on the top right of the page to select a language. Dhamma.org Privacy Policy | Contact Us Dhamma.org Mobile App | Anapana for Young People App