We use cookies to improve Dialogue’s site. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, check out our Cookie Policy.

Customize
Agree and close
Integrated Health Platform
Why Dialogue
Resources
Get Pricing
Login
Book a demo
EN (CA)
HEALTH IS EVERYTHING. DON’T SETTLE.
Discover the EAP your employees wish they had

Dialogue’s Employee Assistance Program is built to deliver real outcomes, especially when paired with Mental Health+ and Primary Care: personalized care plans, seamless in-person and virtual access, and consistent, compassionate hospital-grade support that follows through. See for yourself.

Discover our EAP
Watch the video
Contributing to the well-being of 50,000+ organizations.
Read our case studies
Tear down the walls between benefits.
Improve team well-being with Dialogue.

Overspending on benefits programs with a web of providers? Struggling to boost team productivity and measure ROI? You’ve come to the right place. Our Integrated Health Platform™ is a one-stop care hub that centralizes our programs in a single application, providing access to services 24/7/365.

 

 

Evidence-based care quality

Rest assured knowing your team has access to the best care, avoiding unnecessary and ineffective treatments that delay recovery and drive up benefit costs.

Accredited and vetted care training, safety, and processes
Regular clinical audits
Improved health outcomes
Personalized experience

Our in-house primary care, mental health, and EAP practitioners work together to deliver a seamless experience, tailored to each member’s unique needs.

Speed up return to function
Guide the member throughout their care journey
Promote proactive, ongoing well-being
Unified insights

Leverage timely insights to know how programs work together to optimize member well-being.

Measure impact of health and wellness initiatives
Demonstrate results with customizable dashboards
Tailor programs to drive impact
Learn more
Our Integrated Health Platform™

Multiple health and wellness programs to support your organization.
They work great on their own, but are even stronger together.

Employee Assistance Program

Mental Health+

Primary
Care

Wellness

Employee
Assistance Program

Outdated, fragmented, slow. This should not describe your EAP. Reimagined to answer the needs of today’s organizations, our EAP gives you peace of mind knowing that your employees have easy access to the right support, at a time that works for them.

Learn more
Discover our platform
High-touch care experience.
High impact.
Employers who trust Dialogue are 89% less worried about productivity and 42% less worried about talent retention.
30% of employees who have Dialogue report better work-life balance (vs 18% of the employees who do not).
35% of employees who have Dialogue perceive their work environment to be better (vs 18% of the employees who do not).
    
Over 40,000 five-star member reviews
"Each practitioner that I've spoken with has been helpful

professional and knowledgeable. In these busy times, (especially with covid), and being that there is a shortage of Doctors, ( here in BC at least), it's a wonderful app to have for renewing prescriptions, and answering any questions and concerns I've had about my health. I'm so very grateful that you are here!”

Laura Jensen
"Anyone who I have spoken to on this app has been phenomenal.

They are kind and caring and take the time to listen and explain what is necessary. I was able to get what I needed within 5 minutes. It was a breath of fresh air compared to dealing with my normal GP. I'm so happy I have gotten the opportunity to try out this app. So far I'm very happy.”

Caitlin L.
"Cannot say enough good things about this company.

Outstanding service, great orientation towards customer satisfaction. They go out of their way to help you with your medical needs; whether it be prescriptions or referrals. They genuinely care about their customers and even reach out to you later to follow up and make sure your needs are met. During these unprecedented times, it is hard to get through to medical professionals, nevertheless to medical professionals who genuinely care about your health and who do not treat you as a simple number. Thank you so much, Dialogue!”

Alex A.
"Thank you!

I cannot thank you enough for this wonderful app that connects health care professionals to talk to about specific health concerns and to provide medical advice and recommendations. These days, it is really hard to get an in-person appointment to see a specialist but with Dialogue I can talk to someone who is qualified very quickly.”

Lisa S.
"Fantastic Service!!!

My doctor retired and I needed a prescription for a rash that she prescribed me a few years ago! I didn’t want to wait weeks for an appointment with another doctor and covid doesn't make it any easy so I decided to try this service. My experience was simply amazing and if I could rate them 10 stars, I would!!! Fast, Accommodating, polite and very knowledgeable. Super happy and I will definitely recommend virtual care to my colleagues and friends:)”

Anne C.
"So impressed!

I am still in awe of how efficient Dialogue is! I logged in to discuss a health concern I had and 20 mins later, I was speaking to a doctor. 15 mins after that, my problem was resolved, my questions were answered and I had a treatment plan. As a new mom and someone who worries, this put my mind at ease and helped me feel supported. It’s an invaluable resource!!”

Vero Polisi
"Lovely Dialogue

Absolutely beautiful app and a great rebranding initiative. The quality of service is excellent and working with the Dialogue team is probably the best experience I’ve had in my career.
Y’all ROCK!”

Virginia Louise
"Amazing!

Better than going to a doctor. I had a fantastic and competent experience from the comfort of my home. It was super quick, the doctor was very nice and competent, and the team was super responsive and followed up with me all the time. Totally recommend it! I already recommended it to someone who loves it too.”

Vaalnrr
"Each practitioner that I've spoken with has been helpful

professional and knowledgeable. In these busy times, (especially with covid), and being that there is a shortage of Doctors, ( here in BC at least), it's a wonderful app to have for renewing prescriptions, and answering any questions and concerns I've had about my health. I'm so very grateful that you are here!”

Laura Jensen
"Anyone who I have spoken to on this app has been phenomenal.

They are kind and caring and take the time to listen and explain what is necessary. I was able to get what I needed within 5 minutes. It was a breath of fresh air compared to dealing with my normal GP. I'm so happy I have gotten the opportunity to try out this app. So far I'm very happy.”

Caitlin L.
"Cannot say enough good things about this company.

Outstanding service, great orientation towards customer satisfaction. They go out of their way to help you with your medical needs; whether it be prescriptions or referrals. They genuinely care about their customers and even reach out to you later to follow up and make sure your needs are met. During these unprecedented times, it is hard to get through to medical professionals, nevertheless to medical professionals who genuinely care about your health and who do not treat you as a simple number. Thank you so much, Dialogue!”

Alex A.
"Thank you!

I cannot thank you enough for this wonderful app that connects health care professionals to talk to about specific health concerns and to provide medical advice and recommendations. These days, it is really hard to get an in-person appointment to see a specialist but with Dialogue I can talk to someone who is qualified very quickly.”

Lisa S.
Want better health outcomes? The 2025 State of workplace well-being shows you where to start.
Discover our 2025 report
Partners
Partner with us
 Company
About Us
Careers
Press
Culture, care and community
Brand guidelines
 Platform
Integrated Health Platform
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental Health+
Primary Care
Wellness
EAP cost savings calculator
 Contact
Blog
Dialogue for iOS
Dialogue for Android
Help Centre
Status
Contact Us
Dialogue © 2025 Privacy Policy Terms of Use AODA Cookie Policy Rights and Responsibilities
Follow us
  