Virtual care and well-being programs for organizations | Dialogue Integrated Health Platform Overview Integrated Health Platform Improve the overall health and wellness of your organization with a single, modern platform. How we're different We drive real member outcomes through virtual care and Humanized Healthcare. Our clients Improve productivity, reduce absenteeism, and build a culture of happiness and well-being. Programs Employee Assistance Program Essential wellness services to stay happy and healthy, in one digital-first platform. Mental Health+ Flexible, integrated, and personalized mental health care, backed by science. Primary Care A complete member journey accessible from our industry-leading virtual care platform. Wellness Empower all of your members to proactively adopt healthy habits. Features Women's and Family Health Coming in 2026: Be among the first to explore Dialogue’s newest care offering. EAP cost savings calculator Measure what matters with Dialogue's EAP Cost Saving Calculator Health and Well-Being Report Discover the key lifestyle factors affecting your members’ health and learn how to strengthen your organization’s well-being. How to use Dialogue Contact us Talk to sales Why Dialogue Dialogue Experience For organizational leaders Discover how we can help drive positive outcomes for your organization. For partners Elevating Canadians’ healthcare expectations, together. For members Members can expect a better experience compared to traditional employee benefits and care. Healthiest Workplace Awards Recognizing Canada’s top organizations leading the way in employee health and well-being. Why Dialogue Discover your savings High-quality, virtual benefits for your employees aren’t an expense - but an investment Why virtual care? Explore the positive impact of Dialogue's virtual care. Ultimate Guide to EAP Learn how Dialogue is reinventing the EAP experience. About us Dialogue is the leading health and wellness provider in Canada. Work with us Careers Ready to join a team that helps millions improve their well-being? Culture, care and community Serving our community with a beautifully diverse team. How to use Dialogue Contact us Talk to sales Resources Learn Resources centre Discover the latest news, content and reports for HR leaders. Blog Learn more about health, organizational well-being, and life at Dialogue! Case studies Learn how we improve the health and wellness of our clients. Newsletter Stay a step ahead on employee benefits, wellness, and productivity news and resources. Support How to use Dialogue Learn how you can access your account, speak with a care provider, and more. Help centre Need help? Find answers and advice from the Dialogue support team. Contact sales Get help from our sales teams. Overview The cost of neglecting women’s health We’re spotlighting women’s health stories and unveiling something big. Watch the recording 2025 State of workplace well-being Data-driven insights on employee well-being, and how you can make informed decisions for your organization’s EAP. Download the report How to use Dialogue Contact us Talk to sales Get Pricing Help Centre Need help? Find advice and answers from the Dialogue team. How to use Dialogue Contact us Talk to sales Login Member login Admin login en (CA) Choose a language and region Dialogue services are tailored to each region. Canada (EN) Canada (FR) Global (EN) Health is everything. Don’t settle. Discover the EAP your employees wish they had Dialogue’s Employee Assistance Program is built to deliver real outcomes, especially when paired with Mental Health+ and Primary Care: personalized care plans, seamless in-person and virtual access, and consistent, compassionate hospital-grade support that follows through. See for yourself. Watch the video X Employee Assistance Program Primary Care Mental Health+ Wellness iCBT Health is everything. Don’t settle. Improve your team and organizational well-being Get tailored, measurable, quality employee benefits. Empower your members with the care and support they deserve with our industry-leading Integrated Health Platform™. Explore how our Primary Care, Mental Health+, EAP, and Wellness programs can benefit your organization. Plus, new data reveals how employees are really doing—and how your benefits can make a bigger impact. Contributing to the well-being of 50,000+ organizations. Tear down the walls between benefits. Improve team well-being with Dialogue. Overspending on benefits programs with a web of providers? Struggling to boost team productivity and measure ROI? You’ve come to the right place. Our Integrated Health Platform™ is a one-stop care hub that centralizes our programs in a single application, providing access to services 24/7/365. Evidence-based care quality Rest assured knowing your team has access to the best care, avoiding unnecessary and ineffective treatments that delay recovery and drive up benefit costs. Accredited and vetted care training, safety, and processes Regular clinical audits Improved health outcomes Personalized experience Our in-house primary care, mental health, and EAP practitioners work together to deliver a seamless experience, tailored to each member’s unique needs. Speed up return to function Guide the member throughout their care journey Promote proactive, ongoing well-being Unified insights Leverage timely insights to know how programs work together to optimize member well-being. Measure impact of health and wellness initiatives Demonstrate results with customizable dashboards Tailor programs to drive impact Our Integrated Health Platform™ Multiple health and wellness programs to support your organization. They work great on their own, but are even stronger together . Employee Assistance Program Mental Health+ Primary Care Wellness Employee Assistance Program Outdated, fragmented, slow. This should not describe your EAP. Reimagined to answer the needs of today’s organizations, our EAP gives you peace of mind knowing that your employees have easy access to the right support, at a time that works for them. Start a consultation Monitor your stress Self-Care Toolkits Mental Health+ Now, more than ever, mental health is one of the biggest drivers of disability. Whether it’s on their own or guided by a practitioner, our mental health services give your employees the tools they need to succeed. Please select what your reason for consult is today. Skin issues Urology, gynecology Sexual health Heart or lung issues Eye problems Primary Care Most of the issues seen in traditional workplaces and clinics can be solved virtually. Our multidisciplinary team delivers seamless continuity and consistent quality of care to make your team feel better, fast. Wellness Built to engage your employees to live healthier lives on a daily basis, our Wellness program combines organizational challenges, healthy habits, personalized content, and much more to get things moving. High-touch care experience. High impact. Employers who trust Dialogue are 89% less worried about productivity and 42% less worried about talent retention. 30% of employees who have Dialogue report better work-life balance (vs 18% of the employees who do not). 35% of employees who have Dialogue perceive their work environment to be better (vs 18% of the employees who do not). Over 40,000 five-star member reviews "Cannot say enough good things about this company. Outstanding service, great orientation towards customer satisfaction. They go out of their way to help you with your medical needs; whether it be prescriptions or referrals. They genuinely care about their customers and even reach out to you later to follow up and make sure your needs are met. During these unprecedented times, it is hard to get through to medical professionals, nevertheless to medical professionals who genuinely care about your health and who do not treat you as a simple number. Thank you so much, Dialogue! ” Alex A. "Thank you! I cannot thank you enough for this wonderful app that connects health care professionals to talk to about specific health concerns and to provide medical advice and recommendations. These days, it is really hard to get an in-person appointment to see a specialist but with Dialogue I can talk to someone who is qualified very quickly.” Lisa S. "Fantastic Service!!! My doctor retired and I needed a prescription for a rash that she prescribed me a few years ago! I didn’t want to wait weeks for an appointment with another doctor and covid doesn't make it any easy so I decided to try this service. My experience was simply amazing and if I could rate them 10 stars, I would!!! Fast, Accommodating, polite and very knowledgeable. Super happy and I will definitely recommend virtual care to my colleagues and friends:) ” Anne C. "So impressed! I am still in awe of how efficient Dialogue is! I logged in to discuss a health concern I had and 20 mins later, I was speaking to a doctor. 15 mins after that, my problem was resolved, my questions were answered and I had a treatment plan. As a new mom and someone who worries, this put my mind at ease and helped me feel supported. It’s an invaluable resource!! ” Vero Polisi "Lovely Dialogue Absolutely beautiful app and a great rebranding initiative. The quality of service is excellent and working with the Dialogue team is probably the best experience I’ve had in my career. Y’all ROCK! ” Virginia Louise "Amazing! Better than going to a doctor. I had a fantastic and competent experience from the comfort of my home. It was super quick, the doctor was very nice and competent, and the team was super responsive and followed up with me all the time. Totally recommend it! I already recommended it to someone who loves it too. ” Vaalnrr "Each practitioner that I've spoken with has been helpful professional and knowledgeable. In these busy times, (especially with covid), and being that there is a shortage of Doctors, ( here in BC at least), it's a wonderful app to have for renewing prescriptions, and answering any questions and concerns I've had about my health. I'm so very grateful that you are here! ” Laura Jensen "Anyone who I have spoken to on this app has been phenomenal. They are kind and caring and take the time to listen and explain what is necessary. I was able to get what I needed within 5 minutes. It was a breath of fresh air compared to dealing with my normal GP. I'm so happy I have gotten the opportunity to try out this app. So far I'm very happy. ” Caitlin L. Want better health outcomes? The 2025 State of workplace well-being shows you where to start. Partners Partner with us Company About Us Careers Press Culture, care and community Brand guidelines Platform Integrated Health Platform Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Mental Health+ Primary Care Wellness EAP cost savings calculator Contact Blog Dialogue for iOS Dialogue for Android Help Centre Status Contact Us Dialogue © 2025 Privacy Policy Terms of Use AODA Cookie Policy Rights and Responsibilities Follow us Schedule a live demo Please fill out this form and we will be in touch shortly to schedule a demo and show you what Dialogue can do for your business. If you’re an existing customer or member and you would like help, please contact support@dialogue.co.