DIAVOSTAR Skip to content Homepage Project About Us Working Environment News Join Us VI EN VI EN Who Are We? After 10 years of development, Android proudly becomes one of the leading technology companies in Vietnam market. With main products including Mobile App & Android Games and 200 million downloads, the Amobear ecosystem in general and Android Vietnam in particular always strives to build complete and perfect products, bringing interesting experiences for users. for users. Detail Amobear Ecosystem Our Business Diavostar, as a Digital Creative Studio, always maintains a spirit of product ownership and creative thinking in each project in order to provide the greatest user experiences. With two product lines namely “Game Metaverse” and “Mobile Application”, our business has been gradually implementing the latest technologies to serve hundreds of millions of users worldwide, and step by step creating great value for society. Google Play Diavostar PTE. LTD We always strive to find the best technology solutions for Android App products. Our Project Diavostar develops mobile apps for both the Android and iOS platforms. Our projects cover a wide range of features and subjects, including photo editing, video editing, weather, and so on. We have a studio that is responsible for the launching of Metaverse trendy 2D and 3D mobile games in addition to the mobile app. Join with us DIAVOSTAR TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION Career opportunity Join us and create great things. Diavostar is always looking for people who are passionate about challenges to create unique values. Become a part of Diavostar now! Join with Diavostar team Working environment Respect the differences in a creative environment Ownership Personal growth Exciting cultural and sports exchange activities Special care for women Full and attractive general remuneration More information Culture – Event Work hard, play hard The core of a strong team is cohesion, so that each person feels he is an integral part and plays an important role in the collective success. Therefore, the team building activities held annually at Amobear have become an extremely important activity and cultural feature, attracting the attention of all members. During this trip, […] View detail March of love Our lives are the same as anyone else’s, there will be many women’s silhouettes. Some of them are blood relatives who will always love and watch over us; some people are friends, always support us; and there are also people, who are strangers, but also leave a lot of memorable memories imprinted in each of […] View detail Spring trip at the beginning of the year Tet comes, spring is an opportunity for everyone to reunite, gather together, rest to start a new working year, also an ideal time to travel to spring. For a long time, in addition to the rituals to see off the old year and celebrate the new year, it can be said that spring travel is […] View detail New year’s day at Amobear No longer the familiar firecrackers filled with the sky, Tet has gradually become more modern when everyone is immersed in the joyful atmosphere and nervously welcomes New Year’s Eve through brilliant fireworks displays. And whether it’s past or present, Tet always comes and leaves a spark in each piece of Amobear’s puzzle… Reopening childhood memories, […] View detail The journey of 4 days and 3 nights is full of happy experiences of the Amobear family At the end of July and beginning of August 2019, the historical rains continuously for 1 week caused the pearl island of Phu Quoc to sink into the sea of ​​water right at the time of the Amobear family’s trip. Passing more than 2000 km from Hanoi to stay in the room all day made […] View detail 9 years – Let AMOBEAR go faster and further After nine years, the people of 2013 like Mr. Cuong, Mr. Lam, Mr. Tung, and Tien Hiep did not think that the company would change so much. The 9th anniversary of the establishment brings with it emotional joy. That is also the time when people who have been with the company for a long time […] View detail View more news Diavostar Pte.ltd. 470 North Bridge Road, #05-12Bugis Cube Singapore 188735. Who we are? Who we are? Core values Meaning of the name News Culture – Events Recruit Welfare policy What do we do? Mobile application Contact +65 8455 1999 admin@diavostar.com Scroll Up