Skip to Content
WE ARE DICE
CAREERS
OUR GAMES
PLAYTESTING
Job Openings
Let’s Push
Things Forward
At DICE, we all share the passion to create exceptional games for our players - and have done so for over 30 years! 

Our goal is to always push the boundaries of what our games can do - creating award-winning game experiences enjoyed by millions of players across the globe, every day. Our mission remains to place our players at the center of all we do - while fostering an inclusive, diverse, and collaborative culture within our studio.

Now we’re part of a global Battlefield Studios group, building the next generation Battlefield.

We invite you to join us on this journey! Find your dream job at DICE!

We love to push the boundaries of creativity, passion, and the constant ambition to create something extraordinary.

It's not only about the games we make - but also how we make them. We are in an entertainment industry, and this needs to be echoed in the way we work as well.

This is how we create our games
Collaboration and Inclusivity at the heart of what we do.

We believe that in order for us to build the best games for our players - we need to represent those players. 

At DICE we continuously work on how we represent a broader spectrum of backgrounds and experiences - across our studio and teams, as well as in our games.

Find out more about how we build inclusive teams
Our Passion for Games

Our devotion to collaboration and constantly challenging ourselves has spawned award-winning series like Battlefield™, Star Wars™ Battlefront™, and Mirror’s Edge™.

Explore Our Games
We’re Hiring!

It doesn’t matter if you’re a junior artist, project manager, mod maker, or a senior developer with fifteen years of experience; we are always on the lookout for creative and passionate game creators to join our team!

Find your job here!

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT       PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY (YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS)       LEGAL NOTICIES       USER AGREEMENT       DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION

C 2023 Electronic Arts Inc. Trademarks belong to their respective owners. All right reserved.

We Are DICE     Careers     Our Games     Playtesting 

Contact