Dickinson College Homepage Skip To Content Skip To Menu Skip To Footer Search Dickinson College Request Info Visit Apply Alumni Give Search About Academics Life at Dickinson Admissions Tuition & Aid Athletics Request Info Visit Apply Alumni Give Calendars News & Events Contact Audiences Current Students Current Parents Prospective Students Parents of Prospective Students Faculty and Staff Alumni An Education Built for What Comes NEXT. Dickinson College Dickinson is where you’ll find your place, your people and the resources to secure your career. Where you’ll launch into your future from a strong liberal-arts foundation, prepared to achieve, excel, lead and thrive in an ever-changing world. VISIT CONNECT APPLY MAJORS Challenging academics that sharpen your mind, your sense of purpose and your career path "Dickinson really encourages students to develop relationships with professors. Our professors make time for students." NORA STOCOVAZ Students in every major will be equipped for business and finance careers through industry experiences and mentorships. INDUSTRY CONNECTIONS You’ll put into practice what you’re learning through internships, fieldwork, research and networking. CAREER DEVELOPMENT Our alumni are dedicated to your success and will help you find your first job—and with any career changes along the way. ALUMNI NETWORK You won’t just be taught—you’ll be known, mentored and challenged. Here, mentorship is real, support is everywhere, and everyone has a place. WHY DICKINSON? We’re all about a 360-degree student experience, which includes having fun, making friends and staying active. LIFE AT DICKINSON “Community” is not just a buzzword—it’s something you feel from the moment you step on campus. COMMUNITY VIDEO Live where history, nature and culture are all part of the college experience. It doesn’t take many steps beyond campus to officially arrive in downtown Carlisle. With over 40,000 people calling the Carlisle area home, Dickinsonians frequent the eclectic dining and shopping options; intern, work and volunteer with local businesses; explore nature on the Appalachian Trail; and head to nearby Harrisburg, New York, D.C., Philly or Baltimore for concerts, trips and exploration. Carlisle was recognized on the Best College Towns in America list and is a Forbes “most livable city.” ULTIMATE COLLEGE TOWN VISIT DICKINSON VIRTUAL TOUR Featured News More News p Dickinson College Announces Tuition-Free Education for Families Earning Up to $125,000 The move significantly broadens the reach of the Dickinson Promise initiative, which was launched in May at the conclusion of the successful $75 million Campaign for Scholarships. READ MORE p New Fund Helps Students Achieve Career Success Today’s job market is competitive and unpredictable. Dickinson’s new Professional Development Fund helps students access professional opportunities that can give them an edge. READ MORE p College Closed Dickinson is closed beginning Monday, Dec. 22, and will reopen Monday, Jan. 5. Explore campus anytime through our virtual visit options! READ MORE p 95% of Dickinsonians are employed, interning or in grad school within one year One of the first carbon neutral colleges in the country TOP ON PRINCETON REVIEW’S LIST of best schools for MAKING AN IMPACT 60% of students study abroad in more than 35 countries Dickinson’s Commitment to Inclusivity Dickinson College is an intellectual and social community that values justice, free inquiry, diversity and equal opportunity. It is a fundamental policy of the college to respect pluralism, civility and mutual understanding within its community. The college does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, age, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation or any other protected class. Dickinson College P.O. Box 1773, Carlisle, PA 17013 | (800) 644-1773 Facebook Instagram YouTube TikTok Snapchat Directions Employment Campus Store Privacy Statement Non-Discrimination Policy Log in to Dickinson Gateway Log in to Microsoft 365