HOME - Canna Guitars Home Guitars Model M Flamed Maple Birdseye Maple Canna Sunburst Black Oak Mint-Maple Roasted Maple Beige Plum Black Hempwood MD Cosmic Red Sono-red Red Oak Beige Plum Evo Evo Maple Classic Crossover Classic Beige Classic Sunburst Classic Red Classic Green Jazz CannaJazz Beige CannaJazz Sono Canna Jazz Classic Canna Jazz Classic Custom Builds NADiA Canna Wood Fanf-red Classic Wood Ergo CannaCaster CannaBass Canna Bass Evo CannaBass Red CannaBass Beige Canna’lele Sopran – Mint Maple Concert – Beige Walnut Concert – Beige Mulberry Tenor – Red Plum Tenor – Beige Plum Tenor – Red-Oak Bariton – Checkers Concert – Cedar Hempstone Pricing Contact Select Page play different 3 Hi, I am Jakob, the creator of the Canna Guitar. My goal is to create a truely unique and innovative guitar that is made to inspire you, so you can do the same for your audience. Made to inspire The ‘Canna Guitar’ is my approach to creating beautiful and avant-garde guitars that are a joy to look at and a joy to play. The Canna guitar will make you stand out so you can captivate and entertain your audience like never before. The biggest reward for me is to see great artists using my work to make true art. get yours now With a body made of Hemp… Hempstone: A fascinating material that consists purely out of natural hemp fibers and water . The Hempstone body offers a compact and comfortable playing experience while creating a rich and masterful sound. learn more … or Wood The ‘Canna Guitar’ provides a much tighter fit to the body than traditionally built guitars. Even though I based my design on using Hempstone for the bodies of my guitars, I figured out a way to provide similar ergonomic benefits using regular wood for the back and sides of my guitars. The ‘Canna EVO’ model resembles the evolution of my guitars combining the ergonomics of a round back design with the tonal qualities and beautiful appearance of solid timber. Both Hempstone and wood offer their own benefits. If you want to know more about which model suits your play style best, don’t hesitate to contact me ! get in touch! Designing a better sound In order to create the best sound possible, the Canna guitar was redesigned with a first principal mindset, not only to do justice to the unique body material, but also to get the maximum sound and volume out of the guitar. Hempstone proves to be a genuine alternative to traditionally used tropical woods, not only in terms of sound, but it also allows me to design a more ergonomic roundback body. The round Hempstone body reflects the sound waves created by the top more efficiently creating a louder guitar with better projection than traditional designs. Guitars 3 Model M The Model M is my medium sized body. It is suited for a wide range of applications. It comes with a cutaway soundhole and a side soundport. It’s a very compact feeling guitar with lots of power, but slightly less bass than the MD. Beige Plum Mint-Maple Roasted Maple Black Hempwood The Sonowood Series These guitars are based on the Model M and feature a unique and patented ‘sonoveneer‘ top. Giving you those stunning designs with a warm and beautiful balanced sound while being exceptionally durable and scratch-resistant. Birdseye Sunburst Flamed Maple Black Oak MD 3 Modified Dreadnought Thee Canna MD not only has a bigger body than the Model M and therefore stronger bass response. I redesigned the body shape to make the guitar better balanced and less round at the contact point to the player’s leg, which provides more grip and a more familiar playing experience while maintaining the slim feel of a roundback Canna guitar. All in all it sits better, feels more like what people are used to and has a bigger sound with more low-end. Red Oak Beige Sono-red Cosmic Red EVO 3 EVO This Guitar is the EVO lution of my regular Hempstone roundback guitars using solid wood . The shape of the body provides a much tighter fit to the body than traditionally built guitars, while maintaining a big body volume. The side sound port is directed at the player and provides a huge bass response. I also tilted the sides of this guitar inwards, making the footprint of the back smaller than the top. This is not only giving the instrument a better structural integrity , but also a slimmer and more dynamic look Canna Evo CannaBass Evo Classic 3 Canna Classic Crossover My interpretation of a classical Canna guitar. It’s built on the Model M body and has great accessability of the high frets. Due to the solid frame construction it has exceptionally long sustain and a great attack . I also have designed a ‘guitar lift’ made out of brass and leather to facilitate the classic 45° playing style. Classic Red Classic Beige Classic Green Red Sunbrust JAZZ 3 Canna Jazz Archtop guitar This Archtop guitar has a top that isn’t carved, it’s laminated in my usual doubletop fashion utilizing a Nomex honeycomb layer in between two ~1mm spruce plates. This way the top becomes super light at about 100g. Furthermore the fibers are following the curve and aren’t ‘cut’ which should give it (in theory) an even better stiffness to weight ratio. The tailpiece design is inspired by Ken Parker and my Logo. The bridge is also hollowed out in the middle, again, inspired by Ken Parker. The Harry Häussel ‘FlatJazz’ Humbucker is mounted on two rails which allow it to be slided in and out all the way to the bridge. CannaJazz Classic Jazz bass 3 Canna Bass The CannaBass brings the look, feel and sound of the CannaGuitar to the bassworld. For those who want to explore the possibilities of an acoustic bass while having the feeling and playability of an electric . Red Maple Beige Walnut Canna’lele 3 Canna’lele The Canna’lele design is based on the principles I use to build my regular guitars. The concave body also allows for a very compfortable playing experience . Availiable in all sizes from sopran to bariton. Sopran Mint Maple Concert Beige Oak Beige Walnut Mulberry Tenor Sono - Red Beige Plum Red Oak Bariton Beige Custom Builds Want a guitar with humbuckers, fan frets, and gold frets? No problem! I always enjoy breaking new ground and working with you to create a unique, one-of-a-kind instrument. Fanf-red NADiA Canna ergo Classic Wood Canna all-Wood CannaCaster Pricing The base price for my guitars is € 4500 click here for more detailed information Follow me on social media → Who are the people involved ? The Canna Guitar is created in cooperation with Norbert Schmid from drumparam Jakob Frank, Canna Guitars designer and creator of the Canna Guitar Norbert Schmid , Drumparam.at Hempstone Expert and creator of the Canna Guitar bodies Jakob Frank, Canna Guitars Designer (BA) , Luthier Norbert Schmid , Drumparam.at Hempstone Experte and creator of the Hemstone Bodies Contact name your e-mail Your message /// Prices are found on the pricing page or on the individual pages for each guitar, please ask only if you have a specific question, thanks. 15 + 12 = Submit ring here Impressum Facebook Instagram Canna Guitars I Designed by Jakob Frank I in cooperation with www.drumparam.at Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent