The Diggers Club - Australia's No.1 Gardening Club Your Cart: item items Congratulations! You get 4 packets of free seed. / in cart { property.key }: 
                        
                          { property.value } 1 Non Member PRICE Member Member Free Seed Promotion Don't Forget The Essentials Your Cart is Empty Continue Shopping Non Member Member Estimated GST: Estimated Total: View Cart Continue Shopping The Diggers Club Summer The Garden of St Erth feature plants Heronswood feature plants In the shadows The berry patch Subtropical sensations Culinary classics Helpful healers Incredible edibles Oranges and lemons Citrus favourites Seeds with a story Memberships Become a member Renew membership Gift membership Shop Shop Our Gardens Heronswood Border Collection Heronswood Dry Garden Heronswood Evergreen Cottage Garden St Erth Border Collection Cloudehill Border Collection All seeds Seeds to sow now Vegetable Seeds Farmers Market (Bulk Seeds) Flower Seeds Tree Seeds Organic Seeds All plants Edibles Ornamentals Trees Perennials Ground Covers All bulbs Bulbs to plant now Edible bulbs Flowering bulbs All Trees All Garden Supplies Shop all Heirlooms All Heirloom Seeds American Heirlooms Asian Heirlooms Australian Heirlooms Diggers Heirloom Food Legends Eastern European Heirlooms English Heirlooms French Heirlooms Heirloom Tomatoes Italian Heirlooms Vegetables All Vegetables Artichoke Asparagus Bean Broad Bean Beetroot Broccoli Brussels Sprouts Cabbage Capsicum Carrot Cauliflower Celery Chilli Corn Cucumber Eggplant Garlic Kale Leek Lettuce & Salad Greens Melons Mushroom Onion Parsnip Potato Pumpkin Pea Radish Rhubarb Rockmelon Silverbeet Spinach Spring Onion Squash Sweet Potato Tomato Turnip & Swede Vegie Collections Watermelon Zucchini Fruit & Nuts All Fruit & Nuts Berries All Berries Blackberry Blueberry Caneberry Currants Raspberry Strawberry Citrus Trees All Citrus Trees Lemon Lime Orange Mandarin Grapefruit Fruit Trees All Fruit Trees Apple Apricot Avocado Banana Cherry Fig Nectarine Olive Papaya Peach Pear Plum Pomegranate Nuts Herbs, Spices & Sprouts All Herbs, Spices and Sprouts Bay Basil Chilli Chives Coriander Dill Fennel Ginger Herbal Tea Lemongrass Marjoram Mint Oregano Parsley Rosemary Saffron Sage Spices Sprouts & Microgreens Thyme Turmeric Flowers All Flowers Achillea Agastache Amaranth Anemone Calendula Californian Poppy Cornflower Cosmos Daffodil & Jonquil Dahlia Flowering Perennials Helichrysum Hellebore Lavender Lilium Marigold Nasturtium Penstemon Poppy Ranunculus Rose Rudbeckia Salvia Sunflower Sweet Pea Tulip Wildflower Zinnia Seed Collections Spring Bulbs Plants All plants Australian Native Climbers & Vines Companion Plants Companions for Berries Companions for Citrus Companions for Roses Flowering Perennials Grasses Ground Covers Hedges Shrubs Succulents Shade Plants Garden supplies All garden supplies Fertilisers & Soil Health All fertilisers & soil health Fertilisers Soil Health Garden accessories All garden accessories Gloves & knee pads Labels Twine & ties Garden gallery Storage & home essentials Gardening tools All Garden tools Harvesting Planting Snips & Secateurs Trowels & Spades Watering Kids Organic Pest Control All pest control Nets Treatments Weed control Traps and lures Seed Propagation All seed propagation Pots & Punnets Propagation kits Soil Propagation Essentials Trees All trees Australian Native Trees Trees for Autumn colour Evergreen Trees Oak trees Shade canopy trees Small gardens Trees from seed Publications All publications Seasonal Magazines Diggers books & guides Other gardening and cooking books Visit Heronswood About Heronswood Garden Garden shop Visit Heronswood The Garden of St Erth Visit The Garden of St Erth Garden Garden shop St Erth Cafe Garden Beds Glamping About The Garden of St Erth Cloudehill About Cloudehill Garden Garden shop Chojo Feature Trees Visit Cloudehill Adelaide Diggers Shop Glamp with Diggers Learn Seeds to sow now Flower seeds Cool Region Warm Region Hot Region Subtropical Region Tropical Region Vegie seeds Cool Region Warm Region Hot Region Subtropical Region Tropical Region Find your region Summer Magazine Online Learning Member Webinars Members Library Monthly Gardening Guides Diggers Growing Information Growing Symbols Climate Maps for Plants Pot Sizes for Plants What's on Events Workshops and Masterclasses Foundation Donate Gifts in Will Programs Preserve an heirloom Lend a helping hand Support a seed Seed the future News About us Summer Memberships Shop Visit Learn What's on Foundation Join Login Reset Password Email address Cancel Customer Login Email address* Password* Forgot your password? Reset it here Create an account Join the Diggers Club Up to 40% off all products, exclusive content, expert advice, community groups, & more! Join Now Login Summer Memberships Shop Visit Learn What's on Foundation Account Wishlist Basket ( 0 ) Your membership and purchase helps The Diggers Foundation rescue heirloom seeds and plants, and preserve our historic gardens. Where the good stuff grows, one garden at a time Join a tour Visit our historic gardens today Find inspiration at our gardens and explore our living plant collections. Explore A garden full of roses awaits Our most anticipated collection of the season has arrived... Shop now Your membership and purchase helps us rescue heirloom seeds and plants, and preserve our historic gardens. Learn how A season of discovery at Diggers Summer is the perfect time to discover all that The Diggers Club has to offer. Wander through our iconic gardens in full bloom, join hands-on masterclasses led by our expert horticulturalists, or unwind with a stay at one of our charming accommodations. Whether you’re here to learn, explore, or simply soak up the season, there’s something special waiting for you this summer at Diggers. Visit our gardens See the good stuff come to life. Explore thriving heirloom vegetable beds, discover seasonal inspiration, and wander through living examples of what’s possible in your own patch. Explore Discover what's on From seasonal garden moments to inspiring events, explore experiences that celebrate growing the good stuff and connecting with nature. Explore Masterclasses & Workshops Join our expert-led sessions designed to help you grow the good stuff with confidence. Dig into skill-building masterclasses and workshops and start learning today. Explore Fresh Picks! Enjoy 20% off avocados and citrus As the seasons shift, we’re making room for what’s next. For a limited time, enjoy 20% off our avocado and citrus collections. The perfect opportunity to grow your own backyard bounty. Avocado Collection There’s nothing like harvesting creamy, sun-warmed avocados straight from your own tree. Perfect for patios or backyard orchards, these trees bring beauty and bounty. Shop now Citrus Collection Lemons, limes, oranges - citrus trees add a fresh burst of life to your garden and your plate. Easy to grow homegrown fruit, all in one. Shop now A celebration of roses Step into a world of bloom with our complete rose collection! Explore companion plants that invite pollinators, tools that turn tending into ritual and a rich blog library full of expert tips and stories to guide you in growing your roses with confidence. It’s everything you need to grow a garden that’s as vibrant and alive as the season itself. Rose essentials Support your roses from root to bloom. This collection brings together time-tested tools, elegant structures and gardener-loved essentials to help you grow with grace and intention. Shop now Rose companions Grow in harmony. Our rose companion plant collection features pollinator-friendly favourites and beneficial pairings that help your roses thrive naturally. Shop now How to grow roses New to roses or growing your garden? Explore our blog library for expert tips, seasonal advice and inspiration to help your roses thrive - one bloom at a time. Explore now Become a member Explore the gardens Become a member Welcome to The Diggers Club Lilies are nature’s subtle showstoppers - elegant, fragrant and effortlessly timeless. Our collection celebrates their beauty in every form, from classic white to vibrant pinks that bring quiet drama to gardens and homes alike. New Heirloom Seed Annual 2025/26 Your complete A-Z guide to sowing and growing heirloom vegetable, fruit and flowers throughout the year. Read now Read now Give the gift of membership Membership is at the heart of the Diggers Club mission, and for fifty years gardeners across Australia have been enjoying its many benefits. Gift a membership Grow the garden you’ve always dreamed of Invite the beauty of summer into your garden with heirloom seeds that celebrate our rich gardening heritage, flowers that burst with vibrant colour and our signature tools designed to last for seasons to come. This is the time to grow, share and enjoy the rewards of green living. Shop seeds Shop plants Shop vegetables Shop garden supplies Magazine Summer garden magazine 2025 Dive into our new Summer Garden Magazine, packed with thoughtful discussion pieces, expert advice on what to sow and plant right now and our festive 2025 gift guide to help you grow the good stuff this season. Read issue Stay awhile Make your summer escape unforgettable with a stay at Woolrich House, nestled within the beautiful Cloudehill Gardens. Wake to garden views and wander through lush seasonal colour. Book your stay and enjoy the beauty and stillness of Cloudehill this summer. Book now Rare seed of the month - December Bean 'Ann Michelle' A compact, low-growing bush bean developed by David Marray and generously donated by a Diggers member in 2015. ‘Ann Michelle’ is a semi-veining bean with distinctive red seeds, selected for its high protein content and versatility in the kitchen. Available Wednesday, December 3rd. Shop now SUMMER GARDEN 2025 Explore issue We're headed to MIFGS! Celebrate community, colour and the joy of gardening with The Diggers Club at the Melbourne International Flower and Garden Show 2025. See more The crowd favourite: The Budget Breaker Designed to help all Australians start growing their own fresh vegies on a budget. Harvest up to two tonnes of food with this 13 packet collection of our highest yielding varieties Shop now Shop our early selection of Hellebores Delicate yet resilient, hellebores bloom when the rest of the garden sleeps, bringing soft colour and effortless elegance to the winter landscape. With shades ranging from dusky pinks to deep burgundies, these cold weather favourites are a must for any seasonally inspired garden. Shop now Shop our Sweet Pea Collection Shop our wide selection of these charming, climbing beauties - ideal for planting now. With their delicate petals and lush vines, sweet peas bring a touch of whimsy and elegance to your garden. Plant today, and enjoy their enchanting blooms come spring. Shop now Shop now THE DIGGERS CLUB SUMMER IN THE GARDEN Escape the crowds with us this season GARDEN TOURS | LIVE MUSIC | LOCAL WINE EXPLORE MORE HERE The season of slow growing starts here Join or renew your membership today and you’ll have exclusive access to rare heirloom seeds, expert advice and seasonal inspiration - everything you need to make the most of winter's rhythm. Renew today Join the club Liliums The garden showstopper Liliums are generally very hardy and can be planted in both garden beds and pots. Over time, the bulbs establish themselves to form larger clumps, which can then be divided in the coming years. Shop collection Lilium 'Easy Whisper' 3 bulbs Shop now Lilium 'Competition' 3 bulbs Shop now Lilium 'Sentosa' 3 bulbs Shop now Find the perfect gift at every budget Gifts under $50 Gift cards for every gardener A gift they’ll really dig! Diggers gift cards up to $100 Gifts under $30 Gifts under $25 Stay tuned for our rare seed drop, coming soon! 00 Secs 00 Secs 00 Secs 00 Secs The home of heirloom seeds Rare & exclusive Shop now Vegetable seeds Shop now Flower seeds Shop now Bulk seeds Shop now members exclusive offer Members save 40% off SHOP ALL CITRUS  FOR $24.95 SHOP ALL CITRUS TREES Members save 40% off SHOP ALL APPLES FOR $24.95 SHOP ALL APPLE TREES SEEDS to sow now SUPPORT A SEED Learn how to choose your glasses wisely DIGGERS Foundation DIGGERS Memberships Education Programs Learn more Autumn Garden Magazine Learn more Diggers Foundation Learn more JOIN THE DIGGERS CLUB TO ENJOY MEMBER BENEFITS. Diggers Club Memberships Australia's favourite gardening community. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned green thumb, we'll help you grow a productive and beautiful garden. Shop Membership Visit our historic gardens HERONSWOOD The home of The Diggers Club, on the Mornington Peninsula. Heronswood peaks in summer with wonderful planting combinations of summer perennials and heirloom vegetables. Visit CLOUDEHILL In the heart of the Dandenong Ranges, Cloudehill is a stunning cool climate garden spread over 5 acres with over 25 different garden rooms to explore. Visit Garden of St Erth Featuring over 4 acres of food, cottage and bush gardens, each season provides different delights and inspiration to both experienced and aspiring gardeners. Visit Special Events The Diggers Club Joins Botanica Autumn Tour Spring Tour Diggers Tomato Taste Test Weekend Saturday tickets Sunday tickets Visit our historic gardens Find inspiration at our gardens and explore our living plant collections Explore HERONSWOOD The home of The Diggers Club, on the Mornington Peninsula. Heronswood peaks in summer with wonderful planting combinations of summer perennials and heirloom vegetables. Visit CLOUDEHILL In the heart of the Dandenong Ranges, Cloudehill is a stunning cool climate garden spread over 5 acres with over 25 different garden rooms to explore. Visit Garden of St Erth Featuring over 4 acres of food, cottage and bush gardens, each season provides different delights and inspiration to both experienced and aspiring gardeners. Visit T hank you to our members "Everything is so engaging - makes me want to get out and sow seeds and watch them grow! lots of easy to understand information in the magazines that is presented beautifully. And I think the work you do is so important" "I like the friendly nature of the club, lots to choose from and I'm always discovering new things. I always love getting the seasonal magazine too!" "Many reasons. Great selection of seeds that germinate reliably. Excellent gardening advice that you can find without wasting hours of time on-line. The Diggers Club is is truly an extremely worthwhile and very valuable resource." Stay up to date with our newsletter! It's time to grow the good stuff! Receive the latest news, updates, and exclusive promotions directly in your inbox. Sign up today and receive our free seed sowing guide. Thank you! Your membership and purchase helps The Diggers Foundation preserve our historic gardens and rescue heirloom seeds and plants. The Diggers Club is Australia’s largest community of gardeners. With the best range of heirloom seeds, rare plants and bulbs available, join us to learn how to create your own beautiful and productive garden for a sustainable future. Join Now → Help & Info Contact Us Shipping & Delivery Quarantine Returns Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Membership Join Renew About Us Our Story Our Gardens Foundation Media Careers Services Donations Copyright 2026 The Diggers Club Pty Ltd - Since 1978 - What are you looking for today? × Gift Receiver Information Your name Recipient's name Recipient's email Date to send gift Message Cancel Gift Purchase Save