Munich Digitization Center (MDZ) - Homepage | MDZ We're sorry but this website doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. Zu deutscher Sprachversion wechseln RSS Collections The MDZ 2D and 3D Digitization Technologies and Software Development Digital Long-term Preservation Chronicle Publications of the MDZ (In Selection) Our Data Services Download Options Interfaces Reproduction Orders (€) Help Search Help Viewer Help FAQ Contact Imprint Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Close main menu An error occurred while serving your page Please make sure that you are using an up-to-date and supported browser (Edge, Firefox from version 68, Chrome from version 86, Safari from version 12). Otherwise we can't guarantee that the website is working as intended. If you are already using an up-to-date browser, please try refreshing the site. If the error persists, please get in touch via mdz@bsb-muenchen.de . Munich Digitization Center (MDZ) - Homepage Search the Digital Collections Discover 3,150,411 Digitized Manuscripts, Prints, Music, Maps, Photographs, Newspapers and Magazines, about 100% of them available via . Search metadata full texts Search metadata full texts Filter keep active filters Search the Digital Collections Discover 3,150,411 Digitized Manuscripts, Prints, Music, Maps, Photographs, Newspapers and Magazines, about 100% of them available via . Highlights The Great Wave Evangeliary of Henry II Reichenau Gospel Song of the Nibelungs Wolfram von Eschenbach‘s Parzival Babylonian Talmud Ottheinrich Bible Gutenberg Bible Nuremberg Chronicle of Hartmann Schedel Philipp Apian’s 'Große Karte': Preliminary Drawings Magnificent Choir Book of Albrecht V Sources on the History of the Fugger Family Tale of Genji UNESCO - World Document Heritage Selected Collections Manuscripts Old Printings Maps & Images Music Newspapers & Journals Reference Works Bequests & Autographs Bavarica Our Data Services Download Options Interfaces Reproduction Orders (€) From the MDZ The Munich DigitiZation Center (MDZ) has been providing the rich holdings of the Bavarian State Library (BSB) on the Internet since 1997. It is the central innovation and also production unit of the BSB for developing, testing and implementing new products and processes related to the multifaceted, far-ranging subject of the 'digital library'. 11/14/2025 Late medieval manuscript (BSB Cod.angl. 5) digitized In October 2025, the valuable parchment manuscript 'The tene comaundementis gyuen of god to the old Jues as hit aperith in Exodo the XX chapter and in Detero the ffirst chapter be dyversly reherses of diverse clarks' was digitized at the ScanningCenter. The theological manuscript, which includes texts on the Ten Commandments, dates from the early 16th century (around 1506). To the Manuscript in the Digital Collections 11/07/2025 Brahmi seal (BSB Cod.sanscr. 469) digitized In October 2025, a valuable seal was digitized at the ScanningCenter. The ruby seal was created between the 1st century BC and the 1st century AD and bears a Brahmi inscription. To the Brahmi seal in the Digital Collections 10/30/2025 Digitization of the RISM card catalog of Series A/I completed In August 2025, the digitization of the card catalog of series A/I ('Music prints before 1800') of the 'Répertoire International des Sources Musicales' (RISM) was completed. The catalog lists music prints owned by West German institutions in the recording period from 1953 to 2005. The alphabetical sorting by composer is followed by that of anonymous authors and collections. The digitization of the approximately 54,000 punched catalog cards was carried out by an external service provider, and the data was processed in accordance with the Munich Digitization Center’s standard business procedures. To the Card catalogue of the Munich RISM office more news The MDZ 2D and 3D Digitization Technologies and Software Development Digital Long-term Preservation Chronicle Publications of the MDZ (In Selection) Our Data Services Download Options Interfaces Reproduction Orders (€) Help Search Help Viewer Help FAQ Contact Imprint Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Sitemap