IIoT Devices and Services for M2M Networking | Digi International Skip to content → Skip to footer → Skip to search → English Deutsch Español Français 中文 Blog Sign In How to Buy Contact Us Search Popular Searches: XCTU XBee AnywhereUSB Industrial Routers Drivers & Firmware Solutions Solutions Home By Industry Agriculture Education Energy Industrial Medical Oil and Gas Retail Smart Cities Transportation All Industries By Application Asset and Inventory Management Digital Signage Environmental Monitoring Green Technology Logistics Public Safety and Emergency Services Public Transit Traffic Management All Applications Packaged Solutions Digi 360 Digi LifeCycle Assurance Digi X-ON Managed Services Opengear OOB Solutions SmartSense Monitoring Solutions Ventus Managed Network Solutions Technologies Technologies Home DAL OS Digi Accelerated Linux operating system delivers sophisticated device functionality. Digi SureLink Persistent network connections ensuring rapid, always-on communications. Digi TrustFence Integrated IoT device security framework, device identity and data privacy. Featured Technologies 5G Connectivity Anterix Spectrum Bluetooth Cellular Failover Edge Computing FIPS 140-2 FirstNet Fixed Wireless Access Gigabit-Class LTE LoRaWAN Out-of-Band Management Private Networks SD-WAN USB Over IP Wi-SUN Zigbee Wireless Mesh All Technologies > Products Products Home Embedded Systems Digi XBee Digi XBee Home Cellular Modems RF Modules Gateways Development Kits Software and Tools XBee Studio XCTU Cellular Data Plans Digi XBee for Wi-SUN Digi ConnectCore Digi ConnectCore Home System-on-Modules Single Board Computers Development Kits Software and Tools Cloud Services Security Services Digi X-ON Digi PLConnect Cellular and Networking Cellular Routers and Extenders Cellular Routers and Extenders Home Enterprise Routers and Extenders Industrial Routers Transportation Routers Software and Tools Digi Remote Manager Digi Containers Digi eSIM Mobile VPN Modbus Apps WAN Bonding Digi 360 Infrastructure Management Infrastructure Management Home Industrial Automation USB Connectivity Serial Connectivity Console Servers Software and Tools Digi Navigator Digi Remote Manager Digi Axess Digi LifeCycle Assurance Professional Services Managed Connectivity Services Implementation Services Application Development Wireless Design Services Resources Resources Home Resource Library Datasheets Ebooks Solution Briefs Technical Briefs Videos White Papers All Library Resources Customer Stories Events Examples and Guides IoT Terminology Digi Logos and Photos Product Certifications Project Gallery Security Center Webinars More Videos Support Support Home Technical Support Select your product for firmware, drivers, software, knowledge base articles and manuals. Select Your Product Customer Portal Product Certifications Professional Services Security Center Support Forum Support Services Company Company Home About Digi Awards and Recognition Careers Investor Relations Leadership Locations Media Coverage Press Releases Partners Partner Portal Login Network Operators Technology Alliances Value-Added Resellers Opengear, A Digi Company Smart Out-of-Band Management Visit Opengear SmartSense by Digi Sensing-as-a-Service Solutions Visit SmartSense Ventus, A Digi Company Managed Network-as-a-Service (MNaaS) Visit Ventus Blog Sign In How to Buy Visit us at CES 2026 January 6-9, 2026 Las Vegas Convention Center North Hall Las Vegas, NV | Booth 10871 CES® unites the brightest tech luminaries to pioneer the future and solve the world's biggest problems. Learn More The Ultimate Medical Connection Secure. Compliant. Connected. Digi Connect® EZ 4 WS — IEC 60601-1 compliant for seamless hospital network integration. Request a Demo ! Digi Connect EZ 4 WS Introducing: Digi IX30-0EG4 Our new Digi IX30 LTE router SKU supports the Anterix 900 MHz spectrum for private LTE deployments and edge computing applications in utilities and critical infrastructure. New for Cellular Solutions Digi IX30-0EG4 Announcing Digi X-ON Driving Business Transformation An end-to-end IIoT solution that automates business operations. Networking, IT and IoT Solutions for Every Use Case Find the IoT products, software, services and IT solutions you need to connect, solve problems and harness ROI. Embedded Systems Connect your devices with versatile modules and powerful single-board computers designed for rapid deployment and scalability. Digi XBee Ecosystem (RF Modules) Digi ConnectCore (SOMs) Digi X-ON (LoRaWAN) Digi PLConnect (Power Line Communication) IoT Development Kits Digi Remote Manager® The command center for intelligent networks and devices Cellular and Networking Maintain constant flow of data between your devices with secure cellular routers and gateways built to handle networks of various speeds and sizes. Cellular Routers and Endpoints Infrastructure Management Wireless Design Services End-to-end prototyping, design, engineering, application development and IoT go-to-market services. CONNECT WITH CONFIDENCE Professional Services IoT deployment support, mobile app development, Python coding, configuration. Digi TrustFence® Security Out Here Millions of Machines are at Work Watch Video From Concept to Connectivity Explore an expanding portfolio of purpose-built IoT and M2M solutions that help connect more than 200 million devices in essential applications. IoT and IT Solutions Solutions by Application From the enterprise to the fleet Solutions by Technology From private LTE to 5G Solutions by Industry From retail to industrial What Is Industrial IoT (IIoT)? Developing and deploying a wireless application requires the right products for the right use case. Especially when it comes to the industrial IoT – where devices can be subjected to temperature extremes, moisture, vibration and other environmental factors. Digi specializes in serving the demanding applications in the Industrial IoT (IIoT) market with ruggedized cellular solutions and supporting services. IIoT applications run the gamut from outdoor digital signage to water/wastewater management , smart city lighting , municipal transit , traffic management , precision agriculture , utilities and metering , manufacturing automation and remote industrial monitoring. Hardened, high-performance Digi IoT solutions for the industrial space include industrial cellular routers , transportation cellular routers as well as wireless SOMs , embedded RF modules and Digi Remote Manager - the remote device management platform to monitor and manage device networks of any size and perform out-of-band management from a desktop or mobile device. Download the Industrial IoT Solutions Brochure Remote Device Management For any IoT device deployment of more than a few devices, teams deploying IoT solutions need a remote management system to support configuration, monitoring, security, firmware updates, troubleshooting and out-of-band management. Digi RM is the command center for your device network, providing the tools for configuring and managing your devices. IoT Devices The need for IoT products is on a growth trajectory, encompassing everything from wireless IoT solutions such as embedded system-on-modules and RF modules to cellular routers and gateways. Digi is a leading provider of IoT products and solutions supporting industries from retail and banking to medical, transportation and remote industrial applications. IoT Services Defining the needs for wireless IoT solutions is a complex process, as are the subsequent phases, which include prototyping, designing, certifying, configuring and deploying your IoT application. Digi provides IoT services to support the complete lifecycle of product ideation, development, and management of IoT embedded designs as well as deployment of packaged solutions. Solutions for Connected Enterprises Technology is ever changing, and Digi is on the cutting edge, delivering the solutions you need to solve problems, work smarter, connect faster and grow. Digi 360 Digi 360 offers comprehensive cellular solutions, including purpose-built devices, software and services, to help customers optimize their IoT investments and maximize ROI. Solutions for the next generation of networking Private LTE Based on CBRS With coverage or capacity issues sometimes limiting the availability of public LTE or Wi-Fi
								networks, organizations in the U.S. are increasingly turning to CBRS to meet their connectivity
								needs. Digi is ready to help you deploy Out-of-Band Management Organizations that need secure, remote access and control of their infrastructure are deploying out-of-band management solutions to provide uninterrupted availability for devices. Learn about secure OOB management Customer Connectivity in Action Network Resilience Redundancy Central Management Network Resilience "Digi has a strong reputation among our primary customer segments. The solid construction, rugged design, failover capabilities, and support for HTTPS and TLS 1.2 and above combine to make this an excellent extension to our solution." CyberLock Sales Group Read more about this solution "Digi TX64 is the ideal choice for TriMet, because of its durability, performance, and customizability. We love that we can customize the router through Digi Advanced Linux and custom Python apps to integrate it easily with our CAD/AVL, and other vehicle-based systems. Digi Remote Manager was another major reason for our choice, since we can manage device configurations on across TriMet’s vehicle fleet from a single pane of glass." Evan Yand, Senior Vehicle Systems Engineer Read more about this solution "Collaborating with the AT&T and NYC DOT teams to plan and deploy this massive rollout was a great experience. It shows the power of partnerships. And the end result is a process that we can replicate to support cities of any size in their quest to improve traffic flow, system reliability and control while gaining citywide 24/7/365 visibility." Steve Mazur, Director of Government Solutions, Digi International Read more about this solution "LTE offered enormous cost savings over our legacy copper connections. Digi was the logical choice for secure, reliable communication with our members’ meters and generators." John Coates, EMS Application Engineer Read more about this solution Opengear, a Digi Company Opengear brings business continuity through Smart Out-of-Band management, combined with NetOps capabilities. Secure remote access to critical devices, independent of the production network. Visit Opengear SmartSense by Digi SmartSense by Digi provides turnkey IoT services for automating temperature and task management. No additional hardware or IT support needed. Visit SmartSense Ventus, a Digi Company Ventus provides managed Network-as-a-Service (MNaaS) solutions that simplify the complexity of enterprise wide area network (WAN) connectivity. Visit Ventus What's new at Digi All Press Media Coverage Press Release Opengear Achieves SOC 2 and ISO 27001 Compliance, Advancing Security for Critical Network Management Press Release Digi International to Deliver Zero-Touch eSIM for Multi-Carrier Cellular Management and Distributed Edge Visibility Press Release Digi International Achieves SOC 2 Compliance Demonstrating its Sustained Commitment to Security Financial Digi International Reports Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Full Fiscal 2025 Results Press Release Digi International Showcases Complete Edge-to-Cloud Embedded Solution for Connected Product Development at Embedded World North America 2025 Press Release Digi International Announces Digi XBee 3 Global LTE Cat 4 Cellular Modem for IoT Applications Press Release Digi, Avnet, and STMicroelectronics Launch North American Digi ConnectCore® MP25 Hands-On Workshop Series to Help Device Manufacturers Build Secure, Connected Products Financial Digi International to Release Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2025 and Full Fiscal 2025 Earnings Results and Host a Conference Call on November 12, 2025 Press Release Over 25 Million Modules Deployed and Counting: Digi XBee® Celebrates Customer Innovation Contact Information 1-877-912-3444 952-912-3444 Contact Digi sales Security Inquiries Newsletter Signup Solutions By Industry By Application Packaged Solutions Digi 360 Digi LifeCycle Assurance Digi X-ON Managed Services Opengear SmartSense Ventus Technologies Digi Technologies Featured Technologies Products Embedded Systems Cellular and Networking Professional Services Technical Support Customer Portal Return Authorization (RA) Policy Support Forum Support Policy Support Services Warranty Registration Resources Blog Customer Stories Digi Logos and Photos Events How to Buy Resource Library Sign In Videos Webinars Company About Digi Awards Careers Environment Export Policy Investor Relations Leadership Locations Media Coverage Other Digi Sites Press Releases Quality Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Legal | Site Map © 2025 Digi International Inc. All rights reserved.