Digital.gov — Guidance on building better digital services in government Skip to main content Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government
              organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
              the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official,
              secure websites. Guidance on building better digital services in government Menu Blogs Events Resources Communities Guides Subscribe to our newsletter Search small Better websites. Better government. View Events Join Communities How to implement 21st Century IDEA Requirements for delivering a digital-first public experience —Learn how to implement 21st Century IDEA to design and deliver better websites and digital services. An introduction to domain management —A .gov domain instantly conveys credibility and trustworthiness, and proper domain management practices ensure that your website is secure… An introduction to federal website standards —The federal website standards help agencies provide high-quality, consistent digital experiences for everyone. An introduction to digital governance —Learn why governance is essential to digital experience. Search optimization for PDF documents —Understand how to optimize search for PDFs Optimizing search during website redesigns —Understand how and why to plan ahead and optimize your new site for search engines Deliver better digital services Digital.gov Communities of Practice Collaborate and share resources with other communities across government who are focused on building better digital experience in government. Communicators 3,014
          Members Improve written and verbal communication to make government more effective. Connect with Communicators Contact Center 619
          Members Explore methods of service delivery that improve customer experience in government contact centers. Connect with Contact Center Multilingual 1,043
          Members Expand and improve digital content in languages other than English. Connect with Multilingual Plain Language 2,819
          Members Promote the use of plain language to provide better service to the public. Connect with Plain Language Social Media 2,009
          Members Improve social media outreach and performance. Connect with Social Media User Experience 2,612
          Members Create better user-centered products for the public. Connect with User Experience Web Analytics 1,756
          Members Make better decisions using web analytics and other optimization strategies. Connect with Web Analytics Web Managers 2,287
          Members Create a better online experience for the public alongside government web content managers. Connect with Web Managers News and Events Innovative work, news, and ideas from people and teams in government Write for us USWDS USWDS Monthly Call - January 2025 Learn the U.S. Web Design System basics, how to get started with the design system, and what’s coming next for USWDS in 2025. Jan 16 , 2025 2025 Rebuilding CDC.gov Learn how the CDC.gov team used a bold “Clean Slate” approach to reimagine the site and meet real user needs. Stacey Thalken Jan 2, 2025 Reduce, remove, remediate: PDFs and government websites In a recent governmentwide community discussion, we shared tips to remediate the use of PDFs on government websites, focusing on balancing needs, choosing formats, starting fixes, and ensuring documents are accessible for everyone. Annette Super Dawn Pointer McCleskey Dec 31, 2024 Designing a multilingual future: A conversation with Laura Godfrey On the eve of her retirement, Laura Godfrey reflects on multilingualism and equitable access to government information. Bonnie Cameron Dec 23, 2024 FY 24 Governmentwide Section 508 Assessment The FY 2024 Governmentwide Section 508 Assessment highlights progress and ongoing challenges in federal digital accessibility efforts. This assessment provides key findings on governmentwide accessibility maturity and actionable recommendations. The recommendations include stronger enforcement of 508 standards, increased resourcing, and integrating accessibility into the technology lifecycle to enhance compliance and access for all. — via General Services Administration Dec 20, 2024 USWDS USWDS Monthly Call - December 2024 The U.S. Web Design System team is joined by the Federal Website Standards team to share more about the standards, their origin, the research backing them, and what standards are coming next. Watch Video Dec 19 , 2024 2024 Making government text messaging more effective with Notify.gov To improve access to government services, GSA launched Notify.gov, a notification tool that sends text message reminders about government services and benefits programs. This service aims to ensure families receive the right information at the right time on the government services they use. — via General Services Administration Dec 17, 2024 Approaching language translations to provide a better user experience: A Login.gov case study Learn how the Login.gov team improved translations and added a new language to enhance their service. Julia Solórzano Danielle Lee Mitchell Henke Nick Ng Dec 17, 2024 How we measure the success of coaching engagements 18F measures the success of coaching by tracking the progress of first-time product owners. Through self-assessments and ongoing support, they focused on developing key skills such as product discovery and vendor management. This approach allowed them to visibly track growth and ensure agency partners were empowered to lead their technology modernization projects with confidence. — via 18F Dec 10, 2024 18F project defaults 18F collaborated on 31 government digital service projects in 2024, including the IRS Direct File Pilot and Notify.gov. To streamline processes, they shared five default templates for other project teams to adopt and improve efficiency and transparency on their own projects. — via 18F Dec 5, 2024 See all News Have a case study to share? Did your team recently launch something? Send us an email Join 18,000 others in government and subscribe to
            our newsletter — a round-up of the best digital news in government
            and across our field. Return to top Learn Blogs Events Resources Communities Guides Job board Grow Write for us Host an event Submit GitHub issue Connect About Us Site Policies Contact Us Content schedule Social X (Formerly Twitter) Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Digital.gov An official website of the U.S. General Services Administration About GSA Accessibility statement FOIA requests No FEAR Act data Office of the Inspector General Performance reports Privacy policy Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov