Platform
Integrations
Pricing
Solutions
Resources
Talk to an expert
digital Audience

Onboard, collaborate and activate. Turn data into personalized online experiences. Securely and at scale.

Get started today
Improve accuracy

Stop wasting marketing budget on unlikely buyers. Use insights based on declared offline-data to increase campaign conversion.

Expand your reach

Expand your reach and scale your business. Connect fragmented data to increase match rates, and unlock new monetization opportunities.

Navigate privacy regulations

Get peace of mind knowing your campaigns run on consent-based insights, and activated through privacy-enhancing technologies.

What our clients say
"digitalAudience has helped us target the right audiences for our digital campaigns across various platforms. Once the audience matches the message, we noticed a significant increase in sales, engagement, and time spent on site for multiple of our clients."
"digitalAudience makes customer match possible on our network, enabling advertisers to target their CRM data. Not only does this bring extra revenue but it also strengthens the relation we have with our clients. "
"Our partnership with digitalAudience has transformed our marketing game. We reached more of the right people, spent less and achieved impressive engagement rates. This collaboration makes us an even stronger leader in the Embedded Services market."
+ 68 % match rate

Telco company integrated CRM-data for improved recognition, resulting in a 68 % higher match rate.

“digitalAudience has provided Delta Fiber with a much-needed alternative to third-party cookie targeting that has delivered increased match rates across display and social channels. We are now better able to reach our target audiences with relevant messages and as a result we have seen an increase in new customer adoption.”

Find out more

Trusted by top brands in Europe
Contact
Info@digitalAudience.io
+31 20 669 1001
Info
About us
Contact us
Legal
Newsletter
Subscribe for more insights
© socialAudience B.V