This website uses cookies to enhance your experience.

We use strictly necessary cookies that are essential for the website's proper functioning and cannot be disabled. We also use privacy-friendly analytics cookies to help us understand how the site is used. If you consent, limited data (such as your browser type, IP address, etc.) will be processed to generate aggregated statistics.

You can withdraw your consent at any time via the Cookie Settings, which are also available via our Cookie Policy

Cookie Settings
Reject Optional Cookies
Accept Optional Cookies
Learn More About the Alternative App Future
App Developers
Brands & Agencies
Telecom
Company
Resources
Login
Contact
A New Horizon for Apps is Emerging

Let’s Build the ALL-ternative App Future Together

Explore What’s Possible
Spark Mobile Growth

DT’s Ignite technology accelerates mobile growth and consumer engagement. See how DT can help you succeed:

App Developers
Brands & Agencies
Telecom
READY TO GET STARTED?
Give your mobile growth objectives the fuel they need with Digital Turbine's solutions.
Contact us
End-to-End Growth

Our platform supercharges awareness, acquisition and monetization — connecting our partners to more consumers, in more ways, across more devices.

Growth & Awareness
UA Solutions and Strategies You Can Count On

Take the complexity out of UA marketing with first-day and everyday solutions that drive app installs across multiple channels.

Learn More
Monetization Solutions by Developers, For Developers

Innovative revenue solutions that provide real-time mediation, award-winning brand and programmatic marketplace demand.

Learn More
DT Reach: Unparalleled Branding & Awareness

DT Reach drives results at scale for brand advertisers through creatives that leverage the power of sight, sound, and motion.

Learn More
DT Ignite Platform & Services
DT Ignite Platform

Grow your bottom line by introducing your subscribers to apps, content, and media they’ll love through unique smartphone experiences.

DT Ignite Services

Enable direct-to-consumer app installs, monetization solutions, app updates, and more through a suite of app publisher tools.

Ignite Service for Distribution

Boost conversion rates and user growth through frictionless, direct-to-consumer one-click app installs.

Ignite Service for Monetization

Optimize engagement and drive revenue growth by giving publishers end-to-end control over the app installation process.

Our Partners
APPS
BRANDS
OPERATORS & OEMS
Client Success Stories
APP DEVELOPERS
BRANDS & AGENCIES
TELECOM
Delivering Angry Birds and Happy Users for Rovio

Digital Turbine is flying high with our ability to help deliver Rovio’s award-winning games to users around the globe. "We have been able to unlock a valuable source for acquiring new users with Digital Turbine's platform," says the Finnish game-maker

UNLOCK YOUR MOBILE POTENTIAL
Are you ready to power your mobile success with Digital Turbine's solutions?
Contact us
Get Started
Contact Us
Audiences
APP DEVELOPERS
Alternative App Solutions
Monetization Solutions
DT Exchange
DT FairBid
DT Offer Wall
UA Solutions
BRANDS & AGENCIES
DT Creative Lab
TELECOM
Company
About
Investors
Careers
Trust Center
Locations
Resources
All Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Insights
Mobile Explorers
Engineering Blog
Product Documentation
Copyright © 2025 Digital Turbine, Inc. All rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Legal
Brand Safety Policy
Ad Content Guidelines
Digital Services Act