Digital Pacific Australia | Buy Domain and Hosting in Australia: Reliable Solutions for Your Website A Web.com Partner Where websites live. ® 7am - 11pm (ADST) 1300 694 678 About Blog Help & Support Sales My Account 0 Visit Support Centre Getting Started Account & Billing Domain Names Web Hosting Visit Support Centre Other Contact Details Billing Enquiries [email protected] Technical Support [email protected] Careers [email protected] Contact Us Call us Learn more about our solutions or what we can do for you. 1300 694 678 Create a support ticket Create Ticket Local Phone Numbers Sydney (02) 8823 1020 Adelaide (08) 8470 9150 Brisbane (07) 3905 9340 Melbourne (03) 8513 7980 Geelong (03) 8513 7980 Perth (08) 6381 8900 Hobart (03) 6240 1960 Darwin (08) 8914 8920 Canberra (02) 6109 9060 Other Contact Details Sales & Assistance [email protected] Billing Enquiries [email protected] Contact Us Call us Speak with a hosting expert and let us find the right service for you. 1300 694 678 Send us a message Send a Message Create an account 24x7 Tech Support Fast Response Times Industry Leading NPS Create Account Tech Support Knowledgebase Submit a Ticket Quick Links Client Area Pay a Bill Register a Domain Join Affiliates Program Login to your account Your email Your password Forgot password LOGIN Welcome, you're logged in Visit Client Area 0 Search Domains Back Register Register a Domain Change of Domain Registration Domain Name Prices Existing Transfer a Domain Renew a Domain Popular Australian Domains New Zealand Domains Other Extensions Services Whois Lookup WhoIs Privacy About Domains About Domains A domain name is your address on the web. We offer a huge range of Australian, New Zealand and Global domains, suitable for any business or website. Learn More Email Back Gmail Google Workspace & Gmail Services Mailbox Migration About Email About Email A professional email address shows the world you mean business. Get a cloud email service from Digital Pacific at a great low price. Learn More Hosting Back Personal Personal Web Hosting Business Business Web Hosting Premium Web Hosting Reseller Reseller Hosting Services Site Migration Hosting Backups Control Panels Shopping Carts CMS Install an SSL About Hosting About Hosting The experts at Digital Pacific offer Australia's favourite range of hosting services ideal for any business or personal website. Learn More VPS Back Managed cPanel Managed VPS Self-Managed Linux VPS Windows VPS Network Data Centres Technology Reliability & Uptime Services Server Backups About VPS About VPS Ideal for high traffic websites and applications, our Virtual Machines are powered by DellEMC and Intel for outstanding dependability and speed. Learn More Dedicated Back Servers Intel Dedicated Servers Terastore Servers Add-ons Firewalls HA Firewalls Licensing & Addons Operating Systems Server Management Network Data Centres Technology Reliability & Uptime About Dedicated About Dedicated With 20 years of Dedicated Hosting experience, we're Australia's largest provider of DellEMC servers and Juniper Firewalls. Learn More Solutions Back Solutions Managed SEO WordPress Web Design Services WordPress Back Hosting WordPress Hosting Services Site Migration About WordPress About WordPress If your website is built on WordPress, make Digital Pacific your choice for Australian WordPress Hosting at great low prices. Learn More SSL & Security Back SSL Single Site SSL Multi Site SSL (SAN) Wildcard SSL Install an SSL Security CloudLinux Spam Experts About SSL & Security About SSL & Security Secure your website or application and protect your user's data with our large range of SSL certificates and security add-ons. Learn More Offers Login Sales Support Centre About Blog Speak to us now Call Us Start Live Chat 7am - 11pm (ADST) 1300 694 678 0 Get your domain name today Get your domain name today .au .au .com.au .net.au .com .net .org .co.nz .net.nz New 2025 Dedicated Servers with Intel® Scalable Processors Learn More Not sure where to get started? Speak with an expert. 1300 694 678 Contact Us Best in class, scalable Virtual Servers with 24x7 Support Learn More Not sure where to get started? Speak with an expert. 1300 694 678 Contact Us Upgrade to fast, powerful and secure Business Hosting Learn More Not sure where to get started? Speak with an expert. 1300 694 678 Contact Us Get professional SEO to rank better on search engines Learn More Not sure where to get started? Speak with an expert. 1300 694 678 Contact Us Not sure where to get started? Speak with an expert. Call Us 24/7 Contact Us Trustpilot VPS Hosting Get the flexibility of a dedicated server without the high operational costs As low as $29.84/ mo BUY NOW Dedicated Servers Digital Pacific's huge range of servers offer enterprise Dell EMC servers and choice of OS, RAM and storage As low as $219/ mo BUY NOW Business Hosting Set your business on course for online success with a high-performance Business Web Hosting plan As low as $13.32/ mo BUY NOW Get your domain name today .au .au .com.au .net.au .com .net .org .co.nz .net.nz .au $39.90/2yr .com $24.95/yr .com.au $39.90/2yr .net $28.95/yr .org $24.95/yr This is the home of Australian servers, hosting and domains. VPS Managed and self-managed Virtual Machines, with best-in-class hardware and SSD storage. cPanel Managed VPS Linux VPS Windows VPS From $29.84/mo Learn More Dedicated Australia’s largest range of Dedicated Servers, backed by Dell EMC hardware. Intel Dedicated Terastore Servers From $219.00/mo Learn More Hosting Get your business online with Australia’s best value range of web hosting services. Personal Hosting Business Hosting Premium Hosting Reseller Hosting From $7.69/mo Learn More Domains Register your domain name today, or choose from a huge selection of extensions. Bulk Search & Registration Over 30 Extensions Full 24/7 Management From $19.95/yr Learn More Email Business-class email hosting with spam protection and powerful cloud features. Google Workspace & Gmail Mailbox Migration From $10.90/mo Learn More WordPress Our WordPress Hosting has fine-tuned features, hardened security and is optimised for speed. WordPress Hosting WordPress Site Migration From $13.32/mo Learn More SSL & Security Secure your website or application with an SSL certificate from GeoTrust or Symantec. Single Site SSL Multi Site SSL (SAN) Wildcard SSL From $6.78/mo Learn More Unsure where to start? Have a question? Get in touch 1300 694 678 Call Us 24/7 Contact Us Find the right hosting for your business. Select Industry Professional Services eCommerce Digital Agencies Media & Advertising Small Business Information Technology With a multitude of website solution plans available, we can help you find the best plan for your needs no matter what industry you work in. From Architecture to Advertising to Law Firms, Digital Pacific has your back. Business Hosting WordPress Hosting cPanel Managed VPS eCommerce is going from strength to strength in the digital market space today, so eCommerce websites need to have the reassurance that the site is hosted on a stable and robust infrastructure, is able to handle high volumes of traffic, while remaining secure. This is why thousands of eCommerce businesses rely on us every day. Premium Hosting cPanel Managed VPS Dedicated Servers Many successful Digital Agencies grow at an incredible speed, and require a scalable hosting solution that can be upgraded at the drop of a hat. Digital Pacific offers this by allowing our clients to upgrade their plan at any time. With our support team available 24/7, we can help make the upgrade process as smooth as possible. Reseller Hosting cPanel Managed VPS Dedicated Servers In such a fast-paced and changing industry, you need to be able to adjust your online presence quickly to keep up to date, and you need the management software to meet this requirement. Digital Pacifics hosting solutions come with out of the box, industry-standard software to manage your hosting environment any time, anywhere. cPanel Managed VPS Dedicated Servers With the majority of our clients running small one or many small businesses, Digital Pacific offers a wide range of hosting solutions to cater to your needs. From a low traffic Blog to a booming eCommerce website, we have the best solution for you. Business Hosting WordPress Hosting Premium Hosting Being a website hosting specialist, Digital Pacific knows the IT Service industry well. We understand the needs of our fellow IT professionals and why having a solid and reliable presence online is of the highest importance. This is why we have infrastructure in multiple Data Centers around Australia, including APDC, Equinix, Vocus and GlobalSwitch. Dedicated Servers Colocation Services Terastore Servers We're passionate about great web hosting. Around the clock support. Get help quickly with award winning 24x7 support. Endlessly pursuing security. Layers of security keeping your website and applications safe. Connecting your site to the world. Rest easy knowing you're covered by our 99.9% Uptime Guarantee. Around the clock support. Get help quickly with award winning 24x7 support. With over 50,000 customers and a 60+ NPS rating, we take pride in providing industry-renowned support to our customers, 24/7/365. Our friendly team of web hosting experts are always just a call or an email away, anytime you need a helping hand. About Us Endlessly pursuing security. Layers of security keeping your website and applications safe. Digital Pacific is at the forefront of data privacy and security, ensuring our web hosting and server products are continually protected from cyber threats. With a world-class DDoS prevention system, 24×7 network monitoring and extensive data backup and restoration facilities, your services are always under close guard. Our Technology Connecting your site to the world. Rest easy knowing you're covered by our 99.9% Uptime Guarantee. Through our mix of enterprise infrastructure, tier-3 data centres and premium transit,  reliability and speed is assured with Digital Pacific. All hosting services also come with a minimum 99.9% uptime guarantee, giving you the confidence of knowing you’ll stay hosted day and night. View SLA Trusted by over 50,000 Australian businesses. Just great all round. I chose them because they were a local web hosting provider, but have stayed with them because of their excellent product and helpful friendly excellent support. Brendan Trustpilot Websites hosted 250,000 Customers served 50,000 Domains registered 100,000 LEARN MORE Why Choose Digital Pacific? 20+ Years of Experience With over 20 years of experience, Digital Pacific is one of Australia’s most trusted, industry-leading web hosting providers. Rest easy in the knowledge that your website and domain names will always be in safe, expert hands. Affordable & Scalable Hosting From affordable and low-cost web hosting plans and domain names, right through to VPS hosting and dedicated servers, we’ve got great value hosting solutions to suit all business shapes and sizes. With Digital Pacific hosting, your business will have plenty of room to grow. 24/7 Support Our services are backed by our team of web hosting experts right around the clock. No matter the time of day or night, our technical support team are always standing by to jump in and lend a hand. Locally-Based Hosting To provide you with ultra-reliable, lightning-quick web hosting, Digital Pacific’s data centres are located right here in the heart of Sydney. We’re dedicated to providing a 100% Australian service with absolutely no compromise on quality. 30 Day Money Back Guarantee We’re pretty sure we’re going to get along! So much so, that we offer a 30-day money-back guarantee on all of our web hosting services. If you’re looking to make the switch, or start a new website project, you can get started today with nothing to lose! 250,000 Websites Online We’re proud to keep over 250,000 websites online every single day. From personal bloggers, startups, sole traders and small business right through to large-scale enterprise, Digital Pacific serves a broad range of customers with all of their domain name, web hosting and dedicated server requirements. Australia’s Largest Range of Dedicated Servers Digital Pacific offers one of the largest ranges of dedicated servers in Australia. No matter your project, our team of expert engineers and technicians can provide you with the solution you need, perfectly tailored to your project requirements. Serving Over 50,000 Customers Every day, Digital Pacific connects over 50,000 businesses with their customers both here in Australia and beyond. Get found by more customers today with our extensive range of local domain names and ultra-quick Australian web hosting servers. Carbon Neutral We strongly believe we all need to do our part in taking care of the planet. Digital Pacific is proud to offer carbon neutral web hosting services, allowing your business and our environment to thrive hand in hand. Who are Digital Pacific? Trusted by Australians for nearly 20 years, our network and hosting services keep more than a quarter of a million websites online each day. At Digital Pacific, we’re on a mission to connect your website and apps with people in Australia and around the world. Learn More Quick Links Domains & SSL Register a Domain Domain Name Prices Single Site SSL Multi Site SSL Hosting Personal Hosting Business Hosting WordPress Hosting Premium Hosting Servers Dedicated Servers cPanel Managed VPS Linux VPS Windows VPS Sales & Accounts Login to Account Contact Us Pay a Bill Latest Offers Trustpilot Have a question or need help? Contact Sales Visit Knowledgebase Login to Client Area Visit Support Centre Speak to us over the phone 7 am - 11 pm (AEDT) Fast Response Times Industry Leading NPS 1300 694 678 Sign up to our newsletter Keep up to date with the monthly Digital Pacific Newsletter. Enter email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Have a question or need help? Visit Support Centre Call us 24/7 Sign up to our newsletter Enter email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Domains Register a Domain Transfer a Domain Renew a Domain Domain Name Prices Hosting Personal Web Hosting Business Web Hosting Premium Web Hosting Reseller Hosting Site Migration Install an SSL VPS cPanel Managed VPS Linux VPS Windows VPS Virtual Machines Dedicated Intel Dedicated Servers Terastore Servers SSL & Security Single Site SSL Multi Site SSL (SAN) Wildcard SSL Install an SSL CloudLinux Spam Experts Company About Blog Offers Service Agreements Email Google Workspace & Gmail Mailbox Migration WordPress WordPress Hosting WordPress Site Migration Server Add-ons Firewalls HA Firewalls Dedicated Server Addons Operating Systems Server Management Solutions Managed SEO WordPress Web Design Services Our Network Data Centres Technology Reliability & Uptime My Account Login Pay a Bill Affiliates Program Contact Us Login Contact Us Pay a Bill Submit a Ticket About Where websites live. ® Where websites live. ® © Digital Pacific 2025, all rights reserved. Service & SLA Guarantee Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Top SEM For the best deals, just fill out the form below and our agent will get back to you soon! Δ × Chat