Health Care in AZ, CA and NV | Hello Humankindness | Dignity Health Skip to Main Content Schedule an appointment My account My Portal login Dashboard Billing help and FAQ My Portal FAQs Settings Logout Get  care Find a doctor Virtual Care ER + urgent care Conditions & treatments Patient Resources Bill Pay Dignity Health Quality Transparency Emergency care Financial Assistance Find medical records No Surprises Act Price transparency Our Locations Arizona CA - Bay Area CA - Central California CA - Central Coast CA - Greater Sacramento CA - North State CA - Southern California Nevada CA - Medical Groups Health Matters blog Read our latest articles MENU My Portal login Schedule an appointment My account Dashboard Billing help and FAQ My Portal FAQs Settings Get  care Get  care Find a doctor Virtual Care ER + urgent care Conditions & treatments Patient Resources Patient Resources Bill Pay Dignity Health Quality Transparency Emergency care Financial Assistance Find medical records No Surprises Act Price transparency Our Locations Our Locations Arizona CA - Bay Area CA - Central California CA - Central Coast CA - Greater Sacramento CA - North State CA - Southern California Nevada CA - Medical Groups Health Matters blog Health Matters blog Read our latest articles Logout My Care login Expert and compassionate care for you and your family Dignity Health wants to help you feel your best. We stand for excellent, affordable health care delivered with compassion. That’s humankindness. Come see us today. Find a Doctor Helpful resources at your fingertips Our services Urgent care Our locations My Portal Financial assistance Our blog Who is Dignity Health? Founded in 1986 and headquartered in San Francisco, California, Dignity Health is a nonprofit health care organization that operates more than 40 hospitals and 400 care centers, including urgent and occupational care, imaging centers, home health, and primary care clinics. Guided by a mission to provide high-quality, affordable healthcare with compassion, dignity, and respect, our team emphasizes a patient-centered approach, integrating the latest medical technology and practices. As a part of CommonSpirit Health, Dignity Health continues to expand its reach, impacting millions of lives with a commitment to holistic and inclusive care. Learn more about us Find the care you need when you need it Cardiology See conditions treated Emergency care See services offered Neurology See conditions treated Orthopedics See conditions treated Oncology See cancers treated Women's health See services offered See all services Looking for a provider? We have you covered. The right doctor or health care provider can be like a teacher, a cheerleader, and an advocate, all in one. Take the first step by finding this partner on your path to better health. Find a Doctor Video Visits bring care to you. We offer Video Visits so that you can conveniently receive expert care from the comfort of your home. Talk to your doctor or health care provider about how you can schedule a Video Visit today. See virtual care options Find a location closest to you. Our extensive network of hospitals, urgent care centers, and clinics ensures that you have access to top-notch medical services right in your community. Find a nearby location for the care you need. Explore nearby locations Introducing My Portal by Dignity Health (formerly My Care): Your health at your fingertips. Managing your health between visits is now more convenient with My Portal by Dignity Health , providing a new way to access and handle your health needs between appointments. Download My Portal by Dignity Health on the Apple App Store or Google Play, or log into My Portal: https://dignityhealth.org/my-portal/my-account . Learn more You don't have to hear it from us Brad Ochsenbein’s Story of Better Health Brad has lost 210 pounds since undergoing weight loss surgery at  Mercy Southwest. “My legs and my feet were always hurting, and it was because of the extra weight,” said Brad. “I was on pain medication and medication for high blood pressure and diabetes. Now all I take is vitamins. I was hurting all the time, but now I can move around. I can walk, run, and ride a bike without pain. Fighting for Every Breath When simple flu turned out to be the H1N1 virus (swine flu), Armando needed artificial lungs to help him breathe. “I was alive but weak, and the transition off of ECLS was scary,” remembers Armando. “The doctors and nurses were so nice. Everyone treated us like family. They helped me to get off of the machine and to finally sit up in bed.” Nationally recognized care you can trust We want to partner with you on your health care journey. Finding the right doctor is a crucial step toward achieving optimal health, and we're here to make that process simple and convenient for you. Don't wait any longer to get the care you deserve. Find a Doctor About Dignity Health Community health Investor Relations Our locations About Dignity Health Community health Investor Relations Our locations Our organization Press center Ways to give Governance and leadership Our organization Press center Ways to give Governance and leadership HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices: California HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices: Arizona HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices: Nevada Price transparency HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices: California HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices: Arizona HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices: Nevada Price transparency Careers For physicians Careers For physicians Legal notices Internet Privacy Notice Online Accessibility Notice Organized Health Care Arrangement (OHCA) Copyright Contact us Site map Follow us English French Nepali Hindi French Dutch Bengali Japanese