The only AI-powered board management software directors ask for by name Request a demo Diligent is a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Report for Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools Partner Company Support Login Products Solutions Resources Diligent AI Request a demo The leading AI platform for GRC Centralize governance, risk and compliance in one AI platform. Eliminate manual work and deliver insights that drive board-level decisions. Rated #1 in GRC software globally Rated 4.4 / 5 G2 Rated 8.6/10 Trust Radius Named an industry 'Leader' by Gartner Gartner® Magic Quadrant™: Governance, Risk and Compliance Tools, Assurance Leaders 2025 75% of Fortune 500 are Diligent customers 700k Directors 25k Customers 130 Countries Request a Demo Request Pricing Validated by analysts. Loved by customers. See why Diligent is the only GRC SaaS company to be named a ‘Leader’ by the top 5 independent analyst firms (Chartis, Forrester, Gartner, IDC and Verdantix) — and why customers consistently award us top ratings for innovation, ease of use and real results. Never step into the boardroom unprepared See why Diligent is the only GRC SaaS company to be nameda ‘Leader’ by the top 5 independent analyst firms (Chartis, Forrester, Gartner, IDC and Verdantix)— and why customers consistently award us top ratings for innovation, ease of use and real results. Board Director General Counsel C-Suite Risk Officer Board Director Cut through the noise with AI-enhanced governance. Diligent equips directors to focus on the decisions that define the future — with every meeting sharper, faster, and ready to stand up to scrutiny. Maximize every meeting Surface key questions and insights from materials to focus discussion on what matters most. See issues early Spot risks and opportunities before they escalate. Act with certainty Decisions are fully secure, auditable, and defensible. One platform for every stage of your GRC journey. All powered  by AI. Governance Start with clarity at the top. Centralize and automate board materials with AI, streamline decision-making and empower directors to govern confidently — setting the foundation for everything that follows. Compliance Risk Audit See the full picture of your GRC One platform. One view. Diligent unifies all your board and GRC activities while delivering a clear, consolidated view of risk — so your board can make confident, informed decisions. Why Diligent sets the standard for best-in-class governance, risk and compliance groups Decades of boardroom experience For nearly 30 years, Diligent has been the trusted partner to the world’s most influential boards and executive teams — providing clarity, confidence and governance leadership at every step. language Global reach, deep local expertise With customers in 130+ countries and support teams around the world, Diligent delivers unmatched local expertise, best practices and compliance guidance — wherever you operate. arrows_output Built to scale, ready from day one Diligent isn’t just for public or highly regulated companies. It’s built for organizations of any size — combining powerful AI, enterprise-grade security and flexible pricing to support lean teams today and grow with you over time. Don’t take it from us — take it from our 25,000+ customers “Diligent has removed many, many thousands of pounds of cost from the organization, but it’s the experience that has really driven directors to make the right decisions.” Ross Surace Senior Technology Partner
Barclays Discover what smarter GRC looks like for your organization Request a demo Solutions Solutions Board Management Enterprise Risk Management Audit Management Market Intelligence Resources Resources Blog Research & Reports Podcasts Guides Newsletter Signup Company Company About Us Careers Support Partners security Your Data Matters At our core, transparency is key. We prioritize your privacy by providing clear information about your rights and facilitating their exercise. You're in control, with the option to manage your preferences and the extent of information shared with us and our partners. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Digital Services Act Your Privacy Choices Trust Center Vulnerability Disclosure Program Modern Slavery Statement Accessibility Statement © 2025 Diligent Corporation. All rights reserved.