DATA
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
WHO WE SERVE
ABOUT
RESOURCES
LOGIN
TALK TO US
Intelligent discovery. Faster insight.
Dimensions linked data solutions for smarter analysis
TALK TO US
GOVERNMENT
NONPROFITS
INDUSTRY
PHARMA
ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS
PUBLISHERS
170m
Patents
2.5m
Policy documents
7.9m
Grants
42m
Datasets
280m
Online citations
159m
Publications
938k
Clinical Trials
Transform research analysis
We make finding and interpreting global research data fast and simple.

Dimensions provides a suite of research applications and time-saving solutions that connect the dots across the research ecosystem for rapid insight.

We host the largest collection of interconnected global research data, including over 70% of publications with full-text indexing. We then layer this data with easy-to-understand visualizations, purpose-built applications and integrated AI technology to speed up interpretation. 

Whatever you need to uncover, our solutions are built to propel your research and save you hours of time.

REQUEST A DEMO
1
4
2
3
5
6
8
8
A new dimension for research

What is Dimensions?

We provide the world’s largest collection of linked research data, accessible via our web platform and time-saving, workflow-based applications. The Dimensions database consists of vast amounts of linked data from various disciplines in a single platform.

If you have more specific or unique requirements, such as integrating your own data or building a customized solution for your business, our experienced data science experts can help meet your needs. 

Watch our short video to learn more about our data and how we speed up research discovery and insight.

REQUEST A DEMO
Drive efficiencies in your workflow

Fast-track your workflow. See some of our most popular uses below or explore our use cases to see what else we can do.

Conduct horizon scanning

Quickly undertake complex landscape analysis.

Identify new technologies, spot research opportunities and stay ahead of competitors. Access to the comprehensive Dimensions database allows organizations to identify patterns and make informed decisions for strategic future planning. 

Our visual and interactive application allows you to analyze millions of research outputs for any given research landscape in seconds.

FIND OUT MORE
Find reviewers fast

Pinpoint reviewers for grant applications or publication manuscripts at speed.

Access a data-driven list of potential reviewers. A “match score” listed against each individual gives an idea of how well their expertise aligns with your application/manuscript.

FIND OUT MORE
Quickly identify research security risk

Protect your institution against research security risk, as we make it fast and simple to manage compliance.

Easily and confidently inform disclosures, prioritize risk factors, and review research networks in a purpose-built research security application that draws on the largest scientific research database, for robust and fast verification.

FIND OUT MORE
SEE ALL DIMENSIONS USE CASES
GOVERNMENT
PUBLISHERS
NONPROFITS
ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS
PHARMA
INDUSTRY
Find a solution for your needs

With Dimensions, the possibilities are endless.

We’re proud to serve organizations big and small across government bodies, pharmaceutical companies and corporate enterprises to leading universities and publishers.

Dimensions data solutions cover the entire research life cycle, from grants to policy documents, providing comprehensive insights that look beyond the publications. We put users at the heart of what we do and have created solutions to solve everyday research problems. 

To find a solution for your needs, start by taking a look at our audience pages.

Dimensions platform solutions

Discover time-saving solutions to accelerate your workflow.

At Digital Science, we developed Dimensions by collaborating with leading research organizations worldwide. As a result, we were able to produce a linked data system that considers all your research needs and more. Request a demo to find out how Dimensions data solutions can improve your research processes.  

Dimensions Analytics
Dimensions Analytics

Find the information you need in millions of publications, patents, datasets, grants, and more, and get an overview of topics, organizations, people, or network profiles.

Dimensions Landscape & Discovery
Dimensions Landscape & Discovery

Horizon scan in seconds, with your own customized landscape analysis dashboard and visually explore publications, grants, patents, and clinical trials within minutes.

Perspectives & Insights
Dimensions Perspectives & Insights

Get insights to support research strategy, impact assessment and collaboration analysis. Benchmark against others to identify trends, patterns and opportunities.

Expert Identifier
Dimensions Expert Identifier

Quickly identify experts with an extensive list of researchers precisely matched to your business, featuring additional analytical information not found anywhere else.

Reviewer Finder
Dimensions Reviewer Finder

Find expert reviewers fast – as you pinpoint reviewers for grant applications or publication manuscripts

Research Security
Dimensions Research Security

Identify potential risks to your research security, verify disclosures, and review research networks – quickly, efficiently, and thoroughly

Dimensions GBQ
Dimensions GBQ

Seamlessly combine Dimensions data with your own private and external datasets to analyze billions of data points in seconds and create actionable insights.

Dimensions API
Dimensions API

Stream research data into your workflows without manual intervention and access full text search and data retrieval for use in complex analyses and visualizations

Dimensions Industry Partnerships
Dimensions Industry Partnerships

Gain actionable insights to help corporate relations, tech transfer, and research engagement teams identify opportunities and build high-impact collaborations.

SEE ALL DIMENSIONS PRODUCTS
Sara Rouhi

“PLOS relies on Dimensions for baseline data about institutions and their funding sources for agreement discussions but also for internal business analytics”

SARA ROUHI, PLOS

AIDAN MORRISON

“With Dimensions, I don’t waste my time clicking through and switching between databases to find the answers to my questions.”

AIDAN MORRISON, EMERALD PUBLISHING

Donna Axel

“Dimensions is becoming a popular resource across campus and earns high marks for its ease-of-use.”

Donna Axel, University of Colorado

Aruna Rajan

“Dimensions Analytics has a wider coverage than other databases in the space”.

Aruna Rajan, Illumina

Jenny Wooldridge

“Dimensions has improved the ability of the National Physical Laboratory to do research evaluation and analysis by a factor of 10”

Jenny Wooldridge, National Physical Laboratory

Dimensions webinars
ON DEMAND WEBINAR
Digital Science x Times Higher Education: Navigating Risks, Innovation and Integrity

The research landscape continues to evolve, and research security has become essential for driving innovation, strengthening resilience and maintaining integrity. Yet, challenges such as limited resources, fragmented systems and emerging risks continue to…

ON DEMAND WEBINAR
Digital Science x Times Higher Education: Institutional Perspectives on Research Security

With the ongoing transformation of the research landscape in the US, research security has become key to fostering innovation, building resilience and upholding integrity. However, challenges such as resource constraints, fragmented systems and evolving r…

ON DEMAND WEBINAR
Digital Science x EARMA: Future-Proofing Research Management in the Age of AI

In today’s shifting research landscape, institutions across Europe are grappling with questions of openness, integrity, and innovation while balancing policy demands and strategic ambitions. This 60-minute webinar brings together Ann Campbell and Dr…

Featured content
BLOG
How funders and universities can harness Dimensions to shape impact

Research funders, and the universities they support,  want to maximize the societal benefits of the projects they support, but too often they’re asked to do this looking in the rear-view mirror. Traditional research impact assessments rely on retrospectiv…

USE CASE
Accelerate product innovation and decision-making

Accelerating life sciences knowledge discovery, Dimensions helps R&D and product managers to save time and resources, discover where to invest most effectively, and boost innovation initiatives.

CASE STUDY
Sage: Upholding Research Integrity with Dimensions Author Check

Learn how Sage uses Dimensions to uphold the highest standards of research integrity and ensure best practices across the publishing process.

Sign up for our newsletter
 
 
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Data
Dimensions
Modules&Apps
Artificial Intelligence
Data Science / Services
All Products
WHO WE SERVE
Academic Institutions
Nonprofits
Government
Industry
Publishers
ABOUT DIMENSIONS
Why Dimensions
Careers
Contact Us
QUICK LINKS
Dimensions Badge Builder
Website Terms of Use
Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
VPAT®
Security Certifications
Dimensions Sitemap
RESOURCES
Resource Library
Webinars
Blog
News
Case Studies
Use Cases
White Papers
Scientometric access
Product updates
© 2025 Digital Science & Research Solutions Inc. All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies for analytics, improving your on-line experience and enabling third party features. By using this website, you are agreeing to the use of cookies. To find out more and manage your preferences, click on “Cookie settings”.
Cookie settings
OK