Streamline Operations Using QSR Automations | QSR Automations by Crunchtime | The Global Leader in Restaurant Technology Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Support System Status Partner Portal QSR Automations by Crunchtime | The Global Leader in Restaurant Technology A Global Leader in Advanced Restaurant Technology Solutions Software Solutions Hardware Solutions Bump Bars Controllers Mounting Touchscreens All-in-Ones Who We Serve Restaurants Entertainment Venues Travel Senior Living Integrations POS Partners Solution Partners Why QSR? About Press + Media Kit Careers Contact Real-World Restaurant Case Studies How To Buy Blog Kitchen Automation Guest Management Restaurant Management Industry News Restaurant Technology Off-Premise Dining COVID-19 SCHEDULE DEMO Streamline Operations Using QSR Automations Crunchtime + QSR Automations merge to power the full restaurant food lifecycle LEARN MORE EXPLORE THE FULL CONNECTSMART ® SUITE SCHEDULE DEMO SCHEDULE DEMO ConnectSmart ® MAXIMIZE KITCHEN PRODUCTIVITY ConnectSmart ® Kitchen A back-of-house kitchen display solution (KDS) to improve kitchen workflow and communication. Keep pace during peak hours, with lower ticket times and faster table turns, providing an overall stress-free kitchen. FIND OUT MORE Less Chaotic Kitchens Blends In-Store and Off-Premise Orders Reduces Ticket Times Increases Food Quality and Order Accuracy Integrates With 80+ POS Partners Eliminates Paper Tickets Kitchen Automation – Kitchen Display System (KDS) Study VIEW STUDY SMARTER GUEST MANAGEMENT ConnectSmart ® Host A front-of-house guest management solution designed to create great guest experiences, both in-store and off-premise. Additionally, get detailed analytics and reports to help operations run more efficiently. SEE ADVANTAGES Seat Guests and Turn Tables Faster Integrates with ConnectSmart Kitchen 2-Way SMS Messaging for Guest Notifications Flexible APIs for a Simplified Tech Stack Third-Party Reservation Platform Integration Waitlist and Reservation Management We created the original Kitchen Display System. SCHEDULE DEMO CAPITALIZE ON OFF-PREMISE DINING ConnectSmart ® Go Embrace the move to delivery and takeout dining by integrating your front-of-house, back-of-house, in-store POS, and even delivery partners. Create an optimized brand experience for every guest. GO TO DETAILS Efficient Management of Delivery, Take-Out, and Curbside Real-Time Order Updates Tied to Your Kitchen 2-Way SMS Messaging for Guest Notifications Seamlessly Update Guests on Order Status Durable hardware that’s kitchen-tested. When we developed the first Kitchen Display System, we knew it had to run smoothly so your restaurant could, too. And now—with partners like Elo and Kitchen Armor—every piece of hardware we offer stands up to the fast pace and long hours. SEE HARDWARE GET A HIGH-LEVEL VIEW ConnectSmart ® Insights Track every operational data point in your restaurant, with real-time insights alongside historical analytics. With data visualizations and reports, you can identify trends, make quick decisions, and run a smarter, more profitable restaurant. EXPLORE DETAILS A Centralized Data Hub Intuitive Dashboards Compare Different Locations Exportable Data for Business Intelligence and Team-Sharing SEAMLESS INTEGRATIONS Easily integrate with point-of-sale solutions. With over 80 point-of-sale partners, QSR’s ConnectSmart ® products easily integrate into your existing system. Not only does this create a seamless experience for your customers—it makes it easy on you, too. SEE POS PARTNERS Use our APIs to simplify your tech-stack. SCHEDULE DEMO Who uses these solutions? We've completed a national implementation of ConnectSmart® Kitchen, a system that automates our cook time process. The result will be an annualized savings of $5 million, from labor reduction. Chief Information Officer More efficient staffing and less waste have boosted profitability by 3 points and cut waste by 1%. Executive VP, Chief Operations Officer QSR’s ConnectSmart ® solutions tie together critical processes in the restaurant, enabling us to effectively manage the guest experience and enhance operations. VP of Information Systems We've completed a national implementation of ConnectSmart® Kitchen, a system that automates our cook time process. The result will be an annualized savings of $5 million, from labor reduction. Chief Information Officer More efficient staffing and less waste have boosted profitability by 3 points and cut waste by 1%. Executive VP, Chief Operations Officer QSR’s ConnectSmart ® solutions tie together critical processes in the restaurant, enabling us to effectively manage the guest experience and enhance operations. VP of Information Systems Build your custom solution. SCHEDULE DEMO See How We’ve Streamlined Restaurants With the ConnectSmart® suite of products, restaurants around the world have simplified their processes to improve order accuracy, retain great employees, stay profitable, and more. Below you’ll find just a handful of restaurants—from chains to single locations—who have improved their business with technologies from QSR Automations. Edna + Vita In this case study video, the team at Edna + Vita shares how they leveraged ConnectSmart® technology to boost efficiency throughout their restaurant operations. From kitchen workflows to guest management, real-time data and automation helped reduce wait times, improve communication, and increase throughput, leading to smarter decisions and an elevated guest experience every day. Dave’s Hot Chicken Dave’s Hot Chicken has become a standout in the restaurant industry as the fastest-growing chain in the United States. Known for its bold Nashville-style hot chicken, the brand has rapidly expanded from a single popup in 2017 with plans for 1,000 new locations in development globally. We’re proud to support Dave’s Hot Chicken with our kitchen display system solution, ConnectSmart® Kitchen, to help this dynamic brand scale efficiently while delivering its signature heat to fans worldwide! Brinker Brinker International, Inc. is one of the world’s leading casual dining restaurant companies and the home of Chili’s® Grill & Bar, Maggiano’s Little Italy®, together with virtual brand – It’s Just Wings®. Brinker produces $2.9 billion in sales and owns, operates or franchises more than 1,600 restaurants across 31 countries and two territories. The business serves more than 1,000,000 guests daily and has a team of over 100,000 employees. We could not be more proud to provide kitchen automation services to this iconic brand in the industry! The Azzurri Group How ConnectSmart ® Kitchen helped The Azzurri Group, one of the UK’s largest casual dining groups operating three national brands, ASK Italian, Coco di Mama, and Zizzi, across over 200 locations, while employing just over 5,500 staff and serving 13 million meals a year. Vapiano How ConnectSmart ® Kitchen was required to help streamline their operations and give them an efficient service model across the back-of-house. Fridays&Go How Friday’s UK adopted ConnectSmart ® Kitchen to drive efficiencies with the launch of its first quick-service restaurant. Bone Daddies How Bone Daddies has survived and thrived by adopting ConnectSmart ® Kitchen to supercharge their operations. WalkOns How ConnectSmart ® Kitchen was a game changer – streamlining their operations and helping them slash ticket times and increase growth and revenue. HOW CONNECTSMART ® HELPS YOUR BUSINESS Analyze and Improve With historical data and real-time insights, you can make more informed decisions quickly. Robust, Real-Time Data Exportable Visualizations Centralized Data Storage Seamless Integrations Monitor Across Locations Building a consistent, reliable brand experience is easy when you can make assessments across all your locations. Updates Across All Locations Automatic Updates A Dedicated Support Team Manage Your Entire Setup A SYSTEM THAT WORKS TOGETHER Find a level that works for your needs. SEE BUNDLES Schedule a Demo WE HAVE OFFICES AND RESELLERS ALL OVER THE GLOBE. CONTACT US FOR MORE INFORMATION. X USA – HQ QSR Automations, LLC. 2700 Buddeke Drive Louisville, KY 40206 Sales Inquiries: sales@qsrautomations.com Phone: +1 (855) 980-7328 Accounting Fax: +1 (502) 297-0223 X Observer House – UK QSR AI, LLC Observer House, Caxton Way Watford, WD18 8RJ Sales Inquiries: sales@qsrautomations.com Phone: +44 2038704571 OUR STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS Also of Interest Kitchen Display Solution Shop Kitchen Display Bump Bars Free Apps For Restaurants |Free Apps For Restaurants Contact QSR Automations 2700 Buddeke Drive Louisville, KY 40206 Sales US | (855) 980-7328 UK | +44 2038704571 sales@qsrautomations.com Support (855) 980-7328, ext. 6 support@qsrautomations.com Follow us Terms | Privacy | Legal Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Copyright © 2025 QSR Automations, LLC by Crunchtime - All rights reserved. Search: Search for: Submit When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to go to the desired page. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. Software Software Solutions Hardware Hardware Solutions Bump Bars Controllers Mounting Touchscreens All-in-Ones How to buy Support Menu Menu Integrations POS Partners Solution Partners Why QSR? About Media Kit Real-World Restaurant Case Studies Careers Contact Blog Restaurant Management Industry News Restaurant Technology Guest Management COVID-19 Kitchen Automation Off-Premise Dining