DirectAdmin Web Control Panel Home What‘s next?.. A Client Account is required for purchasing licenses. To create an account, please fill out the registration form completely and accurately. You will then receive an e-mail message with the sign in information. If you already have a registered account, please sign in to the Client Area. Sign in Register Hello... Client area Sign in Register Forgot Password? Dear new client... Country Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Submit Already registered? Sign in General Info Message No Email? Contact us. Version 1.691 Toggle navigation Features Pricing Support What's new Forum Extras Order Now Search Ease of Use DirectAdmin provides a clean, efficient user interface that accomodates beginner to advanced users.  A powerful 3-level design (Administrator, Reseller, & User) allows easy switching between access types, all under the same login.  Design layouts (skins) can be changed at the click of a button, allowing quick & easy changes to the interface. Speed Let customers - not software - utilize your resources.  DirectAdmin is an extremely efficient control panel that uses the bare minimum of system resources.  This makes DirectAdmin ideal for systems ranging from low-end VPS units to heavily-loaded dedicated servers.  Try it for yourself and experience the difference in speed! Stability DirectAdmin avoids downtime by automatically recovering from crashes, and sending notifications to the system adminstrator for further action.  In addition, DirectAdmin is a completely stand-alone control panel.  Administrators are free to upgrade/downgrade services, libraries, etc. without fear of breaking the control panel. Your business was waiting for this New release of your beloved software includes Automatic SSL, HTTP/2, new refreshed layout, several new Pro Pack features, and a lot of other goodies! See more Evolution dark mode is here! Night owls can finally browse DA with less strain on the eyes A Better Way To Manage Your Server Powerful And The Easy To Use Web Hosting Control Panel Running Servers All Around The World See more Why DirectAdmin ? Five reasons Ease of use DirectAdmin is the easiest to use control panel. Learn more Speed DirectAdmin is programmed to be the fastest running control panel available. Learn more Stability DirectAdmin avoids downtime by automatically recovering from crashes. Learn more Support We offer high quality support, getting you the answers you need. Learn more Price We offer flexible licensing options to suit every kind of hosting company. Learn more See our software in action Explore unlimited customization abilities for your server letting you tailor our software for your personal needs Cutting-Edge Technologies Web hosting environments are constantly evolving. DirectAdmin stays in-step with today’s most sophisticated solutions. See the list Multilingual Interface Manage your languages easily. DirectAdmin supports 10+ languages out of the box. Using standard translation management tools ensures an easy way of customizing and sharing translations. See the list Countries 130 + New Features Since 2003 1400 + Support Hours DirectAdmin for everyone See all features Pricing options Succeeding in the web hosting business requires flexibility and being competetive. We offer the choice of personal, lite and standard licenses in order to suit every company. Requirements Please make sure that your system is properly configured before ordering DirectAdmin. You can view the minimum system requirements in the following guide. Contact Us Web hosting environments are constantly evolving. DirectAdmin stays in-step with today’s most sophisticated solutions. Personal Theme A custom layout (skin) is a great way to make your hosting company stand out. You don’t need a DirectAdmin license to write skins. Try Our Demo We provide access to DirectAdmin for to try first hand all its functions and features. There are three permission classes within DirectAdmin: User, Reseller and Admin. Let's take your server to the next level Order now Features Knowledge base Forum Site-Helper Translations Policies Support Contacts 2020 JBMC Software, M5159-13432 143 ST NW, Edmonton AB, T5L 5A9, Canada. Mon - Fri 9AM - 5PM MST