ASP.NET Hosting Experts in .NET, .NET Core, ASP.NET, SQL, MVC, ASP Toggle navigation ASP.NET hosting List of plan features Shared Windows hosting Windows cloud hosting Database hosting  » Shared Microsoft SQL MySQL Private Microsoft SQL Private MySQL SQL Reporting Services SQL Server Profiler SQL tools Microsoft Access Custom Cloud solutions International hosting Supported ASP.NET versions ASP.NET Core hosting ASP.NET MVC hosting Classic ASP hosting FAQ TFS hosting Solutions Control Panel  » Overview Application installer API Master Control Panel Visual Studio E-Commerce hosting  » nopCommerce Znode DotNetInvoice CMS application hosting  » DotNetNuke (DNN) Drupal Joomla Kentico mojoPortal Orchard Sitefinity Umbraco Blog hosting  » WordPress BlogEngine.NET Forum hosting  » YetAnotherForum PHP hosting Legacy technologies  » Silverlight WebMatrix Expression Lightswitch FrontPage Custom solutions Services Website migration Domain registration SSL | SSL certificates Website/Database backup Website security scan PCI compliance scan SpamExperts spam filtering Exchange ActiveSync Support Overview Network status Helpdesk Knowledge Base Community Forum Control Panel log in Affiliates Affiliate program overview Affiliate program FAQ Affiliate program sign up About us Our story Reviews & Testimonials Blog Sponsorships News Awards Partners Contact us Sign up Control Panel .NET since day one We are ASP.NET hosting and .NET Core hosting experts, serving the .NET developer community since day one. DiscountASP.NET backs your site with award-winning, trusted service, more than 20 years of Windows hosting experience and a knowledgeable, friendly support team. ASP.NET Hosting plan details » Purchase ASP.NET Hosting plan » ASP.NET hosting Expert .NET Core hosting and ASP.NET hosting, SQL and MySQL, ASP, get 3 months free with the annual plan. Learn more Sign up TFS Hosting All the advantages of Team Foundation Server with none of the server maintenance. Free for 30 days with 5 users. Learn more Sign up ASP.NET Cloud Hosting We also offer scalable ASP.NET Shared Cloud Hosting and Managed Hosting under the brand, Everleap.com . Check it out. Learn more No one has more ASP.NET hosting experience than we do We've been hosting ASP.NET sites since day one, and we have become the most trusted and respected ASP.NET host in the field. With multiple awards from Visual Studio Magazine, Code Project, asp.netPRO Magazine (DevPro Connections) and many others, DiscountASP.NET is the established leader in ASP.NET hosting. Why you should host your site with DiscountASP.NET - $10 a month base ASP.NET hosting plan - We support the very latest Microsoft Web Platform - Expert, local support staff helps you solve problems - Over a decade of award-winning service since 2003! - Instant account activation Purchase a plan now  » DiscountASP.NET gives back to the community We have sponsored .NET user groups in over 90 U.S. cities and more than 20 countries, GiveCamps in the United States and Europe, Code Camps in the U.S. and Canada, as well as domestic and international events, conferences and popular ASP.NET resource sites. See what some of our customers have to say about DiscountASP.NET Don't pass DiscountASP.NET! Have been a customer of DiscountAsp.NET for over 10 years and have never been left down.
        Excellent Knowledge base articles and prompt Tech Support when needed.
        I have ASP.NET & SQL Server hosting and everything from initial setup to recurring backups is a breeze. Definitely recommend for projects of any size. - Happy Programmer DiscountASP.NET is a leader in service I own a small software company. I have hosted sites with DiscountASP.NET for many years. 
          They are, without question, the best. Because of client demands, I host sites in other places, with other companies and in every cloud in the sky. 
          Some of these companies are good but none match the service, the response time and the professional approach of DiscountASP.NET - V. Stack Excellent service—difficult to top for developers I think I've been with DiscountASP.NET for probably 10 years or very close to that. That is because I had no reason to change! As a developer, everything I needed and more, was always there at the ready... I've never had a problem and when I had questions, they were answered immediately. I always found I had the same freedom as my development workstation, whether it was privileged access to my databases, code deployment, 3rd-party tools, latest version of a framework—no issues. I hosted on Windows servers and I would recommend DiscountASP.NET to any developer. - Madvox The best of the best! I have been using DiscountASP.NET since their beginning. They are innovative and always have exactly what you need. Their technical support is the best thing I have ever seen and their people have honest to goodness dedication which you don't see in other companies. I have even moved over other websites to DiscountASP.NET after getting hired as webmaster for other clients. NOBODY out there can compare. I just love them and wouldn't think of using anyone else! - MJ Parker These guys know their stuff. I've been with DiscountASP.NET for approximately 10 years. They always were knowledgeable and competent on any hosting or technical issue I needed addressed. I went through several server OS upgrades (always when I chose to — never instigated or required by the them). Email service was always reliable. - Chris Fraley No News is GREAT News... I wish I could tell you how helpful their customer service is. Or how knowledgeable their tech support is. But I can't. Why? Because in my many years with them, I never needed to get any help. Their initial setup instructions were clear and easy to understand. I've NEVER experienced any down time or technical problems what-so-ever. You can't get better than that. I'm sure someone will always be there for you if you need help. But I doubt you'll need any. I highly recommend. - Joe J. Technology Partners Press Blog Policies Privacy Deals Sitemap Contact us Contact DiscountASP.NET 417 East Huntington Drive, Suite 200, Monrovia, CA 91016 [email protected] ©2003-2025 DiscountASP.NET All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their legal owners. Chat with us , powered by LiveChat