Apply for a Credit Card Online from Discover Action required: Update
							your browser We noticed that you're using an old version of your internet
							browser to access this page. To protect your account security,
							you must update your browser as soon as possible. You'll
							be unable to log in to Discover.com in the future if your
							browser has not been updated. Learn
							more in the Discover Help Center Please Note: JavaScript is not enabled in your
						web browser. In order to enjoy the full experience of the Discover
						website, please turn JavaScript on. If JavaScript is disabled,
						some of the functionality on our website will not work, such as
						the display of rates and APRs. Menu Help Card Help Center Card Smarts Banking Help Center Home Loans Help Center Personal Loans Help Gift Card Help Search Search Discover When
										autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to
										review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by
										touch or with swipe gestures. Log In Opens modal dialog . Credit Card Products All Credit Cards Discover it® Cash Back Earn cash back rewards Discover it® Student Cash Back Start building credit in college Discover it® Student Chrome Earn restaurant & gas rewards as a student Discover it® Secured Build or rebuild your credit Discover it® Miles Explore with the travel rewards credit card Discover it® Chrome Earn restaurant & gas rewards NHL Credit Card Represent your team & earn cash back Credit Cards by Feature All Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Card Offers Credit Cards for College Students Credit Cards for No Credit History Credit Cards to Build Credit No Annual Fee Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards Instant Use Credit Cards Tools and Resources All Credit Cards Credit Card Calculators - Credit Card Interest Calculator - Balance Transfer Calculator Respond to Mail Offer Check Application Status Card Smarts Articles - Getting a credit card - Using your credit card - Credit card rewards Discover®  Scholarship Sweepstakes - Scholarship Directory - Scholarship Search Compare Credit Cards . Credit Card Products All Credit Cards Discover it® Cash Back Earn cash back rewards Discover it® Student Cash Back Start building credit in college Discover it® Student Chrome Earn restaurant & gas rewards as a student Discover it® Secured Build or rebuild your credit Discover it® Miles Explore with the travel rewards credit card Discover it® Chrome Earn restaurant & gas rewards NHL Credit Card Represent your team & earn cash back Credit Cards by Feature All Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Card Offers Credit Cards for College Students Credit Cards for No Credit History Credit Cards to Build Credit No Annual Fee Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards Instant Use Credit Cards Tools and Resources All Credit Cards Credit Card Calculators - Credit Card Interest Calculator - Balance Transfer Calculator Respond to Mail Offer Check Application Status Card Smarts Articles - Getting a credit card - Using your credit card - Credit card rewards Discover®  Scholarship Sweepstakes - Scholarship Directory - Scholarship Search Compare Credit Cards Discover Credit Cards Credit Cards Compare Discover credit cards to find the perfect fit Discover credit cards include rewards like cash back or miles so you can pick the best rewards credit card for you. All with no annual fee Apply with more confidence See if you’re pre-approved with no harm to your credit score 6 Check Now Discover it ® Cash Back Credit Card ★★★★★ ★★★★★ x / 5 Average of x Reviews 5 See how we calculate our ratings Apply Now for the Discover it® Cash Back Credit Card Learn More > about the Discover it® Cash Back Credit Card Discover it ® Cash Back Credit Card Unlimited Cashback Match Get an unlimited dollar-for-dollar match of all the cash back you earn at the end of your first year, automatically. There is no limit to how much we'll match. 1 Earn 5% cash back on everyday purchases at different places you shop each quarter, up to the quarterly maximum when you activate. Plus, earn 1% cash back on all other purchases. No annual fee Read More > Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases and balance transfers and x % intro Balance Transfer Fee until x . Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to x % fee for future balance transfers will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Read Less > Learn More about the Discover it® Cash Back Credit Card Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases and balance transfers and x % intro Balance Transfer Fee until x . Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to x % fee for future balance transfers will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Discover it ® Student Cash Back Credit Card ★★★★★ ★★★★★ x / 5 Average of x Reviews 5 See how we calculate our ratings Apply Now for the Discover it® Student Cash Back Credit Card Learn More > about the Discover it® Student Cash Back Credit Card Discover it ® Student Cash Back Credit Card Unlimited Cashback Match Get an unlimited dollar-for-dollar match of all the cash back you earn at the end of your first year, automatically. There is no limit to how much we'll match. 1 Earn 5% cash back on everyday purchases at different places you shop each quarter, up to the quarterly maximum when you activate. Plus, earn 1% cash back on all other purchases. No annual fee Read More > Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases. Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Read Less > Learn More about the Discover it® Student Cash Back Credit Card Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases. Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Discover it ® Secured Credit Card ★★★★★ ★★★★★ x / 5 Average of x Reviews 5 See how we calculate our ratings Apply Now for the Discover it® Secured Credit Card Learn More > about the Discover it® Secured Credit Card Discover it ® Secured Credit Card Unlimited Cashback Match Get an unlimited dollar-for-dollar match of all the cash back you earn at the end of your first year, automatically. There is no limit to how much we'll match. 1 Earn 2% Cashback Bonus ® at Gas Stations and Restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter, automatically. 2 Plus, earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases. No annual fee Read More > Build your credit with responsible use. 3 Your credit line will equal your deposit amount, starting at $ 200. 4 x % Standard Variable Purchase APR † applies. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Read Less > Learn More about the Discover it® Secured Credit Card Build your credit with responsible use. 3 Your credit line will equal your deposit amount, starting at $ 200. 4 x % Standard Variable Purchase APR † applies. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Discover it ® Student Chrome Credit Card ★★★★★ ★★★★★ x / 5 Average of x Reviews 5 See how we calculate our ratings Apply Now for the Discover it® Student Chrome Credit Card Learn More > about the Discover it® Student Chrome Credit Card Discover it ® Student Chrome Credit Card Unlimited Cashback Match Get an unlimited dollar-for-dollar match of all the cash back you earn at the end of your first year, automatically. There is no limit to how much we'll match. 1 Earn 2% Cashback Bonus ® at Gas Stations and Restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter, automatically. 2 Plus, earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases. No annual fee Read More > x % intro APR † for x months on purchases. Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Read Less > Learn More about the Discover it® Student Chrome Credit Card x % intro APR † for x months on purchases. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR will apply. Discover it ® Miles Credit Card ★★★★★ ★★★★★ x / 5 Average of x Reviews 5 See how we calculate our ratings Apply Now for the  Discover it® Miles Credit Card Learn More > about the Discover it® Miles Credit Card Discover it ® Miles Credit Card Unlimited Discover Match ® We'll automatically match all the Miles you've earned at the end of your first year. 1 There is no limit to how much we'll match. Earn 1.5x Miles on every dollar of every purchase 8 — from hotels to groceries and online shopping. No annual fee Read More > Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases and balance transfers. x % intro Balance Transfer Fee until x . Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to x % fee for future balance transfers will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Read Less > Learn More about the Discover it® Miles Credit Card Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases and balance transfers. x % intro Balance Transfer Fee until x . Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to x % fee for future balance transfers will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Discover it ® Chrome Gas & Restaurant Credit Card ★★★★★ ★★★★★ x / 5 Average of x Reviews 5 See how we calculate our ratings Apply Now for the Discover it® Chrome Gas & Restaurant Credit Card Learn More > about the Discover it® Chrome Gas & Restaurant Credit Card Discover it ® Chrome Gas & Restaurant Credit Card Unlimited Cashback Match Get an unlimited dollar-for-dollar match of all the cash back you earn at the end of your first year, automatically. There is no limit to how much we'll match. 1 Earn 2% Cashback Bonus ® at Gas Stations and Restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter, automatically. 2 Plus, earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases. No annual fee Read More > Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases and balance transfers and x % intro Balance Transfer Fee until x . Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to x % fee for future balance transfers will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Read Less > Learn More about the Discover it® Chrome Gas & Restaurant Credit Card Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases and balance transfers and x % intro Balance Transfer Fee until x . Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to x % fee for future balance transfers will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window NHL ® Discover it ® Credit Card ★★★★★ ★★★★★ Cards for all 32 teams Apply Now for the NHL® Discover it® Credit Card Learn More > about the NHL® Discover it® Credit Card NHL ® Discover it ® Credit Card Unlimited Cashback Match Get an unlimited dollar-for-dollar match of all the cash back you earn at the end of your first year, automatically. There is no limit to how much we'll match. 1 Earn 5% cash back on everyday purchases at different places you shop each quarter, up to the quarterly maximum when you activate. Plus, earn 1% cash back on all other purchases. No annual fee Read More > Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases and balance transfers and x % intro Balance Transfer Fee until x . Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to x % fee for future balance transfers will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window Read Less > Learn More about the NHL® Discover it® Credit Card Intro APR Offer x % intro APR † for x months on purchases and balance transfers and x % intro Balance Transfer Fee until x . Then x % to x % Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to x % fee for future balance transfers will apply. † See rates, rewards, fees, and other cost information > , Opens new window What to do before you apply for a credit card Look for top features and benefits Look for top features and benefits When you consider credit card offers, it's important to know whether you want a card with no annual fee , a balance transfer offer, cash rewards or travel rewards, a 0% introductory APR, enhanced security programs, or other benefits. Learn More Choose the best credit card for you Choose the best credit card for you Once you know the card features that matter to you, you can review the benefits of each credit card online and pick one most likely to approve someone with your credit score. Compare Credit Cards See if you're pre-approved See if you're pre-approved You might already be preapproved for a credit card that has everything you want — Discover makes it possible to find out before you submit a credit card application, and checking won't hurt your credit score. See if you're pre-approved light-theme dark-theme Credit Card FAQs Find information on Discover cards, how to apply for a credit card online, and more. What is a credit limit for a credit card? Your credit limit is the maximum amount of money you can use with your card to make purchases, balance transfers, etc. When you apply for a credit card, the bank or credit card company uses a variety of information to decide what credit limit they can offer. As you show responsible credit use, credit card issuers may increase your credit card limit. What credit score is needed to apply for a Discover Credit Card? Each Discover Card has its own credit score requirements. For example, the Discover it ® Card is usually a good fit for people with established credit. But the Discover it ® Secured Credit Card is designed for people looking to build a credit history or rebuild credit with responsible use. 3 Other factors, like income, may also influence your eligibility. No matter what card you choose, cardmembers earn Discover Card rewards on every purchase. Is Discover Card accepted everywhere? Discover is accepted nationwide by 99% of places that take credit cards. 7 You can earn rewards with Discover when you shop in-store or online, order take-out, fill up your gas tank, and much more. How can I improve my chances for approvals and higher credit limits when I apply for a credit card? Credit card companies consider a number of factors in their decision to approve your application, including your credit history and credit score, your income, and more. One of the simplest helpful credit habits is to make at least the minimum payment for all of your bills on time every month. What are the different types of Discover credit Cards? The Discover it ® platform offers a suite of credit cards featuring common benefits that we provide every customer, including cash back rewards, security features, and more. However, rewards and some extra benefits may vary from product to product to be sure we can give different customers what they need. Discover it ® Cash Back : earn Cashback Bonus ® rewards on purchases Discover it ® Miles : great for vacations or staycations Discover it ® Chrome Gas & Restaurants : earn cash back for eligible gas and restaurant purchases Discover it ® Secured Credit Card : build your credit history with responsible use 3 Discover it ® Student Cash Back : students earn rewards on purchases Discover it ® Chrome for Students : students earn rewards for eligible gas station and restaurant purchases NHL ® Discover it ® : rep your favorite team while earning rewards What are the best first credit cards to own? The best first credit card will typically be one that’s meant for someone new to credit to help them responsibly manage and use credit for the first time. If that sounds like you, a secured credit card may be a good option. For students new to credit, there are student credit cards designed more specifically for their needs and financial situation. However, you may also have an established credit history through another form of credit, like repaying an auto loan, and credit card issuers may approve you for other types of credit cards with more perks and better rewards even if this is your first credit card. Depending on your credit history and what you’re looking for with your first credit card, you may find you have more options to choose from. How can I prepare to apply for a credit card? If you’re thinking about getting a new credit card, you may want to start by checking your credit score. Different credit cards require different credit ratings for approval. Some cards are only for people with excellent credit or good credit. Other cards are great if you have fair credit or are building or rebuilding credit. Typically, the higher your score, the more credit card options you’ll have. A credit card comparison can help you choose the one that’s best for you. It's also a good idea to take advantage of online tools to see what offers you might qualify for. Check if you're pre-approved with no harm to your credit score 6 using Discover's pre-approval tool . When you find the card that’s right for you, remember a full credit card application may impact your credit score. How many Discover Credit Cards can I have? You can have two Discover credit cards at one time. With Discover, you can earn rewards on each eligible purchase, from cash back rewards for groceries to Miles for travel purchases. How can I view introductory credit card offers and find the best new credit card offers for me? You may receive credit card offers in the mail, by email, or online. To find the best fit, compare rewards, sign–up bonus or new member offers, benefits — such as security features to prevent fraud, APR (including introductory rates), fees, and credit limits. Look for rewards programs that line up with your spending habits. If you know you’ll use credit for groceries, gas, dining, or travel, you may be able to find a card that helps you earn more rewards in those categories. And look for welcome offers for new cardmembers that don't require a minimum spending amount. How can I apply for a credit card from Discover? You can apply for most Discover credit cards at Discover.com or by calling 1-800-DISCOVER (1-800-347-2683). Keep in mind that you must be at least 18 to apply. If you’re under age 21 or applying for a secured credit card, you’ll have to apply online. All Discover credit cards, including student cards, earn rewards on every eligible purchase — you can choose a credit card that earns cash back or miles. How does a credit card work? A credit card works by providing you with a revolving line of credit that you can access as needed. Every month, you’ll receive a statement telling you how much credit you've used and the minimum payment due if you choose not to repay the full balance. If you pay the statement balance in full by the due date each month, you won't be charged interest on purchases. Otherwise, your unpaid credit card balance accrues interest based on your APR. You can often earn a percentage of your eligible credit card purchases back as rewards, like miles or cash back. When you apply for a credit card, the credit card issuer will pull your credit report — which may result in a hard inquiry — and use it, along with other information you provide, such as your income, to decide whether to approve your application and what your credit limit may be. What’s the easiest Discover Credit Card to get? There’s no easy credit card to get. Credit card approval isn’t guaranteed and depends on many factors, like your credit history and income. If you have an established credit history and good credit score, you may find you can get approved for many cards. However, if you’re just starting your credit journey or want to rebuild your credit history with responsible use, 3 a Discover it ® Secured Card may be best for you. Similarly, students with limited or no credit history may find that a Discover Student Card fits their financial needs. And remember, every Discover credit card earns rewards on purchases. What are the benefits of Discover Credit Cards? Discover offers many benefits across our line of products. All Discover Cards offer rewards, either cash back or Miles, on each eligible purchase. Plus, only Discover automatically gives unlimited Cashback Match to all new cardmembers: we'll automatically match all the cash back you've earned at the end of your first year. 1 Also, Discover has no annual fee on any of our cards. We’re also serious about protecting your personal information, with benefits that include free Social Security number alerts , 9 $0 Fraud Liability Guarantee , 10 and more. Read more FAQs Explore credit cards by feature Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Card Offers Credit Cards for College Students Learn more about how credit cards work What Does Pre-Approved Mean? Learn how and why you may receive pre-approved credit card offers, what to look for, and how you can opt-out of pre-approved credit card offers. Applying For A Credit Card Online Learn how to apply for a credit card online, increase your chances of approval and protect your personal information while applying for credit cards online. What Credit Card Do I Qualify For? Find out which credit cards you qualify for by trying an online card pre-approved tool, checking doesn't impact your credit score and can personalize your offer. gjvp-1.
        
            
            gjvr-2.
        
            
            gjx4-3.
        
            
            rjqx-4.
        
            
            rjrm-5.
        
            
            kxpa-6.
        
            
            gjvv-7. dcit-1.
        
            dtic-2.
        
            dcmi-3.
        
            dsit-4.
        
            dtis-5.
        
            dcsc-6. The offer you are looking for isn't available, but see below to find the best Discover Card for you right now. Credit Card Quick Links All Credit Cards See if you're prequalified Respond to Mail Offer Check Application Status Cardmember Agreement Credit Card Benefits ATM Locator Credit Card Categories Cash Back Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Secured Credit Card Travel Credit Card Compare Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards Credit Card Features Balance Transfer Credit Cards Credit Cards to Build Credit No Annual Fee Credit Cards Intro APR Credit Cards Credit Cards for No Credit Instant Use Credit Cards Card Smarts & More Card Smarts Getting a Credit Card Using a Credit Card Credit Card Rewards Credit Card Interest Calculator Balance Transfer Calculator Rewards Rewards Credit Cards Cash Back Rewards 5% Cashback Bonus ® Refer a Friend More Discover Products Banking Personal Loans Debt Consolidation Identity Theft Protection Quicklinks Sitemap Terms of Use Accessibility Browser Support Privacy Your California Privacy Choices AdChoices Discover® Scholarship Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us About Discover Corporate Impact Investor Relations Newsroom Careers Accept Discover Inclusion & Belonging Follow Us on Twitter opens in a new window Like Us on Facebook opens in a new window Instagram opens in a new window Contact with Us on LinkedIn opens in a new window Discover Mobile App Equal Housing Lender ACCREDITED BUSINESS opens in a new tab Opens in a new window Member FDIC opens in a new tab Opens in a new window © Discover, a division of Capital One, N.A., Member FDIC . You are leaving Discover.com You are leaving Discover.com and entering a website operated by a third party. We are providing the link to this website for your convenience, or because we have a relationship with the third party. Discover, a division of Capital One, N.A., does not provide the products and services on the website. Please review the applicable privacy and security policies and terms and conditions for the website you are visiting. Discover does not guarantee the accuracy of any financial tools that may be available on the website or their applicability to your circumstances. For personal advice regarding your financial situation, please consult with a financial advisor. Continue Leave Discover.com and continue to external website Cancel › Cancel and return to Discover.com Close X Close and return to Discover.com .