BBC Wildlife Magazine: nature, conservation and wildlife watching About BBC Wildlife Contact us Competitions Animals Plants Holidays & Days Out How to Environment On The BBC Magazine Subscribe Home Can this brave prairie dog save his pups from being devoured by a deadly bull snake? Watch the brutal and heart-wrenching BBC footage to find out... A fearless prairie dog confronts a powerful bull snake to protect its pups in this tense encounter Show more Read Mammals Read more 11 greatest, most astounding wildlife discoveries and stories of 2025 revealed From a mega-nest of turtles and orcas using tools, to deep-sea sharks and 40,000-year-old mammoths, 2025 delivered some of the most astonishing wildlife discoveries ever. Show more Read Animal Facts Read more "Alan fired off a dart. Relatives clustered around her as the drug began taking effect, and within 15 minutes they were all sedated" if you struggle to control your pet, just imagine how difficult it is to move 80 stray elephants. Show more Read Mammals Read more Inside the world's most otherworldly wildlife destinations Read Travel Planner Read more Advertisement feature with 11 weirdest, bizarrest eyes on the planet, including a creature with a mystifying, danger-seeing third eye: Discover the eyes that take ordinary to extraordinary From chameleons that can see in multiple directions at once to stalk-eye flies, we uncover the secrets behind these extraordinary adaptations and see the world through their unique lenses Show more Read Animal Facts Read more "The sight is extraordinary and overwhelming. An entire beach studded with expectant mothers packed so tightly there’s barely room to step in between" How one solemn maternal quest has morphed into one of nature’s greatest spectacles Show more Read Reptiles Read more It may look like ice – but don't be fooled for this is a rare and alive eerie woodland phenomenon that even astounds the experts... Nick Baker takes a look at the weird phenomenon that produces hair ice, a rare winter wonder formed by a bit of alchemy magic Show more Read Fungi Read more Slow and deadly: 7 highly dangerous animals that barely move From venomous fish to languid reptiles, these slow animals prove that standing still can be a lethal strategy Show more Read Animal Facts Read more "First, it crawled around on the roof. Then it started pushing and clawing at the windows..." Photographer Isaac Szabo talks hellbenders, chub nests and bears on the roof Show more Read People & Wildlife Read more Can this vulnerable otter family survive an attack by a deadly caiman? Watch this astounding, brutal and heart-wrenching BBC footage to find out... The brutal BBC footage shows how giant otters use teamwork to bring down a fearsome predator far stronger than them Show more Read Mammals Read more Birds 10 fastest birds of prey in the world – able to reach speeds of almost 200 MPH, these deadly aerial predators strike in a blink of an eye Able to reach speeds of almost 200 MPH, these aerial predators are nature’s ultimate hunters Show more Read Birds Read more Watch agonising BBC footage of baby ostriches making a perilous journey for water and survival in the soaring heat of the Kalahari Desert Ostrich chicks race against time in the scorching Kalahari, crossing the vast Etosha Salt Pan in search of life-saving water Show more Read TV Read more 10 fastest birds on the planet, including one that can cruise at 169kph for hours From lightning-fast dives to marathon high-speed flight, these are the 10 fastest birds on Eart Show more Read Birds Read more The 12 birds of Christmas? Discover the birds hiding in the famous carol and their surprising stories It’s got doves, hens and, of course, a partridge, but Stephen Moss explores how a much-loved carol may be all about birds, plus why the robin rules Christmas. Show more Read Birds Read more Do all gulls live by the sea? Read Birds Read more Crushing bone, spearing fish, tearing flesh... These are the 6 deadliest bird beaks on the planet and they are highly effective lethal weapons Discover the strongest, most lethal beaks on Earth. Show more Read Birds Read more More birds How to identify wildlife Red squirrel vs grey squirrel: Think you know how they differ? Think again as the differences between these two squirrels will surprise you We take a look at how the red squirrel differs to its American grey cousin Show more Read Mammals Read more Brown rat or water vole: How to tell the difference between these two lookalike-rodents When all you've seen is a flash of brown fur, it can be hard to know whether it was a water vole or rat. Though the two species tend to live in different habitats, there are areas where they overlap, potentially leading to cases of mistaken identity. So how do you tell rats and water voles apart? Show more Read Identify Wildlife Read more Mink or otter? What's the difference between these two slippery, semiaquatic lookalikes? How do you tell the difference between otters and mink? Show more Read Identify Wildlife Read more LRPs, PG Tips and Jizz: Cracking the secret language of birders You’re sitting in a hide and overhear other birders talking. The conversation ranges from ‘LRPs’ and ‘roosting Leos’ and you scratch your chin as you try to decipher their code – welcome to the world of birding jargon. Show more Read Identify Wildlife Read more It's the fastest animal in the world and its deadly claws can catch prey mid-air: Meet one of the world's most incredible birds of prey Peregrines are the ultimate urban predator. Learn all about them, including how to spot them ‘stooping’ to catch prey Show more Read Birds Read more Save 30% when you subscribe to BBC Wildlife Magazine, plus receive Simon Barnes’ latest release, Spring is the Only Season Save 30% when you subscribe to BBC Wildlife Magazine, plus receive Simon Barnes’ latest release, Spring is the Only Season Show more Read How To Read more Plants On the brink of disappearing forever: Kew Gardens reveal the world’s rarest, most threatened plants We take a look at 10 rare plants on the brink of extinction (or already extinct) in the wild, with the experts at Kew Gardens Show more Read Plant Facts Read more 10 animal killer plants that trap and devour their prey Not all carnivores have teeth… Read on to learn about 10 ingenious - and deadly - meat-eating carnivorous plants. Show more Read Plant Facts Read more Nature’s hidden miracle workers: 7 ecosystem engineers quietly transforming the planet From beavers to parrotfish, ecosystem engineers have a profound impact on their surrounding ecosystem and the other wildlife within it. Show more Read Animal Facts Read more After nuclear disaster, sunflowers were planted. And they could transform the landscape in a very interesting way From golden fields to buzzing pollinators, the sunflower is more than just a pretty face – it’s a powerhouse of nature that could help clean nuclear pollution Show more Read Flowers Read more More plants Facebook X-Platform Instagram Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Code of conduct Licensing Subscription Find Us Manage preferences This website is owned and published by Our Media Ltd. www.ourmedia.co.uk © Our Media 2025