Skip to content

Get the guide to creating safe online communities. Download now!

About
Features
Discover
Enterprise
Pricing
Resources
Get Started
English
The online home for your community

A powerful platform for support, teamwork, and everything community

Start your free trial
You’re in good company

Discourse now powers over 22,000 online communities of all shapes and sizes, including:

Find more Discourse communities
It’s been such a privilige to work with you guys over the years. I can’t stress how exceptional it was to have such friendly and knowledagble suppliers to work with. Huge props! Not only did you make this project possible, you made it thoroughly enjoyable!
Tristan Robinson
Project Manager at Hella
Discourse is a world-class, modern, community platform that has been my choice for many of my clients. What’s more, they are a great team, and continuously innovate in making Discourse even better year-after-year. Highly recommended!
Jono Bacon
Community Strategy Consultant and Author of People Powered
The more we get to know the Discourse platform, the more we fall in love with it. It’s simple and intuitive, but much more powerful than you imagine. We don’t know how many times we got lost cruising around checking out all the features. And, as a plus, we really enjoy working with the Discourse team.
  
Read more success stories
Thriving communities made easy
Learn more about our features →
Find your theme →
Features for every use case
Discourse enables thoughtful discussion and meaningful connections with features for every use case, from tracking product feedback to sharing your latest creations, now with the added support of AI.
Endless ways to customize
Keep your forum on brand, integrate with your tech stack, and optimize forum features for engagement.
Quick chats and thoughtful discussions
An integrated experience for chat and long form discussions enables members to build relationships while your community builds knowledge.
Powerful moderation tools
Keep the discussion healthy, on-track, and free from any inappropriate content with our best-in-class moderation tools and AI.

I use Discourse every single day. It’s a wonder!

Seth Godin
Entrepreneur, Author & Teacher
Start your free trial
A community you own
Fully open source
The entire Discourse codebase is open and freely available to the public—forever.
Truly portable data
No matter where your forum lives, you retain full ownership of your data.

No lock-in, no hidden fees, no data sent to advertisers.
Unlimited conversation history
Always have full access to your community’s conversation history—no questions asked.
Managed forum hosting from $20/month
Start your free trial
Discourse is 100% free, open source forum software. Forever.
 Install from GitHub
Trusted by Enterprise customers

You get the infrastructure and support needed to ensure the success of your unique community

Learn more

Discourse is the most amazing thing we have ever used. We have never experienced software so reliable. Ever.

Jonathan Bulava
Developer Advocacy at Twitch
World-class hosted customer support

With our responsive and helpful technical advocates by your side,
no problem goes unconquered.

I wanna shout out the team at @discourse. Often we see Twitter used as a resource to commiserate on bad experiences with services but it’s wonderful to amplify the extraordinary. Every time I’ve needed help, the team at Discourse has been super responsive and helpful. Y’all rock.
Hayley Rosenblum
@HayleyFiasco
Over 2.1 million posts created and 1.3 billion page views served in November on our hosting!
Sign up for our newsletter!

Get community tips and product updates delivered to your inbox

We’ll use your email to send you the latest news, updates, and marketing communications from Discourse. Don’t worry, we won’t share your email with anyone else and you can opt-out anytime by clicking “unsubscribe”.

Discourse is 100% free, open-source forum software. Forever. Meet the team that builds it.
®
Features & Pricing
Pricing
Features
Plugins
Chat
Discourse AI
Migrations
Integrations
API
Discourse Hub
Company
What is Discourse?
Who we are
Customers
Wall of love
Partners
Careers
Blog
Legal Terms & Notices
Community & Support
Ask Discourse
Discover
Demo Sandbox
Contact us
Releases

Content is by-nc-sa, Discourse® and Discourse Forum™, Copyright © 2025 Civilized Discourse Construction Kit, Inc. All rights reserved.

Built with love, Internet style | Privacy Information | Copyright Policy | Accessibility | Status | Sales Tax | Referral Promotion Terms