Working at DISNEY - Disney Careers Skip to main content Search Jobs Menu Job Alerts Saved Jobs 0 0 Search Jobs EN View this page in: 繁體中文 (CN) English (EN) Español (ES) Français (FR) 日本語 (JA) Português (PT-BR) Career Areas BACK Career Areas As part of The Walt Disney Company, you will contribute to the stories and experiences that touch the lives of people around the globe. View All Career Areas Sign Up for Job Alerts JOB CATEGORIES Business Support & Operations Business Development Human Resources Consumer Products Creative & Content Development Finance Data & Analytics Guest Service & Operations Maritime & Cruise Operations Technology Marketing & Communications Sales & Distribution Operations Support Production & Entertainment Life At Disney Candidate Resources BACK Candidate Resources Explore resources that can help guide and inform you on your candidate journey. Candidate Resources Culture & Values Our Mission Inclusion Environmental Sustainability Hiring Process Disability Accommodations Students & Recent Graduates BACK Students & Recent Graduates Explore how you can be part of the story, in a Disney Program. View all Disney Programs U.S. Opportunities Disney College Program Disney Culinary Program Disney Internships Disney International Programs Global Opportunities Explore Global Opportunites Your Story Starts Here! Keywords Location Search Jobs Discover the Possibilities Home to iconic brands recognized by audiences everywhere for entertainment, inspiration, and innovation, Disney has brought exceptional storytelling and experiences to life for more than 100 years in a way that only we can. Imagine being part of this story. Imagine where a career at Disney can take you! Career Areas Students & Recent Graduates Featured Jobs No jobs were found. View All Jobs OUR LEGACY IN STORIES GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES The Walt Disney Company entertains, informs and inspires people around the globe through the power of unparalleled storytelling to create experiences that are both universally and locally cherished. NORTH AMERICA From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to a preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, we proudly continue our legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Our operations in North America span over 10 decades and encompass our three core business segments: Disney Entertainment, ESPN and Disney Experiences. Explore Jobs (North America) LATIN AMERICA We are the leading family entertainment company in Latin America and have been present in the region since the 1940s when Walt Disney himself first traveled to the area to create the company’s sixth animated film “Saludos Amigos.” Today, the business is expansive with offices in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and the U.S. (Miami) – all working together to enrich people’s lives through storytelling and experiences. Explore Jobs (Latin America) EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA In Europe, Middle East and Africa, we have been creating exceptional entertainment experiences for over 90 years. Through our diverse portfolio of businesses, we focus on delivering our unique brand of world-class storytelling to millions of consumers across more than 130 countries in strategic and locally relevant ways, employing thousands throughout the region. Explore Jobs (Europe, Middle East and Africa) ASIA PACIFIC For more than 70 years, we have been entertaining consumers in Asia Pacific. Today’s consumer can discover new branded experiences in so many ways – from Disney+ to our movies, consumer products, stores, parks, games, books and so much more. Our talented team of employees operates across the Asia-Pacific region, in Australia, New Zealand, Greater China, Japan, Korea and Southeast Asia. Explore Jobs (Asia Pacific) Explore Mainland China Jobs Featuring top honors across industries to exciting announcements from around the world, check out the latest on how we’re leading the way in media, entertainment and experiences. View Recent News OUR BUSINESSES At Disney, our world-class portfolio of brands and businesses work in unison to deliver the creative excellence, innovative technologies, and unforgettable experiences that audiences of all ages have come to cherish for over 100 years. Explore where the next chapter of your career story could begin. Learn More About Our Businesses View all jobs (The Walt Disney Studios) Learn more about The Walt Disney Studios View all jobs (ESPN) Learn more about ESPN View all jobs (Lucasfilm) Learn more about Lucasfilm View all jobs (National Geographic) Learn more about National Geographic View all jobs (Walt Disney Animation Studios) Learn more about Walt Disney Animation Studios View all jobs (Pixar Animation Studios) Learn more about Pixar Animation Studios View all jobs (Marvel Studios) Learn more about Marvel Studios View all jobs (Disney Theatrical Group) Learn more about Disney Theatrical Group View all jobs (20th Century Studios) Learn more about 20th Century Studios View all jobs (Searchlight Pictures) Learn more about Searchlight Pictures View all jobs (ABC Entertainment) Learn more about ABC Entertainment View all jobs (ABC News) Learn more about ABC News View all jobs (ABC Owned Television Stations) Learn more about ABC Owned Television Stations View all jobs (Disney Branded Television) Learn more about Disney Branded Television View all jobs (Freeform) Learn more about Freeform View all jobs (FX) Learn more about FX View all jobs (Disney+) Learn more about Disney+ View all jobs (Hulu) Learn more about Hulu View all jobs (Disney Music Group) Learn more about Disney Music Groups View all jobs (ESPN+) Learn more about ESPN+ View all jobs (Disneyland Resort) Learn more about Disneyland Resort View all jobs (Walt Disney World) Learn more about Walt Disney World View all jobs (Shanghai Disney Resort) Learn more about Shanghai Disney Resort View all jobs (Disneyland Paris) Learn more about Disneyland Paris View all jobs (Tokyo Disney Resort) Learn more about Tokyo Disney Resort View all jobs (Hong Kong Disneyland) Learn more about Hong Kong Disneyland View all jobs (Disney Cruise Line) Learn more about Disney Cruise Line View all jobs (Disney Vacation Club) Learn more about Disney Vacation Club View all jobs (Aulani, A Disney Resort & Spa) Learn more about Aulani, A Disney Resort & Spa View all jobs (Adventures by Disney) Learn more about Adventures by Disney View all jobs (Walt Disney Imagineering) Learn more about Walt Disney Imagineering View all jobs (Disney Publishing Worldwide) Learn more about Disney Publishing Worldwide View all jobs (Disney Store and shopDisney) Learn more about Disney Store and shopDisney OUR CULTURE Our people are at the heart of everything we do here at Disney. They fuel our business, power our storytelling, uphold our strong legacy, and foster good in our communities. We are committed to being a welcoming, respectful, and empowering home to talent from all around the world. Learn More about our culture INCLUSION At Disney, we want everyone to belong and thrive. Creating a welcoming and respectful environment for our employees and guests is core to our company culture and our business. Learn More BENEFITS Because our employees and cast members are at the heart of everything we do, Disney offers a competitive total rewards package that includes pay, health and savings benefits, time-off programs, educational opportunities and more. Learn More COMMUNITY Through financial contributions, collaboration with nonprofit organizations, in-kind donations and employee volunteering, we bring positive, meaningful, and measurable impact to our communities around the world. Learn More Sign Up for Job Alerts Get the latest job opportunities as they become available. Sign Up Notice on Recruitment Scams We have been made aware of recent internet scams involving individuals falsely stating that they are recruiting for positions within The Walt Disney Company asking for personal information and/or money as part of our interview process. Our recruiters will only contact you from an official company email address including: @disney.com, @espn.com, @lucasfilm.com, @ilm.com, @pixar.com or @abc.com. They will not request funds or payment in any form or personal information such as photos of government-issued identification. If you receive a suspicious email, we advise you to mark the email as junk or spam so that your email provider will block them. Close Watch Our Jobs An asterisk indicates a required field. Interested In Select a job category from the list of options. Select a location from the list of options. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert. Job Category Select a Job Category Administration Animation and Visual Effects Architecture and Design Asset Management Banking Building Construction and Facilities Building, Construction and Facilities Business Strategy and Development Call Center Communications Creative Culinary Data Science and Analytics Disneyland Resort Casting Hourly Engineering Finance and Accounting Food and Beverage Gaming and Interactive Governmental Affairs Graphic Design Health Services Horticulture and Landscape Horticulture and Landscaping Hotel and Resorts Human Resources Legal and Business Affairs Licensing Maritime and Cruise Operations Marketing and Digital Media Merchandising Operations Production Project Management Publishing Quality Assurance Research and Development Retail Operations Sales Sciences and Animal Programs Security Social Responsibility Sports and Recreation Stage Productions Supply Chain Management Talent Technology Theme Park Operations Walt Disney World Casting Hourly Location Select Location Anaheim, California Bangkok, Bangkok Bay Lake, Florida Bengaluru, Karnataka Branson, Missouri Bristol, Connecticut Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires F.D. Burbank, California Celebration, Florida Charlotte, North Carolina Chessy, Île-de-France Region Chiba, Chiba City of Taguig, Metro Manila Coupvray, Île-de-France Region Destin, Florida Dublin, Leinster Elizabeth, New Jersey Emeryville, California Glendale, California Hilton Head Island, South Carolina Ho Chi Minh City, Ho Chi Minh Iver Heath, England Jakarta, Jakarta Special Capital Region Kapolei, Hawaii Kissimmee, Florida Kwun Tong, Kwun Tong Lake Buena Vista, Florida Lantau Island, Islands District Las Vegas, Nevada Livermore, California London, England Los Angeles, California Madrid, Madrid Marne-la-Vallée, Île-de-France Region Mexico City, Mexico City Milan, Lombardy Minato-ku, Tokyo Montévrain, Île-de-France Region Moore Park, New South Wales Morrisville, North Carolina Mumbai, Maharashtra Munich, Bavaria New York, New York Nicasio, California Orlando, Florida Palm Desert, California Papenburg, Lower Saxony Paris, Île-de-France Region Petaling Jaya, Selangor Ramat Gan, Tel Aviv Rancho Mirage, California Richmond, Victoria San Antonio, Texas San Francisco, California Santa Monica, California São Paulo, São Paulo Seattle, Washington Seoul, Seoul Serris, Île-de-France Region Sevierville, Tennessee Singapore, Sydney, New South Wales The Woodlands, Texas Tlalpan, Mexico City Tulalip, Washington Vancouver, British Columbia Washington, DC West Hollywood, California Zurich, Canton of Zurich Job Level Select Professional Operations / Production Management Internships / Programs Business Support / Administrative Executive Add Remove First Name Last Name Email Address Country/Region of Residence Select Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Great Britain Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Antilles Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan Da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French Part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Eustatius Sint Maarten (Dutch Part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Tahiti Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe By clicking "Submit", you agree to our Terms of Use (opens in new window) and acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy (opens in new window) . By clicking "Submit", you agree to our Terms of Use (opens in new window) and acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy (opens in new window) . If I have elected to receive marketing messages or newsletters, I may withdraw my consent for these marketing messages at any time. By clicking "Submit", you agree to our Terms of Use (opens in new window) and acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy (opens in new window) , Cookies Policy (opens in new window) and EU Privacy Rights (opens in new window) . More How we use your personal information and your rights: Your personal information is controlled by The Walt Disney Company Limited of 3 Queen Caroline Street, London, W6 9PE, United Kingdom. When you visit or shop with Disney or use any Disney product, service or mobile application, other members of The Walt Disney Company Family of Companies may also use your information to provide you these services, personalise your experience and send you service related updates and communications. You have a number of rights including the right to request access to, change, or remove your personal information, or to change your marketing preferences (including withdrawing your consent at any time.) Please see our Privacy Policy (opens in new window) to learn more about managing your marketing preferences or deleting your account. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by emailing: dataprotection@disney.co.uk . You have a right to lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner's Office: https://ico.org.uk/ (opens in new window) . For more information about Disney's data collection and use practices please read Disney's Privacy Policy (opens in new window) . By clicking "Submit", you agree to our Terms of Use (opens in new window) and acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy (opens in new window) and Collection Statement (opens in new window) . For more information about our general data collection, use, and practices, including how to manage your preferences, please read our Privacy Policy (opens in new window) . I have read and agree to the Terms of Use (opens in new window) . Privacy Policy Agreement Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Agreement I have read and agree to the Terms of Use (opens in new window) . I have read and understood the Privacy Policy (opens in new window) and understand the nature of my consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of my personal data and the consequences of such consent. I agree that The Walt Disney Company (Southeast Asia) Pte. Limited may share personal information which it collects within The Walt Disney Family of Companies and their respective successors, assignees, and transferees. Privacy Policy Agreement Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Agreement I have read and agree to the Terms of Use (opens in new window) . I have read and understood the Privacy Policy (opens in new window) and Supplemental Privacy Policy for Singapore (opens in new window) , and understand the nature of my consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of my personal data and the consequences of such consent. I agree that The Walt Disney Company (Southeast Asia) Pte. Limited may share personal information which it collects within The Walt Disney Family of Companies and their respective successors, assignees, and transferees. Privacy Policy Agreement Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Agreement I have read and agree to the Terms of Use (opens in new window) . I have read and understood the Privacy Policy (opens in new window) and Supplemental Privacy Policy for Malaysia (opens in new window) , and understand the nature of my consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of my personal data and the consequences of such consent. I agree that The Walt Disney Company (Southeast Asia) Pte. Limited may share personal information which it collects within The Walt Disney Family of Companies and their respective successors, assignees, and transferees. Privacy Policy Agreement Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Agreement I have read and agree to the Terms of Use (opens in new window) . I have read and understood the Privacy Policy (opens in new window) and Supplemental Privacy Policy for Philippines (opens in new window) , and understand the nature of my consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of my personal data and the consequences of such consent. I agree that The Walt Disney Company (Southeast Asia) Pte. Limited may share personal information which it collects within The Walt Disney Family of Companies and their respective successors, assignees, and transferees. Privacy Policy Agreement Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Agreement I have read and agree to the Terms of Use (opens in new window) . I have read and understood the Privacy Policy (opens in new window) and Supplemental Privacy Policy for Thailand (opens in new window) , and understand the nature of my consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of my personal data and the consequences of such consent. I agree that The Walt Disney Company (Southeast Asia) Pte. Limited may share personal information which it collects within The Walt Disney Family of Companies and their respective successors, assignees, and transferees. Confirm Email Submit FOLLOW US Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Jobs By Location Jobs By Category Jobs By Business Area Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Interest-Based Ads Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Current Employees, Apply at MyDisneyCareer The Walt Disney Company and its Affiliated Companies are Equal Employment Opportunity employers and welcome all job seekers including individuals with disabilities and veterans with disabilities. If you have a disability and believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or apply for a position, visit the Disney candidate disability accommodations FAQs. We will only respond to those requests that are related to the accessibility of the online application system due to a disability. REGIONAL CAREER SITES BY LANGUAGE Simplified Chinese Traditional Chinese French German Japanese Portuguese Spanish © Disney, All Rights Reserved