Disroot | Disroot.org Show navigation Hide navigation home About services Email Cloud Audio CryptPad XMPP Chat Pads Bin Upload Search Calls Forgejo Akkoma Translate Scribe Contact Community Donate Perks Blog Tutorials FAQ Dis`root´ 1. To tear up the roots of, or by the roots; hence, to tear from a foundation; to uproot. Disroot is a platform providing online services based on principles of freedom, privacy, federation and decentralization. No tracking, no ads, no profiling, no data mining! SIGN UP Disroot relies on donations and support from its community and users of services. If you would like to keep the project going and help create space for potential new disrooters, please use any of the methods available to make a financial contribution. Donate Domain linking is available for regular supporters and you can also support us by buying extra email storage space and/or extra cloud storage space. You can access all our services through the links below or use the Android Disroot app to help you get started. Email Free and secure email accounts for your desktop IMAP client or via a Web-interface. Log in Cloud Your data under your control! Collaborate, sync & share files, calendars, contacts and more. Log in XMPP Chat Decentralized instant messaging. Log in Pad Create and edit documents collaboratively in real-time directly in the web browser. Start a pad Paste Bin Encrypted online paste-bin/discussion board. E2EE Share a pastebin Upload Encrypted, temporary file hosting and sharing software. E2EE Share a file Search An anonymous multi search engine platform. Search Calls A videoconferencing tool. Start a call Git A code hosting and project collaboration. Log in Audio A low latency, high quality voice chat application. Info CryptPad A private-by-design alternative to popular office tools. E2EE Access Akkoma A microblogging tool that can federate with other servers that support ActivityPub. Log in Translate A translation application. Access D·Scribe A link aggregation and discussion platform that can federate with other servers that support ActivityPub. Access Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Change­log Tor Onion