Dissent | A magazine of politics and culture menu Login About Us Magazine Online Blog Podcasts Events Subscribe Store Donate Fall 2025 Subscribe Magazine Online Blog Podcasts Events Store Logout About Us Donate Contact Advertise Newsletter Know Your Enemy: Trump’s Big, Beautiful Ballroom Know Your Enemy: Trump’s Big, Beautiful Ballroom Matthew Sitman and Sam Adler-Bell A conversation with Kate Wagner about Trump’s White House ballroom project and the politics of architecture. Dissent in 2025 Editors ▪ December 23, 2025 Our most read articles this year. The Child-Care Challenge Atossa Araxia Abrahamian ▪ December 16, 2025 To expand child care, New York needs more space, more caregivers, and more government workers. It can only happen if the city works closely with existing (and aspiring) providers. Solace and Solidarity on the Factory Floor S.D. “Sabrì” Hodell ▪ Fall 2025 Wang Bing’s Youth is an epic work of people’s history writ small. Know Your Enemy: One Podcast After Another Matthew Sitman and Sam Adler-Bell ▪ December 9, 2025 Matt and Sam are joined by Know Your Enemy ’s intrepid producer, Jesse Brenneman, to discuss the recent film One Battle After Another . Public Debilitation Suzanne Kahn ▪ Fall 2025 Rebuilding government decision-making power requires not just removing veto points, but also addressing the outsized corporate power that gives the wealthy the best access to policymakers. Partyism Without the Party Chris Maisano ▪ November 25, 2025 Zohran Mamdani’s victory was rooted in organizations that took up the base-building and mobilization functions that once fell to parties. Know Your Enemy: The Furious Minds of MAGA Matthew Sitman and Sam Adler-Bell ▪ November 24, 2025 Matt and Sam talk to Laura K. Field about her new book, Furious Minds: The Making of the MAGA New Right . The Case for a Third Reconstruction K. Sabeel Rahman ▪ Fall 2025 The scale and depth of the attack on our institutions means that there is no simple way for a pro-democracy coalition to flip the lights back on after Trump. We need transformative thinking. Coalition Socialism Chris Maisano ▪ Fall 2025 The intertwined relationship between liberalism and socialism offers important lessons for today’s fractious intra-left fights. Know Your Enemy: Zohran, the Jews, and Reckoning with Gaza Matthew Sitman and Sam Adler-Bell ▪ November 11, 2025 Matt and Sam talk to Peter Beinart about Zohran and Islamophobia, Jews and antisemitism, the genocide in Gaza, and more. Zohran’s Promise Nikhil Pal Singh ▪ November 5, 2025 The Mamdani campaign extended the arena of political participation to ordinary and unseen people of every place and pursuit. The challenge going forward will be sustaining faith in the idea that the city is ours to make. Know Your Enemy: Break Glass in Case of Emergency Matthew Sitman and Sam Adler-Bell ▪ November 4, 2025 Matt and Sam are very worried. [VIDEO] How Will Zohran Govern? Editors ▪ October 30, 2025 A conversation with Chi Ossé, Cea Weaver, and J.W. Mason. The Strongman Illusion Aslı Iğsız ▪ Fall 2025 Turkey’s slide into authoritarianism was facilitated by collaborators, enablers, and an inept opposition. ¿Por Qué MAGA? Manuel Pastor ▪ Fall 2025 Progressives will only make lasting progress with Latino voters if they examine not just why Trump was appealing, but also why the left was not. New issue and subscribe button Subscribe Social media buttons — updated Newsletter Sign up for the Dissent newsletter: Leave this field empty if you're human: sidebar ads About Contact Advertise Donate Subscribe Facebook Twitter Newsletter This website and its content © Dissent Magazine 2026. All rights reserved.