AP & AR
Spend & Expense
Accounting Firms
Solutions
Resources
Company
Pricing
Login
Get Started
BILL SPEND & EXPENSE
Card first. Software second. Expense reports, never.

BILL Spend & Expense combines a powerful company card with AI-powered expense management software to streamline reporting and give you more strategic control over spend.

The BILL Divvy Card may be issued by one of Divvy Pay, LLC's bank partners. The BILL Divvy Card is not a deposit product. For your specific lender, see your Card Agreement.

Get started
Control Budgets | Manage Spend | Get Credit
Get Started
By continuing, you agree to BILL's Terms of Service and Privacy Notice.
TRUSTED BY MILLIONS OF BUSINESSES ACROSS THE BILL NETWORK
Control. Simplify. Save.

BILL Spend & Expense is the all-in-one expense management solution that combines free AI-enhanced software with access to the BILL Divvy Card* to provide you with real-time visibility and customizable control over your business finances.

Business credit

BILL makes it easy to access the funding you need, no matter the size of your business. Apply online now.

Learn More
Expense management

AI-powered auto-categorization and receipt matching streamline your expenses. No more expense reports. No more wasted time.

Learn More
Budget management

Take control of your budgets and start spending smarter with customizable spend controls and policies.

Learn More
Mobile app

Enable your team with the tools they need to spend smarter on the go and easily complete transactions in real-time.

Learn More
Virtual cards

Protect your business from fraud and overspending with BILL Divvy Card virtual cards.

Learn More
Reimbursements

Track out-of-pocket expenses and manage reimbursements all in one place with BILL Spend & Expense.

Learn More
*The BILL Divvy Card may be issued by one of Divvy Pay, LLC's bank partners.
  The BILL Divvy Card is not a deposit product. For your specific lender, see your Card Agreement.
BILL Spend & Expense.
Built smarter.

With AI working behind the scenes, BILL Spend & Expense helps you close faster, stay accurate, and focus on growth—not data entry.

Learn More

‍

Boost security

Predictive AI monitors your transactions in real time to detect suspicious activity and stop fraud in its tracks. And with our intelligent approach to vendor onboarding and validation, you can safely add vendors with confidence.

Ensure accuracy

Powered by 300M transactions across our network, BILL’s AI processes over 5M predictions every day—delivering 95% day-one accuracy in auto-capturing key invoice fields.

Supercharge efficiency

With AI-driven categorization and receipt matching, manual entry shrinks and accuracy soars, so you can avoid costly errors and close your books in record time—every time

Fuel growth

BILL AI isn’t bolted onto one product—it's embedded across your workflows, delivering intelligent automation that cuts silos, connects workflows, and clears the path to growth.

What our customers are saying
“BILL Spend & Expense allows us to close our month end books in days rather than weeks.”
Jeff Vandergiessen
CEO
Amplio
“We save so much time on expense reports, and we've been able to capitalize on rewards to pay for almost $10,000 worth of travel costs recently!”
Carrie Leggins
Director of Operations
Locke
“It has made a big impact on our ability to distribute funds, track, and give autonomy to our departments. It's super user friendly and I like the rewards as well.”
Heather Amann
CFO
Better Learning Therapies
Get rewarded

Earn rewards and take advantage of flexible redemption offerings that put money back in your pocket.*

Cash back

‍

Travel

‍

Statement credit

‍

Gift cards
Learn More

*Terms apply

Built to integrate with your finance tech stack

BILL connects with leading accounting software and other financial process tools, helping you to reduce manual entry, speed up account reconciliation, and simplify every step of your workflow.

Explore Integrations
Why customers love BILL Spend & Expense
*Based on a survey of 127 BILL Spend & Expense users conducted by
  UserEvidence in March 2022.
$10,630
average monthly savings.
94%
of users would recommend BILL to a friend.
12 hours
average monthly time savings.
Free software combined with flexible credit*

That’s right. BILL Spend & Expense’s world-class spend management software is free.

No hidden fees or contracts

‍

As many physical and virtual cards as you need

‍
Highly-rated, full-featured mobile app for all users
Request a Demo

*Credit lines and the advertised range are not guaranteed and will be determined upon application approval

Resources to fuel your success
View All Blogs
Spend Management
How 12 enterprise companies transformed spend culture with financial automation
Build stronger spend accountability with clear policies, automation, and real-time controls tailored for enterprise controllers from BILL.
Read More
Spend Management
Credit card rewards: your guide to business credit card cash back & points
Maximize your business credit card rewards. Compare programs, avoid common mistakes, and earn more from every purchase.
Read More
Spend Management
Organizing uber travel receipts for expense reporting
Learn how to organize Uber travel receipts for expense tracking, and how BILL Spend & Expense makes Uber travel receipt management effortless.
Read More
FUTURE INNOVATIONS
The start of unstoppable

 BILL is reshaping how businesses move, manage, and maximize their money. 
The future of finance is intelligent.

AI agents are here.
More are on the way.

The BILL AI agents are here to help you cut busywork—and we’re just getting started. There are more ways to amplify your impact already in the works, with accuracy you can trust and control that stays in your hands.

Leave the manual baggage.
BILL has travel plans.

Managing travel spend can be ‌messy—lost receipts, manual uploads, and over-budget bookings. Next stop: more intelligent tools aimed to make business travel effortless for employees and stress-free for admins.

Global scale.
Local simplicity.

BILL already powers payments to 130+ countries and moves over 1% of US GDP. The next chapter: making it as simple for businesses to pay and manage vendors around the world as it is to do business next door.

See where AI-powered financial automation can take your business
Request a Demo
Product
Accounts Payable
Accounts Receivable
Spend & Expense
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Integrations Overview
Plans & Pricing
Security
BILL AP & AR
Approvals
Controls
Procurement
Invoicing
API
Mobile App
Accountant Console
Product Demo
1099 Filing
BILL Spend & Expense
Expense Management
Budget Management
Business Credit
Corporate Card
Virtual Card
Reimbursements
Rewards
Mobile App
Payments Services
Reporting Insights
Product Demo
Apply for the BILL Divvy Card
Integrations
QuickBooks
Sage Intacct
Oracle Netsuite
Microsoft Dynamics
Xero
Slack
HRIS
Payments
ACH
International Payments
Pay By Card
Network Payments
Solutions
Small Businesses
Midsize Companies
BILL for Suppliers
Construction
Education
Healthcare
Hospitality
Manufacturing
Multi-Entity Solutions
Nonprofits
Professional Services
Retail and Ecommerce
Software and Technology
Resources
Accountant Resource Center
Learning Center
Blog
Webinars
Guides
Business Templates
Customer Stories
Compare
Developers
BILL Product Updates
Company
Leadership
Investors
Press Releases
Newsroom
Careers
We're Hiring!
Contact Us
Support
Partners
Accounting Firms
Wealth Management
Banks
Partner Programs
AP & AR:
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice
Spend & Expense:
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice
Legal
Licenses and Authorizations
Acceptable Use Policy
Website Terms of Use
BILL Network Rules
Accessibility Statement
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
BILL occasionally uses AI-generated images in marketing materials for illustrative purposes only.
BILL AP/AR services are provided by Bill.com LLC; Spend & Expense services are provided by Divvy Pay LLC; The BILL Divvy Card may be issued by one of Divvy Pay, LLC's bank partners. The BILL Divvy Card is not a deposit product. For your specific lender, see your Card Agreement.
©2025 BILL Operations, LLC. BILL, the BILL logo, and the “b” logo are trademarks of BILL Operations, LLC. All other company names and brands are the property of their respective owners.
We use various tracking technologies to improve your experience, analyze our traffic, and personalize ads. Information about your site visit may be stored or shared with third parties as described in our Privacy Notice.
Manage Cookies
 