Play DivX files. Free video software to play, convert and cast video. Skip to content Language Switcher Language English Français ( French ) Deutsch ( German ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Português ( Portuguese (Brazil) ) Español ( Spanish ) Software Download Software DivX Pro Devices DivX Devices In-Car Playback Device Registration Licensing Technology Licensing IP Licensing Company About DivX Leadership Blog Press 25 Years Careers Brand Contact Us Support Get Support Device Registration DivX Resources Technology Glossary Partner Support FREE DOWNLOAD The Power of a Billion With 1.5 billion DivX Software downloads, and 2 billion devices licensed for DivX playback, DivX pioneered the digital video experience. DivX Software About DivX GET TODAY! Download the best version of DivX Software today! Get an unparalleled video experience with an advanced video player and video converter . All for free. LEARN MORE × Your browser does not support the video tag. Digital Video Pioneers For 25 years, DivX has been creating innovative technology to provide stunning entertainment experiences for people around the world. See how we’ve helped set the standard for high-quality digital video. ABOUT DIVX 2001 2001 First Video On Demand (VOD) service launched selling movies in the DivX format. 2003 2003 First Tier One DivX Certified devices shipped containing DivX SDKs. 2006 2006 Launched Stage 6, a high-quality video sharing community to watch and download video. 2011 2011 DivX Plus Streaming released for video streaming devices 2013 2013 Over 1 billion DivX Certified playback devices shipped worldwide. 2016 2016 Facilitated the first ever live 4K streaming event. 2024 2024 DivX 11 launched delivering ideal video playback and converting. DivX Support Connect with our support team or use the community forums to get the most out of your DivX software or device. Or check out how to convert video to MP4 with free DivX Software. GET SUPPORT Send me the DivX Newsletter! Get exclusive updates, deals, tips and more. Home Software Devices Company Support DivX Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2025 DivX, LLC. All rights reserved. DivX® and associated logos are trademarks of DivX, LLC or its affiliates. Software ▾ Download Software DivX Pro Devices ▾ DivX Devices In-Car Playback Device Registration Licensing ▾ Technology Licensing IP Licensing Company ▾ About DivX Leadership Blog Press 25 Years Careers Brand Contact Us Support ▾ Get Support Device Registration DivX Resources Technology Glossary Partner Support © 2025 DivX, LLC. All rights reserved. DivX® and associated logos are trademarks of DivX, LLC or its affiliates. This site is registered on wpml.org as a development site. Switch to a production site key to remove this banner . This site is registered on Toolset.com as a development site.