Structural Analysis Software for Structural Engineers | Dlubal 💡 Community Sign in to your account Sign up for the Dlubal Extranet to get most of the software and have exclusive access to your personal data. E-mail Password Reset Password Login Create Account By signing-in you agree to Dlubal Conditions of Use & Sale . Please see our Privacy Notice, our Cookies Notice. 0 Webshop Contact Sales Team English Language Deutsch English Français Español Português Italiano Česky Polski Pусский 中文(简体) Solutions Industries Reinforced Concrete Structures Prestressed Concrete Structures Steel Structures Timber and Wood Structures Masonry Structures Aluminum and Lightweight Structures Buildings Industrial Structures and Plants Pipelines Bridge Structures Cranes and Craneways Towers and Masts Glass Structures Tensile Membrane Structures Cable and Tensile Structures Laminate and Sandwich Structures Temporary Structures Scaffolding and Rack Structures Offshore Structures Silos and Storage Tanks Renewable Energy Plants Solar Structures & Mounting Systems Shipbuilding and Floating Bodies Conveyor Structures Drilling Structures Swimming Pools and Water Parks Container Structures Drilled Pile Foundations Staircase Structures Power Plants Hydraulic Steel Engineering Mechanical Engineering Pneumatic Structures Show More Application Areas Structural Engineering Finite Element Analysis (FEA) Wind Simulation and Wind Load Generation Stress Analysis Nonlinear Analysis Stability Analysis Nonlinear Buckling Analysis Warping Torsion Analysis Dynamic and Seismic Analysis Nonlinear Dynamic Analysis Pushover Analysis Form-Finding and Cutting Patterns Steel Joints BIM Planning Cold-Formed Sections Soil-Structure Interaction Facade Analysis Foundations and Foundation Engineering Construction Stages Fire Resistance Show More Standards Eurocodes (EC) German Standards (DIN) British Standards (BS EN, BS) Italian Standards (NTC) US Standards Canadian Standards (CSA) Australian Standards (AS) Swiss Standards (SIA) Chinese Standards (GB, HK) Indian Standards (IS) Mexican Standards (RCDF, CFE Sismo 15) Russian Standards (SP) South African Standards (SANS) Brazilian Standards (NBR) Online Services Snow Load, Wind Speed, and Seismic Load Maps Cloud Calculations Structural Analysis Wiki Cross-Section Properties of Steel Cross-Sections Structural Design for Solar Systems Dlubal Software helps you create and verify any solar mounting system. Work efficiently with steel, aluminum, and concrete structures in a single environment. Explore Tools Dlubal API The new Dlubal API service (gRPC) provides you with a flexible interface to the structural analysis software based on Python and C#, with direct access to the entire Dlubal product range. Start With API Products RFEM 6 Only Structural Analysis and Design Software You Need for Your Projects RFEM 6 serves as the basis of the modular program family and is used to define structures, materials, and actions for plate, wall, shell, and beam structures, as well as for solids and contact elements. More Information Add-ons Additional Analyses Dynamic Analysis Special Solutions Design Connections RSTAB 9 Iconic Frame and Truss Analysis Software RSTAB 9 is a powerful analysis and design software for 3D beam, frame, or truss structure calculations, reflecting the current state of the art and helping structural engineers meet requirements in modern civil engineering. More Information Add-ons Additional Analysis Dynamic Analysis Special Solutions Design RSECTION 1 User-Defined Cross-Section Properties RSECTION supports structural engineers by determining cross-section properties for a wide variety of cross-sections and allowing for subsequent stress analysis. More Information Add-ons Effective Sections RWIND 3 CFD Software for Digital Wind Tunnels RWIND 3 is a digital wind tunnel for simulating wind flows around any building geometry and for the calculation of the wind loads on their surfaces. More Information Dlubal API Your Gateway to Parametric Modeling and Automation The new Dlubal API service (gRPC) provides you with a flexible interface to the structural analysis software based on Python and C#, with direct access to the entire Dlubal product range. Benefit from seamless and powerful integration into your Dlubal software—ideal for parametric modeling and complex optimization tasks. Discover API API Documentation Index Getting Started Applications Model Objects Subscriptions & Pricing Examples FEA for Steel Connections Design and analyze steel connections using CBFEM, compliant with EN 1993‑1‑8 and AISC 360, fully integrated in RFEM 6 for faster, more accurate structural workflows. Learn More Dlubal Community This platform offers a space for technical inquiries, engaging discussions on structural analysis and design, feature suggestion, and direct interaction with the Dlubal team and fellow users. Join Now Outdated Products Support Support Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Knowledge Base Product Features Licensing Ask Individual Question Our Support Team Submit Program Feature or Idea FAQ for Licensing & Authorization Report Problem or Program Issue Program Updates Program Issues Formulas | Math is fun! Training First Steps with RFEM First Steps with RSTAB Online Training Training at Dlubal Individual Training Videos E-Learning Videos Webinars – Learn Online Online Courses Service Free Support / Service Extranet | My Account Project Support Service Contract Geo-Zone Tool for Load Determination Updates & Upgrades Previous Program Versions Sales Webshop Our Sales Team Contact Our Sales Team Schedule an online product demo Why Dlubal Software AI Support Assistant Mia – Your 24/7 AI Assistant Discover Your Personal AI Assistant Free Support & Service Need help? Access free support options including 24/7 AI assistance, email support, and webinars. Learn More Find Answers Fast Find quick answers to common questions about Dlubal Software. Search or filter hundreds of FAQ to solve issues in no time. View FAQ News News Current News New Product Features Subscribe to Newsletter New Programs Dlubal Blog Training Online Training Individual Training Events Event Overview Trade Fairs and Conferences Webinars Master Engineering with Webinars Join industry leaders and explore solutions in structural engineering and software. Enhance your skills with our live sessions! See Next Webinars Unlock the Power of Innovation Discover cutting-edge tools and enhancements designed to boost your engineering workflow. Explore New Features Resources Download Full Version Would you like to try out the capabilities of the Dlubal Software programs? You have the opportunity to do so! With the free 90-day full version you can thoroughly test all our programs. Start Trial Version Now Dlubal Free Zone In the Dlubal free zone, you can access webinars, articles, and software trial versions—all free of charge and conveniently located in one place. More Information Examples Structural Analysis Models to Download Submit Structural Analysis Model Introductory Examples and Tutorials Verification Examples Image Overview Documents Online Manuals Manuals References Customer Projects Why Submit Your Customer Project? How to Submit Customer Project? Submit Customer Project Free Models to Download Explore thousands of ready-to-use structural models. Download, adapt, and use them as templates to accelerate your design process. Discover Models Dlubal Free Zone Get expert help whenever you need it. Enjoy free AI assistance, email support, live webinars, and premium services for Service Contract Pro users. Get Support Education E-Learning RFEM 6 for Beginners RFEM 6 for Students Programming with RFEM 6 and Python RFEM 6 with Rhino & Grasshopper RFEM 5 for Beginners Modeling with RFEM 5 Structural Analysis Learning Videos for Students Quick Tutorials for Dlubal Programs Best Tips and Tricks in RFEM Dlubal Online Training Recordings Recorded Dlubal Webinars Students and Schools Free Structural Analysis Software for Students Request or Renew Free Student License Request for Free Instructor License Submit Student Thesis Why Submit Your Thesis? Graduation Theses with Dlubal Structural Analysis Software Free Structural Analysis Software for Educational Institutions Request School Package Free Introductory Training at Your University Request Training Date Knowledge Platform First Steps with RFEM Videos Online Manuals Structural Analysis Wiki Knowledge Base Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Infotainment Podcast Dlubal Blog Introduction to Structural Analysis and Design First Steps with RFEM 6 Take your first steps with RFEM 6 and discover how quickly you can model and calculate. Customize with add-ons for even more possibilities. Get Started Free Structural Analysis Software for Students Thousands of students worldwide already benefit from Dlubal Software. Enjoy free access, training, and expert support throughout your studies. Get Free License Company About Us History and Facts Company Philosophy Why Dlubal Software? Product Comparison Quality Policy Our Team Contact Dlubal Locations Worldwide Authorized Dlubal Resellers References Customer Reviews Customer Projects Why submit your customer project? Verification Examples Your Review Participation in Research Projects Our Customers We present our customers who realize their projects with Dlubal Software. Learn how our customers worldwide implement innovative solutions in construction and engineering using advanced tools for structural analysis and dynamic analysis. View Our Customers Building Success Together Discover how leading engineers around the world trust our solutions to elevate their projects with us. See Our Customers Find Your Dream Job Join a global leader in engineering software and take your career to new heights. Explore Open Positions Career Achieve More Together Career at Dlubal Teams Product Development Customer Service Sales Marketing Software Development Administration Jobs All Open Positions Product Development Customer Support Sales Marketing Software Development Administration Interns Others Dlubal Team News Team Stories Build Your Future with Us Reveal how our team shapes the future of engineering. Experience innovation, growth, and exciting challenges. Your Career Opportunities Meet the Experts Our dedicated engineers are here to assist you with modeling, design, and technical challenges—anytime, anywhere. Connect with Support Webshop Main Products RFEM 6 RSTAB 9 RWIND 3 RSECTION Online Services Geo-Zone Tool Cross-Section Properties API Cloud Calculation Downloadable Models Dlubal Community Knowledge Base Webinars Sign in to your account Sign up for the Dlubal Extranet to get most of the software and have exclusive access to your personal data. Login Create Account 90-Day Free Trial Sign in to your account Sign up for the Dlubal Extranet to get most of the software and have exclusive access to your personal data. Login Create Account Structural Analysis and Design Software For more than 35 years, Dlubal Software has been developing advanced structural analysis software that is highly regarded by structural engineers and calculation engineers. The core products RFEM and RSTAB are used in 132 countries worldwide and are characterized by high precision, reliability, and user-friendliness. More than 130,000 users trust in the expertise of Dlubal Software. 13,000 companies use our software for their daily tasks. Download 90-Day Free Trial Book Consultation Explore Dlubal Software Solutions RWIND 3: Efficient Wind Load Simulation Using CFD for Any Building Shape RFEM 6: Your All-in-One Solution for Steel Joint Analysis Structural Analysis & Design of PV Support and Mounting Systems Comprehensive Building Analysis with Lateral and Gravity Analysis Analysis & Design of Glass Surfaces for Facades and Openings Happy Holidays and a Successful Start to 2026! Whether calm and cozy or dynamic and exciting, the Dlubal Software team wishes you joyful holidays, relaxing time with your loved ones, and a year full of successful projects and new opportunities. Let’s achieve great things in structural analysis in 2026! Globally Trusted by Engineering Leaders More than 13,000 customers worldwide trust Dlubal Software for structural analysis and design. Popular Main Products and Solutions RFEM 6 The Dlubal flagship FEA solution provides comprehensive structural analysis and design of structures consisting of members, surfaces, and solids. Discover RFEM 6 RSTAB 9 The innovative 3D program enables structural analysis and design of frame, beam, and truss structures made of concrete, steel, timber, and other materials. EXPLORE RSTAB 9 RWIND 3 RWIND allows for the simulation of wind flows in a digital wind tunnel and generation of precise wind loads for structures of various shapes, sizes, and geometries. SIMULATE IN RWIND 3 RSECTION The RSECTION stand-alone program calculates cross-section properties and stresses of thin and massive sections of many different types of structures. TRY RSECTION API Use the Dlubal API to automate processes, integrate with external tools, and create custom workflows tailored carefully to your specific project requirements. BUILD WITH API GEO-ZONE TOOL The Dlubal online service provides zone maps for quick determination of snow loads, wind speeds, and seismic data. CHECK LOAD ZONES 3D MODELS Select from a variety of structural models created by Dlubal engineers that you can use for practice or inspiration, or apply them directly as templates in your own projects. BROWSE 3D MODELS CROSS-SECTION APP Access precise cross-section properties in our library and integrate them seamlessly into your workflow . CHECK OUT LIBRARY Cloud Calculation Perform your calculations on an external server to keep your computer fully available for other tasks. RUN IN CLOUD Experience Precision of Structural Analysis and Design Learn how RFEM 6 empowers engineers to handle projects of any scale with confidence and precision. Model freely, apply loads automatically, and run advanced FEA calculations in one modern program environment. The combination of intuitive modeling, integrated design tools, and code compliance ensures efficiency and reliability, while seamless BIM connectivity and modern technology support smooth workflows from concept to completion. More Information Explore Dlubal Online Services Discover the benefits of the Dlubal community! Join a dedicated user community and experience how our advanced online services can enrich your software experience. Dlubal Community Dlubal API Free Models to Download Cross-Section Library Geo-Zone Tool: Snow Load, Wind Speed, and Seismic Load Maps Dlubal Webinars Free Structural Software for Students Online Manuals ... and much more Turning Concepts into Reality Completed projects speak for themselves. Gain insight into customer projects to see how Dlubal Software supports the design and analysis of structures around the world. Structure of Czech National Pavilion EXPO 2025 Customer A2 Timber s.r.o. used RFEM and RWIND to design the first timber building without a metal structure of its kind in Japan. The 12-meter-high spiral pavilion, made of prefabricated CLT panels and glass facade elements, was analyzed for wind and seismic loads using a digital wind tunnel and FEM modeling. Osaka, Japan Mountain Station/Garaging Hall Zinsbergbahn A 30 m cantilevered steel hall supported by just three columns posed major structural and logistical challenges. Grabner Stahl and Maschinenbau GmbH used RFEM 6 with the Steel Design add-on to ensure structural performance, minimal deformation, and transport-optimized assembly in alpine terrain. Brixen im Thale, Austria BORA Flagship Store With its dynamic form and cantilevered steel-and-glass structure, the new BORA showroom stands as a visual and technical landmark. Werkraum Ingenieure ZT used RFEM 6 for the analysis of the steel superstructure, reinforced concrete basement, and dynamic effects. Herford, Germany Timber Gridshell of Park Arena Timber Gridshell of the Park Arena Designed for the 2025 State Garden Show, this innovative timber gridshell in Furth im Wald showcases polygonal geometry, dismountable joints, and nearly 1,900 CNC-fabricated elements. The structure was modeled in Rhino/Grasshopper and calculated in RFEM. Furth im Wald, Germany World's Longest Suspension Footbridge Spanning 721 m between two mountain ridges, this record-breaking suspension footbridge was designed by TAROS NOVA a.s. using RFEM. Multiple calculation models and nonlinear analysis helped optimize the cable-supported structure for wind, snow, and large deformations. Dolní Morava, Czech Republic Suzhou Olympic Sports Centre For the design of the curved facade and cable roof structures, Huana Engineering Consulting used RSTAB with the Steel Design add-on. The single-layer cable network spans the largest membrane-covered stadium roof in East Asia and defines this multifunctional sports landmark. Suzhou, China Sky Walk in Dolní Morava Hovering 58.5 m above the terrain, this timber-steel lookout trail winds through three towers anchored in a triangular layout. TAROS-NOVA s.r.o. used RSTAB for the design of the glued-laminated timber and steel truss structure, exposed to strong winds and ice loads in alpine conditions. Dolní Morava, Czech Republic Bluebonnet in Dallas The large-scale public artwork “Bluebonnet” is an impressive project by CRAFT | Engineering Studio, a Dlubal customer. The structure was inspired by the state flower of Texas and consists of 570 individually laser-cut aluminum tubes, each bent at varying angles and lengths. North Dallas, Texas, USA Courtyard Roofing of SMS Campus Customer formTL used RFEM with the Steel Design add-on to design the 82-meter-wide cable-supported dome roof based on the Geiger principle. The tensile and steel structure, spanning 5,100 m², connects five office buildings and ensures weather protection for over 2,000 employees. Mönchengladbach, Germany Kuhdammbrücke Bridge To widen this tied arch bridge for improved freight transport access, VIC Planen und Beraten GmbH used RFEM to design reinforcements, analyze hanger behavior, and check vibration performance. The steel structure now spans 76.6 m with updated geometry and damping systems. Wustermark, Germany Show All Customer Projects Dlubal Software. 40 Years of Expertise Meet Innovation. Since 1987, Dlubal Software has combined expertise and innovation to provide intuitive solutions for structural and CFD analysis, supported by over 330 employees in 10 locations worldwide. About Company Designed for Engineers. Trusted Worldwide. 130,000+ users Trusted by over 130,000 users who rely on Dlubal Software for structural analysis and design 13,000+ customers Over 13,000 customers around the world using our software to design structures with confidence 130+ countries Global player in the field of structural analysis software active in more than 130 countries 330+ employees More than 330 team members ensuring continuous development and professional support Dlubal Newsfeed News Upcoming Events Recorded Webinars Dlubal Team Happy New Year Current News 🎄 𝗠𝗲𝗿𝗿𝘆 𝗖𝗵𝗿𝗶𝘀𝘁𝗺𝗮𝘀 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗛𝗮𝗽𝗽𝘆 𝗡𝗲𝘄 𝗬𝗲𝗮𝗿 𝟮𝟬𝟮𝟲!🎆 Current News Product Features – Load Transfer Member Type Current News 🌍 Customer Project Highlight | Steel Membrane Roofing – Nairobi, Kenya Current News New Customer Project from Australia 🔨🌏 Current News Structural and Daylighting Performance of Innovative Grid Shell System Current News New Customer Project from Italy 🔨🏟️​ Current News Bridge Structure Monitoring Using Digital Twin Current News Structural Analysis Models Current News Graduation Thesis Graduation Theses BIM World Munich 2025 Current News Steel Hall with Truss Girders, China Current News How to Efficiently Use Your Dlubal Account Current News Modern Membrane Roofing with Advanced Engineering Analysis Current News Efficient Mechanical Joints in Steel Structures – Thesis Study Current News Lookout Tower with Treetop Walk, Bachledka, Slovakia Customer Project Show More Structural Analysis and Design Software Dlubal Software, Inc. 30 South 15th Street, 15th Floor PA 19103 Philadelphia United States +1 (267) 702-2815 [email protected] Dlubal Software GmbH Am Zellweg 2 93464 Tiefenbach Germany +49 9673 9203-0 [email protected] Solutions Reinforced Concrete Structures Steel Structures Timber and Wood Structures Steel Joints Products RFEM 6 RSTAB 9 RSECTION 1 RWIND 3 Support Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Ask Individual Question Geo-Zone Tool for Load Determination Contact Our Sales Team News Subscribe to Newsletter Current News Event Overview Online Training Resources Free Full Trial Version Submit Customer Project Customer Projects Online Manuals Join Dlubal © 2001-2025 Dlubal Software GmbH | All rights reserved Legal Notice About Us Sitemap English Language Deutsch English Français Español Português Italiano Česky Polski Pусский 中文(简体)