Global high-quality domain name investment and trading platform - Dn.com domain name trading platform Market Top domains News Learn more Help Center Domain Wiki Buy a domain Sell your domain About DN Corporate events Contact Us AI Assistant English 中文 English Sign in English 中文 English Market Top domains News Help Center Domain Wiki Buy a domain Sell your domain About DN Corporate events Contact Us Search Global premium domain trading platform! Application for Domain Auction Participation >> Search Ultra-low transaction fee Both parties of the transaction are self-served throughout, reducing intermediate links and lowering transaction costs Secure transaction Domain transactions initiated through this platform ensure the security of funds and domain names, with zero risk involved in the transaction. Simple transaction steps There is no complex trading processtransparent trading, steps at a glance. Popular domains 0481.com Domain seller FZB.com Domain seller 2674.com Domain seller CB.ai Domain seller TYD.com Domain seller Mia $ 120,000 QFW.com Domain seller OOEX.com Domain seller GJQ.com Domain seller HCRYPTO.com Domain seller Two-letter domains Two-letter domain names are the most ubiquitous and valuable assets in the domain market. View 2-letter domains Three-letter domains Three-letter domain names are concise, easy to remember, and easy to disseminate. View 3-letter domains Premium domains Premium domain names have a clear significance for branding and dissemination. View premium domains Popular domains There is a growing interest in premium domain names. View popular domains Sell more domains with DN and turn your domain assets into cash quickly! Start selling Acquire a domain name now obtain ownership of a valuable asset instantly! Buy now News The domain name Metalabs.ai sold for $36,000! High-quality digital assets in the AI ​​sector are highly sought after. Global Domain Name Transaction Data Briefing as of December 28, 2025 7 Days to Go: The Ultimate CES 2026 Guide Breaking news! Global giant Meta spends billions of dollars to acquire a rising Chinese AI company. Just how high is the ceiling for AI? Etra.com sold for $132,500! The value of short .com domains is once again highlighted. .ai becomes the "hard currency of the AI ​​era," triggering a surge in registrations across vertical sectors. With 10 billion yuan sold in just 2 hours, the luxury housing market is experiencing a full-scale boom. Can haozhai.com replicate this success? getmiles.com sold for $28,001! Its cross-industry adaptability highlights the domain's value. Read more FAQ Please visit Help Learn more How long is my offer valid? Every offer is valid for a duration of 7 days. Within how many days do I need to pay for the domain I bought? All transactions have to be completed within 24 hours. If you're a corporate buyer that requires more time to complete a purchase, simply notify our team so we can inform the seller. Are there other currency options? Currently available currency options are the US dollar ($) and the Chinese yuan (￥)，You can change your currency preferences in your account settings. I sold a domain, when can I expect to receive my payment? Usually, sellers get paid out within 24 hours (on business days) after the domain is transferred. Where can I change my password? Go to the upper right corner and click on "your name" and then on "settings". On this page you canchange your password. Don't forget to save after filling in the current and new password! Where can I set prices for my domains? Simply head to your portfolio to directly edit your prices or use our bulk editing tools. How much commission do you charge? Our commission varies depending on the domain's DNS settings and the currencies of both parties: 1、If the domain's DNS points to DN.com and the buyer and seller use the same currency, the commission is 5%. For example: the buyer pays in USD and you also receive USD, which is 5%. 2、If the DNS points to DN.com, but the buyer and seller use different currencies, the commission is 10%。 3、If the domain is not set to point to DN.com (that is, not using our DNS), the commission is 12% regardless of where the buyer and seller are from and what currency they use. 4、If there are other situations, you can consult with our agent. How do I know the asking price for a domain name? That depends on the listing you're viewing. If you see a 'Buy Now' price, it means the seller has set a fixed price. If there's no price listed, it indicates the seller hasn't set one yet. To find out the asking price, you can make an offer, and the seller will respond directly. We are a company specializing in domain name purchases and sales. We have a professional team dedicated to providing customers with high-quality domain names and services. Our services include domain name trading, domain name management, and domain name transfer. Dn.com Limited (Hong Kong, China) Support Services:contact@dn.com Services Buy a domain Sell your domain Login/Registration About DN Corporate events Help FAQ Contact Us News Domain Wiki Agreement Terms of  Use Escape clause Privacy policy User protocol 2025 Dn.com All Rights Reserved Contact Us contact@dn.com +86 135-7488-8887 3814848 Please scan the code using WeChat