DNS Filtering Services: Security & Website Blocking | DNSFilter Conversational Content Filtering in a Hybrid Workforce Get the eBook Help Center Login Contact us 1 (877) 331-2412 Search Search Products Products DNSFilter Guardian Features Anycast Network Appaware Data Export DNSSEC Insights Reporting Integrations Malicious Domain Protection PSA Integrations Roaming Clients Single Sign On Website Categorization Use Cases Content Filtering Cyber Defense DNS Filtering Protective DNS Public Wi-Fi Industries Education Enterprise Finance Government Healthcare Higher Education ISP Manufacturing MSPs Non-Profit Small and Medium Businesses Pricing Resources Blog Case Studies Events Glossary Newsroom Podcast Press Product Literature Webinars Whitepapers VIEW ALL RESOURCES Why DNSFilter Company About Awards Careers Team Compare Cisco Umbrella Cloudflare Infoblox Webroot Webtitan DefensX Partners Managed Service Providers Partner Portal Register a Deal Value Added Resellers Help Center Login Contact us 1 (877) 331-2412 Products Products DNSFilter Guardian Features Anycast Network Appaware Data Export DNSSEC Insights Reporting Integrations Malicious Domain Protection PSA Integrations Roaming Clients Single Sign On Website Categorization Use Cases Content Filtering Cyber Defense DNS Filtering Protective DNS Public Wi-Fi Industries Education Enterprise Finance Government Healthcare Higher Education ISP Manufacturing MSPs Non-Profit Small and Medium Businesses Pricing Resources Blog Case Studies Events Glossary Newsroom Podcast Press Product Literature Webinars Whitepapers VIEW ALL RESOURCES Why DNSFilter Company About Awards Careers Team Compare Cisco Umbrella Cloudflare Infoblox Webroot Webtitan DefensX Partners Managed Service Providers Partner Portal Register a Deal Value Added Resellers Protect Every Click AI-powered content filtering + threat blocking — stops attacks 10 days earlier, trusted by 43,000+ organizations worldwide. Stop malware, phishing, and unwanted content Stop malware, phishing, and unwanted content Deploy in minutes, no headaches Deploy in minutes, no headaches Protects users anywhere, on any device Protects users anywhere, on any device Launch guided tour Start free trial 0 MSP partners 0 Organizations Protected 0 Threats Blocked Daily 0 Daily queries 0 MSP partners 0 Organizations Protected 0 Threats Blocked Daily 0 Daily queries Enterprise Protect every click your team makes on any device. MSP Partners Trusted by more than 3,000 partners around the world. SMB Features you need now with the capacity to scale later. DNS Filtering DNS security and content filtering for every need Every internet connected device is vulnerable. We'll keep your network safe–no matter the size—with our award-winning protective DNS solution. Enterprise & SMB Education Government MSP Non-Profit Learn more Remote Protection Protective DNS wherever your users roam Prevent access to unwanted and malicious content on all devices, on and off your network. Enterprise & SMB Education Government Non-Profit Hybrid Workplaces Learn more Malicious Domain Protection Stay protected with next-gen machine learning DNSFilter learns a little bit more with every inbound DNS query. We leverage machine learning techniques to discover threats before third-party feeds. Enterprise & SMB Education Government Healthcare Learn more Anycast Network Speed, stability, scale There's fast and then there's the world's fastest DNS resolver, DNSFilter's Dual Anycast network. You could be doing anything on the internet, we'll make whatever it is happen faster. Enterprise & SMB Education MSP Hotel Learn more Public Wi-Fi DNS threat protection for the bring-your-own-device age Public Wi-Fi is a great service to offer your customers, but it can leave them vulnerable to phishing and malware attacks. Your business should be a safe space from the usual internet threats. Hotel Education Retail Enterprise & SMB Healthcare Learn more Insights Reporting Discover vulnerabilities with intuitive insights reporting In your dashboard, you can view and export network activity and security reports, or you can delve into detailed logs for even more actionable data. Enterprise & SMB Education Government MSP Learn more Appaware Protect against threats with application blocking View all the applications your users are accessing and easily block all of the domains associated with a single app Enterprise & SMB Education Government MSP Healthcare Learn more Universal Lists Save valuable time with universal block and allow lists No more managing separate policies to define which domains should or should not be accessed. Add as many domains to your single block or allow list as you'd like and make changes easily. Enterprise & SMB Education MSP Hotel Retail Learn more DNS Filtering Remote Protection Malicious Domain Protection Anycast Network Public Wi-Fi Insights Reporting AppAware Universal Lists DNS Filtering Remote Protection Malicious Domain Protection Anycast Network Public Wi-Fi Insights Reporting AppAware Universal Lists Try DNSFilter in a Guided Product Tour Take a guided product tour and build AI-powered content, threat, and app filtering policies—then deploy them to a site in just minutes. It's a fast, interactive way to see how DNSFilter delivers protective DNS without the complexity of firewalls or traditional gateways. IT'S ALWAYS DNS Explore the power of protective DNS in 60 seconds Learn more about protective DNS and how DNSFilter can protect your organization from cyber threats. Start free 14-day trial Customers love us, threats hate us Leave us a review on G2 "DNS Filtration that just works" I haven't found anything I don't like about DNSFilter. I've never had issues with it or needed to troubleshoot it. It just works and it listens to me. Customer support is extremely responsive, gives quick and concise answers with little to no time wasted. "Does what the product claims; good value for the price" We use the product for handling business URL filtering. The DNS look ups are fast and the management of allow/deny lists is pretty easy. Reporting is useful. There are some cool features for granular management at an individual machine level. The price is quite reasonable for what it does. It's pretty much set and forget. "It's raining malware but I won't reach for my Umbrella, but DNSFilter instead" The ease of use and overall ability to block applications, limit search engines, block a number of threat types and add good sites to a whitelist or block a known bad site in a blacklist. Reporting is also the BEST I have seen as it is so easy to find good and bad blocks...allowing you to easily and daily to monitor and update lists as needed. "DNSFilter - A Fast, Easy, And Reliable DNS Filtering Solution" Setup and deployment were super easy. Support has been excellent. Overall, the product is a nice addition to our security stack, blocking threats at the DNS level. "DNSFilter Is A No Brainer. It Cost Less Than Its Competitors And Easy To Setup." DNSFilter is easy to setup and configure. I was up and running in a day. It works on all OS platforms and doesn't interfere with our end users doing their jobs. "Compliance Level DNS Filtering" Provides client level installation for DNS filtering when outside of the building. Complements EndPoint and Firewall web filtering by processing all DNS requests through an active filter to help stop malware distribution. We can distribute the product uniquely using RMM to each customer and management and controls are customer unique. "Great platform, even greater customer support" It is incredibly easy to get started. The interface is very user-friendly. If you have any issues, the customer support chat is handy. You get connected to an actual human, not just a chatbot. "Fast to deploy, protect an entire network in a minute" Good web filtering for all our locations, we also deployed the roaming client to cover our users when they are outside the company network. It is also our first level of defense if there is a threat as the domain might be blocked before our EPP / EDR detect something. "Easy-to-use DNS security solution" I love how DNSFilter is constantly being updated with new features and security updates. This gives me peace of mind knowing that my business is always protected from the latest online threats. "Finally, a DNS filter that actually works!" DNSFilter has proven to be one of the easiest solutions to implement. The intuitive interface makes on-going administration a breeze. We're happy to know our internet security stack is protected and the accurate categorization of traffic has not interfered with approved business functions. What's New Inside Business Email Compromise Scams: How to Protect Your Business Blog Inside Business Email Compromise Scams: How to Protect Your Business DNSFilter Strengthens Leadership Ahead of 2026 with New Chief Revenue Officer Rich Scott Newsroom DNSFilter Strengthens Leadership Ahead of 2026 with New Chief Revenue Officer Rich Scott dnsUNFILTERED: Ryan Rambo, IXN Solutions Video Podcast dnsUNFILTERED: Ryan Rambo, IXN Solutions 103.247.36.36 103.247.37.37 AS64089 Product Pricing Features Use Case Industries Served Threats Integrations Compare vs. Cisco Umbrella vs. Cloudflare vs. Infoblox vs. Webroot vs. Webtitan vs. DefensX Compare All Support Legal Hub API Docs Changelog Login Contact Help Center About Careers About Us Leadership Awards Events Content Library System Status Leave a Review Follow Us © 2025 DNSFilter Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Choices