Products  Benefits  Customers  Resources  Enterprise  Pricing Login 
Get Started
Contact Sales
Reliable DNS hosting &
domain name management
of one domain or 100,000
DNS hosting

Innovative technology for fast, easy DNS management.

Start hosting your DNS
Domain registration

Register, transfer, and renew your domains with ease.

Register your domains
SSL certificates

Secure your domains with SSL certificates in three easy steps.

Add SSL security
Domain Control Plane
Take control of all your assets wherever they live – at DNSimple, on premise, or in third-party clouds. It’s a single pane of glass for domain registration, DNS hosting, and so much more.
Learn More
Automate manual tasks across your domains and DNS
Developers and system admins love our simple self-serve automation tools for DNS, domains, and more.
Try us free for 30 days
Contact Sales
Efficiently import DNS records
Enter your domain name and the subdomains you want to import. No copy/pasting required.

The process starts automatically when you transfer or add a domain to your account. Test it for yourself here:

Try Me
Click "Try me" to import the DNS records. ☝️
Integrate in minutes
with our API
We support multiple programming languages.

View the basics of our Ruby API and get a tour of the API in this tutorial.

Ruby

Go

Elixir

Node.js

.NET

Java

PHP

Python

Rust

 Ruby API Tutorial
🤖Beep-Boop🤖Ruby API Simulator ready... Get the full code at the end of this tutorial. You'll be done in a couple of minutes.You have been assigned an account_idandcontact_idbelow.
account_id = 123
contact_id = 456

First, let's check for domains in your account. For this we use thedomainsnamespace
dnsimple.domains.list_domains(account_id)
Step 1 of 8Try Me
Great support when you need it

Big yes to DNSimple. Transferred a bunch of domains to them today. They also contacted me about an issue I had the other day. Just all round great people.

@filip

After years of using other DNS providers with mixed results and frustrating experiences, we switched to DNSimple for all our domain name registration and DNS needs. The user experience is so much better and support is top notch!

Jordan Knapp, Country Maid Inc.

Kudos to Ole. Was able to diagnose my problem with AWS CloudFront. DNSimple was working perfectly all along. Reliable service and support folks who fix my “other problem” rather than just say, “it’s not us”. A sincere “Thank You” to you all.

@BenTomasini

Simple connections
Connect your productivity suite, web hosting, blog, e-commerce, all with a single click.

With 44 services and growing, you can always connect to your favorites.

Better security
We offer SSL certificates with DNS-based domain validation, auto-renewal, and Wildcard support. All automated.
The tools for successful DNS automation
Offered on every plan.
ALIAS records

A virtual record that provides CNAME-like behavior on apex domains.

Anycast DNS

Faster sites. Reduces latency by advertising the same IP from different locations.

Full API access

Well documented, battle-tested libraries for you to work with.

DDoS defense

Multi-layered DDoS defense.

Reduce the risk of your application being down due to DDoS attacks.

Secondary DNS

Add redundancy to your zones by having them replicate to other DNS providers.

SSL automation

With Let’s Encrypt™, we provide a fully automated way to request, renew, and install your next single-name or SAN SSL certificate for free.

Email forwarding

Forward any email from your domain to your existing inbox.

You’re more than a .com
With a variety of top-level domains, we make finding the perfect fit even easier.

Each transfer includes a one-year extension. A DNSimple subscription is required to register, transfer, or renew domain names. Domain registration, transfer, and renewal fees are not included in your subscription.

We were able to roll out an experience our users love and continue to use in a very short period. This has increased our stickiness as a product and helped to reduce our customer churn.

Ryan Montgomery, CTO at ClickFunnels

Automate your DNS & domain management

Find the plan that fits your needs

Solo
Free
For 1 user
$0.50 per hosted zone per month 
$0.10 per million queries per zone per month 
Get Started

Key features

Register, transfer, and renew domains. 

100 DNS records per zone

1 user

Let's Encrypt SSL Certificates

HTTP Redirects 

Anycast DNS

No SLA

Recommended
Teams
$
29
USD
/month
Includes 1 seat
$0.50 per hosted zone per month 
$0.10 per million queries per zone per month 
Get Started

Solo key features, plus:

Domain Access Control 

1,000 DNS records per zone

Single Sign-on with Okta or Google

Let's Encrypt SSL Wildcard certificates

HTTPS Redirects 

Unlimited activity history

99% SLA

Enterprise
Custom
 
Discounts available
High-volume zones
Contact Sales

Teams key features, plus:

Discounted domain management 

High-volume zones & zone discounts

Single Sign-on with Microsoft Entra

Vanity Name servers (available)

Multiple payment options 

Priority support 

100% SLA (available)

Estimate Your Costs
Determine what plan would best suit your needs, and estimate monthly costs.
1 DNS Zone
< 1m avg queries per zone / mo
Hobby site / Average Traffic
1 Seat
1 seat included
Price does not include domain registration. contact sales for discounts available for high-volume zones on the Enterprise plan.
Solo Free
$0.60 USD/month
Sign Up
Itemized Costs:
Teams $29.00
$29.60 USD/month
Sign Up
Itemized Costs:
Enterprise
Custom (Discounts available)
Contact Sales

Learn more about the benefits of an enterprise account.

How we calculate query volume fees
The price for up to, but not including, one million queries per zone is $0.10

The DNS query volume fees are calculated at this price every time the registered volume goes beyond any given million-query mark (starting at 0 queries)

Query Volume	Fee
1 - 999,999 queries	$0.10
1M - 1,999,999 queries	$0.20
2M - 2,999,999 queries	$0.30

And so on...

We won’t charge fractions of the price:

Any volume greater or equal to 1M and less than 2M will have a fee of $0.20 For example, the fee for 1.5M queries is still $0.2.

Let’s explore this using a couple examples.

Example 1:

2,000,000 total queries across 4 zones This is a sample list of zones and queries for a billing period in an account:

zone1.com with 500,000 queries
zone2.com with 100,000 queries
zone3.com with 1,300,000 queries
zone4.com with 100,000 queries

In this scenario, you would see a DNS query volume fee of $0.50 in your invoice:

zone1.com, zone2.com, and zone4.com contribute each with $0.10, because they don’t surpass the 1M queries threshold.

zone3.com contributes with $0.20, because it has registered between 1M and 2M queries.

Example 2:

2,000,000 total queries across a single zone.

What if you have a single zone with a registered query volume of 2M queries?

You would see a DNS query volume fee of $0.30 in your invoice, because zone1.com has registered a volume between 2M and 3M queries.

CloseMore Info
Features

DNS Hosting

Domain registration

API for Domains

SSL Certificates

Let's Encrypt

Integrations

One-click services

Secondary DNS service

Integrated DNS providers

URL redirects

Webhooks

Product

Pricing

TLDs

Compare DNSimple

Domain security

Changelog

Help articles

Status

Security

.BANK DNS service

.INSURANCE DNS service

Community

Open source

API Documentation

API Libraries

Built for Developers

Chef Automation

HashiCorp

Company

About us

Customers

Jobs

Contact

Blog

Resources

Developers

Domain automation

Business-grade DNS

Zone vision

How DNS works, comic

How HTTPS works, comic

WHOIS

 ©2025 DNSimple Corporation.
Policies & Agreements
dnsimple is a registered trademark of DNSimple Corporation Reg. No. US 5,573,857