DNS hosting provider and domain registrar | DNSimple Menu Products Domain Control Plane AWS Route 53 Azure CoreDNS GoDaddy Domain Management Domain Registration DNS Hosting Secondary DNS Hosting SSL Certificates Email Forwarding Benefits Simplicity Integrations Security Reliability Control API Customers Small to Medium Business Agencies Developers Case Studies Resources Get Help Support Documentation Changelog Our Blog Status Zero-Downtime Transfers How to Avoid DNS Downtime Comics Podcasts Enterprise Enterprise DNS .BANK Domains .INSURANCE Domains Domain Resellers Pricing Login Get Started Contact Sales Reliable DNS hosting & domain name management of one domain or 100,000 DNS hosting Innovative technology for fast, easy DNS management. Start hosting your DNS Domain registration Register, transfer, and renew your domains with ease. Register your domains SSL certificates Secure your domains with SSL certificates in three easy steps. Add SSL security Domain Control Plane Take control of all your assets wherever they live – at DNSimple, on premise, or in third-party clouds. It’s a single pane of glass for domain registration, DNS hosting, and so much more. Learn More Automate manual tasks across your domains and DNS Developers and system admins love our simple self-serve automation tools for DNS, domains, and more. Try us free for 30 days Contact Sales Sorry, this video requires Javascript to be visible. Watch directly on Youtube. Efficiently import DNS records Enter your domain name and the subdomains you want to import. No copy/pasting required. The process starts automatically when you transfer or add a domain to your account. Test it for yourself here: Integrate in minutes with our API We support multiple programming languages. View the basics of our Ruby API and get a tour of the API in this tutorial. Ruby Go Elixir Node.js .NET Java PHP Python Rust Great support when you need it Big yes to DNSimple. Transferred a bunch of domains to them today. They also contacted me about an issue I had the other day. Just all round great people. @filip After years of using other DNS providers with mixed results and frustrating experiences, we switched to DNSimple for all our domain name registration and DNS needs. The user experience is so much better and support is top notch! Jordan Knapp, Country Maid Inc. Kudos to Ole. Was able to diagnose my problem with AWS CloudFront. DNSimple was working perfectly all along. Reliable service and support folks who fix my “other problem” rather than just say, “it’s not us”. A sincere “Thank You” to you all. @BenTomasini Simple connections Connect your productivity suite, web hosting, blog, e-commerce, all with a single click. With 44 services and growing, you can always connect to your favorites. Better security We offer SSL certificates with DNS-based domain validation, auto-renewal, and Wildcard support. All automated. The tools for successful DNS automation Offered on every plan. ALIAS records A virtual record that provides CNAME-like behavior on apex domains. Anycast DNS Faster sites. Reduces latency by advertising the same IP from different locations. Full API access Well documented, battle-tested libraries for you to work with. DDoS defense Multi-layered DDoS defense. Reduce the risk of your application being down due to DDoS attacks. Secondary DNS Add redundancy to your zones by having them replicate to other DNS providers. SSL automation With Let’s Encrypt™, we provide a fully automated way to request, renew, and install your next single-name or SAN SSL certificate for free. Email forwarding Forward any email from your domain to your existing inbox. You’re more than a .com With a variety of top-level domains, we make finding the perfect fit even easier. Each transfer includes a one-year extension. A DNSimple subscription is required to register, transfer, or renew domain names. Domain registration, transfer, and renewal fees are not included in your subscription. We were able to roll out an experience our users love and continue to use in a very short period. This has increased our stickiness as a product and helped to reduce our customer churn. Ryan Montgomery, CTO at ClickFunnels Automate your DNS & domain management Find the plan that fits your needs Solo Free For 1 user $0.50 per hosted zone per month $0.10 per million queries per zone per month Get Started Key features Register, transfer, and renew domains. 100 DNS records per zone 1 user Let's Encrypt SSL Certificates HTTP Redirects Anycast DNS No SLA Recommended Teams $ 29 USD /month Includes 1 seat $0.50 per hosted zone per month $0.10 per million queries per zone per month Get Started Solo key features, plus: Domain Access Control 1,000 DNS records per zone Single Sign-on with Okta or Google Let's Encrypt SSL Wildcard certificates HTTPS Redirects Unlimited activity history 99% SLA Enterprise Custom Discounts available High-volume zones Contact Sales Teams key features, plus: Discounted domain management High-volume zones & zone discounts Single Sign-on with Microsoft Entra Vanity Name servers (available) Multiple payment options Priority support 100% SLA (available) Features DNS Hosting Domain registration API for Domains SSL Certificates Let's Encrypt Integrations One-click services Secondary DNS service Integrated DNS providers URL redirects Webhooks Product Pricing TLDs Compare DNSimple Domain security Changelog Help articles Status Security .BANK DNS service .INSURANCE DNS service Community Open source API Documentation API Libraries Built for Developers Chef Automation HashiCorp Company About us Customers Jobs Contact Blog Resources Developers Domain automation Business-grade DNS Zone vision How DNS works, comic How HTTPS works, comic WHOIS ©2025 DNSimple Corporation. Policies & Agreements dnsimple is a registered trademark of DNSimple Corporation Reg. No. US
          5,573,857