DNS Leak Tests DNS Leak Test You are connecting from an IPv4 address: We will check if your dns queries come from this same IP. Start How Can I Prevent DNS Leaks? By connecting to the internet with PIA VPN, you establish a secure private tunnel for your internet traffic and never have to reveal your IP address — thereby preventing DNS leaks. Only secure, trusted VPN providers like PIA can truly prevent DNS leaks. Benefits Of Hiding Your IP Address PIA VPN acts like a safety buffer between your device and the websites or applications you connect to. An extra layer of protection Cannot be tracked Internet traffic is encrypted Choose server location IP address is concealed Access your favorite content Get Started With PIA VPN Why Choose PIA VPN? Anonymity Strict no-logs policy so you’re
            totally anonymous all the time. Transparency Trusted open-source VPN
            protocols for full transparency. Expertise 10+ years of expertise as the
            world’s leading VPN provider. Support 24/7 live customer support for all your needs. Speed A global network of world-class
            servers for the fastest speeds Utility One subscription covers
            10 devices simultaneously. More Tools For You Email Leak Test IPv6 Leak Test Want To Know More? What Is A DNS? DNS (Domain Name Service) is what lets you browse the internet normally and navigate to a website by using its name rather than its server IP address. When you visit your favorite websites, your computer asks your ISP DNS resolvers to identify that site's IP address, so you don't have to remember them all personally. What Is A DNS Leak? When you visit a website — or, in other words, make a DNS query — your ISP can collect your IP address, target hostname, and target server IPs. This is known as a DNS leak. Still Not Convinced?
          Try PIA Risk-Free You’re covered by our 30-day money-back guarantee. If you’re not satisfied, get a refund. Get Private Internet Access Disclaimer: Per our Terms  and Conditions , using PIA VPN for illegal purposes is not encouraged. DNS Leak Test | Email Leak Test | IPv6 Leak Test Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2026 Private Internet Access, Inc.