Directory of Open Access Books directory of open access books Search Publisher login Language English Français For Librarians Support DOAB - Libraries Metadata harvesting and content dissemination For Researchers FAQ For Publishers Join DOAB: Requirements and Application PRISM: Peer Review Information Service for Monographs DOAB Brand Guidelines DOAB Trusted Platform Network Documentation Sponsor DOAB Our Supporters DOAB Supporters DOAB Sponsors Resources Metadata harvesting and content dissemination News Accessibility and policies DOAB About DOAB Ambassador Programme Annual Reports DOAB Strategic Plan 2025 – 2028 Partnerships Projects Metadata harvesting and content dissemination News POSI self-audit Awards Accessibility and policies Directory of Open Access Books Over 101,000 academic peer-reviewed books Search query search Browse by subject language publisher DOAB is a community-driven discovery service that indexes and provides access to scholarly, peer-reviewed open access books and helps users to find trusted open access book publishers. All DOAB services are free of charge and all data is freely available. Featured Titles Showcase PRISM: Peer Review Information Service for Monographs The Peer Review Information Service for Monographs (PRISM) aims to provide information from open access (OA) book publishers, based on their peer review procedure. The goal of the service is to support trust in OA book publishing, by improving transparency around quality assurance of OA book publishers and their publications. read more DOAB is a service of spotlight Updating our publisher requirements: enhancing transparency and global inclusivity As DOAB continues to engage with many different stakeholder groups across a globally diverse community, and as the scholarly communications landscape continues to evolve, there is also a corresponding need to revisit the workflows and standards that inform our own work at DOAB. DOAB’s revised and updated criteria and requirements for publishers - which are only applicable to publishers submitting applications to DOAB after 1 March 2025 - are available here . blogpost Protecting Stability and Access: How We’re Safeguarding the OAPEN Library and DOAB Against Bot Traffic Surges We want to share an important update regarding the temporary access issues that some of our community may have recently experienced on our platforms. We are fully aware of the problem and are working tirelessly to resolve it.  The Challenge: An Unprecedented Surge in Automated Traffic  In recent... blogpost Blog Post: Introducing Our New Head of Technology, Anna Wałek We are thrilled to announce that Dr. Anna Wałek has joined the OAPEN Foundation as our new Head of Technology. Anna brings a unique and powerful combination of strategic vision, deep expertise in open science infrastructure, and a proven ability to lead technological transformation in academia. Her appointment... 127.0.0.1 Doabooks For Librarians For Researchers For Publishers Our Supporters Resources DOAB Licence (CC BY 4.0) newsletter subscribe to our newsletter view our news archive follow us on Bluesky donate credits Investir l'avenir MESRI European Union Address: Directory of Open Access Books Prins Willem-Alexanderhof 5 2595 BE The Hague Websites: DOAB www.doabooks.org OAPEN Home www.oapen.org OA Books Toolkit www.oabooks-toolkit.org website by Trilobiet