Solutions
Insights
About
Request Demo
Login
The Only AI-Powered Operating
System for Healthcare Marketing
Let's talk

Our patented AI understands multiple layers of context to enhance every HCP interaction in a privacy compliant manner, delivering measurably better outcomes, every time

At Doceree, we believe the role of AI is to add more context to every HCP interaction

Intelligence layer

The intelligence layer is for understanding who the HCP is — specialty, location and professional profile - leveraging AI to make messages personally relevant and directly applicable to their practice.

Get a unified view of every HCP with DataIQ. Find and activate your ideal audience through Marketplace.

Access all HCP insights on one platform
Build high-value HCP segments instantly
Enhance existing audiences with 50+ clinical attributes
Find HCP audiences that match your therapeutic focus
Activate custom HCP segments across campaigns instantly
Get in-depth audience insights
Reading layer

The reading layer focuses on analyzing what the HCP is learning now — current content and research topics — providing clinical timeliness so that messages align with their focus and interests.

Reach HCPs with context-matched messages on 2,000+ specialist medical publishers with Premium Programmatic. Scale precision to practices and institutions with ABM.

Identify high-value decision makers across 100K+ accounts​
Increase personalization without compromising reach​
Build stronger relationships with key accounts
Reach HCPs across 2,000+ specialist medical publishers​
Match your messages to clinical content automatically​
Engage them through message formats they prefer
Conversation layer

This layer focuses on understanding how HCPs prefer to engage — channel preferences and communication style — making messages feel naturally comfortable and non-intrusive.

Deliver real-time, MLR-compliant answers to HCPs with your always-on AI virtual representative — RepTwin.

Deploy AI reps trained on your brand instantly​
Engage HCPs 24/7 across their preferred platforms​
Deliver compliant conversations that adapt automatically
Workflow layer

This layer identifies when HCPs make decisions, delivering messages at the moment of truth to make them easy to action.

Reach HCPs within clinical workflows with POC. Enhance medication affordability with co-pay.com.

Access the largest co-pay database​
Deliver patient-specific co-pay messages within HCP workflows​
Improve medication affordability and adherence
Engage HCPs across 185+ POC platforms
Deliver clinically relevant, personalized messages to HCPs within workflows​
Build complex HCP targeting rules with AI
Experience layer

This layer analyzes how marketers orchestrate campaigns to ensure a cohesive experience, resulting in seamlessly connected and consistent message - just Ask Doceree AI.

Orchestrate all context layers from one dashboard​
Track HCP journeys across every touchpoint​
Automate cross-channel optimization in real-time
Our Product Suite Powering the Operating System

Get all actionable HCP insights on a single platform

Access and activate premium, verified HCP audiences ​

Deliver contextually relevant messages across 2,000+ specialist medical publishers

Engage key decision-makers at high-value accounts with intent-led messages

First ever AI-powered ad format that makes brand reps accessible to physicians 24x7

Deliver personalized, clinically-relevant messages within EHR workflows

Leverage the largest database of co-pay programs, available within HCP workflows

Enhance patient care with AI-driven, data-led messages, delivered within clinical workflows

Most comprehensive ad management platform, built exclusively for healthcare publishers

In just 5 years, we have become leaders in
AI-powered hyper-personalized healthcare messaging
0+
Pharmaceutical
manufacturers
0+
Media
agencies
0+
EHR
integrations
0+
Publisher
network
0+
Hospitals &
Health Systems
0M+
Verified
HCPs
Customer Testimonials

Doceree's strength lies in its ability to have an all-encompassing inventory and be an aggregator of diverse platforms. I also think Doceree's reporting capabilities are a real strength.

Marketing Head

Doceree can track back-listed prescriptions from the media. Doceree's dashboard is also very helpful. The dashboard provides insight into an ongoing campaign's performance and streamlines our analytical workflow.

CTO, eRx

Doceree is ahead of other solutions in terms of POC and HCP programmatic capabilities. I am also impressed with Doceree's data partnerships. Doceree has a robust relationship with EHR platforms and data partners and provides better HCP reach.

Director Media, Leading Global Media Agency

We like the fact that Doceree offers omni-channel orchestration and automation. We know that Doceree, unlike other aggregators, offers direct and fully integrated platform technology that enables faster & more granular reporting.

VP, Media Agency

Doceree's strength lies in its ability to have an all-encompassing inventory and be an aggregator of diverse platforms. I also think Doceree's reporting capabilities are a real strength.

Marketing Head

Doceree can track back-listed prescriptions from the media. Doceree's dashboard is also very helpful. The dashboard provides insight into an ongoing campaign's performance and streamlines our analytical workflow.

CTO, eRx

Doceree is ahead of other solutions in terms of POC and HCP programmatic capabilities. I am also impressed with Doceree's data partnerships. Doceree has a robust relationship with EHR platforms and data partners and provides better HCP reach.

Director Media, Leading Global Media Agency

We like the fact that Doceree offers omni-channel orchestration and automation. We know that Doceree, unlike other aggregators, offers direct and fully integrated platform technology that enables faster & more granular reporting.

VP, Media Agency

Doceree's strength lies in its ability to have an all-encompassing inventory and be an aggregator of diverse platforms. I also think Doceree's reporting capabilities are a real strength.

Marketing Head

Doceree can track back-listed prescriptions from the media. Doceree's dashboard is also very helpful. The dashboard provides insight into an ongoing campaign's performance and streamlines our analytical workflow.

CTO, eRx

Doceree is ahead of other solutions in terms of POC and HCP programmatic capabilities. I am also impressed with Doceree's data partnerships. Doceree has a robust relationship with EHR platforms and data partners and provides better HCP reach.

Director Media, Leading Global Media Agency
1
2
3
4
Our Work. Shared Knowledge.
Doceree bridges the affordability gap with co-pay.com

Building the largest database of co-pay and affordability programs

09-12-2025
Programmatic Marketing in Healthcare: Why and how to reach..

Discover how you can deliver tailored content that

25-08-2025
Team Doceree at Fierce Pharma Week

Unlocking the power of context with Doceree leaders

08-09-2025
Redefine HCP engagement with more powerful
context and more powerful outcomes.

Let’s connect
Schedule a Demo
Get In Touch
Where are you located?*
North America
UK/Europe
Asia–Pacific
Other
How can we help?

Doceree is the only AI-powered Operating System for healthcare marketing. We believe the role of AI is to bring richer context to every HCP interaction. Hence, our patented AI understands multiple layers of context to enhance every HCP interaction in a privacy-compliant manner, delivering measurably better outcomes every time.

Quick links
Point-of-Care

Premium Programmatic

Account-Based Marketing

DataIQ

Marketplace

RepTwin

Admanager

co-pay.com

Spark

Insights

About us

Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service - Advertiser
Program Policy Terms
Content Policy
Media and Partner Resources
Patient Affordability Program Policy
Terms of Service - Marketplace
Address

US Headquarters
150 John F Kennedy Pkwy, Suite 403,
Short Hills, NJ 07078

UK Office
Doceree UK Ltd Spaces, 83 Baker Street, London W1U 6AG

India Office
Max Square, Floor 11, Plot No. C3-C, Sector 129, Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, Noida, Uttar Pradesh 201304

Subscribe to our newsletter
  