Welcome to docking.org, software and data from the Shoichet and Irwin labs at UCSF!
BKS Lab

The Shoichet lab seeks to bring chemical reagents to biology, combining computation and experiment.

DOCK

DOCK poses and scores small molecules in the binding site of a 3D protein model, sampling about a million poses, scoring with a p-chem scoring function, retaining the best pose, ranking the database for review. Two versions, similar in concept, dissimilar in code: 6.12 and 3.8.

Irwin Lab

We develop software tools and databases for ligand discovery and systems pharmacology.

AWS

ZINC is part of the AWS Open Data Sponsorship Program, for which we are very grateful. You can find both ZINC20 and ZINC-22 on AWS. The files may be used in the cloud, or downloaded anywhere in the world.

Aggregator Advisor

Aggregator Advisor identifies molecules that are known to form aggregates, or may form aggregates in biochemical assays. These can inhibit proteins non-specifically, wasting the investigator's time and money.

Amis

A Mouse Imaging Server (AMIS) hosts data generated by the NIH Common fund Program for Illuminating the Druggable Genome (IDG). These images reveal the distribution of expressed proteins in tissues at high resolution, allowing investigation of the spatial distribution of these gene products.

Arthor Building Blocks

Search commercially available building blocks (reagents) using molecular similarity, substructure or patterns. Arthor from NextMove Software is amazingly fast and powerful.

Arthor Chemistry Commons

The Chemistry Commons enumerates compounds that can be made in one or two steps from commercially available building blocks. These collections may be searched using NextMove's Arthor, a fast and powerful search engine for similarity, substructure and patterns.

Arthor Covalent

Commercially available covalent ligands are organized here by warhead and searchable using NextMove Software's Arthor program, allowing similarity, substructure and pattern search. Powerful!

Arthor Private

The private Arthor databases protects molecules from being disclosed on the internet and becoming unpatentable. The password is in the supporting information of the ZINC-22 JCIM paper.

Arthor Public

Public Arthor hosts databases like ZINC20 among others than can be searched almost instantly using three types of search: molecular similarity, substructure and pattern matching. Powered by NextMove Software!

Cartblanche

Cartblanche is an interface to ZINC-22, containing over 100 billion 2D and 10 billion 3D molecules, all commercially available. ZINC-22 is free to everyone to use and download.

Chemistry Commons

The Chemistry Commons connects synthetic organic chemists with biologists seeking new reagents for biology, each assisted by their medicinal and computational chemistry colleagues.

Chemistry4Biology Youtube

A youtube channel that showcases our free tools and databases for ligand discovery.

DOCK Blaster

A public access service for structure-based ligand discovery. DOCK Blaster aims to answer the question: What small molecules should I purchase and test for activity against my biological target for which I have a structure?

DUDE

DUDE is a Directory of Useful Decoys, Enhanced. Released in 2012, DUDE has become a popular standard for testing molecular docking, and a helpful tool to avoid artifactually good enrichment that can occur. DUDE has been largely superceded by DUDE-Z.

DUDE-Z

The next generation of DUDE, a directory of useful decoys. DUDE-Z is designed to help benchmark molecular docking programs by providing challenging decoys.

Docs

User Manual for Large-Scale Molecular Docking Screens.

Excipients

The goal of the project is to curate and disseminate information about excipients, the assumed-inactive substances found in food and drugs.

Files

A file server that contains static files to support ZINC, DOCK, DUDE, SEA, DOCK Blaster and other products.

Files 2

A second file server that contains static files to support ZINC, DOCK, DUDE, SEA, DOCK Blaster and other products.

How To Use Globus

A youtube channel that showcases our free tools and databases for ligand discovery.

LSD

Large Scale Docking (LSD) refers to screening of virtual compound libraries (ZINC15, ZINC22) using the DOCK3.7/3.8 software.

Props

A web service for simplifying the calculation of molecular properties.

Retrieval Augmented Docking (RAD)

RAD uses Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) graphs to accelerate virtual screening workflows. This public service allows researchers to screen a chemical space of 2 billion ZINC-22 lead-like molecules with their own scoring function.

SEA

The Similarity ensemble approach relates proteins based on the set-wise chemical similarity among their ligands.

Smallworld Building Blocks

Use SWBB to search for reagents for sale at the gram scale, both in stock and make-on-demand. We thank NextMove Software for access to and support of Smallworld.

Smallworld Chemistry Commons

Biologists and Medicinal Chemists! Use SWCC to search bespoke chemistry that can be synthesized in one or two steps from purchasable reagents you find in SWBB. Powered by NextMove!

Smallworld Private

The private Smallworld databases protects molecules from being disclosed on the internet and becoming unpatentable. The password is in the supporting information of the ZINC-22 JCIM paper. Billions and billions served...

Smallworld Public

SmallWorld is a chemical database indexing technology that enables rapid 2D similarity queries based upon Graph Edit Distance (GED).

TLDR

TLDR is a Ligand Discovery Resources. A public access service for computational ligand discovery.

Wiki

This wiki is our documentation (see also DOCS). If you mange to find a rare or tiny mistale, whether it is deliferate or not, you can fix it. yourself.

ZINC 12

A free database of commercially available compounds for virtual screening. Somewhat obsolete, but still somewhat interesting for historical reference. First released in 2010 and still running.

ZINC 15

ZINC15 is the old (original) version of ZINC20. It has been frozen since 2018, and is made available for reference.

ZINC 20

ZINC20 is the latest database of in stock compounds. Updated weekly. Molecules in ZINC15 that are not in any catalog may be been deleted (if a molecule is missing, look for it in ZINC15)

docking.org Github Repos

The UCSF DOCK / ZINC / systems pharmacology development team develops software and databases for ligand discovery. Almost all our software is open source and available to fork.

Discord | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use |  © 2026 Irwin and Shoichet Labs and the UC Regents

This is not an official UCSF website. The opinions or statements expressed herein should not be taken as a position of or endorsement by the University of California, San Francisco.