Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here's how you know
Countdown to America's 250th Anniversary: 6 months4 days
Dismiss
America250
Newsroom
U.S. Department of the Interior
About
Bureaus
Media
Search
Stewarding Conservation and Powering Our Future
Recent News
The Trump Administration Protects U.S. National Security by Pausing Offshore Wind Leases
The Department of the Interior announced today that it is pausing—effective immediately—the leases for all large-scale offshore wind projects under construction in the United States due to national security risks identified by the Department of War in recently completed classified reports.
Latest News
12/11/2025
Completion of Tidal Basin Seawall Reconstruction Ahead of Schedule
12/10/2025
Interior Transfers Public Land to Navy to Support Border Security and National Defense
12/10/2025
Interior Advances American Offshore Energy Dominance with First Lease Sale Under the One Big…
Read more news
OUR MISSION

The U.S. Department of the Interior protects and manages the Nation’s natural resources and cultural heritage; provides scientific and other information about those resources; and honors its trust responsibilities or special commitments to American Indians, Alaska Natives, Native Hawaiians, and affiliated Island Communities.

Read More
More from the Interior
Play Video
Play
Mute
Loaded: 0%
Remaining Time 
-0:00
Audio Description is not available
Turn on captions
Picture-in-Picture
Fullscreen
Inside Interior
News and headlines from around Interior December 19, 2025
Watch Our Highlights
Webcams
Adventure awaits just about anywhere, thanks to wildlife cams. You never know what you'll see — it could be something amazing or nothing at all — which is part of the fun.
Find Webcams
Hearings and Appeals Case Inventories
Search for pending cases and issued decisions and dispositive orders.
Search Inventories
Return to top
SECTION TITLE
About DOI
Accessibility
Contact Us
Copyright
Disclaimer
Information Quality
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
SECTION TITLE
Budget & Performance
Cummings Act Notices
FOIA
Hearings and Appeals Case Inventories
Inspector General
No Fear Act reports
SUBSCRIBE
Enter your email address to subscribe to Interior news and updates
U.S. Department of the Interior
Stewarding Conservation and Powering Our Future

1849 C Street NW, Washington, DC 20240