Business Ready Skip to Main Navigation Search Global Search Search Home About Our Mission Project Milestones Meet the B-READY Team FAQ Publications Data Methodology News and Events Engagements Global Contributors Governments Home B-READY 2025 is now released! Latest Report Business Ready (B-READY) 2025 The Business Ready (B-READY) 2025 report assesses the regulatory framework and public services directed at firms, and the efficiency with which regulatory framework and public services are combined in practice. Download Data Reproducibility Package Download Report Arrow Our Mission Project Milestones Meet the B-READY Team FAQ Explore Data Topic Methodology Business Entry Utility Services Business Location Labor Financial Services International Trade Taxation Dispute Resolution Market Competition Business Insolvency Highlights B-READY Manual and Guide The protocols, processes, safeguards, and resources related to the end-to-end production of the B-READY data and reports B-READY Manual and Guide B-READY Methodology Handbook The project’s detailed measurement methodology topic by topic B-READY Methodology Handbook Economies covered by B-READY The first three editions of the B-READY report will gradually cover about 170 economies worldwide Economies covered by B-READY Enterprise Surveys (ES) Enterprise Surveys provide the world's most comprehensive comparable firm-level data in emerging markets and developing economies Enterprise Surveys (ES) General Business Entry Business Location Utility Services Labor Financial Services International Trade Taxation Dispute Resolution Market Competition Business Insolvency Select Topic True or False On selection, leaving this page General General Business Entry Business Location Utility Services Labor Financial Services International Trade Taxation Dispute Resolution Market Competition Business Insolvency General Questions Economies need to be rich to have a strong business environment. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. B-READY shows that economies of all income levels can have strong business environment. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. B-READY shows that economies of all income levels can have strong business environment. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all General questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data General Questions Most economies have room to improve across all B-READY topics. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. No economy scores the maximum in any topic. There is a large diversity across economies in adopting and implementing good practices, showing potential for improvement in all areas. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. No economy scores the maximum in any topic. There is a large diversity across economies in adopting and implementing good practices, showing potential for improvement in all areas. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all General questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data General Questions The amount and quality of public services provided by governments are similar across economies. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Public services vary greatly between economies, indicating different levels of government support for businesses to grow and expand. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Public services vary greatly between economies, indicating different levels of government support for businesses to grow and expand. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all General questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data General Questions Economies are better at enacting regulations than providing public services. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. Nearly all economies score higher in regulatory frameworks than in public services. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. Nearly all economies score higher in regulatory frameworks than in public services. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all General questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data General Questions Economies with favorable business environment in one topic tend to perform well in others. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. Economies that do well in one area of the business environment usually perform well in other areas too. Conversely, poor performance in one area often means poor performance in others. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. Economies that do well in one area of the business environment usually perform well in other areas too. Conversely, poor performance in one area often means poor performance in others. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all General questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Business Entry Questions Robust environments for starting up a company only exist in high-income economies. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Many low- and middle-income economies show high scores on Business Entry. A robust environment for establishing firms can exist at all income levels. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Many low- and middle-income economies show high scores on Business Entry. A robust environment for establishing firms can exist at all income levels. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Entry questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Entry Questions On average, it takes more time to incorporate a foreign firm than a domestic firm. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. Incorporating a firm with foreign ownership takes, on average, 7.47 days longer than incorporating a firm with domestic ownership (considering the sample of surveyed economies). Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. Incorporating a firm with foreign ownership takes, on average, 7.47 days longer than incorporating a firm with domestic ownership (considering the sample of surveyed economies). Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Entry questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Entry Questions None of the covered economies shows a weak performance in the business entry regulations. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. For Business Entry, within the subset of economies assessed, no economy presents a weak performance in the Regulatory Framework pillar (Pillar I). All B-READY 2024 economies have regulatory framework that aligns closely with international good practices and facilitates entrepreneurial activity by minimizing unnecessary restrictions. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. For Business Entry, within the subset of economies assessed, no economy presents a weak performance in the Regulatory Framework pillar (Pillar I). All B-READY 2024 economies have regulatory framework that aligns closely with international good practices and facilitates entrepreneurial activity by minimizing unnecessary restrictions. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Entry questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Entry Questions Economies tend to perform worse on Business Entry than on other B-READY topics. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Business Entry has the highest average score (67 points out of 100) across all topics. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Business Entry has the highest average score (67 points out of 100) across all topics. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Entry questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Entry Questions Most economies lack legislation on beneficial ownership requirements. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Most of the economies surveyed already adopted beneficial ownership legislation. Beneficial ownership requirements are a new area covered and measured by the Business Entry topic. Mandatory beneficial ownership requirements are good practice that can help prevent the misuse of corporate vehicles for illicit purposes and promote a safe environment for business start-ups. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Most of the economies surveyed already adopted beneficial ownership legislation. Beneficial ownership requirements are a new area covered and measured by the Business Entry topic. Mandatory beneficial ownership requirements are good practice that can help prevent the misuse of corporate vehicles for illicit purposes and promote a safe environment for business start-ups. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Entry questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Business Location Questions In most B-READY 2024 economies, formal review of building includes verification of compliance with energy-efficiency standards. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. In only 30% of measured economies, energy efficiency standards are verified as part of the building plans review process. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. In only 30% of measured economies, energy efficiency standards are verified as part of the building plans review process. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Location questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Location Questions Very few economies provide incentives to builders to promote green building standards. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. Only one in five measured economies offer builders incentives to promote green building standards. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. Only one in five measured economies offer builders incentives to promote green building standards. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Location questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Location Questions In most B-READY 2024 economies, the legal system requires identity verification for each party engaged in a property transaction. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. In 94% of measured economies, verification of identity of each party engaged in a property transaction is required. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. In 94% of measured economies, verification of identity of each party engaged in a property transaction is required. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Location questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Location Questions In most of B-READY 2024 economies, entrepreneurs can check encumbrances (liens, mortgages, restrictions, charges etc.) in a comprehensive and fully functional electronic database. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. A fully functional database for checking encumbrances exists in less than half of measured economies. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. A fully functional database for checking encumbrances exists in less than half of measured economies. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Location questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Location Questions Very few B-READY 2024 economies have national or local regulations or standards related to pollution and waste management in construction activities. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Almost all measured economies have national or local regulations or standards related to pollution and waste management in construction activities. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Almost all measured economies have national or local regulations or standards related to pollution and waste management in construction activities. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Location questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Utility Services Questions Most B-READY 2024 economies provide financial or non-financial incentives for businesses to adopt water-efficient practices. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Less than a quarter of covered economies provide incentivize businesses to adopt water-saving solutions. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Less than a quarter of covered economies provide incentivize businesses to adopt water-saving solutions. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Utility Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Utility Services Questions E-payment for electricity bills is most widespread in high-income economies. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Upper-middle-income economies have the highest adoption of e-payments for electricity tariffs, followed by high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Upper-middle-income economies have the highest adoption of e-payments for electricity tariffs, followed by high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Utility Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Utility Services Questions Most B-READY 2024 economies do not publish online Key Performance Indicators on the sustainability of electricity supply. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. In 66% of the economies, Key Performance Indicators for the sustainability of electricity supply are not available online. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. In 66% of the economies, Key Performance Indicators for the sustainability of electricity supply are not available online. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Utility Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Utility Services Questions High-income economies have the highest rate of independent complaint mechanisms for water services. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Independent complaint mechanisms for water services are most widespread in the lower-middle income group, followed by high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Independent complaint mechanisms for water services are most widespread in the lower-middle income group, followed by high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Utility Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Utility Services Questions Over two-thirds of measured economies do not have standards for digital environmental reporting or disclosure. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. 70% of economies do not have any reporting or disclosure standards in this aspect. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. 70% of economies do not have any reporting or disclosure standards in this aspect. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Utility Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Labor Questions On average, high-income economies offer the longest periods of paid annual leave. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Low-income economies offer the longest periods of paid annual leave, followed by high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Low-income economies offer the longest periods of paid annual leave, followed by high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Labor questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Labor Questions Workers in most economies have the right to collective bargaining. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. 90% of the surveyed economies protect the right to collective bargaining. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. 90% of the surveyed economies protect the right to collective bargaining. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Labor questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Labor Questions All economies have legislation on the workers’ occupational safety and health. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Not all economies measured in B-READY 2024 have occupational safety and health legislation for all workers. 7% do not have legislation on this matter. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Not all economies measured in B-READY 2024 have occupational safety and health legislation for all workers. 7% do not have legislation on this matter. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Labor questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Labor Questions Most of the measured economies have no restriction on the use of fixed-term contracts. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. 84% of economies have no restrictions on the use of fixed-term contracts for any type of task. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. 84% of economies have no restrictions on the use of fixed-term contracts for any type of task. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Labor questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Labor Questions All economies have a minimum age of admission for employment equal to or above 15 years old. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Just 76% of the surveyed economies have a minimum age of admission to work at 15 and above, while 22% of countries have a minimum age for employment below 15, and 2% do not regulate this matter. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Just 76% of the surveyed economies have a minimum age of admission to work at 15 and above, while 22% of countries have a minimum age for employment below 15, and 2% do not regulate this matter. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Labor questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Financial Services Questions Businesses in high-income economies receive most of their payments through e-payment. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. More than 75% of payments in high-income economies were received using electronic payment methods. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. More than 75% of payments in high-income economies were received using electronic payment methods. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Financial Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Financial Services Questions Firms in low-income economies are much more likely than firms in high-income economies to report complex procedures as the main reason they do not apply for loans. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. 15% of firms in low-income economies report complex procedures as the primary reason for not applying for loans, compared to only 2% of firms in high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. 15% of firms in low-income economies report complex procedures as the primary reason for not applying for loans, compared to only 2% of firms in high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Financial Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Financial Services Questions All payment service providers in B-READY 2024 economies must meet certain cybersecurity requirements. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. While 91% of surveyed economies have cybersecurity requirements for bank payment service providers, only 76% of them have such requirements for non-bank payment service providers. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. While 91% of surveyed economies have cybersecurity requirements for bank payment service providers, only 76% of them have such requirements for non-bank payment service providers. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Financial Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Financial Services Questions Credit bureaus and registries in high-income economies are more likely to offer credit scores, compared to other income groups. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. 71% of credit bureaus and registries provide credit scores in low-income economies, compared to only 56% in high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. 71% of credit bureaus and registries provide credit scores in low-income economies, compared to only 56% in high-income economies. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Financial Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Financial Services Questions In most B-READY 2024 economies, secured creditors can enforce their security interests through out-of-court procedures. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. In 90% of the measured economies, regulatory frameworks allow parties in a security interest agreement to bypass the courts and enforce their rights through methods like private sales, public auctions, or pactum commisorium. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. In 90% of the measured economies, regulatory frameworks allow parties in a security interest agreement to bypass the courts and enforce their rights through methods like private sales, public auctions, or pactum commisorium. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Financial Services questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data International Trade Questions A considerable number of the economies surveyed are using cross-border carbon pricing instruments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and make trade more sustainable. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. 16 of the 50 covered economies have a cross-border carbon pricing instrument, and it's considered a growing practice. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. 16 of the 50 covered economies have a cross-border carbon pricing instrument, and it's considered a growing practice. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all International Trade questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data International Trade Questions All high-income economies included in B-READY 2024 legally recognize and enforce foreign-issued electronic contracts and signatures. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. All high-income economies covered by the report enforce the legal validity of foreign issued electronic contracts and signatures. At the same time, only 4 out of 7 low-income economies do so. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. All high-income economies covered by the report enforce the legal validity of foreign issued electronic contracts and signatures. At the same time, only 4 out of 7 low-income economies do so. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all International Trade questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data International Trade Questions Trusted Trader programs are widely used to streamline and simplify border control procedures. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. 38 of the 50 covered economies have implemented a Trusted Trader program. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. 38 of the 50 covered economies have implemented a Trusted Trader program. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all International Trade questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data International Trade Questions Business transportation is a bigger obstacle for firms than customs and trade regulations. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. The share of firms that identify customs and trade regulations as a major or severe obstacle to trade is lower than the share of firms that identify transportation as a major or severe obstacle. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. The share of firms that identify customs and trade regulations as a major or severe obstacle to trade is lower than the share of firms that identify transportation as a major or severe obstacle. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all International Trade questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data International Trade Questions The costs to comply with exports and imports requirements are only a small fraction of the value of the goods. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. In some economies, import compliance costs are as high as 66% of the value of goods and export compliance costs reach 38%. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. In some economies, import compliance costs are as high as 66% of the value of goods and export compliance costs reach 38%. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all International Trade questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Taxation Questions Most companies file taxes electronically in half of the B-READY 2024 economies. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. In 25 of the 50 covered economies, 90% or more of surveyed firms reported filing taxes electronically. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. In 25 of the 50 covered economies, 90% or more of surveyed firms reported filing taxes electronically. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Taxation questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Taxation Questions Very few of the assessed economies disclose future tax plans. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. 60% of the measured economies publish online their full future tax plans, including, for example, a multi-year strategic plans, reform plans, or annual operational plans. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. 60% of the measured economies publish online their full future tax plans, including, for example, a multi-year strategic plans, reform plans, or annual operational plans. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Taxation questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Taxation Questions One out of four of the measured economies do not have an independent mechanism for reviewing the tax complaints. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. Over half of the assessed economies allow taxpayers to appeal tax audit results to an independent complaint review body within the tax administration. And another 20% of the economies have an external independent review mechanism instead. In the remaining 25% of measured economies no independent tax review mechanism (internal nor external) is available Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. Over half of the assessed economies allow taxpayers to appeal tax audit results to an independent complaint review body within the tax administration. And another 20% of the economies have an external independent review mechanism instead. In the remaining 25% of measured economies no independent tax review mechanism (internal nor external) is available Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Taxation questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Taxation Questions Most of the measured economies publish all fees and timelines associated with registering for all types of taxes. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. While almost all economies publish the timeline for all types of tax registration, only one-third of B-READY 2024 economies disclose all tax registration fees (or explicitly mention it when the registration is free of charge). Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. While almost all economies publish the timeline for all types of tax registration, only one-third of B-READY 2024 economies disclose all tax registration fees (or explicitly mention it when the registration is free of charge). Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Taxation questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Taxation Questions In half of B-READY 2024 economies, a tax audit is typically completed within one month. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. While the typical tax audit time ranges from 1 to 21 weeks, in half of the economies, tax audits are usually completed in 4 weeks or less. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. While the typical tax audit time ranges from 1 to 21 weeks, in half of the economies, tax audits are usually completed in 4 weeks or less. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Taxation questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Dispute Resolution Questions About a quarter of B-READY 2024 economies lack legal framework for arbitration. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. All economies covered by B-READY 2024 have a legal framework for arbitration. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. All economies covered by B-READY 2024 have a legal framework for arbitration. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Dispute Resolution questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Dispute Resolution Questions In low-income economies, legal systems do not explicitly empower enforcement agents to seize electronic assets, including cryptocurrency. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. In none of 7 low-income economies covered by B-READY 2024, enforcement agents are explicitly authorized to seize electronic assets, including cryptocurrency. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. In none of 7 low-income economies covered by B-READY 2024, enforcement agents are explicitly authorized to seize electronic assets, including cryptocurrency. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Dispute Resolution questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Dispute Resolution Questions Virtual hearings are not commonly available. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. 64% of B-READY 2024 economies offer a possibility to conduct court hearings virtually. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. 64% of B-READY 2024 economies offer a possibility to conduct court hearings virtually. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Dispute Resolution questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Dispute Resolution Questions Mediation is available for resolving commercial disputes in all economies. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. In 14% of B-READY 2024 economies, mediation still does not exist in practice. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. In 14% of B-READY 2024 economies, mediation still does not exist in practice. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Dispute Resolution questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Dispute Resolution Questions It takes more time to resolve a commercial dispute at the first instance level in high-income economies than elsewhere. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. In high-income economies, it takes almost 600 days to resolve a commercial dispute at the first instance level. This time is lower in all other income groups. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. In high-income economies, it takes almost 600 days to resolve a commercial dispute at the first instance level. This time is lower in all other income groups. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Dispute Resolution questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Market Competition Questions High-income economies score the highest on Market Competition. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Economies of different income levels perform well in Market Competition, including low-income ones. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Economies of different income levels perform well in Market Competition, including low-income ones. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Market Competition questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Market Competition Questions Most of the sampled economies have an online platform allowing entrepreneurs to manage their intellectual property rights electronically. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Only 38% of economies have an online platform allowing entrepreneurs to e-manage intellectual property rights. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Only 38% of economies have an online platform allowing entrepreneurs to e-manage intellectual property rights. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Market Competition questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Market Competition Questions Most economies provide protection for trademarks that have widespread reputation or recognition. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. 88% of B-READY 2024 economies provide protection for well-known marks. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. 88% of B-READY 2024 economies provide protection for well-known marks. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Market Competition questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Market Competition Questions More than 80% of economies have rules that say that, by default, government should purchase goods, services, or construction work in a transparent and competitive manner. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. Most of B-READY 2024 economies expect procuring entities to tender openly by default. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. Most of B-READY 2024 economies expect procuring entities to tender openly by default. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Market Competition questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Market Competition Questions It is rare for economies to post award decisions about government contracts online. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. 58% of economies e-publish their award decisions in practice. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. 58% of economies e-publish their award decisions in practice. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Market Competition questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Business Insolvency Questions Most economies regulate the necessary qualifications of insolvency administrators. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. In 48 of the 50 B-READY 2024 economies, the legal framework establishes a mechanism for the selection and appointment of an insolvency administrators, while in 49 economies the law sets out the cases in which an insolvency administrator may be disqualified. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. In 48 of the 50 B-READY 2024 economies, the legal framework establishes a mechanism for the selection and appointment of an insolvency administrators, while in 49 economies the law sets out the cases in which an insolvency administrator may be disqualified. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Insolvency questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Insolvency Questions Every B-READY 2024 economy has a practice of judicial liquidation of businesses. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Amongst the 50 B-READY economies, 6 do not have a de facto practice in judicial reorganization or judicial liquidation. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Amongst the 50 B-READY economies, 6 do not have a de facto practice in judicial reorganization or judicial liquidation. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Insolvency questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Insolvency Questions Only a few economies have electronic auctions conducted at the relevant courts. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is TRUE. Only a small subset of economies (7 out of 50) conducts electronic auctions at the relevant court, as measured by the Business Insolvency topic. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is TRUE. Only a small subset of economies (7 out of 50) conducts electronic auctions at the relevant court, as measured by the Business Insolvency topic. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Insolvency questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Insolvency Questions Most economies show strong performance in the public services related to business insolvency. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Business Insolvency is characterized by most economies showing weak performance in Public Services. Almost three-quarters of B-READY economies (37 economies) score less than 50 out of 100 on this area. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Business Insolvency is characterized by most economies showing weak performance in Public Services. Almost three-quarters of B-READY economies (37 economies) score less than 50 out of 100 on this area. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Insolvency questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Business Insolvency Questions Most economies have courts with specialized expertise in insolvency. TRUE FALSE Correct! This is FALSE. Only 44 percent of reviewed economies have courts with specialized expertise in insolvency. Explore Data Next Question Incorrect! This is FALSE. Only 44 percent of reviewed economies have courts with specialized expertise in insolvency. Explore Data Next Question You have answered all Business Insolvency questions. Try another topic to learn more! Explore Data Impressive! You've tackled every question across all sections. Take your knowledge even further by exploring the data and uncovering more trends! Explore Data Additional Information Authors Norman Loayza Director, Policy Indicators Group Norman Loayza Valeria Perotti Manager, Business Ready (B-READY), Global Indicators Group Valeria Perotti Meet the B-READY team Contacts General Inquiries b-ready@worldbank.org Get the latest updates Newsletter subscription Stay Connected LinkedIn Sign up for email updates Legal Privacy Notice Site Accessibility Access to Information Jobs Contact SCAM ALERTS REPORT FRAUD OR CORRUPTION IBRD IDA IFC MIGA ICSID © 2025 The World Bank Group, All Rights Reserved. This site uses cookies to optimize functionality and give you the best possible experience. If you continue to navigate this website beyond this page, cookies will be placed on your browser. To learn more about cookies, click here . ×