Dolphin Emulator - GameCube/Wii games on PC Download Blog Screenshots FAQ Guides Compatibility Community Discord Forum Wiki GitHub English Asturianu Bahasa Melayu Català Česky Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Español Ελληνικά Français Galego Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk (Bokmål) Polski Português Português (Brasil) Русский Svenska Türkçe 中文(中国) 日本語 한국어 Dolphin Emulator Dolphin is an emulator for two recent Nintendo video game
            consoles: the GameCube and the Wii . It allows PC
            gamers to enjoy games for these two consoles in full HD (1080p) with several enhancements: compatibility with all PC
            controllers, turbo speed, networked multiplayer, and even more! Download Dolphin 2512 for Windows, Mac and Linux » Super Smash Bros. Brawl The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess F-Zero GX Super Mario Galaxy 2 The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword Super Mario Galaxy Compatibility » Perfect: 69.4% Playable: 27.9% Starts: 1.9% Intro/Menu: 0.3% Broken: 0.4% Blog tags 3d 4.0 5.0 60FPS Accessory achievements adreno amd Analysis android announcement arm ARM audio ax-hle BBA bigfix bounding box bug bugfix cheats Cheats CI Commemoration community controller D3D D3D9 Datel Devdiary DevDiary discord Disney Trio of Destruction driver DS dsp-hle dvd timings Factor5 Feature Removal Foundation gamebug GameCube Gamehacks GBA gpu Graphics Hardware HD HDR hle homebrew input intel iPhone JIT Legal Licensing linking Linux mac macOS mali memory card mesa Metal miniupdate mod multiplayer netplay Netplay new feature nvidia OGL Online-play passthrough Patches performance progress report Qt qualcomm release releasecandidate rendering Review shieldtv Software Renderer sonic speedrun Steam Steam Deck stereo stereoscopy tas technical ubershaders Ubisoft ui Unlicensed updater video vulkan Wii WiiConnect24 wiimote Wiimote Wind Waker wx XFB zelda Blog series Dolphin Progress Report HLE Audio See all » Latest articles Dolphin Progress Report: Release 2512 Written by MayImilae , OatmealDome , JMC47 on Dec. 22, 2025 / Part of series Dolphin Progress Report / Forum thread With the holiday season reaching its apex, we have a few surprises for those of you that have been patiently waiting. The latest release of Dolphin is stuffed with treats. Our first present is presentation - frame presentation , that is. Two new options have arrived and will help users both reduce latency and smooth out games that struggle with frame pacing. Some games do outright naughty things that make emulation difficult. A slew of them are being coerced onto the nice list this year thanks to a sack full of patches … Read this article Starlight Spotlight: A Hospital Wii in a New Light Written by JMC47 on Nov. 14, 2025 / Forum thread Stars BG Image Credit: NASA, ESA, and D. Gouliermis (University of Heidelberg). Acknowledgement: Luca Limatola. Edited by MayImilae. Dolphin is not affiliated with the Starlight Children's Foundation. In the early 1990s, the world found itself at a crossroads of technological change. Electronic entertainment was blowing up just about everywhere, with Nintendo at the forefront of the home video game markets with their Super Nintendo Entertainment System console and Game Boy handheld. But if you were forced into an extended stay at the hospital, you might not have … Read this article Dolphin Progress Report: Release 2509 Written by MayImilae , OatmealDome , JMC47 on Sept. 16, 2025 / Part of series Dolphin Progress Report / Forum thread The Dolphin Blog is full of stories surrounding games, their development, and the challenges they present to emulate them. And in these stories, we sometimes have some recurring characters that we gain a better understanding of over time. Factor 5 and their Star Wars: Rogue Squadron games continue to amaze us time and time again as we find different ways that they push the hardware to its limits. The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker uses many graphical tricks to create a timeless style, that surprises again and again … Read this article © Dolphin Emulator Project - Website Source Code - Privacy Policy Mastodon verification