DomainTools - The first place to go when you need to know. DomainTools Announces Predictive Threat Feeds - Powering Preemptive Exposure Management Read More X Products Products Iris Intelligence Platform The first place to go when you need to know. Iris Investigate Map connected infrastructure to get ahead of threats. Iris Detect Discover and monitor lookalike domains with unmatched speed and coverage. Iris Enrich Integrate DomainTools data with SIEM, SOAR, and other tools. Farsight DNSDB The world’s largest Passive DNS intelligence solution. DNSDB API Unlock the power of 13+ years of historical passive DNS data, updated in real time. DNSDB Export The “on-premise” version of DNSDB API resulting in the fastest response time, unlimited query volume, and total query privacy. DNSDB Flexible Search Regular expression search across every label of a fully qualified domain name and select RData. Threat Intelligence Feeds If it’s happening online, you’ll know. Domain Visibility Daily risk-scored domain list and targeted feeds. Predictive Risk Score Predictive risk scoring and infrastructure profiling. Integrations Integrations SIEM Enhance threat hunting and domain alerts in your preferred SIEM. SOAR Create event playbooks and take targeted action with our leading domain intelligence. Threat Intelligence Uncover actor infrastructure and profile threats in your preferred platform. Getting Started Transform threat data into intelligence with top security vendor partnerships. Partners Partners Reseller Partner VAR’s, Distributors, MSSP’s and System Integrators can 
grow revenue and improve margins. OEM Partners Cyber Product and Service companies can quickly advance and differentiate your solution. Technology Partners Cyber Technology Companies enhance and expand 
your capabilities. Solutions Solutions By Use Case Threat Intelligence See the Internet. Identify risk. Phishing and Fraud Prevention Gain the early upper hand on emerging campaigns. Threat Hunting Make unknown threats known before they do damage. Brand Protection Defend your brand and reputation. Forensics & Incident Response Discover “who is” behind attacks and threats. Application Enrichment Build homegrown or third-party security applications with the world’s best Internet intelligence. By Industry Federal Government Strengthening cybersecurity resilience across government systems. Financial Services Increasing the financial sector’s resilience against attacks. Healthcare Bolstering protection and defenses for PII and PHI. Technology Helping defenders of the high-tech attack surface. Retail Safeguarding against data breaches, consumer-based attacks, phishing, BEC, and other threats. Company Company Leadership Meet our exceptional executive team of experts and industry leaders. Careers Join our team to collaborate with exceptional people who are dedicated to protecting the Internet. Pressroom Access the latest DomainTools news and press coverage. Contact We’re here to help with product info, pricing, and current and future account services. Resource Center Resource Center Knowledge Center Blog Explore our library of thought leadership articles and insights. Webinars Watch live and on-demand cybersecurity training from the DomainTools team. Podcasts Stream informative and exclusive episodes of DomainTools “Breaking Badness” podcast. White Papers Discover the real-world impact of DomainTools DNS intelligence. Client Resources User Guides Navigate DomainTools features effortlessly with our comprehensive guides. API Documentation Access everything you need, including endpoint, response formats, sample queries, and product service levels. Customer FAQs Explore our in-depth Frequently Asked Questions by category to get the answers you need. Featured Blog Proactive Defense with DomainTools Real-Time Feeds Read More - Support and Learning - Request a Demo Products Products Iris Intelligence Platform The first place to go when you need to know. Iris Investigate Map connected infrastructure to get ahead of threats. Iris Detect Discover and monitor lookalike domains with unmatched speed and coverage. Iris Enrich Integrate DomainTools data with SIEM, SOAR, and other tools. Farsight DNSDB The world’s largest Passive DNS intelligence solution. DNSDB API Unlock the power of 13+ years of historical passive DNS data, updated in real time. DNSDB Export The “on-premise” version of DNSDB API resulting in the fastest response time, unlimited query volume, and total query privacy. DNSDB Flexible Search Regular expression search across every label of a fully qualified domain name and select RData. Threat Intelligence Feeds If it’s happening online, you’ll know. Domain Visibility Daily risk-scored domain list and targeted feeds. Predictive Risk Score Predictive risk scoring and infrastructure profiling. Integrations Integrations SIEM Enhance threat hunting and domain alerts in your preferred SIEM. SOAR Create event playbooks and take targeted action with our leading domain intelligence. Threat Intelligence Uncover actor infrastructure and profile threats in your preferred platform. Getting Started Transform threat data into intelligence with top security vendor partnerships. Partners Partners Reseller Partner VAR’s, Distributors, MSSP’s and System Integrators can 
grow revenue and improve margins. OEM Partners Cyber Product and Service companies can quickly advance and differentiate your solution. Technology Partners Cyber Technology Companies enhance and expand 
your capabilities. Solutions Solutions By Use Case Threat Intelligence See the Internet. Identify risk. Phishing and Fraud Prevention Gain the early upper hand on emerging campaigns. Threat Hunting Make unknown threats known before they do damage. Brand Protection Defend your brand and reputation. Forensics & Incident Response Discover “who is” behind attacks and threats. Application Enrichment Build homegrown or third-party security applications with the world’s best Internet intelligence. By Industry Federal Government Strengthening cybersecurity resilience across government systems. Financial Services Increasing the financial sector’s resilience against attacks. Healthcare Bolstering protection and defenses for PII and PHI. Technology Helping defenders of the high-tech attack surface. Retail Safeguarding against data breaches, consumer-based attacks, phishing, BEC, and other threats. Company Company Leadership Meet our exceptional executive team of experts and industry leaders. Careers Join our team to collaborate with exceptional people who are dedicated to protecting the Internet. Pressroom Access the latest DomainTools news and press coverage. Contact We’re here to help with product info, pricing, and current and future account services. Resource Center Resource Center Knowledge Center Blog Explore our library of thought leadership articles and insights. Webinars Watch live and on-demand cybersecurity training from the DomainTools team. Podcasts Stream informative and exclusive episodes of DomainTools “Breaking Badness” podcast. White Papers Discover the real-world impact of DomainTools DNS intelligence. Client Resources User Guides Navigate DomainTools features effortlessly with our comprehensive guides. API Documentation Access everything you need, including endpoint, response formats, sample queries, and product service levels. Customer FAQs Explore our in-depth Frequently Asked Questions by category to get the answers you need. Featured Blog Proactive Defense with DomainTools Real-Time Feeds Read More - Support and Learning - Request a Demo Start Here. Know Now. Enterprise-grade domain intelligence to prevent, mitigate, and investigate attacks. Request A Demo Explore Iris Investigate Use Cases Do more with more. Do it with DomainTools. DomainTools is a critical layer and essential piece in the security stack of elite enterprises and performance-driven security teams. Power your optimal program below and see where DomainTools fits and can help you do more. Threat Intelligence Detect relevant indicators earlier in their lifecycle to identify and disrupt incipient attacks. Phishing and Fraud Prevention Know if and when malicious domains and infrastructure are spoofing your assets before they cause damage. Threat Hunting Discover IOCs and malicious infrastructure that may be hiding inside your network. Brand Protection Monitor lookalike domain names and protect your brand against cybercriminals. Forensics and Incident Response Respond to and triage potential incidents with confidence and speed. Application Enrichment Empower your homegrown or third-party security applications with the world’s best Internet intelligence. Threat Intelligence Detect relevant indicators earlier in their lifecycle to identify and disrupt incipient attacks. Iris Detect Iris Investigate DomainTools® Feeds More Threat Intelligence Phishing and Fraud Prevention Know if and when malicious domains and infrastructure are spoofing your assets before they cause damage. Iris Detect Iris Investigate Iris Enrich More Phishing and Fraud Threat Hunting Discover IOCs and malicious infrastructure that may be hiding inside your network. Iris Enrich Iris Investigate Farsight DNSDB More Threat Hunting Brand Protection Monitor lookalike domain names and protect your brand against cybercriminals. Iris Detect DomainTools® Monitors Iris Investigate More Brand Protection Forensics and Incident Response Respond to and triage potential incidents with confidence and speed. Iris Investigate Iris Enrich Farsight DNSDB More Forensics and Incident Response Application Enrichment Empower your homegrown or third-party security applications with the world’s best Internet intelligence. Iris Enrich Farsight DNSDB DomainTools® Feeds More Application Enrichment DomainTools® for OEMs DomainTools® for MSSPs Industries Leading the Pack Starts with Data Secure the Advantage with DomainTools. Data is more than numbers. It’s the driving force guiding tomorrow’s industry leaders. Discover the hidden potential of your sector with DomainTools. Federal Government Ensure the safety and integrity of critical digital infrastructure with preemptive intelligence that strengthens national cybersecurity efforts. Learn More Financial Services Proactively uncover fraud, uphold financial integrity, and reinforce your infrastructure’s defenses against tomorrow’s threats before impact. Learn More Healthcare Protect sensitive healthcare data, prevent breaches, and ensure patient trust and regulatory compliance when it matters most. Learn More High Tech Maintain your foothold on innovation while bolstering your defenses against the evolving cyber threat landscape by effortlessly integrating intelligence today. Learn More Cyber Products & Services Bring unmatched innovation, security, and capabilities to your cybersecurity offerings with seamless intelligence integrations that empower your products and services. Learn More Retail Gain consumer trust, protect customer relationships, and safeguard your brand by fostering unwavering resilience with data-driven insights. Learn More Who uses DomainTools? Trusted to deliver insight where it matters most. We’ve been at this a long time, and we understand the Internet better than most. That’s why DomainTools is trusted by: Over 700 enterprise customers 45 of the Fortune 100 8 out of the top 10 banks in the United States 3 of the 5 largest Internet companies 6 of the Top 10 rated cybersecurity companies 4 of the 5 largest government agencies All branches of the military Enrich any tool with the very best data Our mission is to generate world-class intelligence and make the online world safer. Add our data and insights to any other tool or program. DomainTools Results Absolutely Essential. Remarkably Efficient. The Enterprise Strategy Group (ESG ) , a renowned IT analyst and research firm, found that the DomainTools advanced detection and comprehensive domain intelligence significantly reduce organizational risk, boost security team efficiency by 79% , and provide an impressive ROI of 1,256% to OEM partners . Read the Full ESG report Detection at 3x the speed “Iris Detect and Investigate detected threats three days earlier on average, with most being detected within a three hour period.” 68% more malicious domains detected “Out of 1,000 domains determined to be malicious by Iris Detect, 68% did not appear in any other industry-standard blocklist.” Reduce performance cost by 79% “DomainTools customers reported a reduction in time and cost to perform domain-related intelligence tasks by 79% and avoiding roughly $259K in operational costs ” Detection at 3x the speed “Iris Detect and Investigate detected threats three days earlier on average, with most being detected within a three hour period.” 68% more malicious domains detected “Out of 1,000 domains determined to be malicious by Iris Detect, 68% did not appear in any other industry-standard blocklist.” Reduce performance cost by 79% “DomainTools customers reported a reduction in time and cost to perform domain-related intelligence tasks by 79% and avoiding roughly $259K in operational costs ” Navigate SOC Challenges  With Your Post-RiskIQ Ally DomainTools offers SOC teams advanced domain risk analytics, integrating fresh DNS, Whois data, and x.509 certificates for proactive defensive strategies. With 23+ years of historical records, DomainTools is the gold standard in SOC enhancement. See the Difference Watch our on-demand demo and get to know DomainTools right now. Experience DomainTools with a live query and see how fast it can be. Connect with an expert and book your custom one-on-one demo. Pricing Contact Login Support Request a Demo Solutions Use Cases Threat Intelligence Phishing and Fraud Prevention Threat Hunting Brand Protection Forensics & Incident Response Application Enrichment Industries Federal Government Financial Services Healthcare Technology Retail Products Iris Platform Iris Detect Iris Enrich Iris Investigate Farsight DNSDB Threat Intelligence Feeds Predictive Risk Scoring Hosting IP Risk Feed & Hotlist Domain Risk Feed & Hotlist Domain Visibility Feed Domain Discovery Feed Farsight Newly Active Domains Farsight Newly Observed Hostnames Farsight Newly Observed Domains DomainTools Monitors Integrations SIEM SOAR Threat Intelligence Anomali Cortex XSOAR CrowdStrike Elastic IBM QRadar IBM Resilient Maltego MISP Splunk Splunk SOAR TheHive and Cortex Partners Reseller Partner Technology Partners MSSP Partners OEM Partners Partner Portal Company Leadership Careers Pressroom Resources Resource Center API Documentation Events Support and Learning Link to Rss  this site Link to Facebook Link to Twitter Link to Linkedin © 2025 DomainTools DomainTools® and DomainTools™ are owned by DomainTools, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy | California Privacy Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information | Terms of Service | Sitemap