 
Buy domains
Sell domains
Domain Brokerage
Contact us
Login Login
Login
Registrier now! Lost password?
Buy domains safely

Success begins with the perfect domain - start now!

Buy domains Sell domains
Play it safe
 
Domain Brokerage

All transactions are monitored by our escrow team. Since 2005 we are 100% successful with transfers.

 
Secure money transfer

Transfers are made by our partner Realtime to our bank account in Austria. Carefree and safe.

 
Professional service team

It will be happy to answer your questions by phone or e-mail, and will assist you during the payment process and handling.

Buy domain

Your benefits when buying a domain via domainname.de

Support from the first bid to the successful domain transfer
The commission is paid by the seller, unless you hire us as your broker
On request support by our experienced broker team
Fiduciary, secure processing
100% success in transfers. All transfers have been successfully completed so far.
We would be happy to advise you on pricing
Learn more
Sell domains

Why your domain is in good hands with us...

Our well-experienced team of brokers will support you in your sales
Many sales options with a clear focus on a "deal"
Safe processing, trustee service
100% payout and successful transfers (no transfer ever "missed")
Periodical special auctions
Fair conditions already from 15% commission
Payment only when a "deal" is made
Learn more
Why domainname.de?
 
Years of experience

We have been successfully active in domain brokerage since 2005 and manage far more than 100,000 domains.

 
Support

We support your business from the first contact to the successful domain transfer.

 
Safety

We act as trustee for all domain transfers and money transfers. This ensures a safe handling of all deals.

We have been in the domain trading business since 2005 and have successfully brokered a wide range of domains since then.

Helpful Links
Buy domains
Sell domains
Domain Brokerage
FAQ
Prices
Contact us
Imprint & Privacy Policy
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Imprint

All Rights Reserved © 2026