Register domain names, .eu, .com, .mobi | Domaininfo.com Login/Register Account ▼ Currency : ▼ Language : ﻿﻿﻿ Home Our services FAQ Contact us New TLDs Call us: +46 31 720 20 00 Domaininfo has become Abion Domaininfo is closing soon. Continue managing your domain names by transferring your account to our new and improved platform Abion Core. Transfer your account Trademark Clearinghouse Monitor your trademarks. .Insurance .Shop .Tube .Group .Law Domain news All the latest news in domain names. May 13, 2025 Transfer your account... Sep 18, 2018 .me launches domain names... To celebrate the 10 Year anniversary of the .ME domain, the registry will launch a range of IDN scripts... Jul 16, 2018 ngTLD summer launches... During summer we are looking forward to several new gTLD launches. On 21st of July .abudhabi will enter general... Jul 12, 2018 .eu and Brexit... Domain names registered to UK residents or organizations established in the United Kingdom without presence in the EU, will... Jul 10, 2018 The local version of .gr ... .ελ, the local version of .gr launched today July 10 Most countries have their own country code top level... May 8, 2018 .APP is entering general ... .APP opened for pre-orders on March 29, allowing for trademark owners to register .APP domain names matching their trademark... Archive » ﻿ CONTACT US Kungsgatan 42 411 15 Göteborg, Sweden +46(0)31-720 20 00 support@abion.com General Agreements » General agreements » ICANN - Registrant rights and responsibilities » ICANN - Registrant benefits specification » Privacy WHOIS » Domain name contact Back to top Close Who can apply for a fi-domain name? Prerequisites for applying for a domain name are met, when the applicant is: a person of at least 15 years of age who has a Finnish Personal Identity Number and is domiciled in Finland a company, an organization or a private entrepreneur entered in the Finnish Trade Register, the Finnish Register of Associations or the Finnish Register of Foundations a Finnish public corporation a state-owned company an independent public service, public association or an embassy of a foreign state. Domain names may be applied for only after the Trade, Association or Foundation registration has been finalised. A pending registration is not sufficient. An applicant who has only a Business ID or is entered only in the tax administration register is not entitled to a domain name. According to the Act on Domain Names, the applicant is responsible for ensuring that the domain name is not wrongfully based on the registered name or trademark of another party. In the application form, the applicant must certify that the domain name is not a registered name or trademark that belongs to another party. What are the requirements for a fi-domain name? The length can be between 2 and 63 characters. The permitted characters are letters from a to ö, the numbers from 0 to 9 and hyphen (-) and the characters in the Lappish spoken in Finland. The domain name cannot start or end with a hyphen. The third and fourth characters may not both be hyphens. A domain name must not be based on another party's protected name or trademark. To check the registers, go to: https://domain.fi/info/index/hakeminen/mitavoihakea/lainkukaisuudenvarmistaminen.html Name servers Name servers transform the domain name into an address. Without the name servers that have been configured for the domain name, the website address of the domain name is not found on the internet and e-mail is not delivered. If you choose Domaininfo parking nameservers they will be automatically configured to fulfill the demands from Ficora. If you choose to use your own you must first set up a zonefile and then a MX-record in the zonefile. Authorization key Each domain name has its own authorization key, or a number, which will be sent to the domain name holder with the domain name decision. You may authorize us to make changes to your domain name by letting us use your authorization key. Renewing a fi-domain name A fi-domain name is valid for one, three or five years. We will renew it for you until you choose to cancel it from your account. Transfer of .fi domains In order to transfer your .fi domain between registrars you need your unique “authorization info code”. When you choose to transfer your .fi domain to a registrar you must provide this code to the new registrar. Close Proceed to checkout Please note that when searching for a new top level domain like .SHOP we cannot show premium or reserved domains. If your order contains such domains we will contact you with the correct price or if it is reserved by the registry. Matching domains The price for is not available at the moment but please contact us for a quote. / Months Other domain suggestions Proceed to checkout Available domains Registered domains Your domains Add all to cart The price for this domain is not available at the moment but please contact us for a quote. / Months The price for this domain is not available at the moment but please contact us for a quote. / Months Add to cart Transfer all domains Order snapback for all domains The price for is not available at the moment but please contact us for a quote. / Months Owner transfer all domain Cancel all domains Renew all domains Delegate all domains The price for is not available at the moment but please contact us for a quote. / Months Clear Cart Order summary (Excl VAT) Proceed to checkout Clear Cart Shopping Cart Your shopping cart is empty. Start by searching for a domain in the search bar above. | SUM : (excl VAT) Proceed to checkout Abort Order Continue Submit Back SUM : (excl VAT)