Domain names, hosting, consulting - DomainePlus.com Home Français fr My cart CLIENT AREA 1-877-990-2047 Home Français fr My cart CLIENT AREA Services About us Support DOMAIN NAMES Register a domain name Find the perfect domain name and reserve it before it's too late! Transfer a domain name Transfer your domain name to us and benefit from a centralized management. Renewing a domain name Renew your domain names in advance to avoid unpleasant surprises due to their suspension, the years will be added to the current period. WHOIS search To view public information about a domain name. WEB HOSTING SMB Hosting Whether your website is static, dynamic or transactional, our small business web hosting plans are specially designed to meet your needs! CORPO Hosting More disk space, more resources, better performance... These plans are worthy of big corporations! RESELLER Hosting With its unmatched customer service, DomainePlus.com is a partner of choice in resale! WEBSITE Design, maintenance, advice Being in business since 1997, our experts will be happy to help you in the realization of your web project! WordPress Solutions With more than a million intrusion attempts daily, your WordPress website needs regular monitoring and maintenance, luckily, we have the solution! GO Register a domain name Transfer a domain name Renewing a domain name SMB Hosting CORPO Hosting RESELLER Hosting Design, maintenance, advice WordPress Solutions About us Support WHOIS search As we say around here... On va arriver à Noël en même temps que tout le monde!* * Happy Holidays! Why choose DomainePlus.com DOMAIN NAMES With over 300 extensions to choose from, you're spoiled for choice! Your .ca at $25.95 /year* More information *See all extensions and prices WEB HOSTING Shared web hosting plans that fit your needs! Starting at $7.95 /month* More information *Price based on "Slim - PME10" plan for 1 year WEB CONSULTING Over 25 years of experience in design, maintenance and consulting! Starting at $19.95 /month* More information *Price based on "WordPress Solution (Basic)" for 1 year What they have to say about us I have been doing business with Domaineplus for 22 years. Over the years, I have always been well advised and well supported in all the Web projects for which I have been responsible. It's very reassuring to have access to a dedicated team whose integrity is unparalleled. Thanks! I take a few minutes to express my thanks for your patience, your listening, your concrete explanations that you submitted to us throughout the outcome of my case. You are polite, courteous and respectful; three big qualities that we no longer see in these internet times. In fact, I would recommend you to all of my clients. Thanks! Our Foundation has been a hosted client of DomainePlus.com for over 20 years. We have seen the beginning of the Internet by telephone line until today's optical fiber. The team of a few people at DomainePlus.com who have been the same for a long time, offered us more than perfect service. No issues with our sites were ignored and immediate solutions were provided. We have six hosted websites, most of which were created by this small team. The sites are functional, attractive to the eye and modifiable as needed. We have not experienced any server failure that could affect our services and their platform maintenance is without impact. I highly recommend all the services offered by this awesome team! Client for 20 years, for 4 different companies, the DomainePlus team always meets my needs in an attentive and personalized way. We also received a marketing award from the ATCQ in 2017 which included "the functionalities, user-friendliness and aesthetics of the website". I have always had good service with DomainePlus.com. It's a very nice team with polite and courteous staff, especially Mr. Alexandre Perron with whom I speak regularly. He is always smiling whether on the phone or in person. They take the time to respond to my requests, with clear and detailed examples so that I understand everything while taking the time it takes. We don't feel rushed. They also give practical advice. Whether on the phone or by email, returns are made quickly. Thanks ! The DomainePlus.com team offers personalized service. When we have questions, they are always available to answer them... No need to wait 2 weeks for a call back! In addition, for people like us who know less about the web, they take the time to explain clearly with easy-to-understand words and several examples. They are excellent popularizers! Doing business with DomainePlus.com means being sure to have a 5-star service. Over the past ten years, we have entrusted several mandates to the DomainePlus.com team and we have always been satisfied. Their professionalism, experience and attention to detail are unique in the industry. They take the time to fully explain to us the issues related to our projects and our requests. We always have the right explanation. In addition, we feel confident and we know that our data is protected and safe. My experience with DomainePlus.com has always been very satisfactory. The service is professional and personalized; they are really attentive to our real needs. They quickly execute all requests made to them while remaining courteous at each intervention. I also highly recommend them because their prices are competitive and their expertise is continuously updated and has been for several years now! Thanks to Steve and the whole team! Customer for more than 20 years, I found at DomainePlus.com a small team attentive to my needs. Unlike some big providers where it's hard to talk to the same person twice, at DomainePlus.com it's just the opposite. The team members know me and I have no difficulty getting a call back from the desired person within a reasonable time. We've been working with Domaine Plus for nearly 15 years now, hosting the sites of our various customers. This long-term relationship testifies to our appreciation of the service provided, whether for conventional Internet sites or those with advanced functionalities. Knowing that the Domaine Plus team is proactive and available when a critical situation arises is very reassuring. What's more, the great flexibility we're offered is greatly appreciated, and more in line with what we're looking for as an agency. Our projects are generally very specific and require this kind of flexibility. In terms of technology, we feel that Domaine Plus is evolving its offering in such a way as to remain competitive in terms of both specifications and costs. Bravo again! Our customers are in good hands. Claude Rousseau Independent consultant Danielle Hervieux Les Gestions Dane Hervieux gestiondh.com Benoit Dallaire Vice-president Fondation Poorna-Jnana Yoga fondationpjy.ca Annie Bertrand Camping Choisy campingchoisy.com Brigitte Bourget Municipalité de Noyan ville.noyan.qc.ca Marie-France Déry Co-Owner and General Manager Déry Automobile Ltee derytoyota.com Stéphanie Fraser Chaussures Pierre Roy chaussurespierreroy.com Marie-Eve Bédard Director of Operations Les Ateliers Bédard ateliersbedard.ca Jean Delisle Kebec's Cockers kebecs.com Benjamin Trépanier Senior partner, Cyclone Design Communications Next testimonial Contact our TECHNICAL SUPPORT 1.877.990.2047 Or by email by clicking here 900 boul. Industriel, suite 102 Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu Quebec, Canada J3B 8J4 Phone number : 514-990-2047 Toll free : 1-877-990-2047 Fax : 514-879-3216 support@domaineplus.com 1997 - 2025 DOMAINEPLUS.COM - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Terms and conditions | Privacy Policy POWERED BY