DonorsChoose: Support a classroom. Build a future. You're on track to get doubled donations (and unlock a reward for the colleague who referred you). Keep up the great work! Take credit for your charitable giving! Check out your tax receipts In a rush to make a major tax-deductible gift before the year's end? Purchase account credits now, and choose projects later! In a rush to make a major tax-deductible gift before the year's end? Purchase account credits now, and choose projects later! For direct assistance with credits or anything else, please call The DonorsChoose Scholar Society at (646) 556-9941. Time is running out! Make your 2025 tax-deductible gift before midnight on December 31. Donate To use your $50 gift card credits , find a project to fund and we'll automatically apply your credits at checkout. Find a classroom project Your promo code has been successfully applied and will be reflected in checkout. Check your email to verify your account and get started on your first project. Didn't receive the email? DonorsChoose Menu Skip to main content DonorsChoose Find a classroom to support TEACHERS: Get funded Partner with us About us Other ways to give Partner with us Is your company or foundation looking to make an impact? DonorsChoose offers the most direct way to make a difference for public school students and teachers. Cryptocurrency Would you like to use your cryptocurrency to make a donation? If you're interested in donating digital currency, we currently accept Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, or Litecoin. Account credits Do you want to donate once but support teachers year-round? Account credits are funds that you can contribute now and draw from later to fund classroom projects. Stocks If you choose to donate stocks, we'll guide you on what steps to take. After processing, you'll receive a gift code that you can use to support projects that move you. Legacy gift Thank you for considering us as part of your plans to leave an impact that supports education. You can name DonorsChoose as a beneficiary, and we'll help tailor exactly where you'd like your support to land. Give monthly Choose to donate monthly at a self-specified dollar amount. We'll charge you today and give you account credits that you can use to support projects that inspire you over the next 12 months. Donor-advised funds The best way to give to DonorsChoose through your DAF is with account credits. Purchase the credits, then pick projects to support over the next 12 months. IRA Do you want to choose projects with Qualified Charitable Distributions from your IRA? We'll help you generate the information your IRA Custodian needs. Help Web Accessibility Sign in Help teachers & students in your hometown this season! Use code HOME at checkout and your donation will be matched up to $100 . Your school email address was successfully verified. Got it Your web browser might not work well with our site. We recommend you upgrade your browser . Firefox Safari Google Chrome Microsoft Edge Choose students. Shape the future. Teachers need books, pencils, technology, and more to help students excel. Support a classroom in your community, or beyond, so every kid has the tools to succeed. See classroom projects Our efficiency and transparency have earned us the highest rating on Charity Navigator. near Find classroom projects near you Explore your local area View map Search Most urgent projects HIGHEST ECONOMIC NEED + CLOSEST TO FINISH LINE + FEWEST DAYS LEFT See all most urgent projects Give the most requested basic supplies See teacher requests About us Founded in 2000 by a high school teacher in the Bronx, DonorsChoose empowers public school teachers from across the country to request much-needed materials for their students. Right now there are thousands of teacher requests that you can help bring to life with a gift of any amount. Read the story Support teachers and students with a Monthly Donation Nov Dec Jan Choose a new project every month. We’ll charge you once a month, and you handpick the projects you want to support. No time to pick? We’ll use your donation to help an urgent teacher request. Support teachers monthly Give back to your community Find opportunities to impact local needs by exploring a map of classroom projects near you. See local area Transparency & Efficiency We know that you care about how effectively your donation is being used. That ' s why we show you how every dollar was spent, how you made a difference, and how grateful the students and teachers are! We ' ve received the highest possible ratings from: Charity Watch Charity Navigator Guidestar See finances Match offers YOUR DONATION TO THESE PROJECTS WILL BE MATCHED BY OUR GENEROUS PARTNERS See all match offers The most trusted classroom funding site for teachers As a teacher-founded nonprofit, we’re trusted by teachers, donors, administrators, and partner organizations across the country. Learn how to get funded Equity Focus School Projects HELP ADDRESS INEQUITY BY SUPPORTING OUR EQUITY FOCUS SCHOOLS See all equity focus school projects Looking to help out? There are thousands of exciting teacher requests that would benefit from a donation of any size! Find a request to support {"leadGenEnabled":true,"linkToProjectCreation":true,"showRecentDonationsOnExistingDonorHomepage":true,"minimizedLeadGenEnabled":true} Help center Find a project Gift cards / Store Partner with us Support us Volunteer with us Design playground Ways to give About us Our Equity Focus Join our team Communities Blog Media info Contact us Supporting teachers and students since 2000 DonorsChoose makes it easy for anyone to help a classroom in need. Public school teachers from every corner of America create classroom project requests, and you can give any amount to the project that inspires you. We've earned the highest possible ratings from Charity Watch , Charity Navigator , and Guidestar . EIN: 13-4129457 About Us Mission Impact Equity Focus Finances Staff & Board Careers Web Accessibility Ways to Give Find a project Account credits Gift cards Donor-advised funds Partner with us Give monthly Volunteer with us Leave a legacy gift Unrestricted gift Connect Help center Communities Media / Blog Open data Design playground Contact us Join our community: Information for Teachers , Principals , District Leaders , and Government Officials Open to every public school in America thanks to our partners Partner with DonorsChoose © 2000- DonorsChoose, a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation. Privacy policy | Manage Cookies | Terms of use | Schools