Doppler | Centralized cloud-based secrets management platform Platform Solutions Resources Customers Pricing Get Demo Start for Free Sign In Secure secrets. Prevent breaches. Keep teams moving. Securely manage, orchestrate, and govern your secrets and non-human identities at scale with Doppler’s cloud platform integrated with your favorite DevOps tools for secure workflows. Start for Free Your central hub for secure integrations Doppler integrates with popular CI/CD tools and frameworks to securely manage secrets and boost developer productivity. Doppler + AWS Reduce the need for direct AWS access and minimize the risk of unauthorized changes with a unified interface Learn More Doppler + Azure Gain Git-style activity logs with rollback support, secrets referencing, and webhooks on secret changes Learn More Doppler + GCP Ensure your secrets are always up-to-date and consistently managed across your cloud infrastructure Learn More Find your integrations Explore our catalog to discover how Doppler integrates with your projects, to enhance security at every stage Learn More Why companies choose Doppler Doppler scales with your team’s needs by automating API workflows and offering user-based pricing with no extra charge for machine identities. User-based pricing Only pay for what you need. No extra costs for non-human identities. Learn more SOC 2 and ISO compliant Secure and audit-ready secrets management for teams of any size Learn more Resources Your go-to-hub for videos, expert guides, whitepapers, and more Learn more Automate your APIs Empower your growing teams and ensure your DevOps infrastructure scales efficiently with robust support for webhooks and SDKs Learn more Eliminate secrets sprawl 49% of breaches involve credentials, with 86% of web application attacks stemming from stolen credentials. Learn more Software development Finance Health Agriculture " As we examined Paradox's needs, it became clear that solutions like Vault were too complicated. Vault’s Kubernetes integration was overly opinionated, dynamic access was complex, and the configuration was cumbersome. We needed something that didn't require a dedicated team to manage it. " Dan Steen VP of Infrastructure Read More More industry customers Securing the world’s secrets 47,000+ Startups and enterprises 30B+ Secrets read every month 99.99% Historical annual uptime Enter the new era of secrets management Trusted by the world’s best DevOps and security teams. Doppler is the secrets manager developers love. Start for Free Get Demo Loading status... Cookie Preferences Product Customers Pricing Changelog Doppler Share Universal Import Security Resources Whitepapers Guides Vault Akeyless Infisical Breach dashboard Glossary Developers Documentation API reference Bug bounty Compliance request Status Integrations Vercel Heroku Github Secrets AWS Secret Manager More... Community Discussions Need help? Feature requests Show and tell SecretOps for students Company Blog About Careers Resources & media Events Support Legal Terms of Service Privacy notice Data protection Sub-Processors Cookie notice Website terms Copyright © 2025 Doppler™. All rights reserved.