Make smarter people decisions using skill data. | DoSelect Products CoCaller Assessments SpeechSense Interviews Contests Solutions Recruit Upskill Mobilize Deploy Certify Engage Resources Webinars Press kit Help center Content Community Employer Login Request Demo Products CoCaller Assessments SpeechSense Interviews Contests Solutions Recruit Upskill Deploy Mobilize Engage Certify Resources Webinars Press kit Help center Content Community Employer Login Request Demo Talent Evaluation Decoded Make smarter people decisions using skill data Across the employment life cycle. Request Demo Trusted by 4000+ Clients Platform Milestones 1 Cr+ Assessments and Counting 8500 + HR Professionals benefited 4000 + Clients and Growing Your end-to-end Skill Assessment Solution DoSelect provides decision-makers with actionable skill proficiency data, allowing them to make sound business decisions across the employee lifecycle. Recruit Assess and hire talent with relevant skills. Upskill Build a customized learning path using skill data. Deploy Increase application proficiency to become deployment ready. Mobilize Enable mobility, promotion or HIPO decisions using skill data. Engage Increase talent engagement using gamified contests. Certify Improve the pass rate with practice assignments. Know More Recruit Assess and hire talent with relevant skills. Upskill Build a customized learning path using skill data. Deploy Increase application proficiency to become deployment ready. Mobilize Enable mobility, promotion or HIPO decisions using skill data. Engage Increase talent engagement using gamified contests. Certify Improve the pass rate with practice assignments. Explore solutions Features that Standout Built-in library with over 125K+ questions on diverse roles. Support for 25+ programming languages, 15 frameworks, AI/ML, Data science, UI/UX. Full stack and project-based evaluations with dedicated IDE. Insight-rich reports with code quality scores, deep code analysis, and performance insights. Assess test takers in an AI enabled proctored environment. Remote-ready self-serve platform. Reduce time to Hire Shorten the time taken to Learn Reduce time to Deploy AI Enabled Proctoring Detects instances of malpractices. TEST TAKER INTEGRITY Camera enabled. WEB SECURE Control on the browser. Built to scale Security Compliance Stability What our Clients have to Say Arjun Sivasundar PHD, L&D Leader DoSelect as a platform has grown immensely in the 3 years we have worked together. They have added new and useful features on a regular basis, improved existing features and of late have also been building quality content. Overall it has been a very successful partnership between Fractal and DoSelect. Achyuta Angadi TA Leader DoSelect has been very instrumental in streamlining our tech recruitment process at Glance. The coding assessments helped us get to the right candidates faster. Nikhil K Patil Senior Recruitment lead Given the difficulty in finding panel time for interviewing today, it made a lot of sense for us to adopt DoSelect.We assessed the candidates' skills to create a list of proven talent, and with DoSelect, we were able to reduce the number of interviews by one-third, allowing all of us to manage our time more productively. Pragya Prasad Learning Partner Relations It is a pleasure to work with DoSelect. They have helped us streamline our hiring process by eliminating manual intervention. We can simply create and share tests with the candidates. Our recruitment turnaround has become remarkably agile. It was an easy integration with our LMS and applicant tracking system through platform’s API. DoSelect’s support team has been very prompt and active in catering to all our requests. Thanks for your support, DoSelect team. We hope to continue strengthening our partnership. Request Demo Ready to use integrations Custom APIs for integration with your ATS, LMS and any other applications. Products CoCaller Assessments SpeechSense Interviews Contests Solutions Recruit Upskill Deploy Mobilize Engage Certify Company About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Credits Contact Us Employer Login CSR Policy Scheme of Amalgamation Resources Webinars Press kit Help Center For Individuals Create content Participate in Contests Signup