Fueling Young People to Change the World | DoSomething.org Be the spark that ignites a better tomorrow and take on climate-related actions across the nation! Search Help Contact Take Action Explore Causes Community About About DoSomething What We Do Who We Are Our Impact Our Partners Our Programs Tools for Educators Donate Log In Contact Us Help Center Log In Join Now Want to shape a better world? build your resume? gain volunteer credits? grow leadership skills? change the world? We'll help you do it! From climate action to mental health – decide what you care about, get the tools, and start taking action with other changemakers. Find your cause and start doing DoSomething members nationwide are doing their part to keep our waterways clean by cleaning up their streets ! Kihany is protecting their community by spotting and Reporting Scams . Gabriel cleaned up 19 bags of trash in their Street Sweep , keeping it out of our waterways. Sophie is Doing Something for Others by tackling food insecurity in her community. Members like Emma are Scam Savvy Stars when it comes to Spotting Scams online. Letter Bee Abby is making meaningful connections by sending letters to children battling serious illnesses. Join 0 people who took action since 1993. Learn more about impact Ready to Do Something? I care about Causes and want to Do Something See recommendations DoSomething x Paramount+ BOLDY GO GREEN Your mission starts now! Celebrate the release of the new Paramount+ show Star Trek: Starfleet Academy by taking action in a nationwide weekend dedicated to creating a better future through climate-related actions and volunteerism. You’ll earn volunteer credits and be eligible for a $1,500 scholarship! Sign Up to Join Create an Event Loading... Loading video... We've Got Your Back! DoSomething is a platform for young people who care about building a better world. Whether you’re just finding your voice or already a seasoned doer, we're here to help you take the next step to impact. We help you learn about the issues shaping our world, then we help you build skills, and confidence to take action. Join Now Loading... TOGETHER, WE'RE UNSTOPPABLE DoSomething champions you to create the change you want to see in the world. Together we can build a safer, kinder, and fairer world. Join Now Donate Prime Time Newsletter Strategic Plan Donate News & Press DoSomething Strategic Our Financials Articles Pays to Do Good Jobs & Internships Privacy Policy Terms of Service DOING GOOD MADE ACCESSIBLE Channel your passion into action with these featured opportunities. Boldly Go Green Join us in a 2-day, nationwide weekend dedicated to creating a better future through climate-related actions and volunteerism. You’ll earn volunteer credits and be eligible for a $1,500 scholarship! PROGRAM Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Explore More FIND YOUR PEOPLE Learn from other young people and DoSomething members about how they are turning their passion into action, and get the download on what’s happening with the issues impacting you. Uncensored: Banned Booklist Add one of these banned titles to your reading list today, and discover something new from a diverse group of authors and perspectives. ARTICLE Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Learn More Street Sweep Host your own Street Sweep and do your part to keep your streets and streams clean. You’ll receive 10 volunteer credit hours, and be eligible for the opportunity to earn a $500 scholarship! ACTION Ripple Effect Create and share a PSA promoting safe trash disposal in your community. You'll be eligible for the opportunity to earn a $250 scholarship! ACTION Report the Scam Report a Scam and help protect your community. Your experience could save someone else’s money, identity, and peace of mind. ACTION DoSomething For Others Join in the movement and help build connected, healthy, and sustainable communities. Earn Volunteer Credits PROGRAM Letter Bee Bee-gin building genuine connections through heartfelt letters, acts of kindness, and storytelling, while making a meaningful difference in the lives of those who need it most. MEMBER-CREATED ACTION Uncensored Stand up against book bans and embrace diverse voices, stories and perspectives by reading a banned book and sharing how you’ll advocate for it. ACTION A Student’s Guide to Managing Money Here are just some ways to help yourself stay on top of your finances and crush your academic goals without breaking the bank or your brain. ARTICLE Envisioning the Future Young People Lead at the NextGen Changemakers Event. ARTICLE Meet The Young Co-Designers That Helped Design DoSomething’s Glow Up! Shoutout to the next-gen visionaries behind our transformation, and here’s what they envisioned for our new brand. ARTICLE DoSomething's Diverse Mental Health Resources Read and share the diverse mental health and self-care resources below to help make a positive difference in you and your loved ones’ mental health. ARTICLE No Scam Zone Your go-to spot for tools, tips, and tricks to outsmart scammers. RESOURCES