Dotdigital: Cross-channel marketing automation platform Platform Products Marketing automation Save time and build connections with your audience with our Customer Experience and Data Platform Learn more » Cross-channel personalization Increase conversions by personalizing every channel with Fresh Relevance by Dotdigital Learn more » Channels Email SMS WhatsApp Ads Web Mobile App Data solutions Customer data Artificial intelligence Reporting & analytics Developer APIs The Dotdigital Difference WinstonAI™ by Dotdigital Services and support Responsible marketing Industries Industries Ecommerce Finance Sports View industry stories Travel Education B2B commerce Not-for-profit Media & publishing Enterprise Neal’s Yard Remedies Neal’s Yard Remedies transforms cart abandonment success with 419% increase in revenue Learn more » Partners Partnerships Integration partners Enhance your tech stack with our partners Agency partners Solve complex problems with our partners Become a partner Popular integrations Adobe Commerce BigCommerce Shopify Trustpilot Microsoft Dynamics Salesforce Shopware Oracle NetSuite Featured partners Donorfy Overdose Digital Silverbear Shopline Resources Success Blog Learn how to engage your customers Guides Get best practices and insights from experts Case studies See the success of Dotdigital's customers Events and webinars Hear from industry experts and leaders Platform learning Help center Developer hub Dotdigital Academy Trust center What's new Hitting the mark Discover the campaigns 100 top brands are using to make customers click, connect, and convert. Learn more » Pricing en English 日本語 Login Request a demo Personalized cross-channel marketing Create campaigns that win customers for life Watch demo Personalized Make every interaction personal Don’t accept the personalization-automation tradeoff. With Dotdigital you can have both. Say bye to lacklustre content and hi to scroll-stopping marketing campaigns. Cross-channel Design campaigns with customers in mind Consumers are hard to predict but that doesn’t mean you can’t be ready. With all the right channels in one place, we help you go the extra mile when they’re ready to take the next step. Informed Customer data you can rely on Informed marketers pip competitors to the post. Unified customer profiles, fuss-free integrations, and actionable reports mean you’ll never second-guess your next move. Campaigns built for success Make your marketing goals an easy, automated reality All-in-one marketing solutions Everything you need to scale Marketing automation For communication at scale Learn more Fresh Relevance For cross-channel  personalization Learn more Communications API For real-time updates and notifications Learn more Email If there were one channel to rule them all, this’d be it. Email ROI is hard to beat as long as you get your deliverability right. SMS/MMS Texts are short but deliver on impact. Perfect for time-sensitive offers and important reminders that require action. Web Deanonymize visitors and tailor your site to match in-store experiences. The conversions will speak for themselves. WhatsApp Tap into the world’s most used messaging app. Start two-way conversation with interactive content and instant support. Social & Ad retargeting Optimize your ad ROI across Google Ads, TikTok, Instagram and Facebook, with integrated retargeting solutions. Mobile app push Get creative and spark urgency with personalized mobile notifications that drive timely in-app actions. You don’t have to do it alone All our customers are partnered with a customer success manager who takes time to get to know you and your goals. They’ll help you make the most of Dotdigital from ideation, to automation, to incredible results. Trustpilot support around the clock We aim to answer calls in under 20 seconds and respond to live chats in less than a minute with our global support hubs. We’re not just a platform, we’re real people Our expert team spanning design, managed services, deliverability, messaging and technical solutions can help you overcome any marketing challenge. Marketing automation Let us show you around We know you’ll like what you see. Let’s talk. Request demo Platform Marketing automation Email marketing SMS marketing Platform tour Start a trial Request demo Company About Sustainability Careers Partner directory Become a partner Investor relations Contact us Learning Developer hub Help center Dotdigital Academy Trust center Events Guides Dotdigital blog SUBSCRIBE TO DOTDIGITAL Company This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email Your email address will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy . We gather data around email opens & clicks using standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our newsletter. Privacy Policy / Terms of Use / Cookie Use Policy / Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement / Dotdigital Investor Relations Dotdigital is a trading name of dotdigital EMEA Limited (company number: 03762341) whose registered office is at No. 1 London Bridge, London, SE1 9BG. Cookies Settings