Consent
Details
About
Cookie Preferences

We use cookies to make our website work smoothly, improve your experience, and show you relevant content and ads in collaboration with trusted third parties. By clicking "Allow all," you agree to these uses, including helping us with analytics and support. You can customize your cookie preferences in the settings and adjust them anytime.

Customize
Allow all
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
+1 (778) 819-7730
CAD
Webmail Login
Client Login
Doteasy
Domains
Web Hosting
Servers
Hosting for Wordpress
Security & SSL
Support
HOSTING FROM CANADA
Start your own thing with a .ca

A lot of great things come from Canada so why not start your business with a .ca

170+ Reviews on

Search
Search
Check out our plans for Web Hosting
Trusted by leading organizations

We're proud to have served over 500,000 clients including prestigious organizations like UBC, BCCDC Foundation for Public Health, and more.

MORE FEATURES
Robust hosting solutions that grow with you.

Whether you’re setting up your first domain or upgrading an existing site, we’re here to support you every step of the way. Our domains and hosting plans are affordable, simple, and easy to set up.

Domain name

Build your brand with a great domain name, recognisable to your customers in Canada and beyond.

Check out our plans

Email hosting

Get emails @ your domain FREE with all hosting plans. Enjoy email storage and POP/IMAP support.

Check out our plans

Shared hosting

Your complete hosting package at an easy price. Fast, reliable, and affordable.

Check out our plans

Business hosting

Enhanced performance, 6x RAM & CPU Power, FREE SSL and dedicated IP.

Check out our plans

WordPress hosting

Designed for WordPress. Experience the #1 CMS with pre-installed WordPress and optimized WP features, security, and support.

Check out our plans

Cloud hosting

Get complete control over a virtually unlimited supply of dedicated resources. Reliable, scalable, and 100% customizable.

Check out our plans
Get the domain of your dreams
We don't mean to brag.

We're just really proud of what we do. Expect the absolute best for you and your business with all of our Doteasy web hosting plans.

Resilient

Our infrastructure ensures optimum uptime for your website. We use hard drive, power supply, and network redundancy as well as 24/7 hardware and server monitoring to detect and prevent problems before they even arise.

Secure

Establish a secure HTTPS connection, build trust with your customers and boost SEO search rankings with secure SSL - FREE with all hosting plans.

Fast

Access up to 30X faster SSD web hosting and 6x the RAM + CPU power. Meet web security standards with a dedicated IP address and secure HTTPS.

Carbon-neutral

Hosting your site with Doteasy makes a difference for the planet - we rely on renewable power and are committed carbon-neutral practices in all our data centers around the world.

EVERYWHERE YOU NEED US TO BE
Canadian excellence, available anywhere.

We’re proud to offer the best of our Canadian roots around the world. Our global presence means fast connection for you and your customers, no matter where you are.

Managed hosting for major growth

Our team of experts give you direct support to help you with the administration, maintenance, and security of your website. With our team taking care of your website hosting needs, you can watch your business grow, and spend more time on what matters to you most.

Hassle-free hosting environment
Giving you complete control and more free time
User-friendly cPanel interface
Super secure sites

Take advantage of security features for all aspects of your website to protect your website and gain visitor trust. SiteLock scans your website for malware and demonstrates to your visitors that you are a trustworthy business.

SSL Certificates encrypt data for secure data transfers (eg. credit card transactions, logins, etc.)
Deter hackers and gain the trust of both visitors and search engines
Get peace of mind with auto backups and one-click restoration
Free email protection

All Doteasy hosting plans come with custom domain email addresses and a mailbox at no added cost! Choose to add advanced mail protection to filter out spam, viruses and suspicious emails. Just one protection plan covers all email accounts under your domain name.

Catch and review suspicious emails before they even reach your inbox
Set custom filter policies and create whitelists and blacklists
Plus receive bonus domain email storage
WHY OUR CUSTOMERS LOVE US
Doteasy leaves me speechless!

This company leaves me speechless!! They are always willing and ready to help when I am stuck on a project. They take the lead so I don't have to struggle trying to figure out all the steps it would take me to get it done. They are very professional, patient, and friendly. I have been with for a few years and I don't have one complaint, and never have had any. I highly recommend them to anyone just starting out. Even if you are a pro in this area, Doteasy is the place to take your business. I left another company before I found Doteasy and so glad that I switched.

Read more
Get the help you need, when you need it.

We're known for being nice. With over 20 years of web hosting industry experience, our expert team can help you through any question or issue. Whether you're just starting out or a website expert, we're here for you.

Ask us anything
Frequently asked questions

Here are our most common questions about what we do and how we can help you at Doteasy.

What is web hosting?

Can I host my own website?

Do your hosting services come with a control panel?

How should I choose my domain name for my website?

Can I buy a domain name without web hosting?

Why do I need a business website?

Why do I need a domain email?

Do your hosting solutions include email?

How can Doteasy help small business owners succeed?

What are the benefits of Doteasy WordPress Hosting solutions?

Why should I transfer my website, domain, or web hosting to Doteasy?

Where are Doteasy's web servers located?

Footer
Doteasy

Making life easy with Doteasy's web hosting and domain solutions.

Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Web Hosting
Shared Web Hosting
Business Web Hosting
Cloud Web Hosting
Reseller Web Hosting
Canadian Web Hosting
Joomla Hosting
Drupal Hosting
Website Builder
Solutions
Wordpress
Custom Domain
Transfer Domain
Email Protection
Auto Site Backup
SSL Certificates
Support
Customer Login
Create New Account
Contact
Report Abuse
Place New Order
Company
About Doteasy
Referral Program
Company Details
Terms of Service
Blog
Reviews
+1 (778) 819-7730
CAD
Privacy Manager | 
Terms & Conditions
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Company Details
 | 
Accessibility Statement
 | 
Registrants Rights & Responsibilities
 | 
Acceptable Usage Policy
 | 
Referral Program Agreement
 | 
Promo T&C's

© 2025 Doteasy. All rights reserved.