Reliable Web Hosting & Domain Services | DotRoll Login Register +36 - 1 - 432 - 3232 Contact us HUF - Ft EUR - € USD - $ Menu Domain Domain registration Domain resale Domain backorder Domain name watch Domain extensions Website Website creation Webshop creation Marketgoo SEO tool Web hosting SSD Web hosting SSD Web hosting NVMe SSD Web hosting NEW WordPress SSD web hosting Sitebuilder Web Hosting Configuration E-mail E-mail hosting packages Website and e-mail transfer VPS VPS packages NEW Premium VPS packages Security SSL Bitdefender antivirus NEW Bitdefender Mobile Security Bitdefender Business endpoint protection Bitdefender Business Mobile Security SiteLock website security Resellers Blog Knowledge Base Manage your domain name with us! CHOOSE FROM HUNDREDS OF TLDs DIFFERENT NEEDS, DIFFERENT WEBHOSTING SOLUTIONS VPS By using resources precisely tailored to your server needs, you don’t have to pay for the unused capacities of a physical server, and you can avoid large investments in a server for your startup service. More offers cPanel Web Hosting You don’t have to worry about the speed of your website and mailbox. We use only SSD drives in our webspace servers. Due to this and the high domestic and international bandwidth of our server room, your visitors will enjoy the quick loading of your website. More offers Reseller Web Hosting If your clients don’t understand and you manage their webspace, or if you wish to provide your client with limited access, this is the right choice. Customizable plans and prices, almost unlimited possibilities! More offers NEW TLDs? HURRY UP, DO NOT MISS! If the desired domain name with .com or .net ending is reserved, choose one of our new domain endings! .tech Are you a tech guru? Let it show with a .tech domain name. Search and register a .TECH domain .family If you plan to have a family website in place or if you wish to share the most beautiful moments of your family with others. Search and register a .FAMILY domain .global Does your company plan international expansion? This domain shows your visitors that they are browsing the website of a large organization. Search and register a .GLOBAL domain .life Would you share the beauties of life with others? You can easily do this with a .life domain. Search and register a .LIFE domain .company Is your company name reserved with a .com ending? With the .company TLD everyone can know the name of your company. Search and register a .COMPANY domain .best This is for the best ones! This domain shows that your product is the best. Search and register a .BEST domain .live Is your life an open book and you wish to show it to others? The .live TLD is made for you. Search and register a .LIVE domain .team Create the website of your team and publish it with a .team domain name. If you use it in your e-mail address, it will show that you are a member of a team. Search and register a .TEAM domain FEATURES OF SERVICES Our services have the following features. SSD drives In our web servers we use SSD drives for data storage and serving of incoming requests. Thanks to this technology the serving speed of websites is significantly faster than with the traditional SAS/SATA HDDs. Reliable servers DotRoll uses only the best quality SuperMicro servers due to their world class reliability and performance. We provide our clients with unparalleled speed and availability. Backups We create automated weekly backups of each storage space. You can restore your database with one click or you can manage the backups of your files or databases on an individual basis with the application developed by us. Resource protection The technology used by us identifies excess resource usage and manages storage spaces in an isolated file system separated by users. This ensures the quick serving of storage spaces, protects the users and reduces the risks on webspace servers. Indeed, these reports are also available to our clients in the interface. High level of security All of our storage space accounts are situated in an isolated file system, thereby eliminating the risk of security incidents affecting multiple accounts. We offer intrusion detection and web application protection with Mod Security. In addition, our CXS and CSF protection ensures proactive and periodic protection against viruses and cracks, as well as the automatic banning of IP addresses. Applications with one click installation You can install any popular CMS website software with one click, may it be a complete website manager, forum, blog or web shop, without programming and developer skills, with automatic updates. Upgraded domain manager You can easily monitor all domain operations (registration, transfer, update, DNS management, replacement of name servers etc.) with our one stop domain management system that offers a wide range of Hungarian and international domains. API interface We believe in automated and controlled processes. We provide all our customers and resellers with API access, may it be a service related to domain or webspace management. Wide support PHP 4.4, PHP 5.1, PHP 5.1, PHP 5.3, PHP 5.4, PHP 5.5, PHP 5.6, PHP 7.0, PHP 7.1, PHP 7.2, PHP 7.3, Perl, Python 2.7, Python 3.3, Python 3.4, Python 3.5, Python 3.6, Python 3.7, Node.js 6.15, Node.js 8.14, Node.js 9.11, Node.js 10.14, Node.js 11.3, Ruby 1.8, Ruby 1.9, Ruby 2.0, Ruby 2.1, Ruby 2.2, Ruby 2.3, Ruby 2.4, Ruby 2.5, Git, SSH, MariaDB 10.1, PHPMyAdmin, Rsync, Cron, Redis, CloudFlare, FTP, POP3, POP3S, IMAP, IMAPS, SMTP, SMTPS, SSL, Apache, ... Contact DotRoll Kft. 1148 Budapest, Fogarasi út 3-5. +36 - 1 - 432 - 3232 support@dotroll.com 11713005-20406563 (OTP Bank) Registration number: 01-09-882068 Tax number: HU13962982 Support Client access Knowledge Base Download documents Tickets Webmail login phpMyAdmin Our service statuses Contact point Information Whois Cookie policy Privacy policy Impressum Mission Legal statement Terms of Service About us DotRoll Kft. is one of the biggest domain registrars in Hungary. We manage over 140 000 domain names and we have .hu (ISZT), .eu (EURid) and .com .net .org (ICANN) accreditation, and therefore we have direct access to the registry databases of the above TLDs. © 2007 - 2025 DotRoll Kft. All rights reserved Prices are subject to change without prior notice. Please note that only companies and residents of Hungary are eligible for HUF payments. * For companies and residents in Hungary. Please note that only companies and residents of the European Union (except Hungary) are eglible for EUR payments. * For companies with a European Union tax number (except Hungary). Please note that only companies and residents <strong>not</strong> in the European Union are eligible for USD payments. * For companies and residents outside the European Union. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.