Where to buy solutions for brands | DOTTER Try For Free Menu Menu SOLUTIONS Engage Personalise Optimise Implement DOTTER FOR... Website Social Video Display Email Search Why Dotter Pricing Our Work CONTACT US Make all of your digital content instantly shoppable "Where to Buy" solutions seamlessly embedded in moments. ANY retailer,  ANYWHERE in the world, set up in seconds. Monetise your content, increase your bottom line, improve customer satisfaction and loyalty, and make your digital budgets work harder. GET STARTED 🚀 NO CODING REQUIRED 4 WEEK FREE TRIAL Up and running in minutes Making all of your digital content shoppable couldn’t be easier Dotter’s suite of highly configurable, consumer tested templates cover all media types & use cases Website Learn more... Social Learn more... Video Learn more... Display Learn more... Email Learn more... Search Learn more... The first step in exceeding your customers' expectations is to know those expectations Fast, Dynamic Integration Commerce Builder drives increases in online and offline sales, and maximises conversion, loyalty and shopper satisfaction rates - all while improving media performance and ROAS. Winner! 😎 Find out more Seamlessly turn insights into actions that improve your bottom line Understand the full shopper journey from engagement to purchase, with actionable data that rapidly improves customer journey, conversion, media, creative and retailer performance. Find out more Over 80% of consumers seek price, availability & review information Dotter delivers the shopping experience consumers are looking for and empowers them to make a fully informed buying decision - away from your competitors FIND OUT MORE Where to Buy & Buy it Now Provide a direct path to purchase from paid, owned & earned digital content, using our multi-retailer digital shopfronts with realtime price, availability and more. Store Locator Deliver an interactive mapping tool showing detailed product availability alongside physical store locations, with contact details, opening hours, directions and more. Supporting you is our obsession Consumer experience is everything - and Commerce Builder guarantees that with best in class technical capabilities & 99.9% uptime. Chat with our team Combined with the decades of experience and passion for your Shoppable success that the Dotter team brings, we’ve got you covered. What Dotter is saying: Team Dotter is passionate about delivering the best digital shelf solution out there - we love what we do... And our clients do too! The solution provided by Dotter was easy to implement, has been tailored to our needs and meets our requirements perfectly! The monthly reporting is also crucial in evaluating our website performance as a sales driver. Rob Stanworth Content, Social & Community Manager, Meatless Farm Co Next © Dotter Ltd ‍ Dotter Home Dotter for Websites Dotter for Social Dotter for Video Dotter for Display Dotter for Email Dotter for Search Why Dotter Business Pricing Our Work Blog Careers Contact Social Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Legal Terms Privacy Cookies