 Support
 Login
Product
Integrations
Database
Customers
Resources
Get pricing
Get a Demo
Menu Menu
Raise more money from corporate matching gifts.

Don’t wait for matching gift disbursements from requests that will never be submitted to employers.
Bring matching gift next steps to your donors no matter where they give across the web.

Get started

Donation Made

Matching Gift Eligibility Analyzed

Matching Opportunity Identified

Matching Gift Request Submitted

Donation Matched

Finally meet your matching gift potential.

With Double the Donation, most nonprofits outperform the industry average by at least 200%. What can your organization look forward to when you start using our tools?

Get a demo
	With Double the Donation	Without Double the Donation
	With Double the Donation	Without Double the Donation
How many matching gift requests will my donors submit, out of all my eligible donors?	60 – 90%	10 – 20%
How many of my donors will open
emails about matching gifts?	53%	20%
How much will my matching gift revenue grow year-over-year?	50%	0%
How much time will my team save by not chasing down matching gifts?	80%	0%
How much will my donors increase their original donation amounts because of our
thoughtful, automated matching gift messaging?	51%	0%
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
Turn every donation page into a matching gift opportunity.

Double the Donation Matching integrates with every major donation form, peer-to-peer tool, and CRM, plus 100+ others. No matter where your donors give, Double the Donation will be there to help donors take advantage of any available matching gift opportunities.

explore integrations
We get results for nonprofits of all sizes and cause areas.

From increased matching gift revenue to top-tier support to seamless setup, our clients couldn’t be happier. But don’t take our word for it! See what they have to say.

browse more

We have integrated Double the Donation into all of our donation forms, and the intuitive process makes it so that constituents with all levels of technical capabilities can obtain and understand the matching gift information they need.

27% increase in matching gift revenueSenior Manager, Donor Database, Lung Cancer Research Foundation

We love that Double the Donation Matching easily integrates with GiveCampus for our crowdfunding campaigns. We saw a huge spike in matching gifts after implementing it for our Day of Giving, and this integration has made it easy to increase our revenue without requiring additional staff resources.

300% higher email open rate than industry averageSenior Director of Annual Giving, Marietta College

We worked directly with Double theDonation and iModules (now Anthology) to get the matching gift tools up and running on our Encompass giving forms a few months before the official integration was released. Our experience with the Double the Donation team was exceptional. Their technical and client success teams were highly transparent and responsive when working with us on design, accessibility, and data flow. Unsurprisingly, we’ve seen a great amount of success with the combined tools since we fully integrated.

More than $45,000 in matches identified in 1 monthDirector of Web Services, Syracuse University Advancement and External Affairs
1
How do we do it? Meet Double the Donation Matching.

Double the Donation Matching discovers matching gift opportunities in real time as your donors give to your organization. Then, while your donors are still engaged in the giving mindset, our platform nudges them to submit their matching gift request directly to their employer.

explore our software
Revolutionize matching gifts with auto-submission.

Remove barriers to submission by allowing donors to automatically submit match requests from your online donation process.

LEARN ABOUT AUTO-SUBMISSION
Grow Revenue Across Multiple Workplace Giving Programs

Our tools go beyond matching gifts. We also have solutions to help you grow volunteer grants, payroll giving, and more.

That means you can grow workplace giving revenue across programs to power your mission. Double the Donation helps you turn one piece of supporter employment information into multiple revenue opportunities.

Explore our workplace fundraising solutions

Leave no stone unturned with the Double the Donation database.

The secret behind Double the Donation’s success is no secret. Our team maintains the largest, most robust and accurate matching gift and workplace giving database in the industry. If a donor is eligible for a workplace giving opportunity, we’ll find it.

learn about the database
Ready to raise more from workplace giving?
get a demo
Get started
Explore our Product
Auto-submission
Browse our Integrations
Meet our Customers
Get Pricing
Attend a Demo
The Database
About the Database
Add a New Company
Update Company Information
Resources
Blog
Webinars
Guides and Reports
Matching Gift Basics
Volunteer Grant Basics
Top Matching Gift Companies
Top Volunteer Grant Companies
About
About Double the Donation
Contact Us
Common Questions
Trust Center
Request a Quote

Ready to start with Double the Donation?
Request a demo and quote today!

Get a Demo
Copyright © 2009 - 2024 Double the Donation. All Rights Reserved
Link to LinkedIn
Link to Youtube
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Scroll to top