marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. If you agree, cookies are also used to serve advertising and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see. Learn more

Agree
No thanks
Marketing Platform
Meaningful insights.
Smarter marketing.
Better results.
Google Marketing Platform brings together your advertising and analytics to help you make quality customer connections, surface deeper insights, and drive better marketing results.
Talk to Sales
A smarter platform for better results.

Deliver faster, smarter marketing.

Built-in intelligence automatically surfaces your most valuable marketing insights so you can act quickly to achieve your goals.

Gain more control over your investments.

Easily see what parts of your marketing are working and make informed decisions to improve performance — ensuring that you’re delivering quality experiences.

Understand your audience on a deeper level.

Easily integrate and access your data to gain a deeper understanding of your customers and identify your most valuable audiences.

Share insights across your team.

Make information and insights accessible to your entire enterprise so teams can work better together.

The results are incredible, it actually helped us transform our whole vision. We want to be a global brand. Google Marketing Platform facilitates that growth.

Martijn van der Zee, Chief Digital Officer, Rituals

Powerful solutions, together in one platform.
Display & Video 360

Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.

Learn more about Display & Video 360
Analytics 360

Use advanced tools to get a deeper understanding of your customers so you can deliver better experiences.

Search Ads 360

Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.

Tag Manager 360

Manage all your tags in one place for a smarter, simpler way to oversee your marketing.

Campaign Manager 360

Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.

Designed to work together.

Google Marketing Platform solutions are built to work together, so you can easily access shared data across products — to deliver better customer experiences.

Reach the right customers.

Easily connect data from across Google products, including Google Ads — to quickly uncover insights.

Go to Integration Center
Tailor your measurement with Ads Data Hub.

Use Ads Data Hub to join event-level campaign data from Google Marketing Platform and Google Ads with data from your own sources, such as a CRM system or marketing database, to run customized analysis that aligns to your specific business objectives while protecting user privacy.

Learn More
Do more with Google Cloud.

You can use Google Marketing Platform together with Google Cloud to unlock advanced marketing use cases like building predictive models to get new insights to improve marketing performance.

Learn more
The Future of Analytics.

In new research from Forrester Consulting, commissioned by Google, marketers and digital analytics decision makers identify key challenges and opportunities for the next wave of analytics.

Read more
Stay in the know.
GUIDE
The CTV playbook: how the latest technology can amplify your CTV performance
Read more
GUIDE
The marketer’s playbook for navigating today’s privacy environment
Read more
REPORT
The Future of Analytics
Read more
See all resources
Looking for small-business solutions?

With plenty of free solutions, Google Marketing Platform can help grow businesses of any size.

See solutions
News and insights delivered to your inbox.

Sign up to get the latest Google Marketing Platform news, success stories and insights, delivered right into your inbox.

Subscribe

Follow us

About Google Marketing Platform
Overview
For Small Businesses
For Enterprise
Learning & support
Support
Blog
Analytics Academy
Skillshop
Google Primer
Developers & partners
Google Marketing Platform Partners
Analytics for developers
Tag Manager for developers
Campaign Manager 360 for developers
Related products
Google Ads
Google AdSense
Google Ad Manager
Google Cloud
Firebase
More from Google
Think with Google
Business Solutions
Google Workspace
Privacy
Terms
About Google
Google Products
Manage cookies
 Help
Change language or region
简体中文
Deutsch
English (UK)
English (US)
Español
Français
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Português (Brasil)