Dow Jones – Trusted News & Data Search Login Contact Open Menu Close Menu Dow Jones Business News Back | Business News ADVERTISING & PARTNERSHIPS Connect your brand with influential audiences Contact sales PUBLICATIONS Trusted financial news, market data and investment insights Business News wsj OFFERINGS The Wall Street Journal WSJ. Magazine WSJ+ WSJ Pro WSJ | Buy Side WSJ Wine more publications MarketWatch Barron’s Investor’s Business Daily Financial News Private Equity News (PEN) Mansion Global SOLUTIONS FOR Individual Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Subscriptions Partnership Packages Investment Data Back | Investment Data Business Intelligence Premium news and data, advanced analytics and actionable insights All business intelligence Contact sales Explore events Resources Learning programs Data by newswires Inform trading and investing decisions with real-time data and analysis Investment Data Solutions for Asset Management & Institutional Trading Financial Desktop Integration Quantitative Strategies Wealth Management & Online Investing Featured products Content Feeds & APIs Multilingual News Services NewsPlus and Newsletters Newswires GenAI Feed Newswires Tiles & Workflow Solutions Corporate Research Back | Corporate Research Business Intelligence Premium news and data, advanced analytics and actionable insights All business intelligence Contact sales Explore events Resources Learning programs Research by factiva Power business decisions with premium global news and intelligence Corporate Research Solutions for Business Development Competitive Intelligence Corporate Communications & Reputational Risk Management Research Featured products Factiva Factiva AI Research Solutions Factiva Curated Newsletters Factiva Feeds & APIs Industries Consulting Corporate Industries Financial Industries Government & Central Banks Risk Management Back | Risk Management Business Intelligence Premium news and data, advanced analytics and actionable insights All business intelligence Contact sales Explore events Resources Learning programs Risk & compliance Manage regulatory and reputational risk and compliance Risk Management Solutions for Bribery and Corruption Risks Corporate Credit Risk Detection Financial Crime Compliance Geopolitical and Security Risk Sanctions Risk Supply Chain Risk Trade Compliance Featured products Data Feeds & APIs Dragonfly Security Intelligence Analysis Service Dow Jones Integrity Check Dow Jones Risk Journal Due Diligence Research & Reports Factiva Sentiment Signals Global Risk Insights Advisory Oxford Analytica Daily Brief RiskCenter Advanced Screening & Monitoring RiskCenter Financial Crime RiskCenter Third-Party RiskCenter Trade Compliance Industries Banking Investing Manufacturing Oil & Gas Payments Pharma Energy Markets Back | Energy Markets OPIS Energy Trusted pricing data and insights for energy markets Explore OPIS Contact sales Explore events Energy Markets Solutions for Analysis & Forecasting Consulting News & Insights Price Discovery & Reporting Products by market Chemicals Petrochemicals Refined Fuels Renewable Fuels Environmental Commodities Retail Fuel Pricing Wholesale/Rack Fuel Pricing More Products Leadership Offerings Back | Leadership Offerings the WSJ Leadership Institute Exclusive executive experiences, network connections and insights More about programs Explore membership Explore events Leadership Offerings Leadership Councils Chief Executive Officer Council Technology Council Chief Financial Officer Council Chief Marketing Officer Council Chief People Officer Council Board of Directors Council Chief Compliance Officer Council About Back | About About Your gateway to trusted business media and intelligence About Dow Jones Explore Leadership Events Careers Advertising Resources STORIES Press Hub Press Releases All Stories Login Contact Open Search Popular searches: careers leadership press smart money Close Search The Latest December 31, 2025 Elon Musk's Deadline Has Arrived. Will An Unsupervised Tesla Robotaxi Ring In The New Year? Investor Business Daily														/															26 mins Stock Market Today: Dow Dips Ahead Of Jobless Claims; Nvidia, Rocket Lab Rally (Live Coverage) Investor Business Daily														/															27 mins Here’s what’s worth streaming in January 2026 on Netflix, Hulu, HBO Max and more MarketWatch.com														/															39 mins 8 Books to Read: The Best Reviews of December WSJ.com														/															39 mins Silver Prices Plummet After Record Surge. The Rally Is Dangerous. Barrons.com														/															42 mins Western Digital Ends 2025 as the S&P 500’s Best Stock. This Ad-Tech Stock Had a Bleak Year. Barrons.com														/															44 mins SpaceX, Anthropic and 4 more companies that could make an IPO splash in 2026 MarketWatch.com														/															57 mins I’m 35 and the only house I can afford is a mobile home. Is it a bad idea to buy one? MarketWatch.com														/															1 hr Silver, gold and copper are trouncing stocks. What a key chart level suggests could be ahead for 2026. MarketWatch.com														/															1 hr Here’s the tech stock that could set the pace for 2026, and it’s not in the U.S. MarketWatch.com														/															1 hr Bitcoin Rises to End a Tough Year. Why Traders Bet on a 30% Fall in 2026. Barrons.com														/															1 hr How a Divided Fed Could Define the S&P 500 in 2026 Barrons.com														/															1 hr These Stocks Are Moving the Most Today: Nvidia, Tesla, Hecla, Newmont, Nike, Vanda, Western Digital, and More Barrons.com														/															2 hrs Nvidia Stock Is Drifting. This Could Get It Going Again. Barrons.com														/															3 hrs Charles Schwab Is Back on Offense. Its Stock Is a Buy. Barrons.com														/															12 hrs Dow Jones Futures Fall On 2025's Final Day; Eli Lilly, Shopify Forge Buy Points Investor Business Daily														/															15 hrs Trump Media just launched five ‘Made in America’ ETFs, testing whether political power is an investable theme MarketWatch.com														/															16 hrs The 5 Best Stocks to Play AI in 2026, According to Wall Street’s Loudest Tech Bull Barrons.com														/															17 hrs Russia Doubles Down on Allegations Ukraine Targeted Putin Residence WSJ.com														/															19 hrs ‘He has become hostile’: My mom is in her 80s and has dementia. My brother is blocking access. MarketWatch.com														/															1 day Dogs of the Dow Had a Strong Year. Here Are the 10 Stocks for 2026. Barrons.com														/															1 day ‘I’m fed up’: My selfish mother-in-law has controlled me for 30 years. How can I regain my power? MarketWatch.com														/															2 days I’m afraid my financial adviser will steal my money. I’ve read too many cautionary tales. How can I be sure? MarketWatch.com														/															3 days These ‘Quality’ Stocks Are Trading at a 40% Discount to the Market. Act Now. Barrons.com														/															5 days UPS and 11 Other Stocks With Sky-High Dividends and No Clear Answers Barrons.com														/															8 days Previous Next Play video Pause video Turning news and data into decisions Dow Jones delivers trusted news, data, and intelligence to help leaders see clearly, act quickly, and move confidently. Business News The world’s source for business news and market insight Grounded in facts, shaped by experience, and defined by editorial standards that don’t waver. Premium news for decisions that matter, in business and in life. Get the facts, follow the markets, and see what’s coming with trusted reporting and expert analysis. Explore all publications Business solutions Data, analytics, and reporting built for business decisions Empowering businesses with premium data, AI-driven analytics, and actionable insights to ensure regulatory compliance, inform strategic decisions, and drive growth in competitive markets. Explore all business solutions Risk Management Ensure compliance and manage regulatory and reputational risk with best-in-class, reliable and actionable data and platforms. Explore risk management Energy Markets Leading news, data, and analysis for energy, chemical, and environmental markets worldwide. Explore energy markets Corporate Research Power strategic decisions with news, information and business intelligence, enhanced by the power of GenAI. Explore corporate research Investment Data Strengthen financial decisions by leveraging trusted real-time news, data and analysis. Explore investment data From headline to action, data that drives decisions When every move counts, you need experience, speed, and scale you can trust. 70M+ Professionals at 16,000 organizations rely on Dow Jones 2,000+ Experts deliver the reporting and analysis behind smarter decisions 700+ AI specialists build the models powering next-generation intelligence Millions Of signals are monitored daily to keep you ahead of what’s next 33K+ Global sources feed the most complete view of business and markets 11,500+ Companies are tracked in real time for actionable corporate events the WSJ Leadership Institute Where the world’s top minds come together to grow, lead, and influence The WSJ Leadership Institute is a members-only network of the world’s most influential leaders across industries, sectors, and borders. Join the community shaping what’s next in business, technology, and culture. Explore membership Events Bringing visionaries together to drive ideas into action Our global conferences, special interest forums, and exclusive experiences are designed to move conversations forward and turn ideas into real-world impact. Explore events Contact Us Let’s find the right solution for you Whether you’re looking to stay informed, manage risk, or grow smarter, our team can help. Connect with an expert About Events Careers Press Resources Developer Get in Touch Support Sales Advertising Sponsorships Equal Opportunity Code of Conduct Security Supplier Code of Conduct Privacy Notice Modern Slavery Statement Cookie Notice PIB Content Privacy Notice Our Culture Accessibility Statement UK Gender Pay Gap Report ISO 27001 ISAE 3000 & Data Quality Reports LinkedIn X