doxo | Transforming the Bill Pay Economy™ Skip to main content Personal Explore doxoBILLS doxoPLUS Find a Biller Insights Explore Reports About Company Careers Contact News & Awards Support User Support Biller Support For Billers How it works Log In Sign Up All-in-One Bill Pay with doxoBILLS Pay and manage all your bills from any device with doxo, plus FREE payment delivery options. doxo helps over 10 million people break free from the burden of paying bills while protecting financial health and accomplishing financial goals. Manage Your Bills doxoBILLS brings together the 6 essential elements for paying your bills. Manage Your Bills Sign Up Unified Bill Pay Calendar Organize and pay all your bills in one place to over 120,000 billers. Pay Bills See how it works Private Pay Wallet Pay any bill without ever sharing your bank or card information. Add your payment methods See how it works Real-Time Bank Balance (With a Linked Bank Account) Link your bank to activate FREE payments and view your real-time account balance before each payment. Link your bank account $1M Identity Theft Protection Identity Theft Protection with up to $1M in coverage for losses and restoration with a doxoPLUS Subscription. Enroll in doxoPLUS Credit Score Protection Track and improve your credit score with a doxoPLUS Subscription. Enroll in doxoPLUS Insights doxoINSIGHTS makes it easy to compare any type of bill or the total cost of bills in your local area or anywhere across the country. Explore Insights Say hello to a faster, safer, and more convenient way to pay bills Break free from the burden of paying bills across multiple platforms. With doxo, you can manage all your bills and due dates in one place, pay anytime, on any device, free of delivery fees when paid with a linked bank account. doxo helps over 10 million people break free from the bill burden, protect financial health, and accomplish financial goals. Free Features for you: Pay all bills with a single secure login 120,000 Payable Billers Real-time tracking of payment delivery FREE due date reminders FREE mobile app FREE Payments with Linked Bank Account Sign Up doxoPLUS provides comprehensive protections for your bill paying that help strengthen your financial health. $5.99/month doxoPLUS Features: $1M Identity Theft Protection Credit Score Protection Overdraft Fee Protection Late Fee Protection Private Pay Protection FREE Payments with Linked Bank, ACH and most Debit Cards Enroll in doxoPLUS What our customers say “Absolutely love it!” I absolutely absolutely love the app. I think it’s way easier to pay my bills. Fast, efficient can’t say enough good things about it and I would recommend this app to anybody and everybody! “Fast and easy!” Fast and easy! Love it! “All in one app” I love doxo. It used to take me all evening to write checks, address envelopes, and mail my bills. Now I’m all done in ten minutes. Thank you for a great app! “Anytime & Anywhere” So easy I can do it anytime and anywhere! Latest News News Looking To Move To Another State? These Are the 10 Most and Least Expensive for Household Bills News The most—and least—expensive U.S. states based on the median monthly costs of essential household bills News Sacramento pays $4K more on household bills than US average News How affordable is Kansas City? Residents are paying more than average on these bills News How affordable is Wichita? Here’s how monthly bills in the city compare to US average News Americans’ everyday bills are still rising steadily—here’s how much they’re eating into your budget every month Search... for: doxoPLUS $1M Identity Theft Protection Credit Protection Overdraft Protection Late Fee Protection Private Pay™ Protection doxo Network: Online Bill Pay Alarm & Security Bills Health Bills Home Services Bills Insurance Bills Loan & Credit Card Bills Mobile Phone Bills Mortgage Bills Phone, TV, Internet Bills Toll Roads & Travel Bills Utility Bills Support User Support Biller Support Insights Explore Reports About News Careers Contact Follow Us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Terms of Service Privacy Security Fraud Prevention Legal Bill payments are processed and delivered by Cass Commercial Bank, Member FDIC. Truex Payments, Inc., delivers your payment instructions to Cass Commercial Bank for processing and delivery. To improve user experience, doxo uses cookies that track certain user activity. Visit doxo’s Privacy Policy to view details and access settings. © 2025 doxo inc. doxo is a registered trademark of doxo inc.