Digital Public Library of America Skip to Main Content Digital Public Library of America Show Menu Browse by Topic Browse by Partner Exhibitions Primary Source Sets My Lists About DPLA News DPLA Pro Browse by Topic Browse by Partner Exhibitions Primary Source Sets My Lists About DPLA News DPLA Pro Digital Public Library of America Donate Discover 53,616,842 images, texts, videos, and sounds from across the United States Search Browse by Topic New? Start Here Online Exhibitions Browse all Exhibitions Race to the Moon A History of US Public Libraries Building the First Transcontinental Railroad From Colonialism to Tourism: Maps in American Culture American Empire In Focus: The Evolution of the Personal Camera Primary Source Sets Browse all Sets The Transatlantic Slave Trade Fannie Lou Hamer and the Civil Rights Movement in Rural Mississippi Second Ku Klux Klan and The Birth of a Nation John Brown's Raid on Harper's Ferry The Equal Rights Amendment The Invention of the Telephone The Hudson River School The Scopes Trial How can I use DPLA? Education Educators and students explore our Primary Source Sets to discover history and culture through primary sources and ideas for classroom use. Family Research Genealogists use our search tools to find free materials for their family history research projects. Lifelong Learning Lifelong learners enjoy browsing by topic and viewing Online Exhibitions to learn more about their interests. Scholarly Research Scholarly researchers use DPLA to find open access sources from archives across the country through a single portal. If you’re new to DPLA, these research guides will give you a head start using our site. The guides reflect a few key activities that attract visitors to DPLA, but you can explore many other interests here too. View all user guides DPLA News Browse the archives Announcing a New Team Member September 29, 2025 Announcement: We are thrilled to share that Tania Ríos Marrero is our new Engagement Coordinator. Tania is a librarian and community facilitator with a decade of experience in libraries and… Call to serve: DPLA Board of Directors Nominations September 25, 2025 The Digital Public Library of America (DPLA) is excited to share that our Board of Directors is commencing an open call for nominations for individuals to serve three-year terms as… Safeguarding Collections Using the Decentralized Web August 27, 2025 Preservation of digital cultural heritage has never been more pressing. With ongoing staffing and budget cuts in our field—plus many other kinds of threats, from natural disasters to technical disruptions—libraries… Stay informed Get the latest DPLA news in your inbox DPLA Frequently Asked Questions How Can I Use DPLA? Terms & Conditions Harmful Content About DPLA Contact Us Feedback News Tools Primary Source Sets Browse by Partner Browse by Topic Exhibitions My Lists Search DPLA Pro DPLA Pro Home Prospective Hubs Hub Network Developers Education Projects Ebooks Events Donate DPLA linkedin Facebook Instagram