Product 
Resources 
Alliances 
Customers 
Company 
Contact Sales
Sign In
Get Started
Continuous Trust,
Powered by AI

Drata's AI-native platform helps you automate compliance, manage risk, and accelerate security reviews – so your business can grow faster.

Get a Demo
Based on 1,000+ reviews
TRUSTED BY MORE THAN 7,500 CUSTOMERS - INCLUDING 33% OF THE CLOUD 100
The Problem
Traditional GRC Is Manual, Siloed and Reactive

Disconnected tools, manual processes and reactive workflows create risk, slow revenue growth, delay audits and make it harder to prove trust – internally and externally.

Manual Compliance Slows Business Growth

Manual audits and siloed tools block scale, speed, and market expansion.

Automate Compliance
Fragmented Risk Increases Exposure

Vendor and internal risk live in spreadsheets, Slack threads, and disconnected tools.

Centralize Risk and Governance
Lack of Trust Stalls Revenue

Repetitive security reviews and unclear posture erode confidence and kill velocity.

Explore the Trust Center
What We Do
AI-Native Trust Management

Centralize governance, risk, compliance and assurance in a single platform, to transform GRC from a defensive necessity to a proactive business driver.

Automated Governance

Assign ownership, enforce deadlines, and manage cross-framework tasks to improve accountability, reduce delays, and scale governance.

Streamline Governance
Integrated Risk Management

Gain full visibility into vendor, internal, and external risk with AI-driven workflows that centralize tracking, accelerate response, and reduce exposure.

Manage Risk
Continuous Compliance

Automate control monitoring, evidence collection, and mapping to reduce prep time, ensure multi-framework readiness, and enter regulated markets faster.

Automate Compliance
Accelerated Assurance

Use AI-driven questionnaire answers and live posture to reduce review time, improve trust signals, and accelerate sales cycles.

See Security Assurance
WHAT SETS DRATA APART
AI-Powered, Enterprise Scale

Customers choose Drata to move faster—with AI-powered automation, deep integrations, and a unified platform that replaces manual audits and reactive risk processes with real-time trust.

Continuous Trust, Not Just Compliance

Move beyond checkbox compliance with real-time monitoring and automated evidence collection—delivered by an AI-native platform designed for audit readiness and ongoing risk visibility.

Explore the Platform
Enterprise-Grade Flexibility

Customize workflows, build your own controls and tests, and connect to any system—including on-prem—all on an AI-native platform built to flex with your environment.

Streamline Compliance at Scale
AI-Powered Assurance

Accelerate trust customers, partners and internal stakeholders with AI-powered assurance—from questionnaires to control mapping—freeing teams from manual tasks and delays.

Speed Up Security Reviews
WHY IT MATTERS
Turn Trust Into a Business Accelerator

From shorter sales cycles to stronger security posture, leverage AI to transform GRC from a defensive necessity to a proactive business driver.

"The promise of automation has long been discussed in the compliance world, but never truly realized. Drata has turned that into reality." - Jonathan Jaffe, Lemonade

Read the Story

0%

Of manual compliance tasks are fully automated

0X

Reduction in time through AI-powered questionnaires

0B

Revenue accelerated through SafeBase Trust Center

"Drata's platform allows us to turn GRC into a business enabler, operate with a holistic view of our risk and compliance posture, and simplify historically tedious and manual processes."

Nathan DeGarmo

Senior Information Security Engineer at Tenable

TRUST MANANGEMENT, YOUR WAY
Plans Built to Fit and Scale

See how Drata's solutions scale as your team and security needs scale.

Get Started
Solutions
Startup
Mid-Market
Enterprise
Drata Platform
Integrations
Frameworks
SOC 2
ISO 27001
HIPAA
GDPR
NIST AI Risk Management
FedRAMP
NIS 2
HITRUST
Custom Frameworks
All Frameworks
Resources
Blog
Events
Webinars
Reports
SOC 2 Hub
ISO 27001 Hub
Product Updates
Compliance Glossary
API Documentation
Company
Careers
Hiring
Customers
Auditors
Partners
Press
Contact Us
Legal
Trust
Security And Compliance
Trust Center
System Status
Accessibility
linkedin-footeryoutube-footertwitter-footer
© 2025 Drata Inc. All rights reserved
Cookie Preferences
|Privacy Notice
|Legal