Draw Names for Secret Santa & Gift Ideas | drawnames UK Draw Names for Secret Santa & Gift Ideas | drawnames UK Sign in Draw names for your Secret Santa! Draw names and surprise each other Share wish lists for the festive season Find gifts with our smart gift finder There have already been 42,362,081 names drawn this year. Start Drawing Names Create a wish list For every time you want to be surprised with just the right gift! Make a wish list Gift Finder Find the perfect gift straightaway for yourself or someone you want to surprise! Search in Gift Finder Creating Magic Moments TM drawnames is the easiest and most fun way to bring people together and create magic moments throughout the year. And it's free! Make and share wish lists, draw names with a group and find the perfect gift! Give and get the best gifts Find the perfect gift every time! Find gifts My wish list Search in Gift Finder Draw names – no account needed No hassle with an account! Draw names My drawn name Emma View wishlist Create and manage your wish lists All your wish lists, always up to date! Make a wish list My wish list Start Drawing Names How does it work? Fill in the names To organise your Secret Santa, enter the names of the people you would like to include. Once you confirm a group, you can still add or delete participants. Add exclusions and group details If there are enough group members, you can make exclusions: who shouldn’t draw whom. You can also add details like a group name and the date of the celebration. Send the invitations Once the group is created, invitations need to be sent. You can do this via email, text message, WhatsApp or other social media. Make your wish list Be sure to let your Secret Santa know what you want! Create a wish list of gifts you would like. Did you know you can also set up a group that lets you share wish lists? Draw the names It's time to draw names! Now it’s also possible to watch the draw live, so that everyone sees whose name they’ve drawn at the same time. Read more What are our fans saying? We value all the feedback we receive. Together we can work at building the best and easiest platform for exchanging gifts, sharing wish lists and bringing people together. Lizzie drawnames.co.uk We’re all based in different locations and come together every year so the draw names website was the best way to arrange Secret Santa! Thank you 😊 Deano drawnames.co.uk Website was excellent, easy to use and quick. Will definitely use again. Jenni drawnames.co.uk We love your website, thank you for making Secret Santa so fun and easy. View all reviews Holiday Calendar View the calendar for an overview of all festive occasions for drawing names or exchanging gifts. Christmas 25 December 2026 With tinsel and cheer, Christmas is soon here! Plan a Secret Santa exchange to draw names with family and friends! New Year’s Eve 31 December 2025 Time to celebrate the past year and ring in the new with fun, fireworks, champagne and loved ones. Valentine's Day 14 February 2026 February 13th and 14th are days to celebrate love. Celebrate Galentine's Day or Valentine's Day and draw Valentine's names ! View all holidays Make celebrations special with drawnames Start Drawing Names Secret Santa Generator Secret Santa Online Holiday Calendar Gift Finder Secret Santa How does it work? FAQ Privacy Press Secret Santa App The drawnames Secret Santa App is available for iPhone and Android. © 2001-2025 drawnames ® Create a new celebration Create a wish list My celebrations My wish lists Gift Finder Sign in Cookies We use cookies for marketing purposes. I agree I don't agree Oops, JavaScript is turned off To use this website you need to turn on JavaScript. Turn on JavaScript or use a different browser.