Sign in
Draw names for your Secret Santa!
Draw names and surprise each other
Share wish lists for the holiday season
Find gifts with our smart gift finder

drawnames® brings people together for every gift exchange. Already 42,304,868 names have been drawn this year.

Start Drawing Names
Create a wish list

For every time you want to be surprised with just the right gift!

Make a wish list
Gift Finder

Find perfect gifts right away, for yourself or someone you want to surprise!

Search in Gift Finder
Creating Magic MomentsTM

drawnames is the easiest and most fun way to bring people together and create magic moments throughout the year. And it's free! Make and share wish lists, draw names with a group and find the perfect gift!

Give and get the best gifts

Find the perfect gift every time!

Find gifts
My wish list
Search in Gift Finder
Draw names – no account needed

No hassle with an account!

Draw names
My drawn name
Emily
View wishlist
Create and manage your wish lists

All your wish lists, always up to date!

Make a wish list
My wish list
Start Drawing Names

How does it work?

Enter the names

Enter the names of people to organize your Secret Santa with. You still can add names or delete them after you confirm the group.

Add exclusions and group details

If there are enough group members, you can make exclusions: who shouldn’t draw whom. You can also add details like a group name and the date of the celebration.

Send out the invitations

You need to send out the invitations as soon as the group has been created. You can do this via email, text message, WhatsApp or other social media.

Make your wish list

Don’t keep your Secret Santa guessing! Make a wish list of the gifts you’d like. Did you know that you can also set up a group just to share wish lists?

Draw the names

Now it’s also possible to watch the drawing live, so that everyone sees whose name they’ve drawn at the same time.

Read more
What are our fans saying?

We value all the feedback we receive. Together we can work on building the best and easiest platform for exchanging gifts, sharing wish lists and bringing people together.

Althea

drawnames.com

I enjoyed using your service - it made Secret Santa so easy, without spoiling the surprise for anyone! Thanks to you and your team for the brilliant work. Happy holidays!

Lara

drawnames.com

Honestly, this service is amazing. Draw Names makes my life so much easier. I can focus on the party itself rather than chasing down Secret Santa’s and providing gift ideas. The Wish Lists, anonymous questions and reminder emails are helpful without being overbearing. Keep up the great work!

Beatrice

drawnames.com

My only suggestion would be to not change anything to the way it is, it was very easy to use, instructions were very straightforward, it's a great stress relieved as it is all done for you, and it is all done in a way that it really add suspense to it. Thank you very much for this useful tool!

View all reviews
Holiday Calendar

View the calendar for an overview of all festive occasions for drawing names or exchanging gifts.

Christmas

December 25, 2026

With tinsel and cheer, Christmas is soon here! Plan a Secret Santa exchange to draw names with family and friends!

New Year's Eve

December 31, 2025

Time to celebrate the past year and ring in the new with fun, fireworks, champagne and loved ones.

Valentine's Day

February 14, 2026

February 13th and 14th are days to celebrate love. Celebrate Galentine's Day or Valentine's Day and draw Valentine's names!

View all holidays
Creating Magic Moments™

drawnames® is a free and easy way to bring people together and make gift-giving effortless and fun all year long. Draw names, create wish lists, and find the perfect gift for all your friends and loved ones.

Start Drawing Names
English
Español
Français
Português
Secret Santa Generator
Secret Santa Online
Gift Exchange Generator
Gift Finder
Secret Santa
Secret Santa App
Holiday Calendar
How does it work?
FAQ
Privacy
Press
The drawnames Secret Santa App is available for iPhone and Android.

© 2001-2025 drawnames®

Create a new celebration
Create a wish list
My celebrations
My wish lists
Gift Finder
Sign in
Cookies
We use cookies for marketing purposes.
I agree
I don't agree