Dreevoo.com | Online Learning and Knowledge Sharing English | Login & Registration Dreevoo.com CONTRIBUTE FORUM INFO | online learning made for people Guest Topics Programs Languages Recipes Home Shortcuts Microsoft Windows Microsoft Office Adobe Photoshop Adobe Dreamweaver Adobe Premiere The Gimp Apple software Mobile platforms Web services Other applications Programming languages French language Greek language Italian language German language Portuguese language Russian language Spanish language Vegeterian dishes Meat dishes Seafood Pasta Desserts Drinks Other dishes Automotive Magic tricks Photography Household Computers Do It Yourself Fresh on Forum Knowledge Check News Links Editor's Pick Submit and Win Website Info Random content on Dreevoo.com Back Forward Displaying                            1-16                            of total                            1945 Sort by random Sort by name Sort by date Add a Hologram Effect to a Photo Using Photoshop Adobe Photoshop | Author: 
                                 NikMan This time we will add a person to another photo and make them appear like a hologram from sci-fi movies. Have fun! Google Glass wink gesture video demonstration Links | Author: 
                                 KidCurious Apparently Google Glass lets you take pictures by only a  wink gesture. It has a second little cam/sensor facing the person  wearing it which is suppose to detect eye movement and blinking  gestures. Photoshop your own Lost custom word Adobe Photoshop | Author: 
                                 NikMan I think lots of us have enjoyed the Lost TV series and why not making you own title and having fun a little bit. How to remove the sky behind the trees Adobe Photoshop | Author: 
                                 NikMan You will learn a very simple way to remove the background sky behind the trees and their leads in Photoshop. Create a simple PHP form Programming languages | Author: 
                                 podtalje Today we will learn how to create a simple form in HTML and how to use this data in PHP. How to create out of frame photo effect in Photoshop Adobe Photoshop | Author: 
                                 NikMan You will learn how to manipulate a photograph in a way it will look like an object, melting snowman in my case, is sticking out of a photo using Photoshop CS5. Another earth-like planet found News | Author: 
                                 Spaceman Less than only 12 light-years away a new potentially habitable earth-like planet was found, circling the sun-like Tau Ceti star. The Great Wall of China trivia quiz Knowledge Check | Author: 
                                 Pena The Great Wall of China is a series of fortifications made of stone, brick, tamped earth, wood, and other materials, generally built along an east-to-west line across the historical northern borders. Vending machine 2.0 hits Japan News | Author: 
                                 mat Check out this crazy hi-tech Japan vending machine, equipped with see-through 65 inch full HD display and facial recognition. Miniature city tilt-shift effect Adobe Photoshop | Author: 
                                 mat In this step-by-step tutorial we are going to create a tilt-shift effect on a picture of a city, so it will end up looking like a miniature. Man playing with a huge grizzly bear like it's a dog Links | Author: 
                                 TheDude The way this fearless man is playing with a 8 foot (2.5 meters) beast of a grizzly bear, like you would play with a tame golden retriever is nothing short of amazing. How to change the display of files in Windows Explorer Microsoft Windows | Author: 
                                 Brodjan Windows 8 brings just two quick view of all the files in a particular folder, which are set by default in Windows Explorer. You'll learn where to find other views. How to change the hair color in Gimp Editor's pick | Author: 
                                 mat There are different ways to change the color of the hair in GIMP, let me show you the quick and effective one. How well do you know Apple? Knowledge Check | Author: 
                                 Mukarachi Apple was until the recent the most valuable company in the world. It's responsible for number of innovations, especially for bringing technology to the masses with its intuitive user experience and great looks. Ordering food and drinks Languages | Author: 
                                 NikMan To avoid misunderstandings in restaurants and bars, let's learn a few basic food and drink ordering phrases in Spanish. How good do you know our solar system? Knowledge Check | Author: 
                                 NikMan Would you say, you know a lot about space and our solar system? Well I suggest you put your money where your clicking finger is and go through the quick questioner. Back Forward Displaying                      1-16                      of total                      1945 Sort by random Sort by name Sort by date