DrFirst | Innovative Healthcare IT Solutions Skip to content Company About DrFirst Our Leadership Healthiverse® Heroes Award Certifications and Awards Newsroom Careers Support Login Rcopia E-Prescribing Backline Secure Messaging Close Solutions Products E-Prescribing E-Prescribing for Controlled Substances (EPCS) Electronic Prior Authorization (EPA) Medication History Prescription Engagement Population Health Management Prescription Renewals Price Transparency System Migrations Who We Serve EHR & HIT Vendors Resources Blogs Customer Stories E-Books, Guides, & More Webinars Support Login Rcopia E-Prescribing Backline Secure Messaging Company About DrFirst Our Leadership Certifications and Awards Newsroom Careers SEARCH CONTACT US Solutions Products E-Prescribing Prescription Renewals Medication History E-Prescribing for Controlled Substances (EPCS) Price Transparency Population Health Management Prescription Engagement Electron Prior Authorization (ePa) System Migrations Who We Serve EHR & HIT Partners Resources Webinars Blogs E-Books, Guides, & More Customer Success CONTACT US E-Prescribing Integrated workflows ease staff burden and satisfy regulatory mandates. Electronic Prescribing for Controlled Substances (EPCS) Minimize overprescribing risks with in-workflow visibility into PDMP data. Electronic Prior Authorization (ePA) End-to-end automation speeds access to specialty drugs. Medication History Complete data powered by the largest medication management network in the U.S. Prescription Engagement Personalized messages deliver savings, education, and prescription reminders. Population Health Management Proactively identify high-risk patients to keep them on track with treatments. Prescription Renewals Confirm and renew prescriptions with fewer clicks and keystrokes. Price Transparency Real-time prescription benefit information reduces cost-related abandonment. System Migrations Transition data easily from one healthcare system to another with AI. OPTIMIZE THE MEDICATION JOURNEY FROM PRESCRIBING TO ADHERENCE Easily deliver vital information to clinicians and patients when and where it matters most. LEARN MORE > Blog Expert commentary, trends, and voices driving healthcare forward. Events Join us for engaging and informative events and webinars on the latest health tech topics. Customer Stories Your peers are transforming challenges into success—and you can too. E-Books, Guides, & More Your go-to resources for tackling healthcare’s toughest challenges. Regulatory Hub Keep compliance on track with instant access to a curated collection of videos, blogs, and news articles on the latest e-prescribing updates. GET INSTANT ACCESS > Empowering Providers and Their Patients to Achieve Better Health Optimize medication management with integrated workflows that make every step of the patient journey easier, from the first prescription to ongoing adherence. Learn More Optimize Medication Management From Prescribing to Adherence The complexity of medication management leaves healthcare organizations vulnerable to workflow inefficiencies and errors, negatively impacting outcomes. Powered by the largest medication management network in the nation and exceptional customer service, DrFirst transforms how your organization delivers patient care, serves customers, and inspires healthcare professionals. PRESCRIBE A daptable workflows deliver the right information at the right time to enhance prescribing efficiency and improve outcomes. LEARN MORE ADHERE I nnovati ve technology keeps patients and providers informed to increas e medication access , affordability , and adherence . LEARN MORE OPTIMIZE A ggregati ng fragmented information from multiple sources delivers clean, complete, and consumable data at the point of care. LEARN MORE Award-Winning Innovation Our commitment to innovation and excellence has been recognized with over 50 awards over the past 25 years, highlighting how we drive success for our partners and improve patient outcomes. View all awards Intelligent Medication Management DrFirst is streamlining medication workflows, enhancing patient engagement, and driving better outcomes. See our impact in action. WHAT OUR CLIENTS SAY “We’re now seeing substantially more prescription fills than we saw from our previous vendor, and a lot of those are high-risk meds for patients over 65. We’re getting very close to what I call ‘the holy grail’ of medication history where every prescription fill record is at our fingertips.” Thomas Pickering, PharmD Administrative Coordinator, Transitions of Care, Cone Health “VieCure’s integration of DrFirst’s e-prescribing underscores our dedication to enhancing patient safety, optimizing clinical workflows, and satisfying customers. We look forward to providing our clients with advanced features for medication history, medication adherence monitoring, electronic prior authorizations, and real-time prescription benefit checks.” Fred Ashbury, Ph.D., MACE Co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer, VieCure “Most patients today are accustomed to receiving notifications on their mobile device, and increasingly expect this benefit from their healthcare provider.” Eric W. Weidmann, M.D. Chief Medical Officer, CompuGroup Medical “I know patients want to improve their health and well-being, but they don’t understand why medication compliance is so vital to their health. The nurse navigator program, in partnership with DrFirst, has been a great strategy for connecting with this patient population to help them understand the ‘why’ behind what we do.” Brooke Brown, R.N. Nurse Navigator, Magnolia Regional Health Center Optimize Medication Management Ready to see how DrFirst optimizes the medication journey from prescribing to adherence? Contact Us SOLUTIONS Prescribe Adhere Optimize Resources Blog Customer Stories Webinars Guides Products E-Prescribing Electronic Prescribing for Controlled Substances Prescription Engagement Prescription Renewals Price Transparency Electronic Prior Authorization Medication History Population Health Management System Migrations WHO WE SERVE Hospitals & Health Systems EHR & HIT Vendors Private Practices Pharmaceutical Companies Payers Company About Our Leadership Newsroom Careers © 2025 Copyright DrFirst. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy & ONC Certification Disclosure Terms of Use