Drinkaware Home | Drinkaware Skip to content Facts Advice and support Tools Research News Shop Understand more about your drinking The Drinking Check is a quick test to help you learn about your drinking with advice on how to make changes Take now Want to cut back on your drinking this winter? Cutting back on alcohol has so many benefits for your mind and body. We've got lots of helpful tips and ideas to help you get started. MyDrinkaware App How to stop binge drinking on the weekends How to stay motivated while cutting down on alcohol Drink-free days – your ultimate guide I want to explore... Help to reduce your drinking Looking to reduce your drinking? We've got plenty of tips and advice to help you on your way and keep you motivated. Find out more Help to stop drinking completely There are lots of reasons why you might want to stop drinking alcohol. Tips and advice if you've made the decision to stop drinking alcohol completely. Find out more Help to support someone else Not everyone knows if they are drinking at a dangerous level. Find out how you can offer essential support and help someone you care about. Find out more Tools to help understand your drinking Our digital tools can help you assess, track and set goals to reduce your drinking. Taking one could be the first step to change your relationship with alcohol and improve your health. Find out more Alcohol education resources View our independent, evidence-based resources, training and products that support people to change their relationship with alcohol and improve their health. Find out more Alcohol support services If you are concerned that you or someone you care about has a drinking problem there is help available. Find out the many ways that you can access support. Find out more News, tips and advice Stay up-to-date with the latest information on alcohol, health and your wellbeing. How cutting down drinking can save you money Find out how giving up or reducing your alcohol intake can have a positive impact on your bank balance. Find out more An A to Z guide to reducing or quitting alcohol Looking to reduce or give up alcohol? In this quick guide, Dr Helen Cowan helps explain some of the key areas around the topic. Find out more Zebra striping and how it can help Zebra striping is a growing trend among UK drinkers, but what exactly is it? Find out more Newsletter Tips to change your relationship with alcohol Alcohol information Facts Advice and support Tools Professionals Work with us Shop Logo licence About us What we do News Research Careers Contact Contact us Our team Community policy Share your story Cookie preference centre Terms of use Accessibility statement Privacy notice Complaints policy Copyright Drinkaware 2026 | Registered in England & Wales No. 4547974, A company limited by guarantee, Registered Charity No. 1094586, Scottish Number. SC043163