Remote Wipe | Data Breach Protection | DriveStrike Skip to content Menu Pricing Pricing Plans Get a Quote Solutions SoHo & WFH Professional & Midmarket Enterprise Healthcare Education Features Locate Lock Wipe Encryption Android Management KillStick – Offline Wipe Resources Support How To Install DriveStrike Manage Android Policies Remote Wipe Windows Remote Wipe iPhone Remote Wipe Mac Remote Wipe Android Remote Wipe Linux Remotely Wipe Phones Find a Stolen Laptop Templates & Examples Blog FAQ About Us Contact Us Awards Consulting Sign Up Log In Data Protection | Device Security | DriveStrike If a device is lost or stolen, are you prepared? Free Trial Log In HIPAA & GDPR Compliance Made Easy — On all major platforms Remote Lock, Locate, and Wipe DriveStrike protects devices and data in the event of loss, theft, or use in remote locations. Remotely locate, lock, and wipe devices you manage to prevent data compromise. From Fortune 500 to small businesses with remote workers, every industry can gain from premium endpoint security. DriveStrike prevents data breaches to ensure confidentiality, compliance, and a competitive edge. Locate Find your lost or stolen device quickly and easily. In just a few clicks, locate and secure your lost phone, tablet, or laptop. Lock Keep unauthorized users away from sensitive data—even if the device is lost. Lock down and protect your Android / iOS devices. Wipe Remotely delete personal or client data from any DriveStrike enabled device. Erased data cannot be recovered, keeping your data safe. Encrypt Integrated BitLocker support or help with VeraCrypt. Encrypt company data or personal files for an extra layer of strong security. Protect multiple devices for less than $1.50/Device/Month Enterprise Security, at a Consumer Price DriveStrike is easy to deploy, use, and manage. We’ll help you install our service and manage your account and devices. Our expert data protection support team is always here to answer your questions! Whether you manage devices for a school, business, or health facility, private data should stay private. Your clients and employees deserve the best. Protect iPhone, iPad, and Android devices, as well as Windows and Linux computers. DriveStrike is HIPAA, GDPR, SOX, and DoD compliant. Protecting your data and devices has never been easier or more cost effective. If you have questions or need help learning how best to protect your data, please contact us. Start Your 30-Day Free Trial Start Free Trial! 30-Day Free Trial. Cancel Anytime. Convenient Pricing Pricing for DriveStrike is based on the number of devices you protect each month. For pricing options and volume discounts, please visit our pricing page . We support different billing and invoicing models for those who need to protect a large number of devices. DriveStrike is the best computer or device Remote Wipe and Data Breach Protection solution on the market! No matter how many devices you protect, we give you the same great software and support. Remotely wipe a laptop, computer, phone, or tablet in seconds. Remotely locate a laptop, computer, phone, or tablet on demand. Remotely lock a laptop, computer, phone, or tablet at the click of a button. Live email and telephone support anytime, anywhere! Personal, Professional, Small Business, & Enterprise Device, laptop, and fleet mobile management for any company of any size (schools, hospitals, police departments, financial institutions, and even personal use). Protect ALL your devices on ANY operating system—device security for all! • Wipe missing laptops, computers, phones, tablets, medical devices on demand, anywhere. Our remote wipe is quick, easy, and secure. • Locate and track all your laptops, computers, phones, and tablets with ease. View and download the location history of a device. • Lock devices to protect against insider threats, dismissed employees, stolen or lost devices. • Live and professional 24/7/365 phone and email support. We are always ready to help. Volume Discounts & Pricing Global data breach protection | device and data security About Us DriveStrike is the best remote erase data protection service in the world! We deliver data breach protection on all major operating systems at an unrivaled price. Our support team is available 24/7, 365 days a year to help when you need it most. Sign up now for a 30-day free trial and start protecting your digital life. DriveStrike – The Smart Choice! Our History DriveStrike was developed by Spearstone, whose product and development team has delivered security solutions to Fortune 100 firms for over 10 years. Our Vision Our goal is to provide data security services for all devices using one simple solution at an affordable price. Data security is our passion and excellence in service is our commitment. DriveStrike - Remote Workforce Risk Management Latest News Uncategorized DriveStrike: A 2024 Data Privacy Champion DriveStrike Announces Commitment to 2024 Data Privacy Week Champion This year’s initiative emphasizes educating businesses on data collection best practices that respect data privacy and promoting transparency. TAKE CONTROL OF … Data Breach Protection / Risk Mitigation Traveling Tips for Data Protection Data protection should not take a back seat while traveling. Following these tips can help mitigate the risk of a cybercrime interrupting a silent night this holiday season! Data Protection … Data Breach Protection / Mobile Device Management Allan’s Accident: A Remote Wipe Use Case Misplacing a device can be incredibly nerve wracking, but having the ability to execute a Remote Wipe can help avoid catastrophe. Define Remote Wipe What is a Remote Wipe? Remote … Read Our Blog Blog Categories CCPA Cybersecurity Excellence Data Breach Data Breach Protection GDPR Mobile Device Management Privacy Awareness Risk Mitigation Uncategorized General Information Site Map About Us Contact Us Refund Policy Cookie Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement DriveStrike GDPR Privacy Policy Product Information Remote Wipe DriveStrike Support Pricing – Free 30 Day Trial Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Mobile Device Management Data Breach Protection Tracking Laptops & Mobile Devices Managing Android Device Policies How To Find a Stolen Laptop News & Information Resources Services Keep Updated Copyright © 2023 DriveStrike Remote Wipe Translate » Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent