Car & Bike News, Reviews, New Cars and Bikes in India, Prices, Photos, Videos - DriveSpark A Oneindia Venture Get Updates Get notified on the latest car launches, bike deals, and insights! Manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. To start receiving timely alerts, as shown below click on the Green .lock. icon next to the address bar Click it and Unblock the Notifications Close X Close X To Start receiving timely alerts please follow the below steps: Click on the Menu icon  of the browser, it opens up a list of options. Click on the .Options ., it opens up the settings page, Here click on the .Privacy & Security. options listed on the left hand side of the page. Scroll down the page to the .Permission. section . Here click on the .Settings. tab of the Notification option. A pop up will open with all listed sites, select the option .ALLOW., for the respective site under the status head to allow the notification. Once the changes is done, click on the .Save Changes. option to save the changes. Notifications Clear All No Notifications Choose Language English हिंदी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Four-Wheelers Two-Wheelers Car Reviews Bike Reviews EV Luxury Cars Videos Offbeat Photos Top News Stay updated with the automotive world All Launches Electric Luxury India Ends Electric Three-Wheeler Subsidies After PM-E Drive Targets Get Met Hyundai Sold 550 Cretas Everyday In 2025 - Breaks Yet Another Record Hyundai Motor India Limited has announced that its mid-size SUV, the Creta, has crossed 2 lakh units in annual sales during calendar year 2025, marking the highest single-year volume recorded by the model since its introduction in the Indian market.The South Aprilia SR 160 Vs TVS Ntorq 150: Which Is The Ultimate Sports Scooter In India? India's two entry-level premium scooters, the Aprilia SR 160 and the TVS Ntorq 150, deliver excellent performance, strong power delivery, superior handling, and premium build quality. These scooters are for buyers who prefer a sporty scooter for day-to-day use. Aprilia is Hyundai Prime HB, Prime SD Taxis Launched At ₹6 Lakh - Enters Fleet Segment South Korean carmaker Hyundai has officially entered the fleet vehicles segment with the introduction of two dedicated models, the Prime HB and Prime SD, marking the company's first structured move into commercial vehicle offerings in the Indian market. The Hyundai Prime KTM RC 160 To Launch In 2026? Here’s What We Know So Far The KTM RC 160 is likely to launch in India in 2026. This entry-level sports bike will take on India's best-selling 150cc model, the Yamaha R15. The Austrian brand already sells the 160 Duke, and there has been speculation about the JSW MG Motor India Extends EV Assured Buyback Plan To Five Years JSW MG Motor India has announced an extension of its Assured Buy Back program for electric vehicles, increasing the maximum coverage period from the previous three years to up to five years as part of its ownership initiatives for EV customers. 2026 Mahindra Thar Roxx: What Are The Expectations? Mahindra is gearing up to launch an updated version of the Thar Roxx next year. This refreshed model is expected to feature a new 1.5L diesel engine option along with feature upgrades. The addition of a smaller diesel engine could make India’s Top Car Brands In 2025: Mahindra Rises As Hyundai Loses Ground The year 2025 marked one of the best years for the Indian passenger vehicle market, witnessing strong demand and excellent growth. The revised GST 2.0 structure introduced during the festive season further boosted vehicle sales across segments. One of the key 2026 Kawasaki Vulcan S Launched at ₹8.13 Lakh - New Colourway & E20 Compliant Engine Japanese motorcycle manufacturer Kawasako.has launched the 2026 Vulcan S cruiser motorcycle at an ex-showroom price of ₹8.13 lakh. The updated 2026 Kawasaki Vulcan S arrives with revised specifications for the new model year and is now E20 compliant. The 2026 Advertisement Auto Stocks Buyer Tools Car EMI Calculator Car Loans Bike EMI Calculator Bike Loans Car  Comparison Compare Models Bike  Comparison Compare Models Expert Reviews All Reviews In-depth analysis from our automotive experts 4.7 / 5 2026 Kia Seltos Review: The Big Upgrade 4.7 / 5 Tata Safari Petrol Review: Small Sized Heart, Big Oomph 4.7 / 5 Tata Harrier Petrol Review: Finally The Petrol Is Here Car Finder View All Cars Find prices, specifications, and details for every car X All Filter by Brand Bike Finder View All Bikes Find prices, specifications, and details for every bike All Filter by Brand Videos All Videos Watch the latest automotive videos Reels All Reels Quick automotive content and short-form videos Photos All Photos Visual stories from the automotive world Offbeat All Offbeat Stories Unusual stories from the automotive world 4.7 / 5 Indian Navy's Modern Day Ancient Masterpiece - Stitched Sailing Ship INSV Kaundinya Sets Off 4.7 / 5 Vande Bharat Sleeper Passes Water Stability Test, Clocks 180 kmph 4.7 / 5 HAL Dhruv-NG Civil Helicopter Completes Maiden Flight In Bengaluru - The Bridge To An eVTOL Taxi Future? Explore the latest in cars, bikes, and automotive news. Stay updated with reviews, launches, trends, and industry insights. Stay Connected Facebook X (formerly Twitter) Instagram YouTube Learn More About Us Contact Us Feedback Grievance Terms & Policies Terms of Service Privacy Policy Code of Business Cookie Policy © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Notifications Settings Clear Notifications No New Notifications Notifications Use the toggle to switch on notifications Block for 8 hours Block for 12 hours Block for 24 hours Don't block To start receiving timely alerts, as shown below click on the Green “lock” icon next to the address bar Click it and Unblock the Notifications Close X Close X To Start receiving timely alerts please follow the below steps: Click on the Menu icon of the browser, it opens up a list of options. Click on the “Options ”, it opens up the settings page, Here click on the “Privacy & Security” options listed on the left hand side of the page. Scroll down the page to the “Permission” section . Here click on the “Settings” tab of the Notification option. A pop up will open with all listed sites, select the option “ALLOW“, for the respective site under the status head to allow the notification. Once the changes is done, click on the “Save Changes” option to save the changes. Log in for Better Reading Experience! Continue with Google By signing in, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy Gender Select your Gender Male Female Others Age Select your Age Range Under 18 18 to 25 26 to 35 36 to 45 45 to 55 55+ Sign Out Home Notifications Notifications Notifications Profile Profile App