Driver Easy ® | Windows Driver Updater Driver update tool Demo & features Download TRIAL version Buy PRO version Pricing Support FAQs Driver Certification Windows Knowledge Base Help for Driver Easy Release Notes Contact Support About About us Become an affiliate Press kits Magazine covermount Media coverage Blog Contact AI Tools Home Why update your drivers? Manual update Auto update Download Now BUY NOW X No file downloaded? Try again... Step 1 Step2 Step3 Step4 To install Driver Easy How to UPDATE YOUR DRIVERS in Windows 	11, 10, 8.1, and 7 Many computer issues are caused by outdated device drivers. So when you have a computer issue, the first thing you should do is check to see if your drivers are up to date. And if they’re not, update them. Why do it? How to do it MANUALLY How to do it AUTOMATICALLY About us We’re proud to say more than 3 million people around the world use Driver Easy. That’s a lot of fixed computers! Learn More We make updating your drivers easy Our software, Driver Easy, makes updating your Windows drivers easy. Driver Easy PRO version automatically downloads and installs all the drivers you need. You can get a TRIAL version to try it for free. Finds drivers for… Audio Devices Graphic Cards Network / Ethernet Cards Wi-Fi Cards Chipsets Printers USB Devices Bluetooth Devices PCI Cards Modems CD / DVD Drives Scanners Learn more about Driver Easy’s features… What our customers say ❮ ❮ ❯ ❯ It was great as I had no problem at all using it. It found the missing driver I needed and all went well with download and install…perfect and the drive ms certified for Windows 11 was in. I am really happy that I found Driver Easy and to be honest I found it thru another person’s review of it as they also needed the same driver I needed. Great program with great guarantees given by the owners of it. They know what they are doing and for once I didn’t have to redo anything. You won’t go wrong with this program or the owners as they are right on line to help you if you would have a problem. 5 stars and I would give them more if it were possible. ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google One of very few fixer apps that actually fixes anything. I rely heavily on PC’s for my work and Driver Easy has been very valuable to me over the years. At times when suddenly, without explanation features in a program stop working or maybe an input device gets buggy, I’d run a scan and Driver Easy creates a restore point first in case everything goes tits up and then updates like 30+ drivers with the latest vetted drivers available. When it finishes you realize that somehow everything works exactly as it should. For those of us in CAD/CAM related fields you can relate to what I mean by this probably… ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google Great company to do business with. I normally don’t use utilities for my PC’s but was trying to troubleshoot some hard to fix issues and figured I would see about getting some help. I ran into a couple of error when updating some drivers on a fairly old pc and contacted tech support. I received help from Lily and she was absolutely great and very professional. I would recommend DriverEasy to anyone. ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google This was the easiest time I have ever had trying to update drivers. After initiating a system scan, Driver Easy identified 20 devices that had newer drivers available. Initially, I just installed one driver, at random, to verify functionality. I used my computer for three days to verify there were no instability problems and then went back and updated the remaining 19, which had increased to 21! All device drivers were updated and the computer has been stable since the updates. ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google Excellent software! I’ve been using it for a few years, and my computers are always up-to-date and running at peak performance. The price is fair and affordable for us Brazilians, who are always on a tight budget… Some may consider this software a luxury, but I can say with certainty that it’s a basic necessity for anyone who doesn’t want to have problems with their desktop or laptop! Highly recommended! I suggest it to everyone! Wonderful! ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google I’ve been using Driver Easy since I saw a positive review about the software during a review of it on YouTube years and years ago. It’s been literally essential to keep all my firmware and other utility and critical drivers on my PC up to date and officially signed and tested. Driver Easy is worth every penny for keeping your critical system drivers up to date and working for professionals and casual users. Highly recommended for every system and service running on your modern PC. ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google The service was exceptional. I mistakenly ordered the product twice. When I realized this I explained the situation and asked for a refund. This was completed online on their website. It wasn’t very long and I received a response saying they were depositing the refund to my account, which they did. It isn’t very often in today’s world that I have received such friendly and expedient service….thank you. Linda Q ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google It was easy to use, and it found many updates for many motherboard components and adapters. I regularly use Microsoft updating software and I thought I was keeping my system current. But, once I ran the analyzer, it was clear that not everything was being routinely checked, and not all drivers and firmware were up to date. I highly recommend “Driver Easy” to keep any Windows PC operating at maximum efficiency. ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google Well I made the mistake of downloading the Free Trial Ver. Then I went and bought the Pro version for 3 computers. But I didn’t want 1 ver. for 1 computer after that so I cancelled the one that should renew for the 1 computer. That ws the Trial ver. Be careful. But other than that I am a Faithful Driver Easy Customer for several years. The driver updates are very quick and easy to update. ★★★★★ A reviewer on Google Compare products Pro Technician $29.95 3 PCs for 1 year BUY NOW $99.50 50 PCs for 3 days each BUY NOW Detect all missing, outdated & mismatched drivers Install the latest driver or any version (30,000,000+ drivers) All drivers certified, and direct from manufacturer Download & install ALL drivers with 1 click Update drivers one-by-one High-speed driver download 500KB/s – 20MB/s 500KB/s – 20MB/s Automatically create restore points Scan for game dependencies View and export hardware information View driver update history, it may include drivers updated by other software No internet? – Scan offline then download the right network driver on another PC Backup & restore drivers Uninstall drivers safely Roll back to previous version of drivers Free PC tech support Automatic update to latest Driver Easy version Commercial use BUY NOW BUY NOW Questions? If you have questions about updating your device drivers, or you’d like to learn more about doing it automatically with Driver Easy, please get in touch . We’d be happy to help. Support Contact Us FAQ Help for Driver Easy Windows Knowledge Base Driver Certification Resend License Key Uninstall Driver Easy Refund Policy Feedback Improve Translation Report a Bug Report a Missed Driver Write a Review Community Affiliate Magazine Covermount Media Coverage Driver Easy Press Kits Non-Profit Organization Company › AI Tools › About › What's New › EULA › Privacy Policy › Super Easy › Easeware English / Deutsch / Français / 日本語 Copyright © 2009-2025 Driver Easy is a brand of Easeware . All rights reserved.