Partnership to End Addiction - Partnership to End Addiction Donate Recursos en Español Family Resources Family Resources Prevention & Early Action Proven strategies and early intervention techniques to prevent drug misuse and save lives. Treatment & Recovery Effective treatment and recovery resources to address substance use disorder and regain wellness. Family Support Services Free, confidential support through our helpline, text messaging, and online groups for families. Drug Information & Facts An in-depth guide to drug types, effects, and risks along with safe practices. Resource Centers Explore a variety of resource centers with guidance on prevention, recovery, family support and more. Family Stories Transformative narratives of recovery and personal triumph over addiction challenges. Connect with our Helpline Text, email, or call for free, confidential help addressing your child’s substance use challenges. Join Help & Hope by Text Receive personalized texts with tailored tips, tools, and resources for every stage of support. Take our Prevention Check-Up Assessment Assess your child’s substance use risk with our free, confidential tool for tailored guidance. Join our Online Support Groups Join our support groups for parents and caregivers. Professional & Community Services Professional & Community Services Services and Solutions Overview We leverage our research and industry-leading knowledge to empower organizations and professionals. Our Experts We are a diverse community of researchers, advocates, clinicians, communicators, and practitioners. Partner Networks Partner with us to develop and share compassionate, research-backed messages that raise awareness and drive action on substance use and addiction nationwide. Prevention Resources Discover how we collaborate with prevention professionals to implement evidence-based strategies that reduce youth substance use and support healthier communities. View our Trainings Access trainings to meet the needs of providers, clinicians, educators, other youth-serving professionals. Flexible delivery options include self-paced, live virtual, and in-person. Connect With Our Business Services Team We offer custom solutions to our clients. Let us know how we can help you achieve your goals. Support Us Support Us Ways to Give The many ways to donate, providing families with vital tools to combat addiction. Advocacy In Action How we drive policy change and empower communities in raising up solutions to critical issues. Our Endurance Teams Learn more and apply for our NYC Marathon and other endurance teams. Donate Now Your donation provides vital services and resources that empower families and address addiction. Start a Fundraiser Raise funds for a special event or in tribute to ensure families have the support they need. Attend our Gala Our annual event celebrates distinguished leaders and partners in our mission while providing critical support for our work. Policy, News & Research Policy, News & Research Policy Work Using research and family insights to drive policies to improve treatment and prevent addiction. Evidence-Based Research Original research enhancing prevention, treatment, and recovery methods and practices. Research Reports Key insights on addiction prevention, treatment, & recovery. Partnership News Latest updates on our partnerships, work, and press announcements driving change. News from the Field Curated news and updates for advocates, policymakers, and community leaders in the addiction field. Make Your Voice Heard Join the community of advocates working to transform how our nation addresses addiction. About Us About Us About the Partnership What we do, who we serve, and our key priorities to end the addiction crisis in the U.S. Board of Directors Our board of dedicated leaders driving our mission to support families and prevent addiction. Our Team Our highly-trained staff working to engage families and communities in ending the addiction crisis. Annual Reports & Financials Our annual reports and financial statements demonstrate our transparency and impact. Jobs Join our team of experts delivering transforming addiction care with innovation, empathy, and data insights. Our Impact Check out our 2024 report highlighting strategies for prevention, treatment and family engagement. Heart of the Matter Podcast with Elizabeth Vargas Tune in as journalist Elizabeth Vargas dives into personal stories and expert perspectives to inspire change. Media Center Find information about our work, our stance on today’s most pressing addiction issues, connect with experts and get answers to frequently asked questions. Search Provide families with the support they need to prevent and address addiction. Give the gift of hope this holiday season. Donate Now Get help You are your child’s greatest champion and advocate. We are yours. Connect with us for personalized support and services. Learn more Support our work Millions of families and professionals across the U.S. look to our unparalleled library of resources to better assist their loved ones, clients and community members. You can help us reach them. Learn more Work with us If you work in prevention, treatment, healthcare, government or your community, Partnership to End Addiction can be a partner in making quality care available for families. Learn more Learn more about the disease of addiction For parents & caregivers From tips on preventing substance use to guidance on managing recovery from addiction, here at Partnership to Addiction we have the information and resources you need at every step of the way. Get support now How can we help? Is teen substance use "normal?" I think my child is using drugs, but don’t know what to do about it. I need to get my child into treatment. How can I help my child change their behavior? I’m stressed and exhausted, and don’t think I can handle this. Latest News & Resources Getty Images 2025-12-22 How Much Caffeine Is Safe for Teens? Limits, Energy Drinks, and Caffeine Pouches How much caffeine is safe for teens? Learn daily limits, where caffeine hides (energy drinks, soda, pouches), warning signs, and parent tips. Read More Learn more Brian | Getty Images 2025-12-18 Stimulant Use Disorder Symptoms: A Parent’s Guide to Signs, Treatment, and Support for Teens and Young Adults Worried about stimulant use? Learn common symptoms, DSM-5 signs, treatment options, and how parents can reduce risk and get confidential help. Read More Learn more Katarzyna Bialasiewicz | Getty Images 2025-12-16 Stimulant Use Disorder Treatment: Contingency Management, CBT, and Help for Withdrawal Evidence-based stimulant use disorder treatment explained: contingency management, CBT, and motivational interviewing—plus ways meds can ease withdrawal symptoms. Read More Learn more Getty Images 2025-11-20 Contingency Management for Stimulant Addiction: How This Treatment Helps Teens and Young Adults Learn how contingency management helps treat stimulant use disorder. Understand how CM works, why it’s effective, and how parents can support recovery. Read More Learn more Studiocasper | Getty Images 2025-11-19 BTMPS in Fentanyl: What Parents Need to Know About This Emerging Chemical BTMPS is a new chemical increasingly found in fentanyl. Learn what it is, why it’s added to drugs, the risks it poses, and how to keep your loved one safe. Read More Learn more Anastassiya Bezhekeneva | Getty Images 2025-11-18 What Is ZYN? A Parent’s Guide to Nicotine Pouches, Risks & How to Protect Your Teen Learn what ZYN nicotine pouches are, why teens use them, the health risks, and how parents can spot warning signs and support their child in quitting. Read More Learn more December 21, 2025 How Much Caffeine Is Safe for Teens? Limits, Energy Drinks, and Caffeine Pouches How much caffeine is safe for teens? Learn daily limits, where caffeine hides (energy drinks, soda, pouches), warning signs, and parent tips. Learn more December 17, 2025 Stimulant Use Disorder Symptoms: A Parent’s Guide to Signs, Treatment, and Support for Teens and Young Adults Worried about stimulant use? Learn common symptoms, DSM-5 signs, treatment options, and how parents can reduce risk and get confidential help. Learn more December 15, 2025 Stimulant Use Disorder Treatment: Contingency Management, CBT, and Help for Withdrawal Evidence-based stimulant use disorder treatment explained: contingency management, CBT, and motivational interviewing—plus ways meds can ease withdrawal symptoms. Learn more November 19, 2025 Contingency Management for Stimulant Addiction: How This Treatment Helps Teens and Young Adults Learn how contingency management helps treat stimulant use disorder. Understand how CM works, why it’s effective, and how parents can support recovery. Learn more November 18, 2025 BTMPS in Fentanyl: What Parents Need to Know About This Emerging Chemical BTMPS is a new chemical increasingly found in fentanyl. Learn what it is, why it’s added to drugs, the risks it poses, and how to keep your loved one safe. Learn more November 17, 2025 What Is ZYN? A Parent’s Guide to Nicotine Pouches, Risks & How to Protect Your Teen Learn what ZYN nicotine pouches are, why teens use them, the health risks, and how parents can spot warning signs and support their child in quitting. Learn more View all resources By sharing my journey, being present, and teaching healthy ways to cope with life’s challenges, I hope to give my son the tools to navigate his life without turning to substances for acceptance, belonging or escape. Jason Brown Read the rest of Jason's story  | Help Us Change the Story of Addiction Stronger together Solving the addiction crisis requires action from our nation’s families, the government and our health care system. Together, we're creating a unified voice to more effectively prevent substance use and treat addiction. Actionable policy recommendations Working with all types of partners Empowering families to take part Rooted in research & compassion At the heart of our resources and services for families is critical expertise in all aspects of addiction research, including data science, program implementation and evaluation, and policy analysis. Addiction science Position statements Educational guides Stay connected Stay up to date on our work & other critical issues Support our work Your generosity helps us provide families the tools they need to take effective action for their child’s substance use or addiction. Other ways to give Contact our helpline Contact our helpline at 855-378-4373. Our help is free, confidential and safe. TEXT CONNECT to 55753 SCHEDULE  a call EMAIL a specialist Learn More You will receive a response to text or email within 24 hours Msg and data rates may apply. Msg frequency varies. Text HELP for help or STOP to opt out. Terms and Privacy DONATE NOW Prevention & Early Action Treatment & Recovery Family Support Services Get Involved Work With Us Our Expertise About Us Recursos en Español For health care providers For policymakers For community leaders For professionals For media inquiries Provider education Careers Contact Us Join our network Connect with us. Stay connected THIS WEBSITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE. The information contained on this website is not intended to be a substitute for, or to be relied upon as, medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. This website is for informational purposes only. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Thanks to SAG-AFTRA and its members for their ongoing generosity and support of the organization and our cause. Content Terms | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FCOI Policy • ©2025 Partnership to End Addiction. All rights reserved. Contact our helpline Contact our helpline at 855-378-4373. Our help is free, confidential and safe. TEXT CONNECT to 55753 SCHEDULE  a call EMAIL a specialist Learn More You will receive a response to text or email within 24 hours Msg and data rates may apply. Msg frequency varies. Text HELP for help or STOP to opt out. Terms and Privacy This website uses cookies. We use cookies and similar technologies to give
                you the best experience. By using this website, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . I Understand