Skip to content
Main Navigation
SOLUTIONS
PRODUCTS
TECHNOLOGY
RESOURCES
ABOUT
LOG IN
Custom audiences built
to reach your target market |

Dstillery is the leading AI ad targeting company. Our data-driven custom audiences make it easy to connect with your target consumers across all programmatic channels.

GET STARTED >>
EXPLORE OUR PRODUCTS >>
PROUD TO WORK WITH 85% OF THE FORTUNE 100 COMPANIES
Multimodal AI-Powered Targeting: Activate Across Every Programmatic Channel

Dstillery’s breakthrough multimodal AI transforms any signal — from first-party data to brand keywords to audience briefs — into high-performing audiences with unmatched accuracy. Our AI learns from any form of data and applies it into any form of data, making it the most flexible targeting engine in the market. Once your ideal audience is built, activate it.

What’s more? You have your choice of all channels, including user segments (behavioral, demo, search, lookalike audiences), contextual, curation, or custom bidding algorithms — all powered by a single, scalable model.

GET STARTED
Custom AI audiences built
just-for-your-brand

Powered by AI technology and backed by award-winning Data Science, our audiences are completely customizable, refreshed every 24 hours, and ready to activate whenever you are.

Unleash the power of your first-party data or immediately activate one of our thousands of behavioral, demographic, and location-based audiences to start achieving your campaign goals. Find the targeting solution that is right for you today.

GET STARTED
Meet ID-free®

ID-free® is a first-of-its-kind behavioral targeting technology that delivers scale and privacy for your programmatic ad campaigns without cookies or IDs. Our patented AI-powered technology collects data from browsing patterns to predict which sites an anonymous user will visit next.

GO COOKIELESS 
A new approach to CTV, powered by Dstillery’s AI

With our CTV solution, we take your audience and use AI to find your brand’s most relevant genres and networks. Say goodbye to inefficient targeting options and wasted ad spend.

Say hello to:

Targeting on relevance
Scaling efficiently
Custom modeling 
Easy-to-use solution
LEARN MORE
Find your best custom audiences with Audience Brief Genius

Dstillery’s Audience Brief Genius is not just a free tool; it’s a time-saving, stress-reducing partner designed to streamline the audience selection process for your campaigns.

Fueled by cutting-edge technology from OpenAI, this advanced AI tool instantly transforms your audience brief into a curated list of audience recommendations. Try it for free today.

GET STARTED
What Clients Are Saying

“Dstillery’s audiences are driven by AI, ensuring that they are timely and flexible in adapting to the changing marketplace. The onboarding process was simple, and they worked with us at each step along the way. The entire partnership has been a pleasure from the beginning.”

Laura K. / Marketing VP (Operations / Product team)

The leading AI ad targeting company

We are consistently recognized as an AdTech industry leader by the clients who rely on our targeting solutions every day.

WHY CLIENTS LOVE US
Gain insights on trending topics with DST POV Video Series

Sit down with host and Dstillery CEO, Michael Beebe, as he chats with industry experts about AdTech trends ranging from consumer privacy to machine learning developments. 

WATCH NOW 
AWARDS & PATENTS
LATEST PRESS
Digiday Technology Awards: Best Cookieless Technology
Business Intelligence Group 2025 AI Excellence Awards Winner
2024 AdExchanger Awards: Best Privacy Technology
Dstillery’s 16th Patent awarded for cookie-less targeting

Officially titled “Artificial Intelligence and/or Machine Learning Models Trained to Predict User Actions Based on an Embedding of Network Locations”

Dstillery’s 21st Patent awarded for Audience Brief Genius

Our 21st patent describes the proprietary method of searching for audiences, implemented in Audience Brief Genius

Book a meeting to
get started

Speak to a Dstillery expert to discover how our custom audiences can help meet and exceed your KPIs.

BOOK NOW