Single point of contact

Bringing together the world’s leading data companies and millions of small-medium publishers

READ MORE
HOME
PARTNERS
PUBLISHERS
PRIVACY CENTRE
CONTACT
Marketers

Make sure your message is sent to the right people, everywhere: DTS data can help you effectively deepen your hold in existing markets and efficiently grow to new markets.

Publishers

Gain incremental revenue and improve your users’ online experience by opting-in to personalized and more relevant advertisement.

Privacy

We cherish online privacy and believe in empowering web users through education providing online choices. Our data is free of PII and compliant with voluntary privacy regulation.

Ecosystem
OUR
DATA
	
DTS
PARTNERS
	
PARTNERS
PROGRAM
Our Data

DTS provides a single point of contact to millions of publishers and over a billion interactions per day. The DTS data offering is comprised of a data set at a scale of a billion validated monthly unique users worldwide and audience segments broken into behavioural, demographic and contextual verticals. DTS data is available via the major DMPs and select direct DSP integrations.

Publishers
PUBLISHERS
VALUE
	
PUBLISHERS
PROGRAM
	
USERS'
PRIVACY
Publishers’ Value

Improve relevance of advertisement for your users and benefit from improved advertising performance. By working with DTS you enable marketers to consider the effect your message has with your users and offer your users more relevant, interest-based, advertisement.

We are working on releasing additional services soon, such as detailed audience analytics, content recommendations and concept modification. Stay tuned for updates!

Privacy Center
OUR
COMMITMENT
	
OPT
OUT
	
EDUCATIONAL
RESOURSES
	
USER
REQUESTS
Our Commitment

DTS is committed to the protection of online privacy. We collect general and non-personal data about our users and distribute it to our data partners, with the goal of improving the relevance of online advertising and to offer a more personalized online experience. DTS complies with the relevant privacy-related state and self-regulatory criteria, further information on OBA privacy framework could be found in our resourses section. Currently, DTS does not provide any services in the European Economic Area (EEA), service will be resumed once we feel that we are able to comply with the GDPR criteria.

Privacy Policies

Technology privacy policy

Website privacy policy for dtscout.com

FOLLOW US
	
GET IN TOUCH!
SEND MESSAGE
OUR CONTACT
 Rothschild Blvd 22
Tel Aviv, Israel

© 2014-2025 - DTScout

×
We value your privacy

This website or its third-party tools process personal data. You can opt out of the sale of your personal information by clicking on the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" link. See Privacy Policy.

Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information