Accelerate your app’s growth with Adjust | Adjust Products Measure Unlimited measurement on mobile, web, CTV, PC, and console. Analyze Powerful analytics, reporting, and visualizations in Datascape. Engage Guide high-value users to your app with growth-boosting experiences. Recommend Make smarter decisions with AI-driven, next-generation measurement. Automate Streamline operations and amplify your marketing with automation. Protect Safeguard your data and prevent mobile ad fraud. View All Products Solutions Adjust Growth Copilot Your AI partner for smarter growth. Ask questions, get instant answers. Deep Linking Scale engagement and conversions with frictionless, multi-platform experiences Fraud Prevention Protect your data and budgets with proactive mobile ad fraud prevention. iOS & SKAN Leverage machine-learning for scalable iOS and SKAdNetwork success. CTV & OTT Power-up omnichannel success and make connected TV a performance channel. ROI Measurement Effortlessly increase ROI and ROAS with accurate data and holistic views. PC & Console Expand your horizons and power up PC and console games measurement. Incrementality AI-powered, next-gen incrementality analysis for granular campaign insights. Why Adjust Discover Why Adjust Privacy and security Partner marketplace Success stories Winning Results Random Logic Games: Reduced operational costs by 40% Duolingo: Boosted LTV and Day 7 retention View all Pricing Resources Learn Blog Webinars Ebooks Guides Success stories Glossary Hot Topics Ebook Mobile app trends: 2025 edition Gaming app insights report 2025 Deep linking guide The future of mobile measurement playbook Resources Overview Request a demo Log In Products Measure Unlimited measurement on mobile, web, CTV, PC, and console. Analyze Powerful analytics, reporting, and visualizations in Datascape. Engage Guide high-value users to your app with growth-boosting experiences. Recommend Make smarter decisions with AI-driven, next-generation measurement. Automate Streamline operations and amplify your marketing with automation. Protect Safeguard your data and prevent mobile ad fraud. View All Products Solutions Adjust Growth Copilot Your AI partner for smarter growth. Ask questions, get instant answers. Deep Linking Scale engagement and conversions with frictionless, multi-platform experiences Fraud Prevention Protect your data and budgets with proactive mobile ad fraud prevention. iOS & SKAN Leverage machine-learning for scalable iOS and SKAdNetwork success. CTV & OTT Power-up omnichannel success and make connected TV a performance channel. ROI Measurement Effortlessly increase ROI and ROAS with accurate data and holistic views. PC & Console Expand your horizons and power up PC and console games measurement. Incrementality AI-powered, next-gen incrementality analysis for granular campaign insights. Why Adjust Discover Why Adjust Privacy and security Partner marketplace Success stories Winning Results Random Logic Games: Reduced operational costs by 40% Duolingo: Boosted LTV and Day 7 retention View all Pricing Resources Learn Blog Webinars Ebooks Guides Success stories Glossary Hot Topics Ebook Mobile app trends: 2025 edition Gaming app insights report 2025 Deep linking guide The future of mobile measurement playbook Resources Overview Log In Request a demo Accelerate your app’s growth Your end-to-end solution for every stage of the app marketing journey. Measure, optimize, and scale app growth across platforms. Request a demo Learn more Everything you need in one measurement and analytics suite Unlock attribution data, optimize ad performance, and leverage the reporting and insights you need to meet business goals and scale efficiently. Maximize impact Don’t just measure data, measure impact. Drive fast results with accurate, real-time measurement data to meet and exceed your KPIs across channels. Learn More Gain insights Leverage our powerful reporting to easily share customized data visualizations and actionable insights to boost your ROI. Learn More Grow strategically Experience tangible growth. Scale your business and your profits with ad performance automation, budget optimization, and more. Learn More Trusted by brands worldwide Adjust Growth Copilot AI that understands your questions and your goals Ask in plain language. Get answers instantly. Growth Copilot makes it that simple. Learn more Natural language Use your own words to explore performance data. No dashboards, SQL, or training needed. Real-time analysis Move fast with clear, accurate insights, key findings, and answers you can act on. Smarter decisions Increase analytical accuracy, reduce costs, and scale with AI and machine learning that keeps you ahead. Trust our SKAN expertise Your trusted partner in SKAN innovation Confidently continue your app growth post-IDFA with our advanced iOS solutions. Learn how you can maximize your marketing insights with our SKAN 4-ready SDK, Conversion Hub, our SKAN partners, SKAN metrics in Datascape, and more. Learn more Learn from our experts What’s new at Adjust? Let's talk! Curious to see how Adjust can help grow your app exponentially? Request a demo Products Measure Analyze Recommend Automate Protect Engage Quick links Request a demo Contact us Pricing Solutions Adjust Growth Copilot iOS & SKAN CTV & OTT ROI Measurement Fraud Prevention PC & Console Incrementality Deep Linking Why Adjust Why Adjust Security and privacy Partner marketplace Success stories Company About us Careers Resources Blog Webinars Ebooks Guides Glossary Adjust Help Center © 2025 Adjust GmbH. All rights reserved Data Preferences Legal Notice Privacy Policy Terms Forget Device Service Status