We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Cookie Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “Preferences.”
Preferences
Accept

Skip to Content

Wastewater Surveillance Utility Menu

DIRECTORY
REQUEST INFO
GIVE
VISIT
APPLY
REPORT AN INCIDENT
RESOURCES FOR

Main navigation

Admission & Aid
Academics
Research
Campus Life
Athletics
News
Events
About
Search
Driven by purpose.
Fueled by adventure.
APPLY TODAY PLAN YOUR VISIT REQUEST INFO
❚❚
×
FUTURE STUDENTS
CURRENT STUDENTS
ALUMNI
FACULTY
FAMILIES
NEIGHBORS
Let's Get Started
UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS
100+ majors and programs
Quarter system creates flexibility
9:1 student-to-faculty ratio
Global learning experiences
Dual-degree programs

Explore Undergraduate DegreesRequest Info

GRADUATE PROGRAMS
200+ master’s, doctoral, and certificate programs
Online and on campus
Real-world learning, proven outcomes
Extensive alumni and mentor network

See Colleges and ProgramsRequest Info

PROFESSIONAL STUDIES
Career-focused learning
Built for working adults
Flexible online and evening options
Bachelor’s completion, master’s, and certificate programs

Advance Your FutureRequest Info

At DU, ambition meets altitude.

Study with industry-leading faculty in a city of vibrant arts and cutting-edge innovation, then head to the mountains for challenge and renewal. Our campus sits on the edge of downtown Denver and at the base of the Rockies, so learning moves easily from classroom to summit. With real-world internships, hands-on research, and global learning opportunities, you join a thriving community that turns ideas into outcomes.

Application Process
Plan Your Visit

Careers and Lives of Purpose

Here, learning leads to momentum. Our undergraduates and graduate students dive into what comes next, supported by career coaches, faculty mentors, and a powerful alumni network. From classrooms and labs to internships and global experiences, students gain skills that translate to opportunity. Whether you are pursuing a bachelor’s degree, master’s degree, or a doctorate, you’ll find your path to meaningful work, service, or further study in Colorado and around the world. 

Explore Academics

Character and the 4D Experience

Through the 4D Experience, you integrate the dimensions of intellectual growth, well-being, character, and careers and lives of purpose. With mentors who understand your goals, meaningful reflection that connects your learning, and experiences spanning classrooms, Denver, the Kennedy Mountain Campus, and the world, you define your values and learn to lead with empathy and authenticity. You graduate ready to contribute with purpose across a lifetime of learning and impact.

Discover 4D

The Kennedy Mountain Experience

Step into Colorado's high country and immerse yourself in nature. On more than 720 acres near Red Feather Lakes, students hike, climb, and reflect while building resilience, leadership, and community. At the James C. Kennedy Mountain Campus, the 4D Experience comes to life through programs designed to connect challenge with purpose. Whether you're new to the outdoors or a seasoned adventurer, you'll find space to grow, explore, and discover.

Experience KMC




Love where you learn.

Nestled in a neighborhood minutes from downtown Denver and a short drive to the Rockies, DU’s campus connects you to adventure and opportunity. Live and learn in dedicated residential communities, explore more than 100 student clubs, experience world-class performing arts at the Newman Center, and stay active at the Coors Fitness Center. With resources and support for well-being and growth, the DU community will help you feel at home.

See Yourself Here
Schedule a Tour

THE DENVER DIFFERENCE
Life in Denver
Our Campus
Kennedy Mountain Experience
Community and Belonging
R1 Research
Clubs and Organizations
Study Abroad
APPLY NOW

If you’re looking to cheer on top professional sports teams, explore the vibrant arts scene, or just enjoy over 250 days of sunshine a year, Denver’s got it all. It’s also one of the best cities in the nation to launch your career—it’s no wonder more than 70% of DU graduates choose to make Colorado their home.

Excellence in the classroom and on the field.

DU is home to 18 Division I sports, the winningest men’s college hockey program in history, and the most NCAA championships in the state of Colorado—and our student-athletes are also regularly recognized as some of the top scholars on campus. Ready to cheer on the Pios? Take advantage of free student tickets for sports like basketball or volleyball, or attend Hockey Night Lights—a beloved campus tradition—for a chance to win a coveted season pass.

Let's Go DUBecome a Pio

DU Now
University News
U.S. News & World Report Ranks DU as Top College in 2026 Rankings

Now 117th on the National Universities list, DU earns high marks for its support of veterans, undergraduate business program, and more.

Research & Scholarship, In the Community
From Curiosity to Discovery: How Students Can Get Involved in Research

At DU, research doesn’t have to wait until grad school. Learn how to join faculty-led projects, apply for grants, and turn your interests into real-world impact.

DU Field Notes, Campus Life
Your Guide to DU Traditions

From Hockey Night Lights to May Days, DU offers a series of fun events—some old and some new—that bring the community together all year round.

Read More News Stories

Follow @uofdenver
Private University, Public Good

At the University of Denver, bold thinkers tackle real-world challenges with purpose, excellence, and impact—that’s The Denver Difference.

Start Your Application Today

REQUEST INFO

APPLY TO DU

VISIT DU

Follow Us:
"
"
"
"
"
See Posts 

Footer Menu

Maps
Jobs
Contact
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Consent Preferences
Disclosures

Copyright ©2025 University of Denver. | All rights reserved. | The University of Denver is an equal opportunity institution