Go to Duke University Press homepage
Enter Subject, Title, Author, Keyword...
Submit Search
Go to shopping cart
My Account
Contact Us
EXPLORE SUBJECTS
BOOKS 
JOURNALS 
SOCIETIES 
OPEN ACCESS
ABOUT 
CONFERENCES
SUPPORT
INFORMATION FOR 

Our Spring 2026 Catalog is Now Available

We’re pleased to share our new Spring 2026 catalog, full of great new books and journal issues that will be published between January and June 2026. Some of these titles are available for pre-order on our website now.

Read More
Current Catalog
Join Our Mailing List
Customer Relations
Institutional Pricing
New
Best Sellers
Featured Journals
Mathematics
Read to Respond
Basketball Trafficking

Javier Wallace

“Basketball Trafficking provides an intimate look at the complex relationship between basketball players, coaches, parents, and mentors in the highs and lows of creating pipelines of opportunities for young Black men in Panama seeking to pursue their hoop dreams in the United States. It also powerfully sounds the alarm on the need to protect young international student athletes who due to anti-Black citizenship and immigration policies are too often viewed as disposable players rather than young people vulnerable to victimization and abuse.” - Kaysha Corinealdi, author of Panama in Black: Afro-Caribbean World Making in the Twentieth Century
Inhabitants of the Deep

Jonathan Howard

“Jonathan Howard’s Inhabitants of the Deep is a brilliant, rigorous, and sophisticated account of Black life. At the crossroads of ecopoetics, social history, and cultural criticism, Howard explores how the waterways of history provide fertile ground for understanding Black life not as social death but rather as deep living. While offering new critical terms and deeply engaging with contemporary critical theory, this book is a wholly unique yet also deeply grounded intellectual intervention.” - Imani Perry, author of Black in Blues: How a Color Tells the Story of My People
Indigenomicon

Jodi A. Byrd

“Indigenomicon takes a clear-eyed look at how video games mediate the ongoing realities of North American settler colonialism. Historically grounded yet sharply attuned to the present, it interrogates why we remain drawn to worlds built on exclusion and dispossession. Unsettling traditional approaches to video game representation, race, and Indigeneity, Jodi A. Byrd’s transformative text challenges readers to reconsider the relationship between power and play.” - Tara Fickle, author of The Race Card: From Gaming Technologies to Model Minorities
Degas at the Gas Station

Thomas Beller

“Thomas Beller writes with wit, irony, skepticism, and brio. Degas at the Gas Station is one of the finest collections of personal essays I have seen in a long while.” - Phillip Lopate, author of My Affair with Art House Cinema: Essays and Reviews
The City of Our Dreaming

Laleh Khalili, V. Mitch McEwen, Gabriela Leandro Pereira, Leanne Betasamosake Simpson

"The City of our Dreaming offers new insight into how we might properly conceive the ways we live with and for each other — from stranger to kin, private to public and with an ethic of relationship and reciprocity. This is how these thinkers dream — hopeful for a world and cities where everyone thrives and is keenly aware of our ties to each other and the biosphere." - Matt Henderson, Winnipeg Free Press
Lyric Beyond Containment
This special issue expands on debates in lyric theory by reconsidering the bounds of poetic and lyric forms. Contributors explore the fictions of lyric subjectivity and aesthetic autonomy, the presumed whiteness of the lyric “I,” and the colonial legacies of key lyric theorists.
Crossing the Indian Ocean

Emphasizing the transmission of ideas, cultural forms, artistic styles, and design across the Indian Ocean in the early modern and modern periods, this special issue moves beyond the usual focus on economic and political relationships — including labor migration — highlighting the non-material exchanges among societies along the margins of the ocean.

Upcoming Conferences & Exhibits
AMERICAN HISTORICAL ASSOCIATION 2026

January 8–11, 2026

MODERN LANGUAGE ASSOCIATION 2026

January 8–11, 2026

AMERICAN ACADEMY OF RELGION / SOCIETY FOR BIBLICAL LITERATURE 2025

November 22–25, 2025

AFRICAN STUDIES ASSOCIATION 2025

November 20–22, 2025, 2025

AMERICAN STUDIES ASSOCIATION 2025

November 20-22, 2025

Latest News
News
Duke University Press to Launch Anthropocene History in October 2026
Latest Blog Post
All Posts
2025 Articles You May Have Missed
Collections for Institutions
DUKE UNIVERSITY PRESS

905 W. Main St. Ste 18-B
Durham, NC 27701 USA

PHONE
(888) 651-0122
INTERNATIONAL
+1 (919) 688-5134
EMAIL
orders@dukeupress.edu
INFORMATION FOR
Advertisers
Agents and Vendors
Book Authors
Booksellers and Review Copies
Customers
Educators
Journal Authors and Editors
Librarians and Consortia
Licensing and Subsidiary Rights
Mathematics Authors and Editors
Prospective Journals
Scholarly Publishing Collective
Societies
CAREERS
View Open Positions
Join Our Mailing List
Recent Catalogs
CONNECT
Facebook
X twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Pinterest
Bluesky
© 2024 Duke University Press. All Rights Reserved.
Legal
Accessibility
Privacy