Duke University Press Go to Duke University Press homepage Enter Subject, Title, Author, Keyword... Submit Search Go to shopping cart My Account Contact Us Explore Subjects Books Browse By Subject By Title By Series Award Winning Titles Reading Lists For Book Authors Journals Browse By Title Mathematics at DUP Journals Fulfilled by DUP Journal Services Featured Journal Issues Reading Lists Authors and Editors Submission Guidelines Ethics and Policies for Journals Permissions Information for Journal Authors Share Your Article Support for Journal Editors Author Resources from University Presses Journal Community Websites FAQ Conferences Prospective Journals DUP as a Publishing Partner Testimonials Start the Conversation Scholarly Publishing Collective Societies Browse American Dialect Society American Society for Ethnohistory Association for Middle East Women's Studies GL/Q Caucus for the Modern Languages Labor and Working-Class History Association Society for French Historical Studies Society for Novel Studies Society Members and Officers How to Join a DUP-Affiliated Society About Your Account Support for Society Officers Conferences Prospective Societies Open Access About About Leadership Staff Job Opportunities What We Do Blog News Award Winning Titles Contact Us Support the Press Conferences Support Information For Advertisers Agents and Vendors Book Authors Booksellers and Review Copies Customers Educators Journal Authors and Editors Librarians and Consortia Licensing and Subsidiary Rights Mathematics Authors and Editors Prospective Journals Scholarly Publishing Collective Societies Open search bar Go to shopping cart Mobile menu toggle My Account Contact Us Explore Subjects Books Browse By Subject By Title By Series Award Winning Titles Reading Lists For Book Authors Journals Browse By Title Mathematics at DUP Journals Fulfilled by DUP Journal Services Featured Journal Issues Reading Lists Authors and Editors Submission Guidelines Ethics and Policies for Journals Permissions Information for Journal Authors Share Your Article Support for Journal Editors Author Resources from University Presses Journal Community Websites FAQ Conferences Prospective Journals DUP as a Publishing Partner Testimonials Start the Conversation Scholarly Publishing Collective Societies Browse American Dialect Society American Society for Ethnohistory Association for Middle East Women's Studies GL/Q Caucus for the Modern Languages Labor and Working-Class History Association Society for French Historical Studies Society for Novel Studies Society Members and Officers How to Join a DUP-Affiliated Society About Your Account Support for Society Officers Conferences Prospective Societies Open Access About About Leadership Staff Job Opportunities What We Do Blog News Award Winning Titles Contact Us Support the Press Conferences Support Information For Advertisers Agents and Vendors Book Authors Booksellers and Review Copies Customers Educators Journal Authors and Editors Librarians and Consortia Licensing and Subsidiary Rights Mathematics Authors and Editors Prospective Journals Scholarly Publishing Collective Societies Enter Subject, Title, Author, Keyword... Clear search input Submit Search Our Spring 2026 Catalog is Now Available We’re pleased to share our new Spring 2026 catalog, full of great new books and journal issues that will be published between January and June 2026. Some of these titles are available for pre-order on our website now. Read More Current Catalog Join Our Mailing List Customer Relations Institutional Pricing New Best Sellers Featured Journals Mathematics Read to Respond New Best Sellers Featured Journals Mathematics Read to Respond Basketball Trafficking Javier Wallace “ Basketball Trafficking provides an intimate look at the complex relationship between basketball players, coaches, parents, and mentors in the highs and lows of creating pipelines of opportunities for young Black men in Panama seeking to pursue their hoop dreams in the United States. It also powerfully sounds the alarm on the need to protect young international student athletes who due to anti-Black citizenship and immigration policies are too often viewed as disposable players rather than young people vulnerable to victimization and abuse.” - Kaysha Corinealdi, author of Panama in Black: Afro-Caribbean World Making in the Twentieth Century Inhabitants of the Deep Jonathan Howard “Jonathan Howard’s Inhabitants of the Deep is a brilliant, rigorous, and sophisticated account of Black life. At the crossroads of ecopoetics, social history, and cultural criticism, Howard explores how the waterways of history provide fertile ground for understanding Black life not as social death but rather as deep living. While offering new critical terms and deeply engaging with contemporary critical theory, this book is a wholly unique yet also deeply grounded intellectual intervention.” - Imani Perry, author of Black in Blues: How a Color Tells the Story of My People Indigenomicon Jodi A. Byrd “ Indigenomicon takes a clear-eyed look at how video games mediate the ongoing realities of North American settler colonialism. Historically grounded yet sharply attuned to the present, it interrogates why we remain drawn to worlds built on exclusion and dispossession. Unsettling traditional approaches to video game representation, race, and Indigeneity, Jodi A. Byrd’s transformative text challenges readers to reconsider the relationship between power and play.” - Tara Fickle, author of The Race Card: From Gaming Technologies to Model Minorities Degas at the Gas Station Thomas Beller “Thomas Beller writes with wit, irony, skepticism, and brio. Degas at the Gas Station is one of the finest collections of personal essays I have seen in a long while.” - Phillip Lopate, author of My Affair with Art House Cinema: Essays and Reviews The City of Our Dreaming Laleh Khalili, V. Mitch McEwen, Gabriela Leandro Pereira, Leanne Betasamosake Simpson " The City of our Dreaming offers new insight into how we might properly conceive the ways we live with and for each other — from stranger to kin, private to public and with an ethic of relationship and reciprocity. This is how these thinkers dream — hopeful for a world and cities where everyone thrives and is keenly aware of our ties to each other and the biosphere." - Matt Henderson, Winnipeg Free Press Lyric Beyond Containment This special issue expands on debates in lyric theory by reconsidering the bounds of poetic and lyric forms. Contributors explore the fictions of lyric subjectivity and aesthetic autonomy, the presumed whiteness of the lyric “I,” and the colonial legacies of key lyric theorists. Crossing the Indian Ocean Emphasizing the transmission of ideas, cultural forms, artistic styles, and design across the Indian Ocean in the early modern and modern periods, this special issue moves beyond the usual focus on economic and political relationships — including labor migration — highlighting the non-material exchanges among societies along the margins of the ocean. Marx for Cats Leigh Claire La Berge “ Marx for Cats is an undomesticated and indefinable meow de coeur. You can open this book anywhere---it's a Marxist Choose Your Own Adventure---and come away as unsettled, possessed, and reflective as any transportative encounter with a cat might leave you.” - Jordy Rosenberg, author of Confessions of the Fox In the Wake Christina Sharpe "Christina Sharpe brings everything she has to bear on her consideration of the violation and commodification of Black life and the aesthetic responses to this ongoing state of emergency. Through her curatorial practice, Sharpe marshals the collective intellectual heft and aesthetic inheritance of the African diaspora to show us the world as it appears from her distinctive line of sight. A searing and brilliant work." - Saidiya Hartman, author of Lose Your Mother: A Journey Along the Atlantic Slave Route Black Disability Politics Sami Schalk “Black disabled genius is crucial to the work of creating a free present and future. In Black Disability Politics , Sami Schalk does so much absolutely brilliant Black queer disabled femme labor of surfacing buried Black disabled activist histories and organizing lessons. Her book is a Black queer disabled love offering, and reading it made me shout for joy and learn so much. I’m so grateful this book is in the world. Read it and give thanks that we get to share the world with the brilliance of Schalk and the organizers she writes about—then get to work putting into practice the lessons you’ve learned, so we can win.” - Leah Lakshmi Piepzna-Samarasinha, author of Care Work: Dreaming Disability Justice Raving McKenzie Wark “Passionately exploring queer rave culture, Raving is the fantasy and the moment. There are drugs and sex, tangled love affairs, rejection, the highs and lows of the dance floors, and all the messiness that makes up a rave evening. A potent book.” - madison moore, author of Fabulous: The Rise of the Beautiful Eccentric Living a Feminist Life Sara Ahmed “From the moment I received Sara Ahmed’s new work, Living a Feminist Life , I couldn’t put it down. It’s such a brilliant, witty, visionary new way to think about feminist theory. Everyone should read this book. It offers amazing new ways of knowing and talking about feminist theory and practice. And, it is also delightful, funny, and as the song says, ‘your love has lifted me higher.’ Ahmed lifts us higher.” - bell hooks Federal Sentencing Reporter Douglas Berman, Steven Chanenson, Jonathan J. Wroblewski The Federal Sentencing Reporter explores in detail the complex sector of sentencing law, practice, and theory. Each issue is organized around a central topic or theme. New Political Science Andy Scerri, Sarah M. Surak New Political Science , the official journal of the Caucus for a Critical Political Science, serves as a platform for critical scholarship dedicated to advancing the study of political science in the pursuit of a more democratic and egalitarian economic, social, and political system. Meridians Ginetta E. B. Candelario Meridians , an interdisciplinary feminist journal, provides a forum for the finest scholarship and creative work by and about women of color in US and international contexts. Duke Mathematical Journal Hubert L. Bray, Alexander Kiselev Published since its inception in 1935 by Duke University Press, the Duke Mathematical Journal is one of the world's leading mathematical journals. Notre Dame Journal of Formal Logic Curtis Franks, Anand Pillay The Notre Dame Journal of Formal Logic publishes original work in all areas of logic and the foundations of mathematics. Illinois Journal of Mathematics Rui Loja Fernandes Founded in 1957, the Illinois Journal of Mathematics ( IJM ) featured in its inaugural volume the papers of many of the world’s leading mathematicians. Kyoto Journal of Mathematics Osamu Fujino, Koji Fujiwara The Kyoto Journal of Mathematics publishes original research papers at the forefront of pure mathematics, including surveys that contribute to advances in pure mathematics. Care in Uncertain Times As we collectively deal with the implications of social distancing, stay-at-home orders, and a global pandemic, questions of care and self-care have become ever more important. These books, issues, and articles investigate different ways that care can bind together individuals and communities where larger institutions or governments fail to intervene. They show how radical care is essential to enduring precarity and to laying the groundwork for new futures. Feminist Politics and Women's Rights The Feminist Politics and Women’s Rights reading list includes titles that tackle feminist politics and women’s rights. Topics include reproductive justice, women’s marches, transnational feminism, and more. Globalization, Neoliberalism, and the Global Rise of Right-Wing Politics With Trump’s second term and the rise of right-wing leaders globally, the 2016 election appears less like an anomaly and more like part of a broader rightward shift. This reading list explores how to make sense of this shift by examining its historical context and significance. As these questions arise in many discussions, we offer a collection of books, journal issues, and articles to help readers navigate this political moment. Upcoming Conferences & Exhibits AMERICAN HISTORICAL ASSOCIATION 2026 January 8–11, 2026 MODERN LANGUAGE ASSOCIATION 2026 January 8–11, 2026 AMERICAN ACADEMY OF RELGION / SOCIETY FOR BIBLICAL LITERATURE 2025 November 22–25, 2025 AFRICAN STUDIES ASSOCIATION 2025 November 20–22, 2025, 2025 AMERICAN STUDIES ASSOCIATION 2025 November 20-22, 2025 Latest News News Duke University Press to Launch Anthropocene History in October 2026 Latest Blog Post All Posts Author Events in January Collections for Institutions Duke University Press 905 W. Main St. Ste 18-B
Durham, NC 27701 USA Phone (888) 651-0122 International +1 (919) 688-5134 Email orders@dukeupress.edu Information For Advertisers Agents and Vendors Book Authors Booksellers and Review Copies Customers Educators Journal Authors and Editors Librarians and Consortia Licensing and Subsidiary Rights Mathematics Authors and Editors Prospective Journals Scholarly Publishing Collective Societies Careers View Open Positions Join Our Mailing List Recent Catalogs Connect Facebook X twitter Youtube Instagram Pinterest Bluesky © 2024 Duke University Press. All Rights Reserved. Legal Accessibility Privacy Success The item was added to your cart. Close Error Something went wrong, please try again. Close