Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Applicants
Students
Staff
Alumni
Parents
University of Dundee
Explore
Support
Contact us
DISCOVER
YOUR
DUNDEE
Search
Search for a course, for example, Medicine
Subjects
Undergraduate
Open Days
Postgraduate
Winter break
The University is closed for winter break from 16:00 (UK time) Tuesday 23 December. We reopen at 09:00 (UK time) on Monday 5 January 2026.

If you need support or more information, visit our winter break info page:
Winter break information
Venture competition 2026
Applications are now open for the Venture 2026 competition, which will award more than £55,000+ in funding to the best new business idea.
Apply now
Study

Looking for an undergraduate or postgraduate course? You've come to the right place!

Explore our courses
Entrepreneurship

Outstanding Entrepreneurial University of the Year (THE Awards 2024)

Centre for Entrepreneurship
Working with industry

Our expertise and facilities helps commercial ideas go even further

Our work with industry
Latest stories

Press release

Professor Jill Belch named CBE in New Years Honours list

The University of Dundee's Professor Jill Belch, who has been named a CBE in the New Years Honours list.

Published on 30 December 2025

View Professor Jill Belch named CBE in New Years Honours list

Press release

Mobile Stroke Units could reduce emergency department transfers by 86%

A world-leading expert in stroke treatment from the University of Dundee believes that specialised ambulances could prevent hundreds of unnecessary emergency admissions across Scotland each year while ensuring patients receive the best possible care.

Published on 30 December 2025

View Mobile Stroke Units could reduce emergency department transfers by 86%

Press release

More fatal floods caused by melting glaciers are on the way, warn experts

Dangerous floods caused by meltwater from glaciers are happening far more often than initially thought, new research has revealed.

Published on 22 December 2025

View More fatal floods caused by melting glaciers are on the way, warn experts
View more stories
Equality, diversity, and inclusion

The University of Dundee is committed to strongly supporting all in our community, to ensuring an inclusive learning and working environment, and to a fair and more equitable society for all. We have a zero-tolerance approach to discrimination, harassment and bullying.

View equality and diversity information
Search
Our jobs
Our events
Our stories
中文网站
University of Dundee
Nethergate
Dundee
DD1 4HN
Scotland, UK
Contact the University
Accessibility
Modern slavery statement
Privacy
Cookie preferences
Top
Scottish Registered Charity, No. SC015096. © University of Dundee