Complete Identity Security & MFA Solutions | Duo Security Skip navigation Search Support Admin Login Products A comprehensive overview of Duo's product capabilities. Capabilities Overview IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT Duo Directory Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) Single Sign-On (SSO) PHISHING-RESISTANT MFA Passwordless Duo Passport Device Trust IDENTITY INTELLIGENCE Cisco Identity Intelligence Identity Threat Detection and Response (ITDR) Identity Security Posture Management (ISPM) Solutions Comprehensive, customizable identity solutions tailored for all. Solutions Overview FOR WHOM Small and Medium Business Enterprise Federal, State, and Local Government Managed Service Providers (MSP) USE CASES Security-First IAM End-to-End Phishing Resistance Compliance Solutions Access Management Zero Trust Security INDUSTRIES Higher Education K-12 Education Finance Legal Retail Technology Healthcare Docs and Resources Browse hundreds of Duo assets. Top Resources RESOURCES OVERVIEW Docs Events and Webinars Ebooks Demos Blog NEW OUR COMPANY About Duo Why Choose Duo? Customer Success SUPPORT Duo Support For Admins For Users Pricing Compare Duo Editions Affordable editions for teams of all sizes Compare Editions Buy Now Duo Essentials Essential authentication for broader organizational security. $3/user/month View Essentials Duo Advantage Most Popular Comprehensive control over user and device security. $6/user/month View Advantage Duo Premier The most security coverage for any size organization. $9/user/month View Premier Duo Free for teams of 10 or less Search Support Admin Login Contact sales Free trial Identity is in crisis. Duo is the cure. Duo flips the script on identity with security-first IAM that attackers hate and users love. Free sign up Security-first IAM Phishing season is over. Unleash phishing-resistant MFA with Duo - the only IAM solution built for security. Learn how we stop users from taking the bait. Phishing-resistant MFA Duo Directory Identity Intelligence World-class UX Phishing-resistant MFA Duo Directory Identity Intelligence World-class UX No phishing. No friction. Attackers are evading traditional MFA, SSO, and Identity and Access Management (IAM). So we redefined the category to keep users safe. No extra hardware required. Learn about end-to-end phishing resistance Secure identity. No disruptions. Use Duo as a full IAM solution or broker secure access from identity sources you already have. Either way, establish consistent security control with Duo. Learn more about Duo Directory See more. Stop more. Stay safe. Know who’s logging in, what’s risky, and what to do next. Cisco Identity Intelligence gives you the power to act before threats become problems. Explore our unified identity intelligence First login. Only login. Duo turns strong security into a smooth, seamless experience. One login gets users where they need to go with no friction, no fatigue and no slowdown. Experience access without interruptions Seamless and secure There’s no cutting corners when it comes to security. Cisco Duo goes beyond multi-factor-authentication (MFA), saves your team time, and easily integrates into your team’s workflow. $500k in annual IT savings 1 As observed in Cisco + Duo case study, as a result of reduced IT helpdesk costs. <1% of users seek IT support 2 Source: Cisco + Duo Case Study 2025 1.3b monthly authentications For teams of every size From growing startups to established enterprises, Duo helps streamline access and provide tailored security needs to fit your business. Find your solution SMB Flexible protection for growing teams. Phishing-resistant multi-factor authentication (MFA), single sign-on (SSO), and additional safeguards help you stay ahead of evolving threats. Explore solutions for small to medium sized businesses Enterprise Scalable identity security for teams that need more comprehensive protection. Streamline identity management for every device. Learn more about enterprise solutions Government For the strictest safety standards, stay ahead of evolving threats with Duo’s advanced tools to protect confidential data. Find solutions for local and federal government Simple to set up, easy to use Duo takes the guesswork out of security and reduces friction so your team can focus their time on moving your business forward. Get started with a free trial Play / Pause toggle Trusted by industry leaders See why businesses rely on Duo to simplify access, enhance security, and deliver peace of mind no matter the team’s size. Here’s what customers are saying. See why customers choose Duo Our rollout was surprisingly quick. All the training and onboarding material was right there. We just downloaded it, added our banner, and sent it to our users. We had roughly 1,000 employees onboarded, registered, and using the product in less than 30 days. It was one of our fastest rollouts. Read the customer story Mark Rodrigue Senior Network Engineer, Room & Board Duo has proven to be one of those rare solutions that both improves the security of our company while simultaneously being easier for our employees to use. Read the customer story Mike Johnson Former CISO, Lyft When we roll a technology out to users, we want to enable as much self-service as possible—not generate more help desk calls. Users shouldn’t have to wait for IT. Read the customer story Christopher Martin Manager of Identity and Access Security, AmeriGas Cisco Systems is a 2025 Customers’ Choice for the 'User Authentication' market on Gartner Peer Insights™ based on reviews submitted for Cisco Duo.* Download the report Ready to secure your organization? Experience for yourself why Duo is one of the most trusted access management tools. Try it for free, explore editions, and connect with security experts. Start your free trial See why Duo is the leader in identity security. Compare editions Find out which edition is right for your organization. Contact sales Connect with our sales team and learn more. * Gartner, Voice of Customer for User Authentication, Peer Contributions, May 30, 2025. Gartner® and Peer Insights™ are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Gartner Peer Insights content consists of the opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences, and should not be construed as statements of fact, nor do they represent the views of Gartner or its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in this content nor makes any warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this content, about its accuracy or completeness, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Products Duo Directory Duo Passport Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) Single Sign-On (SSO) Passwordless Integrations Device Trust Adaptive Access Policies Remote Access Cisco Identity Intelligence Identity Threat Detection & Response Identity Security Posture Management Solutions Enterprise Managed Service Provider Small & Medium Business Federal, State & Local Government Security-First IAM Phishing Prevention Compliance Zero Trust Security Partnerships Partnerships Overview Managed Service Providers Duo Ecosystem Support Duo Support Getting Started with Duo Support for Admins Support for Users Docs & Resources Top Resources Docs Demos Events Blog Learn PRICING Essentials Advantage Premier Compare Editions Company About Duo Careers Download our app Duo for iOS Duo for Android Terms of Service Privacy Statement Service Level Agreement Copyright Dispute Policy Security Response Cookies © 2025 Cisco Systems, Inc.