Duquesne University Privacy policy statement. Our privacy policy has recently been updated. Dismiss Privacy Policy Go to site search Go to main navigation Go to main content Search Go Main Menu Academics Explore All Programs Office of the Provost Our Learning Approach Colleges & Schools Academic Advising & Support Academic Catalog Academic Calendar Study Abroad Admissions & Aid How to Apply Financial Aid & Scholarships Visit Us Request Info For Admitted Students Admissions Counselors Student Accounts Life at Duquesne Our Campus Housing & Dining Health, Recreation and Wellness Career Development Student Life Student Organizations & Activities Student Services Graduate Student Life International Student Life Research Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Faculty Research Centers & Institutes Social Impact Mission & Spiritan Values Opportunity, Community Building and Engagement Volunteering Opportunities Community & Global Service About Fast Facts Leadership Policies & Initiatives Faculty & Staff Directory Departments & Offices Accreditation Consumer Information Contact Us Athletics Giving News & Stories Events Information For Parents & Families Current Students Admitted Students Faculty & Staff Alumni In this section Get ready for an education that's Everything you need ...and more than you could ever have imagined. Visit Campus. Choose Duquesne! Schedule a Visit 2026 BEST COLLEGES Duquesne University is on the rise—recognized across multiple national rankings for
                                                   delivering top-tier academics, career outcomes, and a transformative student experience. Facts & Rankings Are you ready to transfer? Learn how to transfer REGULAR DECISION DEADLINE—JANUARY 15 Applications for spring, summer and fall 2026 are open. Apply Now to Duquesne University Find Your Future At Duquesne, we feel fortunate to be entrusted with your gifts and your goals. Here
                                       you can discover what you're good at, and why that's good for the world. You have big plans, and we do, too: Explore your options to see where you can start. Explore All Programs Undergraduate Programs Find Your Major Graduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate Programs Advance Your Career Exactly what you need and more than you can imagine Over our 140+ year history as a Catholic University in the Spiritan tradition, we've
                                 developed a national reputation for academic excellence. Duquesne's programs have
                                 won praise for innovation and continued high quality including accolades as a “first-tier
                                 university,” “top 100 undergraduate school,” and “Most Popular.” The DUQ Difference Go to the previous card. Go to the next card. Ten Schools of Study Whatever your academic ambitions, we have the breadth and depth to make the most of
                                             them. With our undergraduate majors and graduate programs, you'll find just the right
                                             fit for you. Discover your pathway 85+ Undergraduate Majors You have a good sense of what you want to achieve. Our future-focused undergraduate
                                             majors lead to bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees, opening up a world of possibilities. Choose Your Major Vibrant, Lively Location Duquesne University is situated in the heart of Pittsburgh, a city of 90 diverse neighborhoods
                                             where everyone can be themselves. Repeatedly among the top most livable cities, just
                                             a few blocks from campus you'll find Fortune 500 companies, non-profit organizations
                                             and startups–for work–and three major league sports teams for play! Life at Duquesne 125+ Graduate, Master's and Professional Programs Discover the graduate and certificate programs that add depth, discipline and professionalism
                                             to your bigger goals. We'll make sure you gain the professional confidence, impressive
                                             experience, and powerful networks you need to take your career to the next level. Pick your Graduate Program Real-World Experience Our location will provide you with countless opportunities for real-world experience
                                             and career opportunities. You will gain practical experience through fieldwork, clinicals,
                                             research projects and internships. Experiential Learning 94% directly related A huge percentage of recent graduates report that their professional work now is directly
                                             related to the major they studied at Duquesne. Great outcomes University Events All University Events Christmas Break Christmas Break (No classes. Offices closed December 24 - January 2.) Classes begin Thursday, January 8, 2026. Dec. 19, 2025 - Jan. 07, 2026 All Day More About This Event Donuts with the President President Ken Gormley invites you to join him for free donuts, coffee and hot chocolate to kick off an exciting new semester! Jan. 08, 2026 09:30 am - 11:00 am Student Union More About This Event MLK Day Breakfast As a yearly tradition set forth by the former Dean of the Law School (now President Ken Gormley), students from the Thomas R. Kline School of Law of Duquesne University, along with other students, will attend the Homer S. Brown Drum Major for Justice Awards Breakfast at Mt. Ararat Baptist Church whe Jan. 19, 2026 07:30 am - 10:00 am More About This Event Duquesne - Pittsburgh Connection Community Service Experiential Learning Research Alumni Network Community Service I volunteer because serving our neighbors is a way that I can give back to my community.
                                                " At Duquesne, caring about the community unites us. Service is at the core of our Spiritan
                                                legacy and one of the many ways we engage in the community right here in Pittsburgh and around the world . Pharmacy Student 10,000 Students, faculty and staff volunteer because we believe service to others is important. Experiential Learning I wouldn’t be who am I if I hadn’t gone to Duquesne.” Community gardens and urban agriculture were part of her studies, but understanding
                                                the food deserts in Pittsburgh's neighborhoods provided the experiential learning
                                                opportunities that motivated Kelsey Coates’ to pursue Environmental Sciences. Kelsey Coates, S'21 Environmental Science graduate with minors in math, chemistry and biology Research Duquesne’s R2 designation provides Duquesne student so many untapped opportunities
                                                allowing them to achieve their bigger goals through research.” A 2022 report ranks Pittsburgh in the Top 25 Life Sciences Research Talent Clusters in the U.S. 
                                                Research at Duquesne begins with first-year students from Liberal Arts to the Sciences
                                                and everything in between. Jennifer Padden Elliott, Pharm. D. ‘07, Associate Professor of Medicine and Pharmacy Director, Center for Integrative
                                             Health, Fritzky Family Endowed Chair #3 in the Northeast of R2 institutions producing the most high-earning female alumni under 40 in the U.S. Alumni Network The alumni office is finding amazing ways for alumni to fit as volunteers in Pittsburgh
                                                and all over the country and internationally.” Duquesne alumni believe that equity and opportunity begin at home and are trusted
                                                University brand ambassadors who bring their heart for service to our surrounding
                                                communities and beyond. " Bluff in the Burgh " connects alumni to upcoming events in Pittsburgh. Ann Hohn, A'83 1/3 Alumni report that the University's reputation or connections helped them land an
                                          internship or job. LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter 600 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15282 (412) 396-6000 admissionsFREEDUQUESNE Academics Admission & Aid Life at Duquesne Research Social Impact About Parents & Families Current Students Accepted Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Work at DU Community Building Title IX Duquesne Portal Contact Campus Map Information For Parents & Families Current Students Accepted Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Community Partners & Employers Copyright © 2025 Duquesne University. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Accessibility ©