Skip to main content
Alumni
Library and Collections
Business School
Things To Do
About us
How to contact us
Collapse
Study
Wider Student Experience
Student support
Research and business
Global Durham
Visit us
Search
Congratulations to our Graduates
We’re celebrating all our extraordinary graduates at Winter Congregation: 9 - 10 January.
Student and Guest Information 
Find a course
Search
Popular searches:
History
Engineering
Psychology
Geography
Physics
Law
View all courses 
Discover
Inspiring Excellence Scholarships
Recognising outstanding international students, at both undergraduate and postgraduate level.
Welcome to all new alumni
Every student who finishes studying at Durham becomes a member of our alumni community. Explore our exclusive alumni benefits, our global alumni chapters, and how to keep in touch.
Alumni Fee Scholarship
Supporting Durham graduates looking to undertake a postgraduate degree.
Durham Masters Bursary
Supporting UK students from low- and middle-income households with postgraduate study.
Your next steps
Undergraduate study
Postgraduate study
Chat to us
Open days
Events in the Middle East: support and assistance for students and staff

Read our statement and answers to frequently asked questions.

Find out more 
Research impact at Durham

We conduct innovative and impactful research to transform lives and make a difference, globally and locally: research to empower and inspire.

Discover more about our research impact 

  

What's new?
Filter:
 What's new?
 Research news
 Student news
 Thought leadership
 Business & community
Reflecting on an extraordinary year at Durham

As we approach the end of 2025, we’re reflecting on some of the achievements, discoveries, and moments that shaped an exceptional 12 months for Durham.

 Durham news
Humanities researcher joins UK government project shaping the future of childhood
Our pioneering Classics researcher, Prof Arlene Holmes-Henderson, has joined a government project exploring the key factors that influence and shape the future of childhood in the UK.
 Durham news
Leading figures from sport, defence, community and justice to be recognised with Honorary Degrees
We are awarding honorary degrees to four distinguished individuals during our Winter Congregation ceremonies at Durham Cathedral on 8 and 9 January 2026.
 Durham news
Earth’s frozen regions are sending a clear warning about climate change – but politicians are ignoring it
Professor Chris Stokes, in our Department of Geography, Dr Florence Colleoni, National Institute of Oceanography and Applied Geophysics, and Dr James Kirkham British Antarctic Survey, say the science is clear on glacier change – and the perils of ignoring it are even clearer.
 Global research
Warmer ocean currents significantly destabilise ice sheets, driving their retreat
New research reveals how ocean warming triggered the large-scale retreat of the Northeast Greenland Ice Stream (NEGIS) - offering vital clues for understanding its modern-day vulnerability.
 Research news
Looking for ancient climate clues beneath 500 metres of Antarctic ice
Our geographers are part of international team looking at the possible fate of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet in our warming world.  
 Global research
How figures like Joey Barton could fuel a culture of online hostility toward female athletes - new research
Online abuse in sport is often dismissed as background noise, yet the case of former footballer Joey Barton shows how digital hostility can cross legal and ethical lines. Drawing on research involving Professor Mariann Hardey from our Business School, this piece explores how influential figures normalise misogyny online as a form of digital violence.
 Research news
More news 
Upcoming events
Grease
Tuesday 27 January 2026 - Saturday 31 January 2026
7:30 PM to 10:30 PM
Gala Durham
Shakespeare Recovered: Durham's First Folio
Friday 4 April 2025 - Monday 6 April 2026
11:00 AM to 4:00 PM
Palace Green Library Palace Green Durham DH1 3RN
Verdi Requiem
Friday 30 January 2026 - Friday 30 January 2026
7:30 PM to 10:00 PM
Durham Cathedral
Saturnalia Trail
Monday 1 December 2025 - Sunday 4 January 2026
11:00 AM to 11:00 AM
Museum of Archaeology
See all events 
From our Student Blogs:

The Four Seasons of Durham

Psychology graduate Eunice explains how Durham's unique charm changes through every season, from the opportunity to explore the beautiful countryside and historic locations in summer to the majesty of the city's historic buildings and cathedral in the snow during winter.

Read Eunice's blog 

 

 

Postgraduate study at Durham

Our taught Masters and research programmes will enable you to push the boundaries of current thinking and research.

Hear from some of our postgraduate students about what they like about studying at Durham.

Discover postgraduate study 

 

 

Contact Durham University 
About us 
Durham University on Bluesky
Durham University on Twitter
Durham University on Facebook
Durham University on LinkedIn
Durham University on YouTube
Durham University on Instagram
Durham University on TikTok
The University
About us
Jobs
Contact us
Visit us
Our Colleges
Academic Departments
Ceremonies
Statements and policies
Notices
Statement on Modern Slavery
Freedom of expression
Covid-19 information
Website accessibility
Student complaints and non-academic misconduct
Safeguarding
Business services
Helping business
Analytical services
Global Durham
International Consortia
Research and partnerships
Useful links
Learn Ultra
Banner Self-Service
Staff directory
Technician Commitment
DU Hub (Internal)
IT help and support

The Palatine Centre
Durham University
Stockton Road
Durham 
DH1 3LE

 

Charitable status
Disclaimer
Trading name
Cookie notice
Privacy notices

©2025 Durham University