(+84) 236.3650403 Contact About Admission Academics Graduate Graduate UnderGraduate UnderGraduate Linking Program\Second Degree Program Linking Program\Second Degree Program eUniversity eUniversity DTU’s success in graduate education has established a solid foundation to be extended to higher levels. DTU currently offers Master’s degrees in ten disciplines: Business Administration; Accounting; Computer Science; Civil Engineering; Pharmacology Management; International Relations; Electrical Engineering; Environmental Engineering; Economic Law; and Finance & Banking.  
The University now offers PhDs in six of those: Business Administration; Accounting; Computer Science; Civil Engineering; International Relations; and Finance & Banking. DTU was the first private university in Vietnam to be licensed for PhD education. PhD Programs PhD in Computer Science PhD in Business Administration PhD in Accounting Master's Programs Master of Computer Science Master of Business Administration Master of Accounting Master of Civil Engineering (MCE) Master of Finance and Banking Master of International Relations Master of Nursing International Master of Pharmacology Management Over the past 23 years, Duy Tan University has enrolled 70,000 students in 23 Undergraduate and Associate Bachelor’s Degree programs. School of Engneering and Technology (SET) School Of Business & Economics School of Languages - Social Humanities Hospitality and Tourism School Earning a Bachelor’s Degree is an important way to guarantee a good job in the future. DTU is aware of this and continues to expand enrollment in e-Learning programs and Second Degree programs to allow prospective students nationwide to learn more and improve their required professional skills. DTU’s Linking program Disciplines Nursing Finance - Banking Business Administration Pharmacology Accounting Software Technology Tourism and Travel Management Civil Engineering Construction Engineering Technology DTU's Second degree Disciplines Business Administration Finance & Banking Accounting The DTU eUniversity programs provide rich and varied curricula, combining printed documentation (syllabi), sound recordings (lectures recorded in mp3/mp4), and visual materials (filmed lectures). At the same time, web-based virtual classrooms create an environment where lecturers and students can easily interact anytime, anywhere. Academic Programs Software Engineering Finance & Banking Civil and Industrial Construction Business Administration Economics Law English Language Accounting Research Collaboration Study abroad Sports News SDGs Hot Majors with Bright Futures at DTU Which is the most dependable major to choose now, whether or not the pandemic resurges? Which is... View more... DTU Listed in the Top 482 Universities Internationally According to QS World University Rankings 2026 Five Vietnamese institutions are now listed in the Times Higher Education (THE) 2022 World... View more... DTU Students Champion National and International Contests DTU is now highly-regarded as a university with substantial educational and research achievements,... View more... Hot Majors with Bright Futures at DTU Which is the most dependable major to choose now, whether or not the pandemic resurges? Which is... View more... DTU Listed in the Top 482 Universities Internationally According to QS World University Rankings 2026 Five Vietnamese institutions are now listed in the Times Higher Education (THE) 2022 World... View more... DTU Students Champion National and International Contests DTU is now highly-regarded as a university with substantial educational and research achievements,... View more... DTU Students Transform Their Graduation Projects into Practical Models and Products 12/29/2025 Going beyond technical drawings, DTU students, through their Graduation Projects and course assignments, have actively focused on turning their academic work into ... “Green Christmas in White” MV Released 12/24/2025 This Christmas season becomes even warmer and more heartfelt with the release of the “Green Christmas in White” music video, a special musical gift performed by ... DTU Creates an Inspiring Artistic Space 12/18/2025 In April 2025, right at DTU, audiences had the opportunity to enjoy a special concert titled “Dream Concert Da Nang 2025”, hosted by the New York Classical Music ... DTU Student Awarded VALOMA Talent Scholarship 12/15/2025 The VALOMA Scholarship Award Ceremony was held on November 31 at the Foreign Trade College in Ho Chi Minh City. This prestigious scholarship, awarded by the Vietnam ... Marketer’s Challenge 2025 - Brand Color Fest 2025: The Brand Color Festival 12/13/2025 On December 12th, the finals of the Marketer’s Challenge 2025 competition, themed Brand Color Fest 2025, took place in a highly dynamic and creative atmosphere, ... Singer Tang Phúc “Goes All Out” with DTU Students at PNJ UNI Tour 2025 12/10/2025 On the evening of December 9th, the DTU campus 'exploded' when singer Tang Phúc showed up. From the moment he stepped onto the stage, the atmosphere instantly hit ... DTU Technology & Engineering Programs with Learning Environment for Startup and in World Top 100+ 12/08/2025 Architecture & construction at DTU has left a remarkable impression over the years. In the 2025 QS World Rankings by Subjects, architecture at DTU is placed in the 151–200 range of the world, while construction is in the world top 200+. DTU students of architecture & construction are highly regarded for their creativity and impressive design skills: In the international arena of 2023, DTU students of architecture & construction once again won the championship at the Asia–Pacific IDEERS competition to design earthquake-resistant buildings (after a first win nine years ago in 2014). This prestigious Asian competition in civil engineering sees participation from leading universities across the continent, such as Nanyang Technological University (Singapore)... DTU’s School of Languages & Social Humanities: High-Achieving Students and ... 09/08/2025 Renowned for consistently producing many of DTU’s ... DTU Economics and Management Students Study “Imported” Programs and Triumph in ... 07/19/2025 DTU’s Business & Management faculty has years of ... General Practitioner and Odonto-Stomatology at DTU with Many Achievements in ... 06/16/2025 The distinctive health sciences training at DTU ... DTU Graduates in IT Earn Four Figures USD a Month, Students Often Champions in ... 05/12/2025 A training program of quality leads to able ... DTU Offers Nursing, Medical Laboratory Technology and Biomedical Engineering ... 03/31/2025 At DTU, the Nursing, Medical Laboratory ... DTU Business & Management Students in "Imported" Programs Win Major Competitions 02/27/2025 DTU’s Business & Management faculty has years of ... ACADEMICS MISA Joint Stock Company Transfers the Latest ... 12/15/2025 82 DTU Students to Japan for Employment and Paid Internships DTU Aviation Students with Numerous Internship and Exchange Opportunities RESEARCH Dr Subhankar Das from DTU Appointed to Editorial Board ... 12/12/2025 DTU Students of Biotechnology Win Award for Outstanding Poster Presentation at ASNP 2025 DTU Scientists Discover Fungi Causing Root Rot in Ngoc Linh Ginseng COLLABORATION DTU Partners with VietJet and Aviation Academy for ... 12/08/2025 An Agreement with Techzen LLC An Agreement with Chungbuk National University on AI, Semiconductors, and Technology SPORTS Singer Tang Phúc “Goes All Out” with DTU Students at ... 12/09/2025 The Colors of Childhood on Stage: Children's Fashion Design Project Showcase at DTU Blue Ladder 2025 - The Journey of Glorious Youth ASEAN - Korea Tourism Roundtable 2025 Held from July 2 - 4, 2025 at DTU, the ASEAN - Korea Tourism Roundtable (AK-RT) ... View gallery Duy Tan University celebrated its 30th anniversary (November 11, 1994 ... On the morning of November 10, Duy Tan University celebrated its 30th ... View gallery Samsung Awards High-Configuration Computers Worth 1.3 Billion VND to ... Samsung has worked with DTU to implement the Samsung Innovation Campus (SIC) ... View gallery The 7th P2A Annual General Meeting at DTU On November 17, the opening ceremony of the 7th P2A Annual General Meeting was ... View gallery The Opening of the 17th UNWTO Asia/Pacific Executive Training Program ... On November 13, the UN World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) and the Vietnam ... View gallery Samsung Innovation Campus Program to be deployed in Central region On May 23, the Samsung Vietnam Complex, Junior Achievement (JA) Vietnam and DTU ... View gallery DTU Is Awarded Level 2 Educational Institution Accreditation On November 11, Duy Tan University was awarded a 2021-2022 Emulation Flag and a ... View gallery DTU signs an Agreement with the Can Tho city Department of Science & ... On November 4, DTU signed an agreement with the Can Tho City Department of ... View gallery Go to top DTU on Facebook DTU on Twitter DTU on Google + Videos Photo gallery Contact A - Z Sitemap # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Duy Tan University’s mission is to focus on the education and research of various sciences and technologies in order to produce dynamic, creative, healthy graduates, who love their country, possess humanitarian Vietnamese values, a sense of community, self-confidence and a broad range of capabilities and skills, to become Citizens of the World. Help Site Map Contact Web links DTU Board of Trustees and Provosts DTU Board of Trustees DTU Board of Provosts Affiliations DTU Graduate School The Faculty of Political Science The Faculty of Natural Sciences Center of National Defence and Physical Education Center of Continuous Education & Distance-Learning Foreign-Language Center Duy Tan Information Technology Center eUniversity Learning and Testing Center (LTC) Unions Department of General Administration Human Resource Department Office of Academic Affairs Student Affairs Office Legal Affairs and Internal Inspection Department Department of Sciences & Technologies Student Counseling and Support Center Center of Quality Assurance and Testing eLib Party Committee Office Labor Union Youth Union Quick reference Research & Application Division Institute of Research and Development Institute of Theory and Application The Institute of Theoretical and Applied Research (ITAR) Center of Information Technology (CIT) Center of Software Engineering (CSE) Learning and Testing Center (LTC) Copyright © 2026 - DuyTan University Address: 254 Nguyen Van Linh, Danang, Vietnam Tel: (+84) 236.3650403 - (+84) 236.3827111