Eseecloud Home Login Company Profile JUAN independently design, research and develop all the current full CCTV product line in dozens,
                    including wireless NVR Kit, standalone wireless IP camera，NVR, hybrid AHD, IP cameras, etc… In
                    addition, JUAN has passed CE for EU, FCC for America and other authorized certification.With 200
                    professional engineers of hardware and Software, Special R&D team focus on software and hardware
                    design, to make sure the quality for JUAN brand. With 15,000 square meters plant area, JUAN owns 20
                    sets high-speed SMT, 4 DIP workshop, 20 assembling lines; Daily productivity ups to 5000pcs DVR/NVR
                    and 5000pcs cameras. JUAN have built it’s own nationwide sales net, successfully expended European,
                    American, middle East and so on. Quality is the absolute truth criterion for Juan, 100% inspection
                    before delivery; Moreover, JUAN has an efficient pre-sales and after-sales service team!JUAN , your
                    most trustful cooperation partner! Eseecloud Download Scan to Download Android App Scan to Download IOS App FAQS Cameras offline Q1: Camera offline processing method 1. Make sure camera is powered on, and status light is on. 2. If you are connected by WIFI, please make sure whether you have
                                                modified the WIFI of the environment where the device is located -
                                                including the WIFI password and name, if you have modified it, please
                                                reconfigure the WIFl. 3. Please do factory setting on cameras and restore network. Cameras add failure Q1: Failed to add the camera for the first time Check whether the green light of the camera flashes
                                            normally. If the camera status light is not flashing green, use a thimble to
                                            lightly insert the configuration hole or long press the reset button until
                                            the camera indicator flashes. Q2: Determine whether the binding failure caused by the
                                            router settings 1. The router has been set up to prevent Wi-fi squatter If the Wi-Fi connected to the camera is set to prevent Wi-fi
                                                squatter(black and white lists, MAC address filtering, etc.), the camera
                                                will not be able to connect to the Internet. The router's prevent Wi-fi
                                                squatter settings need to be canceled. 2. The router is set up with 5GHz band wireless Wi-Fi The camera does not currently support the connection of 5G band Wi-Fi.
                                                Please open the router management page (generally marked with the
                                                address of the management page on the bottom label of the router),
                                                select the wireless setting 2.4GHz, and set it to on. Q3: Check whether the mobile phone prohibits the APP from
                                            using data, WLAN, GPS permissions Android phones may prohibit the use of data, WLAN, GPS
                                            permissions for this application, resulting in the camera being unable to
                                            connect to Wi-Fi. Solution (Android phone): Open the phone settings
                                            center-click "application management"-open the above permissions. Q4: Make sure that the Wi-Fi account and password are
                                            filled in correctly It is likely that the Wi-Fi account and password you
                                            connected to the camera are incorrect, resulting in the camera not being
                                            able to connect to the network. In particular, pay attention to whether
                                            there is a space input, and try to avoid complex and uncommon symbols. Q5：Other questions 1. Please do not connect cameras network into Wi-Fi environment which is
                                                built on bridge mode. Bridge mode Wi-Fi environment is considered
                                                unstable network, it will disconnect camera system network constantly. 2. When your device is assigned a static IP to access to Internet,
                                                cameras can not work in static Internet. 3. Cameras support WEP,WPA--PSK/WPA2--PSK, and company Wi-Fi without
                                                password. They do not support WPA/WPA2 company encryption method. 4. Please call customer service if more assist is necessary. Alarm messages Q1: What should I do if I cannot receive the alarm push
                                            message? Please open the APP (keep it in the foreground) to see if you can receive
                                                the alarm push. If you can receive it when you open the camera APP, it
                                                proves that it is not a hardware problem, but generally it is an Android
                                                mobile phone software permission problem. The specific troubleshooting
                                                methods are as follows. A. Check if the notification is turned on in the APP? B. Check whether the alarm push is enabled? (View in my settings) C. Whether the relevant system permissions of the APP have been opened,
                                                such as self-starting permissions, floating window permissions, lock
                                                screen display permissions, and background pop-up interface permissions. Q2: The management software from third-party ROM requires
                                            manual operation by the user Xiaomi [MIU] Self-booting management: the application needs to be added to the
                                                [self-booting management] list, otherwise the process cannot be started
                                                after shutting down the process or restarting it; Notification column settings: By default, the application displays
                                                notices on notification column. If it is closed, you will not be
                                                notified when you receive notices; Network Assistant: You can manually prohibit installed third-party
                                                programs from accessing 2G / 3G and WIFI networks and set whether the
                                                new installation program will allow access to 2G / 3G and WIFI networks
                                                in the future; MIUI7 Hidden Mode: Allows the application to customize the configuration
                                                mode, the application remains connected to the network in the
                                                background, otherwise the application cannot receive messages normally
                                                when the application enters the background. [Setting]-Power and
                                                performance-[Hidden mode]; Huawei [Emotion] Self-booting management: need to add the application to the [self-booting
                                                management] list, otherwise the process cannot be started after shutting
                                                down the process or restarting, and the application can only be started
                                                manually; Background application protection: you need to manually add the
                                                application to this list, otherwise the device will automatically shut
                                                down the application process after the device enters sleep, and only
                                                restart the application manually to resume operation; Notification management: There are three application states: prompt,
                                                allow, and prohibit. If the application is disabled, there will be no
                                                reminder in the notification column; Meizu [Flyme] Self-booting management: the application needs to be added to the
                                                [self-booting management] list, otherwise the process cannot be started
                                                after shutting down the process or restarting it; Notification bar push: close the application notification, there will be
                                                no display of the received message; Power-saving management: set the power-saving mode in the security
                                                center, keep the permission when the application is allowed to stand by
                                                in [Standby Power Consumption Management], otherwise the phone will
                                                sleep or the application will be idle for a period of time, and it
                                                cannot receive messages normally; VIVO [Funtouch OS] One-click memory cleaning: you need to add the application to the [white
                                                list] list, otherwise the system's "one-click acceleration" will shut
                                                down the process; Self-booting management: The application needs to be added to the
                                                [self-booting management] list in "i-Housekeeper", otherwise the process
                                                will not start automatically after restarting the phone. However, it is
                                                mandatory to manually shut down the process, even if it is added to this
                                                list, subsequent processes cannot start automatically; OPPO [ColorOS] Frozen application management: the application needs to be added to the
                                                pure background, otherwise the message cannot be received in time when
                                                the screen is locked; Self-booting management: while adding the application to the
                                                [self-booting management] list, you need to lock the application process
                                                in the settings-application-running, otherwise the process will not
                                                start after shutting down the process or booting, you can only start the
                                                application manually; Memory card and Cloud storage Q1: Memory card specification Speed: class 4 and above Capacity: 4GB-32GB, etc Type: TF card or micro-SD card Format: FAT32 Q2: Remove the memory card from the camera, insert it into
                                            the computer, and prompt to repair the disk This situation is rare, and when it appears, click Repair as
                                            prompted. Q3: Do I need to remove the memory card and watch the
                                            video playback on the computer? You can directly watch the playback on the mobile APP,
                                            without removing the memory card to view on the computer. Click the video
                                            playback button in the device list, under the "TF card video" tab, you can
                                            view the playback video. Q4: How to set up cloud recording (on / off, etc.) After purchasing the cloud recording function, the cloud
                                            recording function will be enabled at the same time. You can enter the
                                            "cloud video playback page", in the "service management", set the cloud
                                            video function switch, renew the extension service and other operations. Q5: When inserting the memory card, the App prompts
                                            "Unable to detect TF card" If the TF memory card cannot be detected, please try the following: 1. Make sure the TF format is FAT32 or exFAT. 2. Unplug the camera power cord and restart the camera. Q6: When the memory of the memory card is full, will it
                                            stop recording?? Will not stop recording. The recording function of the AP
                                            memory card supports loop recording. When the memory card is full, the
                                            camera will automatically delete the old video files and write new ones. Q7: Cloud video renewal 1. If you have purchased a cloud service and it has not expired. You can
                                                purchase cloud video on "Cloud Video Service Management Page" and "Cloud
                                                Center of Personal Center". After purchase, the new cloud service
                                                package will take effect immediately after the current package expires. 2. If your previous cloud recording has expired. You can purchase on the
                                                "Cloud Video Service Management Page" and "Personal Center-Cloud Mall".
                                                After purchase, the new cloud video package will take effect
                                                immediately. Q8: Can I record sound when recording on a memory card? Support recording sound. But if the voice intercom function
                                            is used during recording, the voice during the intercom will not be
                                            recorded. Q9: The temperature of the memory card removed from the
                                            camera is very high. Will it damage the memory card? The memory card may be slightly hot during recording, but we
                                            have passed rigorous testing and the current temperature will not damage the
                                            memory card. Q10: Under what circumstances may the TF card or cloud
                                            recording be incomplete? 1. Before the abnormal dynamic occurs, the memory card has been damaged,
                                                which makes the TF card recording impossible; 2. During the abnormal dynamic occurrence, there is a network
                                                disconnection or a poor network, and the cloud video cannot be uploaded; 3. Unstable power supply causes the camera to power off, and the machine
                                                cannot work normally; 4. The camera is powered off because of human reasons, such as
                                                artificially cutting off the power, causing the machine to not work
                                                properly; 5. Before the abnormal dynamic occurs, the camera is damaged because of
                                                improper use, resulting in the machine not working properly; 6. During the abnormal dynamic occurrence, the perpetrator damaged or cut
                                                off the power of the camera, resulting in the machine not working
                                                properly; 7. During the occurrence of abnormal dynamics, the perpetrator did not
                                                appear within the shooting range of the camera, and no content of the
                                                perpetrator was captured. Advantages of the 4G camera Q1: What are the advantages of 4G card camera No network configuration is required. When there is no Internet-access
                                                router near the camera, you can insert a 4G SIM card and add it
                                                directly. Reason for poor signal from 4G device Q1: What is the reason for poor signal from 4G devices? a. 4G card network abnormality or not working properly. If your cell phone and the device are using the same carrier's 4G card,
                                                please check whether your cell phone's 4G network is good near the
                                                device. b. SIM card is too old or the card slot is abnormal. Pull out the SIM card and check if the SIM card is too old or the card
                                                slot is loose. Questions About WiFi Device Signal Q1: What is the reason for poor signal from WiFi device? a.Poor network connection of the current device. Please connect your cell phone to the WiFi that the current device is
                                                connected to, and check if the cell phone can access the internet
                                                normally and the network is good. b.The distance between the device and the router is too far. Adjust the position between the device and the router, the distance
                                                interval is within 5m, try to avoid blocking the wall or blocking the
                                                device. About PTZ camera Q1: What is the function of the frequently-watched
                                            position in the camera? Function 1: After setting the "frequently-watched Location", you can
                                                locate the location you care about anytime, anywhere, and quickly check
                                                the changes in your home. Function 2: Select "fixed-point cruise" in the device settings, and the
                                                camera will perform cruise monitoring according to the
                                                frequently-watching position you set. Q2: How to add frequently watched locations? Download the mobile client, add a PTZ camera, click the "PTZ
                                            button", select the frequently-watched position, and then add the
                                            frequently-watched position. Q3: How many frequently-watched positions can be set for
                                            the camera? You can set up to 256 frequently-watched positions, and you
                                            can edit the scene name for each frequently-watched position to facilitate
                                            subsequent viewing. Q4: How does the camera with a gimbal cruise? Panoramic cruise: turn an angle in 10 seconds, about 40 degrees, complete
                                                a lap in 9 times, it will automatically turn off after 4 hours of
                                                opening, and will not turn vertically, but only horizontally;Fixed-point
                                                cruise: according to the preset points set, each run once.Fixed-point
                                                cruise: according to the preset points set, each run once. Q5: How to correct it after physically shaking the camera? Open the camera device settings, and click "PTZ adjustment"
                                            to correct the camera lens position. Others Q1: When adding a LAN or ID, it prompts "The device is not
                                            online" or "The device is not registered"? 1. Make sure that the network where the device is located can access the
                                                Internet, and the router has enabled the DHCP function; 2. If you have manually changed the network parameters of the device, it
                                                is recommended to restore the device to the default parameters, press
                                                and hold the Reset button on the device for 10 seconds. Q2: When the device is online and an alarm event occurs,
                                            but the phone does not receive the message? 1. Only when the App is running backstage, and the App message
                                                notification is allowed, then the alarm push can be received; 2. Enable message notification: Go to phone settings > application
                                                management, find this APP and enable/allow notifications to receive
                                                alarm push notifications. Q3: After inserting the SD card, it prompts "SD card
                                            error". 1. Currently only supports memory cards with a capacity of less than
                                                128GB, and the FAT32 file system, if the file system is wrong, please
                                                format and select FAT32 format. 2. The SD card is damaged or the file system is wrong, you should
                                                consider replacing or reformatting the SD card. Q4: Why is the content of the video playing
                                            intermittently? In order to save the space of the SD card and prolong the
                                            service life, the device only records when it detects activity, so there
                                            will be intermittent siuation. Q5: Does the device support USB and power bank? It is recommended to use the power adapter that comes with
                                            the device. If you use an external power supply, the device may be damaged
                                            if the power supply is unstable. 版权所有：广州市可视智能技术有限公司 粤ICP备14079945号