Department for Work and Pensions - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide cookie message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Search Search GOV.UK Search Home Organisations Department for Work and Pensions Department for Work & Pensions English Cymraeg Find a job Your benefits Your State Pension Contact Jobcentre Plus Contact The Pension Service Featured 20 December 2025 — Press release Taxpayer cash protected as crackdown on rogue landlords expands Hundreds of thousands of people will benefit from an expansion of a trial to tackle poor housing and protect taxpayers’ cash from rogue landlords. 18 December 2025 — Press release Reforms to welfare system set to save £1.9 billion by the end of 2030/31 The backlog of people waiting to have their work capability assessed is to be significantly reduced through a package of measures that will reduce UK welfare spending by £1.9 billion by the end of 2030/31. 17 December 2025 — Press release Alan Milburn calls for a 'movement' to address lost generation of young people not earning or learning as investigation opens Former Heath Secretary Alan Milburn has today launched his groundbreaking investigation into the causes of record unemployment and inactivity among 16 to 24 year olds with a call for young people and a range of experts to come forward with their views. 10 December 2025 — Press release 50,000 more young people to benefit from apprenticeships as Government unveils new skills reforms to get Britain working The £725 million package of reforms to the apprenticeship system will help to tackle youth unemployment and drive economic growth, with thousands more young people expected to benefit over the next three years. 10 December 2025 — Press release Almost a million young people to benefit from expanded support, new training, and work experience opportunities Almost one million young people will benefit from learning or employment opportunities as a result of a major £820 million funding package. 3 December 2025 — Press release Fraudsters face tougher action as Government gains new powers to tackle benefit fraud Benefit cheats, fraudsters and debtors who can afford to repay but refuse will have money taken directly from their bank accounts or lose their driver’s licence under tough new laws approved today. Latest from the Department for Work and Pensions Get Britain Working: Labour Market Insights January 2026 (Official Statistics in Development) 30 December 2025 Drive to tackle workplace sickness with small business occupational health training 29 December 2025 Press release Young People and Work Report: Call for Evidence 23 December 2025 Open call for evidence See all latest documents Subscriptions Get emails What we do The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is responsible for welfare, pensions and child maintenance policy.  As the UK’s biggest public service department it administers the State Pension and a range of working age, disability and ill health benefits to around 20 million claimants and customers. DWP is a ministerial department, supported by 16 agencies and public bodies . Read more about what we do Follow us The following links open in a new tab Follow on Instagram (opens in new tab) Follow on Twitter (opens in new tab) Follow on YouTube (opens in new tab) Follow on Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on LinkedIn (opens in new tab) Documents Services Sign in to your Universal Credit account Universal Credit See all services Guidance and regulation Cost of Living Payments 12 September 2025 Guidance New Style Jobseeker's Allowance 26 November 2025 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications Drive to tackle workplace sickness with small business occupational health training 29 December 2025 Press release Taxpayer cash protected as crackdown on rogue landlords expands 20 December 2025 Press release See all news and communications Research and statistics List of upcoming releases of management information and ad hoc analyses 19 December 2025 Research and analysis Review of the Automatic Enrolment Earnings Trigger and Qualifying Earnings Band for 2026/27 18 December 2025 Research and analysis See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Young People and Work Report: Call for Evidence 23 December 2025 Open call for evidence Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Act DWP Codes of Practice: Verifying Eligibility in the Welfare System, Obtaining Information and Recovering Debt 19 December 2025 Open consultation See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases DWP non-consolidated performance-related pay April 2024 to March 2025 19 December 2025 Transparency data DWP non-consolidated performance-related pay April 2023 to March 2024 19 December 2025 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Our ministers The Rt Hon Pat McFadden MP Secretary of State for Work and Pensions The Rt Hon Sir Stephen Timms MP Minister of State (Minister for Social Security and Disability) The Rt Hon Dame Diana Johnson DBE MP Minister of State (Minister for Employment) The Rt Hon Baroness Smith of Malvern Minister of State (Minister for Skills) Baroness Sherlock OBE Minister of State (Minister for Lords) Andrew Western MP Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Minister for Transformation) Torsten Bell MP Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State (Minister for Pensions) Our management Sir Peter Schofield KCB Permanent Secretary Neil Couling CB CBE Director General, DWP Services and Fraud Helen Wylie Chief Digital and Information Officer Debbie Alder Director General, Corporate Transformation Catherine Vaughan CB Director General, Finance Julie Blomley Director General, People and Capability Ashley Machin Lead non-executive director Valerie Hughes D’Aeth Non-executive board member David Bennett Non-executive board member Reverend Professor Gina Radford Non-executive board member Charlie Steel Non-executive board member Taalib Shaah Non-executive board member Arabel Bailey Non-executive board member Sophie Dean Director General for Welfare and Pensions Katherine Green Director General for Labour Market and Skills Barbara Bennett Chief Executive and Director General, Jobs and Careers Service Operations Contact DWP Jobcentre Plus Contact your nearest office United Kingdom Contact: Jobcentre Plus The Pension Service Contact your pension centre United Kingdom Contact: The Pension Service Disability Service Centre Get advice or information about a claim you’ve already made for Disability Living Allowance, Attendance Allowance or Personal Independence Payment. United Kingdom Contact: Disability Service Centre Media enquiries For journalists United Kingdom Contact: Media enquiries Policy enquiries Send a question to the DWP ministerial correspondence team. United Kingdom Contact: Policy enquiries Address legal documents to the Government Legal Department. Contact your benefit office for enquiries about your benefit claim. Make a Freedom of Information (FOI) request Read about the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act and how to make a request . Check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question. Make a new request by contacting us using the details below. Freedom of Information requests Make a Freedom of Information (FOI) request. United Kingdom FOI contact form Corporate information Our organisation chart Accessible documents policy Complaints procedure Equality and diversity Media enquiries Modern slavery statement Our energy use Our governance Research at DWP Statistics at DWP Jobs and contracts Procurement at DWP Working for DWP Read about the types of information we routinely publish in our Publication scheme . Find out about our commitment to publishing in Welsh . Our Personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. Read our policy on Social media use . Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab and requires JavaScript ) . Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright