Domain Name System (DNS) | Oracle Accessibility Policy Skip to content About Services Solutions Pricing Partners Resources Close Search Search Oracle.com QUICK LINKS Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications Oracle Database Download Java Careers at Oracle Search Country Menu Menu Contact Sales Sign in to Oracle Cloud Overview Networking Services Acceleron Virtual Cloud Network FastConnect Interconnect for Azure Interconnect for Google Cloud Network Firewall DNS Flexible Load Balancer Flexible Network Load Balancer Service Gateway Private Endpoint Dynamic Routing Gateway Site-to-Site VPN Web Application Accelerator IP Address Insights Documentation Pricing Cloud Networking Domain Name System (DNS) Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) DNS is a cloud native DNS service that serves both internet-facing and internal requests. It can globally load balance and steer requests based on multiple characteristics. Try Oracle Cloud * Overview Pricing Benefits of OCI DNS Looking for Dynamic DNS (DynDNS)? Dynamic DNS is the solution for ever-changing, hard-to-remember IP addresses. Create your easy-to-remember hostnames and stay connected to your IP-compatible devices. Learn more/Buy hostnames 1. Highly available internet-facing DNS Use OCI DNS for primary or secondary internet-facing DNS. 2. Secure, internal DNS for OCI workloads Use OCI DNS for internal workloads, keeping information secure from the internet. 3. Requests directed based on load, location, and source Distribute and direct requests across multiple regions based on the destination, the health of the destination, and the location of the source. Use cases for OCI DNS View more DNS scenarios This image shows four common use cases for OCI Domain Name System, commonly abbreviated as DNS. These use cases are: Public DNS Private DNS Traffic load balancing Traffic steering Public DNS In this first use cases, an OCI region contains a virtual cloud network that is serviced by the DNS service. The internet is logically and bidirectionally connected to the DNS service. Requests from the internet can access the DNS service and the DNS service responds to requests from the internet. Private DNS In the second use case, an OCI region contains a virtual cloud network that is serviced by the DNS service. A dynamic routing gateway is attached to the virtual cloud network. The dynamic routing gateway is logically and bidirectionally connected to an on-premises environment. Requests from the on-premises environment can access the DNS service and the DNS service responds to requests from the on-premises environment. Traffic load balancing In the third use case, a computer application is logically connected to two different virtual machines, which represent endpoints that the application can connect to. Traffic load balancing is a capability of the DNS service that directs applications to different endpoints based on equal or custom weights. Traffic steering In the fourth use case, two users are located in different geographies. The first user is connected to an OCI region. The second user is connected to different OCI region. Through DNS, users in different geographies can be directed through DNS to different OCI regions based on the user’s location, the nature of the DNS request, or the source network address. Product tour Set up your global DNS View all your DNS features View all of the features for configuring and managing your global DNS from the DNS management page in the OCI console. View all your DNS zones View all of the DNS zones you’re managing, including primary and secondary zone types. Create a DNS zone Select from either a primary (authoritative) or secondary DNS zone type. Optionally import DNS records. Create an HTTP redirect Optionally create an automatic redirect for HTTP or HTTPS requests, including a path name. Other OCI DNS capabilities Public DNS Private DNS DNS metrics Load balancer steering Failover steering Geolocation steering ASN steering IP prefix steering DNS record types HTTP/S redirect Private view View more capabilities Reference architectures and solution playbooks See all reference architectures Use private DNS in interconnected VCNs and On-premises Use your own private domain names in OCI. With the private DNS service, you also get DNS resolution between VCNs and between VCNs and on-premises networks. Learn more about setting up private DNS Deploy a Kubernetes cluster with automatic DNS management for multiple environments Set up a single Kubernetes cluster deployment with OCI DNS zones and Kubernetes ExternalDNS to configure a DNS solution for multiple environments. Learn more about setting up DNS with Kubernetes OCI DNS service: More than public names OCI offers several different ways to work with DNS to access your resources the way you want, whether you require public or private name resolution. Learn more about interconnecting OCI DNS Resources Documentation Support and services DynDNS portal Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Architecture Center Learn more about the Architecture Center Overview of Virtual Cloud Network Welcome to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Platform Overview (PDF) Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Essentials (PDF) How can we help you? Contact global resources My Oracle Support Login Virtual Cloud Network FAQ Resiliency FAQ Oracle Cloud Infrastructure training Best practices framework for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Oracle Cloud Infrastructure certifications Looking for Dynamic DNS (DynDNS)? DynDNS portal Service Level Agreement Service Health Dashboard Customer Forums Get started with OCI DNS Oracle Cloud Free Tier Build, test, and deploy applications on Oracle Cloud—for free. Sign up once, get access to two free offers. Try Oracle Cloud for free Contact sales Interested in learning more about Oracle Cloud Infrastructure? Let one of our experts help. Get in touch * OCI DNS requires a paid OCI account, either as a pay-as-you-go or Universal Credits contract. Resources for Careers Developers Investors Partners Startups Students and Educators Why Oracle Analyst Reports Cloud Economics with Microsoft Azure vs. AWS vs. Google Cloud vs. MongoDB Learn What is AI? What is Cloud Computing? What is Cloud Storage? What is HPC? What is IaaS? What is PaaS? What’s new Oracle Supports Ukraine Oracle Cloud Free Tier Cloud Architecture Center Cloud Lift Oracle Support Rewards Oracle Red Bull Racing Contact us US Sales: +1.800.633.0738 How can we help? Subscribe to emails Events News OCI Blog Country/Region © 2025 Oracle Privacy / Do Not Sell My Info Ad Choices Careers Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube