Dynatrace | Observability built for the age of AI Perform 2026 | Learn from the innovators shaping observability in the age of AI. Register now Observability built for the age of AI Turn data into decisions and autonomous actions that drive your business forward with the AI-powered observability leader. Try it free Request demo Trusted by global leaders to drive growth and innovation See customer stories Analyze, automate, and innovate with the power of AI Prevent problems, automate workflows, and deliver better, more secure software faster. Explore the platform AI Observability Best-in-class observability for your Generative AI applications, LLMs, and agents. Learn more Application Observability APM, distributed tracing, and profiling for cloud-native and enterprise stacks. Learn more Application Security Discover, prioritize, and shield from known and unknown vulnerabilities in real-time. Learn more Business Observability Make better business decisions in real-time with customizable analytics. Learn more Digital Experience Deliver flawless digital experiences with real-user and synthetic monitoring and session replays. Learn more Infrastructure Observability End-to-end infrastructure observability for modern multi-cloud environments. Learn more Log Analytics Drive intelligent and intuitive analytics from log data, from troubleshooting to business processes. Learn more Software Delivery Drive intelligent cloud ecosystem automations with observability and security insights. Learn more Threat Observability Advanced threat protection, automated response, and forensics for unmatched protection. Learn more The unified platform for all data, all teams, and all possibilities See what Dynatrace empowers everyone in your enterprise to do. Understand all your data in context Unify and contextually analyze your data in the the industry’s most powerful data lakehouse. Learn about Grail™ Turn AI-powered answers into actions in real time Predict and prevent disruptions and optimize experiences autonomously with groundbreaking AI. Meet Davis® AI Automate mundane and manual tasks Turn precise answers into intelligent, extensible automations that free up time for innovation. Explore Automation Engine Reduce costs with clear, simple pricing Drive innovation, speed, and agility with a flexible, scalable subscription made for the modern cloud. See Dynatrace pricing Understand data in context Get answers in real time Automate manual tasks Pay only for what you use INTEGRATE SEAMLESSLY WITH THE CLOUDS AND TECHNOLOGIES YOU RELY ON See all supported technologies Confidence Where It Counts: Turn better data into trustworthy AI outcomes See how Dynatrace helps organizations build, operate, and scale AI with real-time, contextual observability—driving automation, efficiency, and trust across the enterprise. Watch now The world’s top organizations deliver impact where it counts Meet the customers driving better business outcomes with Dynatrace. View all stories “ The AI and prediction capabilities from Dynatrace were a differentiator. “ — Jos Kerssens , Air France-KLM Watch video Learn more “We see Dynatrace business events and OpenPipeline as a key enabler for our innovation and future growth.“ — Ryan Gow , ADT Watch video Learn more “ Dynatrace is really useful – customers are amazed we've got that level of oversight over the journey , so it's another opportunity where we can surprise and delight.“ — Matt Barnes , Next Watch video Learn more “Dynatrace’s Davis AI engine provides us with insights for early detection of potential system issues without false alarms, reducing the time required to identify root causes from hours to minutes.“ — Chung Wing Mok , WeLab Bank Learn more Our latest research and insights REPORT The State of Observability Report 2025 See how leading enterprises are using real-time, contextual data to fuel trustworthy AI and drive transformation. Download report Report Dynatrace named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Digital Experience Monitoring We’re honored that Gartner has named us a Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Monitoring for the second year in a row, and positioned us furthest in Vision. Download report Report The Forrester Wave™️: Artificial Intelligence for IT Operations (AIOps) report See why we earned top scores in the Current Offering and Strategy categories. Download report Get started with Dynatrace Start your 15-day free trial or get hands-on with the platform in our sandbox environment. Try it free Request a demo not set not set