E-International Relations — the world's leading open access website for students and scholars of international politics Articles Books Features Students More About us Donate Advertise Article Award Join our team Submissions Podcast Weekly newsletter Republication and referencing RSS feed Submissions Articles Books Features Students About us Submissions Donate Advertise Join our team Republication and referencing Weekly newsletter Latest Contested Horizons in Post-Ba’ath Syria Dec 31 2025 • Articles Syrian politics today looks like a frontline of totalising projects competing to own the future in the name of the nation, the revolution, or the country. Yunus Abakay Ulster’s Political Hauntology and the Forces Research Unit Dec 30 2025 • Articles The emerging academic sub-discipline of political hauntology explores how the past, especially lost or failed futures, can haunt the present. Martin Duffy Featured Opinion – Israel’s Recognition of Somaliland Jamal Abdi • 
                Dec 30 2025 • Articles Israel’s move to spearhead the re-recognition of Somaliland is a watershed moment that marks a potential point of no return in Somaliland’s quest for de jure sovereignty. Rethinking the ‘Illiberal International’: Power, Fragmentation, and Institutions Eko Ernada • 
                Dec 27 2025 • Articles Institutional contestation is less a marker of illiberal capacity and more an indication of liberal ambivalence. The Far-Right and the Construction of the Red Enemy in Latin America Cairo Junqueira, Lívia Milani, Iara Lima and Pablo Guimarães • 
                Dec 27 2025 • Articles Discursive construction in the region centres on identifying left-leaning politics as the primary opponent, rather than the managerial global elites. Opinion – How Latin America Can Navigate the US-China Trade War Sergio Villarroel • 
                Dec 23 2025 • Articles While the longstanding effects of the Trump era trade war affect everyone, Latin American countries are vulnerable but not defenseless. Land, Climate, and Conflict: Unravelling the Nexus in Sudan, Syria, and Morocco Isabel MacKellar • 
                Dec 23 2025 • Essays Climate change acts as a threat multiplier, contributing to conflict only where weak land tenure governance amplifies drought-induced social and political stresses. Elections as Spectacle: Myanmar’s Manufactured Legitimacy Federica Cidale • 
                Dec 22 2025 • Articles The 2025 election is another chapter in a long-running performance designed to mask the persistence of military domination in Myanmar. The Desert of Dune to the University Classroom: Pop-culture and Political Theory Faiz Sheikh • 
                Dec 21 2025 • Articles Bringing together researchers and students to watch a pop culture artefact and discuss its implications for IR is a very accessible way to enter into expert conversations. Opinion – The Mearsheimer Logic Underlying Trump’s National Security Strategy Mark N. Katz • 
                Dec 19 2025 • Articles Trump’s 2025 National Security Strategy has adopted Mearsheimer’s aims for US to achieve predominance in the West and prevent great powers to dominate other regions. Opinion – Okinawa’s Struggle with Ongoing US Military Presence Peter Chai • 
                Dec 19 2025 • Articles National sentiment in Japan can diverge sharply over military instalments, and local resistance remains a source of uncertainty for Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi’s plans. Opinion – Evidence that Georgia Deployed WW1-Era Chemicals against Demonstrators Martin Duffy • 
                Dec 19 2025 • Articles Weapons experts consulted by the BBC suggested that an obsolete, more potent agent like camite was used, alongside CS-gas, in Tbilisi. Advertise With Us Articles See all The Revolutionary New Dynamics of the 2025 National Security Strategy of the United States The State of China’s Soft Power in 2025 The Hedley Bull – Ali Mazrui Dialogue as a Metaphor for IR Opinion – Alliance Shock Revisited: What 1968-69 Means for 2025 Students See all De Facto Diplomacy: Taiwan’s Quest for Ontological Security in Somaliland Does the ICC Work? Legal Innovation and Political Constraints in Global Justice Desh, Bidesh and Fractured Dreams: Bangladeshi Labor Migrants in the GCC Crisis of Secrecy: The Weaponisation of Ambiguity in Covert Action Features See all Interview – Ankit Panda Review — The Impetuous Rise of the Global South Review – Fiume o Morte! Interview – Jaehan Park Books See all Donate to E-IR Republication & Citations Get our Newsletter All content on the website (with the exception of images) is published under the following Creative Commons License Copyright ©  — E-International Relations. All Rights Reserved Please Consider Donating Before you download your free e-book, please consider donating to
			support open access publishing. E-IR is an independent non-profit publisher run by an all volunteer team.
			Your donations allow us to invest in new open access titles and pay our
			bandwidth bills to ensure we keep our existing titles free to view. Any
			amount, in any currency, is appreciated. Many thanks! Donations are voluntary and not required to download the e-book - your link to download is below. Download PDF