Home | E-Verify Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock )
              or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Enroll Login Español Menu Enroll Login Español Employers Employers Enrolling in E‑Verify The Enrollment Process Enrollment Checklist System Requirements Verification Process Tentative Nonconfirmations Photo Matching Driver’s License Verification Federal Contractors Who is Affected by the E-Verify Federal Contractor Rule Exemptions and Exceptions Verifying New & Existing Employees on Form I-9 Timeframes for Enrollment and Use For Contractors Already Enrolled For E-Verify Employer Agents of Federal Contractors Subcontractors, Independent Contractors, and Affiliates Using an E-Verify Employer Agent Web Services Account Compliance What is a Desk Review? Employer Resources Access E-Verify with Login.gov Q&As Employees Employees E-Verify Overview Tentative Nonconfirmation Overview How to Process a Tentative Nonconfirmation Tips to Prevent a Tentative Nonconfirmation Employee Email Notifications How to Correct Your Immigration Record Reporting Violations Employee Rights and Responsibilities Employee Resources Employee Self Services E-Verify Case Status myE-Verify Upload My Documents Self Check Self Lock Case History About E‑Verify About E‑Verify What is E‑Verify E-Verify and Form I-9 E-Verify+ E-Verify is Business Friendly History and Milestones E‑Verify Data Customer Satisfaction Surveys E-Verify Performance E-Verify Usage Statistics E‑Verify Enhancements E-Verify Employer Search What's New E-Verify Videos Trademark and Logo Usage Guidelines Key Links Key Links Website Policies Help Us Improve Accuracy and Translation Disclaimer Plug-ins Accessibility Contact Us Join our List Interagency Websites Questions and Answers Federal Contractors Q&As myE-Verify Q&As Our Commitment to Privacy E-Verify Privacy Statement myE-Verify Privacy Statement Glossary branding: 'Branding'
            navigation_second: 'Navigation Second'
                                                    footer_first: 'Footer First'
    footer: 'Primary Footer'
    footer_second: 'Footer Second' New Reporting Tool Available to E-Verify Users Login to your account to generate a Status Change report to identify cases affected by parole terminations and EAD revocations. Learn more Have You Created a Login.gov Account to Access Your E-Verify Account? Learn more NEW! E-Verify At-A-Glance On Demand Video Eight minutes is all it takes! Watch Now! Affected by Hurricanes Helene or Milton? Form I-9 and E-Verify Guidance for Those Affected by Emergencies and Unforeseen Circumstances Learn More What’s Inside E-Verify+ ? The plus brings innovation, protection, convenience, transparency, and efficiency that lets you click, confirm and carry on! Watch our Video Employee Rights and Responsibilities Know your rights and responsibilities under E-Verify E-Verify+ Streamline your employment eligibility verification process with our new service Upload my Documents Send us your documentation via myUploads and resolve your E-Verify case E-Verify Employers Find out who is currently enrolled in E-Verify What's New Secretary of Homeland Security Announces Termination of Designation of Ethiopia for Temporary Protected Status, Employment Authorization Documents Expire on Feb. 13, 2026 December 15, 2025 Secretary of Homeland Security Announces Termination of Designation of Haiti for Temporary Protected Status November 28, 2025 Secretary of Homeland Security Announces Termination of Designation of Burma for Temporary Protected Status, EADs Expire on January 26, 2026 November 25, 2025 Update: Supreme Court Order for TPS Venezuela November 14, 2025 Secretary of Homeland Security Announces Termination of Designation of South Sudan for Temporary Protected Status, EADs Expire on January 5, 2026 November 6, 2025 Interim Final Rule Published to End the Practice of Automatically Extending Certain Employment Authorization Documents October 30, 2025 View More News Upcoming Webinars JAN 06 Form I-9 Overview January 6, 2026 at 11:00 am Eastern Form I-9 Overview JAN 06 Introducing E-Verify+ January 6, 2026 at 1:00 pm Eastern Introducing E-Verify+ JAN 07 E-Verify Overview January 7, 2026 at 11:00 am Eastern E-Verify Overview View More Upcoming Webinars E-Verify Enhancements How we are making E-Verify better Visit I-9 Central Learn about the Form I-9 E-Verify Compliance E-Verify compliance activities Tentative Nonconfirmation (Mismatch) See what a Mismatch means to you and how to correct it E-Verify User Manual Guidance on processes, rules, and responsibilities for employers and employer agents. Back Was this page helpful? Yes No This page was not helpful because the content: Select a reason has too little information has too much information is confusing is out of date other How can the content be improved? 0 / 2000 To protect your privacy, please do not include any personal information in your feedback. Review our Privacy Policy . Return to top Employers Employees About E‑Verify Key Links E-Verify Contact Center Agency description E-Verify.gov An official website of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security About E-Verify Accessibility DHS Components Freedom of Information Act No FEAR Act Data Privacy Policy Office of the Inspector General The White House USA.gov Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov