Your Partner in B2B Travel Solutions | Expedia Group Skip to content Partner with us Partnership Industries Industries Hotels Vacation rentals Airlines Destinations Travel agencies Cruises Car rentals Financial institutions Activities Solutions Solutions Distribute your inventory Build your travel experience Expedia Travel Agent Affiliate Program White Label Template Rapid API Advertise with us Display advertising Sponsored listings Offsite advertising E Studio Explore our affiliate program Resources Resources Research & insights Blog Case studies Podcast Events English US English UK English AU Deutsch Français Italiano 日本語 Português (Brasil) Español English UK English AU Deutsch Français Italiano 日本語 Português (Brasil) Español Log in Log in Manage your business and operations by accessing our easy-to-use tools, dashboards, and portals. Browse all Inventory distribution Partner Central Vrbo Owner Dashboard Private Label Solutions Expedia TAAP Rapid API White Label Template Advertising TravelAds Sponsored Listings Affiliate program Expedia Group Affiliate Program Join us Join us Explore how you can join our thriving ecosystem, leverage our innovative tech solutions, and start achieving your goals today. Browse all List your inventory Hotels Vacation rentals Flights Cruises Cars Activities Build your travel experience Expedia Travel Agent Affiliate Program (TAAP) Rapid API White Label Template Advertise with us Full-funnel advertising solutions TravelAds Sponsored Listings Become an affiliate Expedia Group Affiliate Program Partner with us Log in Join us Browse all partner portals Inventory distribution Partner Central Vrbo Owner Dashboard Private Label Solutions Expedia TAAP Rapid API White Label Template Advertising TravelAds Sponsored Listings Affiliate program Expedia Group Affiliate Program Browse all ways to join List your inventory Hotels Vacation rentals Flights Cruises Cars Activities Build your travel experience Expedia Travel Agent Affiliate Program (TAAP) Rapid API White Label Template Advertise with us Full-funnel advertising solutions TravelAds Sponsored Listings Become an affiliate Expedia Group Affiliate Program Partnership Industries Industries Hotels Vacation rentals Airlines Destinations Travel agencies Cruises Car rentals Financial institutions Activities Solutions Solutions Distribute your inventory Build your travel experience Browse all private label solutions Expedia Travel Agent Affiliate Program White Label Template Rapid API Advertise with us Browse all advertising solutions Display advertising Sponsored listings Offsite advertising E Studio Explore our affiliate program Resources Resources Research & insights Blog Case studies Podcast Events English US English UK English AU Deutsch Français Italiano 日本語 Português (Brasil) Español English UK English AU Deutsch Français Italiano 日本語 Português (Brasil) Español UNLOCK GROWTH AT SCALE The world’s leading travel tech platform, at your service. Get started Built for travelers. Trusted by brands. For over two decades, partners have trusted our travel tech solutions to create exceptional traveler experiences. In that time, we’ve become experts in helping our partners achieve their goals with the best of our tech and advertising expertise, all in service of the traveler. 10M+ average daily visitors across our sites and apps¹ 70+ petabytes of first-party data powering our platform² 1B+ average searches per month³ 200+ booking sites in more than 75 markets and 40 languages⁴ Success in travel starts here Our industry-leading B2B travel solutions and data-backed resources are designed to meet your needs and exceed your expectations. Reach a wealth of travelers We connect partners with travelers who stay longer, cancel less, and spend more. Access them through our suite of travel brands and our massive B2B distribution network composed of over 70K businesses around the globe.⁵ Learn about inventory distribution Leverage tech built for your business Power your brand with innovative technology that builds better experiences to deepen customer relationships by using our B2B Solutions. Learn more about B2B solutions Stand out with powerful advertising Tap into the unparalleled power of our travel media network and cut through the noise with high-impact placements, award-winning creative, and end-to-end campaign support that helps make your brand unmissable. Explore advertising solutions Earn revenue as an affiliate Start earning commission from day one with access to all our brands and easy-to-use tools through the Expedia Group Affiliate Program. Explore our affiliate program Explore solutions  by industry Our B2B travel management solutions can help any business — of any size — across a wide range of industries enter, succeed, and thrive in the universe of travel. Hotels Vacation rentals Airlines Destinations Travel agencies Cruises Car rentals Financial institutions Activities Partners around the globe speak to their results Learn how partners in a variety of industries leverage our technology and solutions to expand their reach and provide better experiences for travelers. Taking travel tech  further, together. Our partners and travelers inspire us to continually push boundaries and design travel management solutions that address opportunities, challenges, and pain points. Tap into our latest tools and get a sneak peek at what we’re working on to enhance the traveler experience while driving growth for your business. Expand your brand presence with EG Reach+ Our offsite advertising solution EG Reach+ lets brands connect with hundreds of millions of highly qualified travel shoppers wherever they are online, alongside the support of our team of experts. Learn more about EG Reach+ "Harnessing Expedia Group’s robust technology enables our partners to enhance the traveler’s journey and turbocharge their own growth. Together, our partnerships build a stronger path forward in the travel industry." Ariane Gorin CEO of Expedia Group Hear more from Ariane Explore a world of resources Access insights from our extensive first-party data, research, case studies, and expert interviews to understand travelers and make better decisions for your business. View all case studies 130% increase in bookings year over year Read the case study 42% increase in room nights booked across both resorts⁶ Read the case study 34% increase in loyalty member vacation package revenue over five months⁷ Read the case study ~40% week-on-week sales increase⁸ Read the case study Events Catch us live at upcoming events! Meet with Expedia Group at these upcoming events — we hope to see you there. View all events Blog The travel industry blog you've been waiting for Get ahead of the competition with data-driven industry insights, expert interviews, partner success stories, and more. Read the blog Resources Understand what travelers want Travelers’ preferences are constantly evolving. Access the latest traveler trends and industry insights to create data-backed strategies to achieve your goals with clarity and confidence. View research & insights Your success story starts here Partner with us today. Get started Trusted by top brands in travel and beyond Our partners include some of the most recognizable brands in the world. When you join Expedia Group, you’ll be in great company. ¹Expedia Group internal data, 2024, identified and anonymous visitors ²Expedia Group internal data, 2023 ³Expedia Group internal data, 2024, identified and anonymous visitors ⁴Expedia Group internal data, 2024, identified and anonymous visitors ⁵Expedia Group internal data, 2025 ⁶Expedia Group internal data, 2021 ⁷Expedia Group and Hawaiian Airlines data, 2021-2022 ⁸Expedia Group internal data Partnership Partnership Industries Industries overview Hotels Vacation rentals Airlines Destinations Travel agencies Cruises Car rentals Financial institutions Activities Solutions Solutions overview Distribute your inventory Build your travel experience Advertise with us Explore our affiliate program Resources Resources overview Research & insights Blog Case studies Podcast Events Support Visit ExpediaGroup.com Terms of use CONNECT WITH US Privacy policy Cookie policy Join us © 2025 Expedia, Inc., an Expedia Group company. All rights reserved. Expedia, Expedia Group, and the Expedia E Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Expedia, Inc. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.