Earlham College — Excellence. For Good. For Life. Skip to content Specialized Info Alumni Latest & Events Alumni Referral Scholarship Earlham Day Alumni events Homecoming Alumni awards Resources Get involved How to give Update your info Alumni email EC Connect theHeart Students & Faculty Current students theHeart Moodle login Email login Library Student account center Faculty and staff Directory theHeart Email login Host an event Start a marketing project Human Resources Utility Links Request Info Apply Make a Gift Academic Calendar News & Events Menu Search Why Earlham About About Earlham About overview Quick facts about Earlham Rankings Outcomes Accreditation Leadership and administration Careers Who we are Mission, principles and practices Quaker Ethos Equality and Community Campus and history Sustainability at Earlham Additional areas Public Safety Academics Our degree programs Undergraduate majors & minors Academic Catalog Earlham School of Religion Specialized programs Applied minors Collaborative research Pre-professional programs Beyond the classroom Your Epic journey Academic Affairs Academic Enrichment Center Disability and Accessibility Services Academic support Honors program Admissions & financial aid Admissions overview Visit Request Information How to apply Virtual tour Meet your counselor Financial Aid Tuition and costs Types of financial aid Applying for Aid Student life Student life overview Student handbook Residence life Student activities Student leadership Religious and spiritual life Health and wellness Dean of Students Athletics Specialized Info Alumni Latest & Events Alumni Referral Scholarship Earlham Day Alumni events Homecoming Alumni awards Resources Get involved How to give Update your info Alumni email EC Connect theHeart Students & Faculty Current students theHeart Moodle login Email login Library Student account center Faculty and staff Directory theHeart Email login Host an event Start a marketing project Human Resources Utility Links Request Info Apply Make a Gift Academic Calendar News & Events Search Slide 1 The application deadline for Early Action II is Dec. 15. Apply now A world-class education for a rapidly changing world — learn to adapt, to challenge and be challenged, to build confidence and humility, to innovate with courage, to lead thoughtfully and to create community. At Earlham, you’ll build the foundation for a good life. Connect with Admissions Apply now Visit campus Request info What makes your journey Epic? The Epic Journey is an intentional four-year framework that includes mind-stretching academics, unparalleled experiences around the globe (from internships or research opportunities to semester-long study-abroad programs), future-ready skills development and intensive career coaching. We provide the framework and opportunities for reflection (and, in many cases, the funding!). From there, you choose the hands-on experiences that best align with your vision for a successful future. The result? You’ll graduate with the experience to thrive — personally and professionally — in your life and career. More about your journey Next stop: anywhere Pick your path What fuels your fire? Engineering to make communities better? Socially responsible entrepreneurship? Making a difference in the lives of your patients as a doctor or health care professional? Whether you’re into sustainability, philosophy, music, history, biochemistry, politics, business or computer science, you’ll be surrounded by a community of students and faculty who are always ready to dive deeper into your favorite subjects. Settle in and explore our programs to see what feels right for you. See all degree programs Get Academic Support and Advice Our do-gooders are doing well. “Outcomes.” Chances are you’ve seen the word a few times on college sites like these. But what are they, really? Outcomes are a way for us to measure the success of our students in whatever medium, industry or field they find it. In true Earlhamite fashion, there are countless career paths and journeys our students take — even rocket science, like Sascha Deri ’93. Where might your journey lead? More outcomes After Earlham 6 months later… Graduation’s just the beginning. Within six months, 91% of seeking students land jobs in their field of interest, positions with full-time service programs like AmeriCorps or coveted spots in graduate schools like Brown, Princeton and University of Oxford (to name a few). Fellowships and Awards The Pulitzer Prize, the Rhodes Scholarship, the Guggenheim Fellowship, the Watson Fellowship and the Golden Globe Award are just a few of the accolades Earlham grads have earned on their missions to change the world—and their respective fields—for good. 35 Questions with Assistant Professor Jaime Coon Professor Jaime Coon is a national leader in biological field research and environmental sustainability. At Earlham, students call them Jaime. 

Students work side-by-side with Jaime on mind-expanding avian research and habitat restoration. Watch and learn the best piece of advice they’ve been given, what they like to nerd out about (#TrekkieForLife) and more. Share or comment on YouTube Get the latest happenings on our Socials @earlhamcollege A day in the life of a sophomore at Earlham College! #dayinthelife #collegelife #college #campuslife #dayinmylife ♬ Vlog – wouldliker View this post on Instagram A post shared by Earlham College (@earlhamcollege1847) Explore more at Earlham Apply You: I want all of this *gestures at entirety of website.* Us: Cool, click this button. Apply now Visit Explore our tour options and take a walk in an Earlhamite’s shoes. Plan Your visit Athletics Fight, fight, inner light! See all of the sports, schedules and upcoming events here. More athletics Alumni Why wait for a 10-year reunion? Find out how you can stay connected with all things Earlham. For our Alums What’s Up On Campus Nick Johnson ’01 named director of Earlham College Athletics Earlham College has named Nick Johnson, Class of 2001, as its next director of athletics. Johnson, a longtime coach and current assistant athletics director for student success, will begin his role early in January. 5 questions with the president of Earlham Student Government Ever wonder who helps turn student ideas into action? Behind the scenes, the student government president guides the conversations, decisions, and community-building efforts that shape the campus experience. In this Q&A, Rayyan Afzal ‘27, a double major in business and economics, discusses what drives them, the goals and inspirations fueling their work, and the hopes… Earlham College Biology professor contributing to development of indigenous cultural center in Fiji Bridging science and tradition, Earlham College Professor of Biology Heather Lerner has been working in Fiji since December 2024, showing how research and museum interpretation can help a remote island community preserve its history and revitalize its culture. Earlham College joining local efforts to bring smarter recycling to region Earlham College faculty are partnering with the East Central Indiana Recycling and Reuse Hub to expand collection efforts across East Central Indiana. Experience a Simone Leigh ’90 sculpture up close Provided on loan by the Art Bridges Foundation through November 2026, Simone Leigh’s ’90 life-size sculpture was inspired by Las Meninas, a 1656 painting by Spanish artist Diego Velázquez Student-faculty research inspiring accessibility in art education Students working with ceramics professor Judy Wojcik are exploring sustainability through ceramics, experimenting with locally sourced clay and natural glaze materials in a hands-on art and research project. Upcoming on campus Jan 04 College Meeting for Worship Jan 11 College Meeting for Worship Jan 18 College Meeting for Worship Jan 25 College Meeting for Worship Feb 01 College Meeting for Worship Feb 08 College Meeting for Worship Feb 10 Blood Drive Feb 15 College Meeting for Worship Feb 15 Scholarship Day Feb 16 Admitted Student Day Feb 22 College Meeting for Worship Mar 01 College Meeting for Worship View all events → 801 National Road West Richmond, Indiana 47374-4095 765-983-1200 Faculty & Staff Directory Academic Calendar Academic Departments Administrative Offices Campus Store Earlham Libraries Consumer Information Careers Title IX Information Website Feedback Human Resources Public Safety Update Alumni Info Policies Campus map Translate Our Site Notice of Nondiscrimination Earlham College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or religion in the administration of its employment or education policies, admissions policies and practices, scholarship and loan programs, athletics, or other school-administered programs. Earlham prohibits discrimination on the basis of these protected categories, as required by Title IX, Title VI, Title VII, and other applicable state and federal laws. © 2025 Earlham College . All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy