Risk and Payment Solutions to Move Money | Early Warning Skip Navigation SUBMIT A DISPUTE YOUR FILE DISCLOSURE Menu Products About Careers Contact Newsroom Search earlywarning.com SUBMIT A DISPUTE YOUR FILE DISCLOSURE Home Page A network of connection here— when it counts. our products Zelle ® shatters records with $1 trillion sent in a single year In 2024 the Zelle network reached 151 million enrolled accounts and helped American consumers and small businesses send over $1 trillion—the most money ever sent by a person-to-person payments service in a single year. Read More Zelle ® is a fast, safe and easy way for consumers to send money to those they know and trust With just an email address or U.S. mobile phone number your personal customers, small business and corporate customers can send or receive money typically within minutes 1 even if they bank somewhere different than you do. About Zelle® Meet Paze SM Paze checkout solution enables consumers to make transactions on participating merchant websites. Paze checkout offers added security because actual card numbers are not shared with merchants. Consumers gain access to Paze checkout through their existing relationship with a bank or credit union. Today, more than 150 million credit and debit cards are eligible to use the Paze checkout solution. Paze.com Shape what's next in financial trust Building trust is at the heart of everything we do—from the products we build to the partnerships we forge. From fostering transparency and inclusion to championing innovation and accountability, these principles guide every decision we make. They're the foundation of our culture and the reason we show up with purpose every day. Learn More Previous Next WHAT WE DO We provide the intelligence. You bring it to life. From opening an account to paying a friend to checking out online, our intelligence is relied on by more than 2,500 financial institutions to help take friction out of finance and bring trust to transactions. Our network offers a range of capabilities: Payment & identity risk solutions With unmatched network intelligence, we create actionable insights to help financial institutions prevent fraud. learn more Zelle ® digital payment network A fast, easy way to send and receive money with people you know and trust. learn more Paze SM online checkout solution Combines a consumer’s eligible credit and debit cards into a single digital wallet. learn more Delivering better customer experiences together. $1T Moved using Zelle ® in 2024 $3B In potential annual fraud prevented* 2,500+ Number of financial, government and payment companies in the diverse network we serve *Source: Early Warning® analysis of 2024 National Shared Database SM inquiries. WHY US Because when everyone plays a part, money can move with confidence. Our goal is to build trust where it matters most—in the data that powers our network. Explore how we are helping create a safe, secure financial ecosystem. learn more Recommended for you October 03, 2025 Webinar Fraudsters love a big payout: Are you protecting your high value targets? August 07, 2025 Infographic Fraud prevention that pays off: ROI of smart account opening June 24, 2025 eBook Modernize Your Payments Fraud Mitigation Strategy PRODUCT HIGHLIGHT When money moves directly, you can be there when it counts. With Zelle®, the money goes directly into your bank account. That means when your friend needs help with groceries before payday, or you want to chip in for your mom's birthday surprise, your money gets there in the moments that matter. Zelle® is available in over 2,200 banking and credit union apps, so it's probably already in yours. Look for Zelle® in your banking or credit union app today. Early Warning Services, LLC, a financial services technology leader, has been empowering and protecting consumers, small businesses, and the U.S. financial system with cutting-edge fraud and payment solutions for more than three decades. We are also the company behind Zelle® , and Paze SM , a wallet that reimagines e-commerce payments. Early Warning partners with more than 2,500 banks and credit unions to increase access to financial services and products, and protect financial transactions. Products Newsroom Looking for File Disclosure Information? Early Warning supports consumers' rights to dispute and corrects inaccurate or incomplete information. Blog About Careers Contact Channel Partners Connect with Early Warning Connect with Zelle Connect with Paze ©2025 Early Warning Services, LLC. All Rights Reserved Your Privacy Rights Supplier Registration Legal Subpoena Process Intellectual Property Security