For Developers - Increase your applications CPM by $300!

Learn more →
Dismiss
Home
Download
Business
Contact Us
EN
Dashboard
Earn money online,
passively.

With EarnFM, your internet connection becomes a valuable asset for you to generate passive income. You have the opportunity to effortlessly make money by sharing your internet with us. Sign Up and start making money online.

Download now for macOS
Click here to view all downloads
How to earn money online with EarnFM

Start earning passive income with the simple steps of downloading and installing the EarnFM app on your device. EarnFm will sell your unused internet bandwidth and share the profit with you.

Install

Begin by downloading and installing the EarnFM app on your device. The intuitive interface makes it easy to set up, allowing you to start earning in no time.

Earn

Keep the EarnFM app running in the background while you're connected to the internet. Effortlessly generate passive income as your data supports various digital services.

Cash Out

Redeem your earnings whenever you choose. Use your passive income for streaming subscriptions, exclusive content, online shopping, or anything you desire.

How is your network traffic utilized at EarnFM?

At EarnFM, we prioritize privacy and data security while providing a seamless passive income experience. Your network traffic supports digital services such as SEO, business intelligence, ad verification, app testing, content delivery, and price comparison. By sharing your internet connection, you help businesses and researchers access the web without restrictions or censorship.

Partnering with universities, research institutions, and industries, EarnFM ensures your network traffic is responsibly used to drive innovation and global progress. Start earning today by installing the EarnFM app, connecting to your network, and letting it run in the background.

We take your security seriously

EarnFM only makes use of your network traffic. We do not access your personal data, files, or browsing history. We also do not sell your data to third parties. Your privacy is our priority.

To deter any potential abuse, we have robust security measures at hand. We conduct continuous, round-the-clock monitoring of our network both automatically and manually to ensure the complete absence of malicious traffic within the EarnFM Network.

We carefully select our partners and deliver traffic only to companies and institutions that have been thoroughly verified, have undergone rigorous KYC procedures, and maintain robust traffic control systems.

Estimate your earnings
The amount of money you earn* is directly linked to the volume of traffic you share with EarnFM's network. Sharing more traffic leads to higher earnings.
$30
/ month
Daily Traffic Shared (5GB)
2GB
5GB
10GB
15GB
20GB
Networks (2)
1
4
8
12
15

*The interactive earnings estimation tool is for informational purposes only and cannot guarantee any specific monthly earnings. The actual amount earned varies depending on the traffic shared with EarnFM. Also, the traffic demand varies depending on the user's country and networks.

Frequently Asked Questions
How does sharing my internet bandwidth help me generate passive income?
Is my internet connection secure and private while sharing it with the platform?
How do I receive my earnings from sharing my internet?
How much money can I expect to earn by sharing my internet?
Can I control the amount of bandwidth I share and the hours during which I share it?
Are there additional ways to earn?
What devices are compatible with the platform for sharing my internet?
What is the minimum payout sum?
Share your bandwidth and
earn money with EarnFM

Get rewarded for sharing your mobile internet bandwidth. Join the EarnFM community and start earning today!

Download now for macOS

Weissbadstrasse 8B
9050 Appenzell
Switzerland
Discord
X
TikTok
Instagram
YouTube
General
Home
Download
Referral System
Business
Access Network
For Developers
Bulk IP Sharing
Contact
Help & Legal
Help Center
Status
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
earn.fm © 2025
All rights reserved