Earth Day: The Official Site | EARTHDAY.ORG Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to Content Join Us An unexpected error occurred. Please try again. First Name * Last Name * Email address * Mobile number Country * Select your country Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo The Democratic Republic of The Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Democratic People's Republic of Korea Republic of Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinia Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe I want to receive email updates from EARTHDAY.ORG. I want to receive text updates from EARTHDAY.ORG. Join The Movement Thank you for signing up Join Us Search: Search Contrast Earth Day 2026 Earth Hub Earth Hub Quizzes Toolkits Fact Sheets Petitions Reports Become a Partner Volunteer Campaigns Our Power, Our Planet Canopy Tree Project Climate Education Campus Coalition Climate Education Coalition End Plastics Faith & The Environment Fashion For The Earth The Great Global Cleanup® My Future My Voice Regenerative Agriculture Vote Earth/Register Stories & Events News & Stories Earth Day Diaries Earth Day Explainers Watch Earth Day Live 22 Minutes With… Press Releases In The News Earth Day Poster - 2025 Find an Event near you About Us About Us History Victories Board Staff Careers Store Supporters Individual Giving Business and Corporate Supporters GIVE General Donation Donate to Canopy Search: Search Join Us EARTHDAY.ORG’s founders created and organized the very first Earth Day on April 22, 1970. Since then, Earth Day Network has been mobilizing over 1 billion people annually on Earth Day, and every other day, to protect the planet. OUR CAMPAIGNS DONATE TODAY The Power Of Collective Action Our environmental legacy is a testament to the power of collective action, and it calls upon individuals, businesses, governments, and the private sector to join hands in safeguarding our planet. Now, more than ever, we must step up our efforts to combat climate change, protect biodiversity, and preserve our ecosystems. Join us and the Earth Day Network of supporters as we fight for a sustainable and thriving future My First Earth Day Inspire a lifetime of action. From the first Earth Day in 1970 to today, we’ve brought millions into the environmental movement. Help us expand the movement and empower new advocates to protect our planet, today and every day. Read More Climate Education Goes Global Tracking mandatory climate education worldwide We recognize the vital role of education in preparing communities to address the climate crisis. The European Union has taken a historic step by embedding climate education into school curricula from kindergarten through grade 12 as part of its 2025 Nationally Determined Contribution (NDC) under the Paris Agreement. LATEST NEWS TRACK NDC’S Infographic Roadmaps to Transition Cities, States, and Countries to 100% Wind-Water-Solar (WWS) for all Energy Purposes A vision for a future that creates jobs, reduces costs, improves costs, improves grid reliability, minimizes emissions, saves lives and enables a sustainable future using WWS energy. Read More News and Stories 7 Things to Do Other than Shop this Holiday Season Rethink Christmas with eco-friendly actions. Terran Fielder December 24, 2025 4 Ways to Reduce Plastics This Holiday Season How to reduce plastic waste during the holidays and sustainable disposal practices. Aminah Taariq-Sidibe December 22, 2025 Saving the World, One Movie Night at a Time Storytelling is a powerful medium for change. Jocelyn Richards December 18, 2025 Load More MORE STORIES EARTH DAY NEEDS YOU! Please make a donation to Earth Day to fund our advocacy and educational work across the world, so we can keep fighting for the health of planet Earth and the creatures that call it home. THANK YOU. DONATE TODAY Featured Work Canopy Tree Project Join us in making a lasting impact with The Canopy Project! Since 2010, we’ve planted millions of trees globally, restoring forests in areas hit hardest by environmental challenges. By donating as little as 1$, you can help reforest communities, fight climate change, and protect biodiversity. Click to learn more and contribute to a greener future! DONATE TODAY LEARN MORE Climate Education vs. The Climate Crisis Climate and environmental literacy, coupled with strong civic education, will create jobs, build a green consumer market and allow citizens to engage with their governments in a meaningful way to address the climate crisis. CLIMATE EDUCATION CURRICULUM PACKAGES The Great Global Cleanup Get involved and help us create a waste-free world. FIND A CLEANUP NEAR YOU REGISTER YOUR UPCOMING CLEANUP Fashion For The Earth Fast fashion has completely revolutionized the apparel industry, but not for the better. FIND OUT MORE Get Inspired! Test your knowledge on environmental issues and sustainable solutions by taking one of our informative Earth Day quizzes, and don’t forget to explore our comprehensive toolkits and fact sheets for further resources and insights on the best ways to proactively protect our shared home. Quizzes Try now Toolkits Read More Fact Sheets Read More We Look Good On You Celebrate Earth Day's legacy with nostalgic 70s and 90s designs reimagined for today. Every purchase fuels environmental advocacy and supports a sustainable future. SHOP NOW EARTHDAY.ORG in the NEWS NBC | Increasing Plastic Production Worries Environmental Activists EARTHDAY.ORG Associate Director Aidan Charron grew up near the ocean and developed a respect for nature. Now, he’s with the organization earthday.org, calling for a reduction in plastic production. "Our plastic production is only increasing. It’s expected to triple in the next 20 or so years," Charron said. "And if we keep going at the rates we’re going, we’re going to have more plastic in the ocean than there are fish in the ocean by 2050. Every fish they’re pulling out of the ocean right now has some kind of plastic in it," he added. Read More My Green Pod Magazine | Cop Out or Step Up by Sarah T. Davies EARTHDAY.ORG's own Great Global Cleanup Campaign invites everyone to volunteer to clean up their own community, and its long-running Canopy Tree Project is a pragmatic, community-led solution to a real problem: planting trees to address deforestation. Since 2010, the project has seen hundreds of millions of trees planted in Bangladesh, India, Madagascar, Mexico, South Africa, and Uganda, targeting the regions most impacted by climate change and deforestation. Read More The Gleaner | Terran Fielder | Art and Renewable Energy Are A Power Couple EARTHDAY.ORG tapped environmental artist Alexis Rockman to create something unforgettable. With the theme ‘Our Power, Our Planet’ focusing on the global adoption of renewable energy, Rockman generated a powerful image of a solar panel rising above a joyful, diverse crowd, surrounded by a thriving forest. It perfectly captures the year’s theme and the urgent hope that renewable energy can bring us together, with people power. Read More The Gleaner | Evlin Walsh | The Costs of Cutting Down Trees EARTHDAY.ORG’s The Canopy Tree Project, help to reforest areas in dire need of rehabilitation, including areas with some of the world’s most at-risk communities from climate change, such as Morocco, Madagascar, and Bangladesh to name just a few. Read More The Independent | The Easy Household Trick That Could Reduce Your Energy Bill By 10% EARTHDAY.ORG Associate Director Aidan Charron said that phantom energy contributes to climate change. While the amount may seem small when a person looks at their individual utility bill, the environmental toll of phantom energy is significant when multiplied over homes across the country. “Just take a little step of unplugging the things that you’re not using,” said Charron. “It will save you money and it’ll save emissions in the long run.” Read More CW | 從報導者到實踐者 TVBS GOOD用永續定義媒體新影響力 2024年TVBS科普人文節目《T觀點》成為全台首個完成碳足跡盤查，且宣告碳中和的單集電視節目，寫下台灣媒體產業的里程碑，對於關鍵的幕後推手劉文硯來說，這不只是技術或形象工程，而是一場從內部營運開始的改變。「我們希望讓永續落地到每天的工作裡，像是採用綠電攝影棚、引進油電混合車隊、推動無紙化會議與節能製播流程，這些作為不僅減少碳足跡，也讓員工更有參與感，感受到永續不是外加的任務，而是我們的DNA。」 Read More Hindustan Metro | The Unstoppable Young EcoHero and Climate Warrior Manya Harsha: A Call to Action for Children’s Day 2025 EARTHDAY.ORG Rising Star Award Winner Manya Harsha redefined the festival of lights with her inspiring campaign — “Along with a Flower Pot, Plant a Flower Pot.” The concept was beautifully simple yet deeply impactful: for every flower pot that lights up the night sky, plant a real flower pot that lights up the Earth. Read More The Daily Beat | The Unstoppable Force: Manya Harsha, The 15-Year-Old Global Climate Leader Driving Action Towards Children's Day 2025 EARTHDAY.ORG Rising Star Award Winner Manya Harsha understands that sustained environmental effort requires educated minds. She utilizes media and literature as powerful instruments of change. Her philosophy is empowering: "The Earth is not for sale." She implores the youth to drop the expectation of a savior, asserting, "Don't wait for a Super Hero to lead the march of Climate Activism, Instead be one." She emphasizes the importance of integrating sustainable habits into daily life. Read More Punjab Bytes | The Unstoppable Young EcoHero and Climate Warrior Manya Harsha: A Call to Action for Children’s Day 2025 EARTHDAY.ORG Rising Star Award Winner Manya Harsha is proving that age is no barrier to profound environmental impact. Her message is direct and unequivocal: “Our message is clear: THE EARTH IS NOT FOR SALE, and future generations won’t trade their planet for short term gains.” Read More InstaStory | The Unstoppable Young EcoHero and Climate Warrior Manya Harsha: A Call to Action for Children’s Day 2025 EARTHDAY.ORG Rising Star Award Winner Manya Harsha is proving that age is no barrier to profound environmental impact. Her message is direct and unequivocal: “Our message is clear: THE EARTH IS NOT FOR SALE, and future generations won’t trade their planet for short term gains.” Read More NBC CT | Increasing plastic production worries environmental activists "Our plastic production is only increasing. It’s expected to triple in the next 20 or so years," Aidan Charron of EARTHDAY.ORG says. "And if we keep going at the rates we’re going, we’re going to have more plastic in the ocean than there are fish in the ocean by 2050. Every fish they’re pulling out of the ocean right now has some kind of plastic in it," he added. Read More MSN | “Tiny tanks” at defunct amusement park threatening to euthanize 30 whales Kathleen Rogers, president of EARTHDAY.ORG, said: “Suddenly we are fighting now on so many fronts, as country after country rightly bans the abuse of marine mammals. But where do they go once these parks close? The crassness of this demand for money by the whale’s owners, after profiting off them for years, or they will execute this sentient family of belugas, reaches a new low for humanity. All of the animal rights laws of Canada, civil and criminal, should be on the table.” Read More MIAMI HERALD | Public enemy No. 1 - Why we should ban single-use plastics Plastics are woven into every aspect of our lives, but what was once the poster child for convenience is fast becoming a pariah product. The era of single-use plastic must end; banning it is the only practical way forward. Read More VATICAN NEWS | EARTHDAY.ORG welcomes Vatican’s landmark climate education commitment “This isn't just a policy update; it's the institutionalisation of a shared vision,” said Kathleen Rogers, President of EARTHDAY.ORG. “Every step, from COP25 to the Borgo Laudato Si', has been fueled by the passion of the millions of young people we partner with. They turned a simple request for climate education into an undeniable global mandate. This is their victory.” Read More HR FUTURE | Is Remote Work Actually Better For The Environment? Experts Break Down The Carbon Footprint Of Work Models Tom Cosgrove, Chief Creative and Content Officer at EARTHDAY.ORG, the organization behind Earth Day, shared this sentiment with Allwork.Space, “The single most important action any business can take in fighting climate change and supporting the planet is to reduce its energy consumption. Keeping employees off the roads and out of trains is a major win for the environment, making hybrid and remote work powerful tools for lowering transportation-related energy use. It also reduces reliance on energy-guzzling office cooling and heating systems.” Read More NEWSWEEK | Plastic Dog Toys May Be Harming Pets—and Their Owners Aidan Charron, the associate director at Global EarthDay.org, said, "Plastic chemicals can leach into our pets’ gums, stomachs and skin from their toys. This exposure is associated with a whole host of health issues for our pets. From cancers to embryo development to potential infertility, liver failure, lower sperm count miscarriage and more." Read More INSIDE CLIMATE NEWS | Children Plead With U.S. Lawmakers to Protect EPA’s Endangerment Finding If the public fails to shift the EPA’s course, litigation will become inevitable, according to Kathleen Rogers, president of environmental advocacy group EarthDay.org. “If the endangerment finding is overturned, all the environmental groups will come together in bringing a case against the EPA,” Rogers, a former judicial clerk, told ICN. Read More one5c | 4 things I wish people knew about attending a climate march EarthDay.Org president Kathleen Rogers shares advice for civic engagement Read More MY GREEN POD | Organic September Issue EarthDay.org's Terran Fielder writers about current campaigns, environmental T-shirts, planting trees, anti-plastics, community action and renewable energy. Read More ARCHITECTURAL DIGEST | Laminate vs. Vinyl Flooring Aidan Charron, associate director of Global Earth Day,, noted, "The chemicals used in vinyl production, are especially toxic to humans and persist in the environment pretty much forever. There should be human health warnings on this type of flooring.” Read More WIRED | Thanks to Microplastics and Particulate Matter, You Need to Vacuum More Than You Think Aidan Charron, an associate director at EarthDay.org, recommends vacuuming daily, along with avoiding polyester rugs and carpets in your home. Polyester is a plastic-based textile, so having that fabric in your living spaces could introduce more microplastics into your home and dust. Read More REALLY SIMPLE | The Surprising Reason Some Shoppers Are Saying No to Grocery Receipts “It’s basically normal wood-based paper coated with a heat-activated chemical mixture—typically Bisphenol-A (BPA) or its substitute, Bisphenol-S (BPS),” explains Aidan Charron, associate director of global at EARTHDAY. BPS, like BPA, is highly toxic and can absorb quickly into the skin. Read More DALTON DAILY | Earthday.org joins scientists in condemning Trump administration’s climate report EARTHDAY.ORG (EDO), the world’s largest environmental movement, is standing firmly with more than 85 leading scientists who have condemned a new Trump administration report that attempts to downplay the dangers of climate change. Read More BLACKPRESSUSA | EARTHDAYNETWORK.org President Kathleen Rogers Speaks On Environmental Initiatives On Episode 16 of Season 6 of Let’s Talk, Washington Informer Content Editor, Jada Ingleton, speaks with Kathleen Rogers, EarthDay.Org President. Read More AP | This hidden electricity drain can have a massive impact Aidan Charron, associate director of Global Earth Day, said that while the amount may seem small when a person looks at their individual utility bill, the environmental toll of phantom energy is significant when multiplied over homes across the country. Read More FAMILY HANDYMAN | Why It May Be Time to Ditch Your Black Plastic Kitchen Utensils How bad could one or two utensils used for just minutes a day actually be? It's a risk that's probably not worth taking. Read More PINNACLE GAZETTE | Trump Rollbacks Shake Energy And Auto Sectors In 2025 Aggressive deregulation and tariffs spark investor anxiety, legal battles, and strategic shifts across the U.S. energy and automotive industries. Read More ROCKY MOUNT TELEGRAM | Trump's bid to nix greenhouse emissions rules puts U.S. at climate crossroads The Trump administration wants to strike down federal regulations related to greenhouse and carbon emissions from motor vehicles and engines. Read More MARTHA STEWART | 6 Reasons Experts Say You Should Never Drink From a Garden Hose Nowadays, more attention is paid to the water we drink—its origins and its pathways. As it turns out, that seemingly innocuous sip from the garden hose actually poses health risks, according to both medical and water experts. Read More FORTUNE | Gen Z spends hundreds a month on ‘treat culture' While these little luxuries offer comfort and are often justified as necessities, nearly 60% of Gen Z admit it leads to overspending. Treat culture isn’t unique to Gen Z, but this generation has mainstreamed it to a daily practice. Read More INDEPENDENT | The telltale signs a tourist is American, according to Europeans On a thrifting road-trip adventure, you can find sustainable treasures. The journey is about the thrill of the hunt and having fun with people you enjoy spending time with. Read More AARP | Hit the Road for a Thrift Trip On a thrifting road-trip adventure, you can find sustainable treasures. The journey is about the thrill of the hunt and having fun with people you enjoy spending time with. Read More Newsweek | Child-Free Woman Convinced She'd Use Cloth Diapers—Then Comes Viral Response Post about using cloth diapers inspires lively debate about sustainability and single-use products. Read More Newsweek | China's 'Project of the Century'—World's Biggest Hydropower Dam—Is Underway "This dam can almost power the state of Texas," Mat Merten, the owner and principal engineer of the functional safety consultancy group SIL Safe, told Newsweek. "It is a remarkable project and will bring decades of reliable power to the region." Merten added that the scale of the dam's energy production is "simply astounding." Read More Sustainability Magazine | Circularity, Regulations & EV Range: Top 5 Stories This Week At the UN’s INC-5.2 negotiations, governments, civil society and business unite in looking for a solution to plastic pollution. The chances of disease on a coral reef are enhanced by 22-fold by plastics, according to EarthDay.org. Read More The Epoch Times | Your Beauty Routine May Harm Your Lungs, Research Suggests Women who frequently use beauty and skin care products face a 19 percent higher risk of developing asthma later in life, according to a recent study that tracked nearly 40,000 American women for more than a decade. The research, published in Environment International, adds to growing concerns about hormone-disrupting chemicals commonly found in everyday personal care items—from lipstick and blush to cuticle cream and artificial nails. Read More Green Matters | Gen-Z Man Who Leads an Eco-Friendly Lifestyle Tested His Blood for Plastics — then The Results Came Upon much analysis, Charron, a Gen Z and an Associate Director at Global EarthDay.org, attributed the shocking results of his blood test to his reusable water bottles. Charron’s case demonstrates that behind the surface appearance of your everyday essentials, a whole new reality might be lurking in the form of these sinister plastic particles, eating up your health without being visible to your naked eye. Read More AZ Animals / AOL | Why the World Is Watching Two Orcas Suffer in Silence Wikie and Keijo are kept in tanks that are crumbling, filthy, and exposed to the elements. Their situation is past dire, and many are calling to action to save them before it’s too late–including Captain Kirk himself, William Shatner. With the future of these innocent orcas steeped in uncertainty, we spoke to those working to help them find freedom. Here’s what they had to say to the world that’s watching from the outside. Read More Newsweek | China's 'Project of the Century'—World's Biggest Hydropower Dam—Is Underway The dam is projected to begin operations sometime in the 2030s, and Beijing says it will meet growing electricity needs both in Tibet and across China. Chinese officials maintain the new Tibetan Plateau dam will prioritize ecological preservation and special emphasis "must be placed on ecological conservation to prevent environmental damage," Li said, according to Xinhua via Reuters. Read More Newsweek | Child-Free Woman Convinced She'd Use Cloth Diapers—Then Comes Viral Response A child-free woman’s post about planning to use cloth diapers for environmental reasons went viral after moms flooded the comments with real-life challenges. The responses sparked a broader conversation about the gap between parenting ideals and daily realities. Read More Home & Gardens | Fruit salads for butterflies is the sweetest trend I've spotted this summer The recycling symbol on that container doesn't necessarily mean it can go in your curbside bin. Here’s what those recycling numbers mean, plus more about what to do with plastics. Read More Bulgarian National Radio | Океанът - съюзник на Европа за по-силна икономика, за справяне с климатичните промени и със заплахи за сигурността "Често говорим, че тропическите дъждовни гори са нашите бели дробове. Ако това е така, то океаните са нашите вени и артерии. Не можем да живеем без тях", това заяви председателят на Европейската комисия Урсула фон дер Лайен на Международната конференция на ООН в Ница през юни, на която обяви Европейския пакт за океана. Целта на инициативата е да възстанови естествените хабитати, както и да стимулира конкурентоспособността в морската индустрия. Какво още предлага Европейската комисия и как то ще засегне България? Read More Family Handyman | How to Read Recycling Symbols — And Why Those Numbers Matter The recycling symbol on that container doesn't necessarily mean it can go in your curbside bin. Here’s what those recycling numbers mean, plus more about what to do with plastics. Read More New York Post | William Shatner begs French President Macron to save orcas stuck in abandoned marine park The 94-year-old Star Trek star has recorded a video message, addressing President Macron. He said: “Move them to a safe and healthy location. There is not much time left to save them, and while no solution is perfect the alternative could mean death. These beautiful animals may not survive much longer,” Read More Daily Star | William Shatner steps in to save two whales - just like the plot of Star Trek IV Star Trek legend William Shatner has sent a video message to French President Emmanuel Macron, imploring him to make sure that two orcas are moved from a deserted French marine park. The pair are held captive at Marineland Antibes, a French aquatic park near Cannes that closed its gates in January 2025. Read More Fox 28 | William Shatner urges French president to save orcas in abandoned marine park The 94-year-old Star Trek star has joined EARTHDAY.ORG, a non-profit organization that mobilizes people to protect the planet, and recorded a video message, addressing President Macron. He said: “We know you care, President Macron, about the plight of Wikie and Keijo, but we are asking you to act now. Read More MSN.COM | William Shatner steps in to save two whales - just like the plot of Star Trek IV William Shatner has issued a heartfelt plea to rescue two orcas trapped in a deserted marine park - just like Captain Kirk did in Star Trek IV. The pair are held captive at Marineland Antibes, a French aquatic park near Cannes that closed its gates in January 2025. Read More The Gleaner | Let your lawn go wild: The surprising benefits of a backyard meadow The rapid decline of insects, birds, and small mammals in North America is largely due to habitat loss – and conventional lawns are a significant part of the problem. Barren green lawns support very little wildlife because they lack food, shelter, and diversity. Backyard meadows, filled with native grasses and wildflowers, provides nectar for pollinators, seeds for birds, and cover for small animals. Read More American Songwriter | Ringo Starr Has Collaborated on “Octopus’s Garden”-Themed Merch Items in Support of Earth Day’s Environmental Initiatives Ringo Starr has long been a supporter of environmental causes, and he recently collaborated with the Earth Day Network on a merchandise collection celebrating his classic 1969 Beatles tune “Octopus’s Garden” that’s promoting the organization’s mission of keeping the oceans and our planet’s water sources clean. Read More My Green Pod | Momentum for Change Part of this year’s Earth Day theme – Our Power, Our Planet – involved a call for the tripling of electricity generated by renewable energy by 2030. It hit a nerve. We struck a deep chord by focusing on the benefits of clean, cheap, never -ending energy and connecting the opportunities for job creation. The goal was to paint a sustainable future that feels within reach – if we commit to making it happen. Read More Jamaica Gleaner | Op Ed A personal account of the challenges and lessons of climate change for island nations: "This wisdom feels more urgent than ever as climate change threatens the harmony my grandmother taught me to cherish. The Indonesia I know is changing, coastal villages are vanishing, extreme weather is increasing, farmers are experiencing a bitter impact on their crops," Read More Blue Dot Kids Press | Q&A with Emily from EarthDay.org Following the 55th anniversary of Earth Day (April 22), we caught up with Emily to talk about her background as a classroom teacher, what Earth Day means to her, and how teachers, librarians, and parents can take the energy around Earth Day and expand it into important summer projects and events Read More PC Home | 勞動市場的新氣候：氣候相關工作無所不在- 國際新聞 As we head into 2025, one thing is certain: climate change is reshaping the global workforce. This is because climate change is set to transform the 21st century global economy on a scale similar to the digital revolution, or even the industrial revolution. Read More Family Handyman | Does Painting Your House a Dark Color Make It Warmer? It can, since darker colors absorb more heat from the sun compared to lighter colors. But how much warmer your house will get depends on additional factors, such as the quality of your insulation, ventilation, home design and the materials your home and roof are made from. Read More The New Lede | Can Environmentalism Make Sense Again? At a time when climate-related headlines often read like obituaries for our planet, Earth Day 2025 offered something rare – a reason for hope. Read More Social Samosa | Goa Fest 2025: The business costs of a warming world In this session, Earthday.org leaders highlighted the urgent financial and ecological costs of climate change, urging the industry to embed sustainability into both purpose and practice. Read More JAMAICAN GLEANER | Who doesn’t love children? Protect their future! National Love Our Children Day in the United States, observed on the first Saturday in April, is a reminder to protect our youngest generation from the urgent threats they face. Read More ICIMOD | From The Director General | Our Power. Our Planet. Our Moment. “Our Power, Our Planet,” speaks straight to my heart. Earth's doesn’t rest only with world leaders. It lives in our everyday choices, collective courage, and local actions. Read More iHeart Radio Podcast | "Extra Chatter," Episode 5, 5/2/25 Ed and Caryn of iHeart talk with Kathleen Rogers, President of EarthDay.org. Read More ATIM Spring 2025: “Earth Power” ArtTour International Magazine's Spring 2025 issue focus:“Earth Power.” Enjoy an exciting new format of ArtTour International Magazine. Read More US News & World Report | 6 Ways to Make Sustainability A Part of Your Monthly Budgetfault Title Spending more up front for more sustainable items can save you money in the long run. Read More The Cool Down (TCD) | Scientists analyze alarming discovery Scientists analyze alarming discovery about invisible danger putting your baby's health at risk: 'Infants ingest 10 times more ... than adults." Babies are exposed to microplastics in ways you may not have imagined. Read More Good News Planet | Earth Day 2025 Poster EARTHDAY.ORG (EDO) is excited to announce the official Earth Day 2025 Poster, designed by renowned artist Alexis Rockman, to mark Earth Day’s 55th anniversary, just 55 days before Earth Day on April 22, 2025. Read More Newsweek | If Nations Won't Fight Global Warming, Cities Can and Will By Sadiq Khan and Denis Hayes, Mayor of London and First Earth Day Organizer respectively Read More USA Today | Earth Day Turns 55 Catching up with Denis Hayes, the man behind the movement Read More Republika reports on theme: Hari Bumi 2025 Gaungkan Energi Terbarukan Setiap tahun dunia memperingati Hari Bumi yang jatuh pada 22 April. Read More RBC-Ukraine | Earth Day 2025 marks record number of US companies going green On April 22, Earth Day 2025 not only raised environmental awareness but also showcased real climate progress made by major US companies. Read More MSN DE | Überraschende Fakten über Earth Day, den Tag der Erde Der Tag der Erde (eng: Earth Day), der jedes Jahr am 22. April gefeiert wird, ist ein weltweites Ereignis, das Bewusstsein für Umweltprobleme schaffen und Nachhaltigkeit fördern soll. Read More Sustainable Business Magazine | Earth Day 2025: Kathleen Rogers on Climate Action, Renewable Energy, and a Planet Powered by People As the world marks Earth Day 2025, the urgency to act on the climate crisis has never been more pressing. At a time when environmental challenges... Read More The Virginian Pilot | Column: No reason to shift back to plastic in ongoing ‘straw wars’ Why the humble straw “issue” has so incensed the present administration and triggered an executive order more or less banning paper straws from... Read More All Work Space | Is Remote Work Actually Better For The Environment? Experts Break Down The Carbon Footprint Of Work Models As Earth Day highlights the urgency for sustainable workplaces, experts compare the climate impact of remote, hybrid, office-based, and coworking models — and reveal which one has the greatest effect on emissions. Read More USA Today | Earth Day 2025: Why we celebrate the planet that keeps us grounded, how to get involved Earth rocks, and we get to celebrate just how wonderful our planet is on April 22. Read More NBC Chicago | Earth Day 2025: History, theme and why we celebrate it Millions of people around the world will pause on Tuesday, at least for a moment, to mark Earth Day. It's an annual event founded by people who hoped to stir... Read More Economic Times | Earth Day 2025: Is today Earth Day? Date, theme, history, activities, celebrations Earth Day 2025 marks the 55th celebration. Although it is not a federally recognized holiday in the United States, it is one of the most... Read More The Pinnacle Gazette | Earth Day 2025: A Call To Action For The Planet As Earth Day marks its 55th anniversary, individuals are urged to take actionable steps towards sustainability. Read More My Green Pod | Tom Cosgrove, chief creative & content officer at EARTHDAY.ORG, reflects on a 55-year legacy of environmental action Tom Cosgrove, chief creative & content officer at EARTHDAY.ORG, reflects on a 55-year legacy of environmental action Read More Bulgarian National Radio | Ейдън Шарън от "Денят на Земята": България може да бъде по-силна и независима със зелена енергия - Зелено - БНР Новини Темата тази година е "Нашата енергия, нашата планета" Read More Energy Magazine | Earth Day 2025: Powering Change with Renewable Energy Celebrating its 55th year, Earth Day 2025 unites one billion people to champion clean energy and climate action under the theme Our Power, Our Planet Read More The Times of India | Jackie Shroff celebrates Earth Day with a special message On Earth Day, Jackie Shroff shared an inspiring video on X, .. Read More TVBS | 87%憂電價凍不住 綠電節能終極解方 氣候變遷全球暖化，民眾覺得台灣天氣越來越熱，進入夏季後電器用量會增加。根據TVBS最新民調發現，有95%民眾會隨手關燈，同時購買節能家電原因，有63%是為了節能減碳，但光節能減碳還不夠。 Read More New Food Magazine | Grocery stores: where energy efficiency is the real checkout line Supermarkets can and should start embracing the energy transition – yesterday, asserts Aidan Charron, Associate Director of Global Earth Day. Read More BBC | What is Earth Day, when is it and what has it achieved? Every year, millions of people across the globe gather to mark Earth Day and celebrate the environmental movement. Read More The Cool Down | Scientists sound alarm after uncovering hidden risks lurking in everyday pet products: 'Regulation could be stepped up' "It's important that the owners receive the best quality food to keep their pet healthy." Read More Tribunnews | Peringati Hari Bumi 2025, Kemenag Akan Tanam Sejuta Pohon di Beberapa Daerah di Indonesia Tahun ini peringatan Hari Bumi 2025 menginjak usia ke-55 tahun sejak dimulai pada 1970. Read More Ch3plus | 22 เมษายน วันคุ้มครองโลก “พลังของเรา พลังของโลก” อีกหนึ่งวันที่เตือนใจคนทั่วโลกถึงความสำคัญของการอนุรักษ์สิ่งแวดล้อมและความยั่งยืน ก็คือ “วันคุ้มครองโลก” ซึ่งตรงกับวันที่ 22 เมษายน ของทุกปี โดยมีจุดเริ่มต้นจาก เกย์ ลอร์ด เนลสัน วุฒิสมาชิกสหรัฐ ที่ต้องการหาแนวร่วมจากนักศึกษาในมหาวิทยาลัยที่จะร่วมกันทำกิจกรรมเพื่อเคลื่อนไหวด้านสิ่งแวดล้อม... Read More Business World | Rising Climate Risks, Falling Clean Energy Costs Strengthen Case For India’s Green Shift Hundreds of thousands of frozen acai bowls have been recalled because of the risk that they may contain plastic. Read More Yahoo! | Officials issue warning following recall of popular food item: 'Adverse health consequences'’ Hundreds of thousands of frozen acai bowls have been recalled because of the risk that they may contain plastic. Read More NPR | Need aG5noticias Este 22 de abril conmemoramos el 55º aniversario del Día Mundial de la Tierra bajo un lema tan inspirador como desafiante... Read More NPR | Need Earth Day optimism? Here are some environmental do-gooders in your backyard Earth Day 2025's theme is "Our power, our planet," an idea centered on taking action through education, advocacy and community support. Read More Newsweek | Earth Day Is Tuesday, April 22—Why Does the U.S. Celebrate the Holiday? Founded by Senator Gaylord Nelson of Wisconsin, Earth Day was created to thrust environmental issues into the national conversation at a time when the U.S. had no Environmental Protection Agency... Read More USA Today | When is Earth Day 2025? What to know about the planet-centered holiday Now celebrating its 55th anniversary, this year's Earth Day theme, "Our Power, Our Planet," calls for people worldwide to unite behind renewable energy ... Read More The Manila Times | Earth Day 2025 revolves around 'Our Power, Our Planet' theme SINCE Earth Day was first celebrated on April 22, 1970 in the United States, founders of the Earth Day Network, also known as earthday.org, have been mobilizing... Read More Line Today Thai | 22 เม.ย. Earth Day ร่วมผลักดันเพิ่มพลังงานสะอาด 3 เท่าภายในปี 2030 This year’s theme emphasizes the urgent need for global renewable energy initiatives and community engagement. Read More The Pinnacle Gazette | Earth Day 2025 Focuses On Renewable Energy Action This year’s theme emphasizes the urgent need for global renewable energy initiatives and community engagement. Read More Greenville Online | What is Earth Day? Here's how to celebrate with festive events, litter cleanups, monster art 55 years of environmental action on Earth Day Read More AccuWeather | 55 years of environmental activism on Earth Day 55 years of environmental action on Earth Day Read More VC Reporter | Quick Green Tip: Earth Day Events 2025 Earth Day is now commemorated every April 22, and organizers of events worldwide raise awareness of environmental threats while celebrating environmental progress. Read More American Geosciences Institute | Take Part in AGI Earth Day Webinar: 'The Science of Net Zero Buildings' Students, educators, geoscience professionals, and others are invited to participate in the American Geosciences Institute’s (AGI) Earth Day Webinar, titled “The Science of Net Zero Buildings,” and/or view a recording after the premiere on YouTube Live at 1 p.m. ET, Monday, April 21, 2025. Read More Montgomery Community Media | County Offers Free Bus Rides on Earth Day Montgomery County bus riders can take advantage of free rides on Tuesday, April 22 in celebration of Earth Day, the Montgomery County Department of Transportation (MCDOT) said. Read More Springfield News-Leader | 4 ways to celebrate Earth Day 2025 in Springfield Since 1970, people have come together on April 22 to celebrate Earth Day with environmental education and action. Read More Cure-Naturali.it | Giornata mondiale della Terra Il 22 aprile si celebra la Giornata Mondiale della Terra. Giunta alla 55ma edizione, invita la comunità internazionale a prendersi cura del Pianeta, all’insegna dello slogan Invest in our planet. Read More WOOD TV | ‘You can make a difference’: Kalamazoo refill store aims to cut down on plastic waste Plastic pollution is one of the most obvious and long-lasting of the major environmental concerns, and because of the scope of the problem, it can seem overwhelming to try to change on your own. Read More Orlando Sentinel | Earth Day 2025 in Orlando: Events and ways to celebrate Earth Day turns 55 years old in 2025, bringing with it a celebration of the planet we call home and a reminder of ways we can help Mother Nature. Read More Dayton Daily News | Things to do in Dayton for Earth Day, which is 55 this year The 55th anniversary of Earth Day is April 22. The theme of Earth Day this year is, “Our Power, Our Planet,” focusing on renewable energy and climate action. Read More Chicago Tribune | Earth Day celebration at Expo Center features fun, environmental awareness Northwest Indiana’s annual Earth Day celebration offered up 55 vendors at the Porter County Expo Center Saturday morning in celebration of the country’s 55th anniversary of the creation of Earth Day. Read More Inkl | When is World Earth Day 2025, what is the theme and how can you get involved When is World Earth Day 2025, what is the theme and how can you get involved Read More PC Home | 世界能夠完全依賴太陽能運轉嗎 隨著氣候變遷帶來的影響日益加劇，溫室氣體排放導致全球氣溫上升，對地球環境造成嚴重破壞，人類對於以再生能源取代化石燃料的呼聲愈發高漲 Read More Kompas | Makna Tema Hari Bumi 2025: Energi Kita, Planet Kita Setiap 22 April, dunia memperingati Hari Bumi. Tahun ini, peringatan Hari Bumi 2025 menginjak usia ke-55 tahun sejak dimulai pada 1970. Read More Corriere della Sera | Torna a Roma l’Earth Action Day. E unisce le aziende più importanti delle rinnovabili: aperte le candidature Torna a Roma l’Earth Action Day. E unisce le aziende più importanti delle rinnovabili: aperte le candidature Read More The Cool Down | Officials issue warning following recall of popular food item: 'Adverse health consequences' The Food and Drug Administration has announced a Class II recall on more than 25,000 cases of the product. Read More This Old House | Eco-Friendly Home Renovation Projects Homeowners opt to renovate for various reasons, from improving the home’s functionality and market value to adding custom and modern features. Read More Innovating Canada | Canada is a Powerhouse: Jobs, Economics, and the Green Energy Revolution Canada’s vast natural landscapes are not just easy on the eyes, but also have vast potential in renewable energy. In 2022, renewable sources accounted for 16.9% of Canada’s total primary energy supply. Read More The Gleaner | Designing cities from nature’s blueprint Imagine a city where buildings breathe like plants, streets flow like rivers, and neighborhoods grow like forests. In contrast to the rigid, concrete jungles... Read More Detroit Free Press | When is Earth Day 2025? Here's what to know in Michigan Earth Day is just around the corner, and now's the time for Michiganders to start embracing their green lifestyle. Read More Good Housekeeping | 18 Earth Day Facts Most People Don't Know Learn why April 22 is so important by reading these fun facts and surprising trivia tidbits. Read More Taking the Kids | What Your Family Can Do for Earth Day 2025 Ideas Ready to do your part? Earth Day is coming up soon (April 22) and the theme this year is “Our Power, Your Planet” with a focus on the need for #renewableenergynow. Read More AP News | GreenPan Partners for Third Year With EARTHDAY.ORG to Plant Mangrove Trees in India Throughout the Month of April GreenPan, award-winning inventors of PFAS-free ceramic nonstick cookware, is once again partnering with EARTHDAY.ORG to donate $1 per order placed on their website Read More Ground News | Nature in the Neighborhood: Earth Day celebrates its 55th year! Swampscott Conservancy April showers, as they say, bring May flowers. Another thing April brings is Earth Day! Falling on April 22, Earth Day is a time to celebrate our planet and also raise public awareness about the environmental challenges it faces. Read More The Independent | Sustainable upgrades for a greener home to salute World Earth Day Green up your life with these eco-friendly solutions, says Sam Wylie-Harris. Read More AOL | The History of Earth Day (& How to Celebrate It Sustainably) Earth Day is an annual celebration that raises awareness of the need to protect Earth's natural resources for future generations. Read More Pure Wow | 36 Exciting Earth Day Activities For Kids Tuesday, April 22nd marks Earth Day 2025, and while we aren’t limiting our pledge to live a little greener to a single day, it’s a great opportunity to teach our kids about sustainability and the world around them. Read More WUSA9  | Earth Day 5K Walk & Green Expo strives for a greener future for everyone Read More Yahoo! Lifestyle | EarthFest, San Diego’s largest Earth Day celebration, returns to Balboa Park The largest Earth Day celebration in San Diego is set to make its annual return to Balboa Park next weekend. Read More Ziarul Prahova | Microplasticele din creier ne amenință sănătatea Microplasticele, acele particule minuscule de plastic, cu dimensiuni mai mici de 5 milimetri, care rezultă din degradarea materialelor plastice mai mari Read More Global Alliance for Incinerator Alternatives | Open Letter to UN-HABITAT: Promote Zero Waste, Not Waste Burning! The Global Alliance for Incinerator Alternatives, which represents over 1,000 groups across 92 countries worldwide, is dismayed by UN-HABITAT’s promotion of waste-to-energy incineration Read More American Society of Landscape Architects | It’s Time to Celebrate Landscape Architecture #WLAM2025 is officially here! April is World Landscape Architecture Month—a time to celebrate the impact of landscape architecture on communities and the environment. Read More The Garden Island | Free hoolaulea on Saturday The public is invited to join a no-cost celebration of sustainability and agriculture at Hoolaulea no ka Honua Read More Mountain Times | Boone Earth Film Fest planned for April 4 BOONE — The 3rd Annual Boone Earth Film Fest will be held for free at Appalachian Theatre of the High Country (559 W King St.) on Friday, April 4 starting at 6:15 p.m. Read More Rolling Out | Sustainable living strategies anyone can afford How small, budget-friendly changes in daily habits can collectively create significant environmental benefits Read More Times Leader | Earth action day: Unleashing our power for our planet April 22nd will mark the fifty-fifth anniversary of Earth Day. The power of those 20 million voices that came out on the streets that first Earth Day led the U.S. to create... Read More WCF Courier | Cedar Falls announces activities during Earth Week April 16-22 Read More Jamaica Gleaner | Eco-Anxiety epidemic: How Gen Z activists are channelling fear into solutions From coast to coast, Gen Z has witnessed the destruction of the places they love, from childhood homes to college campuses. Read More Aiken Standard | ADDA plans Earth Day event for April 5 in The Alley This year's Earth Day event in downtown Aiken is set to be a mid-day gathering in a slightly different location, with the traditional mix of "interactive exhibits and eco-tips," face painting, art and food trucks. Read More Journal and Topic Media | Happy Earth Day, Des Plaines! The first Earth Day was celebrated on April 22, 1970, when founders organized speeches and rallies around our nation to create awareness regarding environmental issues facing our air, water and soil. Read More greenMe | Addio plastica! In Cile nasce il sacchetto che si dissolve subito a contatto con l'acqua In Cile nasce SoluBag, una borsa biodegradabile solubile in acqua che non lascia residui tossici: una rivoluzione nella lotta all’inquinamento da plastica. Read More Kosmo | Beliebter Urlaubsstrand verbietet Rauchen! Spanien setzt ein Zeichen für gesunden Tourismus: Rauchfreie Strände breiten sich aus, mit L’Albir an der Costa Blanca als neuestem Vorbild. Read More Quotidiano | La pietra angolare nel 1970: primo passo storico 22 aprile di ogni anno, il mondo si unisce per celebrare la Giornata Mondiale della Terra, l’Earth Day, la più grande manifestazione ambientale globale. Read More Senior Planet from AARP | Make You - and the Earth - Healthier! Senior Planet spoke to Tom Cosgrove, a spokesperson for the nonprofit organization Earth Day and mined other reputable sources of information about how to make a difference. Read More Heute | 2.000 Euro Strafe – Nächster beliebter spanischer Strand verbietet Rauchen Nach Barcelona, Valenicia, Ibiza und Mallorca tritt im Süden Spaniens diesen Sommer das nächste Rauchverbot in Kraft. Read More Power Magazine | India Continues to Expand Renewable Energy Resources India Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently reiterated his pledge to more than double... Read More Family Handyman | What Is Passive Solar Design? If you're building or renovating, passive solar design can make your house easier to keep comfortable. Our panel of experts tells you more. Read More Niconico | 全国 100 箇所の「アースデイ」の開催情報を発表する、アースデイジャパンオープニングイベント2025を開催! | ニコニコニュース EARTH DAY 2025 オープニングイベント 2025年4月5日（土）13:00～16:00 オンライン開催 Read More Yahoo! News | When is Earth Day 2025? Here are a few reasons why we celebrate the annual holiday. Earth Day has been celebrated across the country — and the globe — for more than 50 years now, and the annual celebration is once again around the corner. Read More AOL | When Is Earth Day In 2025? Here's What to Know When Is Earth Day In 2025? Here's What to Know Read More The Good Men Project Antonique Smith: Climate Activist, Earth Action Day 2025 How is Grammy-nominated artist Antonique Smith using music, storytelling, and activism to fight climate change? Find out here! Read More Associated Press | Role models. Peer pressure. Rewards. What really gets people to act more sustainably? NEW YORK (AP) — Lauren Click founded a nonprofit a few years ago offering free composting education to schools around the country. Today... Read More Plastic Pollution Coalition | This is Your Brain on Plastic: What You Need to Know About Plastics & Health Scientists recently discovered that the human brain contains the equivalent of a plastic spoon’s worth of microplastics. Read More Metapress | Why Sustainable Products Are Worth Paying For Ever find yourself picking up a product with labels like ‘100% sustainable’ or ‘made from recycled materials’, only to put it right down after checking the price? You’re not alone. Read More TV INFO | Particule de plastic în creier. Studiile arată de 20 de ori mai multe particule decât în ficat Studii recente au evidențiat o creștere explozivă a microplasticelor în creierul uman: cu 50% mai mult față de doar 8 ani în urmă, de 20 de ori mai multe particule de plastic decât în ficat sau rinichi. Read More Media Brief | Exclusive: Ramesh Narayan on 15 impactful years of the IAA Olive Crown Awards This is Ramesh Narayan on perhaps his most loved ‘baby’ in the Indian A&M industry, The IAA’s Olive Crown Awards. Excerpts: Read More Iberdrola | Dia Mundial da Terra - 22 de abril de 2025 O Dia Mundial da Terra de 2025, que será celebrado no dia 22 de abril, adota em sua 55ª edição o tema “Nosso Poder, Nosso Planeta”. Read More Hot News | Microplasticele din creier ne amenință sănătatea. Cercetător: „Există mult mai mult plastic în creierul nostru decât mi-aș fi imaginat vreodată!” 5 soluții pentru a limita expunerea Read More FOCUS | Earth Day am 22. April: Das steckt hinter dem Tag der Erde Jedes Jahr findet am 22. April weltweit der Earth Day statt. Dieser Tag der Erde steht ganz im Zeichen von Umwelt und Nachhaltigkeit. Mit wechselnden... Read More Daily Mail | Popular Spanish beach announces new smoking ban just in time for summer British holidaymakers looking to hit the beach this summer are being warned of a brand new ban at one of southern Read More AP News | Role models. Peer pressure. Rewards. What really gets people to act more sustainably? Lauren Click founded a nonprofit a few years ago offering free composting education to schools around the country. Read More ESG News | Earth Day 2025 Avid readers of fantasy fiction may already be familiar with the Triple Goddess archetype: the Maiden, the Mother, and the Crone. In myth and legend, each represents a stage of the female life cycle, embodying unique strengths. Read More Jamaica Gleaner | Securing our fate: Women warriors forging the future Avid readers of fantasy fiction may already be familiar with the Triple Goddess archetype: the Maiden, the Mother, and the Crone. In myth and legend, each represents a stage of the female life cycle, embodying unique strengths. Read More Epicenter.bg | Каква е разликата между дънки за 30 лв. и такива за 300 лв Read More Al Dia Dallas | Día de la Tierra 2025: Cuándo es y qué se celebra Read More CafeF | Hàng nghìn hạt vi nhựa có thể được đưa trực tiếp vào máu người theo con đường không ai ngờ Read More Inkl.com | How to reduce water bills – 7 expert-approved tips to to help you save money and the planet this World Water Day and beyond Read More The Cool Down | Shopper exposes disturbing trend on thrift store website : 'Now they're being greedy' Sometimes, it seems like doing that is getting harder and harder, and one Redditor may have found out why. They posted photos of a... Read More Today | 25 Earth Day facts that aren't common knowledge April showers aren't the only thing the fourth month of the calendar year brings. In fact, there are a variety of April holidays to celebrate... Read More The Gleaner | Securing our fate: Women warriors forging the future Avid readers of fantasy fiction may already be familiar with the Triple Goddess archetype: the Maiden, the Mother, and the Crone. Read More Well and Good | Yep, Microplastics Are in Food Now—How Worried Should You Be? From seafood to tea bags, a surprising list of foods now contain microplastics. Read More Lao Dong | Nhiệt độ kỷ lục đẩy nhiều địa phương thành nơi khó sống Tháng 1.2025 là tháng 1 nóng nhất trong lịch sử dù nhiệt độ toàn cầu đang chịu ảnh hưởng của La Nina. Nhiệt độ kỷ lục của tháng 1 nối dài chuỗi nóng bất thường, với 18 trong số 19 tháng liên tiếp nhiệt độ... Read More inkl | 5 non-toxic pest control essentials proven to prevent pests humanely – and why avoiding harsh chemicals is a must to keep your family healthy 5 non-toxic pest control essentials proven to prevent pests humanely – and why avoiding harsh chemicals is a must to keep your family healthy Read More Yahoo!News | Maryland Officials Support Gas Plants Among Cleaner Forms of Generation Maryland lawmakers have introduced a bill in the state legislature that sponsors say would provide an easier path to build... Read More Yahoo!Life | How To Protect Your Home If You Live in a ‘Climate Abandonment’ Zone In the past five months alone, extreme weather has caused billions of dollars in damage to property. Read More Good News Broadcast | EarthDay.org (The Founders of Earth Day in 1970) Creative Team shares their Good News, Join them... ARTHDAY.ORG (EDO), the global leader in Earth Day advocacy, observed by over one billion people worldwide every April 2... Read More My Green Pod Magazine | My Green Pod Magazine Celebrate International Women’s Day 2025 with our ‘Accelerate Action’ issue. Explore the fight... Read More DigitalCommerce360 | Urban Outfitters reports record revenue, Nuuly becomes profitable Nuuly, Urban Outfitters' rental business, recorded $13 million in operating profit for the year, according to the company. Read More Jamaica Gleaner | How art inspires action for our planet Art has the power to change the way we see ourselves and our place in the world. It can ignite movements... Read More Good News Planet | GoodNewsLetter: Tears and the Sea, Gibran…How Much of Life is compared to THE NATURE OF MOTHER EARTH: OUR POWER, OUR PLANET. OUR POWER, OUR PLANET is a Slogan created by WWW.EARTHDAY.ORG We are sharing... Read More Well and Good | Yep, Microplastics Are in Your Food—How Worried Should You Be? From seafood to tea bags, a surprising list of foods now contain microplastics. Read More Good News Planet | Go Fund Me Good News Corporation EMERGENCY DONATIONS for April 22, 2025 Good News Corporation (GNC), established 2002 as a 501 C3 Non-Profit, produces the Humanitarian Earth Day Concert and Exhibition in Times Square on April 22, 2025... Read More Homes and Gardens | 10 home upgrades to prepare a house for extreme weather While spending all your time worrying about bad things that could happen in the future is not helpful or healthy, being prepared for bad weather will be time well spent... Read More Homes and Gardens | 5 non-toxic pest control essentials proven to prevent pests humanely – and why avoiding harsh chemicals is a must to keep your family healthy Spotting pests in your home can be alarming, often leading us to reach for the strongest deterrents available ... Read More Before It’s News | A History of Everything Leftist Unionism: Labor and the New Left The collapse of American Communism was not the end of American leftist radicalism, and the labor union movement would negotiate a complex dance with the “New Left”... Read More Yahoo!News | Thrift store shopping and reselling continues to trend upwards ALTOONA, Pa. (WTAJ) — In recent years, thrifting has become a global trend, and it only continues to grow. It’s a way to save money and it’s sustainable because it keeps clothes in use. Read More The Cool Down | Visitor distraught over appalling scene discovered at sacred temple: 'Really saddened' Visiting a temple is supposed to be a sacred and enlightening experience, but one visitor was faced with trash and disrespect during their trip to a holy site. Read More The Cool Down | Photos lay bare neighbor's shocking behavior as snow melts: 'So gross' A Redditor has shared their frustration after the melting snow revealed that their neighbors had been stubbing their cigarettes out in the snow — and they had left the butts behind. Read More Yahoo!Xtra | The major cities that are becoming too hot for humans to live in With record-breaking temperatures being recorded seemingly every month, experts are now warning large areas of the Earth could become completely inhospitable to humans due to the scorching heat. Read More Daily Star | How often you should wash your jeans as Daily Star rows over 'every time' or 'not for years’ Jeans, we all wear 'em, but the trouble with things we see every day is we start to forget they exist... Read More The Cool Down | Shopper goes viral over rant calling out harmful fashion influencers: 'Absolutely horrible' In a viral video post that has acquired more than 3,000 comments, TikToker Gabe Sautter... Read More HuffPost | What’s The Difference Between $50 Jeans And $500 Jeans? When it’s time to buy a new pair of jeans, your head may start spinning. Some jeans cost $50, while others cost $500... Read More Newsweek | Doctor Reveals One Thing She Would Never Buy in a Grocery Store A doctor's warning about a popular grocery store item has gone viral on Instagram. Read More Las Vegas Sun | Executive order on straws misses the larger crisis of plastic’s impact on human health A recent executive order from President Donald Trump reverses the push for paper straws in favor of plastic ones based... Read More MSN | Moda sostenibile: tra legislazione e responsabilità, un report fotografa le nuove sfide del settore Earthday.org, attraverso il suo report Broken Threads & Twisted Yarns: Legislating the Reform of Fashion... Read More Common Dreams | Trump’s Embrace of Plastic Straws Won’t Make America Healthy Again The harmful effects of plastics on human health should be a primary concern for any administration that claims to value human life. Read More Real Simple | 5 Food Scraps You Should Toss in the Garden—Instead of the Trash Give your garden a boost with these common kitchen leftovers. Read More Newsweek | Gen Z Man Left 'Shocked' by Plastic Levels in His Body The phrase "you are what you eat" has never been more relevant—and it also extends to where your food is stored. With increasing studies shedding light on the concerns... Read More Jamaica Gleaner | How do I use AI and protect the environment? These are just some of the queries that I’ve entered into Chat GPT. Since it debuted in late 2022, over 100 million... Read More Homes & Gardens | Best eco-friendly houseplant tools – 9 ways to protect your indoor plants from microplastics Keep microplastics away from beloved houseplants with these metal and wood options Read More Common Dreams | Trump’s Embrace of Plastic Straws Won’t Make America Healthy Again U.S. President Donald Trump’s recent executive order, which reverses the push for paper straws in favor of plastic ones... Read More New Zealand Adventure Magazine | How Do I Use AI and Protect the Environment? Since it debuted in late 2022, over 100 million active users have used the website that is partly owned by... Read More Power Magazine | U.S. Coal Plants Get Reprieve as Market and Policies Change Several U.S. utilities in recent months have said they plan to keep coal-fired units in their generation... Read More Real Simple | 8 Mistakes You Might Be Making with Your Bird Feeder (and How to Fix Them) If your bird feeder isn't a bird magnet, these snafus could be why. Read More MSN | Insurance screws over thousands of LA homeowners before the Palisades Fire — states could face 'full-scale financial crisis January wildfires in Southern California have created significant property damage and destruction that few could have predicted — except for insurance companies... Read More Yahoo! Lifestyle | Concerned about microplastics in your tea? Trade in plastic-containing tea bags for nontoxic tea infusers Nothing beats unwinding with a soothing cup of tea, but the peace of mind your warm drink brings may be a little less pronounced given new research that suggests... Read More DC Journal | Does Jesus Want Christians to Be Environmentalists? As Christmas approaches, I know that my Christian friends will ask me why I chose to work for the environmental nonprofit Earthday.org instead of engaging in hands-on field ministry. Read More Turf | Earth Day: Join The Initiative To Reduce Plastic Plant Pots An astounding 95-98% of plastic horticultural pots end up in landfills. The Healthy Pots, Healthy Plants initiative is trying to change that. Read More ICLEI | Global sustainability agendas: 10 things we’re watching for in 2025 As we begin a pivotal year, many global north countries are facing elections and leadership changes, testing the world’s commitment to sustainable development. Read More Homes & Gardens | 8 helpful ways to re-purpose old pillows – from making handy garden kneelers and draft excluders, to cozy pet beds Sustainability experts say these bulky items don't have to go to waste Read More The Cool Down | Controversial fashion giant is returning to one of the world's largest markets after nearly five-year ban — here's why it's concerning Read More PC Homes | 7 個你可能不知道的有趣再生能源事實 感恩節晚餐的話題有時可能充滿爭議，但如果你想找到一個能讓即使是最支持化石 Read More Kill The DJ | To Stream or Not To Stream: How Gen Z’s Are Shaping the Future of Content We are in 2025 and one thing is for sure: climate change is reshaping the global workforce. Read More The Gleaner | Changing climate of the workforce: climate jobs everywhere you look We are in 2025 and one thing is for sure: climate change is reshaping the global workforce. Read More IUCN | Education at UNFCCC COP29 Education was a central theme at COP29 in Baku, Azerbaijan, highlighting its critical role in equipping individuals with the knowledge and skills needed to understand and combat climate change. Read More Newsweek | Gen Z Man Left 'Shocked' by Plastic Levels in His Body The phrase "you are what you eat" has never been more relevant—and it also extends to where your food is stored... Read More She Knows | How To Talk to Your Kids About Scary Environmental Disasters There’s no doubt about it: We’re in the midst of an environmental emergency. As of today, wildfires in Los Angeles have... Read More Jamaica Gleaner | Harvesting the sun: How solar energy is revolutionising farming Solar is most famous for being a planet-saving addition to the roof of your home. But it can help us meet... Read More Newsweek | Five Items You Should Ditch to Reduce Microplastics, According to Experts Microplastics are everywhere—lurking in the water we drink, the air we breathe and even the clothes we wear... Read More DC Journal | Does Jesus Want Christians to Be Environmentalists? As Christmas approaches, I know that my Christian friends will ask me why I chose to work for the environmental nonprofit Earthday.org instead of engaging in hands-on field ministry. Read More Realtor.com | Millions of Americans Live in 'Insurance Deserts'—but There Are Ways To Protect Your Home Homeowners insurance has doubled for some Americans. For others, it’s out of reach due to climate risks, leaving millions living in “insurance deserts.” Read More The Washington Post | Drilling could resume where a 1969 oil spill inspired Earth Day A Plan by Sable Offshore to restart an oil pipeline that burst in 2015 has outraged Santa Barbara environmentalists. Read More Yahoo Lifestyle | 11 Creative Ways To Repurpose Old T-Shirts Old t-shirts are excellent for DIY projects, great for lint-free cleaning, and all sorts of arts and crafts. We spoke to some home decor, craft, and DIY experts for ideas for what to do with old t-shirts to give them an extra life. Read More Epoch Health | Heat and Changing Temperatures Increase Postpartum Depression Risk Women who have recently given birth and are exposed to heat and fluctuating ambient temperatures face a significantly higher risk of developing postpartum depression (PPD), according to a recent study. Read More The Gleaner | Greenwashed gas: A fossil fuel industry cover-up In a world that is steadily transitioning away from fossil fuels, gas and oil companies are pulling out their dirtiest tricks to maintain power over the energy market. Read More The Daily Iowan | Time is almost up: how the next four years will shape Earth’s future The four years left on the climate clock align with a Trump presidency. What does this mean for our planet? Read More Fossil vs Future - What about plastics? A lifesaving innovation or a threat to our planet and health? Plastics have revolutionized modern life with their versatility and usefulness, but their overwhelming abundance has led to a mounting crisis. Listen Bloomberg Government - Plastic Production Caps Needed to Combat Crisis, Say Democrats The US should push hard for a global agreement at an upcoming conference to reduce... Read More EV Geek - Renewable Energy Revolution with Earthday.org Joel and Sebastian chat with Aidan Charron, Associate Director of Global Earth Day/earthday.org about climate change and the future of renewable energy! Listen My Green Pod Magazine, November 2024 - COP 29 SPECIAL ISSUE This special COP 29 issue includes some of the incredible people presenting real solutions to the problems we face... Read More Karuna Singh | Grassroots climate action in Asia: the role of community-led initiatives Karuna was on the steering committee for India of the Global Environment Facility, UNDP, the Government of India Ministry of Environment, Forest and... Read More Earth Science Week | How are plastics changing our world? Join us as experts delve into the widespread impact of plastics, from microplastics in our ecosystems to their influence on geological dynamics. Read More S&P Global | Why climate literacy matters for business, growing the green workforce At Climate Week NYC 2024, many conversations focused on improving public understanding of... Read More Redem | La importancia de incluir la Educación Climática en las NDCs Los proyectos de Educación Climática que se alinean con las Contribuciones Determinadas a Nivel Nacional (NDCs)... Read More The Gleaner | Emily Walker | Cell phones versus classrooms As we recognised World Teacher Day on October 5, there can be.... Read More Tele Ambiante | Microplastiche, ftalati e bisfenoli, uno studio svela i rischi per gli animali domestici Uno studio di Earthday.org ha rivelato l’impatto di microplastiche, bisfenoli e ftalati... Read More Green Me | La plastica è pericolosa anche per gli animali domestici, i rischi “invisibili” per cani e gatti in un nuovo report Un nuovo rapporto rivela l'impatto della plastica sulla salute degli animali... Read More Il Salvagente | Lo studio: i pericoli della plastica sui nostri animali domestici Bisfenoli, ftalati, microplastiche sono notoriamente un rischio per l’uomo. Ora una ricerca di Earthday.org... Read More Jellybeans in the City | Our Power, Our Planet: Earth Day 2025 Calls for a Renewable Energy Revolution As Earth Day 2025 approaches, it’s not just another day to celebrate our planet. This year, it’s a rallying cry for a... Read More The Gleaner | Five illuminating facts you should know about solar energy Imagine a world where your home is powered by the same force that lights up the sky every day. No more hefty... Read More X | Nominate trailblazers for EARTHDAY.ORG’s Earthshot Prize. Read More X | EARTHDAY.ORG ANNOUNCES THE GLOBAL THEME FOR EARTH DAY 2025: Our Power Read More The International Schools Podcast | A conversation with Emily, Dennis, and Bryce from EarthDay.org Join us for a conversation with Emily, Dennis, and Bryce from Earth Day as we explore the impact of climate.... Read More Bloomberg | Sarah, Duchess of York, Gives Youth a Boost on Climate Change Young environmental activists shut out of high-level climate policy discussions in the US and abroad have an unusual patron these days: Sarah, Duchess of York. Read More IMC Journal | CREATING A FUTURE READY MUMBAI Volume 116 | Issue 1 | July - August 2024 Read More Woof Republic | EARTHDAY.ORG Research Shows Plastics Could Be Harming Pets -- Here's What You Can Do to Protect Your Beloved Animal Here at Woof Republic, we want to do everything possible to keep... Read More Tribune Content Agency | Animal Doctor: Plastic Risks for Pets The group Earthday.org has released a new report regarding the effects of exposure to plastics on our pets. Read More News Wires | National CleanUp Day Returns for Its Eighth Year, Mobilizing Millions Nationwide on September 21 The annual event will attract droves of volunteers to help clean their communities Read More Hechinger Report | Theater, economics and psychology: Climate class is now in session How colleges are trying to make a dent in climate change Read More Our Power, Our Planet: Earth Day 2025 Calls for a Renewable Energy Revolution As Earth Day 2025 approaches, it’s not just another day to celebrate our planet. This year... Read More Pets vs Plastic | Pet Food to Pet Toys, Protecting the Health of Your Pets If you're a pet owner, this episode is a MUST listen! In my discussion with Aiden, we cover why exposure... Read More Environmental group raises alarm about plastics and pets Environmental advocacy group Earthday.org (EDO) is warning pet owners about exposure to toxic plastics... Read More The Times Tribune - Plastics pose hidden dangers to pets As more people bring pets into their homes and the prevalence of plastics creates hidden dangers for animals, Rebecca Martino offered some suggestions to keep furry friends safe... Read More New Study Sheds Light On The Harmful Effect of Plastics On Pets We all know how harmful microplastics are – both for the environment and for our health. However, it seems that the effects of plastics... Read More Report exposes lack of regulation on pet toys and microplastic risks A new report was just released by Earthday.org, which discusses the current state of research and regulation around the globe with... Read More Five Ways Plastic is Sneaking into Your Pet’s Life In the morning when I wake up, I pop out my plastic retainers and brush my teeth using my plastic toothbrush. I take a shower... Read More Bloomberg - Biden Seeks 2035 Ban on Single-Use Plastic in Federal Government The House is back and immediately diving back into work on the fiscal 2025 appropriations bills, setting up floor votes this week... Read More The New Lede -The perils of plastics extend to our pets By now, you’d practically have to be living on Mars not to have heard about the health risks associated with plastics and the... Read More My Green Pod - EARTHDAY.ORG releases new report highlighting the impact of plastics on our pets EARTHDAY.ORG (EDO) has released a shocking new report exploring the exposure of pets to microplastics and toxic plastic chemicals... Read More Truth About Pet Food - New Report: Pets Vs. Plastics The organization Earthday.org has released a new report regarding the exposure of plastics on our pets... Read More The Gleaner - Kathleen Rogers | Plastics: It’s personal The battle against plastics began decades ago. In the early days, the focus was on the proliferation of plastic pollution and... Read More Yahoo! Finance - Earthday.org spotlights impact of plastic chemicals on pets The report focuses first on bisphenol A (BPA). This controversial chemical is used to line pet food cans to prevent... Read More The Gleaner - Emily Walker | Storytelling matters – now more than ever Stories stick with us, shape us, and teach us. That is why stories are the most valuable resource we can give all students. Written stories are powerful... Read More EARTHDAY.ORG in the News See all 256 articles See all 267 articles Canopy Tree Project Les Actualites «Underreported Earth» révèle des histoires désastreuses sur les forêts – Gadget Terre sous-estimée : les contes d’arbres vise à sensibiliser le public à la valeur du journalisme d’investigation dans la protection des forêts et de la biodiversité. La série cherche à informer les communautés locales et à susciter un débat plus large sur les enjeux environnementaux et les actions nécessaires pour préserver ces écosystèmes fragiles. Read More Biodiversity and Conservation CBS News Detroit Two Groups Working To Make Detroit Lot Into Thriving Green Space Earthday.org collaborates with Detroit Hives to restore vacant lot into bee-friendly green space Read More Biodiversity and Conservation CBS News Detroit Detroit Nonprofit Working with Environmental Group To Transform Vacant Lot Into Green Space Evan Raskin of EarthDay.org says “If we clean up this property, it will help prevent littering and pollution elsewhere in the community as well,” Read More Biodiversity and Conservation IT BOLTWISE Detroit verwandelt Brachland in grüne Oase für Bienen Diese Initiative zielt darauf ab, die Stadt zu einer offiziellen Bee City zu machen und gleichzeitig die Gemeinschaft zu stärken. Durch die Zusammenarbeit von Detroit Hives und Earthday.org wird das Gebiet in einen botanischen Garten umgestaltet, der sowohl der Umwelt als auch den Bewohnern zugutekommt. Read More Climate Action Local 4 News: Transforming Vacant Lots Detroit Hive is partnering with Earthday.org this Saturday to clean up and prepare the space for the proposed East Warren Community Arboretum and Botanical Garden project Read More Canopy Tree Project ClickOn Detroit Detroit Neighbors Transform Vacant Lots Into Urban Bee Farms, Green Spaces Detroit Hives is partnering with EarthDay.org to prepare the space for the proposed East Warren Community Arboretum and Botanical Garden. The plan calls for a diverse selection of Michigan native trees and a mix of seasonal perennials to support pollinators throughout the year. Read More End Plastics NBC Connecticut Group Calls For Reduction In Plastics Manufacturing Aidan Charron says that every fish in the ocean has some amount of plastic in it Read More Climate Education Grounded World LinkedIn It Shouldn't Be This Hard Podcast: Making Earth Day Every Day Shouldn’t Be This Hard featuring Kathleen Rogers In our latest episode of It Shouldn’t Be This Hard, Kathleen Rogers, President of EARTHDAY.ORG, captures one of the biggest paradoxes in environmental work today: Awareness is rising. But so is a sense of paralysis. Yet as Kathleen reminds us…we are all environmental citizens and no matter how divided the world feels, the planet is the one thing we still share. Read More Canopy Tree Project Gadget Magazine ‘Underreported Earth’ Exposes Dire Forest Stories Underreported Earth: Tree Tales series episodes were livestreamed on Earthday.org’s YouTube, Facebook and X accounts last week. Read More Canopy Tree Project CarbonBrief COP30 DeBriefed 21 November 2025: ‘Mutirão’ text latest; ‘Roadmaps’ explained; COP finish times plotted In a new video series from Earthday.org and the Pulitzer Centre, three investigative journalists discussed their reporting on deforestation in Brazil and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Read More Canopy Tree Project Washington Academy of Sciences Spotlighting Episode Three of the new Underreported Earth series: “Tree Tales.” Terran Fielder featured in Washington Academy of Sciences LinkedIn post about Underreported Earth series Read More End Plastics NBC CT Increasing Plastic Production Worries Environmental Activists EARTHDAY.ORG Associate Director Aidan Charron is calling for a reduction in plastic production. “Our plastic production is only increasing. It’s expected to triple in the next 20 or so years,” Charron said. “And if we keep going at the rates we’re going, we’re going to have more plastic in the ocean than there are fish in the ocean by 2050. Every fish they’re pulling out of the ocean right now has some kind of plastic in it,” he added. Read More Climate Action InstaStory The Unstoppable Young EcoHero and Climate Warrior Manya Harsha: A Call to Action for Children’s Day 2025 EARTHDAY.ORG Rising Star Award Winner Manya Harsha is proving that age is no barrier to profound environmental impact. Her message is direct and unequivocal: “Our message is clear: THE EARTH IS NOT FOR SALE, and future generations won’t trade their planet for short term gains.” Read More End Plastics The Cool Down Officials issue warning following recall of popular food item: 'Adverse health consequences' The Food and Drug Administration has announced a Class II recall on more than 25,000 cases of the product. Read More Our Power, Our Planet The Pinnacle Gazette Earth Day 2025 Focuses On Renewable Energy Action This year’s theme emphasizes the urgent need for global renewable energy initiatives and community engagement. Read More End Plastics The Virginian Pilot Column: No reason to shift back to plastic in ongoing ‘straw wars’ Why the humble straw “issue” has so incensed the present administration and triggered an executive order more or less banning paper straws from… Read More Earth Day Network Supporters Kimberly H - Canopy Project Donor "If we each donate a little and do our part, it will add up to make a better world for all living things." Patricia M - Canopy Project Donor "It supports the fight against climate change which aids at risk wildlife.." Caroll K - Donor "The public must be educated re climate change." Fawaz B - Donor "Investing in Earthday can promote sustainability, address environmental challenges, and contribute to a better future." Jill N - Member " We all need to do our part to protect our planet and everything that resides in it." Elina H - Member "I care about the future of the planet and life on it beyond my own generation." Colleen M - Volunteer " I want to leave a little part of the world better than it was when I arrived." Luiza A - Volunteer " We must keep this beautiful planet for future generations of all species. We cannot destroy such a gift !" Madelyn V - Volunteer "I am passionate about nature and taking care of this beautiful planet!" Earth Day Network of Partners All Partners Join Earth Day Today! An unexpected error occurred. Please try again. Email address * Zip Code * I want to receive email updates from EARTHDAY.ORG. By providing my phone number, I understand that Earth Day Network and its affiliates, service providers and non for profit partner organizations may use automated calling technologies and/or text message me on my cellular phone on a periodic basis. Earth Day Network will never charge for text message alerts. Carrier message and data rates may apply to such alerts. Text STOP to stop receiving messages. Sign up Thank you for signing up! Email address Zip code I want to receive email updates from EARTHDAY.ORG. Thank you for signing up An unexpected error occurred. Please try again. Sign Up Become a Volunteer International Earth Day Network Press Room Contact Us Careers Quizzes Toolkits Fact Sheets Supporters Privacy Policy Serving 190+ Countries International Network Earth Day 2026 Earth Hub Campaigns Stories & Events About Us Store Supporters GIVE Tax ID - 13-3798288 1752 N Street NW Suite 700 Washington, DC 20036 +1 (202) 518- 0044 [email protected] Terms of use Privacy Policy Stand Up for Our Planet Right now, your support goes twice as far. Every gift made before December 31 is matched, doubling your impact to mobilize the worldwide movement to protect our planet. Give today and protect our shared future! GIVE NOW