Earthjustice: Because the earth needs a good lawyer Skip to content About Us About Earthjustice Offices Financials Your Donation at Work Career Opportunities Commitment To Justice Our Work How We Work Our Programs Our Clients Our Stories Victories Press Room En Español Take Action Action Center Action Alerts The Action Tip Guide Make a Tribute Gift Manage Monthly Gift Other Ways To Give Donate Search We take on many of the biggest environmental and health challenges of our time and stick with them. The law makes change. Because the earth needs a good lawyer. Donate About Us About Earthjustice Offices Financials Your Donation at Work Career Opportunities Commitment To Justice Our Work How We Work Our Programs Our Clients Our Stories Victories Press Room En Español Take Action Action Center Action Alerts The Action Tip Guide Make a Tribute Gift Manage Monthly Gift Other Ways To Give Donate Search We take on many of the biggest environmental and health challenges of our time and stick with them. The law makes change. Because the earth needs a good lawyer. We’re meeting the moment At Earthjustice, we are the lawyers for the environment, and we are taking this administration to court. The scale of attacks from this administration is unprecedented, but so is our response. We are taking more legal actions, hiring more lawyers, and fighting back like never before. We represent our clients free of charge, so your support makes this possible. Give today, and your gift will be matched $2:$1. Match my gift Advocating for Puerto Rico. (Matt Roth for Earthjustice) Stu Gillespie, Senior Attorney. (Spenser Heaps for Earthjustice) Kirti Datla, Director of Strategic Legal Advocacy. (Melissa Lyttle for Earthjustice) David Henkin, Senior Attorney. (Elyse Butler for Earthjustice) Elizabeth Moran, Policy Advocate. (Patrick Dodson for Earthjustice) Tania Galloni, Managing Attorney. (Saul Martinez for Earthjustice) Marvin C. Brown IV, Senior Attorney. (Sergio Flores for Earthjustice) We’re meeting the moment At Earthjustice, we are the lawyers for the environment, and we are taking this administration to court. The scale of attacks from this administration is unprecedented, but so is our response. We are taking more legal actions, hiring more lawyers, and fighting back like never before. We represent our clients free of charge, so your support makes this possible. Give today, and your gift will be matched $2:$1. Match my gift Behind nearly every major environmental win, you’ll find Earthjustice. 15 Offices Offices 220 Lawyers Lawyers 660 Active Legal Cases Active Legal Cases Earthjustice was founded on the belief that everyone has the right to a healthy environment. The law is the most powerful tool for change. When we go to court, we get results. We serve hundreds of public-interest clients, providing top-tier legal representation free of charge — and we win. See our impact 2025: A Year-in-Earthjustice Learn We’re Suing to Stop Arctic Oil Exploration Learn We’re a nonprofit in the business of building a better future. Donate Clean air. Clean water. Wild places. At Earthjustice, we think they’re worth fighting for. Photos at top, clockwise from top left: Advocating for Puerto Rico on Capitol Hill: Laura Arroyo, attorney at Earthjustice; Jasmine Jennings, senior legislative counsel at Earthjustice; and Gabriel Melendez, Director of Public Policy for El Puente . (Matt Roth for Earthjustice) Stu Gillespie, attorney at Earthjustice, defends the Great Salt Lake in court. (Spenser Heaps for Earthjustice) David Henkin, attorney at Earthjustice, in Mākua Valley, Hawai ʻ i. (Elyse Butler for Earthjustice) Kirti Datla, Strategic Legal Advocacy Director at Earthjustice. (Melissa Lyttle for Earthjustice) Elizabeth Moran, policy advocate at Earthjustice, in the New York State Capitol. (Patrick Dodson for Earthjustice) Janette Brimmer and Molly Tack-Hooper, attorneys at Earthjustice, at Pomeroy Dam, prior to its removal on the Illinois River. (Robin Loznak for Earthjustice) About Who We Are En Español Commitment To Justice Sustainability at Earthjustice Annual Reports Victories Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Contact Request for Legal Assistance Get Involved Donate Action Center Email & Text Alerts Renew Your Support Become a Justice Partner Legacy Gift Planning Earthjustice Store Supporter FAQ Member Center Manage Your Monthly Gift Manage Your Email Subscriptions Manage Your Postal Mail Subscriptions Update Your Contact Information View Your Donation History The Law Makes Change Stay informed on how we hold accountable those who break our environmental laws. Sign Up Follow Earthjustice on Facebook Follow Earthjustice on Instagram Follow Earthjustice on Bluesky Follow Earthjustice on Threads Follow Earthjustice on YouTube Follow Earthjustice on TikTok Follow Earthjustice on LinkedIn © 2025 Earthjustice. We respect your privacy . Earthjustice is a 501(c)3 nonprofit. Your contribution is tax-deductible. EIN 94-1730465.