EaseMate AI: All-In-One AI Assistant for Study, Work, and Creativity Merry Christmas! Up to 40% OFF !!! Save Now AI Chat AI Chat Ask AI ChatGPT Free Ask GPT Ask Gemini Ask Qwen3 Ask Claude Ask DeepSeek Grok 4 Free GPT-5 Free GPT-5.2 Free Gemini 3 Free Gemini 3 Flash ChatPDF AI PDF ChatPDF Chat Doc Chat PPT AI PDF OCR AI PDF Viewer AI PDF Insights AI PDF Reader AI PDF Summarizer AI Study & Research AI Study Math Solver Physics Solver Chemistry Solver Flashcard Maker Quiz Generator Geography Quiz Generator AI Note Taker AI Mind Map AI Flowchart Maker Function Calculator AI Writer AI Detector AI Paraphraser AI Humanizer AI Bypass AI Story Generator AI Grammar Checker AI Essay Writer AI Email Writer Love Message Generator Research AI Scholar AI Citation Generator Document Chat Doc Chat PPT AI Writer AI Detector AI Paraphraser AI Humanizer AI Bypass AI Story Generator AI Grammar Checker AI Essay Writer AI Email Writer Love Message Generator AI Study Math Solver Physics Solver Geometry Solver Chemistry Solver Quiz Generator Geography Quiz Generator AI Scholar AI Citation Generator Flashcard Maker Math Homework Assistant AI Note Taker AI Mind Map AI Flowchart Maker Function Calculator AI Photo AI Image Generator Background Remover Watermark Remover AI Image Models GPT 1.5 AI Image Generator Nano Banana AI Image Generator Nano Banana 3D Figurine Nano Banana Pro AI Image Generator Seedream 4 AI Image Generator Midjourney AI Image Generator Flux Kontext Image Generator Qwen Image Editor Hunyuan Image 3.0 AI Image Generator FLUX.2 AI Image Generator Kling O1 AI Image Generator AI Photo Converter Convert to Studio Ghibli Convert to Action Figure Convert Pet to Human Convert Photo to Watercolor Convert Photo to Clay Convert Photo to Illustration Convert Photo to Pixel Convert Photo to Pixar Convert Photo to Lego Convert Photo to 3D Convert Photo to Disney Convert Photo to Cartoon Convert Photo to Cyberpunk Convert Photo to Simpsons Convert Photo to Oil Painting More Styles AI Image Effects AI Face Swap New Yorker Cartoon Generator AI Album Cover Generator Kpop Demon Hunter Filter Pet Passport Photo Generator Labubu Doll Generator Ghibli Generator AI Clothes Changer Virtual Try On Glasses AI Halloween Filter Christmas Tree Generator AI Character Generator Halloween Costume Generator Pet Halloween Costume Generator Zootopia Filter AI Christmas Filter AI Selfie with Celebrities Generator More Effects Nano Banana AI Image Generator Nano Banana 3D Figurine Nano Banana Pro AI Image Generator AI Image Generator AI Face Swap AI Halloween Filter Halloween Costume Generator Pet Halloween Costume Generator AI Character Generator Seedream 4 AI Image Generator Hunyuan Image 3.0 AI Image Generator FLUX.2 AI Image Generator Kling O1 AI Image Generator Midjourney AI Image Generator New Yorker Cartoon Generator AI Album Cover Generator Kpop Demon Hunter Filter Pet Passport Photo Generator Convert to Studio Ghibli Convert to Action Figure Convert Pet to Human Labubu Doll Generator Ghibli Generator Convert Photo to Watercolor Convert Photo to Clay Convert Photo to Illustration Convert Photo to Pixel Convert Photo to Pixar Convert Photo to Lego Convert Photo to 3D Convert Photo to Disney Convert Photo to Cartoon Convert Photo to Cyberpunk Convert Photo to Simpsons Convert Photo to Oil Painting Flux Kontext Image Generator Qwen Image Editor AI Clothes Changer Background Remover Watermark Remover AI Video AI Video Generator Image to Video Generator AI Image Animator AI Video Models Grok Imagine AI Video Generator Sora 2 AI Video Generator Veo 3 Video Generator Veo 3.1 AI Video Generator Kling AI Video Generator Kling 2.6 AI Video Generator Kling O1 AI Video Generator Kling 2.6 Pro Motion Control Runway AI Video Generator Midjourney Video Generator Seedance Video Generator Seedance 1.5 Pro AI Video Generator Wan 2.2 Video Generator Wan 2.5 AI Video Generator Wan 2.6 AI Video Generator Hailuo AI Video Generator Hailuo 2.3 AI Video Generator Wan 2.2 Animate Video Generator PixVerse AI Video Generator AI Video Effects AI Kissing Video Generator AI Bikini Generator AI ASMR Generator AI Muscle Generator AI Hug Video Generator Labubu AI Video Generator AI Private Helicopter Video Generator Ghibli AI Video Generator Face Swap Video Christmas Video Maker More Effects AI Video Editor Video Watermark Remover Video Enhancer Kling O1 AI Video Editor Video to Video Generator Talking Avatar Creator YouTube Video Summary Video to Video Generator Talking Avatar Creator Watermark Remover Video Enhancer AI Video Generator Image to Video Generator Veo 3 Video Generator Kling AI Video Generator Kling 2.6 AI Video Generator Kling O1 AI Video Generator Runway AI Video Generator Midjourney Video Generator AI Kissing Video Generator AI ASMR Generator AI Muscle Generator AI Hug Video Generator Halloween Video Maker AI Image Animator Labubu AI Video Generator AI Bikini Generator AI Private Helicopter Video Generator Ghibli AI Video Generator Face Swap Video Seedance Video Generator Wan 2.2 Video Generator Wan 2.5 AI Video Generator Hailuo AI Video Generator Hailuo 2.3 AI Video Generator Wan 2.2 Animate Video Generator PixVerse AI Video Generator Grok Imagine AI Video Generator Sora 2 AI Video Generator Veo 3.1 AI Video Generator Hailuo 2.3 AI Video Generator Kling O1 AI Video Editor YouTube Video Summary AI Tools AI Translator Image To Text Image Translator Audio to Text Converter AI Meeting Note Taker AI Prompt Optimizer AI Fortune Teller YouTube Transcript Generator All Tools Pricing EaseMate AI: Your All-In-One AI Assistant for Study Work Creativity Powered by leading AI models like GPT, Gemini, DeepSeek, Nano Banana, Veo 3, Sora 2, Kling, etc., EaseMate AI is your all-in-one platform for productivity and creativity. From writing and research to AI image and video generation, it helps you work faster, learn smarter, and create stunning visuals with ease. Study and Work Create Image Create Video Study and Work EaseMate AI makes your studies easier with smart AI learning tools like Math Solver, AI Writer, and more. Its ChatGPT, PPT, and AI Diagrams also help you work more efficiently. Try for Free Study and Work EaseMate AI makes your studies easier with smart AI learning tools like Math Solver, AI Writer, and more. Its ChatGPT, PPT, and AI Diagrams also help you work more efficiently. Try for Free Explore All the Features of EaseMate AI AI Image AI Video AI Chat ChatPDF AI Study AI Writer Chat with the most advanced LLMs to get instant and accurate responses. Try for Free Read, summarize, analyze, and chat PDFs online for free securely and quickly. Try for Free Solve math, physics, or chemistry problems instantly with step-by-step explanation. Try for Free Churn out or improve any text to unleash your writing potential. Try for Free Turn photos into your favorite styles like Ghibli, Disney, Lego, Cyberpunk, and more. AI Image Generator Try It Background Remover Try It Watermark Remover Try It Photo to Studio Ghibli Try It 2D to 3D Try It Pet to Human Try It Nano Banana 3D Figurine Try It Action Figure Try It View More Instantly generate stunning videos from your text, images, or even footage. AI Video Generator Try It Image to Video Generator Try It AI Kissing Video Try It AI ASMR Generator Try It AI Hug Video Try It Talking Avatar Creator Try It Face Swap Video Try It Video Watermark Remover Try It View More Turn Pet Photo into Human Want to see what your pet will look like as a human? EaseMate AI Pet to Human instantly brings your pet photo into a new human persona while maintaining expressions, motions, and other features. Try for Free Change Photos to Hand-Made Paintings Effortlessly add a hand-made painting filter to your images. Swiftly convert your digital photos into high-quality and watermark-free oil paintings, illustrations, or watercolor artwork. Try for Free Transform Photo into Cartoon-Style In just one click, transform your photos into favored cartoon styles, such as Disney, Pixar, Simpsons, and Cyberpunk for free! Step into the spotlight on social media. Try for Free Convert Photo to Ghibli-Style Quickly turn your photos into Ghibli-style artwork with lush, hand-drawn animation and vibrant color palettes. Capture every detail in your images and infuse them with whimsical and magical elements. Try for Free Veo 3 Video Generator Supported by the most advanced AI models like Veo 3, Runway, and Kling, our free AI Veo 3 Video Generator is designed to convert your static text or image into a stunning short video for free. Create captivating cinematic shots, design fun videos for your furry friends, and provide businesses with standout commercial video packaging, and more. Try for Free Text to Video Create videos based on your text inputs. Instantly convert plain text into a compelling video. Just enter your ideas and create visually striking videos to make your content stand out in a crowded digital space. Try for Free Image to Video Turn your static images into vibrant videos in a flash! Our online image to video converter simplifies the process of making heartwarming AI kiss and hug videos, helping you produce content that resonates with your audience. Try for Free Video to Video With our free video to video generator, it will be much easier to transform ordinary videos into visually striking ones. By adding effects, filters, and animations, you can elevate the overall aesthetic of your videos, making them more appealing and shareable. Try for Free All-Around AI Chat Assistant EaseMate AI Chatbot offers all-around solutions that allow to you chat with AI, translate files, write documents, and summarize files in one platform effectively. Try for Free Integrated with Advanced AI Models Seamlessly combine cutting-edge models like GPT, DeepSeek, Claude, Gemini, Grok, and more, so you can get the best answer from different models. Try for Free Collaborate with Multi-Agent You can use chatbox with our other inbuilt agents like AI Summary, AI Writing, AI Translation, AI Search, and so on to enhance your learning and work efficiency. Try for Free Side by Side Available everywhere. EaseMate AI Chat Assistant supports web platforms and browser extensions, ensuring you can easily access it wherever you need AI assistance. Try for Free Chat with PDFs Emerged with a smart AI chat assistant, EaseMate AI ChatPDF can assist you in digging into PDF file content thoroughly. You can chat PDF, ask PDF questions, and get instant answers in a reorganized content form based on your uploaded PDF files. Try for Free Summarize PDFs Read and summarize your PDF content thoroughly with an automatic AI-powered summarizer utility. Efficiently outline key insights without reading the entire document. Try for Free OCR-Powered PDF Text Extraction Empowered with OCR technology and advanced AI models, EaseMate AI ChatPDF can recognize text and words in PDF images and screenshots of PDF files. With a few clicks, you can extract content from your PDF files. Try for Free Handle Multi-PDFs Simultaneously Chat with and summarize multiple PDF documents. When navigating complex information across various files, it improves productivity, making it ideal for academic and professional settings. Try for Free Math Solver Fueled by cutting-edge AI models, our online math solver can generate accurate answers for your math problems in no time. With it, you can quickly correct homework, learn from mistakes, and grasp complex concepts. Try for Free Physics Solver Instantly get step-by-step solutions to physics problems. This free physics solver provides real-time, detailed solutions and explanations. Available 24/7 and completely free, it's perfect for learners at any level. Try for Free Quiz and Flashcard Maker Harnessing cutting-edge AI technology, EaseMate AI Flashcard Maker and Quiz Generator offer a free and handy way to create engaging study materials like flashcards and quizzes in real-time. In doing so, it will enhance memory and improve learning efficiency. Try for Free Video Summary Without any cost or subscription, analyze and digest large video content, delivering concise and accurate summaries that help you grasp essential information in seconds. Instantly extract key insights from any YouTube video now! Try for Free AI Detector Quickly determine if your content is AI-generated and how much of the content is written by AI models. It helps students, business professionals, digital marketers, or content makers to check the originality of target content. Try for Free AI Story Generator Turn your raw ideas into engaging stories for free. With a few seconds, EaseMate AI Story Generator will create a unique story based on the text prompt and parameters you input. Try for Free AI Paraphraser Rephrase your text with different words and sentences in a flash. Strengthen your grammar, expand your vocabulary, and enhance your language fluency by finding synonyms and restructuring your sentences. Try for Free AI Grammar Instead of reading and checking long articles from scratch, it only takes a few moments to spot and correct the spelling or professional terms, inspect sentence structures, and polish your expressions to improve overall clarity and coherence. Try for Free Versatile AI Assistant for Everyone Creator Students Researcher Marketing Create diverse content, like scripts, images, and customized videos. Strategic Market Insights With Ask AI, dive deep into research to gain valuable insights into market trends and user preferences. Innovative Copywriting Design appealing advertisements and social media posts that capture attention. Ads and Posters Produce stunning posters that enhance your brand identity and leave a lasting impression. Client Email Replies Employ AI for efficient user management and deliver prompt, precise replies to emails from your clients. Create Diverse Content Effortlessly write a wide range of content, from novels and poetry to song lyrics and fairy tales with AI. Craft Script and Storyboard Develop unique outlines and a variety of scripts centered around specific themes, swiftly producing film and TV storyboards. Generate Creative Images Generate stylish images and posters with AI to create buzz on social media platforms. Customize Videos Craft unique videos tailored for your loved ones, families, friends, and pets, turning moments into cherished memories! Solve Any Math Problems Instantly identify your math problems and provide step-by-step solutions. Create Interesting Flashcards Generate fascinating flashcards based on your text to enhance memory and learning efficiency. Summarize YouTube Videos Analyze and digest content from online YouTube videos to extract key insights in real-time. Generate Memorable Quizzes Capture essential learning points and create multiple forms of test questions to boost your study efficiency and retention. Decode Academic Reports Read professional essays easily and search for high-quality academic papers online. Thesis Citation Assistant Quickly locate relevant references and simplify the citation process. Paper Writing Helper Obtain the appropriate paper formats for various sectors and create structured outlines. AI Paper Detection Leverage our AI query assistant to verify if your document or report is AI-generated. FAQs of EaseMate AI What is EaseMate AI? EaseMate AI is an all-in-one AI assistant designed to significantly boost your efficiency in study and work. Integrated with the most cutting-edge AI models, EaseMate AI helps you to unlock your creativity in various sectors. Also this tool contains some entertainment features like various AI filters to enrich your leisure time. Can I use EaseMate AI for free? Yes, EaseMate AI provides free access to all users. Each user can enjoy up to 200K AI chat tokens for free per day. For AI image generation, everyone can try to create images via AI with photos or text messages for free one time without registration, and if you sign up, you'll receive 30 free credits, and you can even earn extra credits through daily check-ins, so as to enjoy the fun and fascinating experience in creating and generating images for free. Also, if you want to try AI video generation, you can also give it a free try if you become a registered member of EaseMate AI. How can I access EaseMate AI? EaseMate AI is available both on computers and smartphones. You can access all the AI tools on our platform anytime and anywhere. Just open your browser on any device with an internet connection for a free try! Is my data and privacy safe with EaseMate AI? Yes, sure. EaseMate AI is designed with privacy and data security as core principles. It's powered by enterprise-level encryption and advanced data security algorithms; your data and privacy are fully protected against leaks, breaches, and unauthorized access. EaseMate AI promises that all user data is strictly confidential and will never be used for AI training or shared with third parties without explicit consent. With secure storage, access control, and security monitoring, your information remains private, protected, and under your control at all times. Does content from EaseMate AI contain a watermark? No, EaseMate AI assures you that all generated content, whether documents, images, or videos, is free of watermarks. Can EaseMate AI turn video or lectures into text? Yes, EaseMate AI can help you convert YouTube lectures, meetings, and recordings into accurate text in any language you prefer. All you need to do is turn to the YouTube Video Summary feature for help. Does EaseMate AI summarize long or large documents, like PDF, Word, or PPT? Yes, sure. No matter how many pages your document file has or how big your current PPT, PDF, or DOC file is, EaseMate AI will fully scan, read, analyze, and help you summarize the files at a decent speed. Additionally, you can also draw highlights in the target file, letting EaseMate AI help you transfer and even rewrite the files you uploaded in a fast and accurate way. Can I turn messages or photos into videos? Yes, you can. With EaseMate AI, you can use its AI Image Generator or other AI image generation models like Nano Banana, GPT, Midjourney, Flux, Seedream, and Kling to create stylish images by uploading source pictures or adding descriptive text. Can EaseMate help me with study, research and writing? Students, teachers, professors, and researchers can all let EaseMate AI help them release the stress of learning complex math, physics, financial, and even medical concepts. It can also help you generate some test quizzes, find thesis quotations, and write essays, etc. Can I chat with different AI models within EaseMate AI? Sure, you can chat with any desired AI models for free within EaseMate AI. ChatGPT, Gemini, Claude, DeepSeek, and Qwen 3 are all available here to help you learn, research, and improve work efficiency for free online. If you have any questions, you can directly ask AI models here and get answers instantly. Get EaseMate AI Empower Your Potential and Creativity Immediately Add to Chrome Web App Free Products AI Chat AI Chat Ask AI ChatGPT Free Ask Gemini Ask Claude Ask DeepSeek Grok 4 Free GPT-5 Free GPT-5.2 Free Gemini 3 Free Gemini 3 Flash AI Tools AI Translator Image To Text Image Translator Audio to Text Converter AI Meeting Note Taker AI Prompt Optimizer AI Fortune Teller YouTube Transcript Generator All Tools AI PDF ChatPDF Chat Doc Chat PPT AI Study Math Solver Physics Solver Chemistry Solver Quiz Generator Geography Quiz Generator AI Scholar AI Citation Generator Flashcard Maker AI Detector AI Paraphraser AI Humanizer AI Bypass AI Story Generator AI Grammar Checker AI Essay Writer AI Email Writer AI Note Taker AI Mind Map AI Flowchart Maker Function Calculator AI Photo GPT 1.5 AI Image Generator Nano Banana AI Image Generator Nano Banana Pro AI Image Generator Nano Banana 3D Figurine AI Image Generator AI Face Swap Seedream 4 AI Image Generator Midjourney AI Image Generator Hunyuan Image 3.0 AI Image Generator FLUX.2 AI Image Generator Kling O1 AI Image Generator Convert to Studio Ghibli Action Figure Ghibli Generator Flux Kontext Image Generator Qwen Image Editor AI Clothes Changer Virtual Try On Glasses AI Halloween Filter Zootopia Filter AI Christmas Filter AI Character Generator Halloween Costume Generator Pet Halloween Costume Generator Christmas Tree Generator AI Selfie with Celebrities Generator Background Remover Watermark Remover More Styles AI Video AI Video Generator Video to Video Generator Talking Avatar Creator Video Watermark Remover Video Enhancer Image to Video Generator Grok Imagine AI Video Generator Sora 2 AI Video Generator Veo 3 Video Generator Veo 3.1 AI Video Generator AI Kissing Video Generator Halloween Video Maker Christmas Video Maker AI Hug Video Generator AI Image Animator AI Bikini Generator Ghibli AI Video Generator Face Swap Video Kling AI Video Generator Kling 2.6 AI Video Generator Kling O1 AI Video Generator Kling 2.6 Pro Motion Control Runway AI Video Generator Midjourney Video Generator Seedance Video Generator Seedance 1.5 Pro AI Video Generator Wan 2.2 Video Generator Wan 2.5 AI Video Generator Wan 2.6 AI Video Generator Hailuo AI Video Generator Hailuo 2.3 AI Video Generator Wan 2.2 Animate Video Generator PixVerse AI Video Generator Kling O1 AI Video Editor YouTube Video Summary More Styles About About EaseMate AI Contact US Terms of Service Privacy Policy Blogs AI Solutions AI Resources Language English ©2025 EaseMate.AI.  All rights reserved.