Ease Live · The leading interactive overlays company Home Platform Experiences Monetization Blog Contact Log in The leading interactive overlays company Trusted by the largest sports leagues, broadcasters and content providers, Ease Live powers interactive experiences on top of the stream. Monetize with on-stream ads Boost your ad inventory with contextual display ads on any streaming device, connected to Google Ad Manager. Read more Case study: ServusTV & Red Bull Revolutionizing the viewing experience for UEFA Club and EURO 2024 Competitions ServusTV is Austria's largest private broadcaster, offering live streams of popular shows, news, and sports like Formula 1, MotoGP, ATP and UEFA Champions League. The goal of the collaboration with Ease Live was to further drive audience engagement, increase consumption of content and enable new revenue streams through advertisement. Read more Case study: YES Network Powering interactive content on MLB and NBA live games YES Network uses Ease Live's interactive streaming formats to engage fans during live games for the broadcasts of the MLB's New York Yankees and NBA's Brooklyn Nets on the YES App. Read more Global partnership ATP Media, Play Anywhere, and Ease Live to Deliver Global Interactive Broadcast Experiences ATP Media, the global media and distribution arm of the ATP Tour, announces a multi-year strategic partnership with Play Anywhere. The agreement establishes Play Anywhere and Ease Live as the exclusive provider of contextual and monetizable interactive experiences across all of ATP Media’s broadcast and streaming distribution worldwide. Read more Awards Best in Fan Engagement 3x years in a row We are honoured to have the work we've done with YES Network get recognized with Gold in the Best in Fan Engagement (three years in a row) at SportsPro OTT Awards 2024. Read more Awards LALIGA, Play Anywhere and Ease Live win 2024 IBC Innovation Award for groundbreaking interactive experiences The partnership has revolutionized LALIGA’s global sports broadcast and streaming experience by providing viewers interactive, contextual content through its broadcast and streaming partners, significantly enhancing audience engagement and unlocking new advertising opportunities. The results have been high levels of user engagement and dramatically increased viewing times. Read more Proven results An interactive TV experience radically strengthens the relationship between the viewer and the broadcaster. Increased viewing duration Audience responding to on-stream polls Audience interacting with content 1st party data insights Engaged fans watch 5x longer Fans who engage with interactive content stay up to 5x longer on the streams. Our customers have all seen massive increases in viewing duration times. More about the platform Award-winning interactive experiences Shorten time to market with our ready made packages for NBA, MLB, NHL, NFL, UEFA, LaLiga and ATP. Read more An Evertz company ~ ©Ease Live AS · All rights reserved