Easee electric car chargers – Small. Smart. Full of Power. Easee Products Chargers Services Accessories Find an installer For installers Install Easee Installer app Wholesalers Easee Control Integration partners Asset bank Become an installer Manuals and documents Support Support English Dansk Deutsch English Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk Svenska Search Search Group 2 Created with Sketch. Close Menu Search Products Pluss Chargers Services Accessories Find an installer For installers Pluss Install Easee Installer app Wholesalers Easee Control Integration partners Asset bank Become an installer Manuals and documents Support Support English Pluss Dansk Deutsch English Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk Svenska News and articles Cases About us Career Press room Support Small. Smart. Full of power. Easee electric car chargers Get quote Charging solutions for EVs Arrow right Home charging The Easee  charger is a smart, powerful and safe electric car charger for use at home. Arrow right Apartment blocks Easee makes it easy and affordable to invest in modern infrastructure for electric car charging. Arrow right Commercial charging Are you considering offering electric car chargers to employees or customers? With Easee, you get a flexible, scalable and future-proof charging solution. Why choose Easee? A smart car deserves a smart charger We make electric car charging simple and keep both you and the environment at the heart of our design. Our EV charger will take a place in the power grid of the future and act as a smart electricity valve. A premium product at a competitive price, where all you have to think about is the colour of the unit. Universal 1 X Pluss Easee is one of the best electric car chargers on the market, whether it is for home charging , apartment blocks or larger parking facilities . Colour choice 5 X Pluss We have five different colour covers. All you have to do to change the appearance of your charger is replace the cover on the charging box. Accessories 9 X Pluss Get the most out of your Easee installation with our various accessory products, developed and manufactured in Norway. Installed chargers 900 k Pluss Our products are sold and installed all over Europe. Together with our customers, we are shaping the future of electricity. Arrow left Arrow right Swipe Colour options Where to buy? Manufacturer warranty Installation Support Order now EV Accessories Get the most out of your Easee EV charger with our range of accessories. All our products are developed in Norway and are designed to withstand harsh weather conditions. Check out the accessories Easee App Gives full control over your chargers, whether you are at home or on the go. Easee Charging cable High quality charging cable. Easee Ready With Easee Ready (backplate and blind cover) you can prepare to get a future charging point at low cost. A greener tomorrow At Easee, we are committed to not use more of nature’s resources than necessary, and we currently work on our Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) so that we can continually reduce and improve our footprint. Our products are designed and assembled in Scandinavia and will be an essential part of the future power grid – a power grid that distributes electricity more efficiently and utilises existing capacity in the best possible way. From vision to reality – Easee Impact Report 2024 Read our Transparency Act Report Stroke 1 Copy 10 Our commitments Built to Last We want to be open about our product performance data to allow you to make informed decisions. In this way, we hope to set a new standard in the EV charging industry and that others will follow. Connected Insights Easee Logo Support Manuals Documents Knowledge base System status Press room Owner's club Terms Release notes About Easee About us Career Brand manual Privacy Update consent Community Feature suggestion Developers Integrations Installer Wholesalers Follow us Facebook Instagram Linkedin Youtube Headquarter Vassbotnen 23 4033 Stavanger Norway Our offices Easee ASA © 2026. All Rights Reserved. Design: Studio Oker . Code: Grensesnitt Lukk Arrow left Arrow right Become customer First name * Last name * Company (optional) Email * Type of installation * Not selected Fleet Workplace Residential Apartment Block City * Country --None-- Albania Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Czechia Denmark Egypt England Estonia Faroe Islands (the) Finland France Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Greenland Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Kazakhstan Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxemburg Republic of North Macedonia Malta Mexico Moldova (the Republic of) Monaco Montenegro Netherlands New Zealand Northern Ireland Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation (the) San Marino Scotland Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United States Wales Become installer Fill out the form to the best of your ability, and you will hear from us. First Name * Last Name * E-mail * Mobile Phone * Company * Organization Type * Not selected Automotive Manufacturer Automotive Sales Construction Energy Company Energy Consultant Installer Insurance Operator Public Sector Wholesaler Street * Postal code * City * Country --None-- Albania Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Czechia Denmark Egypt England Estonia Faroe Islands (the) Finland France Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Greenland Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Kazakhstan Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxemburg Republic of North Macedonia Malta Mexico Moldova (the Republic of) Monaco Montenegro Netherlands New Zealand Northern Ireland Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation (the) San Marino Scotland Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United States Wales Number of Employees * Which area are you covering? * How many chargers have you installed in the past 12 months? * We buy from a wholesaler Who is your wholesaler? * Why would you like to be associated with Easee? * Contact us Get a quote Transparency