East Bay Times - Contra Costa and Alameda county news, sports, entertainment, lifestyle and commentary Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 46°F Tuesday, December 30th 2025 Today's e-Edition Home Page News News Latest Headlines Crime and Public Safety California News National News World News Politics Education Health Environment Transportation SiliconValley.com Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Opinion Editorials Opinion Columnists Letters to the Editor Commentary Cartoons Election Endorsements Sports Sports Athletics Golden State Warriors Raiders San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes Bay FC College Sports Wilner Hotline High School Sports Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Golden State Valkyrie Things To Do Things To Do Entertainment Restaurants, Food and Drink Celebrities TV Streaming Movies Music Theater Lifestyle Cannabis Advice Travel Pets and Animals Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Event Calendar Business Business Housing Economy Technology Best Reviews Real Estate Marketplace Branded Content BayArea.com Partner Content Branded Content Paid Content by Brandpoint Advertise Subscribe Log In Logout Get Morning Report and other email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log In Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Get Morning Report and other email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log In Search East Bay Times 46°F Tuesday, December 30th 2025 Today's e-Edition News Local Obituaries Sports Things to Do Business Real Estate Opinion Marketplace e-Edition Trending: East Bay measles case Fatal police chase Commuter fees rise Turkey hunting arrest New Year's cioppino🦐 6 cold-weather hikes Featured Lower PG&E bills expected for electric and gas customers PG&E customers will be able to ring in 2026 with the prospect of lower monthly utility bills. Delete Act: How you can request your personal info be purged by data brokers in 2026 49ers’ Christian McCaffrey battling injury ahead of Saturday showdown with Seattle Immigration Institute of the Bay Area makes citizenship goals a reality New East Bay chai and street-food house juggles charcoal and kettles Latest Headlines Spare the Air Alert issued for New Year’s Day in Bay Area 14 minutes ago Hugh Jackman’s hot chemistry with Kate Hudson causing problems at home: report 4 minutes ago Sharks again hit with injury bug before game against surging Minnesota Wild 2 hours ago San Jose: Man arrested on suspicion of attempted murder Sunday 3 hours ago Angelina Jolie excited to move away from America and Brad Pitt drama 3 hours ago Opinion: Bay Area mayor has yet to fully apologize for antisemitic posts 14 minutes ago Shooting in San Pablo kills one, injures another 3 hours ago Get Morning Report and other email newsletters Sign Up Most Popular Most Popular When do older adults need to go to DMV to renew their licenses? When do older adults need to go to DMV to renew their licenses? Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, ‘shark band’ on ankle Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, ‘shark band’ on ankle Dear Abby: My husband thinks it’s funny to act this way. I just want to run away. Dear Abby: My husband thinks it’s funny to act this way. I just want to run away. Alameda man charged with felony for hunting turkey, authorities say Alameda man charged with felony for hunting turkey, authorities say Harry and Meghan’s Stanford grad publicist quit to ‘save face’ after Kardashian fiasco: reports Harry and Meghan’s Stanford grad publicist quit to ‘save face’ after Kardashian fiasco: reports Measles case confirmed in Contra Costa County Measles case confirmed in Contra Costa County Woman shot in Oakland argument Woman shot in Oakland argument Cats, guns and ICE: 7 new California laws in 2026 Cats, guns and ICE: 7 new California laws in 2026 DUI suspect fatally shot by Brentwood police on Christmas Eve is identified DUI suspect fatally shot by Brentwood police on Christmas Eve is identified Kumar vs. Fligor: It’s Election Day. Santa Clara County assessor candidates make final pitches Kumar vs. Fligor: It’s Election Day. Santa Clara County assessor candidates make final pitches Crime and Public Safety Patriots star receiver Stefon Diggs faces strangulation charges, denies allegations By MICHAEL CASEY BOSTON (AP) — New England Patriots star wide receiver Stefon Diggs is facing strangulation and other criminal charges in connection with an incident that happened earlier this month, police said. News of the charges emerged after a... New California driving laws you should be aware of in 2026 DUI suspect fatally shot by Brentwood police on Christmas Eve is identified East Bay police investigating death of person found injured as homicide Sports Meet the ‘rockstar CEO’ leading Bay Area’s unprecedented Super Bowl-World Cup back-to-back Zaileen Janmohamed is ‘perfect person’ to oversee host committee as Levi’s Stadium becomes first venue to hold Super Bowl, World Cup in same calendar year. Kurtenbach: The Sharks are biting again; that puts GM Mike Grier in a tricky spot WBB power rankings: UCLA, USC, Stanford, Oregon on top Why Steph Curry is primed for New Year’s eve explosion against hometown Hornets Real Estate Did California finish 2025 with booming confidence? Rising confidence, no matter the reason, is an economic positive. New law streamlines housing development process for California’s coastal universities A Bay Area couple turned their home into one of the most sustainable in the nation How a group of investors wronged by Bay Area real estate mogul became ‘God’s answer to our own prayers’ Photos 2025: A look back at Bay Area images that made our year 2025: A look back at Bay Area images that made our year Video: Why celebrities were at the 49ers game Sunday night Where East Bay human trafficking survivors turn for help Bentley, Beans, Shasta, ZZ and Zebrina: East Bay pets of the week Photo Highlights: San Francisco 49ers survive Bear scare Lovers Point shark attack victim identified by watch, ‘shark band’ on ankle Asian Americans for Community Involvement gives Bay Area seniors a new lease on life Show More Photos Scientists are learning how noise affects Bay Area wildlife as they work to conserve wetland birds amid a roaring urban soundscape The ‘surfer’s paradox’ is that their boards can harm the oceans they cherish. A new process is helping to change that. Hawaii travelers, don’t sleep on Kauai What to watch: ‘Is This Thing On?’, ‘Anaconda’ worth holiday trip to theater Omakase: The Bay Area experience in four restaurants Things To Do George Clooney’s French citizenship stirs debate: ‘Good riddance’ or ‘good for him’ To some, Clooney's decision to want to live in France makes sense, but others view... ‘Ned’s Declassified’ alum Tylor Chase back on California street after 72-hour hold The year’s first meteor shower and supermoon clash in January skies Six Flags Magic Mountain is no longer the Coaster Capital of the World Restaurants, Food and Drink Cheese balls are back. How to make this classic party dish cool again Cheese balls might seem cliché, but they can be a hit at any gathering. A New Year's reset with a bowl of cioppino How to get a Michelin-starred three-course meal for $75 After federal prison sentence, feds accuse Nick’s Lighthouse owner of lying to judge Opinion Opinion: Health care in 2025 — chaos, costs and controversy without progress 'This year shook the foundations of America’s public-health architecture and left yawning gaps where trust,... Granderson: Go ahead. Make parenting mistakes. Goldberg: Trump is getting weaker, and the resistance is getting stronger Letters: Eric Swalwell is a great choice for next California governor Business Idaho company recalls nearly 3,000 pounds of ground beef for E. coli risk The recall involves 16-ounce packages labeled “Forward Farms Grass-Fed Ground Beef.” San Jose apartment complex bought for well over $300 million Tesla broadcasts downbeat sales estimates in unusual move Inside the Bay Area factory reinventing restored classic cars like Robert Downey Jr.’s EVs Celebrities House fire kills NASCAR star Denny Hamlin’s dad, badly injures mom: report The father of NASCAR star Denny Hamlin was killed in a house fire that also... Reality TV’s Tony McCollister kept away from allegedly sexually abused dogs Former Miss Universe co-owner gets 2 years in prison for fraud George Clooney is now a French citizen Housing The nine most expensive homes sold in Palo Alto the week of Nov. 24 A house that sold for $4.5 million tops the list of the most expensive residential... Which were Oakland’s best home deals the week of Nov. 24? Danville, San Ramon, Dublin, Pleasanton: In the week of Nov. 24 best deals on homes Which Los Gatos homes had the best prices the week of Nov. 24? Best Reviews Level up with the best Dell desktop computer With a powerful Dell desktop computer at your disposal, you will be able to multitask... The best Canon DSLR cameras anyone can master Best service vests for dogs Add style to your bathroom with the best boho shower curtain Events News Alerts Email Newsletters Today’s e-Edition Mobile Apps Marketplace Place an Obituary Place a Real Estate Ad Lottery Subscribe Member Services Manage Subscriptions East Bay Times Store Archive Search Reprints Sitemap Contact Us Digital Access FAQ Join our Team Sponsor a Group Get Sponsored Access Privacy Policy Accessibility Advertise With Us Special Sections Network Advertising Daily Ads Public Notices Place a Legal Notice Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences California Notice at Collection Notice of Financial Incentive Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group Close