Pinjaman Online Cepat, Bunga Rendah & Resmi OJK - Easycash Beware of Scams: Beware of irresponsible people claiming to be from Easycash! Easycash never asks you to transfer back loan funds via email or SMS for any reason. Click here for more safety tips! Home Borrow Lend About Us Beware Of Fraud FAQ Blog EN / ID Home Borrow Lend About Us Beware Of Fraud FAQ Blog EN / ID Easycash: Over 8 Years of Simplicity Easycash is an online lending platform that is fast and easy to use. We are licensed and supervised by the Financial Services Authority (OJK). Apply for a high-limit, low-interest unsecured loan in just three steps. Get approval within minutes, and your funds will be disbursed in 24 hours. Easycash: Over 8 Years of Simplicity Easycash is an online lending platform that is fast and easy to use. We are licensed and supervised by the Financial Services Authority (OJK). Apply for a high-limit, low-interest unsecured loan in just three steps. Get approval within minutes, and your funds will be disbursed in 24 hours. Simplify your finances with Easycash As a licensed and OJK-supervised Information Technology-Based Joint Funding Service, Easycash connects Lenders and Borrowers through an online platform. Beware of Scams! Click here to learn more about the recent Easycash impersonation scams. Keep your account and personal information safe. Easycash: Over 8 Years of Simplicity Eight years of growing together for a better life. Thank you, Indonesia. Let's keep moving forward together. Easycash: Over 8 Years of Simplicity Eight years of growing together for a better life. Thank you, Indonesia. Let's keep moving forward together. Easycash: Over 8 Years of Simplicity Eight years of growing together for a better life. Thank you, Indonesia. Let's keep moving forward together. Easycash: Over 8 Years of Simplicity Eight years of growing together for a better life. Thank you, Indonesia. Let's keep moving forward together. Who are we? As a technology-based joint financing service institution that has received permission and supervision from OJK Indonesia, we are committed to providing the best services and connecting lender & borrower through Easycash. We also hope to contribute to the development of Indonesia's digital economy. Total Accumulated Borrowers Since Established 9,355,386 Number of Active Borrowers 1,664,621 Number of Active Lenders 4,970 Total Accumulative Loans Since Established Rp 87.99 Trillion Total Outstanding Loans Rp 8.08 Trillion Who are we? As a technology-based joint financing service institution that has received permission and supervision from OJK Indonesia, we are committed to providing the best services and connecting lender & borrower through Easycash. We also hope to contribute to the development of Indonesia's digital economy. 9,355,386 Total Accumulated Borrowers Since Established 1,664,621 Number of Active Borrowers 4,970 Number of Active Lenders Rp 87.99 Trillion Total Accumulative Loans Since Established Rp 8.08 Trillion Total Outstanding Loans Why Choose Us? We are a trusted online lending application with a strong reputation and good corporate governance: Licensed and Supervised by OJK We have been licensed and supervised by The Financial Services Authority (OJK). Member of AFPI We are a member of the AFPI (Indonesian Joint Funding Fintech Association). Cash Loan Apply for a cash loan in just three steps and get verified in only three minutes View more Simple Loan application in three easy steps. High Limit The maximum loan limit is up to IDR 100 million. Transparent No hidden fees. Low Interest Competitive interest rates. Cash Loan Apply for a cash loan in just three steps and get verified in only three minutes Simple Loan application in three easy steps. High Limit The maximum loan limit is up to IDR 100 million. Transparent No hidden fees. Low Interest Competitive interest rates. View more User Testimonials Easycash is an official online lending app trusted by millions across Indonesia Sri Sumiyati Farmer Since 2020, Easycash has been one of the main sources of capital for my farming business. Beware of Scams Beware of scammers impersonating Easycash. Online Fraud Report Center If you have been a victim of fraud, please contact us promptly. Fraud Prevention Education Learn more about common fraud schemes. Anti-fraud Scenarios Strategies to identify real-world fraud cases. Frequently Asked Questions A list of frequently asked questions about Easycash's products and service. View more How to apply for a loan on Easycash? What are the requirements for applying for a loan on Easycash? How can I increase my credit limit? How to redeem your returns after the funding process ends? Frequently Asked Questions A list of frequently asked questions about Easycash's products and service. How to apply for a loan on Easycash? What are the requirements for applying for a loan on Easycash? How can I increase my credit limit? How to redeem your returns after the funding process ends? View more Blog Articles Find financial tips, business ideas, lifestyle news, and the latest updates about Easycash here. View more Kunjungan Mahasiswa Cakrawala University ke Kantor Easycash 24 November 2025 Health Talk: Edukasi Seputar Kesehatan Seksual 03 December 2025 Blog Articles Find financial tips, business ideas, lifestyle news, and the latest updates about Easycash here. Kunjungan Mahasiswa Cakrawala University ke Kantor Easycash 24 November 2025 Health Talk: Edukasi Seputar Kesehatan Seksual 03 December 2025 View more Regulators We collaborate with associations and authorities to build a sustainable fintech industry. Partners We establish partnerships with institutions and companies to enhance our service performance. As Seen On Information and achievements of Easycash have been featured across various national media platforms. Download the App As a licensed and OJK-supervised Information Technology-Based Joint Funding Service. Easycash connects Lenders and Borrowers through an online platform. Contact Us DEA TOWER 2 18-20 FLOOR MEGA KUNINGAN AREA JL. MEGA KUNINGAN BARAT KAV. E4 NO. 1-2, Desa/Kelurahan Kuningan Timur, Kec. Setiabudi, Kota Adm. Jakarta Selatan, Provinsi DKl Jakarta, Kode Pos: 12950 081141500866 Monday-Sunday (08:00-20:00) 1500866 Borrower: cs.pinjaman@easycash.id Lender: cs.lender@easycash.id Easycash Home Borrow Lend About Us Beware Of Fraud FAQ Blog Social Media ATTENTION PT Indonesia Fintopia Technology provides peer-to-peer (P2P) lending platform service under the name “Easycash”. Easycash is licensed and supervised by The Financial Services Authority as an Information Technology-Based Co-Funding Service in accordance with the provisions in The Financial Services Authority Regulation No. 10/POJK.05/2022. Easycash’s Information Technology-Based Co-Funding Service (“Easycash Service”) is a civil agreement between the Lender and the Borrower, so that all forms of risk and legal consequences arising from it are fully borne by each party. Please ensure you understand the risks associated before you use Easycash Service. The Lender is fully responsible for all funding risks of late or default payments arising out of the use of Easycash Service. No national entity or authority is responsible for any such risks or provides compensation for the losses or other consequences arising in connection with this matter in any form. Easycash, with the approval of the respective Users (both Lender and Borrower), may access, acquire, store, administer and/or use the Users' personal data and information ("Data Utilization") on the Users' electronic devices (including smartphones or cellular phones), hardware, software, electronic documents, applications or electronic systems owned by the Users or controlled by the Users, by notifying the purpose, limitations and mechanisms of the data utilization to the Users concerned before obtaining such approval. Lenders who do not have sufficient knowledge and experience in the Information Technology-Based Co-Funding Service are not advised to use this Easycash Service. Borrowers should carefully consider the loan interest rate along with other costs in accordance with the ability to pay off the loan prior to using Easycash. All fraudulent activities will be recorded digitally in cyberspace and may potentially be informed to the public through social media and can be used as legal evidence according to the prevailing laws on electronic information and transactions in the event of dispute resolution and law enforcement. Users should read and understand this information before becoming a Lender or a Borrower on Easycash. The Users' decision to use Easycash Services proves that the Users fully understand this information. The Financial Services Authority is not responsible for any violation or non-compliance by the User (either the Lender or the Borrower), whether due to the User's faults or negligence of the laws and regulations or agreements between Easycash and the Lender and/or the Borrower. Copyright © 2026 PT Indonesia Fintopia Technology. All rights reserved. Download