Fundraising | Charity Fundraising Online | You Spend Online, Brands Donate | Easyfundraising Log in Sign up You spend, brands donate. Sign up to easyfundraising and see your favourite brands donate to the cause you care about whenever you shop with them. Start raising free donations today Join thousands of others raising for good causes Amazon Up to £10.00 donation eBay Up to 0.50% donation Argos Up to 4.00% donation John Lewis & Partners Up to 0.50% donation JUST EAT Up to 15.00% donation Marks and Spencer Up to 1.00% donation Tesco Groceries Up to £6.00 donation Etsy Up to 1.00% donation Booking.com Up to £1.00 donation Moonpig Up to 5.00% donation trainline Up to 15.00% donation Currys Up to 1.00% donation Dunelm Up to 1.00% donation Pets at Home Up to 0.50% donation View all 7,000+ brands How it works We turn your daily shopping into every day magic! easyfundraising partners with over 8,000 brands who will donate part of what you spend to a cause of your choice. It won't cost you any extra. The cost is covered by the brand. Brands pay us a commission because when you start your shop from the easyfundraising website or app, they can see we sent you to them. If you make a purchase, a commission is generated, and we turn that into a donation - magic! More about how it works How to get started Become an easyfundraiser 1 Sign up and choose a cause Search for your favourite cause or choose one of our most popular. You can also change your cause at anytime. 2 Download our browser extension Our Donation Reminder plug-in pops up automatically when you shop to let you know when a donation is available. 3 Track your donations You’ll be able to see how much you’ve raised in your account and we’ll send updates on when your cause gets paid. Get started or Learn more about our donation tools Meet the causes So far we've raised for causes See where the money has gone Want to support a national charity or a cause more local to you? Take a look at which causes are on board. Browse all causes or Register your own cause Our Popular Causes Macmillan Cancer Support £37,210.17 raised 5,452 supporters RSPCA Horsham, West Sussex £22,124.96 raised 2,555 supporters Save The Children City of London, London £12,524.49 raised 2,496 supporters Stonewall City of London, London £2,681.38 raised 380 supporters Mental Health Foundation Bermondsey, London £2,098.18 raised 825 supporters Cool Earth Lower Treluswell, Penryn £1,390.60 raised 315 supporters "Such an easy way to raise money for charity, with no effort. Easy to use website and help available if needed.
Huge choice of charities, the problem as ever is who to support as each and everyone is worthy!" Pat - easyfundraising user "There's quite a few sites similar to easyfundraising. But where this site stands out is it's helpful & quick replies to queries. It is so easy to set up an account & to start saving for a good cause - I've recommended easyfundraising to a lot of my friends, and they're as impressed as I am with the ease of how it works." David - easyfundraising user "I run a not for profit Community Interest Company and shared our cause. Very easy to use, templates ready to share on social media, with direct links to our page and pop up reminders installed for when I was shopping with numerous websites, where I could gain the free donation. Excellent service and a fabulous idea." Stanley - Cause administrator Trustpilot Get donations Browse our brands Browser extension Mobile app Refer a friend easysearch Resources Promote my cause Fundraising ideas Ideas for schools Personal challenges Cause categories Cause directory Cause stories hub Fundraising Expert Policies Website terms Supporter terms Cause terms Cookie policy Privacy policy End user license agreement Advertising disclosure Introducer Appointed Representative About Our history, mission and credentials Who can join easyfundraising Our fees explained Blog Careers Become our partner Help Newsroom Get the app Easyfundraising Limited is a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 04764164 and a registered office at St Chad’s House, Suite 6, Cross Keys, Lichfield WS13 6DN. Easyfundraising Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Support Group (UK) Limited. The Support Group (UK) Limited is a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 04760723 and a registered office at St Chad’s House, Suite 6, Cross Keys, Lichfield WS13 6DN. EASYFUNDRAISING is a registered trade mark of The Support Group (UK) Limited, which along with the copyright in this website is licensed to Easyfundraising Limited. © 2025 The Support Group (UK) Limited. All rights reserved. Good Cause and Retailer trade marks are used on this website under licence from their respective owners.