Register Your .ca Domain Here - easyDNS Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer easyDNS Power & Freedom CALL 1.855.321.EASY (3279) $USD Contact Login SignUp Support Renew Renew Support Login Contact Domains Domain Registration Register Domains Register .ca Domains CIRA TBR Transfer Domains Domain Plus Domain Security Set and Forget DNSSEC™ Registry Lock myPrivacy Protection Price Changes DNS Hosting Anycast DNS DNS Standard DNS Pro Enterprise DNS 30 Day Free Trial DNS Services DYNDNS DNSSEC High Availability DNS Reverse DNS Service DNS Integrations Proactive Nameservers easyRoute53 DNS Pricing DNS Subscription Block Pricing Email Email Products easyMail Premium easyOutbound SMTP Service Email Tools Email Defense Webmail Login Web Hosting easyVPS easyWeb Self-Managed (cPanel) cPanel Plans cPanel Specs Managed Wordpress More Professional Services SSL Certificates & Trust Features Blog About Us #AxisOfEasy Our Guarantee True Stories Help Account Management Domain Management DNS Management easyMail Management Contact EasyDNS Open Account Whois AI Name Generator | Name Variation SEARCH » + .app, .guru, .co, .io, .us, .rocks and more... AI Name Generator | Name Variation Show 'em you're a real Canadian with a .CA, eh Free Unicast DNS and friendly support included Domain Plus - CDN $16.99 DNS Hosting - CDN $39.99 DNS Pro - CDN $62.99 Choosing easyDNS as your .CA registrar gets you: Unicast DNS, Email Forwarding, URL Forwarding, and individual Whois Privacy No long term lock-ins or contracts. You can leave any time, although you will never want to Security: DNSSEC, Registry lock, DNS & Login notifications, 2-factor Auth, and advanced ACLs The absolute best customer support available. Guaranteed! Search The .CA domain name is the official Top Level Domain (TLD) for Canadian individuals, businesses, and organizations. The .CA registry, CIRA, only allows .CA domains to be registered by Canadians or entities with a strong Canadian presence. Who can register a .CA Domain Name? Individuals: Canadian citizen Permanent resident Legal representative Aboriginal peoples Non-individuals: Corporations Trademarks registered in Canada Official marks Associations Trusts Partnerships Educational Institutions Libraries, Archives, or Museums Hospitals Government Registering a .CA domain name is easier than you think. The only extra step is due to the Canadian presence requirement. During the application process, all you need to do is select the CPR category to show your connection to Canada. For more information, please visit our CPR help page . Footer easyDNS Technologies, Inc. Founded In 1998 4243C Dundas St. W, Suite 405 Etobicoke, ON M8X 1Y3 Phone: +1.855.321.EASY (3279) Fax: +1.647.438.6227 support@easydns.com Products & Services Domain Names DNS Hosting Web Hosting Email Hosting SSL Certificates & Trust Support/Help Phone +1.855.321.EASY (3279) Contact Knowledge Base Resources & Tools #AxisOfEasy About easyDNS About Us Blog Our Guarantee Email Hosting Web Hosting © 1998–2025 easyDNS Technologies Inc. · All Rights Reserved Terms of Service Privacy Contact × Login ALREADY HAVE AN ACCOUNT? LOG IN Username Password Login Need an account? | Forgot Password? × Forgot Password FORGOT PASSWORD? WE CAN HELP! Lost or forgotten your password? We can help! All your need to do is answer some questions, and we will assign you with a new password which you can later change to something (hopefully) more memorable. First, you will need to fill in one of the following two fields, and click next. Complete ONE of the following two fields Your easyDNS user name is OR One of your domain names is Next AxisOfEasy Weekly Newsletter Enter your email below to receive a concise, insightful weekly briefing and stay informed about cyberthreats and relevant tech happenings. For the time being you do not have to be an easyDNS member to receive #AxisOfEasy. Facebook This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email Δ CLOSE Get on the #AxisOfEasy List AxisOfEasy Weekly Enter your email below to receive a concise, insightful weekly briefing and stay informed about cyberthreats and relevant tech happenings. For the time being you do not have to be an easyDNS member to receive #AxisOfEasy, however when you subscribe we'll send you a $10 coupon in case you ever decide to try out one of our many web services. Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Email CAPTCHA Δ × Domain Portfolio Inquiry " * " indicates required fields LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Contact Information Name * First Last Phone * Email * Website How can we help? Where specifically can we help? Consolidate registrar to easyDNS Require DNS services Interested in brand protection, web hosting, email or other Please check all that apply Domains under management * Small to medium sized portfolio (10 to 100 names) Large portfolio > 100 domains Commercial portfolio, multiple downstream users (ISP's, webhosts) Please select the use case that most closely describes your situation Tell us more Message Δ X easyCart