 Domain Names | Web Hosting | Dedicated Servers | UK Based | Easyspace Click here for the easyspace callback service Renew Services Support Webmail Blog Control Panel back Easyspace.com Search for a domain name Domain s Names Search for a domain name Domain Names Premium Domains Keywords Bulk Search Search for a domain names Domain Names Premium Domains Keywords Bulk Search Domain Names Search Register and manage domain names easily. From .co.uk to .com and .email to .shop - find the right name here. Transfer Domain Names to Easyspace Move your domain names to Easyspace and take advantage of our expertise, security & great offers. Corporate Domain Management A managed service for clients who require efficient and compliant management of their domain names. Premium Domain Name Search Search for popular web addresses with strong branding opportunities. Domain Name Extensions We can register and manage 95% of the global domain names – including ccTLD’s new gTLD’s. Domain Name Accreditations Easyspace are one of the few ICANN accredited registrars in the UK. AdultBlock The AdultBlock and AdultBlock+ service is a new rights protection blocking service provided by ICM Registry specifically for brand holders. Domain Protect Domain Protect (DNSSEC) Domain Protect (DNSSEC) adds authentication to DNS for increased trust. Find out more Secure Domain Forwarding Ensure visitors can access your site. Find out more Web Hosting Web Hosting Packages SSL friendly UK based Web hosting packages available online, with free domain names and 24x7 UK support. Entry Website Hosting Get started online easily, hosting in its easiest form, with email and a free domain name on yearly purchases. Standard Hosting Host a website with a database, domain name and email with full 24x7 UK based support. Premium Website Hosting Premium website hosting comes free with SSL (HTTPS:), backup & restore, IMAP email, and unlimited storage. Dedicated WordPress Hosting The package comes complete with Backup & Restore, IMAP email all on a dedicated environment. Secure your website easily with a simple click… HTTPS hosting Never lose your files. Secure website backup Email Email Professional email packages from standard POP & IMAP solutions - through to Microsoft Exchange email plans. EasyMail EasyMail, 2GB mailbox as standard. Access email anywhere at any time on desktop, mobile or webmail. Upgrade to our bundles to save money. EasyMail Pro EasyMail Pro is our business-grade email package. Archiving, quarantining folders and multi-site redundancy included. Microsoft Exchange Online Email Feature-rich enterprise-grade Microsoft Exchange. Fully redundant with a massive 100GB mailbox and archiving. Microsoft 365 - Email and Applications Get your favourite Microsoft Office applications on PC, Mac, iOS and Android devices, any time, any place. Email
         Filter - Stop SPAM. Easyspace Mail Filter searches for and blocks spam, viruses, phishing emails and trojans. New! EasyMail Pro Archiving - 5GB Mailbox - Quarantine Management Enterprise-level features EasyMail Pro Microsoft 365 Microsoft 365 for Business Make light work of working remotely. Microsoft 365 Business Basic £5.95 user/month Microsoft 365 Business Standard £10.95 user/month Microsoft 365 Apps for Business £8.95 user/month Microsoft Package Listing A full list of our Microsoft & Office 365 products, with pricing. Office 365 Enterprise For larger companies (300+) who want to harness the power of Office 365. Microsoft 365 Enterprise Empower every employee, from the office to the Firstline worker with a Microsoft 365. Managed Azure The power of the cloud for your business. Move your 365 products to Easyspace Want to move your email to Microsoft 365 or move your 365 to us? We can do that for you... Free Migration 365 to 365 No Downtime Save Monthly Costs Full Awesome UK Support Learn More Get a Website Custom Webdesign Give you idea or business the website it deserves. Built in the UK to your specifications in a matter of
            weeks. Build a Simple Website Get a simple but very effective website online today. Ideal to start getting your idea out to the world. See more websites... Fully Managed Website Design Service Free Consultation - See our website Web design Dedicated Servers New Server Packages Welcome to our new range of servers with a focus of Speed with our NVMe Dedicated Servers, our Eco Servers - and our new servers hosted in Dallas, Texas. Dedicated Server Packages Easyspace Dedicated Servers are quick to setup, with amazing value and a full range of options. Pre-built Dedicated Servers Our pre-build list (updated daily) contains dedicated servers that are ready to go. Dedicated Hardware Firewalls Cisco & pfSense physical hardware firewalls available in our UK datacentres Managed Dedicated Servers From OS updates, security hardening, monitoring and alerting. Secure Server Backup A comprehensive product set for dedicated server backup options. Server Control Panels Our own Control Panel allows KVMoIP, re-boots and full DNS management. Server Hardware and OS A full range of Operating Systems and hardware options. UK Datacentres With 10 state of the art data centres. VPS & Cloud
                Servers Cloud Server Packages Easyspace Cloud Servers all have dedicated resources and are built on a resilient self-healing platform. Virtual Server (VPS) Packages – Linux Spin up a Linux VPS quickly - with full root access and a choice of options including Plesk control panels. Package Comparison Find out the key differences between Virtual Servers (VPS) and Cloud Servers. Server Control Panels Our own Control Panel allows KVMoIP, re-boots and full DNS management. UK Datacentres With 10 state of the art data centres. SSL Certificates More About Easyspace Who we are, where we are and what makes us tick. Network and Infrastructure More information about our self-owned UK infrastructure Customer Reviews Honest reviews from our customer base. Easyspace Customers From small web enthusiasts to large corporate customers Resellers & Partners Resell our web hosting services. Startup Advice Find out what it takes to grow a business online Affiliates - Promote our Services Make money by promoting our services online Contact us Get in touch with us – our address, our numbers. Blog X Facebook Youtube Blog Domain names. Search Now Top Tip: Register your domains for up to ten years, lock this year's price in. Web Hosting UK based Web Hosting from £2.99 Custom Website Design Built and designed in the UK UK Dedicated Servers From £69 per month Cloud Servers With firewall management £19.99 pm Easyspace provides Domain names, Web Hosting, Microsoft 365, Dedicated Servers & UK Support Domain Names only £8.15 /pm Over 500 Domain extensions Free email trial or forwarding Domain Protection & Privacy Full DNS Management - FREE Domain names Domain Names Information Choose your domain names with Easyspace and you will receive a number of excellent benefits including FREE DNS management, access to domain privacy, free email and email forwarding. Easyspace is one of the few ICANN accredited registrars in the UK. We have been trusted for almost two decades to manage domain names on behalf of our customers. Domain names Microsoft 365 only £5.95 /pm Free UK Support Free Managed Migration Full choice of packages Manage easily online Microsoft 365 Microsoft 365 information Microsoft 365 helps you to reduce costs, embrace the cloud, and use powerful business-ready tools across desktops, laptops, and mobile devices. You can access your email, documents, calendar and contacts anytime, anywhere, making it easy to communicate and collaborate Microsoft 365 Web Hosting from £2.99 /pm Business grade UK hosting UK based 24x7 Support PHP 8.2 Secure and up to date Web Hosting UK Web hosting information You've spent many hours nurturing your ideas and your designs and now you need a host who is equally committed to caring for them. We've tailored our hosting to your needs: Simple pricing, simple setup and plain simple advice from our UK support teams - when you need it. Web Hosting Dedicated Servers only £69 /pm UK Data centres - Full control Lowest prices in the UK Latest Operating Systems UK Based Support Dedicated Servers Dedicated Servers - Information Easyspace Dedicated Servers are perfect for designers and agencies and individuals who need reliabile resilience with genuine cost effective products. We offer a full range of ongoing support and management options, from a basic foundation level for more confident customers to an advanced managed service. Dedicated Servers UK Cloud Servers from £19.99 /pm SSD Based - Self-healing Cloud Pay monthly - Pay as you go UK Based Dedicated Cloud FULL control panel Cloud Servers Cloud Servers - Information Easyspace Cloud Servers are built on a resilient self healing platform based in the our UK Datacentres. We offer a full range of Operating Systems, Control-panels and self-management options including Reboots - Re-image and fully loaded Cloud control panel as standard. Cloud Servers Website Design from £299 Full Design Consultation Custom built in the UK - no templates Mobile & Tablet friendly Delivered and online in weeks Web Design UK Website design - Information Easyspace has years of experience offering affordable website design services to businesses and individuals throughout the UK. Every website we build is carefully designed to make your business stand out against your competitors, and is created from scratch by our dedicated, UK-based design and development team. Web Design our mission? To be there when you need us! Domain Name Registrations from £8.15 Easyspace Domain names come backed with the assurance from ICANN - the world body for the governance of Domain names. We host a full range of domain name extensions with domain protection features. Domain Name Registration Dedicated Servers from £69 A full range of pre-built and custom UK based Dedicated Servers. Our Dedicated servers are racked & ready to go and come complete with quick setup ‐ UK Infrastructure ‐ and a full range of options. Dedicated Servers WordPress optimised UK Web Hosting Easyspace operate a dedicated hosting platform just for WordPress users. Complete with a range of features designed to make your website perform the way you designed it. WordPress Web Hosting Get Exchange email and the latest Office apps Set your business free with Microsoft 365. Easy to setup - easy to manage and available anywhere. Reduce your software and email license costs in one simply package. Microsoft 365 "We have a large number of domains that need to be managed to ensure safety and security at all times. Easyspace provide a managed service that provides us with this support." GoCompare.com Why Choose Easyspace? Easyspace are the number 1 choice for uk web hosting Welcome setup calls for new customers. Brilliant talented staff – at your disposal. 10 self-owned UK Data centres & Network. Support staff based in our data centres. UK based - and proudly so. Glasgow Data Centre Click for more info St. Asaph Data Centre Click for more info Manchester Data Centre Click for more info Nottingham Data Centre Click for more info Leicester Data Centre Click for more info Maidenhead Data Centre Click for more info London Data Centre Click for more info Gosport Data Centre Click for more info = Easyspace UK data centre Industry accreditations – ICANN, ISO, PCI etc. Massive investment in web hosting architecture. Over 12 years web hosting experience. Financial stability and transparency. 100% network uptime – 100% Satisfaction. Need more information? Click here for a callback Control Panel Webmail Contact us Chat with us Domain Names Search for a Domain Transfer a Domain Domain Protect Whois Search Facility Web Hosting Entry Web hosting Standard Web hosting Premium Web Hosting WordPress Web Hosting Virtual Servers Build your own VPS Server Compare Solutions SSL Certificates Cloud Servers Cloud Server Hosting Compare Solutions UK Data Centres Dedicated Servers Custom Dedicated Servers Pre-built Servers Server Management UK Web Design UK Based web design WebBuilder Email Hosting Easymail Email Hosting Microsoft 365 Email and Apps Move your email provider Business Startup Advice Entrepreneur Blog Partners Start-up Tools About Easyspace Secret Page Resellers & Partnerships Affiliates Gift Vouchers Contact us Reviews History Price List Work for us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © Easyspace Ltd as part of the iomart group. Easyspace Limited is a
                    company registered in England with company number 03405586. Domain Names, Web
                    Design and Web Hosting Services. All prices exclude VAT
                    (20%) unless otherwise stated. $, € prices shown as a guideline only. Change Currency - GBP (£) USD ($) EUR (€) or contact sales 24/7