Easy Counter: Count web pages hits using only HTML Log in Sign up Countable data behind any site. Recently analyzed sites: westernarmenia.com disneyxd.disney.com.br amazing.tapfiliate.com dsecsv.simdif.com taifcity.gov.sa etraspa.it ochomebuyers.net locksmithdubai.com go2a.com sectionxsportspak.sllboces.org Site facts and metrics EasyCounter can help you learn General Audience Traffic Analysis Subdomains SEO Stats Domain Data Social Engagement Server Info Safety Get a brief grasp of a selected site including review of the key parameters and indicators: site rank, keywords, subject, traffic stats, etc. Discover which countries bring the most traffic to a site. Get a whole picture of an audience for the root domain to learn segments with a higher growth potential for a targeted content. Estimated number of users who visited a site over a period of time, including analytics provided by Alexa and a list of sites with similar traffic stats. Discover subdomains that are getting the most traffic and check traffic share of the requested domain shown in chart. Find out how successful the SEO policy of a given site is: study the most popular keywords bringing users to it, the top outer sites sending clicks to it, and other important SEO stats, including the ‘all-mighty’ Google PR. Discover WHO IS the owner of a selected site. Also, this section shows everything related to domain registration status and dates, like time left before its expiration and availability of similar domain names. See which of the leading social networks are providing the most traffic to a website you analyze. Info on numbers of mentions in different social networks might help you discover a way to attract more visitors through social networks that weren’t yet used. Study the technology stack used to drive a site including its content management system, backend system type and IP address. Get a full safety analysis of a site derived from the trusted web safety control sources. easycounter.com/report/amazon.com Reveal more backend details, history and public stats on any site Updates Whois Server Social Review Compare Explore changes in a selected domain's metadata, including website's description and keywords development. Find out about people and companies standing behind a domain: reveal its current and previous ownership details. Discover a domain's hosting history. Study a domain's social media engagement over the time, explained in numbers and stats for each popular social network. Look through positive and negative reviews on any selected domain to decide whether it is safe for your kids and PC or whether it is trustworthy in terms of business. Choose two sites you want (or use provided site couples) to compare in terms of their key web metrics and get a decent all-round comparison report just in a few moments. updates .easycounter.com/ cnn.com Install Easy Counter on your own website Ever wonder how many people visit your website? Where they're from? What operating system they use? Put one of our free hit counters on your site and you'll have all this information at your fingertips. Easily get all those cool features Count web page hits using only HTML Quick and Easy installation Detailed statistics for your website Create Easy Counter account 1 Register your free account 2 Add the counter code to your website 3 Check your hits! en ru de se fr es it jp Copyright © 2012—2025 EasyCounter.com About Features Services Removal request Terms of service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy