Services ▼
	
About us ▼
	
For conferences ▼
	
Contact ▼
Create a conference
Log in
Publications
Smart CFP
You chair a conference.
We have all you need.
One platform: EasyChair
Request a demo
Contact sales
General questions
Services we provide
Conference management system

From managing program committees to publishing proceedings, our EasyChair system has got you covered. Support from over 4.00 million users and 121,913 conferences show that our professionalism has perfected managing a well-organized conference from scratch.

Learn more ▶

Registration

We can create complex registration forms to support your attendee registration and have you conference registration up and running in a few hours. We can help you accept online payments in 14 currencies. Your authors and reviewers can register using the same environment they used for submission and reviewing.

Learn more ▶

Publishing

Our publishing services range from computing to health sciences (see full list). They provide fast and flexible publication of proceedings and collections in various areas of science. Publication services are integrated with conference management, thus providing a seamless process of submission-to-publication of reviewed content.

Learn more ▶

Smart CFP

Within minutes, you can publish your conference call for submissions and reach our 2 million users. With 1.8 million monthly visitors, your conference is guaranteed to reach your target audience.

Learn more ▶

Smart Slide

Our Smart Slide platform allows authors to publish their slides and users to access and/or download the slides before and after the conference. This facilitates rapid dissemination of research results as the content of slides is easy to acquire in a short time.

Learn more ▶

WEB TRAFFIC: 21M+ PAGES PER MONTH
4,639,913
users
121,913
conferences
21,123
publications
SINCE 2002 ON THE MARKET
Thousands of customers trust EasyChair, including:
Organisations:
Associations/Societies:
North America:
Asia and Oceania:
Europe:
South America:
*Only organizations with over 4,000 users are included in the list.

«By 2010 I had been program chair 20 times, served on program committees of 100+ international conferences and on editorial boards of 7 journals. I believed I knew everything about running a conference and reviewing. I was wrong.
Modern EasyChair encompasses a much larger amount of knowledge based on the feedback from thousands of conferences and different communities. It is the system designed for its users, because the main designer is also one of its main users.»

Andrei Voronkov

CEO of EasyChair, Professor at the University of Manchester and at TU Wien

●●●●●●●●●●●●●●
SERVICES
Conference management
Registration
Publishing
Smart CFP
Smart Slide
Smart Program
ABOUT US
About Us
Contact
Careers
Testimonials
Policy for conferences
Privacy
Terms of service
CONFERENCES
Create conference
Licenses and pricing
FAQ
CONTACT US
Copyright © 2002-2025 EasyChair