Easybrain - Simple Mobile Experiences Cookie preferences About Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics Cookies More Information About Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics Cookies More Information About Cookies Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser that assist us in providing our Services according to the purposes described.
                            A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows our Services or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
                            Some of the purposes for which Cookies are installed may also require the User's consent. Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
                            Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser. Strictly Necessary Cookies Google reCaptcha Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Ireland Limited. These are strictly necessary cookies, provided by the Google reCAPTCHA service used on our “Get in Touch” forms to stop submissions from spammers. Your personal data are used pursuant to our legitimate interests, namely, to prevent fraudulent and abusive activity and to be as effective and efficient when responding to request we receive. For more information see Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google Google Terms of Service – Privacy & Terms – Google Cloudflare Load Balancer The _cflb is a load balancing cookie provided by Cloudflare Inc. to asssit with web traffic filtration, balance traffic loads, manage failovers and support network resource usage. This is a strictly necessary cookie that allows us to re-route our user’s connection request to the website in case of failures to ensure a seamless experience. For more information about the _cflb please visit Cloudflare Cookies · Cloudflare Fundamentals docs Preference Cookies Youtube Our Website may include embedded content from the video hosting site YouTube.
                            We use YouTube's privacy-enhanced mode for the embeds which ensure that YouTube does not collect any visitor data when the page is loaded.
                            For more information, see https://policies.google.com/technologies/types Analytics Cookies We may use analytics cookies to track information on how the Website is used so that we can make improvements.
                            We may also use analytics cookies to analyse our traffic and the performance of the Website. Cookies Used Google Analytics Google Analytics does not collect information that identifies an individual. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en More Information Please click here to learn more about the cookies we use on our Website. Save Accept all and
                    Continue Easybrain - Simple Mobile Experiences Games About News Careers Contacts Easybrain is a mobile game developer More than 2 billion downloads 350 team members Maker of leading brain puzzles Games that relieve stress and stimulate mental activity Portfolio includes Sudoku.com, Nonogram.com, Pixel Art, and Blockudoku Art Puzzle, Pixel Art, and Differences received Google Play's 2024 Editors' Choice Passionate, skilful, data-driven Reliant on proprietary in-house systems and tools People-centric culture with a supportive work environment Games Sudoku.com Classic Logic Game Join millions of players worldwide in Sudoku.com, the ultimate sudoku app for beginners and advanced players. Enjoy the variety of sudoku experiences — keep your brain active, unwind from stress, and relax! See more Killer Sudoku Logic Number Puzzle Explore the fresh take on the classic sudoku! It's a brain-teasing adventure that caters to players of all levels. Get ready to expand your sudoku-solving horizons with Killer Sudoku! See more Nonogram.com Picture Cross Logic Puzzle A classic picture cross puzzle, seamlessly implemented into a handy and sleek mobile game, standing as the most popular Nonogram app globally. Solve nonogram puzzles based on numerical clues and uncover the hidden pictures! See more Nonogram.com Color Logic Game Nonogram.com Color is a fresh take on the classic nonogram puzzle, offering an immersive multicolor experience that will keep your mind engaged. Challenge yourself with this vibrant brain-teasing puzzle now! See more Blockudoku Block Puzzle Blockudoku is a simple yet challenging puzzle game that you won't be able to put aside! Match blocks to complete lines and squares to get them removed in this original blend of Sudoku and block puzzle games. Keep the board clean and beat your high score! See more Pixel Art Color by Number Pixel Art is more than just a coloring. It’s an entertaining way to relax and release your inner artist. Color by number tons of free artworks. Try Pixel Art Camera to create your own. Painting has never been easier! See more Jigsaw Puzzles Puzzle Game Welcome to the colorful world of jigsaw puzzles! Hours of entertainment, tons of fresh HD pictures for you and your family. Make every day relaxing and fun putting puzzle pieces together! See more Art Puzzle Jigsaw Coloring Art Puzzle is a super relaxing and aesthetically pleasing game. It's the unique fusion of two popular genres - coloring books and jigsaw puzzles. Create fun beautiful artwork as you challenge your mind and relax at the same time! See more Number Match Number Puzzle Train your brain with a mobile version of the addictive pen and paper game. Match pairs of numbers, clear the board, and try to beat your high score! Enjoy the magic of numbers anywhere, anytime! See more Differences Find & Spot them Improve your detection and concentration skills to see if you can spot the difference in two seemingly identical images. Enjoy the daily brain adventure and have hours of fun with Differences! See more Crossword Master Word Puzzle Discover Crossword Master, the ultimate turn-based word game! Solve clues, craft words, and compete for top scores while sharpening your mind and enhancing your vocabulary. Become a true master of words! See more Backgammon Board Game Master your strategic skills while playing Backgammon! Roll the dice, think over your next steps and win by removing all your checkers off the board first. Enjoy classic gameplay, challenge yourself and keep your brain active! See more About Founded in 2016, Easybrain is a mobile game developer with more than 2 billion downloads. Advanced expertise in game development, product management, and performance marketing as well as a data-driven approach with extensively powerful in-house analytics, creativity, and excellence in everything we do are fundamental parts of our efforts. We're focused on basics, creating products that stand the test of time. Our games are not only fun to play but help players keep their brains active, exercise logical thinking, and fight stress. In 2021 Easybrain merged with Embracer. In November 2024, it was announced that Easybrain joins Miniclip through a divestment deal. As an independent developer and publisher, Easybrain continues to develop strong mobile game titles and strive towards new achievements. News Easybrain presents a new sorting puzzle with a competitive twist: Color Sort August 29, 2025 We’re pleased to announce our latest worldwide launch! Color Sort is now available for download on the App Store and Google Play. Read more Easybrain delivers a fresh and dynamic number-matching experience: Number Tiles August 29, 2025 We’re delighted to announce Easybrain’s latest worldwide release, Number Tiles! It is now available for download on the App Store and Google Play. Read more All News Careers At the heart of our success are people. We believe that a professional, open-minded, and proactive team can create market-leading products all while having fun. By unlocking the potential of every team member, we are able to stand out in the mobile game industry. If you excel at what you do, join us, and let's achieve new heights together! All Jobs Contacts Limassol Easybrain LTD 335, 28th October Avenue Trilogy Limassol Seafront West Tower, Floor 14 th Limassol, Cyprus 3106 View Map Warsaw Easybrain sp. z o.o. Aleja Jana Pawła II, 22, Floor 2 4 th Warsaw, Poland 00-133 View Map Minsk Easybrain LLC 27A Prytyckaha Street, Floor 15 th Minsk, Belarus 220092 View Map Get in touch Select Subject Customer Support Advertising Partnership Media Inquiry Product Art Puzzle Blockudoku Chamy Differences Drum Pad Machine Groovepad Jigsaw Puzzles Killer Sudoku Nonogram.com Nonogram.com Color Number Match Other Pixel Art Sudoku.com Logic Puzzle Solitaire Klondike Solitaire Spider Platform Android iOS Name E-mail Message send Thank You! Your message has been sent Oops... Something went wrong © 2016 - 2025 Easybrain Privacy Terms Cookie Media