We and our partners store and/or access cookies on your device to provide, measure, analyze, and improve our service. To manage your cookie preferences, click here. For more information or to change your preferences at any time go to the Cookie Policy.

GAMES
ABOUT
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACTS
Reliant on proprietary in-house
systems and tools
People-centric culture with
a supportive work environment
Easybrain is
a mobile game developer
More than
2 billion downloads
350 team members
Maker of leading
brain puzzles
Games that relieve stress and
stimulate mental activity
Portfolio includes
Sudoku.com, Nonogram.com,
Pixel Art, and Blockudoku
Art Puzzle, Pixel Art, and Differences
received Google Play's
2024 Editors' Choice
Passionate, skilful,
data-driven
Reliant on proprietary in-house
systems and tools
People-centric culture with
a supportive work environment
Easybrain is
a mobile game developer
More than
2 billion downloads
Games
Sudoku.com
Classic Logic Game

Join millions of players worldwide in Sudoku.com, the ultimate sudoku app for beginners and advanced players. Enjoy the variety of sudoku experiences — keep your brain active, unwind from stress, and relax!See more 

Killer Sudoku
Logic Number Puzzle

Explore the fresh take on the classic sudoku! It's a brain-teasing adventure that caters to players of all levels. Get ready to expand your sudoku-solving horizons with Killer Sudoku!See more 

Nonogram.com
Picture Cross Logic Puzzle

A classic picture cross puzzle, seamlessly implemented into a handy and sleek mobile game, standing as the most popular Nonogram app globally. Solve nonogram puzzles based on numerical clues and uncover the hidden pictures!See more 

Nonogram.com Color
Logic Game

Nonogram.com Color is a fresh take on the classic nonogram puzzle, offering an immersive multicolor experience that will keep your mind engaged. Challenge yourself with this vibrant brain-teasing puzzle now!See more 

Blockudoku
Block Puzzle

Blockudoku is a simple yet challenging puzzle game that you won't be able to put aside! Match blocks to complete lines and squares to get them removed in this original blend of Sudoku and block puzzle games. Keep the board clean and beat your high score!See more 

Pixel Art
Color by Number

Pixel Art is more than just a coloring. It’s an entertaining way to relax and release your inner artist. Color by number tons of free artworks. Try Pixel Art Camera to create your own. Painting has never been easier!See more 

Jigsaw Puzzles
Puzzle Game

Welcome to the colorful world of jigsaw puzzles! Hours of entertainment, tons of fresh HD pictures for you and your family. Make every day relaxing and fun putting puzzle pieces together!See more 

Art Puzzle
Jigsaw Coloring

Art Puzzle is a super relaxing and aesthetically pleasing game. It's the unique fusion of two popular genres - coloring books and jigsaw puzzles. Create fun beautiful artwork as you challenge your mind and relax at the same time!See more 

Number Match
Number Puzzle

Train your brain with a mobile version of the addictive pen and paper game. Match pairs of numbers, clear the board, and try to beat your high score! Enjoy the magic of numbers anywhere, anytime!See more 

Differences
Find & Spot them

Improve your detection and concentration skills to see if you can spot the difference in two seemingly identical images. Enjoy the daily brain adventure and have hours of fun with Differences!See more 

Crossword Master
Word Puzzle

Discover Crossword Master, the ultimate turn-based word game! Solve clues, craft words, and compete for top scores while sharpening your mind and enhancing your vocabulary. Become a true master of words!See more 

Backgammon
Board Game

Master your strategic skills while playing Backgammon! Roll the dice, think over your next steps and win by removing all your checkers off the board first. Enjoy classic gameplay, challenge yourself and keep your brain active!See more 

About

Founded in 2016, Easybrain is a mobile game developer with more than 2 billion downloads.

Advanced expertise in game development, product management, and performance marketing as well as a data-driven approach with extensively powerful in-house analytics, creativity, and excellence in everything we do are fundamental parts of our efforts.

We're focused on basics, creating products that stand the test of time. Our games are not only fun to play but help players keep their brains active, exercise logical thinking, and fight stress.

In 2021 Easybrain merged with Embracer. In November 2024, it was announced that Easybrain joins Miniclip through a divestment deal. As an independent developer and publisher, Easybrain continues to develop strong mobile game titles and strive towards new achievements.

News
Easybrain presents a new sorting puzzle with a competitive twist: Color Sort
August 29, 2025

We’re pleased to announce our latest worldwide launch! Color Sort is now available for download on the App Store and Google Play.

Read more
Easybrain delivers a fresh and dynamic number-matching experience: Number Tiles
August 29, 2025

We’re delighted to announce Easybrain’s latest worldwide release, Number Tiles! It is now available for download on the App Store and Google Play.

Read more
ALL NEWS
Careers

At the heart of our success are people. We believe that a professional, open-minded, and proactive team can create market-leading products all while having fun. By unlocking the potential of every team member, we are able to stand out in the mobile game industry. If you excel at what you do, join us, and let's achieve new heights together!

ALL JOBS
Contacts
Limassol

Easybrain LTD
335, 28th October Avenue
Trilogy Limassol Seafront
West Tower, Floor 14th
Limassol, Cyprus 3106

View Map
Warsaw

Easybrain sp. z o.o.
Aleja Jana Pawła II, 22, Floor 24th
Warsaw, Poland 00-133

View Map
Minsk

Easybrain LLC
27A Prytyckaha Street, Floor 15th
Minsk, Belarus 220092

View Map
Get in touch
Select Subject
Name
E-mail
Message
SEND
© 2016 - 2025 Easybrain
PRIVACY
TERMS
COOKIE
MEDIA