EasyEDA - Online PCB design & circuit simulator Product Pricing Services Help Certificate OSHWLAB OSHWLAB Tutorials English English 中文(简体) français português español ไทย العربية Nederlands Czech עברית tiếng việt русский italiano polski Afrikaans فارسی Deutsch Login | Register Online Editor(Pro Edition) Online Editor(Std Edition) Client Download Education Edition On Premises Hosting Open Source Hardware - OSHWLAB Component Purchasing - LCSC Development Kits Purchase - EasyEDA OpenKits PCB Prototyping - JLCPCB PCB Layout Service - JLCPCB 3D Printing - JLC3DP CNC Machining - JLCCNC Mechanical Components - JLCMC Tutorials(Pro Edition) Tutorials(Std Edition) Update Record(Pro Edition) Update Record(Std Edition) Forum English 中文(简体) Easy-to-use & Free PCB Design Software Serving 5.33 million engineers worldwide with professional features Design online Download Improve Design Efficiency in Business and Accelerate Innovation The world's first EDA software vendor with a full supply chain solution Project Management EasyEDA team collaboration lets you easily manage your project and team members, and by leveraging cloud-based platform, you can effortlessly manage your design data in a secure space. System Integration EasyEDA integrates with PLM, OA, ERP, and PDM systems. Synchronized BOM and manufacturing files to ensure real-time access and matching of material and supply chain data. Efficient Manufacturing We offer a one-click ordering service, automatically matching manufacturing files and delivering your PCBs with professional service. One Interface, Endless Creativity Schematic Capture PCB Design 3D Preview Schematic Capture Our powerful schematic editor supports complex designs with over 500 sheets and 100,000 pins. With Easy-to-use components selection tool, millions of free libraries that include symbols, footprints, and 3D models, along with real-time inventory and pricing, and flexible module design, our tool streamlines your design process, helping you design faster and easier. PCB Design Supports complex projects with over 5,000 components or 10,000 pads. Powerful interactive Routing, one-click placement of blind and buried vias, Via Stitching and browser extension support. Our intuitive visualization tools and rules-based routing simplify layout tasks, and optimize routing and component placement of the PCB to ensure that it operates as intended and can be manufactured efficiently. 3D Visualization Our unified user interface offers both 2D and 3D PCB visualizations, along with a Gerber file viewer for effortless inspection. The native 3D graphics offer a vivid mechanical layout presentation, with instant 3D preview updates after any PCB adjustment. Unique Features and Services of EasyEDA Flexible Work Team Work Advanced Library Management Layout Services Flexible Work Cloud-Based New interface, web-based tool, high efficiency, no need to download. AWS ensures data security. Desktop Client EasyEDA desktop client has offline and semi-offline modes that support local storage of all projects. On Premises Hosting Data is securely stored on dedicated enterprise servers, enabling support for a larger enterprise user base and ensuring rapid processing and storage of vast amounts of data. Multi-platform Compatibility Supports AMD64, SW_64, ARM64, LoongArch64, and other CPU architectures. Team Work Team Role Team roles are categorized as Managers, Developers, and Observers, streamlining tasks and boosting security through clear role definitions. Team Data All project data, including projects, libraries, and models, will be owned by the team and can be uploaded as team documents. Real-time Control Manage team members and data in real-time. You can easily view all team project status and logs in the workspace. Efficient Co-Design Allow multiple designers to collaborate effortlessly from any location or device, empowering teams to comment on designs and enhance teamwork effectiveness. Advanced Library Management Device Manager Easily replace components using the Device Manager, allowing for quick modification of component properties and standardized BOM output. Component Request for Free If you can't find the components you need in the library, submit a request and EasyEDA will create the library drawings for you free of charge. Device Standardized Visualization tools help users check component information and manage BOM in real-time. Whether updating or replacing, the components used in the project are clear at a glance. ERP/PLM Data Connection EasyEDA allows connecting to ERP/PLM systems. You can use PLM's real-time material data, such as price, inventory, etc., to complete the parts selection during the design process. Layout Services Design Visualization View the progress of designs anytime, intuitive and clear. Competitive Price Enjoy competitive pricing at $0.5 per pin, a project with 3000 pins can be completed within 5 days. Also supports PCB layout designs with over 100,000 pins. Support for Complex Designs Supports high-frequency, high-speed, FPC, and high power PCB design. 3D Model Library Use EasyEDA design to swiftly generate a free 3D structure of your PCB, streamline the structural design process, and export STEP files quickly. Data Security Secure your designs with AES encryption, prevent data leaks, and protect project data with multiple backups and disaster recovery. Explore Why EasyEDA is Globally Recognized Reliable 13 years of development Security Cloud-based platform hosted by AWS Integration One-stop experience Support Dedicated customer service Editor Version × recommended Pro Edition Brand new interactions and interfaces. Smooth support for design sizes of over 3W devices or 10W pads. More rigorous design constraints, more standardized processes For enterprises, more professional users. Std Edition Easy to use and quick to get started. The process supports design scales of 300 devices or 1000 pads. Supports simple circuit simulation. For students, teachers, creators. Workspace × User Personal Workspace Unleash creativity, start design now. Design online Download Product Online Editor(Pro Edition) Online Editor(Std Edition) Client Download Education Edition On-Premises-Hosting Services Prototyping - JLCPCB Component Purchasing - LCSC Open Source Hardware- OSHWLab Policy Terms Legal Privacy Policy Contribute Thanks Help Tutorials (Pro Edition) Tutorials (Std Edition) Edition Update History (Pro Edition) Edition Update History (Std Edition) Forum About Us About Team Contact Us 粤公网安备 44030402002736号 粤ICP备13005967号 © 2025 EasyEDA All rights reserved ISO/IEC 你现在访问的是EasyEDA海外版，建议访问速度更快的国内版 https://lceda.cn(需要重新注册) 如果需要转移工程请在个人中心
    - 工程 - 工程高级设置 - 下载工程，下载后在 https://lceda.cn/editor 打开保存即可。 联系我们： https://docs.lceda.cn/cn/FAQ/Contact-Us/index.html 不再提醒 svg-battery svg-battery-wifi svg-books svg-more svg-paste svg-pencil svg-plant svg-ruler svg-share svg-user easyEDAlogo svg-logo-cn svg-double-arrow -mockplus- -mockplus- -mockplus- -mockplus- -mockplus- -mockplus- -mockplus- -mockplus-@1x -mockplus- Cookie Notice Our website uses essential cookies to help us ensure that it is working as expected, and uses optional analytics cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. To find out more, read our Cookie Notice Accept all cookies Accept only essential cookies