AboutSupportLicensing
AboutSupportLicensing
DON'T BEAR WITH THE CHEATERS
Easy Anti-Cheat is the industry-leading anti-cheat service, countering hacking and cheating in multiplayer PC games through the use of hybrid anti-cheat mechanisms.
Anti-cheat made easy

Easy Anti-Cheat™ is the industry-leading anti-cheat service, countering hacking and cheating in multiplayer PC games through the use of hybrid anti-cheat mechanisms.

Pioneering security

Easy Anti-Cheat counters the root cause of cheating with industry-leading prevention techniques. Our approach is constantly evolving, which results in fewer hacking attempts, no false positives, and a healthier, more enjoyable community.

Premium experience

Our mission is to keep games fun. Easy Anti-Cheat is non-invasive and trusted industry-wide. Experience your favourite games the way they were meant to be experienced by complementing your security efforts with established technology and practices.

Expert team

With over a decade of experience in developing anti-malware technology, the team has the industry-leading level of expertise. During the game's entire life cycle, Easy Anti-Cheat helps you keep cheaters at bay.

Easy protected games

From gamers, for gamers

Being devoted gamers, we strongly believe in the value of clean game experiences. We favor a positive approach in which every player is valued and endless ban lists are not a default.

Believing in the positive

Being devoted gamers, we strongly believe in the value of clean game experiences. We favor a positive approach in which every player is valued and endless ban lists are not a default.

Watch our GDC 2023 video below for further insight in our believes and approach.

Watch video
Easy is part of epic

Easy Anti-Cheat is part of Epic Online Services. As part of EOS, we're making it easier and faster for developers to successfully manage and scale high-quality games.

Learn more about Epic Online Services by visiting the link below.

Visit Epic
Prevention beats the cure

The traditional mass-penalization approach does not deliver long-term sustainable results and only divides communities. We're strong believers in cheat prevention being the most effective tool to establish a shift in the player's mindset.

With an ongoing focus on prevention, we don't accept anti-cheat solutions should by default be privacy invasive.

Read about privacy
License Easy Anti-Cheat

Secure your game with the industry defining anti-cheat solution.

Learn more
Looking for support?

Browse our Knowledge Base for instant answers to frequently asked questions, or send us your message.

Go to support page
LicensingSupport
Epic Games StoreServicesUnreal Engine
Back to top

© 2004-2024, Epic Games, Inc. All rights reserved. Easy Anti-Cheat and its logo are Epic's trademarks or registered trademarks in the US and elsewhere.
We expect everyone to follow our rules and guidelines to keep the Epic Games ecosystem safe and fun for everyone. We encourage everyone to report potentially inappropriate content and conduct. If you would like to submit a report, you can do so here.

Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy