Encyclopedia Britannica | Britannica Explore Search Britannica Click here to search Search Britannica Click here to search SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Login https://premium.britannica.com/premium-membership/?utm_source=premium&utm_medium=nav-login-box&utm_campaign=evergreen SUBSCRIBE History & Society Science & Tech Biographies Animals & Nature Geography & Travel Arts & Culture ProCon Money Games & Quizzes Videos On This Day One Good Fact Dictionary New Articles History & Society Lifestyles & Social Issues Philosophy & Religion Politics, Law & Government World History Science & Tech Health & Medicine Science Technology Biographies Browse Biographies Animals & Nature Birds, Reptiles & Other Vertebrates Environment Fossils & Geologic Time Insects & Other Invertebrates Mammals Plants Geography & Travel Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Entertainment & Pop Culture Literature Sports & Recreation Visual Arts Image Galleries Podcasts Summaries Top Questions Britannica Kids Search Britannica Click here to search Ask the Chatbot Games & Quizzes History & Society Science & Tech Biographies Animals & Nature Geography & Travel Arts & Culture ProCon Money Videos Trending U.S. & Venezuela Beyoncé Somaliland Caroline Kennedy 2026 Tax Brackets Brigitte Bardot Bayeaux Tapestry Sir Idris Elba December 30, 2025 In a Theater near You Blockbuster films are often released around the holidays, and this year’s crop is no exception, offering something for everyone. The comedy Marty Supreme , starring Timothée Chalamet , is receiving rave reviews, while the third installment of James Cameron ’s epic Avatar franchise topped box-office sales for the past two weeks. Younger audiences have their pick between Zootopia 2 , David , and the latest SpongeBob SquarePants movie. For the literary-minded there’s Chloé Zhao ’s critically acclaimed Hamnet , a speculative account of William Shakespeare ’s life. And if you’re looking for jump scares, the thriller The Housemaid , starring Sydney Sweeney , and the comedy Anaconda , starring Jack Black and Paul Rudd , have kept audiences on their toes. Who Is the Film Marty Supreme Based On? © Neville Elder—Corbis/Getty Images Avatar: Fire and Ash Continues to Dominate the Seasonal Box Office © 2025 Lightstorm Entertainment/20th Century Studios The Rest Is Speculation: Hamnet and the Question of Historical Accuracy © 2025 Hera Pictures/Neal Street Productions/Amblin Entertainment/Book of Shadows/Amblin Partners/Focus Features/Universal Pictures Discover More How Tall Was Goliath in the Bible? Are Anacondas Really as Scary as the Films Make Them Seem? New Life The world was treated to a number of new plant and animal discoveries in 2025. Some of the notable finds include the sun-shaped sea anemone Endolobactis simoesii from the waters off of the Atlantic coast of Mexico’s Yucatán Peninsula and the mouse opossum Marmosa chachapoya from the Parque Nacional Rio Abiseo in Peru . Other species included the giant whip scorpion Mastigoproctus spinifemoratus , the Congo suckermouth catfish Chiloglanis wagenia , and a new member of the daisy family Asteraceae called the woolly devil ( Ovicula biradiata ). Ovicula biradiata The woolly devil ( Ovicula biradiata , pictured below), which was named for its fuzzy covering, was the U.S. National Park Service ’s first new plant genus since the mid-1970s. Arctostaphylos nipumu A new manzanita shrub (pictured below) from California is resistant to wildfires. Mastigoproctus spinifemoratus This intimidating-looking type of giant whip scorpion measures up to 4 inches (10 cm) long and was announced in January 2025. This arachnid hails from eastern Mexico . Debra Manley—Big Bend National Park/NPS, Abbo T, Stickrod MA, et al (2025) Investigating a hybrid mixed population leads to recognizing a new species of Arctostaphylos (Ericaceae). PhytoKeys 251: 119-142 New on Britannica 2025: The year in review In 2025 a number of countries installed new national leaders, while armed conflicts heightened global instability. Are Olympic medals made of gold? For athletes, winning a gold medal is priceless. But are the medals worth their weight in gold? Why is Bollywood film Dhurandhar controversial? The thriller, which was one of the best-performing Bollywood films of 2025, has polarized audiences. North Sentinel Island Located in the Bay of Bengal , it is home to one of the world’s most isolated tribes—and illegal to visit. Investing Trading Retirement Household Finance Finance & the Economy Companies Santa Claus rally: A seasonal pop with surprising consistency Netflix, Paramount, and the battle for Warner Bros. Discovery Risk-on vs. risk-off: How market mood moves money What is a Trump account? Tax-advantaged investment accounts for children Popular ProCon Debate Topics Santa Claus Is There Really a Santa Claus? New Year’s Resolutions Are New Year’s Resolutions Helpful? A Current Affairs Program For Students & Nonstudents Cell Phones in Schools Should Cell Phones Be Banned in Schools? Featured Games See All Quordle Can you solve four words at once? Reunion - NEW A daily word puzzle Revealed Uncover something interesting Tightrope A daily trivia game Blossom Pick the best words Octordle The party starts at eight Pilfer A delightful ruthless word game The Missing Letter A daily crossword with a twist Games Newsletter Get free tips, tricks, and teases in your inbox Twofer Goofer Think you know it, poet? Victordle Play head-to-head! Sudoku Your daily logic challenge Trending Quizzes See All Quizzes Where in America is That? Crisscross the U.S. by placing these famous landmarks. From Athena to Zeus: Basics of Greek Mythology Do you know which hero took a dip in the River Styx? Or what mysteries lurk inside the Labyrinth? Ultimate Animals Quiz What is a rattlesnake’s rattle made of? What animals can go over 180 miles an hour? Guess the Language! Quiz Can you recognize a language by its greeting? Best Picture Movie Quote Quiz Take this quiz or you may regret it. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life. American Civil Rights Movement Quiz Test your knowledge of Americans’ tumultuous fight to end racial segregation and discrimination. Name That Thing: Tools A handy quiz to test your tool acumen. The Dog Breed Quiz Find out which breed can outrun a cheetah, which breed was created by monks, and much more. Baking and Baked Goods Quiz You may have a sweet tooth, but how much do you know about baking and baked goods? Test your knowledge with this quiz. First Ladies of the United States Quiz They have been hostesses, helpers, advisers, gatekeepers, guardians, confidantes, and sometimes formidable powers behind... Featured Videos See All Videos O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree: Why Do We Deck Thy Branches? Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. O Christmas Tree, O Christmas Tree: Why Do We Deck Thy Branches? Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. Why Is Christmas on December 25? Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. What is the Meaning of Kwanzaa? Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. When Christmas Became Illegal Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. How Gingerbread Became a Christmas Treat Britannica Premium Subscription Unlock Exclusive Content! Britannica's content is among the most trusted in the world. Subscribe to Britannica Premium and unlock our entire database of trusted content today. Subscribe Now! Explore Britannica History & Society How the Opioid Crisis Devastated Families and Communities How Women with Military Backgrounds Are Changing Politics Science & Tech How Do Black Holes Really Work? Are There Really Right-Brained and Left-Brained People? Biographies Deaths in 2025 Jasmine Crockett Animals & Nature Animals That Turn White in Winter 8 of the World's Most Famous Animals Geography & Travel Mini Monarchies: 6 Small Kingdoms Where Is "Old" Zealand? Arts & Culture 10 Must-Read Modern Poets Regency Dress Calculators Mortgage Payment Calculator Estimate your monthly mortgage payments with our free mortgage calculator. Account for interest rates, compound
    frequency and pay back schedule. Compound Interest Calculator Compounding means getting returns on your previous returns plus your initial investment. Learn how to grow your
    savings with our compound interest calculator. Percentage Increase Calculator Calculate the increase from one value to another with our free percentage increase calculator. Evaluate population
    growth, inflation, stock values and more. Retirement Income Calculator Are you on track for retirement? Use our free retirement calculator to help determine how much you'll need to save
    each year to retire at your desired age. Time Value of Money (TVM) Calculator The time value of money (TVM) principle asserts that the same amount of money is worth more now than in the future.
    Use our TVM calculator to estimate future value, present value & more. More From Britannica ProCon Award-winning ProCon promotes critical thinking, education, and
                            informed citizenship by presenting the pro and con arguments to controversial issues in a
                            straightforward, nonpartisan, freely accessible way. Britannica Money Discover all you need to know about retirement, investing, and
                            household finance, without the jargon or agenda. Get reliable guidance, insight, and
                            easy-to-understand explanations, written, edited, and verified to Britannica’s exacting
                            standards. Advocacy for Animals Presenting Advocacy for Animals , a blog focused primarily
                            on animal rights, wildlife conservation, environmental health and safety, and the legal and
                            cultural issues related to these topics. This blog is a source of information and a call to
                            action. It is meant to be a provocation and a stimulus to thought regarding humanity’s
                            relationship with nonhuman animals. Alain Elkann Interviews Alain has been writing a weekly interview column for the Italian
                            newspaper La Stampa since 1989. His interviews celebrate some of the best known and
                            successful personalities of the present day. Our Sites Britannica Kids Merriam-Webster School & Library Melingo Britannica Books Escola Britannica English-Arabic Nglish Sp-En Translation Britannica Merch International Australia Brazil China India Japan Latin America United Kingdom Content & Editorial Encyclopaedia Britannica's Syndication API International Publishing Site Map New Articles Stay Connected Facebook X YouTube Instagram About Us & Legal Info Advertising Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Equal Opportunity ©2025 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.