The best payment solutions for emerging markets | EBANX Solving payments for ↪ global brands in emerging markets +500 global merchants trust EBANX. Meet some of them: Get Started a powerful and exclusive payments platform for a global operation Reach more customers and simplify your expansion through an ever-evolving payments platform which is at the forefront of technology to deliver superior payments performance, expanded coverage, and premier service level. Cross-border payment solutions To easily access new markets and reach a broader customer base in rising markets. 20+ countries and 200+ payment methods Available with advanced capabilities for diverse currencies across LATAM, Asia & the Middle East-Africa. 100+ regional partners Besides having the highest number of direct connections with local payment players in rising markets, we are constantly auditing and monitoring our partners to ensure a robust payment ecosystem. Simplified operations With a world-class support team in different time zones and a single integration to accelerate go-live. Instant go-to-market and maximum security We help you navigate and deal with local regulations for a faster go-to-market while providing a smart fraud and risk management solution. +10.2 pp uplift in approval rates of our merchants. 97% conversion on QR code Pix transactions — that’s what EBANX achieves with its streamlined payment flows. +27 pp average uplift in conversion rates for cash/voucher payments. Commitment to innovation We deliver innovative payment solutions and exclusive features to address merchants' current and future needs. A trustworthy partner in rising markets EBANX has a 11-year track record of leading cross-border payments in emerging markets, including LATAM and, more recently, Asia and the Middle East-Africa, with a fully licensed and audited business and financial structure. *Data collected between 2021-2022 from EBANX top merchants. Numbers may vary according to the country and industry. Get Started Why choose EBANX deep local expertise combined with a ↪ comprehensive payment portfolio The EBANX platform has a proprietary back-end infrastructure and more than a decade of local experience building optimal business architectures and solutions in rising markets while being at the forefront of the payments industry. Pay-in & Payout Rely on a full-circle payments operation to manage funds from pay-in to payouts. EBANX offers the most relevant payment methods for online purchases, including alternative and one-click options, as well as the flexibility to choose between international, domestic, or hybrid settlement according to your operation. On the same platform, make payments, whether in single or mass payouts, both locally and internationally and also take advantage of our exclusive micropayments capability. Learn more B2B Payments and High Value Transactions EBANX exclusivity Efficiently process B2B payments and high-value transactions without the need for SWIFT and manual invoicing. Avoid unnecessary fees and save by automatically processing pre-approved order invoices ranging from $10,000 to $100,000 securely and at scale. Learn more Recurring Payments Grow and retain your subscribers base with our Recurring Payments solution that includes local currency and alternative payment method acceptance, unified reconciliation, smart retry logic, tokenized credit card payments, acquiring redundancy, and analytic support showing the best dates and times to bill your customers. Learn more Innovative Solutions to Fit your Business EBANX leads in providing alternative payment methods like digital wallets, instant payments, mobile money, and vouchers. We have also advanced card capabilities and a state-of-the-art anti-fraud solution equipped with AI to identify, prevent, and manage fraud and risks in emerging markets. Explore EBANX for seamless payment processing in high-growth markets. Explore our payment solutions Get Started built-to-fit solutions for digital driven industries SAAS & Cloud Solutions for Saas Gaming Solutions for Gaming Streaming Solutions for Streaming Digital Ads Solutions for Digital Ads Travel & OTAs Solutions for Travel Shared Economy Solutions for Shared Economy E-commerce Solutions for E-commerce Get Started Explore the industries covered robust coverage to thrive in rising markets Latin America, Asia, and Africa are driving the global economy. The growing consumer purchasing power in these regions presents prime expansion opportunities for global companies. With EBANX, you can seamlessly enter these markets without needing to set up a local entity. We currently facilitate payment processing in 20+ countries across these regions. Africa Africa's digital commerce is set to exceed half a billion users by 2025, boasting the continent's fastest-growing rate of digital consumers. EBANX is currently operating in South Africa, Kenya, Nigeria, and Egypt, with plans for further expansion into additional countries in the near future. Learn more Latin America Digital commerce sales in Latin America are projected to grow by 25% annually, reaching $709 billion by 2025, in a region where nearly half a billion people made at least one online purchase in 2022. EBANX currently operates in 14 Latin American countries. Learn more India India, the world's most populous country, boasts an impressive 470 million consumers, surpassing the entire population of the United States. Driving growth in South Asia, digital commerce in India is expected to grow by 35% by 2025, reaching a volume of USD 148 billion in 2023. Learn more Get Started Explore all markets covered Integrate directly or through partners to smoothly jumpstart and run your payment operations EBANX is currently partnered with world-class payment industry players including PSPs, payment orchestrators, cloud commerce, data protection, and billing engine platforms to cover your payments needs and alleviate technical resource stress. Count on first-class integrations, such as a direct API with reverse and personalized integration, API conversion, and a fully customizable white-label checkout experience without redirections to help maximize conversions. Get Started Explore all Integrations Stay tunned to the latest news and updates in payments and leading digital business from around the globe Follow EBANX insights to read exclusive content written by EBANX exerts about the payment industry and global digital business scenarios in different markets and industries. Visit EBANX Insights Access studies, white papers, reports, e-books and other content formats about different markets and industries to support your business in rising economies. Explore now Learn more about global and local concepts, processes, and technical words used by the payments industry in a comprehensive glossary. Learn more Payment Solutions Pay-in and Payout Pay-In Payout Recurrence High Order Value Hybrid Processing Single Transaction B2B Payments Fraud & Risk Management Invoicing Why EBANX Payment Methods Card Processing Alternative Payment Methods PIX UPI Boleto OXXO Mobile Money Digital Wallet Voucher Instant Payments More Payment Methods Payment Services Performance Optimization Anti Fraud Integration Direct & Through Partners Markets Africa South Africa Nigeria Kenya Latin America Brazil Mexico Colombia Chile Peru Argentina More Markets in Latin America Asia India The Philippines Industries All Industries E-commerce SaaS Gaming Shared Economy Streaming Digital Ads Online Travel Agencies Other Industries Resources Payments Explained EBANX Insights Beyond Borders 2025 Materials Docs Corporate About EBANX Legal & Compliance Partners Careers Community Press Room Contact Us Contact Sales Merchant Support Partnerships Media & PR Team Stay Connected Users are advised to read the Privacy Notice CAREFULLY. View service restrictions on the compliance page . The brand "EBANX" and the domain "ebanx.com" represent a group of several products and companies in Brazil and other countries*. Some of these products may only be available for specific industries or countries, contact EBANX team to get further information. * EBANX de Mexico provides payment processing services