Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
News and events Corporate and investor information
Light
Eng

Who we are

What we do

Work with us

Search
We invest in changing lives

The EBRD works across three continents to support the transition to successful market economies. Our focus is on delivering prosperity by enabling a well-run and sustainable private sector. We do this with our unique business model, combining financing, advice and policy reform.

€210 billion

Invested since 1991

7,500

Projects and counting

Our projects

Our work spans a range of business sectors in more than 40 economies. We ensure that all our projects deliver maximum impact, underpinned by strong governance and a commitment to environmental and social sustainability.

Explore EBRD projects
News and updates
View all EBRD news stories

News

EBRD, EU and GCF upgrade solid waste services in Jordan

US$ 8 million sub-sovereign loan to benefit the Greater Amman Municipality

29 Dec 2026

View

News

EBRD, EU and ProCredit Bank Skopje boost MSME financing in North Macedonia

First portfolio risk-sharing facility in the country will help increase ProCredit’s lending to underserved MSMEs

29 Dec 2026

View

News

EBRD supports green lending in Uzbekistan

Loan of up to US$ 30 million to country’s major private lender Hamkorbank

29 Dec 2026

View

The Transition Report 2025-26

The Transition Report 2025-26 looks at the implications of demographic change for rapidly ageing economies, as well as economies with young, fast-growing populations. It outlines recent demographic trends, including declining fertility rates, and presents strategies that policymakers could deploy in response.

Read more
More about the EBRD
What we do

How we operate, and the services we offer to clients.

Where we invest

40+ economies across three continents.

Sectors we work in

A wide range of business sectors and industries.

Our products and services

Information on the full range of what we offer.

Our commitment to sustainable investment

Environmentally sound and sustainable development is central to the EBRD’s mandate. We promote it throughout our activities and have made it a core element of our work.

Learn more

The EBRD's support for Ukraine

As the largest institutional investor in Ukraine, we have already deployed more than €8.5 billion in Ukraine since Russia’s invasion of the country in February 2022.

Learn more
Working with the EBRD
Overview: why finance with us?
Project finance
Business advice
Trade finance
Project procurement
Capital markets
Mobilisation
Corporate procurement

Engage with us

Comment on proposals
Report fraud, corruption and misconduct
Submit environmental or social complaint

Contact us

Request for information
A-Z contacts list
Media enquiries
Cookie Policy Site map Terms and conditions Access to Information Policy

Cookie consent

Cookies are pieces of code used to track website usage and give audiences the best possible experience. Use the buttons to confirm whether you agree with default cookie settings when using ebrd.com.

Accept default selection
Customise choices