Skip to content
Manage My ECAL
Sign up
Sign in
About us
Products
Solutions
Customer Stories
Pricing
Login
FREE Trial

THE WORLD’S LEADING CALENDAR MARKETING SOLUTION

Right message, right time, directly in your calendar
Start FREE Trial  Beat the inbox 

ECAL is trusted and relied upon by over 400 top-tier brands and 25 million users worldwide.


The world’s most popular calendar marketing platform
ECAL empowers brands to connect with their audience through the intimacy of their personal digital calendar, to communicate events better.

By delivering smart, dynamic, personalised and actionable events into the calendar, you avoid the ‘inbox chaos’, and boost awareness, engagement, sales and data, like never before.


Start FREE Trial 
Live where life is managed

Over 70% of adults rely on their digital calendar most to manage their life. ECAL gets you there.

For moments that matter

ECAL syncs your events fast, in virtual real-time, to any popular calendar program on mobile, desktop or tablet.

To drive better business

ECAL’s smart, dynamic features and sophisticated logic make events rich, personalised, timely and actionable.

High Performance
Unrivalled Marketing Performance: Drive Deeper Connections With Your Most Valuable Audience.

Imagine a marketing channel where your message isn’t just seen, but actively integrated into the personal life schedule of your target audience. ECAL makes this a reality. Time is precious, and valuable, and a good reason why ECAL is the highest performing marketing channel for any event based communications.


With 100% delivery of your events, ECAL increases consumer awareness by 2-5x over email.


With average CTR’s of over 5%, achieve 2-5x the engagement of social media, turning passive scrollers into active participants.


ECAL works to double the normal ‘buy rate’ of tickets on release.


Ready to communicate events better?

ECAL is the highest performing marketing channel, bar none. With average click-through rates of over 5%, it eclipses social media, email, display ads and anything else.


Learn How ECAL Boosts Engagement for Premier League
Our smart, dynamic ‘Sync to Calendar’ solution delivers rich, personalised and actionable events into calendar.

Request a demo and discovery session today.

Book a Demo
Key Features
Smart, dynamic events with custom business logic

Events delivered at the right time, in the right place, to the right user, with the right action.


Custom ‘sync’ displays for any digital channel

Create your custom ‘sync to calendar’ button display, ad display, or event display, and add it to your website, or any digital channel, incl. apps, social media, email and display.
Your audience will interact with your button, to choose content, their preferred calendar program, and complete the connection with you.

Awesome ways to display your events

Need an embeddable calendar for your website? ECAL’s range of event displays are highly customisable, high impact, and rich in features to drive awareness, participation and action. Choose from ‘calendar’, ‘page’, ‘carousel’ and ‘column’ mode to display your upcoming events on your website, with in-built ‘sync to calendar’ functionality.

Best available calendar connection

Did you know every calendar program is different? ECAL establishes and maintains the best available connection to all major calendar programs. We keep this connection alive, and in sync, with every calendar and every browser, so you don’t have to.

Preferential
api access

ECAL enjoys hugely preferential api access to the likes of google, so our system can deliver your events at scale, and in high peak demand periods, such as a major global event release.

Fast, dynamic updates

Keep your customers up-to-date and connected! ECAL’s ‘fast sync’ technology ensures any new events, updates or changes are instantly delivered, straight to the user’s calendar.

Smart business logic!

Whether you want to drive tune-in, fan engagement, ticket sales, registration or anything else, ECAL’s smart business logic prompts awareness and action, at exactly the right time, to achieve optimal business outcomes.

Marketing, data & e-commerce features

There’s a world of amazing features available, so you acquire more users, communicate better, engage right and sell more. From global displays with language auto-detection (35+ languages), private events, and smart alerts, to engagement drivers, data delivery, power data and Hyper payments.

Privacy & security assured

ECAL takes a forward stance on user privacy and security. GDPR and CCPA compliant, ECAL displays feature minimum age verification, multiple opt-ins, multiple languages (35+), data minimisation, service accuracy and transparency. All data is encrypted at rest and in transit, and securely stored with relevant consent logging. Private events are entirely anonymised.

Advanced Features 
Customer Success
Customer Stories
Why Your Favourite Team Was the Only Thing You Actually Saw This Black Friday

Let’s be real for a second. Your inbox on Black Friday was a disaster zone. [...]

Leaders Lunch Dubai: Anchoring Global Growth in Personal Connection

We live in a world obsessed with data and digital speed. But if you’ve been [...]

Aussies in the Gulf: 3 Key Takeaways from the Global Victoria Sports Trade Mission

For over two weeks, ECAL has toured the region to mix and mingle with key [...]

Beyond the 90 Minutes: The Premier League’s 3-Step Model for Revolutionising Fan Engagement

TLDR: The Premier League’s Engagement Strategy The Premier League is solving the challenge of sustained [...]

Betfred Super League Partners with ECAL to Deliver Next-Level Fan Engagement for 2026

ECAL is proud to announce its partnership with the Betfred Super League, England’s leading professional [...]

The 82.7% Mobile Mandate: Your Customer’s Digital Calendar Is The New Battleground

For years, brands have competed fiercely for fractions of a second in noisy feeds and [...]

2026 NRL & NRLW Draw Released: Sync the Official Schedule to Your Calendar

The official 2026 NRL Telstra Premiership and NRLW draw is here, and the upcoming season [...]

2026 AFL Fixture Released – Your Ultimate Fan Guide

The wait is finally over, footy fans! The 2026 AFL fixture is here, and it’s [...]

MELBOURNE • LONDON • PARIS • LOS ANGELES • SINGAPORE • TOKYO • RIYADH

Product

Product
Enterprise
Business
Community
How it works
How it beats the inbox
Pricing
Stay ‘n Play
Book a Demo

Solutions

Sports
Ticketing
Media
Fitness & Lifestyle
Venues & Stadia
Education
Gaming
Arts & culture
Payment reminders

Resources

Latest News
Support Centre
Developers
Integrations
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Licence Agreement

Company

About Us
Customer Stories
Careers
Contact Us

ECAL | All rights reserved.© 2025 HyperKu Pte Ltd

×