Home - Ecma International Link to X Link to LinkedIn Artboard Created with Sketch. About Ecma Mission Areas of work Organisation Members Meeting calendar History Awards Join Ecma Publications and standards Standards Technical Reports Mementos Get involved Committees Policies Ecma By-laws Ecma Rules Ecma IPR policies Ecma awards policy News Contact Click to open the search input field Click to open the search input field Search Menu Menu Ecma International is an industry association dedicated to the standardization of information and communication systems Ecma is driven by industry members to meet their needs, providing a healthy competitive landscape based on differentiation of products and services rather than technology models, generating confidence among vendors and users of new technology. Ecma standardization technologies ECMAScript ECMAScript® modules for embedded systems Software and system transparency Web-interoperable server runtimes Natural language interaction protocol for communication with Artificial Intelligence (AI) agents Standardization of the High-Level Shading Language (HLSL) Acoustics Product-related environmental attributes Electromagnetic Compatibility and Electromagnetic Fields (EMC and EMF) Programming languages Office Open XML formats Access systems and information exchange between systems Information storage Dart Open XML Paper Specification (OpenXPS®) Product safety Multimedia coding and communications Close proximity electric induction data transfer TCs which have accomplished their task Latest news December 2025 Ecma International approves NLIP standards suite for universal AI agent communication December 2025 Ecma recognition award honours Luoming Zhang for his contributions and services to Ecma December 2025 Ecma International approves new standards December 2025 Ecma International welcomes new members September 2025 Loss of an Ecma colleague and friend Jan van den Beld, former Ecma Secretary General More news Ecma International Rue du Rhône 114 1204 Geneva Switzerland About Ecma Publications and standards Policies Contact Committees News Privacy policy Members only Twitter Linkedin Scroll to top Scroll to top Scroll to top This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Accept Manage Cookie and privacy settings Necessary cookies Essential cookies are strictly necessary for the proper operation of our site. In particular, they govern the principles of navigation and memorize some of your choices between pages. If you refuse them, your browsing experience may be affected. Analytics cookies Analysis cookies collect statistical and anonymous information on the traffic recorded on our site. They help us to improve our pages, in order to better meet our users' expectations. If you do not want us to record your visit, you can disable this tracking. Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking. Additional services We also use various external services such as Google WebFonts and Google Maps. These providers may collect data such as your IP address. If you deactivate these cookies, the appearance of our site may have a negative impact on your reading experience. Changes will take effect once you reload the page. Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts. Click to enable/disable Google Maps. Privacy policy You can find out more about our use of cookies on our privacy policy page. Save Deactivate all cookies Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab. Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.