help_outline
Help
login
Log in
Main navigation
Home
 
About
 
Forecasts
 
Computing
 
Research
 
Learning
 
Publications
 
Anniversary
Advancing global NWP through international collaboration
2m Temperature: Weekly mean anomalies

Base Time: Mon 29 Dec 2025 00 UTC T+168 Valid time: Mon 29 Dec 2025 00 UTC - Mon 05 Jan 2026 00 UTC

Weekly mean anomalies have been calculated relative to a 20-year model climatology.  The areas where the ensemble forecast is not significantly different from the climatology, according to a WMW-test, are blanked.

Note that shaded areas are at 10%, contours are at 1% significant level.

For further details of Sub-seasonal range output and products, please visit ECMWF Forecast User Guide.

View all chartschevron_right
NEWS
News highlights 2025

Highlights from across 2025, including the launch of AIFS, opening ECMWF’s entire Real-time Catalogue to all, global and European climate insights, digital twins and a leadership transition in ECMWF’s 50th anniversary year.

19 December 2025
Visit our Media Centrechevron_right
NEWS
Closing ECMWF’s 50th anniversary

ECMWF concluded its 50th anniversary year with three days of events in Reading, UK, bringing together Member States, partners and former leaders to reflect on key scientific advances, showcase European progress in machine learning, and celebrate five decades of collaboration and innovation.

15 December 2025
SCIENCE BLOG
The eye of the storm: how EarthCARE is helping to evaluate hurricane physics in ECMWF forecasts

EarthCARE’s overpass of Hurricane Humberto captured the first space-based view of vertical winds and precipitation inside an eyewall, offering unprecedented insight into storm structure and updrafts that will help ECMWF improve hurricane understanding, intensity prediction and forecasts.

10 December 2025
IN FOCUS
In focus

Browse our fact sheets on topics such as Destination Earth and the role of the Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service, and read about some of the opportunities and challenges for ML and weather forecasting.

30 September 2025
Forecast charts and data

We provide current forecasts, climate reanalyses and specific datasets. These are available via the web, point-to-point dissemination, data servers and broadcasting.

Charts
Datasets
Quality of our forecasts
Documentation
Access to forecasts
Datasets

Forecasts, analyses, climate reanalyses, re-forecasts and multi-model data are available from our archive (MARS) or via dedicated data servers or via point-to-point dissemination.

Accessing forecasts

Researchers, WMO members, commercial users and satellite data providers can gain access to ECMWF forecast products under one of our various licence agreement types.

AIFS BLOG
Does better mean better forecasts for everyone?

Are improvements from the ML-based AIFS system distributed evenly worldwide or do some regions benefit more than others?

9 December 2025
Serving meteorology

International collaboration is fundamental to the work of ECMWF, working with the EU and the meteorological community at large, including the World Meteorological Organization, space agencies, and scientists around the world.

Serving meteorology
chevron_right
Contributing to European Programmes
Copernicus Climate Change Service (C3S)
Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS)
Copernicus Emergency Management Service (CEMS)
Destination Earth
Working with space agencies
Observations
Data monitoring
Observation Monitoring Dashboardchevron_right
Supporting WMO programmes
World Meteorological Centre
Data archives
Severe weather forecasting
Workshops and education

Education is a key element of our work at ECMWF, enabling our partners to get the most from ECMWF's services and develop an advanced understanding of forecasting.

Training
Workshops
Seminars
14 January	Informal Seminar: Disentangling regional impacts of teleconnections using causal representation learning
20 January	Evaluating operational seasonal forecasts in the extratropics: improvements, challenges, and interesting problems
February 2 – 5	Training course: Use and interpretation of ECMWF products
11 February	WeatherGenerator Dissemination Workshop
February 10 – 12	WeatherGenerator General Assembly
February 23 – 27	Training course: Machine learning and Destination Earth
March 2 – 6	Training course: Parametrization of subgrid physical processes
19 March	AI Weather Quest: DJF Awards Webinar

ECMWF workshops are open to the worldwide meteorological community, though some training is restricted to member states.

Full calendar of events
expand_less
expand_more
About
Who we are
What we do
Jobs
Media centre
Suppliers
Grants
Location
Forecasts
Charts
Datasets
Quality of our forecasts
About our forecasts
Access to forecasts
Computing
Our facilities
Access to computing facilities
Software
Service status
Research
Data assimilation
Modelling and Prediction
Climate reanalysis
Projects
Special Projects
Learning
Training
Workshops
Seminars
Publications
Newsletter
Technical memoranda
Reports
IFS documentation

© European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts

Footer link
Accessibility 
Privacy 
Terms of use 
Contact