eComID – Returns Reduction Platform For Retail Home Problem Solution Waitlist Change Join the waitlist Get in touch Get in touch Point of no return Time for a new eCommerce era We empower fashion brands to reduce online product returns, shrink the
                  environmental footprint, and guide shoppers to discover and buy products they'll
                  truly love. Join the waitlist ↓     Scroll to learn more Introducing eComID launches AI Shopping: Bringing agentic commerce to brands’ own sites. Read more The Returns Reduction Platform for leading fashion brands eComID's modular Returns Reduction Platform helps fashion brands prevent product
                  returns before they happen, driving higher customer satisfaction, loyalty, and
                  profitability. Our mission is supported by investors like H&M Group Ventures , CapitalT , and industry-leading strategic angel
                  investors. The unique and proactive eComID returns reduction solution has become an important
                  part of our strategy to tackle returns. Linn Thor Head of E-Commerce, & Other Stories eComID's proactive product returns and carbon reduction technology, enables us to
                  promote more sustainable shopping habits. Rosaline Coker E-commerce Operations Manager, Björn Borg Partnering with eComID helps us enhance our shopping experience through advanced
                  AI, fostering more sustainable shopping. Erik Björk Deputy CEO & Chief Growth Officer, ICANIWILL eComID's returns prevention technology is an important part of our mission to
                  support our customers in making more sustainable shopping decisions. Anders Gustavsson COO, aim'n Our partnership with eComID will further reduce the environmental footprint of our
                  products, as we develop a cradle-to-cradle product life cycle approach. Lutz Schwenke Founder & CEO, TWOTHIRDS As seen in Point of no return The online returns problem $ 3 trillion in costs of global retail returns last year 100 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions 17 billion kilograms of returns in landfills $21 Cost per returned item $46 The carbon footprint resulting from returns has reached alarming levels.
                Economically, businesses absorb billions in returns-related costs. According to
                McKinsey, retailers pay between $21-46 per returned product. Change Time for a change Change is urgent, and we're propelling the shift towards conscious shopping by
                  enabling fashion brands worldwide to collaborate on a grand scale. eComID incentivizes responsible online shopping behavior and promotes a
                  sustainable system for both the industry and the environment. Our Promise Promise to brands Contact us to receive the code that unlocks this section. eComID was founded with
                  the mission to support fashion brands, and this promise is a part of this
                  commitment. Our impact 76 % of shoppers exposed to the eComID platform will reduce their product returns 1 million shoppers engage with the eComID platform across the globe daily 7/10 of shoppers share insights provided by the eComID platform with their friends The new default The intent to retain every item It's time to rethink the extreme convenience concepts that characterized the
                    early days of online shopping, such as unconditional free returns. The practice of making informed and conscious purchases, intending to keep
                    every item, must replace ordering with the expectation of calculated returns. For shoppers Empowering smarter shopping eComID isn't just for brands; it's also designed to enhance the shopping
                  experience for customers. By pioneering smart shopping, we guide shoppers to
                  discover products that are tailored to their preferences. In this new
                  era of eCommerce, it will be easier and quicker than ever before for customers to
                  find products they love and wish to keep, reducing the need for returns. Be part of the change Are you a fashion brand ready to redefine the future of eCommerce? Secure your spot
                in our collaborative community and contribute to reshaping the industry. Together,
                we're ushering in a new era of sustainable shopping that benefits us all. Join the waitlist Navigate Home Problem Solution Waitlist Change Join the waitlist Get in touch Join the movement Cookie consent Follow us LinkedIn Instagram X / Twitter © 2025 eComID, All rights reserved