Skip to main content
MyChart Sign In MyChart
Search
Search 
Menu
How may we help you?
Find a Doctor
Get Care Now
Locations
Billing & Costs
Contact Us
Careers
Services
Bariatrics/Weight Loss
Cancer Care
Children's Health
Heart and Vascular
Maternity Services
Mental/Behavioral
Orthopedics/Joint/Spine
Physical Therapy & Rehab
Post-Acute Care
Primary Care
Sports Medicine
Women's Care
See All Services
Virtual Care - $49 and Up

Get non-emergency care from where it's most convenient for you - home, office or on the go. Connect with a board-certified medical provider for a video or phone consultation for minor illness or injury.

Connect!
Your Community
Working Toward Zero Suicides

Indiana has the nation’s highest rate of students who have contemplated suicide. The statistics are alarming, and addressing this health crisis requires all of us. We've teamed up with WTHR to create the resources parents and teachers need to talk about suicide prevention.

Read More
Grant Supports East Side

Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services will provide $2,560,494 to address health-related social needs of east side residents to improve access to food, housing and social supports.

Read More
We Make It Simple

Exceptional care. Simply delivered. That's our commitment to you and your family. With compassionate caregivers and tools such as MyChart we make managing your health as simple as possible. 

Read More
Now Open! New Community Cancer Center North

Hope has a new address. The new Community Cancer Center North is equipped with advanced diagnostic and treatment technology, offering state-of-the-art treatment opportunities, care programs and essential healing environment designed as a model to meet patients' personal needs.

Read More
Visit the Community Blog

$9M

distributed by Community Foundations

Donate Now

350+

primary care providers for personalized care

Find a Provider

7,650

babies born at Community hospitals last year

Deliver Here

Toll-Free, 24 Hours:

800-777-7775
Live Chat
Follow Community Health Network
Footer
Legal Notices
Privacy Notice
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Price Transparency
Financial Assistance
Compliance Concerns