Econlib - The Library of Economics and Liberty Liberty Fund Network Econlib Liberty Fund OLL Adam Smith Works Law & Liberty Submission EconLog Blog Browse by Author Browse by Topic Browse by Date Search EconLog RSS Subscribe EconTalk Latest Episodes Browse by Date Browse by Guest Browse by Category Browse Extras Search EconTalk RSS Feeds Articles Latest Articles Liberty Classics Browse by Author Browse by Date Search Articles Books Books Bios Books by Date Books by Author Search Books Encyclopedia Index Browse by Author Browse by Title Biographies Search Encyclopedia Guides Index #ECONLIBREADS College Topics High School Topics Subscribe to QuickPicks Search Guides Videos Index Search Videos Liberty Fund Network Econlib OLL Adam Smith Works Library of Law & Liberty Home / Artificial Intelligence, Happiness and Behavioral Economics, Psychology, the Brain, and the Mind In Defense of Intuition (with Gerd Gigerenzer) By 
				Dec 29 2025 Psychologist Gerd Gigerenzer explains the power of intuition, how intuition became gendered, what he thinks Kahneman and Tversky’s research agenda got wrong, and why it’s a mistake to place intuition and conscious thinking on opposing ends of the cognition spectrum. Topics he discusses in this wide-ranging conversation with EconTalk’s Russ Roberts include what Gigerenzer calls More Featured Articles Article Price Discrimination and the Future of Movies By 
					Adam Martin On September 4, Disney released Mulan on its Disney+ streaming service. Mulan’s release was delayed because of COVID-19. For about $30, depending on what country they are in, Disney+ subscribers purchase early “Premier Access'” to the movie before it becomes available to all subscribers. In some countries, including China and others that do not have .. MORE Article The Puzzling Economics of Sports By 
					Allen R. Sanderson “Why is it that we seem to be concerned that some baseball players may gain an unfair advantage by turning to pharmacists while at the same time we don’t blanch at people getting cosmetic surgery to improve their competitive advantage?” Why is it that no one complains when Ray Romano (“Raymond”) gets $50 million a .. MORE Article Adam Smith on Relationships between Young and Old By 
					Anna Claire Flowers The Theory of Moral Sentiments, by Adam Smith Relationships between people of different generations make up some of the most meaningful connections life has to offer. They shape deep-seated beliefs, goals, and priorities. In The Theory of Moral Sentiments [TMS], Adam Smith describes the human actor as one who is guided by relational experiences. Do .. MORE Most Recent Price Theory Cutsinger’s Solution: Inflation and Healthcare By Bryan Cutsinger Artificial Intelligence In Defense of Intuition (with Gerd Gigerenzer) Economic Theory Peace on Earth, Goodwill Towards Refs By Kevin Lavery Microeconomics Silver and Gold By Art Carden History David Deutsch on the Pattern Book Review How Productivity Advances By Arnold Kling Microeconomics The Fast Fashion Dilemma By Joy Buchanan Tariffs Diving into Tariffs at Liberty Fund Today By G. Patrick Lynch Tariffs No Manufacturing Jolt from Tariffs By Jon Murphy Free Will and Determinism Free Will Is Real (with Kevin Mitchell) EconTalk All > econtalk-podcast David Deutsch on the Pattern A world-class physicist makes a shocking claim: across 2,500 years and every kind of society, there has been a recurring moral exception carved out just for Jews–the idea that hurting Jews is, in some sense, legitimate. Most of the time, this doesn’t erupt into pogroms. Instead, it lives as a background permission: a readiness to excuse, .. MORE econtalk-podcast Gary Belsky on the Origins of Sports Gary Belsky, co-author of On the Origins of Sports and former editor-in-chief of ESPN the Magazine, talks with EconTalk host Russ Roberts about the origins of sports–how various sports evolved and emerged into their current incarnations. Along the way he discusses the popularity of American football, the written (and unwritten) rules of sports, and the .. MORE EconLog All > Economic Theory Peace on Earth, Goodwill Towards Refs All major American professional sports have a time of year when they capture the eyes of the nation. America’s pastime, baseball, has the ‘Fall Classic’, the NFL dominates Thanksgiving, and the country has an entire weekend dedicated to the Super Bowl. Christmas Day is the NBA’s time to shine with action from noon to midnight .. MORE Economic and Political Philosophy Voice, Exit, and Cheerleaders The newest season of the Netflix documentary America’s Sweethearts, which traces the 2024 audition, training, and performance season of the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders, is a lot more than just a pretty face. The philosopher Loren Lomasky has argued persuasively in Persons, Rights, and the Moral Community that one of the things that makes humans human .. MORE LIBERTY CLASSICS SERIES Explore the lasting legacies and continued relevance of our classic titles. Browse Articles Book Titles All Books > Economic Harmonies By Frédéric Bastiat Frédéric Bastiat (1801-1850) was a French economist, statesman, and author. He was the leader of the free-trade movement in France from its inception in 1840 until his untimely death in 1850. The first 45 years of his life were spent in preparation for five tremendously productive years writing in favor of freedom. Bastiat was the .. MORE Elements of Political Economy By James Mill There are few things of which I have occasion to advertize the reader, before he enters upon the perusal of the following work.My object has been to compose a school-book of Political Economy, to detach the essential principles of the science from all extraneous topics, to state the propositions clearly and in their logical order, .. MORE Book Reviews and Suggested Readings Michael Munger on Sharing, Transaction Costs, and Tomorrow 3.0 Economist and author Michael Munger of Duke University talks about his book, Tomorrow 3.0, with EconTalk host Russ Roberts. Munger analyzes the rise of companies like Uber and AirBnB as an example of how technology lowers transactions costs. Users and providers can find each other more easily through their smartphones, increasing opportunity. Munger expects these .. MORE Who Won the Socialist Calculation Debate (with Peter Boettke) For more than a century, some economists have insisted that central planning can outperform markets. Economists like Mises, Hayek, and Friedman disagreed. Who won this debate? Is it over? Does AI change how we should think about the power of planning? Listen as economist Peter Boettke of George Mason University discusses what is known as the .. MORE Conversations VIDEO A Conversation with Milton Friedman Recipient of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, Milton Friedman (1912-2006) has long been recognized as one of our most important economic thinkers and a leader of the Chicago school of economics. He is the author of many books and articles in economics, including A Theory of the Consumption Function and A Monetary History .. MORE VIDEO An Animal That Trades A five-part short video series on the life and contemporary relevance of Adam Smith. This video series, produced by AdamSmithWorks, can be watch as a full 38-minute feature, or in five thematic, classroom-friendly chunks. To access all, click here.   Below are some discussion prompts related to this video:   Part 1: The Invisible Hand .. MORE Econlib Videos Intellectual Portrait Series Conversations with some of the most original thinkers of our time Browse Videos Guides Reading Lists by Topic The Reading Lists by Topic pages contain some suggested readings organized by topic, including materials available on Econlib. Brief reviews or descriptions are included for many items. Select a Topic 1800-1900: Economics Classics, including Neoclassical Thought Austrian Economics Business Cycles Capital and Investment Capitalism and Socialism Classics in Money and Banking Comparative Advantage Development and Investment Economics and Ethics Economics of Education Economics of Health Environmental Economics and Natural Resources Free Trade General Economic History History of Economic Thought: What is Economics? Inequality and Discrimination Inflation Information, Markets, and Spontaneous Order Interest Rates and Uncertainty Laissez Faire and the Role of the State Law, Property Rights, and Institutions Macroeconomic and Monetary History Market Structure, Firms, and Institutional Organization Mathematics, Game Theory, and Quantitative Theory Methodology Money Demand and Supply Nobel Laureates Novels, Short Stories, and Science Fiction Population and Labor Mobility Pre-1800 Economic Thought, Including Mercantilism Price Theory and Principles Textbooks Public Finance and Public Economics Textbooks, Public Choice Race, Slavery, and Economics Technological Change The Invisible Hand Unions Wages and the Marginal Product of Labor War, Colonialism, and Imperialism Welfare, Social Security College Economics Topics Supplementary materials for popular college textbooks used in courses in the Principles of Economics, Microeconomics, Price Theory, and Macroeconomics are suggested by topic. Select a Topic Aggregate Demand Aggregate Supply Balance of Trade and Balance of Payments Banks and Financial Institutions Barriers to Trade Business Cycles Comparative Advantage and the Benefits of Trade Competition and Market Structures Compound Interest Consumers Cost-benefit analysis Costs of Production Credit Demand Division of Labor and Specialization Economic Development Economic Growth Economic Institutions Economic Systems Efficiency Elasticity of Demand Employment and Unemployment Entrepreneurs Environmentalism Exchange and Trade Financial Crisis of 2008 Financial Markets Fiscal Policy Foreign Currency Markets and Exchange Rates GDP Government Budget Deficits and Government Debt Government Failures, Rent Seeking, and Public Choice Health Care Human Capital Incentives Income Distribution Income Inequality Inflation Insurance Is Economics a Science? Labor Costs Lauren F. Landsburg Margins and Thinking at the Margin Market Failures, Public Goods, and Externalities Monetary Policy and the Federal Reserve Money Money Management and Budgeting Opportunity cost Price Controls, Price Ceilings, and Price Floors Producers Productive Resources Productivity Profit Property Rights Real, relative, and nominal prices Risk and Return Roles of Government Saving and Investing Scarcity Social Security Supply Supply and Demand, Markets and Prices Technology Wellbeing and Welfare What Is Economics? High School Economics Topics These free resources are appropriate for teachers of high school and AP economics, social studies, and history classes. They are also appropriate for interested students, home schoolers, and newcomers to the topic of economics. Select a Topic 51 key economics concepts Aggregate Demand Aggregate Supply Balance of Trade and Balance of Payments Barriers to Trade Benefits of Trade/Comparative Advantage Budget Deficits and Public Debt Business Cycles Competition and Market Structures Compound Interest Concise Encyclopedia of Economics (CEE) Consumers Council for Economic Education Credit Decision Making and Cost-Benefit Analysis Demand Division of Labor and Specialization Economic Development Economic Growth Economic Institutions Economic Systems Elasticity of Demand Employment and Unemployment Entrepreneurs Financial Markets Fiscal Policy Foreign Currency Markets/Exchange Rates Fundamental Economics GDP Government Failures/Public-Choice Analysis Human Capital Incentives Income Distribution Inflation Insurance International Economics Macroeconomics Market Failures Markets and Prices Microeconomics Monetary Policy and the Federal Reserve Money Money Management/Budgeting Opportunity Cost Personal Finance Economics Price Ceilings and Floors Producers Productive Resources Productivity Profit Property Rights Real vs. Nominal Risk and Return Roles of Government Saving and Investing Scarcity Supply Technology Trade, Exchange and Interdependence Economist Biographies A B C D E F G H J K L M N O P Q R S T V W Y From the Concise Encyclopedia of Economics The Economics of Special Markets Sports Major league sports, as every reader of the sports pages knows, is a major league business. As a result, economics has a lot to say about how players, teams, and leagues will act under different circumstances. But would you believe that economics can be used to predict which teams will win and which will lose? .. MORE Basic Concepts, The Marketplace Information and Prices Modern economists excel at identifying theoretical reasons why markets might fail. While these theories may temper uncritical views of the market, it is important to note that markets do, in fact, work incredibly well. Indeed, markets work so thoroughly and quietly that their success too often goes unnoticed. Consider that the number of different ways .. MORE International Economics, Taxes Tariffs A tariff is a fancy word for a tax. The term usually refers to import duties, which are fees levied on goods entering one country from another. Import tariffs have been a controversial feature of domestic politics, international diplomacy, and economic policy for centuries. This article covers some of the basic economics of tariffs as .. MORE Quotes The market economy is the product of a long evolutionary process. It is the outcome of man’s endeavors to adjust his action in the best possible way to the given conditions of his environment that he cannot alter. -Ludwig von Mises Regard to our own private happiness and interest, too, appear upon many occasions very laudable principles of action. -Adam Smith Full Quote >> We are as little able to conceive what civilization will be, or can be, five hundred or even fifty years hence as medieval man, or even our grandparents, were able to foresee our own manner of life. -F. A. Hayek Econlib The Library of Economics and Liberty Liberty Fund, Inc. 11301 N. Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032-4564, USA econlib@libertyfund.org About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Publications Books Articles EconTalk EconLog Videos Resources Quickpicks CEE Encyclopedia College Guides High School Guides Sign up for our newsletter Enter your email address to subscribe to the Econlib monthly newsletter. » Liberty Fund, Inc. 11301 N. Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032-4564, USA info@libertyfund.org © 2024 Econlib, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Part of the Liberty Fund Network.