EcoSoberHouses – transitional Sober Living Houses Check Availability: +1 (617) 982-1790 CALL US NOW Sober House Our Boston Houses Sober Houses Roxbury Sober Houses Dorchester (Capen St) Sober Houses Dorchester (Vesta Road) About Us Our Team FAQ Referral Program Success Stories of Sobriety Justin’s Recovery and Success Story Eric’s Recovery and Success Story Mike’s Recovery and Success Story Articles Contact Us Registration Sober House Our Boston Houses Sober Houses Roxbury Sober Houses Dorchester (Capen St) Sober Houses Dorchester (Vesta Road) About Us Our Team FAQ Referral Program Success Stories of Sobriety Justin’s Recovery and Success Story Eric’s Recovery and Success Story Mike’s Recovery and Success Story Articles Contact Us Registration Check Availability: +1 (617) 982-1790 CALL US NOW Eco Sober Houses Your Home, Your Brotherhood, Your Recovery Check Availability Comfort We’ll guide you through the entire period of your healing. Community You will be surrounded by people highly motivated towards sobriety. Success We provide an environment uniquely suited to facilitate your healing. Living at Eco Sober Houses At Eco Sober Houses LLC, our mission is to support individuals on their path to lifelong recovery by offering a safe, clean, encouraging, and inclusive space for like-minded sober adults. Our primary goal is to create a nurturing atmosphere where every person feels appreciated, respected, and acknowledged, empowering them to build a meaningful and sober life. Through structured living, peer support, and comprehensive peer guidance, we strive to make the journey to sobriety a bit simpler and more sustainable for everyone who walks through our doors. The policy of Eco Sober Houses ensures equal housing opportunities without discrimination or harassment. Eco Sober Houses prohibit harassment or discrimination on the basis of religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, citizenship, substance of choice, or any characteristic protected by law. Capen Eco Sober House Capen Eco Sober House Capen Eco Sober House Capen Eco Sober House Holworthy Eco Sober House Vesta Road Eco Sober House Your comfort is our priority Eco Sober Houses have been newly renovated for your successful recovery. We provide comfort, understanding, and respect to all our residents. Check Availability About Eco Sober Houses Eco Sober Houses are built to empower our residents to thrive after they leave our facility. It starts with comfortable accommodations and a sense of home. Our residents are welcomed into a true community, a brotherhood of peers. They find life-long connections and build on those as they re-join society. And of course, our guidance and help extend beyond that. At Eco Sober Houses, we emphasize creating a structured, clean, and safe living environment, ensuring that all residents adhere to house rules for the well-being of the community. Sobriety is hard. We believe in doing everything in our power to make your journey a little bit easier. GET 24/7 HELP NOW: +1 (617) 982-1790 FOR PARTNERSHIP: +1 (617) 778-2219 Let’s Start Your Recovery! Our sole mission is to provide you or your loved one with the substance-free environment needed for overcoming addiction! I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions * Check Availability Our Boston Sober Houses Capen Eco Sober House 74 Capen St, Boston, MA Holworthy Eco Sober House 45 Holworthy St, Boston, MA Vesta Road Eco Sober House 20 Vesta Road, Boston, MA × Request a call I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions * Check Availability We provide a healthy environment uniquely suited to facilitate your growth and healing. About: About Eco Sober Houses Eco Sober Houses Team Referral Program Success Story of Sobriety Documents: Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy FAQ Contact: +1 (617) 982-1790 help@ecosoberhouse.com For Partnership: +1 (617) 778-2219 Eco Sober Houses © 2025 All rights reserved. Sober house in Mattapan