SKIP TO CONTENT
Enterprise Solutions
Sustainability Assessments
Resources
About
EN
Log in
CONTACT
Global Sustainability,
One Platform.
Trusted Data for Resilient Supply Chains.
ASSESS MY SUPPLIERS
Main content
Sustainability Solutions for Every Stage of Your Journey
3
M+
Companies Screened
150
K+
Companies Rated
185
+
Countries Covered
250
+
Industries Covered
From Risk & Compliance to Value & Impact

The EcoVadis platform helps you manage ESG risk and compliance, meet corporate sustainability goals, and drive impact at scale by guiding the sustainability performance improvement of your company and your value chain.

Manage Sustainability Risk and Compliance

Gain full visibility into supply chain risks across 100% of your supply base. Leverage automated tools, actionable insights, and light questionnaires to streamline due diligence, reduce risk, and support compliance with ready-to-submit reports.

Sustainability Regulations
Drive Scope 3 Decarbonization

Measure, monitor, and reduce Scope 3 carbon emissions with accurate supplier-specific data. Assess carbon risk, engage suppliers and collect reliable data to ensure compliance, mitigate risk, and drive supply chain decarbonization.

Scope 3 Decarbonization
Transform and Build Sustainable Supply Chains

Build a sustainable procurement strategy with a globally recognized, and evidence backed sustainability rating. Leverage verified data, and increase supply chain transparency. Scale supplier collaboration and drive improvement that meets your ESG goals.

Sustainability Solutions
Awards and Recognitions
Recognized by customers on G2
Recognized by customers on G2
2025 FrenchTech Next40
World’s Most Innovative Companies of 2024
World Procurement Awards 2024 – Shortlist
Top Product of the Year Award 2023 – Carbon Action Manager
Spend Matters Almanac
2023 FrenchTech Next40
Winner of Best ESG Advisory Category
German Sustainability Award 2022 – Supply Chain category
ProcureTech100 2021 Yearbook
Microsoft Partner of the Year – France: Sustainability Award
Ready to Get Started?

I am interested in:

ASSESSING MY SUPPLIERS
ASSESSING MY COMPANY
Hear from our Customers

EcoVadis Rating is 30% of our overall vendor rating. It is one of the messages from which our stock value can benefit.

Federico Introvigne
Head of Direct Procurement
Case Study

We're winning business because of sustainability which means our sales increase, our turnover goes up, and ultimately that positively impacts the people that work at CEF.

Nathalie Ritchie
Head of Sustainable Supply Chain
Case Study

Our EcoVadis Gold Medal resulted in more than €37 million from clients who monitor our EcoVadis performance from 2023.

Fulvio Fragola
Procurement Managing Director
Case Study

Our sustainable procurement program is driving business value through the help of EcoVadis Solutions.

Aurélie Gouverneur
Business Partner, Supplier Sustainability
Case Study

We leverage Ratings to explain to our suppliers that sustainability clearly isn't just a score; it's the cornerstone of our reputation and success.

Dustin Deal
Director, Security Risk & Strategy
Case Study

The Carbon Action Manager is a unique solution that consolidates the data we need from our suppliers in one place.

Cécilia Frasnetti
Purchasing Director
Case Study

IQ Plus enables us to proactively identify and mitigate risks around modern slavery, human rights and ethics.

Rebeca Bruno
Category Manager
Toyota Material Handling Group Europe

For vendors that aren’t able to do the full Ratings assessment, Vitals gives us a sense of what they’re doing, whether it’s meeting our expectations, and if there’s anything that we should be concerned about.

Rhea Horlock
Global Corporate Social Responsibility Lead
Case Study

Being assessed by EcoVadis and also assessing our suppliers is a differentiating factor for CEF, helping us win more business.

Nathalie Ritchie
Head of Sustainable Supply Chain
CUSTOMER STORIES
CONTACT US

We have offices in France, United States, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Mauritius, Mexico, Poland, Canada, Germany, Japan, Spain and Singapore.

CONTACT US
ENTERPRISE
SOLUTIONS
Sustainability Intelligence Suite Overview
Risk Mapping and Disclosure
Sustainability Ratings
Scope 3 Carbon Management
EcoVadis Learning Academy
Supplier Self-Assessment Questionnaires
Risk Management
Sustainable Finance
Regulatory Solution Overview
CS3D and CSRD
LkSG – German Supply Chain Act
Scope 3 Reporting & Regulatory Compliance
Modern Slavery Acts
Human Rights Due Diligence
Plans and Pricing
Sector Initiatives
SUSTAINABILITY
ASSESSMENTS
Why Get a Rating
EcoVadis Medals and Badges
Help Center
Plans and Pricing
RESOURCES
Resource Center
Blog
Whitepapers
Events and Webinars
Find a Partner
Become an EcoVadis Partner
Sustainability Glossary – Terms
Sustainability Glossary – Regulations
Solution Materials
Customer Stories
Help Center
Plans and Pricing
ABOUT
Company
AI for Supply Chain Sustainability
Careers
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our Impact
Leadership
Trust Center
Media Kit
Latest News
Contact Us
Copyright © 2025 EcoVadis ®
User agreements
Data Privacy
Legal
Cookies Settings
Just released: The Global Supply Chain Sustainability Risk & Performance Index
VIEW NOW
Join our flagship global event, Sustain 2026, in Paris & Online on Mar 2-3!
REGISTER NOW
New: 5 Key Accelerators of Leading Sustainable Procurement Programs
VIEW NOW
New: A Four-Step Blueprint for a More Resilient Supply Chain
VIEW NOW
Just released: The Global Supply Chain Sustainability Risk & Performance Index
VIEW NOW
Join our flagship global event, Sustain 2026, in Paris & Online on Mar 2-3!
REGISTER NOW
By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. By continuing to browse our website, no cookies will be stored on your device.
We keep your choice for 6 months. You can change your mind at any time by clicking on the cookies icon at the bottom left of each page on our website.Cookie Policy
ACCEPT ALL
REJECT ALL
Cookies Settings
	
	