Home - East Carolina University Skip to content Report an Accessibility Barrier The Department for Disability Support Services I am... Future Student Current Student Online Military Parent Alumni Faculty or Staff About ECU Academics Libraries Athletics Health Sciences Research ECUArts GIVE APPLY | Toggle search and resources menu Search Submit Search About ECU Health Sciences Academics Research Libraries ECUArts Athletics I AM... Future Student Parent Current Student Alumni Online Faculty or Staff Military RESOURCES Email PirateID Work Request A-Z Index Canvas IT Help Directory Academic Calendar Banner AI at ECU Maps Event Calendar PiratePort The Pirate Experience Virtual Tour Catalog Facebook X (formerly Twitter) Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Academics at ECU Immerse yourself in a vibrant and academically rigorous community built around twelve colleges and schools, including eight that offer undergraduate degree programs. Find your passion Still deciding on a major? Explore degrees offered at ECU. Chart your course With more than 170 degree options, ECU offers opportunities for every interest. Apply now to claim your treasure. Elite Research Institution ECU is an R1 research institution , a designation given to the top research universities in the U.S. ECU is recognized as a top research university in producing health care professionals in N.C. Graduate programs, U.S. News & World Report For commitment to economic engagement In the news More news Welcome to the big leagues Miami Marlins manager and ECU alumnus Clayton McCullough shares lessons learned on the diamond with new ECU graduates. Creating leaders Digital humanities mapping projects are teaching students leadership, technology and accessibility skills they can apply in the future. Dean retires a US Navy captain The Brody School of Medicine’s Jason Higginson says the Navy gave him all the leadership training he will ever need. Counseling students work with therapy animals Dogs and horses are wonderful friends. ECU students are learning how to make them part of their treatment options. Graduate Profiles: Fall 2025 Meet the fall graduates whose diverse journeys reflect resilience, purpose and a commitment to serving their communities. Pirate profiles Student: RaSheeda Waddell Staff: Quinten Robinson Campus Snapshot Explore ECU through the lenses of our university’s photographers. Virtual tour Schedule a visit ECU Flickr gallery ECU at a glance Take a quick, by-the-numbers look at our university. Discover more Upcoming events Event calendar Academic calendar Jan 07 Inside Pirate Nation: Invest in Your Future 12:00 am  to 7:15 pm Jan 14 Inside Pirate Nation: Explore ECU Academics 6:00 pm  to 7:15 pm Jan 21 Inside Pirate Nation: Life as a Pirate 6:00 pm  to 7:15 pm Email Canvas Colleges & Schools IT Help Safety Jobs Directory Maps Virtual Tour Transit ECU Online Global Affairs Outreach Student Stores Policies (PRR) Nondiscrimination/Title IX Freedom of Expression Hazing Prevention East Carolina University Greenville, NC 27858 | 252-328-6131 ©
							2025 | Terms of Use | Accessibility | Report a Barrier From The Princeton Review. ©2025 TPR Education. All rights reserved. Used under license. GIVE TO ECU APPLY