Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Pay Online
Library Services
Contact us
Student/ Staff Portal
Study
Research
Industry
Alumni
About
Apply
Enquire
Search
Menu
Current page,
Home
Let the festive season begin!

Wishing all our current students and staff a safe and happy holiday season, wherever you are in the world. Our Joondalup and South West campuses will reopen on 5 January, 2026.

Search our courses
Search ECU courses
View all courses

Wondering what to study? Try our Career Finder Quiz

Explore Study Areas
Arts & Humanities
Business & Law
Engineering & Technology
Medical & Health Sciences
Nursing & Midwifery
Science
Teacher Education
Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts
Browse all study areas
Future student quick links
Undergraduate
Undergraduate study
Online study
UniPrep
ECU City study
South West study
Early offer program
Entry pathways
School leaver pathways
Postgraduate
Postgraduate study
Online study
Research degrees
ECU City study
South West study
International
International study
Ask a student
ECU Authorised agents
ECU City study
Study Abroad and Exchange
Aboriginal &
Torres Strait Islander
Aboriginal & Torres
Strait Islander study
Online study
UniPrep
Entry pathways
School leaver pathways
Need some help deciding what to study?

Our future student events include a mix of on-campus and online sessions designed to help you decide what to study at ECU.

TUE
20
JAN
TUESDAY, 20 JANUARY
Postgraduate Information Evening
Time:
6:00pm
Venue:
Online
THU
22
JAN
THURSDAY, 22 JANUARY
Future Student Information Evening
Time:
5:30pm
Venue:
Joondalup Campus
Ready to apply?
Course chosen
- checked
Entry requirements met
- checked
Application closing date checked
Apply now
Got your offer email from ECU?

Don't delay. Head to our 'My-Uni-Start' site now to respond to your offer and kick off your ECU experience.

Respond now
Scholarships

We offer scholarships for all kinds of study and to all kinds of eligible applicants.

View our scholarships
Why study at ECU?
A great student experience

As an ECU undergraduate, you can expect the best overall student experience of any of the 38 public universities in Australia. More about QILT.

The highest quality teaching

ECU is one of the best unis in Australia for teaching. We've had 18 straight years of 5-star ratings in the Good Universities Guide to prove it!

One of the world's young guns

We're ranked one of the world's best universities under 50 years old, and we've already established a global reputation for such a young institution.

A unique campus to deliver unique experiences

ECU City has risen in the heart of Perth, making a striking mark on the landscape. But in late February 2026 when we open its doors, this world-class campus will make an even bigger mark on anyone who walks inside. Prepare to be excited.

Learn more about ECU City
ECU Research

ECU has a vibrant research community, actively supporting our student and staff researchers. We continually seek opportunities to collaborate with other universities and to work with organisations and businesses to commercialise research outcomes. Learn more about research at ECU.

World-Class Research

ECU research aims to transform the lives of people in global communities. Our work focuses on four themes that recognise our collective expertise and our progressive view of the world.

Explore Research Projects
Engage with us
A new roadmap to save Australia's seagrasses 

ECU research maps risks to Australian seagrass meadows, aiding crucial conservation efforts.

Lightning, fire and space: launching the IGNIS project

A collaborative ECU research project is using space technology to study thunderstorms and the lightning strikes that result in fires that can have devastating and deadly consequences in the Australian landscape.

Changing the future of plastic recycling

ECU’s Associate Professor Amir Razmjou is developing next-generation membranes from recycled PVC to process wastewater, minerals, and lithium.

ECU Newsroom

Our newsroom provides you with the latest information across News, Research, Opinion and Campus & Community.

ECU Holiday opening hours 2025-2026

Opening hours for ECU services supporting future, current and graduating students will be limited over the Christmas-New Year break.

ECU makes history with nation's first AIESEP Specialist Seminar

ECU in Bunbury has made history by hosting Australia's first AIESEP Specialist Seminar, uniting global leaders in Health and Physical Education to explore critical issues of body politics in movement.

NAIDOC Speaker Series leaves an inspiring mark at ECU in 2025

ECU's NAIDOC Speaker Series celebrated and explored the diversity and cultural richness of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and their deep connection to Country.

ECU hosts inspiring kick-start to PEAC

The annual PEAC Induction Program gives Year 4 students from across the northern suburbs an opportunity to meet fellow high-potential learners, participate in fun thought-provoking workshops, and engage with expert academics and students from ECU.

See all ECU Newsroom
ECU Extra

Articles to help you prepare for university study, discover careers and courses, prepare for employment and be inspired by student and graduate stories.

Paige turns to crime for a life in the lab

Like many school leavers, working out what she wanted to study at uni was a bit of a challenge for Paige Smith. She had a passion for all things science from a very young age, but where to start?

Thinking about a career switch? Study might be a good start

Every year in Australia, people decide that it's time for a career change. There are many reasons for this and equally many options to make it happen, including going back to study.

What's a double degree and why would you study one?

Having a university double degree doesn't mean you're doubling your employment opportunities. With the right course combination, it could be way more than that. It's like creating your own brand.

Why studying at university is a great way to travel

University study is way more than lectures, reading and assignments. As a student, you also have opportunities to travel overseas as part of your studies. And it looks good on your résumé.

See all ECU Extra
Indigenous recognition

ECU respects the Noongar people, the traditional custodians of the land on which our campuses are built. We're also committed to developing our Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander students and staff.

Our commitment to Indigenous Australians
Connect with us

We welcome new connections, especially from individuals or organisations who can collaborate with us to improve our student experience, teaching or research output.

Alumni and supporters

We encourage our growing global network of graduates to stay in touch and to benefit from ongoing career support, access to industry contacts and exciting events.

Giving to ECU

The ECU Foundation attracts philanthropic and non-philanthropic support from individuals, alumni, business organisations, industry leaders and the general community.

Employment opportunities

At ECU, we provide much more than just a workplace. Here it’s a place where you can be inspired to achieve great things, a place where you can collaborate and work with other enthusiastic and committed people.

Industry

ECU has partnerships with many industry groups. We collaborate with all sizes of businesses, including start-ups, not-for-profits and community organisations, government agencies and large corporates.

Ways to contact us
Opening Times

Monday-Friday 8.30am-5.00pm

It's now 8:30am in Perth

Contact us within Australia
Within Australia
Ask us
Enquiries
134 328
Contact us outside of Australia
International
Ask us
Enquiries
+61 8 6304 0000
Find an
authorised agent
Contact our Campuses
Campuses

Maps, directions and virtual tours for:

Joondalup
Mount Lawley
South West
Our socials
Essential information
CRICOS Provider No. 00279B
RTO Code 4756
TEQSA ID PRV12160,
Australian University
Accessibility
Complaints
Copyright
Disclaimer
Emergency
Privacy
Sitemap
You are currently viewing this website as a
Domestic Student
Domestic

You are an Australian Domestic Student if you are:

an Australian citizen,
an Australian permanent resident (holders of all categories of permanent residency visas, including humanitarian visas), or
a New Zealand citizen.
Continue as a Domestic Student
International

You are an International Student if you are:

a temporary resident of Australia,
a permanent resident of New Zealand, or
a resident or citizen of any other country.
Switch to International Student