Home - edc.org edc.org About People Careers Contact Partner Our Work Transformation Areas Learn Work Be Well Intersections Human-Centered AI Our Focus Areas Aging Child Health & Safety Crisis-Affected Contexts Early Childhood Development & Learning See More Global Impact United States Africa Asia Europe Middle East Latin America & the Caribbean Our Services Research & Evaluation Design & Development Implementation Policy EDC Solutions Insights Media Center Resources English EN عربى AR Français FR Español ES English EN Kreyòl Ayisyen HT 简体中文 zh-CN kiswahili SW About About People Careers Contact Partner Our Work Our Work Transformation Areas Learn Work Be Well Intersections Human-Centered AI Our Focus Areas Aging Child Health & Safety Crisis-Affected Contexts Early Childhood Development & Learning See More Global Impact United States Africa Asia Europe Middle East Latin America & the Caribbean Our Services Our Services Research & Evaluation Design & Development Implementation Policy EDC Solutions Insights Insights Media Center Resources Your browser does not support the video tag. We work with partners worldwide to advance every person’s journey to learn , work , and be well . We work with partners worldwide to advance every person’s journey to learn , work , and be well . EDC’s “Our World, Our Work” Initiative Hits Major Milestone, Reaches 250,000 Young People Announcement How to Protect Older Adults from Financial Fraud this Holiday Season Insight EDC Leads Evaluation of Exploring Career Connections in STEM Initiative Announcement Youth in Juba Celebrate how to Read, Write, and Do Math Insight Our Four Ambitions Today’s interconnected challenges need interconnected solutions. Our cross-cutting ambitions drive creative, collaborative approaches that champion individuals and strengthen systems across the world. 1. 2. 3. 4. Investing in Children’s Early Years We advance quality education and holistic care systems in early childhood, focusing on development, health, and the importance of strong adult relationships. Explore our work Building Resilient Skills We partner with communities, employers, governments, and funders to help ensure people have the future-ready skills, agency, and resilience to flourish in a changing world. Explore our work Supporting Education Teams and Systems We strengthen education systems by providing training to educators that foster adaptable, innovative learning environments to meet the evolving needs of learners. Explore our work Creating Healthy Environments We support well-being through data-driven solutions that integrate mental and physical health into the places we live, work, and learn, ensuring resilient, thriving communities. Explore our work News & Analysis Our expert analysis of the issues today is built on data-driven insights and decades of on-the-ground experience. In a rapidly changing, interconnected world, our challenges are growing more complex. Stay informed and make sense of it all with meaningful context, resources, and solutions from experts across EDC. Explore our insights 300+ projects worldwide We create lasting partnerships that champion individuals and strengthen systems. Explore Our Services Sign up to receive EDC news This field is required. This field is required. This field is required. Sign Up Thanks for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm your subscription. About Our Work Our Services Resources Careers Projects Contact Donate Ethics & Compliance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Annual Reports & Disclosures Your browser does not support the video tag. Transform Together Ethics & Compliance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Annual Reports & Disclosures © 2025 EDC. All rights reserved. Site credits.