Skip to Content
Library
School Edition
Products 
 English 
Log inSign up
Learn, teach, create!

The highest-quality courses offered through the most engaging learning platform.

Browse courses
Effective Learning

Our courses are the most effective way to learn. Browse the course library, pick your favorite topic and get started.

Powerful Teaching

The teacher portal offers powerful tools for teachers. Easily create classes, choose assignments, and monitor students’ progress.

Unleashed Creating

Teach any subject with edclub. Choose from an extensive catalog of interactive courses or create your own compelling content.

Products

Course collections from the edclub Library

The Original
TypingClub

Learn to touch type quickly and efficiently with TypingClub. With millions of users around the world, it is the most popular keyboarding application online today.

Learn more
The Amazing
Vocabulary & Spelling

Vocabulary & Spelling courses are carefully designed for each grade to cover topics such as prefixes and suffixes, Greek and Latin roots, base words, and grade-specific sight words.

Learn more
The Timely
Digital citizenship

Build all of the skills necessary to be a good digital citizen and savvy computer user, such as staying safe online, recognizing fake news, practicing netiquette, and working on your presentation and spreadsheet skills.

Learn more
The Thoughtful
Social Emotional learning

Explore, develop, and reflect upon crucial social and emotional skills spanning five engaging units across multiple levels. From social awareness to time management skills, our courses thoughtfully guide you through decision making and self-reflection.

Learn more

The Powerful

School Edition

edclub School Edition is a versatile teaching platform used by teachers, schools, and districts to teach a variety of subjects and track students’ progress. You can use it with content curated by edclub or create your own.

Learn more 
Easy Rostering

Student account setup is streamlined with custom CSV files, automated SFTP uploads, and integrations with Clever, ClassLink, and Google Classroom.

School & District View

Account management is a piece of cake with edclub’s powerful administration portal. Everyone has access to exactly what they need, right when they need it.

Advanced Analytics

edclub’s rich set of reporting tools provides teachers with the means to monitor students’ progress and helps students improve their performance.

Custom Assessments

Put your students’ knowledge to the test with our customizable testing tool. Reward them with personalized certificates of achievement.

23+ M

Students

50,000+

Schools & Districts

300,000+

Instructors




Trusted by 50K+ institutions

Some of the districts using edclub

The Incredible

Individual Edition

Individual learners can take advantage of the same quality content and customization features, all from the comfort of their personal account.

Rich Content Library

Choose your favorite subject from edclub’s extensive course library. Subjects include keyboarding, spelling, digital skills, and many others.

Accessibility Options

Learn along with your peers. edclub provides learners with physical challenges and visual impairments with a wide array of accessibility accommodations.

Gamified Learning

Stay engaged from start to finish. Earn stars, collect points, and see how others perform in comparison.

Engaging Experience

Mix up your learning methods. Listen to stories, play games, take quizzes, solve puzzles, or simply sit back and watch a video.

What Others Are Saying

Thank you for such a wonderful teaching experience! Also, a big thank you for providing it for free! I have recommended Typing Club to everyone I know. It has helped me to unlearn bad typing habits, improved my accuracy, and helped me feel confident about myself when I registered for school. This has helped me both in the classroom and outside the classroom, in the real world. Typing Club has helped me so much and I would like others to know the benefits of using such a wonderful typing program. Keep up the great work!

Monica Jaime

School edition user

I just wanted to send a note that I have been learning Dvorak through Typing Club and am incredibly impressed at the superior interface and insightful passages (learning while typing) that are both free and online. I think the website has shaved weeks off an otherwise-arduous Dvorak learning experience, and I am thankful that it made it so pleasant and fun as well. Keep up the great work, and I’m excited to see what else edclub comes up with next!

Annie Sun

School edition user

Once upon a time, I came across your webpage, and it changed everything. I’m a dev in my profession, so you understand the necessity of fast typing ^_^. I really enjoyed each and every part of the courses you provide, it’s worth every penny. The structure, design, simplicity, and many many other things. Folks I just wanna say: THANK YOU for being awesome. Wish you’ll stay around and prosper for many years to come.

Ivan Evstegneev

Individual user

1701 Pennsylvania Ave. NW,
Suite 200
Washington, DC 20006
Products
TypingClub
Vocabulary & Spelling
Digital Citizenship
Social Emotional Learning
Reading
Financial Literacy
Editions
School Edition
Resources
Help Center
Support
Find your school
Cookie Consent
Company
About Us
Careers
Terms & Services
Privacy Policy
© edclub - 2011-2025
Follow us   
 
 
 
Your Privacy
By clicking "Accept all cookies", you agree edclub can store cookies on your device in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept all cookies
Customize settings