Edinburgh Festival Fringe Skip to main content Advertisement Donate FAQs Venue map Accessibility Go to homepage Menu Take part Back Take part Artists Back Artists Resources and guidance for artists bringing a show to the Fringe. Organise a show Participate in the Fringe Street Events Promote a show Support for artists Arts industry Back Arts industry Help and guidance for navigating the world’s largest arts marketplace. Arts industry services Accreditation First time at Fringe Media Running a venue Back Running a venue Advice and guidance for running a Fringe venue. Register a venue Codes and legal requirements Workers and volunteers Support for participants Back Support for participants Find out about our work to help people participate in the Fringe. Fringe Central Services directory Useful contacts FAQs for artists Getting started Find out how you can get involved with the Edinburgh Festival Fringe Experience Back Experience Explore the Fringe Back Explore the Fringe Get to know one of the greatest celebrations of arts and culture on the planet. What is the Edinburgh Festival Fringe? Fringe Street Events Watch exclusive content Plan your visit Back Plan your visit Discover the essential information you'll need to plan a trip to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Visiting Edinburgh Fringe programme Fringe app Fringe Box Office Fringe venues Local business directory Plan your travel with Omio Accessibility Back Accessibility Find out about the various measures we've introduced to make the Edinburgh Fringe more accessible. Venue Access Awards School and community engagement Back School and community engagement Find out about the Fringe Society's engagement work with schools and communities. School and community projects Schools and teachers Community groups Community ticketing initiative Sign up to our newsletter Be first to know about any news relating to Fringe 2026 Support us Back Support us Fringe Friends Donate Back Donate Help support the charitable work of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe Society. Philanthropic giving US supporters Leave a legacy Give someone a stage Keep it Fringe Support the new Fringe Central Corporate partnerships Back Corporate partnerships Benefit from the Fringe’s phenomenal reach and exposure whilst supporting the world's largest arts festival. Become a Sponsor Network Friends 2025 Partners Advertise with us Fringe Alumni Club Donate to the Fringe Support freedom of expression. About us Back About us History of the Fringe The Fringe Society Back The Fringe Society Learn about the Edinburgh Festival Fringe Society and how it supports the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Our team Fringe Society membership Our review of the year Our vision and values Back Our vision and values Read about the Edinburgh Fringe's goals for thriving artists, fair work, climate action and more. Improving access Supporting artists Sustainability Work with us Back Work with us The Fringe Society supports artists and venues, offering career opportunities for passionate individuals. Current vacancies News and blog Newsletters Contact us The Fringe Society Read about the organisation that underpins the Fringe. Shop Shows Donate FAQs Venue map Accessibility Shows Basket Account Create account Sign in Profile My planner Favourites Sign out Search Shop Shows What are you looking for? Search Search Looking for a show? Search for shows instead The Edinburgh Festival Fringe The world’s greatest platform for creative freedom The Edinburgh Festival Fringe will return from 07 – 31 August 2026. Learn more Help us give anyone a stage and everyone a seat Support us to ensure that the Fringe remains the greatest platform for creative freedom on the planet. Support us Toggle autoplay EXPERIENCE Discover the Fringe For three weeks in August, Edinburgh welcomes an explosion of creative energy from around the globe. Artists and performers present shows that span many genres including cabaret, children's shows, comedy, dance, physical theatre, circus, music, musicals, opera and theatre. Learn more EXPERIENCE Plan your visit The Edinburgh Festival Fringe will return from 07 - 31 August 2026. Discover the essential information you'll need to plan a trip to the Fringe, from show reveal dates to the official programme launch and more. Learn more EXPERIENCE Watch Exclusive Content Watch exclusive videos and step into the heart of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Discover exclusive behind-the-scenes interviews, captivating artist stories and original content about the world's greatest arts festival. Learn more Support our work The Fringe Society, a registered charity, depends on support from people like you. Your generosity allows us to continue our work: supporting artists, assisting audiences, and celebrating the Fringe and what it stands for all over the world. Every donation makes a difference. Donate Learn more News and blog View all Blog The new Fringe Central: engaging with local schools 16 December 2025 We're working with local schools to ensure our new home is a valued part of the community Read more Blog Here's how Keep it Fringe funding supported artists in 2025 10 December 2025 The fund awards grants of £2,500 to Fringe artists in an effort to remove some of the financial challenges of bringing a show to the Fringe. Read more News We've published our review of the year 2025 02 December 2025 The review rounds up all the great work the Fringe Society has accomplished over the past 12 months. Read more Advertisement Get the latest from the Fringe Follow our social media channels or subscribe to our newsletter to get the latest news. Subscribe to Fringe news Follow us Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube LinkedIn Threads Contact us +44 (0) 131 226 0026 180 High Street, Edinburgh, EH1 1QS, United Kingdom Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube LinkedIn Threads Take part Artists Arts industry Media Running a venue Workers and volunteers Support for participants Experience What is the Edinburgh Festival Fringe? Plan your visit Fringe Street Events Accessibility School and community engagement Support us Fringe Friends Donate Corporate partnerships Advertise with us About us History of the Fringe The Fringe Society Our vision and values Work with us News and blog Newsletters Contact us Legal information Sitemap Privacy Settings © 2025 EFFS Registered Charity SC002995 Subscribe to Fringe news Subscribe to receive regular bulletins from the Fringe Society with news and information to help you plan your Fringe visit. Loading