Home
Hosting
Legal documents
Sign upSubmit a request
en
am
Submit a request
Menu
Reliable IT infrastructure for businesses

World-class cloud and edge solutions cover all your needs

Sign upSubmit Request
Coverage

We cover the entire territory of Russia and Kazakhstan

Continuous monitoring

Certified Tier III data centers

High speed

10+ Tbps daily peak loads

Power

3,000+ physical servers

Customer responsiveness

Proactive support 24/7

Services
Hosting

Powerful virtual and dedicated servers

Soon
CDN

A global network to deliver any content

Soon
Cloud

Reliable, flexible infrastructure for businesses

Soon
DNS

Fast DNS hosting to speed up your web services

What we offer
Reduce latency

We'll speed up your web resources and provide instant access to your content from anywhere.

Financial benefits

We reduce the burden on equipment and personnel, and lower your infrastructure development costs.

Advanced protection

We have a secure IT infrastructure and reliable tools to protect your content from DDoS attacks, hackers, and bots.

Convenient control panel
Connect/disconnect more servers
Purchase more IPv4 and IPv6 addresses
Manage additional services
Get detailed statistics
Go to control panel
EdgeAM is your reliable IT partner
Always willing to go the extra mile

Need a special feature? We'll add it for you! We welcome customer feedback and are constantly improving our services.

We'll cover all your technical needs

We have services for fast content delivery, reliable data storage, and the infrastructure to host any project.

Always ready to help

Our proactive tech support team is available 24/7. We'll solve any issue, assist with the services, and provide detailed guidance.

Can't find the right solution for you?
We're happy to offer customized terms. Submit a request, and we'll get in touch.
Submit Request
Cutting-edge IT services from a single provider
Sign upSubmit Request
We are ready to offer the best solution for your online project
sales@edgeam.am
Contact phone number:+374 123 125 30
All transactions are carried out exclusively using the 3D Secure system. The card details of the holder making the transaction are protected:
If the cardholder's card currency does not match the transaction currency, the conversion is carried out in accordance with the rules established by the relevant payment and settlement system and the bank that issued the card.
Submit a request
NamePlease specify your nameEmailPlease specify your EmailPhonePlease specify your phone numberPlease tell us about your challenge
Confirm that you are not a robot
Send
Your request has been successfully sent!
We will get in touch with you shortly
Something-went wrong
You can try again now or later
Try again