The Harris Poll UK | Diligently advocating for customer needs in a demanding world 0 Skip to Content Company About Us Data & Protection Media Careers Our Services Customer Experience Customer Closeness On-Demand Polling Blog & Papers Blog Papers 2025 Studies Customer Experience Index Corporate Reputation Index CONTACT US Open Menu Close Menu Company About Us Data & Protection Media Careers Our Services Customer Experience Customer Closeness On-Demand Polling Blog & Papers Blog Papers 2025 Studies Customer Experience Index Corporate Reputation Index CONTACT US Open Menu Close Menu Folder: Company Back About Us Data & Protection Media Careers Folder: Our Services Back Customer Experience Customer Closeness On-Demand Polling Folder: Blog & Papers Back Blog Papers Folder: 2025 Studies Back Customer Experience Index Corporate Reputation Index CONTACT US Diligently advocating for customer needs in a demanding world The Harris Poll UK, a Stagwell company, is a leading market research agency that provides some of the UK’s best-loved brands with game-changing insights. We’re the makers of mutual advantage for companies, their customers and their employee communities. From our 25 years of experience working with blue-chip clients in the UK, we know that when a company’s Business Strategy and Customer Strategy are one and the same thing, brands and their employees are better placed for success. Who are we? Our Team We’re proactive, can-do research professionals who have been at the forefront of digital methodologies since 1999. We deliver award-winning Customer Experience (CX) and Customer Closeness programmes for an extensive list of global blue-chip organisations. Our Technology We’re made smarter, faster and more innovative by our proprietary, real-time technology and our pioneering behavioural System 1 tools that ascertain emotional needs. We’re yielding game-changing insights for our clients at pace and creating the blueprints that build long-standing customer loyalty. Our Purpose We’re an extension of our clients’ teams , collectively empowered to better understand customer experiences and priorities through powerful data connectivity, built-in research agility, and sector expertise - all accessed through our Flexible Service Model. Learn more How can we help? Customer Experience We undertake CX research to identify issues with existing experiences, services and products that are putting customer lifetime value at risk. Find out more on customer experience Customer Closeness We create and manage high-quality, customer-centric touch points that bring our clients closer to their end-users and unlock timely insights. Find out more on customer closeness Custom Research We connect our clients with their target audiences. We shape custom, ad-hoc quant/qual studies and provide real time access to results. Find out more on custom research On-Demand Polling We capture real-time insights directly from UK consumers. Test ideas, gauge awareness or quantify attitudes, without delay. Find Out More About On-Demand Polling Need to get in touch? To learn more about The Harris Poll UK’s research solutions and how we can help you, please get in touch with the team Contact Us Read our latest insights Access our latest proprietary research, view recent consumer insights from our Omnibus, and hear directly from our Advisory experts on the latest industry trends. visit our blog Subscribe to our newsletter Get updates on the latest news and insights from The Harris Poll UK team, directly to your inbox. About Contact Us Terms Privacy Modern Day Slavery Act © 2025 THE HARRIS POLL UK. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.