Edinburgh Live: Edinburgh News, Sport & What's On edinburghlive Load mobile navigation News Latest News Edinburgh News Traffic and Travel Politics Crime Property Jobs History News by Area Expand In Your Area Best in Edinburgh Food and Drink Gigs and Clubs Shopping Things To Do Family and Kids Stay In Expand Sport Hibs Hearts Edinburgh City Expand Partner Stories Fun Stuff Who We Are SUBSCRIBE Follow us Funeral Notices Public Notices Jobs Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Signup In Your Area mynewsassistant Contact Us Beauty Box Subscription Yimbly Shop About Us Work for us Advertise with Us Public Notices Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice AI Notice Cookie Notice Newsletter Signup Syndication & Licensing RSS feeds © 2025 MGN Limited Major Edinburgh road closed as police rush to crash outside Waitrose supermarket Just after 5pm on December 31, Morningside Road was shut by police and buses diverted after a crash outside a Waitrose supermarket. Bookmark Terrified Edinburgh mums hear 'screams' at soft play as incident leaves kids injured Leith The pair had to take their young daughters to hospital following the incident, with X-rays revealing they had both sustained painful injuries. Bookmark West Lothian car veers off road in early morning Hogmanay crash as arrest made Police Scotland Police were made aware of the two-vehicle incident on the A89, Broxburn, and the road was partially blocked for some time. There were no reports of any injuries. Bookmark Edinburgh Grassmarket businesses hit with power cuts as they fear Hogmanay 'blackout' Hogmanay Around 30 restaurants and bars in the Grassmarket have allegedly been ‘crippled’ by a significant loss to Christmas trade due to ongoing network energy failures. Bookmark Moment major Edinburgh police presence swoops on fan 'disorder' outside ground Police Scotland Footage captured from the scene shows a large emergency response with around three police vehicles in shot. It comes as officers were responding to reports of disorder. Bookmark Edinburgh dad with MND 'who needs help putting gloves on' sets sights on Paralympics Paralympic games "I thought I wouldn’t even be here within two years of diagnosis, and now I’m racing for a Paralympic place. This disease has taken so much, but it’s also given me one last chance to live the dream I had as a kid." Bookmark Edinburgh police called to 'disorder' before Hibs game as one arrested near stadium Police Scotland Police were called to an area near the stadium on Tuesday evening, and are now investigating the incident. Bookmark Edinburgh residents left without hot water over Christmas 'stripped of dignity' Granton The issue arose for a number of residents ahead of Christmas after essential work caused a leak. Since Christmas Eve, many have spent the festive period with no heating or hot water. Bookmark Edinburgh soldier shot in Afghanistan shares pride in looking after famous mascot Armed Forces Corporal Rory Stewart, who was badly injured after being shot in 2010, explained the importance of his role, which dates back almost 100 years. Bookmark Edinburgh police car responding to incident collides with vehicle as four injured Police Scotland All four people were treated at the scene by medics. The officers involved were not injured. Police also confirmed inquiries into the incident are ongoing. Bookmark Depraved Edinburgh man who carried out series of horrific attacks on children jailed Courts Brian Stobie, 70, was sentenced to 12 years and nine months for the offences. Bookmark Edinburgh ScotRail passengers urged to check journeys as services to wind down early on Hogmanay ScotRail The rail operator is encouraging passengers to plan their train journeys in advance, as services over the New Year period will be reduced, with a revised timetable. Bookmark Edinburgh gran gets knock at the door and is left heartbroken just minutes later Christmas A granny had her Christmas presents stolen by heartless thieves who knocked on her door in Edinburgh on Saturday, November 30, and asked to use her bathroom. Bookmark Edinburgh student mum survives health scare to follow in midwife daughter's footsteps Napier University Jilliane McAdam received her BM Midwifery degree alongside her fellow School of Health & Social Care classmates during a ceremony at Edinburgh's Usher Hall. Bookmark Tragedy as Edinburgh man dies in hospital after crash with bus in city centre Police Scotland He was taken to hospital by the Scottish Ambulance Service where he sadly died, six days later on Saturday, October 4. No one else was injured. Bookmark Edinburgh man's heartfelt message to fans after Married at First Sight exit Married at First Sight Paul Richardson, 60, and his surprise bride Anita, became the first couple to leave the new series of the hit E4 reality show on Sunday, October 4. Bookmark Edinburgh worker 'sacked for bringing girlfriend to work office party' LGBTQ+ rights Lou Beardsmore, 46, was just 25-years-old at the time and working her 'dream job' in financial services in Edinburgh, when she nervously came out to a few trusted colleagues in the lead-up to the company’s festive night out. Bookmark Win a luxurious two-night trip to Belfast with Aer Lingus and Titanic Hotel Belfast Things To Do We have a fantastic trip up for grabs, with breakfast and dinner included and a visit to the Game of Thrones Studio Bookmark Busy East Lothian road closed and buses diverted as blaze breaks out at flats Musselburgh Police have also advised locals to avoid the area as crews work to ventilate the property following a blaze. Bookmark Elegant five-bed Edinburgh townhouse in sought-after location hits the market for £2m Property The home has been decorated and finished to an incredibly high standard and is available in move in condition. Bookmark 'I run one of Edinburgh's last village inns and one thing changed everything' Edinburgh bars and pubs Covid almost finished them off if not for a benevolent backer, and successive government policy decisions north and south of the border have created massive hurdles. Bookmark Join Edinburgh Live's WhatsApp community for breaking news and top headlines In The News Edinburgh Live is launching a WhatsApp community where you will receive the latest news and top headlines straight to your phone. Bookmark Midlothian company director who killed woman in crash took cocaine the previous day Courts Christopher Lynn, 32, was behind the wheel of the car while in the 'comedown phase from cocaine' when he killed a 64-year-old woman in a three-car collision. Bookmark Storm Amy triggers huge Edinburgh Bypass delays as drivers battle wet conditions Traffic and Travel Drivers heading on to the Edinburgh Bypass have been warned of lengthy delays as Storm Amy brings adverse weather conditions, with surface water covering roads. Bookmark Fancy a slice? Win a year's supply of pizza courtesy of Craft Pizza Things To Do To celebrate the launch of Craft Pizza, ten lucky winners will win a whole year’s supply of delicious pizzas Bookmark Edinburgh woman appalled as man shows her despicable photo of friend outside Greggs Crime The woman said she thought Skura was going to reveal a picture of her friend’s face but was shocked when he showed her an intimate photograph of her friend. Bookmark Edinburgh tourist goes viral with reaction to hearing bagpipes for first time TikTok A Brazilian tourist went viral after a video was posted of her bursting into tears on Princes Street after arriving in Edinburgh. Bookmark Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden's 'heartbreaking reality' and 'in tears' Strictly Come Dancing Strictly Come Dancing professional Amy Dowden opened up about her emotional journey during the 2024 series, admitting she was 'crying every night' Bookmark Exact time Edinburgh set for snow and sleet showers as freezing conditions continue Weather On Tuesday, temperatures will peak at 3C before dropping to -1C overnight. The capital is set to face light snow showers and a gentle breeze as the week goes on. Bookmark East Lothian RNLI crews rush to rescue adult and children 'disorientated' at bay RNLI The volunteers assisted local Coastguard Rescue Teams and Police Scotland to search for the group. As they made their way there, they were told the casualties had become disorientated. Bookmark West Lothian man sheds remarkable 9 stone after 'worrying about theme park rides' Health Lewis, 33, and Sheena, 31, say walking through the doors of Sue Scorer’s East Calder Slimming World group changed everything. They felt understood and supported. Bookmark Ten forgotten Edinburgh pubs that were guaranteed to be packed on Hogmanay Hogmanay From Sportsters to Jekyll and Hyde, these beloved Edinburgh pubs were once popular New Year's Eve destinations but have since closed their doors Bookmark Scotland bank holidays 2026: Nine dates confirmed including Boxing Day substitute Holidays Scotland enjoys nine bank holidays in 2026 compared to England's eight, with Boxing Day falling on Saturday creating a substitute Monday holiday Bookmark Edinburgh Ryanair flight drama as 'items stolen from trolley' on Christmas Eve Edinburgh Airport A passenger onboard the flight captured the moment an announcement was made, asking the alleged thief to hand over the stolen items. Bookmark Edinburgh Hogmanay kick starts as images show huge crowds for Torchlight Procession Hogmanay This year's procession was sold out as Scotland goalkeeper Craig Gordon started the iconic event, alongside Vikings from Shetland’s South Mainland Up Helly Aa’ Jarl Squad. Bookmark Daniel gangsters 'boast of planning brutal Spain shootings from Dubai' Crime Two Daniel crime clan members in Dubai are allegedly claiming responsibility for orchestrating the executions of Ross Monaghan and Eddie Lyons in Spain, according to underworld sources Bookmark Edinburgh mum and daughter in 'unbearable pain' and 'pass out' due to same condition Health Melanie Stronach, 53, was diagnosed with endometriosis at the age of 32 after suffering from very heavy, painful periods since she was a teenager. Bookmark East Lothian woman 'can't wait' to celebrate the festivities after shedding 10st Weight loss The moment that changed everything for her was seeing her wedding photos. Bookmark Moment West Lothian car explodes into flames after being torched outside homes West Lothian Footage taken from the scene show Scottish Fire and Rescue in attendance before police arrive. A van was also damaged as a result and the blaze is being treated as wilful. Bookmark East Lothian fishing community 'optimistic' two months on from blaze at vital store East Lothian Locals have rallied with donations after the devastating fire which tore through a vital fishing store two months ago. Bookmark EasyJet flight lands in Edinburgh due to 'adverse weather' at airport 800 miles away easyJet easyJet flight U22261 left Manchester at 5.45pm and was set to land in Reykjavik at 6.40pm, however the flight diverted to the Scottish capital and landed around 10.20pm. Bookmark East Lothian schools given new cyber bullying guidance as incidents spark concern East Lothian Online bullying can involve sharing of inappropriate links like the footage of the shooting of American activist Charlie Kirk which it was claimed was sent to pupils earlier this year Bookmark Win the ultimate Thorpe Park Fright Nights® experience and overnight stay Things To Do We’ve partnered with Thorpe Park to give one lucky winner a full Fright Nights® experience for four — all-day entry, Ultimate Fastrack (including a one shot Hyperia Fastrack ticket), access to all 4 live-action scare mazes and an overnight stay at the Thorpe Shark Cabins to complete your scare-filled experience. Bookmark Strictly Come Dancing's Anton Du Beke's devastating reason for not having more kids Strictly Come Dancing Strictly Come Dancing professional Anton Du Beke and his wife Hannah welcomed twins eight years ago following a battle with endometriosis and IVF treatment Bookmark Edinburgh Airport passenger caught smuggling 40 vacuum-sealed packs 'for a friend' Courts Tyler Stechling, 20, was caught by Border Force after attempting to smuggle a large amount of cannabis in 40 vacuum-sealed packages 'for a friend'. Bookmark Man jailed 10 years for 'abhorrent' crimes in Edinburgh causing 'lasting harm' Police Scotland Walter Masocha, 61, has been jailed for 10 years for a number of sexual offences, including attempted rape, committed against two women. Bookmark Win the ultimate all-inclusive festive family getaway to Butlin’s Things To Do Win an all-inclusive festive family getaway to Butlin’s — with premium dining, drinks package and accommodation included — plus entertainment and a meet-and-greet with Father Christmas. Bookmark Devastated Edinburgh sister in heartfelt tribute to 'happy go lucky' brother Real Life Hibs will take on FC Midtjylland at Easter Road on Thursday July 31 in their Europa League second stage qualifier and the family have asked for supporters to pay tribute to Jamie's life and dedication to the Leith side. Bookmark Scottish mum 'devastated' as bloated stomach diagnosed as stage four cancer Health Rae showed no signs of illness before being given the devastating diagnosis. Unfortunately, the cancer had already spread throughout her lower body as she was informed a cure was 'unlikely' Bookmark Win London family stay in DoubleTree by Hilton hotel with tickets to RSC's Matilda The Musical Things To Do We're giving away an overnight stay for a family of four, with dinner bed and breakfast at a DoubleTree by Hilton London hotel and tickets to see the West End smash hit, Matilda The Musical. Bookmark Edinburgh St James Quarter Bonnie & Wild to open new Açaí and yoghurt bowl venue Restaurants in Edinburgh Bowl Out will open on Friday offering a range of healthy and super food açai bowl options - making it the venue's 14th food offer in the dining hall. Bookmark Five spots to escape the Edinburgh Festival Fringe crowds and find serenity Edinburgh Festival Fringe The city centre is buzzing with life and there are few better ways to spend a day from dusk til dawn than pottering about the food stands and taking in some free shows. Bookmark Edinburgh and Lothians start year with cold snap as temperatures plummet to -3C Weather From Wednesday, December 31, to Sunday, January 4, the highest temperature will be 4C before plummeting to -3C on Saturday. The city will face sharp frosts in the evening after sunny spells throughout the day. Bookmark Bus diversions in place as Edinburgh's Hogmanay events get underway Hogmanay As the capital's Hogmanay festivities begin tonight, buses will be diverted throughout the city centre until January 1 to accommodate events. Bookmark When an Edinburgh 'Romeo and Juliet relationship' led to fatal night of violence at city pub People Fuelled by cocaine, Bain had targeted relatives of his partner Dionne Hendry, a member of the notorious Hendry clan with its reputation for violence. Bookmark Win the ultimate festive short break at Alton Towers Resort Things To Do Don't miss your chance to win a magical Santa Sleepover at Alton Towers Resort - where you'll also enjoy a festive evening meal, a Christmas panto, entry to the waterpark , a round of Extraordinary Golf, and an unforgettable visit to Santa’s enchanting grotto. Bookmark Edinburgh's forgotten plans for 'festival centre' that would have reshaped capital Places The radical vision was dreamt up by architects Michael Laird and Douglas Laird in association with Alan Reiach Bookmark Myleene Klass confirms 'brutal request' mistress of her ex-husband made People Singer and TV presenter Myleene Klass has spoken about the moment she caught her ex-husband Graham Quinn cheating and the request one of his 'mistresses' made Bookmark Every Tsunami alert from US to Japan after mega 8.8 magnitude earthquake Real Life A massive 8.8 magnitude earthquake has struck off the coast of eastern Russia leading to a series of tsunami warnings in the region - here are the latest updates on alerts for the US, Russia and Japan Bookmark The Edinburgh teen mob riots that rocked city housing estate for two full days People It was two nights of carnage that rocked a community and left several police officers injured as they fought up to 200 youths. We take a look back at the Craigmillar riots which broke out over a 48-hour period in 1994. Bookmark DVLA bans 464 number plates ahead of new 'registration plate launch' DVLA The new 75 registration plate comes into force from September 1 but the DVLA has banned a series of number plates that could cause offence or be deemed inappropriate Bookmark Zara and Mike Tindall's 14-year love story from first date to 'telling nicknames' Royal Family Mike and Zara Tindall are celebrating 14 years of marriage, having tied the knot in a stunning ceremony in 2011, attended by the entire Royal Family Bookmark Moment Edinburgh gang target charitable scheme shop causing thousands in damage Crime Zahid Iqbal said the attempted break-in was devastating and the financial impact of the incident will be hard felt. Bookmark Coin minted 900 years ago in Edinburgh discovered in Midlothian woods History The coin was valued at £15,000 Bookmark Edinburgh bypass collision triggers delays for drivers as A720 restricted City Bypass Drivers have been urged to use caution Bookmark West Lothian star Susan Boyle serenades Timothee Chalamet in birthday tribute Susan Boyle Susan Boyle sent a birthday message to actor Timothee Chalamet on Saturday Bookmark Remembering when Brigitte Bardot caused a frenzy in an East Lothian town East Lothian Tributes have been pouring in for the iconic actress Bookmark 'Unoccupied' Edinburgh van collides with cyclists as two rushed to hospital Traffic and Travel A 25-year-old man and a 27-year-old woman were taken to hospital for treatments on injuries they sustained after a collision with an unoccupied van. Bookmark Tragedy as Edinburgh woman found dead at home on Christmas Eve Police Scotland Edibnurgh police were called to an address in the west of the capital after reports of a woman taking unwell. Bookmark Edinburgh children's play park taped off as officer 'stands guard' Police Scotland Tape can be seen around the popular play park with one local reportedly seeing an officer standing guard over the site from 7am on Sunday December 28. Bookmark Edinburgh News Morningside Major Edinburgh road closed as police rush to crash outside Waitrose supermarket Just after 5pm on December 31, Morningside Road was shut by police and buses diverted after a crash outside a Waitrose supermarket. Bookmark Terrified Edinburgh mums hear 'screams' at soft play as incident leaves kids injured Leith The pair had to take their young daughters to hospital following the incident, with X-rays revealing they had both sustained painful injuries. Bookmark Edinburgh Grassmarket businesses hit with power cuts as they fear Hogmanay 'blackout' Hogmanay Around 30 restaurants and bars in the Grassmarket have allegedly been ‘crippled’ by a significant loss to Christmas trade due to ongoing network energy failures. Bookmark West Lothian car veers off road in early morning Hogmanay crash as arrest made Police Scotland Police were made aware of the two-vehicle incident on the A89, Broxburn, and the road was partially blocked for some time. There were no reports of any injuries. Bookmark Moment major Edinburgh police presence swoops on fan 'disorder' outside ground Police Scotland Footage captured from the scene shows a large emergency response with around three police vehicles in shot. It comes as officers were responding to reports of disorder. Bookmark Best in Edinburgh Shopping Man opens 'random' parcel delivery and is floored by the item inside A man was left baffled after receiving an unexpected parcel containing a mysterious cylindrical object that looks identical to an item seen in a popular film and video game franchise Bookmark Shoppers dash to Aldi as meat and cheese prices slashed on NYE - list UK & World News Aldi has cut the prices of many items on New Year's Eve Bookmark Major passport changes begin today as validity rules explained UK & World News New versions are now in use Bookmark 'Calming' £3 Aldi item 'helps refresh homes ready for 2026' Shopping Shoppers 'loved' Aldi's new scented homeware item when it was posted on social media Bookmark 'Pretty' £8 Primark item 'perfect for sorting makeup' rivals Space NK version Shopping Shoppers have praised the 'adorable' new beauty product that's gone viral on social media Bookmark Traffic and Travel Traffic and Travel 'Unoccupied' Edinburgh van collides with cyclists as two rushed to hospital A 25-year-old man and a 27-year-old woman were taken to hospital for treatments on injuries they sustained after a collision with an unoccupied van. Bookmark Edinburgh rail passengers get new service as ScotRail issues festive timetable Traffic and Travel ScotRail issue update ahead of festive train timetable with new services running from the capital to Fife and Aberdeen. Customers have been warned to check ahead of time before travelling. Bookmark Two-car crash on busy Midlothian road as emergency services scrambled to scene Traffic and Travel The incident took place around 12.50pm on Tuesday, December 23 and emergency services remain in attendance hours later. Bookmark Busy Edinburgh junction closed after two-car rush hour collision Traffic and Travel A busy road junction was closed following a two-vehicle collision during rush hour in the west of the capital. Bookmark Motorists warned as West Lothian road shut from collision involving car and motorbike Traffic and Travel The event resulted in the closure of the A7066 between the Boghall Roundabout and the Inchwood Roundabout. Bookmark Hearts Midlothian Heartfelt tributes to Midlothian dad after sudden passing weeks before Christmas Michael Ditty, 42, from Dalkeith, sadly passed away last week before his family were informed of his death on Saturday, December 6. He leaves behind his son Asher, and wife Shirley Bookmark Man arrested after alleged assault of Hearts player during match at Dundee Utd Crime The 23-year-old was charged following the incident which took place at Tannadice Stadium in Dundee on Sunday, August 10. Bookmark Edinburgh Hearts player victim of 'reckless act' as police investigate incident Heart of Midlothian FC The incident took place during their dramatic Scottish Premiership clash with Dundee United on Sunday. The object was thrown during the match at Tannadice Stadium Bookmark Edinburgh police release CCTV images of men following 'disorder' at Hearts match Heart of Midlothian FC The incident occurred during the Scottish cup semi-final on Saturday, April 19, at Hampden Park at approximately 12.30pm. Officers are keen to speak to the men pictured. Bookmark Derek McInnes confirmed as new Hearts manager following Neil Critchley sacking Heart of Midlothian FC The Jambos have been on the lookout for a new manager since sacking Neil Critchley last month, and the capital club have got their man Bookmark Hibs Police Scotland Edinburgh police called to 'disorder' before Hibs game as one arrested near stadium Police were called to an area near the stadium on Tuesday evening, and are now investigating the incident. Bookmark Hooligan launched cone at Edinburgh fans during mass city centre post-match rammy Crime Cruz Dunbar acted in a culpable and reckless manner when he launched a traffic cone at opposing fans when Hibs and Motherwell thugs clashed in the capital’s city centre Bookmark Edinburgh security guard filmed snorting white powder during Hibs v Rangers match Easter Road Stadium A supporter at Easter Road Stadium appears to give the employee a key of the suspected drugs during the Scottish Premiership match. Bookmark Moment Edinburgh police draw batons in face-off with fans at derby match Police Scotland Some Hibs supporters were left with serious head injuries as one fan claimed they required stitches to the back of their head following a 'baton blow.' Bookmark Fundraiser launched for 'outstanding' Edinburgh Hibs fan who died suddenly in his sleep Hibernian FC Mark Strachan, 59, sadly died suddenly during the early hours on Thursday October 9, coming as a complete shock to his family. A fundraiser has been launched in his memory. Bookmark Salt and Sauce Salt and Sauce People with perfect vision struggle to see woman in 'frustrating' optical illusion A confusing optical illusion has left people scratching their heads, and even those with perfect vision are struggling to see the "creepy" hidden image in the picture. Bookmark The optical illusion that only two per cent of people can spot the hidden images in Salt and Sauce An optical illusion is baffling people online, with only two per cent of people able to spot the hidden images within it - after it was originally created by Ukrainian artist Oleg Shupliak. Bookmark 25 of the best words that have a totally different meaning in Scotland Salt and Sauce Often confusing visitors, there are some fantastic slang phrases out there, some which are only used in Edinburgh, and others which span throughout the country. Bookmark The Edinburgh attractions you'll definitely have visited if you grew up in the 00s Salt and Sauce From 'chaos rules' parties at the Logy Gym to sticking your hand in the iceberg at Dynamic Earth, you definitely weren't an Edinburgh 00s kid if you can't check off a few of these. Bookmark Edinburgh homeowner in stitches as squirrel clambers inside top bathroom window Animals The Edinburgh resident was more than surprised to discover the grey squirrel had made it's way up to the first floor and in through the bathroom window this week. Bookmark UK and World News UK & World News State Pension age rises from April as DWP changes affect millions The State Pension age is increasing from 66 to 67 from April, with the change due to be completed by 2028. Around 3 million people could see delays to their retirement plans if further increases to age 68 are brought forward. Bookmark NHS urges people taking lansoprazole to call 111 ‘straight away’ over ‘red rash’ symptom UK & World News A variety of symptoms associated with taking lansoprazole could warrant a call to your GP Bookmark 'Be prepared' - expert warns of three financial changes in 2026 UK & World News 2025 had its share of turbulence but expert Antonia Medlicot says more is likely to be ahead Bookmark HMRC £300 New Year tax deadline looms for workers UK & World News HMRC could begin handing out fines soon Bookmark Dentist says 1 quick habit after every meal and drink will give you better teeth UK & World News Dr Mala Sabharwal has urged people to introduce one simple habit after eating and drinking to protect their teeth during the festive season - and it must be done before brushing Bookmark Story Saved You can find this story in My Bookmarks. Or by navigating to the user icon in the top right. News Best in Edinburgh Hibs Hearts Follow us Follow us In Your Area mynewsassistant Contact Us Beauty Box Subscription Yimbly Shop About Us Work for us Advertise with Us Public Notices Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice AI Notice Cookie Notice Newsletter Signup Syndication & Licensing RSS feeds © 2025 MGN Limited