Edison Mail: the Multi-email App That Combines All Your Inboxes 0 Skip to Content Features Blog Edison News Productivity Security & Privacy Tips & How To Work & Business News Privacy Download Open Menu Close Menu Features Blog Edison News Productivity Security & Privacy Tips & How To Work & Business News Privacy Download Open Menu Close Menu Features Folder: Blog Back Edison News Productivity Security & Privacy Tips & How To Work & Business News Privacy Download Live life outside your inbox. Experience email that just works. Finally, an email app that helps you manage all of your different accounts in one place. Stress less, save time, and stop unwanted mail with the best email app. All Your Email Accounts in One App Simplify your life. Manage all your accounts in the free email client that provides you with a simple and clean unified inbox. Master Inbox Efficiency Get more out of your email client with lightning fast mail and powerful features like Dark Mode, snooze messages, Custom Swipe quick actions, and more. Safeguard Your Privacy More than 8,600 spy pixels are hiding in your inbox every year. Use the best email app to block every single one of them by default so your inbox is safe from prying eyes. Stop Email Overload Banish bothersome senders out of your inbox forever with one-tap unsubscribe and the best domain blocking abilities available. Why do consumers love Edison Mail? We are set apart from other email apps with our unique technology that helps you filter and find important information faster and easier. Your very own personal email concierge simplifies finding details for travel, bills and receipts, and entertainment. Edison Mail is the best app to help you organize email once and for all. Have had to give up using #ios email today due to a ridiculous #imap related issue I’ve had for weeks where an email comes in then immediately disappears on iOS yet is still on the Mac. Tried @Edison_apps Mail today and not only does it work but it’s bloody excellent 🤜 — Cords (@dannycorder) March 8, 2022 Decided I’ve had enough from the stock Mail app on iOS and made the switch to @Edison_apps Mail. I don’t know how this app is free. pic.twitter.com/MHrBKFBrsJ — Juan Pablo Madrid (@payo_madrid) January 28, 2022 There are many small things in @Edison_apps that are designed straight up better than other email apps, my favourite @SparkMailApp included. — Rishi R ⚡ (@Rishi) April 10, 2022 Winning Performance Edison Mail is the recipient of the Google Play Android Excellence Awards and is the #1 independent mail app on Apple App Store. Recognized as the 'Best Productivity App' by prominent organizations including, The Webby's, The American Business Award STEVIE's, The Stratus Awards, and The Shorty Awards. Edison Mail is the free multi email app that does it all and then some. Latest Posts Featured Sep 12, 2024 Introducing Edison Mail's New "Mail Rules" Feature for Better Email Management Sep 12, 2024 Sep 12, 2024 Jul 2, 2024 Unlock the Power of AI Compose in Edison Mail: Now on Mobile Jul 2, 2024 Jul 2, 2024 Apr 12, 2024 Introducing Edison Mail for Windows! Apr 12, 2024 Apr 12, 2024 Download the Email app today. Download Features How it Works How We Use Data Multi Email App Company Terms Privacy Policy CA Notice at Collection Support Press Blog Edison News Productivity Security & Privacy Tips & How To Work & Business University Support Your Privacy Choices To report a security vulnerability contact us . ©2023 Edison Software Download the app today! For iOS, Android, and Mac