Editpad - Online Notepad & Wordpad (Text Editor) for Notes Editpad + × Chat Premium Login AI Detector Humanize AI Text Plagiarism Checker Paraphrasing Tool Story Generator Text Summarizer AI Essay Writer Extract Text From Image Get Premium AI Detector Humanize AI Text Plagiarism Checker Paraphrasing Tool Story Generator Text Summarizer AI Essay Writer Extract Text From Image AI Translator X Welcome to EditPad.org - your online plain text editor. Click on buttons below or Press Esc Key to create new note. Editpad - Online Notepad & Wordpad for Notes Editpad is an online notepad developed for editing plain text. This wordpad works similar to the online text editor of Microsoft. How to use Text Editor? Open Editpad Wordpad and start creating the notes online. You can also copy-paste to edit text and save it for later use. Besides this, our online notepad allows users to upload files from a computer, Google Drive, and One Drive. (under development) You can add, delete, and copy-paste text on the online text pad (notebook). Advanced Editor Features of NotePad Online Word Count: Our online textpad (notebook) allows you to check the total number of words written or pasted. And you can convert words to pages also. Character Count: You can also check the exact number of characters in your writing by using this feature. It will promptly count characters and spaces and will display the result. Check Plagiarism and Grammar: You can also check plagiarism , grammar , and punctuation of edited text in our online editor. Paraphrase Text: If you’re writing plain text in our Online Notepad , you also have the option to paraphrase & summarize it in the same typing pad. Write Essay: If you're an Essayist then Editpad online notepad is the best choice to save your essays online, also you can use our essay writer to write unique and effective essays using artificial intelligence. Thesis, Sentence, and Paragraph Writing: Students and writers can use Editpad's online notepad to write down their research and save it to their browser for use at any time. They can also use our thesis statement generator , AI sentence generator , and AI paragraph generator , which are trained with advanced AI models for help in writing thesis statements, sentences and paragraphs. Writing Stories: Authors can use our notepad online to save their ideas to remember storylines. They can also use our AI story generator to write stories of every genre in seconds. No Installation: The best thing about Plain Text Editor is that you don’t need to install it to complete your tasks. Converts Rich Text: Remove text formatting in word, excel and google docs. It converts rich text to plain text. For formatted text, use our rich text editor . Best Alternative: The online alternative of Notepad++, Google Docs, and Microsoft Notepad Download and Save: Editpad provides an option to download and save the edited text directly into the smart device just with a single click. Full Screen: Full screen feature expands text editor area to full screen. It can be reverted to normal by pressing the “Esc button” Share file: Directly share your notes with others by using our “share note” option. You can create and share unlimited files. Password Protection: Secure your shared notes using passwords. Only people who know the password can view your plain text. Upload File: You can directly upload files from your local device and edit text online. The following file formats are supported. .DOC / .DOCX (Microsoft Word documents) .TXT (plain text files) .PDF Mobile Application: Android and iOS mobile apps are available on the Play Store and Apple Store. Convert to Handwriting : Convert your written text to handwriting text. Generate Conclusion / Abstract: To generate a conclusion or abstract of your written text, abstract generator , and conclusion generator are developed. Alphabetizer is also available to make listings in sequence. Uses of Editpad Online: The most common uses of our online NotePad are: It helps to write and edit the text in no time. Students and other users can quickly create online notes without installing text editing software. Allows you to check the originality of written content Bloggers, writers, and webmasters can use our paraphraser to rewrite the content and avoid plagiarism It helps developers to work on the same file simultaneously working on different projects Adding Strikethrough Text in the Notepad? Our online notepad does not have built-in strikethrough text formatting options. You have to use the Strikethrough Text tool to make your text strikethrough and then copy it. How to quickly repeat text multiple times in a notepad? By using a Text Repeater tool, you can easily repeat the same text multiple times and copy it. You can then paste the copied text using the paste command (“CTRL + V” or “CMD + V”) in the notepad. Do we save your notes? No, we do not save any of your private data. All notes are saved on your local device using cookies. New Features and tools: You can now use Invisible Character , Convert Case , Upside Down Text , Reverse Text , Weird Text , and Small Text at Editpad. Supported Languages: ES , FR , NL , DE , RU , BR , JA , IT , PL , ID , KO , FI , HE , SV , TR , CS , AR , RO , TH , NO Recent Blogs Sep 20, 2024 Narrative Paragraphs: Elements, Format, Writing, and Examples Sep 05, 2024 Expository Paragraph Writing (with Examples) Aug 26, 2024 How to Write a Topic Sentence? (Examples & Tips) July 24, 2024 How to Write a Paragraph? Jun 20, 2024 ChatGPT-4o vs. Meta AI: Who Generates the Best Stories? Jun 03, 2024 Difference Between ChatGPT-3.5 vs ChatGPT-4 vs ChatGPT-4o May 16, 2023 Difference Between Summarizing and Paraphrasing Apr 16, 2023 Mastering The Art Of Writing With Editpad & ChatGPT Jan 31, 2023 What is Paraphrasing? Dec 19, 2022 What Is Plagiarism? Upload File Full Screen Download Saving Notes... Language English Español Français Deutsche Nederlands русский Português 日本人 Italiano Polskie Indonesian 한국어 Suomalainen עברית Svenska Türk čeština العربية Română ไทย norsk Our Blogs Full Screen About This Tool Give Feedback 0 Words 0 Character 0 Sentence Formatting New Note SAVED NOTES Saved Document List... Loading Notes... Share Document Copy Link Facebook Twitter Gmail Are you sure you want to disable the formatting? You will lost formating of your content. Not Now Continue Delete this document? You will not be able to recover it Untitled Document Cancel Yes, Delete it Content Size Limit Reached Your content size has be exceed from max limit. Your note is not going to be store any more more than this
            size. please create new note or don't increase its length Start Editing you document here Create New Note Upload File Recent documents Fetching your notes from Cloud Storage to Browser Storage... What do you think about this tool? Your email is safe with us. It is just for contact you back if issue resolve or to ask more about your feedback! Submit Feedback Thank You Your submission has been received. We will be in touch and contact you soon! Back to site