Edkon Games: Modern Ops, Fire Strike, World War 2: Battle combat, Contra City, Crime Revolt Home About Partner Game Vacancy Contact Modern OPS Are you a fan of 3D shooter games? Grab the weapon and fight online with millions of players all over the world in new online Modern OPS. Choose the equipment you like among the variety of outfits. People already joined 41,428,870 JUST ENJOY Edkon Games GmbH is a professional gaming development company with over 14 years of gamedev experience. Our favourite genre is online multiplayer shooter and right now we're working on mobile shooters for IOS and Android.  Our last shooter game is World War 2: Battle Combat. Join to comunity Coming soon. NEW PROJECT Modern OPS HEROES Supported by: Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action on the basis of a decisions by the German Bundestag. Our main goal is to work out and give users the opportunity to play an exciting shooter and develop. Through this we will be able to engage and create a loyal Modern OPS HEROES community. And this: A huge arsenal of weapons More than 50 types of equipment and 450 weapon skins.Flexible setting system and the ability to select weapons according to your playing style. Variety of modes and locations Spectacular environment that will allow you to immerse yourself in the atmosphere of the shooter. And thanks to the variety of modes - team battles, capture the point, against all, bomb mode, and much more, even an experienced user will not be relaxed. Team play The system of friends and clans will help to fight together with like-minded people in ranking battles and participate in tournaments with prizes!The season system allows users to dive even deeper into the competitive system of the game and receive unique prizes. MODERN OPS 4.7 / 5.0 +100,000,000 Modern Ops is dynamic free multiplayer PvP shooter with exciting and fun battles. Clash with other players worldwide with never-ending action in different modes. Use Killstreaks, change your ammunitions and skins to become the best player! World War II: Battle combat 4.5 / 5.0 +40,000,000 Find yourself in the epicenter of the battles of the Second World War and feel the taste of real victories. Enter the game and choose which nation you will fight for: USSR, USA, Japan,  Germany. Ambush the enemy, attack from the flanks or cover with a hail of fire.
Pump up to the upper levels CONTRA CITY 4.0 / 5.0 +1,000,000 Are you a fan of shooting games? Grab the weapon and fight online with real players all over the world in new online FPS Contra City. Choose the equipment you like among the variety of outfits. You can look like commando, gangster, military, raper, biker and dozens of other characters. Show everyone who is the boss of the city! Crime Revolt 4.3 / 5.0 +5,000,000 Download FPS Crime Revolt and participate in the epic battle with brave teammates, fight with opponents and make cool new friends all around the world. Free action shooter game awaits you! Play with players worldwide and make fun! WHY WE DO THAT We are a team of games players who try to bring our users with good quality products CREATIVE FREEDOM Our team always tries to find progressive ideas and integrate new solutions to our games. We welcome new ideas and freedom thinking and give opportunity for their integration. SHOOTERS DEVELOPMENT Most of our games are 3D online shooters so we have really big experience what our users really need. Open minded team help us with reaching it out. LOVE WHAT WE DO We're all big fans of shooter games. Someone even from childhood. We try to make our games super exciting so our players can make real fun with their friends. TEAMWORK Our company pay much attention on teamwork and overall working atmosphere. Lead devs and Managers always help our less experienced specialists. Nevertheless the whole team may influence the dev process and provide new ideas or technology. JUST ENJOY We've already have the large database of our players that bring us inspiration for our future projects. 50m+ User 900k+ Feedbacks Community EDKON Come work at EDKON Games If you are a professional and think that you can join our team you can send us your resume: - Support Manager - Unity Developer Send Resume SUPPORT Once you need any help you may contact our support team. Please describe your issue in detail and we'll do our best to help you! Write to support Edkon Games GmbH Kurfürstendamm 52 10707 Berlin, Germany info@edkongames.com 0049 30 62969088 Imprint Data Privacy Policy Terms & Condition Copyright © 2025.All Rights Reserved By EDKON Games