Home | City of Edmonton Skip to main content Phase 1 Parking Ban Ends Phase 1 (Major Roads) parking ban for arterial roads, collector roads and bus routes ended at noon on December 31. The City thanks residents for their cooperation while our crews were working. Please choose between the following three options: Skip to main menu Skip to site search Continue to current page menu and content MENU 311 Jobs Contact Main navigation Activities, Parks & Recreation Attractions & Events Business & Economy City Government City-run Projects & Plans Driving, Cycling & Walking Home & Neighbourhood Programs & Services Transit (ETS) Phase 1 Parking Ban Ends Phase 1 (Major Roads) parking ban for arterial roads, collector roads and bus routes ended at noon on December 31. The City thanks residents for their cooperation while our crews were working. Search Popular Searches: Pay Tickets Winter Parking Bans New Year's Eve Booster Juice Rec Centre Property Taxes Shop Local EPark (Parking) Outdoor Skating and Ice Rinks Waste Collection Calendar Pet Licences Search Popular Searches: Pay Tickets Winter Parking Bans New Year's Eve Booster Juice Rec Centre Property Taxes Shop Local EPark (Parking) Outdoor Skating and Ice Rinks Waste Collection Calendar Pet Licences Main page content begins here Popular Topics Waste Collection Calendar Transit Holiday Service New Year's Eve EPark Outdoor Skating Recreation Centres & Pools Transit (ETS) Trip Planner Submit 311 Request Surveys & Public Engagement Buy / Pay Parking (HotSpot Online) Parking & Bylaw Ticket Pet Licences Property Taxes Transit Fares & Passes Find Community Sandboxes Free sand is provided during winter weather to use on your icy sidewalks and walkways. Eco Stations LRT Stops & Stations Edmonton’s LRT stops and stations are located across the city to help transit riders access the places where they live, work and play. Many LRT stations are connected to transit centres, allowing for easy transfers from the LRT to buses. Lost Pets Recreation Centres & Pools Register Business Licence Leisure Access Program Monthly Tax Payment Plan Parking Ban Notifications Permits & Construction View Job Postings Recreation Centre Schedules Snow Clearing Map Traffic Disruptions Transit Maps & Routes Featured Programs and Events City Stories See More Stories Media Releases See More Releases The City Plan Our strategic direction to make Edmonton a healthy, urban, climate resilient city that supports a prosperous region. Transforming Edmonton Stories about bringing our city vision to life. Search Footer Contact Us Jobs Open Data Safety and Security Terms of Use Privacy Edmonton rests in the heart of Treaty Six territory in Alberta and the homelands of the Metis Nation. © 2025 City of Edmonton. All rights reserved.