GET FREE WHATSAPP WIDGET
✕
Products 
Solutions 
Partners
Resources 
Company
English
Contact Us
Power Up Your Customer Care With edna’s
Industry-Leading Omnichannel Solutions

Outperform peers and create a world-class CX by reaching out to customers across multiple digital channels. Build lifelong customer relationships by enabling two-way communication, providing 24×7 customer support, and running targeted campaigns that your customers will actually value.

Inquire Now

WhatsApp Business Platform

Apple Messages for Business

Viber for Business

PUSH Messages

Web and Mobile In-App Live Chat

SMS

Notifications & Scenarios

Contact Center

Verifications

How edna Helps
Engage

Share relevant promotional messages, updates, and reminders with customers. Offer exclusive discounts and personalized offers. Provide live chat support to help them avail of products or services.

Convert

Convert curious visitors to paying customers – complete signing up, document uploads, user authentication, payments, and more over messenger. Gain their trust by managing consent and permissions.

Nurture

Create lasting relationships by offering multi-channel support to your customers across their journey. Address their pain points quickly and cost-effectively. Woo back customers likely to stray with last-minute reminders.

Get the edna Advantage Today
Seamless Integration With Legacy Systems

Data silos result in a poor CX, so all of our solutions including the edna platform and Chat Center have been designed to integrate easily with your organization’s legacy systems like the CRM and ERP. That way, your support agents have quick access to all customer information and can resolve issues fast.

Open APIs

Our open APIs ensure that clients like you can use our product even without needing to use the edna interface. Using our open API you can receive statuses of sent messages and incoming messages from clients, register and receive templates from the platform, and upload the audience into the system.

Deployment Type

Our solutions can be supported on cloud, on-premise, and hybrid modes – so you can pick the option that best fits your needs.

Data Security

Your customers’ data is sacrosanct and needs to be protected at all costs. So we’ve designed highly secure solutions that are hacker-proof and guaranteed to keep your data safe and secure.

Want to supercharge your customer engagement
using our Chat Center?
Contact Us
BFSI

Meet your banking customers’ needs digitally – be it by offering 24X7 customer support via bots, sharing transaction alerts, welcome messages, offering credit cards, and a lot more. Enable customers to upload key documents on trusted messenger platforms.

FMCG

Engage directly with your end-consumers over multiple digital communication channels. Make it easy for them to track their orders online, send promo codes, special offers, and more.

Retail

Make the most of the e-commerce boom by using our digital communication platforms to send out personalized product recommendations, offer exclusive deals, run loyalty programs, share back-in-stock alerts, send transaction-related alerts, offer always-on customer support, and more.

HoReCa

Boost profitability of your hotel and restaurant business by enabling online ordering, sharing personalized menus, automating hotel and restaurant bookings, offering hot deals, and more.

Education

Make your students’ lives easier by digitalizing all academics-related communications including announcing important dates, sharing course eligibility criteria and course modules, offering online student counselling, sending fee payment reminders, and more. Reduce admin staff burden through automation and increase enrollments by improving student convenience.

Healthcare

Transform your healthcare delivery by deploying messaging platforms to help customers book or reschedule appointments, share lab reports, order medicines, and more.

Auto

Cater to your auto customers digitally by sharing targeted campaigns about new model launches, helping them book test drives and servicing slots virtually, offering them pre-and post-sales support, suggesting financing options, sending servicing reminders. Increase promotions effectiveness and see a boost in your car sales inquiries.

Real Estate

Showcase properties for sales and rentals virtually, send periodic updates about the status of a property, share info on loan eligibility, enable customers to reach out with queries, help them book appointments for home tours, send reminders for upcoming appointments.

18

Years in business

2500+

Satisfied customers

4B+

Messages per month

250

Skilled employees

Head of Product Development
Alfa-Bank
We’ve been working with edna since 2008. For Alfa-Bank, edna has become a reliable partner in the field of digital communications. With the help of edna solutions, we provide high-quality mobile information services, which is extremely important in the banking industry. Among the strengths of the company is the industry expertise, professional team, and breadth of business process automation solutions.
Head of Internet Advertising
Tanuki
edna has proved to be a one-stop-shop for our digital communication challenges. We are already using edna’s chat center, WhatsApp Business, and Apple Business Chat. Thanks to its advanced solutions, our customer service quality and pace of query resolutions has increased multifold.
Manager — Automation Department
Qiwi Bank
We wanted to expand our communication channels to more than just web live chat. With edna, now we also have live chat in our mobile app managed through a single platform. Also, edna seamlessly integrated with our chatbot solution, resulting in significant improvements in our customer service performance.
We Are Trusted By
Digital Customer Communication Transformation

Messengers have quickly become the go-to channel for consumers when it comes to communicating with a business — even over voice. This has led brands to get on messenger platforms to meet customers where they are. But this has also created added pressure on organizations to manage multiple digital channels simultaneously, not always an easy ask. As a leading global provider of digital customer communication solutions, we offer best-in-class integrated solutions that unify all communications across channels and make it easy for agents to manage conversations across multiple channels seamlessly and efficiently.

Get Your Team Ready to Deliver Next-Level Digital Customer Service

edna’s Digital Communication Hub equips every member of your team with innovative tools for greater customer success. Whether it is locally or cloud hosted, it offers the power and scalability fit for your enterprise’s needs. With edna, you can access all important data for effective KPI monitoring and activity monitoring in smartly designed dashboards.

Contact Us
 The heart of digital communications
Products
WhatsApp Business
Apple Business Chat
Viber for Business
Web & Mobile App Chat
Unified Cloud Messaging
SMS
Push
Chat Center
Intelligent Virtual Agent
Solutions
Retail & E-commerce
Healthcare
Banking
Education
FMCG
Real Estate
Automotive
HoReCa
Free Tools
WhatsApp Widget
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
Connect with Us
info@edna.io
Contact Us Form
© edna 2005-2025
All rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy