ABOUT US
TEAM
CONTACT US
The Domain Universe

Edoms (founded in 2014 as Tool.Domains) is a 80+ people marketing company with special interest in domains names and SEO

We maintain a huge domain database (~1 Billion active & expired domains) and have overseen 700,000+ domain registrations

Ask About a Domain
Domain name
Email*
Reason for contact*
I'm from the SEO industry and I need link power
I would like to have this domain
I'm the previous owner of this domain

Add Message 

 I agree with the Privacy and Cookie Policy
 I agree to be contacted
Send

If you do affiliate and/or need juiced up money site, 301 redirects or PBN help, this is the place.

Go to SEO.Domains
Website restoration services

An in-house tool and team for restoring websites from The Archive for SEO purposes. Contact us if interested.

Contact us

Multifunctional checker that offers a lot more than Whois data for any domain name. Free unlimited human use!

Go to Whois.WS

Searches in 250+ million expired domains to find great available to register brandable .com names.

Go to KWIdeas.com

Our services as an ICANN accredited registrar.

Go to gTLD.io

Our services for registries and registrars (TLD & registrar management).

Go to Registr.io
OUR TEAM

Edoms helps anyone from freelancers to Fortune 500 companies navigate the complicated universe of domain names. Our team includes:

  
KALIN KARAKEHAYOV
(founder & COO)

SEO and domain names expert, serial entreprenuer who never had a day job

  
METODI DARZEV
(founder & CEO)

Software architect, security expert, can-do-anything tech guy

  
ILIYA BAZLYANKOV
(lead expert)

Domain name industry veteran with huge technical experience

and 80+ more employees
EDOMS IS ACCREDITED WITH:
EDOMS HAS SECURED DOMAINS FOR:
Edoms is Reccomended By:

"The Edoms founders are domain industry veterans who can find a perfect domain fit for any business, big or small, startup or legacy. I've had the pleasure of cooperating with them for years and would highly recommend their services, especially if you are looking to start using a brandable domain."

- VUKSAN RAJKOVIC
Head of Business development in EMEA, .me Registry

"I have worked with the Edoms team for years now and am always impressed by their skill and knowledge in the domain name aftermarket."

- TODD HAN
CEO, Dynadot

"I would highly recommend Edoms to anyone looking to secure a domain for branding or SEO purposes. They are highly knowledgeable and a pleasure to work with."

- JAMES TUPLIN
Director Of Business Development, Bodis.com

"The Edoms founders are domain industry veterans who can find a perfect domain fit for any business, big or small, startup or legacy. I've had the pleasure of cooperating with them for years and would highly recommend their services, especially if you are looking to start using a brandable domain."

- VUKSAN RAJKOVIC
Head of Business development in EMEA, .me Registry

"I have worked with the Edoms team for years now and am always impressed by their skill and knowledge in the domain name aftermarket."

- TODD HAN
CEO, Dynadot
1
2
3
CONTACT US
SUBMIT
Edoms

If you want to ask us something about our services or have any questions, please send us a message via the contact form.

Tool Domains OOD

Company ID: 203146022

ulitsa "Knyaz Boris I" 8, ap. 1, 1463 Sofia, Sofia-Grad, Bulgaria

info@edoms.com

+359 2 992 4071

+359 2 493 0235

© 2022 Edoms. All Rights Reserved. A brand of Tool Domains OOD

Privacy and Cookie Policy | Report Abuse | Information for Registrants | WHOIS | RDAP