European Digital Rights (EDRi) Skip to content Search the site Donate Close Search How would you best describe that thing you're looking for? Your search term Menu About us Vision and Mission Team Network Board Victories Funding Annual reports What we do Our work Our topics Media relations Publications Decolonising digital rights Document Pools Take action Donate EDRi Manifesto for digital futures EDRi-gram newsletter Campaigns Events Jobs Close About us Vision and Mission Team Network Board Victories Funding Annual reports What we do Our work Our topics Media relations Publications Decolonising digital rights Document Pools Take action Donate EDRi Manifesto for digital futures EDRi-gram newsletter Campaigns Events Jobs Together, we can build a people-centered, democratic society! Help us protect human rights and freedoms in the digital age through a monthly donation. Donate now Read our latest content EDRi visions for digital futures Subscribe to our newsletter How we're building an inclusive digital future Press Release: Commission’s Digital Omnibus is a major rollback of EU digital protections Today the European Commission has published two Digital Omnibus proposals, reopening the EU’s core protections against harm in the digital age. This step risks dismantling the rules-based system... Read more The DMA is a success, it should be strengthened and expanded Despite its somewhat disappointing enforcement so far, the EU’s Digital Market Act has become a global role model for modern antitrust policy. While Europe figures out its implementation,... Read more EDRi-gram, 11 December 2025 What has the EDRi network been up to over the past few weeks? Find out the latest digital rights news in our bi-weekly newsletter. In this edition: 2025... Read more Read more about our work Mobilising people in a connected world Reclaim Your Face Stop Scanning Me Take back platform power We work hard to make change happen The European Digital Rights network turns 20 This year, EDRi turns 20, marking two decades of building a movement of NGOs, experts, advocates, technologists, academics and impacted communities. Together, we have been defending and advancing digital rights across Europe. Two decades of digital rights impact Protecting children whilst upholding confidentiality and security online European lawmakers proposed new rules to protect children. However, this law allows authorities to have anyone's legitimate conversations monitored.  In doing so, it harms everyone, including those it wants to protect. Stop Scanning Me Decolonising digital rights Our goal is to challenge the structural causes of oppression to move towards a digital rights field in which all groups in society have their voices heard. By a decolonising process, we mean a process that acknowledges that oppression have their roots in a history of domination, exploitation, colonisation and are maintained by structural forces. Letting ourselves be changed Our victories EDRi in the news A Military Database of Fingerprints and Iris Scans One of the key points that we’re always trying to raise about biometric data and why it’s so sensitive is because it can identify you forever. IIt’s a marker of democratic societies that we still treat people, including criminals, with dignity, and with respect for their human rights. READ THE ARTICLE EU privacy watchdog sues lawmakers over new Europol mandate Van der Linde's case shows how Europol and national authorities poorly handle data exchanges among themselves and neglect key data protection rules. With the recently approved reform of Europol's mandate granting the agency more data processing powers, things can only get worse. READ THE ARTICLE The EU's home affairs chief wants to read your private messages Having anyone's legitimate conversations monitored will harm everyone, especially children. Experts show that no one will be protected by making the internet less secure. Mass surveillance online does not make us safer, it erodes our democratic rights and freedoms. READ THE ARTICLE Other media talking about us Learn about the latest news in digital rights Subscribe to the EDRi-gram newsletter now Read the EDRi-gram Share the EDRi work with your network! Facebook LinkedIn Email Defending your rights online European Digital Rights (EDRi) is an association of civil and human rights organisations from across Europe. We defend your rights and freedoms in the digital environment. Quick links Contact us About us Complaints Mechanism Media relations Take action Together, we can build a people-centered, democratic society! Stay up to date via the EDRi-gram Attend an event Follow us Mastodon Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Privacy policy Contents of this website are shared under CC-BY 4.0 license (unless stated otherwise). This means you are free to share and adapt them, as long as you remember to give us the appropriate credit. Website by Reason Digital Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset Help Help