Covering education in California and beyond | EdSource Donate Newsletters Contact Us How one student got her middle school to change its name (rebroadcast) How one bilingual educator’s childhood trauma fuels his fight for inclusion How a small rural school district is setting an example for school counseling statewide Is college worth the cost? Experts discuss higher education benefits and challenges Proactive campus policies, communication with students critical under ‘antagonistic’ federal actions, panel says Head Start allies wait, worry about possible funding cuts Play, potties, preschool: TK for All California’s Reading Dilemma Saving Head Start Falling rates, rising risk: Vaccination rates down in California Five Years Later: Covid’s Lasting Impact on Education Getting Students Back to School December 11, 2025 Degrees of value: How changing attitudes toward college challenge higher education in California View Now May 20, 2025 The future of California higher education under Trump View Now Donate Newsletters Contact Us News News Topics Student Learning College & Careers Distance Learning Literacy Arts education Student Wellness Discipline Social and Emotional Learning Student Well-Being High-needs students Equity Charter Schools Race and Equity English Learners Covid-19 Policy & Finance Elections and Education Legislation Local Control Funding Formula Policy & Finance Teachers & Instruction Math and Science Teachers Teacher Shortage View all stories Featured Special Reports Early Ed K-12 Higher Ed Commentary Artículos en Español Audio & Video Podcast View All Roundtables View All Video View All Special Projects Projects Data Analysis Interactive Maps and Infographics Investigations Resources Quick Guides Statewide Datasets Smarter Balanced Test Scores Database California School Dashboard Ed-Data Partnership Artículos en Español Publications Archive About About People EdSource Staff Board of Directors Student Journalism Corps Our Supporters Awards & Recognition Jobs at EdSource Ethics Policy Republication Guidelines Quick search above or Advanced Search Donate Subscribe Quick search above or Advanced Search ☰ Kindly Log In Username Password Credit: Emma Gallegos/EdSource Credit: Emma Gallegos/EdSource The most-loved children’s library books during the holidays Yuxuan Xie In 2024, graphic novels like Diary of a Wimpy Kid and the Dog Man series topped the list. December 31, 2025 Interactive Maps and Infographics Credit: Alison Yin / EdSource Credit: Alison Yin / EdSource Voices that drove education debate: EdSource’s most read opinions of 2025 Andrew Reed EdSource commentaries in 2025 covered a range of California education issues, including artificial intelligence, antisemitism, early childhood pay, reading screening, and college pathways, featuring perspectives from students, educators and school leaders. December 31, 2025 Year in Review Credit: Juliana Yamada / AP Credit: Juliana Yamada / AP 11 new laws that will impact California schools in 2026 Diana Lambert California students will see fewer cellphones and more gender-neutral bathrooms, as well as other new laws related to immigration, antisemitism, truancy, and college admissions taking effect in the new year. December 30, 2025 Legislation Latest News Briefs Wednesday, December 31, 2025 — 9:28 am California’s peer-to-peer support program shows early gains in youth mental health Wednesday, December 31, 2025 — 9:13 am With student mental health services at risk, Santa Rosa City Schools seek special funds from Sonoma County Tuesday, December 30, 2025 — 9:59 am Three CSU campuses named California Black-Serving Institutions in 2025 Tuesday, December 30, 2025 — 9:12 am Teachers union, nonprofit sue to restore community school funding Monday, December 29, 2025 — 11:29 am LAUSD braces for staffing reductions and school consolidations as budget shrinks Monday, December 29, 2025 — 9:25 am Fresno Unified approves early retirement for 573 employees to save $56 million View All Podcast: Education Beat A weekly podcast that gets to the heart of education issues in California and beyond. December 29, 2025 How one student got her middle school to change its name (rebroadcast) Betty Reid Soskin was the nation’s oldest national park ranger. She passed away on Dec. 21 at 104 years old. To honor her, we bring you an episode from 2021, about how a California school came to be renamed after her. EdSource · How one student got her middle school to change its name (rebroadcast) Recent Episodes View All December 18, 2025 How one bilingual educator’s childhood trauma fuels his fight for inclusion December 11, 2025 How a small rural school district is setting an example for school counseling statewide Commentaries View all AI is here, but can it help my Johnny read? By Dwight D. McBride Duke Dela Rosa Amrit Dhillon Arianna Li Sue Jung We must support our student parents Parents must be at the table as California debates charter school reform By Tab Berg Latest News View all Matt Brown/CSUDH Matt Brown/CSUDH Q&A: Outgoing Cal State Dominguez Hills President Thomas A. Parham Amy DiPierro On the eve of his retirement, Parham discussed the true value of college and his penchant for quoting civil rights leaders. December 30, 2025 California State University Credits: Zaidee Stavely/EdSource; Lasherica Thornton/EdSource; GoFundMe; Palo Alto Unified; and Becca Esquivel Makris. Credits: Zaidee Stavely/EdSource; Lasherica Thornton/EdSource; GoFundMe; Palo Alto Unified; and Becca Esquivel Makris. EdSource’s Best of 2025: Our favorite Education Beat podcast episodes Zaidee Stavely Listen to our favorite podcast episodes from 2025, from teachers escaping wildfires to bilingual education classrooms in Texas and students fighting for better school buildings. December 30, 2025 Year in Review What six California college students learned in 2025 Amy DiPierro In a year when colleges took center stage in debates about politics and AI, students learned valuable lessons about personal setbacks and victories. December 29, 2025 Student voices Credit: Andrew Reed / EdSource Credit: Andrew Reed / EdSource From classrooms to Sacramento: The education stories that defined 2025 Andrew Reed These are the stories our readers turned to most — the year’s most read coverage. December 29, 2025 Year in Review Featured special project Play, potties, preschool: TK for All FEATURED TOPIC Federal education policy Featured Data California Smarter Balanced Test Results: 2025 Artículos más recientes en español Leer más Credit: Courtesy of José Medina Credit: Courtesy of José Medina Conozca al investigador que usa su chispa y las redes sociales para transformar la educación bilingüe Zaidee Stavely December 30, 2025 Educación Bilingüe Credit: Jason Halley/Chico State Credit: Jason Halley/Chico State El hambre asedia a estudiantes de California, y la situación podría empeorar Emma Gallegos Casi 3 de cada 4 familias californianas con un niño menor de 6 años dicen haber tenido dificultades para cubrir una o más necesidades básicas, como servicios públicos, vivienda, alimentos, atención médica y cuidado infantil. December 17, 2025 Política Educativa Federal Stay up to date with California education Get a daily digest on all you need to know about California schools and districts. Email Address * * indicates required Topic Focus Quick Guides EdSource’s quick guides make complex education issues easier to understand. These brief explanatory articles provide an introduction to key trends, systems, institutions and debates in California education and the context you need to go deeper.  Have a suggestion for a topic that would benefit from a similar explainer? Let us know! Credit: Liv Ames / EdSource Credit: Liv Ames / EdSource Celebrating a religious or cultural holiday that falls on a school day? Here’s what to know Mallika Seshadri California’s Education Code allows students to take off from school for religious and cultural reasons, with limits. November 26, 2025 Quick Guides Credit: Pexels Credit: Pexels Understanding the California School Dashboard: What parents need to know John Fensterwald Read on to find the answers: What’s the dashboard’s purpose? Why are there colors? Why can’t I compare schools? How might the dashboard be improved? November 13, 2025 Quick Guides Courtesy of UCSF Dyslexia Center Courtesy of UCSF Dyslexia Center What you need to know about the new reading screenings | Quick Guide Zaidee Stavely A 2023 California law requires all students in kindergarten, first and second grade to be screened for risk of reading difficulties, including dyslexia. October 10, 2025 Quick Guides Featured Topics College & Careers Immigration Legislation State Education Policy Featured Special Project California’s Reading Dilemma This EdSource special report examines the state of early reading in California, the needs of special learners, teacher preparation and training and curricula and textbooks that are driving instruction. Credit: Pexels / Mikhail Nilov Credit: Pexels / Mikhail Nilov AI is here, but can it help my Johnny read? Dwight D. McBride AI has the potential to revolutionize education, but it should not be used as a substitute for human interaction and experienced educators. December 31, 2025 Commentary Credit: Courtesy of UCSF Dyslexia Center Credit: Courtesy of UCSF Dyslexia Center Can early screening help more California kids learn to read? Teachers are finding out Zaidee Stavely The screenings give teachers and parents early indications of areas that can help children learn to read and could point to a need for further evaluation. October 10, 2025 California’s Reading Dilemma Video View all Is college worth the cost? Experts discuss higher education benefits and challenges Despite concerns about college debt and the rise of AI, experts at an EdSource roundtable emphasized the long-term benefits of higher education and suggested colleges do more to help students transition to college and provide skills for a changing economy. Proactive campus policies, communication with students critical under ‘antagonistic’ federal actions, panel says Panelists discussed threats to cut federal funding, impact on international students, and ways in which California is protected. Head Start allies wait, worry about possible funding cuts Donald Trump’s federal budget proposal did not include cuts to Head Start, but supporters of the early education program are concerned its funding could be cut during budget negotiations. Most Popular Stories Credit: Michael Burke/EdSource Credit: Michael Burke/EdSource Community colleges offer new classes to prepare students for calculus, comply with controversial law Michael Burke A new law is changing course pathways for thousands of community college students in science and math majors. Long sequences of prerequisites, including algebra and trigonometry, are no longer required before taking calculus. December 5, 2025 Community Colleges Credit: Shannon Cronin / CSU Monterey Bay Credit: Shannon Cronin / CSU Monterey Bay CSU campuses show vastly different results on graduation after 10 years and $3 billion Amy DiPierro Cal State Monterey Bay was among campuses with the largest graduation gains, while Chico State backslid on some metrics. December 3, 2025 California State University Credit: AP Photo/Eric Thayer Credit: AP Photo/Eric Thayer Report calls for overhauling how California runs its schools John Fensterwald Chief among many recommendations, the research center PACE urges putting the governor, not the state schools superintendent, in charge of the California Department of Education. December 1, 2025 State Education Policy Credit: Zack Haber / X Credit: Zack Haber / X State finds Oakland Unified created ‘discriminatory environment’ for Jewish students John Fensterwald After investigating multiple complaints of antisemitism in Oakland Unified, the California Department of Education ruled they were valid.  The district has belatedly pledged to take allegations of hate seriously and train staff. November 6, 2025 Race and Equity 436 14th St. Suite 310 Oakland, CA 94612 Phone 510-433-0421
            Fax 510-433-0422 EdSource@edsource.org Privacy Policy 2026 EdSource. All Rights Reserved. TIME IS RUNNING OUT TO SUPPORT EDSOURCE IN 2025 EdSource has a lot to cover in 2026: new approaches to teaching reading, elections, higher education budget challenges and so much more. With the end of 2025 approaching, you can be part of in-depth coverage of California education in 2026. Will you donate today to help EdSource follow what's next in education? DONATE TODAY LAST CHANCE TO GIVE Donate today to connect the dots with us Over the last couple of months, we’ve shared with you how EdSource connects the dots in education – from the classroom to the capitol. You’ve heard from our reporters that acted quickly to cover immigration and SNAP as well as our data journalists who dove deep into student homelessness trends. And EdSource has a lot to cover in 2026. You can be part of this in-depth coverage of California education. Will you support EdSource today? DONATE TODAY