Education World | Connecting educators to what works Jump to Navigation Enter your email for FREE Newsletter! By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy . Search Search Teacher Essentials Featured Articles Best Practices Report Card Comments Needs Improvement Comments Teacher's Lounge New Teachers Our Bloggers Lesson Plans Featured Lessons Every-Day Edits Lesson Library Emergency Sub Plans Character Education Lesson of the Day 5-Minute Lessons Learning Games Lesson Planning Standards Subjects Center Teaching Grammar Admin Featured Articles Hot Topics Leadership Resources Parent Newsletter Resources Advice from School Leaders Programs, Strategies and Events Principal Toolbox Administrator's Desk Interview Questions Professional Learning Communities Teachers Observing Teachers Tech Featured Articles Article Library Tech Lesson Plans Science, Math & Reading Games WebQuests Tech in the Classroom Tech Tools Web Site Reviews Creating a WebQuest Digital Citizenship PD Tips PD Tips & Ideas Backpack-tivities Behavior Management Tips of the Week Bulletin Board Ideas Book Report Makeover Classroom Management Responsive Classroom Dr. Ken Shore: Classroom Problem Solver Professional Development Resources Dr. Fred Jones: Tools for Teaching Worksheets Worksheet Library Highlights for Children Venn Diagram Templates Reading Games Word Search Puzzles Math Crossword Puzzles Friday Fun Geography A to Z Holidays & Special Days Internet Scavenger Hunts Student Certificates Templates Newsletter Sign Up WHAT'S NEW Little Habits That Make Grading Easier and Less Stressf... Math on the Move: Geometry Through Sports Design Patterns in Nature: Math, Art, and the Fibonacci Sequen... Menu Teacher Essentials Administrators Lesson Plans Technology Prof Dev Home Search form Search Lead News Story The “Gifted Gap”: Why Some Students Never Get Identified Across the country, a significant number of gifted students, especially those from low-income backgrounds, minority groups, English language learners, and students with learning disabilities, go unnoticed. Read More Published Yes No All News Blog Teachers Lessons Tech All News Blog Teachers Lessons Tech reasonandwatson Patterns in Nature: Math, Art, and the Fibonacci Sequence Students will be able to identify the Fibonacci sequence, recognize its presence in natural patterns and artistic design, and explain its mathematical... Read More reasonandwatson Benefits of Circle Time in Older Elementary School Classrooms From simple student-teacher interaction to addressing upcoming projects, circle time is a way to increase communication in the classroom and solidify... Read More PaulC The One Thing Teachers Cannot Do (And What to Do Instead) The complexity of how we interact with kids is never-ending, but all of us can work to be ever aware of the impact our words and actions have on... Read More PaulC Teaching Generosity: The Quiltmaker’s Gift Character Education Lesson Objective: To understand what generosity is and the benefits of being generous Read More reasonandwatson The Art of Question-Crafting: Teaching Students to Ask Better A well-formed question shows that a student is processing, evaluating, and trying to make sense of what they’re learning. In short, they’re... Read More reasonandwatson The “Gifted Gap”: Why Some Students Never Get Identified Across the country, a significant number of gifted students, especially those from low-income backgrounds, minority groups, English language learners,... Read More reasonandwatson The Case for Silence: Why Every Class Needs Thinking Time Intentional thinking time carved out for students to reflect, process, and mentally engage without distraction is one of the most underused tools in... Read More reasonandwatson The Hidden Benefits of Mixed-Age Learning Children learn at vastly different paces. Some second graders might be reading at a fifth-grade level, while others are just getting comfortable with... Read More PaulC Little Habits That Make Grading Easier and Less Stressful Teachers spend an extraordinary amount of time grading. Small, intentional habits can transform the experience from an exhausting chore to a... Read More PaulC Emergency Sub Plan: Migration - Math (Gr 1) There are many different ways that you could compare numbers.   This lesson objective is to compare two digit numbers based on tens and ones. Read More Load more news archive EW Lesson Plans More than 1,000 FREE Lessons Reading, Writing, Math, Science, History & Every-Day Edits! EW Professional Development Online PD Courses with dozens of topics to choose from for your CEU credits and building new skills! EW Worksheets 1000's of Free Ready-to-Print Student Worksheets, Templates, Certificates & Every-Day Edits! Chatter Trending 125 Report Card Comments 

It's report card time and you face the prospect of writing constructive, insightful, and original comments on a couple dozen report cards or more.  Here are 125 positive report card comments for you to use and adapt!

Struggling Students?  Check out our Needs Improvement Report Card Comments for even more comments! You've reached the end of another grading period, and what could be more daunting than the task of composing insightful, original, and unique comments about every child in your class? The following positive statements will help you tailor your comments to specific children and highlight their strengths.

You can also use our statements to indicate a need for improvement. Turn the words around a bit, and you will transform each into a goal for a child to work toward. Sam cooperates consistently with others becomes Sam needs to cooperate more consistently with others, and Sally uses vivid language in writing may instead read With practice, Sally will learn to use vivid language in her writing. Make Jan seeks new challenges into a request for parental support by changing it to read Please encourage Jan to seek new challenges.

Whether you are tweaking statements from this page or creating original ones, check out our Report Card Thesaurus [see bottom of the page] that contains a list of appropriate adjectives and adverbs. There you will find the right words to keep your comments fresh and accurate.

We have organized our 125 report card comments by category. Read the entire list or click one of the category links below to jump to that list.

AttitudeBehaviorCharacterCommunication SkillsGroup WorkInterests and TalentsParticipationSocial SkillsTime ManagementWork Habits



Attitude

The student:

is an enthusiastic learner who seems to enjoy school.
	exhibits a positive outlook and attitude in the classroom.
	appears well rested and ready for each day's activities.
	shows enthusiasm for classroom activities.
	shows initiative and looks for new ways to get involved.
	uses instincts to deal with matters independently and in a positive way.
	strives to reach their full potential.
	is committed to doing their best.
	seeks new challenges.
	takes responsibility for their learning.


Behavior

The student:

cooperates consistently with the teacher and other students.
	transitions easily between classroom activities without distraction.
	is courteous and shows good manners in the classroom.
	follows classroom rules.
	conducts themselves with maturity.
	responds appropriately when corrected.
	remains focused on the activity at hand.
	resists the urge to be distracted by other students.
	is kind and helpful to everyone in the classroom.
	sets an example of excellence in behavior and cooperation.


Character

The student:


shows respect for teachers and peers.
	treats school property and the belongings of others with care and respect.
	is honest and trustworthy in dealings with others.
	displays good citizenship by assisting other students.
	joins in school community projects.
	is concerned about the feelings of peers.
	faithfully performs classroom tasks.
	can be depended on to do what they are asked to do.
	seeks responsibilities and follows through.
	is thoughtful in interactions with others.
	is kind, respectful and helpful when interacting with his/her peers
	is respectful of other students in our classroom and the school community
	demonstrates responsibility daily by caring for the materials in our classroom carefully and thoughtfully
	takes his/her classroom jobs seriously and demonstrates responsibility when completing them
	is always honest and can be counted on to recount information when asked
	is considerate when interacting with his/her teachers
	demonstrates his/her manners on a daily basis and is always respectful
	has incredible self-discipline and always gets his/her work done in a timely manner
	can be counted on to be one of the first students to begin working on the task that is given
	perseveres when faced with difficulty by asking questions and trying his/her best
	does not give up when facing a task that is difficult and always does his/her best
	is such a caring boy/girl and demonstrates concern for his/her peers
	demonstrates his/her caring nature when helping his/her peers when they need the assistance
	is a model citizen in our classroom
	is demonstrates his/her citizenship in our classroom by helping to keep it clean and taking care of the materials in it
	can always be counted on to cooperate with his/her peers
	is able to cooperate and work well with any of the other students in the class
	is exceptionally organized and takes care of his/her things
	is always enthusiastic when completing his/her work
	is agreeable and polite when working with others
	is thoughtful and kind in his/her interactions with others
	is creative when problem solving
	is very hardworking and always completes all of his/her work
	is patient and kind when working with his/her peers who need extra assistance
	trustworthy and can always be counted on to step in and help where needed


Communication Skills

The student:

has a well-developed vocabulary.
	chooses words with care.
	expresses ideas clearly, both verbally and through writing.
	has a vibrant imagination and excels in creative writing.
	has found their voice through poetry writing.
	uses vivid language in writing.
	writes clearly and with purpose.
	writes with depth and insight.
	can make a logical and persuasive argument.
	listens to the comments and ideas of others without interrupting.


Group Work

The student:

offers constructive suggestions to peers to enhance their work.
	accepts the recommendations of peers and acts on them when appropriate.
	is sensitive to the thoughts and opinions of others in the group.
	takes on various roles in the work group as needed or assigned.
	welcomes leadership roles in groups.
	shows fairness in distributing group tasks.
	plans and carries out group activities carefully.
	works democratically with peers.
	encourages other members of the group.
	helps to keep the work group focused and on task.


Interests and Talents

The student:

has a well-developed sense of humor.
	holds many varied interests.
	has a keen interest that has been shared with the class.
	displays and talks about personal items from home when they relate to topics of study.
	provides background knowledge about topics of particular interest to them.
	has an impressive understanding and depth of knowledge about their interests.
	seeks additional information independently about classroom topics that pique interest.
	reads extensively for enjoyment.
	frequently discusses concepts about which they have read.
	is a gifted performer.
	is a talented artist.
	has a flair for dramatic reading and acting.
	enjoys sharing their musical talent with the class.


Participation

The student:

listens attentively to the responses of others.
	follows directions.
	takes an active role in discussions.
	enhances group discussion through insightful comments.
	shares personal experiences and opinions with peers.
	responds to what has been read or discussed in class and as homework.
	asks for clarification when needed.
	regularly volunteers to assist in classroom activities.
	remains an active learner throughout the school day.


Social Skills

The student:

makes friends quickly in the classroom.
	is well-liked by classmates.
	handles disagreements with peers appropriately.
	treats other students with fairness and understanding.
	is a valued member of the class.
	has compassion for peers and others.
	seems comfortable in new situations.
	enjoys conversation with friends during free periods.
	chooses to spend free time with friends.


Time Management

The student:

tackles classroom assignments, tasks, and group work in an organized manner.
	uses class time wisely.
	arrives on time for school (and/or class) every day.
	is well-prepared for class each day.
	works at an appropriate pace, neither too quickly or slowly.
	completes assignments in the time allotted.
	paces work on long-term assignments.
	sets achievable goals with respect to time.
	completes make-up work in a timely fashion.


Work Habits

The student:

is a conscientious, hard-working student.
	works independently.
	is a self-motivated student.
	consistently completes homework assignments.
	puts forth their best effort into homework assignments.
	exceeds expectations with the quality of their work.
	readily grasps new concepts and ideas.
	generates neat and careful work.
	checks work thoroughly before submitting it.
	stays on task with little supervision.
	displays self-discipline.
	avoids careless errors through attention to detail.
	uses free minutes of class time constructively.
	creates impressive home projects.
Related: Needs Improvement Report Card Comments for even more comments!

Student Certificates!

Recognize positive attitudes and achievements with personalized student award certificates!

 
			Report Card Thesaurus

			Looking for some great adverbs and adjectives to bring to life the comments that you put on report cards? Go beyond the stale and repetitive With this list, your notes will always be creative and unique.

			Adjectives

			attentive, capable, careful, cheerful, confident, cooperative, courteous, creative, dynamic, eager, energetic, generous, hard-working, helpful, honest, imaginative, independent, industrious, motivated, organized, outgoing, pleasant, polite, resourceful, sincere, unique
			 

			Adverbs

			always, commonly, consistently, daily, frequently, monthly, never, occasionally, often, rarely, regularly, typically, usually, weekly
			
		Copyright© 2022 Education World 125 Report Card Comments Back to Geography Lesson Plan
		Where Did Foods Originate?
(Foods of the New World and Old World)

 

Subjects

Arts & Humanities
	--Language Arts
	Educational Technology
	Science
	--Agriculture
	Social Studies
	--Economics
	--Geography
	--History
	----U.S. History
	----World History
	--Regions/Cultures
Grade

K-2
	3-5
	6-8
	9-12
	Advanced
 

Brief Description

Students explore how New World explorers helped change the Old World's diet (and vice versa).

Objectives

Students will

learn about changes that occurred in the New World and Old World as a result of early exploration.
	use library and Internet sources to research food origins. (Older students only.)
	create a bulletin-board map illustrating the many foods that were shared as a result of exploration.
Keywords

Columbus, explorers, origin, food, timeline, plants, map, New World, Old World, colonies, colonial, crops, media literacy, products, consumer

Materials Needed:

library and/or Internet access (older students only)
	outline map of the world (You might print the map on a transparency; then use an overhead projector to project and trace a large outline map of the world onto white paper on a bulletin board.)
	magazines (optional)
Lesson Plan

The early explorers to the Americas were exposed to many things they had never seen before. Besides strange people and animals, they were exposed to many foods that were unknown in the Old World. In this lesson, you might post an outline map of the continents on a bulletin board. Have students use library and/or Internet resources (provided below) to research some of the edible items the first explorers saw for the first time in the New World. On the bulletin board, draw an arrow from the New World (the Americas) to the Old World (Europe, Asia, Africa) and post around it drawings or images (from magazines or clip art) of products discovered in the New World and taken back to the Old World.

Soon, the explorers would introduce plants/foods from the Old World to the Americas. You might draw a second arrow on the board -- from the Old World to the New World -- and post appropriate drawings or images around it.

Adapt the Lesson for Younger Students 
Younger students will not have the ability to research foods that originated in the New and Old World. You might adapt the lesson by sharing some of the food items in the Food Lists  section below. Have students collect or draw pictures of those items for the bulletin board display.

Resources 
In addition to library resources, students might use the following Internet sites as they research the geographic origins of some foods:

Curry, Spice, and All Things Nice: Food Origins
	The Food Timeline
	Native Foods of the Americas
	A Harvest Gathered: Food in the New World
	We Are What We Eat Timeline (Note: This resource is an archived resource; the original page is no longer live and updated.)
Food Lists Our research uncovered the Old and New World foods below. Students might find many of those and add them to the bulletin board display. Notice that some items appear on both lists -- beans, for example. There are many varieties of beans, some with New World origins and others with their origins in the Old World. In our research, we found sources that indicate onions originated in the New and sources that indicate onions originated in the Old World. Students might create a special question mark symbol to post next to any item for which contradictory sources can be found

Note: The Food Timeline is a resource that documents many Old World products. This resource sets up a number of contradictions. For example:

Many sources note that tomatoes originated in the New World; The Food Timeline indicates that tomatoes were introduced to the New World in 1781.
	The Food Timeline indicates that strawberries and raspberries were available in the 1st century in Europe; other sources identify them as New World commodities.


Foods That Originated in the New World: artichokes, avocados, beans (kidney and lima), black walnuts, blueberries, cacao (cocoa/chocolate), cashews, cassava, chestnuts, corn (maize), crab apples, cranberries, gourds, hickory nuts, onions, papayas, peanuts, pecans, peppers (bell peppers, chili peppers), pineapples, plums, potatoes, pumpkins, raspberries, squash, strawberries, sunflowers, sweet potatoes, tobacco, tomatoes, turkey, vanilla, wild cherries, wild rice.

Foods That Originated in the Old World: apples, bananas, beans (some varieties), beets, broccoli, carrots, cattle (beef), cauliflower, celery, cheese, cherries, chickens, chickpeas, cinnamon, coffee, cows, cucumbers, eggplant, garlic, ginger, grapes, honey (honey bees), lemons, lettuce, limes, mangos, oats, okra, olives, onions, oranges, pasta, peaches, pears, peas, pigs, radishes, rice, sheep, spinach, tea, watermelon, wheat, yams.

Extension Activities 

Home-school connection. Have students and their parents search their food cupboards at home; ask each student to bring in two food items whose origin can be traced to a specific place (foreign if possible, domestic if not). Labels from those products will be sufficient, especially if the products are in breakable containers. Place those labels/items around a world map; use yarn to connect each label to the location of its origin on the map.
	Media literacy. Because students will research many sources, have them list the sources for the information they find about each food item. Have them place an asterisk or checkmark next to the food item each time they find that item in a different source. If students find a food in multiple sources, they might consider it "verified"; those foods they find in only one source might require additional research to verify.
Assessment

Invite students to agree or disagree with the following statement:The early explorers were surprised by many of the foods they saw in the New World.
Have students write a paragraph in support of their opinion.

Lesson Plan Source

Education World

Submitted By

Gary Hopkins

National Standards

LANGUAGE ARTS: EnglishGRADES K - 12NL-ENG.K-12.2 Reading for UnderstandingNL-ENG.K-12.8 Developing Research SkillsNL-ENG.K-12.9 Multicultural UnderstandingNL-ENG.K-12.12 Applying Language Skills

SOCIAL SCIENCES: EconomicsGRADES K - 4NSS-EC.K-4.1 Productive ResourcesNSS-EC.K-4.6 Gain from TradeGRADES 5 - 8NSS-EC.5-8.1 Productive ResourcesNSS-EC.5-8.6 Gain from TradeGRADES 9 - 12NSS-EC.9-12.1 Productive ResourcesNSS-EC.9-12.6 Gain from Trade

SOCIAL SCIENCES: GeographyGRADES K - 12NSS-G.K-12.1 The World in Spatial TermsNSS-G.K-12.2 Places and Regions

SOCIAL SCIENCES: U.S. HistoryGRADES K - 4NSS-USH.K-4.1 Living and Working together in Families and Communities, Now and Long AgoNSS-USH.K-4.3 The History of the United States: Democratic Principles and Values and the People from Many Cultures Who Contributed to Its Cultural, Economic, and Political HeritageNSS-USH.K-4.4 The History of Peoples of Many Cultures Around the WorldGRADES 5 - 12NSS-USH.5-12.1 Era 1: Three Worlds Meet (Beginnings to 1620)NSS-USH.5-12.2 Era 2: Colonization and Settlement (1585-1763)NSS-WH.5-12.6 Global Expansion and Encounter, 1450-1770

TECHNOLOGYGRADES K - 12NT.K-12.1 Basic Operations and ConceptsNT.K-12.5 Technology Research Tools

Find many more great geography lesson ideas and resources in Education World's Geography Center.

Click here to return to this week's World of Learning lesson plan page.

 

Updated 10/11/12 Where Did Foods Originate? (Foods of the New World and Old World) 50 "Needs Improvement" Report Card Comments Having a tough time finding the right words to come up with "areas for improvement" comments on your students' report cards? Check out our helpful suggestions to find just the right one!

The following statements will help you tailor your comments to specific children and highlight their areas for improvement.

Be sure to check out our 125 Report Card Comments for positive comments!

Needs Improvement- all topics

 is a hard worker, but has difficulty staying on task.
	 has a difficult time staying on task and completing his/her work.
	 needs to be more respectful and courteous to his/her classmates.
	 needs to listen to directions fully so that he/she can learn to work more independently.
	 is not demonstrating responsibility and needs to be consistently reminded of how to perform daily classroom tasks.
	 works well alone, but needs to learn how to work better cooperatively with peers.
	 does not have a positive attitude about school and the work that needs to be completed.
	 struggles with completing his/her work in a timely manner.
	 gives up easily when something is difficult and needs extensive encouragement to attempt the task.
	 gets along with his/her classmates well, but is very disruptive during full group instruction.
	 has a difficult time using the materials in the classroom in a respectful and appropriate manner.
	 has a difficult time concentrating and gets distracted easily.
	 is having a difficult time with math.  Going over _____ at home would help considerably.
	 is having a very difficult time understanding math concepts for his/her grade level.  He/she would benefit from extra assistance.
	 could benefit from spending time reading with an adult every day.
	 is enthusiastic, but is not understanding ____.  Additional work on these topics would be incredibly helpful.
	 is having difficulty concentrating during math lessons and is not learning the material that is being taught because of that. 
	 understands math concepts when using manipulatives, but is having a difficult time learning to ____ without them.
	 is a very enthusiastic reader.  He/she needs to continue to work on _____ to make him/her a better reader.
	 needs to practice reading at home every day to help make him/her a stronger reader.
	 needs to practice his/her sight words so that he/she knows them on sight and can spell them.
	 needs to work on his/her spelling.  Practicing at home would be very beneficial.
	 can read words fluently, but has a difficult time with comprehension.  Reading with ______ every day would be helpful.
	 could benefit from working on his/her handwriting.  Slowing down and taking more time would help with this.
	is having difficulty writing stories.  Encouraging him/her to tell stories at home would help with this.
	has a difficult time knowing when it is appropriate to share his/her thoughts.  We are working on learning when it is a good time to share and when it is a good time to listen.
	needs to work on his/her time management skills.  _______is able to complete his/her work, but spends too much time on other tasks and rarely completes his/her work.
	needs reminders about the daily classroom routine.  Talking through the classroom routine at home would be helpful.
	is having a difficult time remembering the difference between short and long vowel sounds.  Practicing these at home would be very helpful.
	is struggling with reading.  He/she does not seem to enjoy it and does not want to do it.  Choosing books that he/she like and reading them with him/her at home will help build a love of reading.
	frequently turns in incomplete homework or does not hand in any homework.  Encouraging _______to complete his/her homework would be very helpful.
	does not take pride in his/her work.  We are working to help him/her feel good about what he/she accomplishes.
	does not actively participate in small group activities.  Active participation would be beneficial.
	 has a difficult time remembering to go back and check his/her work.  Because of this, there are often spelling and grammar mistakes in his/her work.
	does not much effort into his/her writing.  As a result, his/her work is often messy and incomplete.
	is struggling to understand new concepts in science.  Paying closer attention to the class discussions and the readings that we are doing would be beneficial.
	 is reading significantly below grade level.  Intervention is required.
	does not write a clear beginning, middle and end when writing a story.  We are working to identify the parts of the stories that he/she is writing.
	is struggling to use new reading strategies to help him/her read higher level books.
	is wonderful at writing creative stories, but needs to work on writing nonfiction and using facts.
	has a difficult time understanding how to solve word problems.
	needs to slow down and go back and check his/her work to make sure that all answers are correct.
	is not completing math work that is on grade level.  Intervention is required.
	is struggling to understand place value.  
	is very enthusiastic about math, but struggles to understand basic concepts.
	has a difficult time remembering the value of different coins and how to count them.  Practicing this at home would be helpful.
	would benefit from practicing math facts at home.
	is very engaged during whole group math instruction, but struggles to work independently.
	is able to correctly answer word problems, but is unable to explain how he/she got the answer.
	is having a difficult time comparing numbers.    
Related: 125 Report Card Comments for positive comments!

Student Award Certificates!

Recognize positive attitudes and achievements with personalized student award certificates!

Copyright© 2020 Education World 50 "Needs Improvement" Report Card Comments Back to Top 75 Mill St. Colchester, CT 06415 Receive timely lesson ideas and PD tips Enter your email for FREE Newsletter! Sitemap Close Sitemap About Us Contact Us Help Center Advertise Reprint Rights Privacy Policy Lesson Plans Lesson Archive Newsletter Articles Box Cars Math Games Every-Day Edits Five-Minute Fillers Holiday Lessons Learning Games Lesson of the Day News for Kids Show-Biz Science Work Sheet Library Professional Development Clip Art Gallery Math Corner New Teacher Advisor Reader's Theater Reading Coach Responsive Classroom Strategies That Work Teacher Feature Voice of Experience Web Site Reviews Technology The Math Machine The Reading Machine The Science Machine Online Safety Sites to See WebQuest Technology Experts Tech Team Using Technology Keyboarding Techtorials Wire Side Chats On the Internet Administrators How I Handled… Wire Side Chats Partners for Student Success Principal Profiles Principal Toolbox Parent Involvement Programs Goals Best Books for School Leaders Exceptional Events Great Meetings Instant Meetings Morning Math School Resources Career Center Classroom Management Early Childhood Channel Ed World's Columnist Team Site Reviews for Educators State/Nat'l Education Standards Subjects & Specialties Substitute Teacher Resources Teacher-Submitted Lesson Plans Specialties Counseling Early Childhood Preservice Ed Special Ed Sub Station Vocational Ed Subject Resources The Arts Foreign Languages History Language, Literature Math PE and Health Science Social Sciences Technology Fun Activities Animals A-Z Edits Box Cars Math Games Every-Day Edits Fact Monster Hunts Five-Minute Fillers Friday Fun Ideas Education World @ Home Ed World@Home for Parents Ed World@Home for Students Lifestyle LifeStyle Center Early Childhood Castaldo's Corner Activities Early Childhood Activity Bank Sign up for our free weekly newsletter and receive top education news, lesson ideas, teaching tips and more! * No thanks, I don't need to stay current on what works in education! COPYRIGHT 1996-2016 BY EDUCATION WORLD, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Go to Full Site COPYRIGHT 1996 - 2025 BY EDUCATION WORLD, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. SchoolNotes.com The Educator's Network 75 Mill Street, Colchester, CT 06415