Education Data Initiative: College Costs & Student Loan Research Research by Topic Average Cost of Community College Average Cost of Private School Average Graduate Student Loan Debt College Dropout Rate College Enrollment College Graduates Cost of College Education Attainment Financial Aid Statistics How Do People Pay for College? H.S. to College Student Loan Debt Statistics Student Loan Default Rate Student Loan Forgiveness Student Loan Refinancing Student Loan Repayment U.S. Public Education Spending Statistics What Happens if Student Loan Debt is Canceled? Refinance About Donate Research and Resources to Tackle the Rising Costs of Higher Education. Scroll to all research Original Reports Featured By Watch the Documentary Join the Discussion Our reports help to enrich conversations about important issues in education and society through a slate of commonly accepted facts and findings. See additional discussion threads on Twitter Our Most Popular Research Reports Cost of College 01 Average Cost of College 02 Average Cost of College by State 03 Average Cost of Community College 04 Average Cost of Law School 05 Average Cost of Medical School 06 Average Cost of a Doctorate Degree 07 Average Cost of a Master's Degree 08 Average Cost of College Textbooks 09 Average Cost of a College Credit Hour 10 Average Cost of Private School Student Loan Debt 01 Student Loan Debt Statistics 02 Average Student Loan Debt 03 Total Student Loan Debt 04 Average Student Loan Payment 05 Student Loan Debt by Race 06 Average Student Loan Debt by Year 07 Average Time to Repay Student Loans 08 Economic Effects of Student Loan Debt 09 Average Medical School Debt 10 Student Loan Default Rate 01 College Graduation Rates 02 College Enrollment Statistics 03 College Dropout Rate 04 Financial Aid Statistics 05 Average Student Loan Interest Rate 06 Public Education Spending Statistics 07 Student Loan Forgiveness Statistics 08 How Much Would Free College Cost? 09 College Savings Statistics 10 Average Cost of Online College 11 What Happens if Student Loan Debt is Canceled? 12 Scholarships for College Freshman 13 Scholarships for High School Seniors 14 No Essay Scholarships 15 Scholarships for College Freshman 16 Scholarships for Graduate Students See More Resources for Students, Parents & Educators 01 Best Student Loan Refinance Lenders 02 Student Loan Refinance Lender Marketplaces 03 State-Affiliated Student Loan Refinancing 04 How to Lower Your Student Loan Interest Rate 05 How Many Times Can You Refinance? 06 How to Pay Off Student Loan Debt Fast 07 Forbearance vs. Deferment on Student Loans 08 How to Use Student Loans for Living Expenses 09 College Degree Return on Investment 10 Differences Between Fixed & Variable Student Loan Interest Rates 11 How to Find, Apply & Win Grants for College 12 Best Online SAT Prep Courses We’re a team of researchers who believe important discussions in education deserve to start from a place of fact, not opinion. From hot button topics like student loan debt to high school graduation rates, our mission is to make sure the data surrounding these topics is open & accessible. About Ways to Give Privacy Contact us Media Coverage Twitter © 2026, EducationData.org. All Rights Reserved.