Choose an Account to Log In
Log in with different email
For more assistance contact customer service
SKIP TO CONTENT
Log In Sign Up
Notifications
You don't have new notifications.
Subjects
Grades
Worksheets
Games
Build a Worksheet
More Resources
Roly Recommends
Did you receive a login code from your child's teacher? Enter it here.
'Tis the season for learning
Explore 38,000+ teacher-created worksheets, hands-on activities, and learning games that build real skills!
Join for free
Our learning library
With thousands of digital and printable resources, find the best resource for your student.
Dive right in
 Lesson Plans
Free, ready-made lesson plans make it easy to provide meaningful, standards-aligned instruction in both classroom and homeschool settings.
Plan my lesson today
 Worksheets
We've got a worksheet for anything your student is learning! Our printables make it easy to practice everything from handwriting to multiplication to sight words, and much more!
Check it out
 Games
Transform study time into an adventure! Sharpen math fluency and learn letters with immersive games like Flipping Pancakes Fractions and Irregular Nouns Ski Race.
Play now
 Activities
Our curated activities bring topics to life through hands-on science experiments, creative art projects, inspirational writing prompts, and more!
Make something now
Unlock every student's true potential
A premium membership gives you unlimited access to all of Education.com's resources and tools like playlists of guided lessons, progress insights for each student, and more!
Guided lessons
Follow our expertly-designed pathways of fun games that help learners practice and build upon skills in math, reading, writing, and typing!
Support for individual learners
Create assignments for individual learners, an entire household, or a classroom–with insights to celebrate each student's achievements and milestones
Learn more
Join the Education.com community!
44 million parents, teachers, and students served
Used in 20 countries across 6 continents
Library with 38,000 educational resources
I love that it shows me the areas my child needs to improve on and directs me to resources to work with him on. It's easy to understand and navigate to each area I need to go.
Sarah H.,
parent and Education.com premium member
 
Education.com has multiple resources organized for any learning tool you might need as a teacher, parent, and student, and I love the ability to be able to sort by grade, subject, enrichment, or type!
Amy Jo Meiners
2016 Alaska Teacher of the Year
Read more
Education.com for schools and districts
Our comprehensive, standards-aligned supplemental program empowers school administrators and teachers to help students build essential skills in math, reading, writing, science, social studies, and more.
Find out more
Get access today!
Join for free
Sign up to start collecting!

Bookmark this to easily find it later. Then send your curated collection to your children, or put together your own custom lesson plan.

Sign up Log in
Create Account
Step 1: Who is primarily going to use this content?
My Child

I'm a parent or guardian

My Students

I'm a teacher

Myself

I'm a student

Welcome!
Education.com is the world’s largest collection of free educational worksheets, games, activities, and more.
Pre-K through 8th grade
Create free account
Keep exploring
Educational Tools
Learning Library
Worksheets
Games
Interactive Worksheets
Worksheet Generator
Lesson Plans
Common Core Resources
Support
Help center
Pricing
Education.com For Schools
Get a Quote
Give Gift
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Connect
Blog
Tell us what you think
About
Company
Careers
Affiliate Program
Press
Reviews
Privacy Policy
COPPA Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
    
IXL

Comprehensive K-12 personalized learning

Rosetta Stone

Immersive learning for 25 languages

Wyzant

Trusted tutors for 300 subjects

Vocabulary.com

Adaptive learning for English vocabulary

ABCya

Fun educational games for kids

SpanishDictionary.com

Spanish-English dictionary, translator, and learning

Emmersion

Fast and accurate language certification

TPT

Marketplace for millions of educator-created resources

Copyright © 2025 Education.com, Inc, a division of IXL Learning • All Rights Reserved.