Pear Assessment | Pear Deck Learning Skip to Main Content Solutions By User Educators Spend less time administrating and more time engaging students. Schools & districts Empower teachers with the tools and data to enrich the student experience. By Use Case Professional services Student engagement & active learning Gamified collaboration Real-time student feedback Differentiated instruction & practice Assessment & test prep Data warehousing Standards-aligned content GoGuardian safety & productivity See all solutions Products Products Pear Start Plan, create, and deliver full lesson packages from one place. Pear Deck Drive student-teacher interaction with interactive presentations. Pear Practice Formerly Giant Steps Facilitate differentiated practice to help accelerate student mastery. Pear Assessment Formerly Edulastic Improve student learning using standards-based assessment tools. Services Professional services Get the most from Pear Deck Learning solutions with premium professional services. See all products Why Pear Deck Learning? Customer stories Stories of school, district, and classroom success. Integration and partners The key connections that make our platform powerful. Efficacy The data and models behind our platform and tools. Privacy Our approach to data privacy and responsible AI Explore how we apply learning science Resources & Community By Type Blog Community & advocacy Help center Events Explore resources & community Pricing Student/Tutor log in Sign Up Log In Pear Start Pear Deck Pear Practice Pear Assessment Pear Deck Tutor Pear Assessment Formerly Edulastic The leading solution to assess individual student needs. * Part of the Pear Deck Learning platform, Pear Assessment is the only versatile testing solution that combines the reporting capabilities and customization districts need with the simplified classroom assessments teachers love. Administrators: Request a demo Request a demo Educators: Sign up for free Sign up for free Monitor success with assessment Easily administer district, common, and classroom assessments with high-quality item banks, or use curriculum-aligned assessments to create your own questions. Request a demo Request a demo Implement common benchmarks Help every student master standards with an integrated assessment program to identify gaps and monitor progress. Create classroom formatives Create technology-enhanced, standards-aligned assessments and get instant data to drive instruction, for free. In-depth data at a glance See which areas students are succeeding — and where they need more support — with standards-aligned reporting that’s easy to understand and even easier to implement. Ensure secure testing Get additional layers of security, from browser lockdowns to dynamic passwords, plus customizable settings, to ensure secure testing. Visualize progress, drive outcomes Pear Assessment's data studio gives educators a holistic view of learning to shape data-driven strategies for student success. See Pear Assessment reporting alongside external academic and non-academic data sources to inform MTSS planning at the district, school, and student level. Gain critical insight Get insight into attendance data, academic performance, standards mastery, and academic risk levels — all in one convenient dashboard. See the 360 view of student progress Understand each student’s learning journey with the whole learner report, so you can provide proactive support to students who need it. Request a demo Request a demo new! Hours of content without hours of prep Time-saving test prep made for teachers, with teachers. Instant lesson packages Generate a full package of customizable lessons, practice sets, and tests on any topic, differentiated for multiple student groups, in under a minute. Content converter Upload years of existing materials and automatically convert them into interactive lessons, engaging practice sets, and trackable assessments. Request a demo Request a demo Try one of our 23K free pre-built assessments Math ELA Science Social Studies Grade 11 Mathematics LEAP 2025 Algbera I Practice Test Try Now Grade 7 Mathematics 7.1 Adding and Subtracting Integers Try Now Grade 8 Mathematics Slope-Intercept Form Extra Practice Try Now Grade 8 Mathematics 2023 STAAR Grade 8 Mathematics Released Test Try Now Grade 6 Mathematics Smarter Balanced Grade 6 Mathematics Practice Test Try Now Grade 7 ELA 7th grade ELA Unit 1 Practice Test Try Now Grade 8 ELA 7th grade ELA Unit 1 Practice Test Try Now Grade 6 ELA 2019 Grade 6 Reading Try Now Grade 11 ELA ACT English Practice Test, 2018-19 Try Now Grade 7 ELA Grade 7 EOG ELA Item Sampler 2018 Try Now Grade 8 Science 2023 STAAR Grade 8 Science Released Test Try Now Grade 5 Science Spring 2019 Grade 5 Science Item Release Try Now Grade 8 Science Mississippi MAAP 2023 Grade 8 Science Practice Test Try Now Grade 5 Science LEAP 2025 Grade 5 Science Practice Test Try Now Grade 11 Science HS-LS2b: Ecosystems and Biodiversity Try Now Grade 8 Social Studies LEAP 2025 Grade 8 Social Studies Practice Test Try Now Grade 7 Social Studies The Age of Exploration Try Now Grade 9 Social Studies NY Regents Global History and Geography II Jan 2020 Released Items Try Now Grade 5 Social Studies Conflict and Consensus Try Now Grade 8 Social Studies 2019 Grade 8 Social Studies Try Now You help students. We help you. Educators Explore dynamic presentation features, quality content, and more. Learn more Learn more Schools & Districts Accelerate learning with real-time feedback, collaborative classrooms, and more. Learn more Learn more Integrates seamlessly with the tech you already use Easy sign on through Google, MS365, or Clever. Sync class rosters and share assignments in Google Classroom or your LMS and push grades back to your gradebook. Request a demo Request a demo “ "I use Pear Assessment for weekly assessments and daily exit tickets. Student enjoy using their devices and the tech enhanced questions to show what they know. It also prepares them for state testing, so they are comfortable with the format." Brandie Schroeder, 5th grade Science, Social Studies, Math ELA Central Elementary School School Administrators Request a Demo Request a demo today and give your teachers instant insights into student understanding. *“Pear Assessment is the leading assessment platform to assess individual students' needs.” October 2024 Hanover survey of K-12 Administrators regarding respondent perceptions of curriculum and instruction products. We help teachers deliver powerful learning moments to every student, every day. Join our newsletter We’ll send you a nice letter every two weeks. No spam. Solutions Professional Services Use Cases Efficacy Integrations Products Pear Start Pear Deck Pear Practice Pear Assessment Pear Deck Tutor Go Guardian GoGuardian Website Classroom Management Safety & Security Get a Quote Privacy & Trust Company About Us GoGuardian Newsroom Security Reporting Program Contact People Educators Schools & Districts Tutors Resources Blog Resource Center Help Center Plans & Pricing Product Updates Success Stories Advocacy Program Partners Website Terms Website Privacy Policy Product Terms Product Privacy Policy Privacy & Trust California Residents Notice Your Privacy Rights © 2024 Pear Deck Learning. All Rights Reserved.