Online Learning Management System, Training Courses by Eduson Training Courses Careers Tests Course packages Finance Marketing Sales Manufacturing Industries Presentations Project Management Leadership Compliance Retail Software Soft-Skills Team Management Human Resource Platform Features About Blog Demo for companies Our contacts Phone number to contact the B2B team: +7 (495) 182-83-33 +7 (800) 100-86-33 Log in Interactive Online Courses to Boost Your Business Train your employees with 3 unique learning formats Start free trial No credit card required Scroll down Interactive educational platform Thanks to real company cases, interactive assignments, branching storylines and gamified elements, Eduson courses are as immersive as a good movie! Learning statistics, diplomas and rankings motivate you to learn while quizzes determine any weak spots you may have and it tests you on your newly acquired knowledge. Online courses can be completed at any time from a computer, tablet, or smartphone. All courses on 1 page The Eduson homepage automatically changes for each employee. All of your most important data is shown here: courses assigned by your manager, recommendations based on test results, new releases, and announcements. Constantly updated library of 1700+ courses New interesting courses on sales, management, marketing, HR, time management, and public speaking are uploaded to the Eduson platform on a monthly basis. Courses aim to improve practical skills, rather than theoretical knowledge: real company cases and interactive simulations help to learn new material and apply it at work. Explore Library 6 learning formats Animated presentations Dialogue simulations Business cases Interactive video courses Sales simulators Gamification Eduson uses game mechanics to immerse employees into the learning process. Employees communicate with different characters, make decisions, receive rewards and see their own progress in training courses. Rankings and diplomas push employees to continue learning. Branching scenarios and interactive videos Eduson lectures contain interactive questions: the outcome of the course depends on the answers chosen by the learner, just like in a video game. Branching scenarios adapt the difficulty of the course to the skill level of the employee: if the learner makes a lot of mistakes, the course will offer to re-learn the basics, if not — the course will go to the next level. Education through practice Participants learn how to make decisions in situations that imitate the real working process (Skype and regular calls, VR meetings, email). Dialogue courses immerse you into interactions with clients: voiced conversations and branching stories maintain attention, while regular feedback allows you to see and correct your mistakes. 22 Tests to Determine your Knowledge Eduson tests help employees uncover their strengths and weaknesses in different fields: sales, management, finance. All tests are adaptive. Their difficulty adjusts automatically to the employee’s level: the more questions one answers correctly, the more difficult the test becomes. After completing the test, the employee can choose courses from a list of recommendations that can help them eliminate the gaps in their knowledge. Assign tests Individual learning trajectory Employees can view which courses and tests are assigned to them for mandatory completion. An individual competency card helps employees set objectives, track progress and eliminate problems. Personal learning statistics Over 30 simple graphs and diagrams help to track learning progress. Personal statistics show test results, completed courses, and skills that you have obtained. Employee rankings Public rankings allow you to compare your progress to your coworkers. Compete with colleagues Track individual and team efforts in real time. Employee rankings create a competitive environment and motivate you to learn more. Set objectives See which courses your coworkers have completed and set your own objectives. Your coworkers will see your progress too. Print out a learning plan Print out your own learning plan with the press of a single button. It will be useful when you discuss your progress with your manager or compete for a promotion. Show your diplomas to your colleagues and friends Completed courses offer diplomas that you can print out or post on your LinkedIn. Show everyone what you have achieved: you have a reason to be proud! 520 000+ Employees Have Enjoyed Training with Eduson Start free trial Log in Email Password E-mail or password is wrong Log in I forgot my password Reset your password Forgot password? Just enter the e-mail address you used for registration — we will send you a link to reset your password. Email User with this e-mail is not found Восставление пароля для вашей компании не предусмотрено. Перейдите домен компании и выполните вход, используя корпоративные данные. Submit Please check your e-mail A message with password recovery instructions was sent to you. Please check your Email A message with your access details has been sent. Help Feedback about the website Email Email can't be blank is invalid Your message Message can't be blank Attach the screenshot to your message. Send Thank You! LinkedIn App Store Google Play Apk RuStore Eduson.tv About Software Characteristics Blog Features Change interface language English Русский English Companies Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Erasure Of Personal Information To contact the B2B team +7 (495) 182-83-33 +7 (800) 100-86-33 For questions about training at the Eduson Academy +7 (800) 101-14-04 Участник Сколково Included in the register of Russian software Announcing a new e-learning platform for individual clients: Eduson Academy Find out more