Edutopia - What Works in Education Close Edutopia Edutopia Menu Topics Assessment Integrated Studies Project-Based Learning Social and Emotional Learning Professional Learning Technology Integration ALL TOPICS Videos Ask & Answer Search Search Critical Thinking Creating a Class Cookbook to Inspire Critical Thinking in Math Students get to share their favorite family recipes and practice their problem-solving strategies in this engaging math project. Sandy Vorensky 1.4k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Administration & Leadership Supporting Students as They Navigate Adult Responsibilities Outside of School When high school students are balancing more than just their coursework, schools need to rethink how to best support them. Clementina Jose 579 Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Student Wellness Helping Students Return From a Long Absence Whether they’ve missed school for physical, mental health, or other reasons, students will benefit from a trauma-informed, flexible approach when they get back. Ella Miesner 2.3k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Research A Simple Recipe for Blissed-Out Kids A 2025 study showed that more recess time means less stress for students, suggesting that play is not just a nice-to-have—it’s essential for children’s well-being. Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Literacy Forming a Literacy Task Force for Your District To ensure that literacy practices are aligned to research districtwide, you need a plan—and a team to help carry it out. Shannon McGrath , Emily Stropes Haight 2.6k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Teacher Wellness You Are OK and You Will Be OK: Navigating Menopause as a Teacher When you can openly acknowledge this stage of midlife and find support, you’ll feel more empowered to manage challenges and extend grace to yourself. Hedreich Nichols 750 Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Interest-Based Learning Integrating Spontaneous Learning Into Pre-K Curriculum Teachers can use moments when children express curiosity as entry points to foster deep learning within planned lessons. Cecilia Cabrera Martirena 658 Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Curriculum Planning Reimagining PLCs as Instructional Impact Teams Repurposing traditional professional learning communities as teacher-led teams builds trust and strengthens instructional alignment. Erika Kersey 1.6k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Student Engagement Philosophical Chairs Brings Out the Passion in ELA Classrooms This low-prep, high-engagement activity prompts students to debate a question and critically examine their own and opposing positions. Jena Kleindl 1.2k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Assessment How to Develop Test-Ready Students There’s a difference between teaching to the test and developing test-specific thinking that will help students effectively apply what they’ve learned all year. Joshua Depoe , Autumn Mosby 2 3.3k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Popular Research The 10 Most Significant Education Studies of 2025 We’re back with our roundup of the most insightful studies of the year, from the power of brain breaks to groundbreaking research on AI, cell phones, and handwriting in the classroom. Youki Terada , Stephen Merrill 16 324.4k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Student Engagement 5 Ways to Encourage Deep Mathematical Thinking You can adapt the curriculum you have to create rich tasks that invite reasoning and build students’ problem-solving skills. Jo Boaler 37.1k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Technology Integration 3 Simple Slide Tips That Deepen Learning—and Save Time Whether you use Google Slides or something else, you can promote deep thinking during presentations by tweaking the slides you already have. Rob McEntarffer 16.8k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Technology Integration 5 Tech Integration Mistakes—and What to Do Differently Next Time Classroom tech use will always involve some element of trial and error, but many pitfalls are avoidable when you know what to watch out for. Paige Tutt 14k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. ChatGPT & Generative AI AI Isn’t the Main Problem—It Just Shows Us What That Problem Is Students are chasing points and grades because that’s what the education system prioritizes, but we can guide them to focus on learning. Tyler Rablin 12 12.4k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Project-Based Learning (PBL) Technology Integration A Virtual Collaboration Project Centered on American Democracy In a program sponsored by the Smithsonian, students in two different parts of the country interact to explore a civics question that is meaningful to both groups. Chayanee Brooks 546 Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Project-Based Learning (PBL) Problem-Based Learning and Future-Ready Skills Well-designed projects help students build valuable skills such as collaboration, critical thinking, and communication. Jay Goodman 2.9k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Place-Based Learning Boosting Midyear Engagement With Place-Based PBL High school teachers can build projects around issues in the local community to motivate students before and after winter break. Whitney Aragaki , Kirstin Milks 2.1k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Project-Based Learning (PBL) Making Project-Based Learning More Impactful by Emphasizing Depth Over Speed Teachers can help students get the most out of PBL by focusing on the development of effective learning habits. Michael McDowell 2.3k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Project-Based Learning (PBL) Bringing Together Cosplay and Coding in High School In this class, students learn engineering skills as well as costume design and event planning, culminating in a convention that’s open to the whole community. Dawn DuPriest , Matthew Farber 2 2k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. English Language Learners English Language Learners Sentence-Level Scaffolds That Foster English Learners’ Independence and Growth Teachers can structure supports to guide English learners to speak and write using grade-level, discipline-specific language. Tan Huynh , Beth Skelton 7.6k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. English Language Learners Adapting Gradual Release of Responsibility for English Language Learners This model provides scaffolded active engagement and opportunities for guided practice to help students master new skills. Tan Huynh , Beth Skelton 8.5k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Communication Skills How Podcasting in the Classroom Boosts Communication Skills When students practice their oral communication skills by making podcasts, their writing, speaking, and storytelling abilities blossom. Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Literacy Problem-Solving Discussions in Elementary Math Creating opportunities to talk about math builds understanding and strengthens language development for all students—particularly English language learners. Rachel M. Restani , Suzanne Abdelrahim 3.6k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. English Language Learners Using an Input-Output Loop to Help Newcomer Students Learn Class Content Teachers can carefully chunk information to support newcomer students in learning grade-level content while developing their English proficiency. Tan Huynh , Beth Skelton 7.6k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Formative Assessment Formative Assessment Using Interviews to Gain Insight Into Students’ Math Thinking Elementary teachers can talk with students one-on-one to probe their thinking and learn things that might be missed with traditional assessments. Kristin Raia 876 Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Formative Assessment Fun Formative Assessment Activities Inspired by UDL Varying the format of comprehension checks guides students to demonstrate learning and provides teachers feedback on progress. Maureen Magnan 5.5k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Formative Assessment 13 Super-Quick Formative Assessments Teachers can use these techniques to gauge students’ understanding mid-lesson and then decide whether to reteach or press ahead. Todd Finley 6 61.1k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Formative Assessment Crafting Data-Driven Narratives About Students Telling stories with and about data helps students better see themselves as learners and helps teachers center them in the classroom. Carl Slater 7.1k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Assessment Using Oral Assessments to Enrich Our Understanding of Student Learning If you’ve ever had the sense that grades didn’t truly reflect what students had learned, formal and informal talks can give you more data and a more accurate picture. Tyler Rablin 5 9k Your content has been saved! Go to My Saved Content. Popular Topics Assessment Brain-Based Learning ChatGPT & Generative AI Classroom Management English Language Learners Learning Environments New Teachers Research Student Engagement Teacher Wellness Technology Integration Topics A-Z Grade Levels Pre-K K-2 Primary 3-5 Upper Elementary 6-8 Middle School 9-12 High School About Us Our Mission Core Strategies Meet the Team Our Contributors Newsletters Write for Us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Account Help Follow Edutopia Privacy Policy Terms of Use Edutopia is an initiative of the George Lucas Educational Foundation. © 2025 George Lucas Educational Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Edutopia®, the EDU Logo™ and Lucas Education Research Logo® are trademarks or registered trademarks of the George Lucas Educational Foundation in the U.S. and other countries. Close