Skip to Main Content
Country:
United States | English
Why Edward Jones
Working with a Financial Advisor
Investment Services
Market News and Insights
Secure Login
Find a Financial Advisor
The key to being rich is knowing what counts.

Meet a financial advisor who learns what truly matters to you - creating financial strategies to help support a life you love.

Find your match
How can we help you today?
Find a location near you
Review fees and pricing
Explore products and services
How to choose a financial advisor
Benefits of an Edward Jones financial advisor
Questions to ask a financial advisor
Why partner with us
We believe financial success is for everyone.

“

Ownership gives our team a sense of pride and creates a shared commitment to make Edward Jones better every day.

Penny Pennington
Managing Partner

previous image
next image

Investors who work with a financial advisor feel more financially secure.

Source: Kantar 2022 U.S. MONITOR

Find a Financial Advisor
Learn more about
The Market and Investing
Working with Edward Jones
2026 outlook: AI and innovation matter, so does diversification

2026 can be a year of positive returns and steady economic growth, in our view, but there are potential risks, including AI uncertainty and lingering inflation.

Weekly market wrap

A summary of last week's market highlights and economic news.

A business owner's guide to navigating uncertainty

These business practices may be beneficial during times of uncertainty.

Planning Strategies During Market Volatility

These strategies can be particularly beneficial for those with potentially taxable estates, as they can help mitigate future estate or income taxes.

Latest News
How long will my money last in retirement?
All Articles
Financial goals aren't achieved overnight.

The right process can help. Match with financial advisors based on your needs.

Take the Quiz
Or
Search by Location 
opens in a new window
EDWARD JONES RECOGNIZED FOR WORKPLACE CULTURE

Edward Jones Named a 2025 Fortune 100 Best Company To Work For ®

Fortune names Edward Jones to the 2025 "100 Best Companies to Work For®" list

Fortune 100 Best Company 2025

2025 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For, published April 2025, research by Great Places to Work, data as of July 2024. Compensation provided for using, not obtaining, the rating. From Fortune, ©2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license.

Market Data
DJIA
48,461.93
(-249.04)
S&P 500
6,905.74
(-24.20)
NASDAQ
23,474.35
(0.00)
Find a Financial Advisor
Disclosures
News and Media
Careers
Resources for CPAs and Attorneys
Client Relationship Summary
Client Resource Center
Follow us to stay up to date
Feedback
Privacy and Security Center
Revenue Sharing (pdf)
Accessibility
Terms of Use

Copyright © 2025 Edward Jones. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 

This site is designed for U.S. residents only. The services offered within this site are available exclusively through our U.S. financial advisors. Edward Jones' U.S. financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states for which they are properly registered. Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned are available in every state.