eero: The way wifi should be Accessibility Statement Skip to main content USA SUPPORT Products eero Plus Why eero Professional Solutions Find your eero Home Page Wifi at the speed of life. Wifi at the speed of life. Explore eero Pro 7 Wi-Fi 7 that goes above and beyond. Explore eero PoE 7 → Secure wifi by design. Learn about eero → Say goodbye to internet outages. Explore eero Signal → We pioneered home mesh wifi and are constantly perfecting it. Set up wifi in minutes, receive automatic updates, and easily manage your network from anywhere. The eero difference. There’s wifi, and then there’s eero mesh wifi. See what makes eero different. Learn about eero → ) Thoughtful by design. Fast, easy setup. Set up your Wi-Fi network in minutes with placement recommendations for optimal performance and coverage. Automatic updates. Software updates bring new features, performance improvements, and security enhancements without interrupting your wifi. Security innovation. Unlike traditional security software that requires installing and updating on each device, eero’s router-level protection automatically secures every device on your network. Wifi scheduling. Limit screen time across individual devices or your entire home to minimize distractions at dinner, during homework, or before bed. Instant guest wifi. Easily create a guest network and share it with a link or a QR code. Your internet, your way. With even more control and enhanced security, an eero Plus subscription makes it fast and easy to manage multiple networks and devices from anywhere. Proven performance you can count on. 9 5 , 0 0 0 + Amazon reviews with an average 4.5-star rating. 2 0 M + eero devices power homes and businesses across 27+ countries. 4 . 8 / 5 Star rating for our award-winning eero app. From bedrooms to boutiques, eero has you covered. Home wifi eero Business eero Service Providers eero Pro Installers eero Communities The products displayed on this page are subject to the disclaimers at eero.com/legal/disclaimers Products eero Plus Experience Technology Find your eero Careers Legal Connect with us Submit email Discover Service Providers Pro Installers Business Communities Resources Support Blog Media room © 2025 eero LLC, San Francisco, CA Your ads, privacy, and cookie choices eero home eero Facebook eero Instagram eero Linkedin eero X eero Youtube Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play