Electronic Frontier Foundation | Defending your rights in the digital world Skip to main content About Contact Press People Opportunities EFF's 35th Anniversary Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Our Work Deeplinks Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers Podcast Annual Reports Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Atlas of Surveillance Cover Your Tracks Street Level Surveillance apkeep Donate Donate to EFF Giving Societies Shop Sponsorships Other Ways to Give Membership FAQ Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Email updates on news, actions, and events in your area. Join EFF Lists Copyright (CC BY) Trademark Privacy Policy Thanks Electronic Frontier Foundation Donate Electronic Frontier Foundation About Contact Press People Opportunities EFF's 35th Anniversary Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Our Work Deeplinks Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers Podcast Annual Reports Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Atlas of Surveillance Cover Your Tracks Street Level Surveillance apkeep Donate Donate to EFF Giving Societies Shop Sponsorships Other Ways to Give Membership FAQ Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Donate The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation for 35 years and counting ! FEATURED UPDATE Stand Together to Protect Democracy Support EFF before the end of 2025 to fuel the legal battles that defend encryption, the tools that protect privacy, and the advocacy that stops dangerous laws. EFF has been in the fight every step of the way, thanks to support from people like you. FEATURED UPDATE The Breachies 2025: The Worst, Weirdest, Most Impactful Data Breaches of the Year Another year has come and gone, and with it, thousands of data breaches that affect millions of people. The question these days is less, Is my information in a data breach this year? and more How many data breaches had my information in them this year? FEATURED UPDATE 2025 in Review Each December we take a moment to publish a series of blog posts that look back at the things we’ve accomplishes in fighting for your rights and privacy the past 12 months. But this year I’ve been thinking not just about the past 12 months, but also over the past 25 years I’ve spent at EFF. As many folks know, I’ve decided to pass the leadership torch and will leave EFF in 2026, so this will be the last time... If you use technology, this fight is yours. EFF defends your privacy and free expression because technology should serve all people, not just the powerful. We’re a nonprofit powered by members, and we need you in this fight. Donate Today! Banner Graphic: Resource Surveillance Self-Defense Description: Surveillance Self-Defense is EFF's online guide to defending yourself and your friends from surveillance by using secure technology and developing careful practices. Issues Reproductive Justice ترتبط العدالة الإنتاجية والوصول الآمن للإجهاض، كالعديد من الجوانب الأخرى لإدارة رعايتنا الصحية، مرتبطة بشكل أساسي بحياتنا الرقمية. مع قرار دوبز ڤي جاكسون بإلغاء الحماية التي وفرها روي ڤي وايد للأشخاص الذين يسعون للحصول على الرعاية الصحية المتعلقة بالإجهاض، والتي كانت من المعلومات الحميدة قبلا، أصبحت اليوم دليلًا جنائيًا محتملًا. هذا التهديد الموسع للحقوق الرقمية خطير بشكل خاص على الأشخاص السود، السكان الأصليون/ات وذوي البشرة الملونة، وذوي الدخل المنخفض، والمهاجرين/ات، وأفراد مجتمع الميم – عين وغيرهم من المجتمعات المهمشة تقليديًا، ومقدمي الرعاية الصحية الذين يخدمون هذه المجتمعات.في هذه الصفحة، قمنا بتجميع أدلة خصوصية البيانات لأي شخص من المحتمل أن يتأثر: أولئك الذين يسعون للحصول على الرعاية الصحية والعيادات والمهنيين/ات الصحيين/ات المتعلقة بالإجهاض، وكذلك أولئك المشاركين/ات في حركات مناصرة الوصول إلى الإجهاض الآمن. ترتبط هذه الصفحة أيضًا بمساعي وتوصيات منظمة الجبهة الالكترونية إلى الهيئات التشريعية والشركات من أجل حماية أفضل للحقوق الرقمية للأشخاص الذين يحتاجون ويقدمون الرعاية الصحية الإنجابية.شاهد هذا الفيديو القصير حول الأمن الرقمي لحركة الوصول الآمن للإجهاض: Banner Graphic: Resource Digital Rights Bytes Description: Get honest answers to the questions that have been bugging you about technology. The Latest Deeplinks Blog by Mitch Stoltz , Katharine Trendacosta | December 30, 2025 Site Blocking Laws Will Always Be a Bad Idea: 2025 in Review This year, we fought back against the return of a terrible idea that hasn’t improved with age: site blocking laws. More than a decade ago, Congress tried to pass SOPA and PIPA—two sweeping bills that would have allowed the government and copyright holders to quickly shut down entire websites based... Deeplinks Blog by Sarah Hamid | December 30, 2025 EFF's Investigations Expose Flock Safety's Surveillance Abuses: 2025 in Review Throughout 2025, EFF conducted groundbreaking investigations into Flock Safety's automated license plate reader (ALPR) network , revealing a system designed to enable mass surveillance and susceptible to grave abuses. Our research sparked state and federal investigations, drove landmark litigation, and exposed dangerous expansion into always-listening voice detection technology. We documented... Deeplinks Blog by Corynne McSherry | December 30, 2025 Fighting Renewed Attempts to Make ISPs Copyright Cops: 2025 in Review You might not know it, given the many headlines focused on new questions about copyright and Generative AI, but the year’s biggest copyright case concerned an old-for-the-internet question: do ISPs have to be copyright cops? If the Supreme Court doesn’t reverse a lower court’s ruling, ISPs could be forced to... Deeplinks Blog by Daly Barnett | December 29, 2025 Operations Security (OPSEC) Trainings: 2025 in Review It's no secret that digital surveillance and other tech-enabled oppressions are acute dangers for liberation movement workers. The rising tides of tech-fueled authoritarianism and hyper-surveillance are universal themes across the various threat models we consider. EFF's Surveillance Self-Defense project is a vital antidote to these threats, but it's not... Deeplinks Blog by Josh Richman | December 29, 2025 EFF in the Press: 2025 in Review EFF’s attorneys, activists, and technologists don’t just do the hard, endless work of defending our digital civil rights — they also spend a lot of time and effort explaining that work to the public via media interviews. And EFF had thousands of media mentions in 2025, from the smallest hyperlocal... Deeplinks Blog by Beryl Lipton | December 29, 2025 Drone as First Responder Programs: 2025 in Review Drone as first responder (DFR) adoption really took off in 2025, normalizing this invasive technology while incorporating AI and automated directions to replace human operators— while integrating it into more real-time crime center structures. Capturing video of your home, your backyard, and your movements that should require clear policies around... Deeplinks Blog by Hudson Hongo | December 28, 2025 EFFector Audio Speaks Up for Our Rights: 2025 Year in Review EFFector's audio companion features exclusive interviews where EFF's lawyers, activists, and technologists dig deeper into the biggest stories in privacy, free speech, and innovation. Here are some of the best interviews from EFFector Audio in 2025. Deeplinks Blog by Sarah Hamid | December 28, 2025 Procurement Power—When Cities Realized They Can Just Say No: 2025 in Review In 2025, elected officials across the country began treating surveillance technology purchases differently: not as inevitable administrative procurements handled by police departments, but as political decisions subject to council oversight and constituent pressure. This shift proved to be the most effective anti-surveillance strategy of the year.Since February, at least 23... Deeplinks Blog by Thorin Klosowski | December 28, 2025 Defending Encryption in the U.S. and Abroad: 2025 in Review Defending encryption has long been a bedrock of our work. Privacy in conversations or storing data is impossible without encryption. And this year we’ve seen attacks on these rights from all around the world. Deeplinks Blog by India McKinney , Aaron Mackey | December 27, 2025 Lawmakers Must Listen to Young People Before Regulating Their Internet Access: 2025 in Review State and federal lawmakers have introduced multiple proposals in 2025 to curtail or outright block children and teenagers from accessing legal content on the internet. On top of violating minors’ First Amendment rights, these laws also actively harm minors who rely on the internet to find community and support, and... More Updates Back to top Follow EFF: mastodon facebook instagram x Blue Sky youtube flicker linkedin tiktok threads Check out our 4-star rating on Charity Navigator . Contact General Legal Security Membership Press About Calendar Volunteer Victories History Internships Jobs Staff Diversity & Inclusion Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity & Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers EFFector Newsletter Press Press Contact Donate Join or Renew Membership Online One-Time Donation Online Giving Societies Corporate Giving and Sponsorship Shop Other Ways to Give Copyright (CC BY) Trademark Privacy Policy Thanks JavaScript license information