Electronics for Imaging Skip to content Search for: Please enter at least 3 characters. Profile Link Select Language United States (English) United Kingdom (English) Search for: Please enter at least 3 characters. Packaging Applications For Brands Corrugated Packaging Solutions Metal Packaging Solutions EFI™ Nozomi single-pass inkjet printing technology is the most efficient way to manufacture high-graphic packaging and the most effective way to create highly profitable business opportunities. EFI Nozomi printers produce image quality that competes with high-quality flexography and offset printing while providing a streamlined process. High value-added services, such as small or medium runs and variable data printing, can generate new sources of revenue and market opportunities, such as eCommerce and displays. Don’t overlook an opportunity to leverage your eCommerce packaging as a key marketing channel. Learn how you can enhance your brand, elevate your customer experience, and stay top of mind with the power of digital printing for corrugated eCommerce packaging. EFI™ Nozomi single-pass digital inkjet printing technology for corrugated packaging and displays is a transformative technology for increasing printing capabilities and crafting new business models. The metal packaging industry can now benefit from highly flexible, industrial digital inkjet printing with the advanced capabilities, efficiencies, and sustainable printing of the EFI™ Nozomi 12000 MP single-pass printer. Textile Applications EFI Reggiani Digital Printers EFI Reggiani Analog Printers EFI Mezzera Pre- and Post-treatment Textile Machines EFI Jaeggli Yarn Treatment Machines Genuine EFI Textile Inks With over 75 years of innovation, research, and technological excellence, EFI™ Reggiani has become the trusted brand for integrated, scalable solutions for the entire textile process – from yarn treatment to fabric printing and finishing. EFI™ Reggiani digital printers deliver high-performance solutions that keep textiles and profits flowing, whether you’re operating a small manufacturing site or a large industrial plant. Our industry-leading scan and single-pass printers offer cutting-edge technology for a wide range of fabric and paper printing applications. With exceptional productivity, precise printing accuracy, superior quality, and efficient ink usage, EFI Reggiani printers provide the most competitive cost per foot available on the market. With an installed base surpassing 3,000 units, EFI™ Reggiani analog printers represent premium quality and reliability. With extended uptime, fast setup, and reduced water consumption, EFI Reggiani analog printers are top-performing machines delivering high efficiency and profitability. EFI™ Mezzera high-efficiency, textile treatment machines for preparation, washing, and dyeing lines improve the characteristics of finished garments. The EFI™ Jaeggli Extensa hank mercerizing machine for yarn treatment offers high operational flexibility, easy repetitiveness, and absolute evenness. Get consistent top results in the yarn’s final quality in terms of vibrancy, strength, dimensional stability, and dyeing affinity. Deliver the most brilliant shades on any textile application with a full range of certified, environmentally friendly, water-based inks. Sign & Display Applications Roll-to-roll Printers Flatbed Printers Hybrid Flatbed/Roll-fed Printers Super-high-speed Printers Soft Signage Printers Genuine EFI Inks and Coatings EFI™ digital inkjet printers for the sign and display market have played an instrumental role in leading the analog-to-digital revolution. From the introduction of the first VUTEk® wide-format airbrush printer to the latest developments in LED curing technology, EFI wide- and superwide-format flatbed, hybrid, roll-to-roll, soft signage, and specialty printers continue to expand the possibilities of digital print. EFI™ superwide roll-to-roll LED printers offer the best in terms of performance, versatility, cost of ownership, usability, and environmental friendliness. EFI™ production-level, wide-format LED flatbed printers are ideal for printing on sheets of flexible or rigid materials, irregularly shaped or heavy objects, or materials with uneven surfaces, which are held securely to the table with a vacuum system throughout the printing process. EFI™ production-level, digital inkjet hybrid flatbed/roll-fed LED printers offer the ultimate flexibility with the ability to print roll-to-roll, flexible sheets, and rigid substrates in a single footprint. With a fast changeover from flexible to rigid materials, EFI hybrid LED printers offer cost-effective production and are perfect if you want to offer a wide variety of sign and display graphics applications. Shift your capabilities, productivity, and profit margins into overdrive with EFI™ super-high-speed printers for ultra-high volume producers of sign and display graphics. EFI™ production-level dye-sublimation printers produce beautiful, digitally printed fabrics, soft signage, banners, flags, and other custom applications faster and more efficiently with inline fixation or a one-step transfer process. Genuine EFI™ Inks and Coatings are custom-formulated for every EFI sign and display inkjet printing system. It’s how we ensure you get the highest color quality, durability, performance, reliability, consistency, and predictable running costs. Industrial Printing Applications Ceramics EFI Rialco Industrial Ink Products EFI™ Cretaprint®  digital inkjet printers are robust, industrial printing systems for the decoration of ceramics. EFI™ Cretaprint® inkjet printers are the most advanced digital ceramic decorating systems. With the printer, Genuine EFI Cretacolor Inks, and Fiery® color management system working as one, EFI is the only company in the industry that supplies a total solution to help your business maximize your digital printing success. EFI™ Rialco industrial ink products include formulated color systems for the timber preservation sector, and dye powders and other components for the ink sector. Support & Training Product Support Sign & Display Inkjet Printer Training Sign & Display Printer Service Contracts EFI Nozomi Professional Services EFI Reggiani Customer Service Resources About About EFI Awards and Certifications Industry Associations Leadership Newsroom Media Resources Press Releases Events Careers Job Search Contact Us How to Buy Worldwide Locations Partners Contact Home Print Smarter See why the EFI™ Pro 33r roll-to-roll LED printer is the smart choice for keeping your business moving forward. Learn how to print smarter with the EFI Pro 33r Accelerate your business Superior image quality, production-level printing, and even more print capabilities make the EFI™ Pro 30f+ flatbed LED printer the one you’ve always wanted. Find Out More Leading print providers choose EFI Customer Story See how Studio One uses the EFI VUTEk M3h hybrid printer to strengthen and future-proof its business operations. The printer’s high productivity, substrate flexibility, and consistent output help Studio One meet market demands for faster turnarounds, expand its offerings, and maintain a competitive edge. It's future proofing the business and it's going to allow us to service our customers in terms of what their wants and needs are from a large format perspective. Danny Golden Commercial Director Watch Video 01									/ 03 Customer Story See how Route 1 Print, the UK’s largest trade printer, expanded its large-format capabilities with four EFI VUTEk printers — the VUTEk h5 and h5+ hybrid LED printers, the VUTEk Q3r roll-to-roll LED printer, and the VUTEk FabriVU 340i+ dye-sublimation printer with inline fixation— to boost quality, speed, and flexibility across every job. We knew there was opportunity in large format, we talked about it for years, and this kit's allowing us to actually realize that in a genuine way. Mark Young Managing Director Watch Video 02									/ 03 Customer Story To keep pace with customer demands, South Shore Sign Company recognized it needed the right technology to deliver the quality and service for which it’s known. Learn how the EFI Pro 33r roll-to-roll LED printer helped them dramatically increase production capacity—and why it’s become a game changer for their business. The amount of production that we can do in a day has gone up exponentially. And that's really the greatest benefit of the machine. Jeff Premiani Production Manager Watch Video 03									/ 03 Brilliant applications. Stunning capabilities. Awesome profits. Combine the right creativity and skills with the capabilities of EFI’s digital inkjet printing equipment to accelerate your success in capturing new and more profitable opportunities. Previous Next 01 /12 Product packaging Turn plain corrugated boxes into colorful brand magnets with the high-quality imaging of EFI Nozomi single-pass digital printers. Previous Next 02 /12 Subscription boxes Elevate your customers’ subscription box businesses with digitally printed eCommerce corrugated packaging. Previous Next 03 /12 eCommerce packaging Digitally printed eCommerce corrugated packaging is cost-effective and a beautiful way to improve the unboxing experience with printing on both the outside and inside of the box. Previous Next 04 /12 Day/Night backlit graphics Create stunning backlit graphics using EFI’s industry-leading white ink and multi-layer printing capabilities available on EFI wide- and superwide-format flatbed, roll-to-roll, and hybrid LED printers for the sign and display market. Previous Next 05 /12 Retail graphics From window graphics and indoor signs to POP displays and more, deliver brilliant images on rigid and flexible materials with EFI’s sign and display printers. Previous Next 06 /12 Outdoor banners, billboards and more Produce banners, billboards, building wraps, and other outdoor applications with EFI superwide roll-to-roll LED printers and durable Genuine EFI Inks . Previous Next 07 /12 Soft signage Print directly on a wide range of polyester-based materials or transfer paper to produce vivid colors and deep blacks for stunning backlit graphics, flags, retail fixture wraps, event and tradeshow graphics, and more with EFI soft signage printers. Previous Next 08 /12 3D signage and thermoforming applications Print high-elongation thermoforming applications, such as outdoor signage, POP signs and displays, day/night backlit signs, promotional products, beverage lights and signs, vending and gaming panels, and much more, with EFI Transform-TF thermoformable inks. Previous Next 09 /12 Fashion EFI Reggiani digital textile printers are designed to meet the needs of fashion designers and textile manufacturers around the world. Ensure high-quality prints with the softest hand feel, vibrant colors, sharp details, and smooth gradients that comply with green standards. Previous Next 10 /12 Home textile Offer eco-friendly and high-quality prints with excellent wet and dry fastness properties, a wide and vivid color gamut, remarkable sharpness in detail, and highly customizable designs to make your customers’ homes unique with EFI Reggiani textile solutions. Previous Next 11 /12 Sportswear With EFI Reggiani digital printers, you can elevate your design possibilities and capabilities to print a wide color gamut, brilliant shades, and smooth transitions for demanding high-density applications like sportswear. Previous Next 12 /12 Ceramic tiles Print marble, stone, and wood designs directly to ceramic tiles with the EFI Cretaprint ceramic decoration ecosystem. Press Releases The latest press releases about EFI – the company, our partners, our brilliant customers, and the latest innovations in digital printing. View All 12 Nov-2025 EFI and Fiery, LLC, Reach Agreement on Fiery Acquisition of Inèdit Software Read More  [PDF, 62.36 KB] 21 Oct-2025 EFI Brings Sign & Display Graphics Businesses Innovative Productivity Enhancements to PRINTING United Expo Read More  [PDF, 55.12 KB] View All Worldwide Locations EFI™ is a global leader in the print industry with printer and ink manufacturing facilities and office locations in more than 10 countries, technical customer service and support teams with strong regional presences, and a team of 1,300 employees focused on our customers’ success. See All Locations See All Locations We’ve helped thousands of customers select the right digital printing technology to increase profits, lower costs, improve productivity, and optimize efficiency. We’re always ready to talk about your goals and how we can help. Contact Us Contact Us Footer EFI is leading the transformation from analog to digital imaging with scalable, digital, award-winning products. Products Packaging Textile Sign & Display Industrial Printing Support Product Support Sign & Display Inkjet Printer Training Sign & Display Printer Service Contracts EFI Nozomi Professional Services EFI Reggiani Customer Service About About EFI Leadership Newsroom Careers Contact Us Partners Legal Terms of Use Privacy Cookie Policy Transparency in Coverage Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Supplier Code of Conduct Purchase Order Terms and Conditions EFI’s Annual Tax Strategy UK Modern Slavery Act Notice © 2025 Electronics For Imaging, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Follow Us Facebook Twitter Youtube Linkedin Instagram