eFlorist by Teleflora | Florist Website, Floral POS, Florist Marketing Skip to content Home Website Features Common Website Questions Marketing Packages Services POS Teleflora POS System Packages Teleflora Flower Shop Point of Sale FAQ Contact Us Blog TRY IT TODAY! TRY IT TODAY! Powerful. Simple. Beautiful. We’ve made all the arrangements, so your business can blossom. START YOUR TRIAL TODAY Experience the Floral Industry Leading Website Supporting florists every step of the way Florist Website Your website is an extension of you: your brand, your style, and your voice. eFlorist offers you a flexible website platform that showcases you and your flower business while providing the marketing tools and advertising services to successfully manage your e-commerce website. Discover our cutting-edge florist website features ! Explore Website features Website Features that Help You Stand Out Inventory Management Option to customize completely or fully automate floral merchandising, including webpage banner, site navigation, product category, and featured product. Product Catalog Select floral products for your site from Teleflora’s expansive product catalog and set your own pricing or create your own custom flower products to sell. Customized Website Create a unique business website with 500+ combinations of website designs, themes, and layouts as well as custom galleries, product categories, and SEO boosting local pages. SEO-Optimized Take your website’s online ranking to the next level and drive higher organic search visibility for your flower shop. Flexible Fees Create custom delivery fees, by date and distance, or set products to in-store pick up and provide your customers with options. Custom Logo Boost your floral business brand with a unique, beautifully designed logo just for your shop. FlORIST WEBSITES We are a Web-hosting Partner that Delivers Top Performance eFlorist consistently invests in our website platform to provide our florists and their customers the best e-commerce experience. Our florist websites are highly visible in search to drive more customers to you. Once customers discover you, coupled with the powerful tools of the platform, allow you to experience: Annual Order Growth Higher AOVs More Upgrades #1 Florist Website Platform across the US & Canada contact us eFlorist Offers Comprehensive Florist Marketing Services to Help Your Website Thrive Florist Marketing We offer full service programs including advertising services and marketing strategies to help you grow your floral shop’s orders as well as increase your business’ online presence. Florist Marketing Powerful Florist Point of Sale Technology Florist software designed to help you grow your floral business anywhere, anytime. Mobile Point of Sale You can place and track flower orders from anywhere. The system works seamlessly on your tablet or smartphone. Automatic integration Dove POS (point of sale) automatically integrates with your eFlorist website, eliminating redundancy. There’s no need to re-key orders. Marketing made simple Dove POS (point of sale) allows you to generate emails and create postcards to send to your customers with just a few easy clicks. Training and tech support One-on-one training is offered to all Dove Point of Sale system owners. And our highly trained, U.S.-based tech support is available to answer any questions by phone or email. FLoRIST POINT OF SALE Experience the Teleflora Difference Putting local florists front and center eFlorist is one of the many offerings Teleflora can provide you. As the world’s largest flower delivery service, Teleflora is committed to its mission to support our network of florists and partners. About us AND, there’s more! Our wonderful in-house customer support team is always ready to answer any questions you may have through email or a phone call. contact us Hear What our eFlorist members are saying! “Finally! A florist website that is as beautiful as the products we sell! To customize the site as it fits our shops, to feature the merchandise WE want to spotlight, and highlight the messages we want to get across to our customer, truly makes this upgrade special. The site is a greater reflection of how our customers shop. Our customers, and every florist that utilizes it, will absolutely LOVE this site!” Blumz by JRDesigns “This eFlorist platform is about selling flowers easily and, most importantly, successfully! It is a seamless experience for all, and will immerse and engage our customers. Teleflora has listened – and that’s a great thing.” McCarthy Flowers Frequently Asked Questions: Can I customize the design of my eFlorist website to match my brand? You don’t have to settle for the same website layout as everyone else. There are many ways to design your website: from the unique look and feel of the website layout to customized messages to convey what your shop is truly about. The options are nearly endless. These are some of our Home Pages & Themes What is eFlorist Marketing? We have a dedicated eMarketing support team available to guide you through your digital marketing efforts, and coach you on best practices and tactics. Teleflora’s digital marketing programs such as Online Search Marketing, Yelp premium profiles, Review Management, and promotions Email Program are also available to optimize your eFlorist website performance and grow your shop’s online orders. Learn more about our Website Features and Marketing Tools for florists. I still have more questions, who can I contact? We are here to answer any questions you may have via email or by phone. You can email our eFlorist team at eflorist@teleflora.com or call 866.983.3932 (option 3) to speak to one of our trained customer specialist. Check Out Our Latest Blog Posts! Grow Your Flower Shop Through Your Google Business Profile November 10, 2025 Managing Your Appeals and Suspensions in Google Business Profile September 15, 2025 How to Get Repeat Customers for Your Flower Shop September 7, 2025 eFlorist POS System Integration September 2, 2025 5 Tips to Boost Your eFlorist Product Descriptions for Better SEO August 22, 2025 How to Grow your Brand Presence as a Florist August 20, 2025 What Are You Still Waiting For? Join Teleflora eFlorist now and you are already on your first step to success! Join Now Home Website Features Common Website Questions Marketing Packages Services POS Teleflora POS System Packages Teleflora Flower Shop Point of Sale FAQ Contact Us Blog TRY IT TODAY! TRY IT TODAY! Home Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Copyright © 2025 eFlorist by Teleflora