Welcome to EFTPS online HOME ENROLLMENT MY PROFILE PAYMENTS HELP & INFORMATION contact us LOGIN ABOUT EFTPS HOW TO USE EFTPS FAQ WHAT'S NEW? PRIVACY STATEMENT ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT New to our site? The Electronic Federal Tax Payment System® tax payment service is provided free by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. After you've 	enrolled and received your credentials, you can pay any tax due to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) using this system. MAKE A PAYMENT ENROLL Notice to Individual Taxpayers: Effective October 17th, 2025,  Individuals will not be able to create new enrollments via EFTPS.gov. If you are an individual taxpayer and are not enrolled in EFTPS.gov by October 17th, you'll need to create an IRS Online Account for Individuals or use the IRS Direct Pay guest path. If you are already enrolled in EFTPS.gov to make your individual tax payments you will still be able to make payments; however, it is encouraged you transition to IRS Online Account for Individuals or IRS Direct Pay. All individuals will be required to transition from EFTPS.gov later in 2026. For more information on paying via IRS Online Accounts or Direct Pay, visit IRS Online Account or IRS Direct Pay for Individuals. Click here to see the applications that accept payments for each form. Notice to Website Users - Multifactor Authentication (MFA): What is Multifactor Authentication (MFA) and why is it required? Fiscal Service is requiring Multifactor Authentication (MFA) for system access. The new authentication process supports Executive Order 14028, requiring all federal agency applications to implement MFA. EFTPS is partnering with third-party credential service providers Login.gov and ID.me for MFA services. Secure sign-in via Login.gov or ID.me is required as of October 19, 2023 . Where can I go for MFA help? Login.gov - Visit login.gov/contact for FAQs, help ticket submission, and live agent assistance ID.me - Visit help.ID.me for FAQs, help ticket submission, and virtual chat support EFTPS - Call 1.800.555.4477 for live customer service agent assistance or visit Multifactor Authentication (MFA) & Login Questions for FAQs, including these common questions: How do I register or authenticate with ID.me, Login.gov, or PIV/CAC? How do I log in to EFTPS after I authenticate? How do I authenticate if I need to access multiple EFTPS enrollments? What if I have trouble signing in to ID.me or Login.gov or don't receive an authentication code? How can I fix a browser issue or error I experienced with ID.me or Login.gov? Please note: Your tax payment is due regardless of this Web site's availability. You can always make a tax payment by calling our voice response system at 1.800.555.3453. Follow the prompts to make your payment. What You Need to Know Important Notice for Individual Taxpayers: If you are an individual taxpayer (i.e., paying taxes for yourself rather than for a business or on behalf of another entity), IRS Direct Pay and IRS Online Account for Individuals are available for making tax payments. Effective DATE = October 17, 2025, new individual taxpayers will be required to use either IRS Direct Pay or IRS Online Account for Individuals to make their tax payments. You must create an account to make a payment through IRS Online Account. An enrollment is not required for IRS Direct Pay. Starting 2026*, all individual taxpayers must use one of these options. If you currently use EFTPS to make your tax payments, we encourage you to transition to IRS Direct Pay or IRS Online Account for Individuals in advance to become familiar with the system. For more information, visit IRS Direct Pay or IRS Online Account for Individuals. *Anticipated September 2026; though specific date may change. The IRS continues to remind taxpayers to watch out for email schemes. Taxpayers will only receive an email from EFTPS if they have opted in for email notifications when they sign up for email through EFTPS. Report all unsolicited email claiming to be from the IRS or an IRS-related function to phishing@irs.gov. You must be enrolled to use the EFTPS® tax payment service. To enroll, click on Enrollment at the top of this page and follow the steps. If this is your first time enrolling in EFTPS®, your information will need to be validated with the IRS. After this process is complete you will receive a personal identification number (PIN) via U.S. Mail in five to seven business days at your IRS address of record. Payments using this Web site or our voice response system must be scheduled by 8 p.m. ET the day before the due date to be received timely by the IRS. The funds will move out of your banking account on the date you select for settlement. This EFTPS® tax payment service Web site supports Microsoft EDGE for Windows, Google Chrome for Windows and Mozilla Firefox for Windows. You may use this Web site and our voice response system (1.800.555.3453) interchangeably to make payments. If you are required to make deposits electronically but do not wish to use the EFTPS® tax payment service yourself, ask your financial institution about ACH Credit or same-day wire payments, or consult a tax professional or payroll provider about making payments for you. Please note: These options may result in fees from the providers. Payments through third parties may have earlier cutoff times; please check with them for their deadlines. Home Enrollment My Profile Payments Help & Information Contact Us Login Upon logging in to this site, you may be redirected to a separate page and prompted to register and/or authenticate with a Credential Service Provider, ID.me or Login.gov. Federal Agency users have the option to utilize PIV/CAC to authenticate. Upon completion of this step, you will be redirected back to EFTPS to input your EIN or SSN, PIN, and Password. USA.gov IRS.gov Treasury.gov Electronic Federal Tax Payment System® and EFTPS® are registered servicemarks of the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service. Feedback