Consent to cookies and data processing
We use cookies and other technologies to tailor your experience, understand how visitors use our site, and identify marketing leads. Some data may be shared with third parties for their own purposes. By clicking Save, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device for those purposes.
Function
Marketing
Measurement
Social media
 Save and exit
Cookies | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | Privacy notice | T&C | Legal notice
Cookie Banner powered by 
Skip to content
Products
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Company
Log in
Support
Book a demo

Egress is now KnowBe4

We are currently updating Egress products to the KnowBe4 brand. This does not affect your use of our products.

Learn more
Stop more advanced phishing attacks
AI-powered behavioral-based detection that uses zero-trust and pre-generative modeling to deliver the highest efficacy
The only cloud email security platform to use an adaptive security model
By combining actionable intelligence with an adaptive security model, we prepare our customers to defend against attacks and breaches before they happen
Detect and prevent abnormal human behavior on email
Contextual machine learning that leverages social graph and pretrained deep neural networks to detect human error and data exfiltration
1
2
3
Request a demo
Watch video

July 2025: We are in the process of updating Egress products to the KnowBe4 brand. This does not affect your use of our products.

Learn more about KnowBe4
The only cloud email security platform to use an adaptive security model

Egress, a KnowBe4 company, is the only cloud email security provider to continuously assess human risk and dynamically adapt policy controls, defending against advanced phishing attacks and outbound data breaches. Leveraging contextual machine learning and neural networks, with seamless integration using cloud-native API architecture, Egress provides enhanced email protection and instant time to value.

KnowBe4's acquisition of Egress will create the largest AI-driven cybersecurity platform for managing human risk.

Our products

Intelligent Email Security
Secure File Sharing and Collaboration
Egress
Defend

Protects against advanced phishing threats.

Egress
Prevent

Protects against accidental and malicious data loss over email.

Egress
Protect

Provides secure, certified end-to-end email encryption.

Egress
Workspace

Securely share files internally and with your supply chain

Egress
Web Form

Digitalise and secure your inbound data flows

View all products

Access insights and read about the real-world experiences of IT security leaders and peers at enterprises like yours.

Read reviews Submit a review

"Brilliant product. Every enterprise business should adopt this solution."

Banking Industry

Jun 07, 2024

"Egress checked all the boxes for our email security needs."

IT Services Industry

Jul 24, 2024

"Best decision we made in a long time."

Media Industry

Jun 11, 2024

"The experience with the Egress Team has been second to none."

Banking Industry

Aug 13, 2024

"The user-friendly interfaces have made for seamless integration."

Education Industry

Jun 11, 2024

"I would recommend Egress and the team to anyone wanting to improve their email security."

Energy and Utilities Industry

May 31, 2024

"Easy to integrate and effective against inbound and outbound threats."

Banking Industry

Jun 05, 2024

Stop data breaches by reducing human activated risk
Business Email Compromise
Ransomware
Misdirected Emails & Files
Data Exfiltration
Account Takeover
Impersonation Attacks
View all solutions

We selected Egress Defend and Egress Prevent as added security layers in our Microsoft 365 environment to ensure we are minimizing our risk profile.

Daniel Volk
CIO, Crawford & Company
Read the full story
What our customers say

Hear from companies and organizations who use Egress to prevent data breaches and reduce their human-activated risk.

Read more customer stories
Simplify and optimize your email security architecture.

Unlock greater value from your core IT and security platform investments.

See Egress Intelligent Email Security in action

Request a personalized demo today to see how Egress Intelligent Email Security will enhance your email security.

Book a demo
Intelligent Email Security
File Sharing and Collaboration

© 2007-2025. All rights reserved. Egress Software Technologies Ltd.

Sitemap
Service status