AI Recruiting Software - Artificial Intelligence Platform for HR | Eightfold AI Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer content Menu Products Eightfold Talent Intelligence Talent Acquisition Talent Management Workforce Exchange Resource Management AI Interviewer See our talent intelligence platform in action Get a firsthand look at how Eightfold surfaces the talent insights you need to hire and grow with confidence. Register for a live demo A single AI platform for all talent Powered by global talent data sets so you can realize the full potential of your workforce. Explore talent suite Solutions For enterprise For public sector App marketplace The ultimate buyer’s guide for an agentic talent platform Discover how agentic AI and talent intelligence help you hire faster, upskill employees, and retain top talent. Download the guide Eightfold AI achieves FedRAMP Moderate Authorization Eightfold AI’s Talent Intelligence Platform is now FedRAMP® Moderate Authorized, meeting the strict security standards required for U.S. federal agencies. Read the announcement Services Learn Talent intelligence library Eightfold AI talent research The New Talent Code podcast Eightfold Talent Table Eightfold AI talent blog AI transformation: The new role of the CHRO Discover what effective CHRO–CIO collaboration looks like, why it leads to higher AI maturity and faster adoption, and how organizations use this alignment to drive measurable business outcomes. Explore the survey findings Eightfold Talent Table in review Leading change, adopting new tech, or just looking for fresh ideas? This exclusive Talent Table eBook delivers real-world lessons you can use today. Download eBook Eightfold and Salesforce bridge human potential and agentic AI We’re collaborating with Salesforce to change the way people and AI work together on Agentforce, an AI skills-powered Salesforce enhanced community. Become agentic by design → Customers Eightfold customers Customer stories The Pathfinder Awards Community Transforming careers and hiring efficiency at Fortive ⭐ In this 2-minute video, Fortive’s leader of technologies and transformation shares how the company modernized its talent strategy. Watch video Events All events Cultivate Webinars Where talent meets transformation Get inspired by bold ideas, smart tech, and real stories from talent leaders. See how AI is reshaping work — and what it means for you. Explore upcoming events Company About Eightfold Leadership Ethics council Careers Partners Press The Global Workforce Intelligence Project Responsible Al at Eightfold At the core of all development is our commitment to innovation, technical eminence, and transparency with the intent to improve the world around us. Our commitment to responsible AI Eightfold and Salesforce: Developing the AI-human workforce of the future We’re collaborating with Salesforce to change the way people and AI work together on Agentforce, an AI skills-powered Salesforce enhanced community. How to become agentic by design Eightfold AI achieves all three levels of ISO/IEC 42001:2023 certification Eightfold AI is the first HR technology vendor to be certified to all three levels of the ISO/IEC 42001:2023, the international management system standard for artificial intelligence. Why certifications matter Request demo Login Search the site Press Enter to search or Escape to close AGENTIC TALENT OPERATING SYSTEM Scale without limits: Go from human-scale to agent-scale. Focus on final decisions, not first-round interviews. Scale your recruiters alongside agents to hire and grow. Our Agentic Talent Operating System, built on deep talent intelligence, screens millions of candidates to unlock human potential and create your Infinite Workforce. See how it works Scale at the speed of agentic AI, backed by deep talent intelligence to build your Infinite Workforce. Play video As a recruiter, you’re juggling hundreds of openings. Get ready to transform hiring from a waiting game into instant opportunity with AI Interviewer. Play video Eightfold AI is transforming the future of work with talent intelligence. From hiring to retention, we help organizations make smarter decisions and unlock the full potential of their workforce. Play video Watch as a senior leader at a leading biotech company shares how the organization is transforming workforce management with AI and skills intelligence. Architect a workforce with infinite potential. Go from human scale to agent scale instantly. Agentic AI empowers your teams to go beyond what can be done today to scale their potential. From interviewing candidates to capturing workflows, future teams are built on AI. Dive into AI Agents for recruiting Product Solutions Talent Acquisition Beyond the résumé. Beyond expectation. The complete hiring solution, integrating Eightfold ATS, talent intelligence agents, and talent tracking system. Hire smarter Talent MANAGEMENT Cultivate potential. Retain brilliance. Empower employees, managers, and talent leaders with personalized career growth paths, real-time skills insights, and unified talent strategies. Manage smarter Resource Management AI-powered. Skills-based. Accelerate project staffing by finding the right talent for the right job. Deep-learning AI helps find best-fit talent. Staff smarter Workforce Exchange Your career path. Illuminated. Seamlessly match job seekers, employers, and career supporters to unlock potential and drive workforce transformation. Align smarter A complete Agentic Talent Operating System, built on deep talent intelligence. 10 years Of aggregated, anonymized talent data learnings 1.6B+ Career trajectories 1.6M+ Skills 50+ Variables driving fair, accurate scoring and matching Humans and agents, united: Scale your way to an Infinite Workforce. Our agentic AI is at the core of our operating system, built on our unparalleled talent intelligence engine. True Agentic AI Make talent decisions faster and easier than ever before Our autonomous agents work and learn alongside your teams, taking on routine tasks so you can focus on what really matters — making connections with top talent and building an agile workforce. Unrivaled Data Make better decisions in real time With 1.6+ billion career profiles and 1.6+ million skills, our data set is unrivaled and always updating, putting real-time information right into your HR team's daily workflows. Responsible AI Trust is built into everything we do At our core is a deep commitment to developing AI systems that are transparent, explainable, and aligned with human values, enabling more inclusive, creative, and high-impact work across every industry. CUSTOMER STORIES Bridging talent and skills at Coca-Cola Europacific Partners Together, Eightfold and Coca-Cola Europacific Partners are providing employees and leaders with more growth opportunities and visibility into workforce skills and talent. Read customer story CUSTOMER STORIES Leveling up internal talent with AI at Amdocs With Eightfold, a global telecommunications software provider gained the workforce intelligence to find, retain, and grow talent. Read customer story CUSTOMER STORIES Matching DoD mission needs with military talent Learn how the Eightfold talent insights help Department of Defense project managers quickly connect with personnel and reserves best suited to address short-term operational challenges. Read customer story Read customer stories See what AI can do. View all resources Research & insights Agentic AI is here, but not all ‘agents’ are equal. Beneath the buzz, the way enterprise AI solutions are built and deployed can determine whether you’re investing in true agentic AI or just buying into hype. Read our Agentic AI in HR guide to know the difference. Read the guide Webinars It’s time to get aligned: Bringing HR and business strategy together. Watch this Talent Table webinar to explore business misalignments, their impact, and how talent intelligence can realign priorities for success. Watch now Blog Stay updated on Eightfold news. Keep up on all the latest news from Eightfold in our blog, like this latest piece from our CEO and Co-founder Ashutosh Garg on his vision for agentic AI, digital twins, and what’s next in the talent space. Read the blog Podcasts HR needs AI-ready talent. AI is changing the way we work, and HR teams are poised to lead the way. Our podcast, The New Talent Code, explores these topics with today's industry leaders to share practical advice and tips for talent leaders. Listen now Fortune 500 leaders trust us. We’re helping the world’s leading brands architect Infinite Workforces — human-agentic AI teams that are ready to scale and reach new possibilities. Putting the power of agentic AI at your fingertips The future works with AI. Join the superintelligence revolution. Learn how agentic AI and your teams can scale together to reach infinite possibilities. Book a demo Get in touch Eightfold AI doesn’t just organize data — we understand people. As pioneers of the world’s most innovative AI-native Talent Intelligence Platform, we combine enterprise data, market insights, and user interactions to create a complete picture of talent across the entire employment life cycle, providing an end-to-end experience that includes hiring, development, and retention. A third of our customers are from Fortune 500 companies and have relied on us to move faster and more strategically than the competition. Our platform is guiding our customers through the greatest work acceleration in history by unlocking the power of people and showing them how partnering with AI can unleash unlimited potential. Learn more Leadership Talent Intelligence Platform Careers Contact us Responsible AI at Eightfold Engineering Blog Privacy & legal Privacy policy Security Cookie notice Your privacy choices Follow us © Eightfold, 2025. All rights reserved worldwide. Back to top