EiTV CLOUD | Professional Digital Media Platform Sign in Ganhe Dinheiro com Vídeos Soluções para sua Empresa Tenha uma Melhor Experiência de Vídeo Vantagens da EiTV CLOUD Planos Dúvidas Frequentes Contato Toggle navigation Solutions Benefits Plans FAQ Contact Register Boost your business with your own personalized environment for contents. Sell or distribute digital content in a complete multi-screen solution with your brand and engage your audience. Android, iPhone, iPad, PC, Mac, Roku, Apple TV, Fire TV, Chromecast, Android TV and Smart TVs Contact Us Covered Markets Expand your business type Providers Click and learn more Providers Investment with real VAS Increase of the Average Ticket Flexibility in Content types (videos, audios, documents and images) 100% customizable platform Make live channels available Award-winning film catalog Embed Youtube videos and channels Advertise third parties Courses Click and learn more Courses Stream live classes Structure your videos in modules Create tests online Make documents available (PDF, DOC and others) Organize your lessons Separate by classes Generate certificates Engage your students Broadcasters Click and learn more Broadcasters Your schedule with internet connection Integrate your broadcaster's signal with OTT content Insert DTV Play commands Real-time interaction Create customizable ads Monitor and collect data Integration with Google Analytics Customizable video carousels Sports Click and learn more Sports Live streaming of matches Podcasts with club players Behind the scenes videos Create exclusive accesses Make exclusive lives Watch the best moments Embed videos from Youtube Share your club news Corporate Click and learn more Corporate Internal communication Employee training Generation of certificates Communities for discussion Promotion of events Create user groups Corporate radio Sectorization of access to content Public Sector Click and learn more Public Sector Choose different ways to access Broadcast community, legislative, executive and judicial TVs Internal and social communication Send announcements Make documents available (PDF, DOC and others) Create communities for interaction Disclose news, actions and campaigns Insert ads in videos Religious Click and learn more Religious Internal communication Creation of Communities Live streaming of services and masses Possibility to make donations Religious videos and films Podcast at events Disclose campaigns and actions Make eBooks available Hotels and Hospitals Click and learn more Hotels and Hospitals Internal communication Notices to patients and visitors Advertise in videos Display of channels On-demand content Access control 100% customizable application Dashboard of plans and promotions Benefits Adaptive streaming to deliver your content in the best quality for each device Read more All about our benefits Flexibility for your online content Embed Media from free platforms Live Streaming Dashboard + Google Analytics Sell your content without fees and commissions Ad Insertion Your fully customized environment API integration Full training and support Make different types of recorded and live content available to your audience. Only a few examples: Movies Channels Events Podcasts Documentaries Lectures Courses Marketing Actions Increase your media collection. Diversify your platform's content even more by incorporating media from free-to-use third-party platforms like Youtube, Vimeo, Daily Motion, and Facebook. Streaming in real time. Live stream a variety of contents, from meetings, services, lectures, events and classes, with adaptive streaming for higher quality during playback. Check out all the platform’s statistics of use. Check your dashboard on storage, watch time, impressions, views, total conversion, monetization, total retention, and more. Everything can be filtered in general or individually by user. At EiTV Cloud, you are the one who profits. Choose flexibly how you will want to sell your type of content, either in a recurring, rental or single sale. All in a simple and safe way. You can monetize with ads both in VoD content and FAST linear channels. EiTV Cloud enables you to create your own ad inventory within the platform or use ad providers that pay by the amount of impressions and/or views. At EiTV Cloud, your app is exclusively yours! We deliver your fully customized app and webpage with your visual identity, name and brand on all devices. Want to go further with your app and website? Program openly and freely on the platform using the API we provide for you to build your environment in a unique way, applying exclusive functionalities. Be an expert in the use of your platform. We deliver the platform ready for your business. In addition, you and your team will be trained to operate freely in your environment, organizing, distributing, and customizing it your way. You will always have a team ready to help you with your main questions. Plans Professional Monthly viewing: 117,000 minutes Total storage: 200 GB Embedded media: 15,000 Live streaming: 5 hours Applications: Web Android iPhone iPad Chromecast AppMembers Corporate Monthly viewing: 300,000 minutes Total storage: 500 GB Embedded media: 35,000 Live streaming: 10 hours Applications: Web Android iPhone iPad Chromecast Apple TV Android TV AppMembers Business Monthly viewing: 630,000 minutes Total storage: 1.2 TB Embedded media: 100,000 Live streaming: 15 hours Applications: Web Android iPhone iPad Smart TVs (LG and Samsung) Chromecast Roku Apple TV Android TV Fire TV AppMembers Customized Plan Consult our experts and put together a plan that suits your needs. Exclusive to you! Frequently Asked Questions Customized applications with your brand Plans include the services of developing and publishing customized apps with your brand at no additional cost. Depending on the contracted plan, we can provide apps for Android, iPhone, iPad, Chromecast, Roku, Apple TV, Fire TV, Android TV and Samsung and LG Smart TVs. In addition to the customized apps, all plans include access to the AppMembers app which is an app portal where your users will also have access to your content across all devices. If they are not included in your subscription plan, you can purchase customized apps with your brand by contracting development and publishing services separately. Contact us for more information. Calculation of consumed viewing minutes One minute of viewing is one minute of truly watched video content. If 10 people watch 30 seconds each, we will have 5 minutes of visualization. Videos of events and 24/7 streams transmitted via live streaming also enter the viewing counting minutes of the subscription plan. Calculation of consumed storage On EiTV CLOUD platform the storage volume consumed only considers the size of the original files that you publish on the platform. That is, the encoded versions of the videos that are generated by the platform for different resolutions and devices do not go into the storage count of the subscription plan. PDF, Word, PowerPoint, Excel files, among other formats, that are published on EiTV CLOUD platform, also go into the storage count of the plan. Additional utilization Each subscription plan offers a set amount of viewing minutes and GB of storage per month. If you exceed your plan limit, extra storage or extra minutes of viewing will be charged at the end of the month based on the additional GB and additional minutes for viewing prices of the contracted plan. By default, extra minutes of viewing are limited by the number of minutes included in your subscription plan. 24X7 Live Streaming and Cloud DVR EiTV CLOUD platform also supports the transmission of linear channels with live streaming 24x7 (24 hours a day, 7 days a week) and automatic recording of linear channel programming in the cloud (CLOUD DVR). Thus, viewers can watch programs that have been broadcast in recent days by just browsing through the program guide (EPG) and choosing the desired program (Catchup TV). This resource is available through contracting. Please contact us for more information. Support from Experts By choosing the EiTV CLOUD platform you will have access to the support of professionals with proven excellence in the area of video technology and digital content. EiTV, the company responsible for the platform, has been operating in the segment for over 17 years, with over 800 customers, including the main television networks in Latin America, Internet providers and large companies. Be served by the team that best understands video technology and digital content in Brazil. See other questions Contact Questions, comments, suggestions? Would you like to request more information? Send message Message sent! Location 6131 Bimini Twist Loop Orlando, FL, 32819, USA Email contact@eitvcloud.com Phone +1 (689) 270-6208 © copyright 2026 eitvcloud.com We use essential cookies and similar technologies in accordance with our Privacy Policy and, by continuing to browse, you agree to these conditions. AGREE Sign in Login Password Stay signed in Forgot your password? Reset password Email Create Account .eitvcloud.com Segment DEFAULT EDUCATION - ONLINE COURSES EDUCATION - VIRTUAL SCHOOL GOVERNMENT HEALTH OTT RELIGION YOUTUBER Language: English Português Español Deutsch Currency: Dollar (US$) Real (R$) Plan: Starter Basic Professional Business 1 - January 2 - February 3 - March 4 - April 5 - May 6 - June 7 - July 8 - August 9 - September 10 - October 11 - November 12 - December 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 2034 2035 2036 2037 2038 2039 2040 2041 I want to import my YouTube channel I have read and accepted the terms of service I have read and accepted the privacy policy CANCEL Chosen plan Starter Monthly viewing: 6,000 minutes of free monthly viewing Total storage: 8 gigabytes of total free storage Embedded media: 500 embedded media from YouTube, Facebook, Vimeo, Daily Motion, Ustream, external M3U files, among other supported sources, with unlimited viewing Applications: Responsive Website compatible with PCs, MACs, smartphones and tablets ACCEPT CANCEL Please wait while your request is processed. general terms and conditions Article 1 - General Information 1.1. - EITV ENTRETENIMENTO E INTERATIVIDADE PARA TV DIGITAL COMÉRCIO E SERVIÇOS DE PRODUTOS DE INFORMÁTICA LTDA., Company based in Campinas, São Paulo, at Rua Rafael Andrade Duarte, nº 600, CONJ 61, Jardim Paraíso, CEP 13.100-011, registered with CNPJ / MF under No. 07.255.679/0001-09, hereinafter referred to as "EiTV", developed a service for hosting and publishing videos without ads, for a fee, to meet the needs of each Client in relation to storage, upload, administration and streaming video content. 1.2. - EiTV is offering a video hosting and publishing platform available at the website http://www.eitvcloud.com (“Site”), which allows its users to personalize the video player, which can be exported onto any other website, and to stream its videos under various formats (the “EiTV Cloud Service”). The present general terms and conditions of use (the “Terms and Conditions”) govern, without prejudice to any applicable legal provisions, over the use by any corporate entity or physical person (hereinafter the “Customer”) of the EiTV Cloud Service, and exclude any other general terms and conditions that apply to other services offered by EiTV. The Customer will register by completing the registration form to be accessed on the Site http://www.eitvcloud.com whose information submitted will be your sole responsibility. Acceptance to be made in the specific field as well as the payment of the first month, ACCEPTANCE correspond to the general terms and conditions of the contract and the confirmation of the veracity of the information provided. Article 2 - Description of EiTV Cloud Service 2.1. - The EiTV Cloud Service is a service owned and operated by EiTV enabling the Customer, after acceptance of the present Terms and Conditions, to host and stream video content owned by the Customer (hereinafter the “Content”), being understood that the term Content means any content, data and information, under any form. 2.2. The principal features of the EiTV Cloud Service are the following: Content encoding; Content hosting; Creation and customization of Customer video web site; Personalization of the EiTV video player; Streaming in multi-formats of the Content via the personalized video player; Absence of advertisements in relation to the Content. 2.3. - The EiTV Cloud Service does not in any way include the production or the direction by EiTV of any Content on the behalf of the Customer. The EiTV Cloud Service is available to the Customer until the termination of its subscription to the EiTV Cloud Service, as is defined in Article 9.2. Article 3 - Conditions of Access and Use of the EiTV Cloud Service 3.1. - Accessibility 3.1.1. - The accessibility and use of the EiTV Cloud Service is available through the Site, by the Internet through any means of electronic communication such as computers and mobile phones. 3.1.2. - The access to the EiTV Cloud Service is reserved to corporate entities and physical persons over the age of 18 and having legal capacity, being agreed that the Customer is responsible for any use of the EiTV Cloud Service. 3.1.3. - If the Customer is a corporate entity, the physical person accessing the Site and/ or using the EiTV Cloud Service on behalf of Customer guarantees to EiTV that it is fully authorized to accept the present Terms and Conditions in the name of the entity to use the EiTV Cloud Service. 3.1.4. - The access to the EiTV Cloud Service granted to the Customer within the scope of the present Terms and Conditions is personal, not assignable and not transferable. To register for the EiTV Cloud Service, any entity or person shall: Create an account on the Site Confirm their registration by validating the registration form. 3.1.5. - Once the request for registration is validated, EiTV sends the Customer a confirmation email to the email address given during registration on the Site. 3.1.6. - Subject to the provisions of these present Terms and Conditions, the registration to the EiTV Cloud Service shall be effective only upon the confirmation email being sent by EiTV. EiTV hereby advises the Customer to keep this email and/or to print it. 3.1.7. - The Customer shall communicate its specific contact information to EiTV, and update EiTV of any changes from time to time. 3.1.8. - The Customer is fully and solely responsible for the passwords necessary for the use of the EiTV Cloud Service. EiTV shall not be liable for any illegal or fraudulent use of the passwords made available to the Customer. The passwords given are considered as confidential. The Customer shall be solely liable for any suspicion of a disclosure or actual disclosure, intentional or not, of the given passwords. 3.2 - Subscriptions and Trial Periods 3.2.1. - The account holders to EiTV Cloud may use the EiTV Cloud Service by subscribing at any time, to a monthly subscription plan, for a period of 30 days from the date of subscription, hereinafter the “Subscription Plan”, and the characteristics of which are defined more precisely on the Site. 3.2.2. - The volume of storage and streaming as well as the cost for the use over this authorized volume are specific to each Subscription Plan, and will be Customer's option object in the application form. 3.2.3. - Volumes not used by the Customer shall not be carried over to the following subscription period. 3.2.4. - The Customer is free to modify at any time its Subscription Plan provided that: The change to the Subscription Plan shall be immediately effective, being agreed that the Customer shall be re-engage for the whole duration of the new Subscription Plan chosen; In the case of a change to a lower Subscription Plan rate, the sums already paid by the Customer for the preceding Subscription Plan will not be reimbursed. 3.2.5. - EiTV may offer trial or test periods of the EiTV Cloud Service for any amount of time, whether temporarily or not. Unless otherwise indicated, these trial or test periods shall be subject to the present Terms and Conditions and shall be limited to one subscription per Customer only (one company and/or one IP address and/or one email address) for any trial or test period. 3.3 - Terms of Use 3.3.1. - The Customer shall not (i) interfere or disrupt the EiTV Cloud Service in any way, or (ii) use the EiTV Cloud Service in any illegal or unlawful manner. 3.3.2. - The Customer represents and warrants that: The Content is not obscene and does not constitute a violation of public order or standards of decency and good morals and, in particular by the encouragement to commit crimes and torts, incitement to racial hatred or suicide, condoning of crimes against humanity, or any child pornography; Any violent or pornographic Content will not be accessible to minors; The Content, its hosting, and its streaming will not constitute a breach of any rights of any third parties, including but not limited to (a) a violation of intellectual property rights of third parties (principally videos, TV shows, short, medium and/ or full length films, animated or not, advertisements, for which the Customer did not personally direct, or for which the Customer does not have the required authorizations from the relevant third parties of from the relevant performing and collective rights societies, or owners of the rights of this Content; (b) a harm to any third parties (including defamation, insults, offenses); 3.3.3. - According to the applicable legislation, EiTV is not required to perform any prior monitoring of the Content hosted on the EiTV Cloud Service, or to search for facts or circumstances revealing illegal activities. Nevertheless, in accordance to the applicable regulations, EiTV may (i) remove any illegal Content transmitted and/or stored through the EiTV Cloud Service after having been notified of it, being agreed and acknowledged that the Customer is fully responsible for the Content, (ii) notify the Customer of any claim arising out of its use of the EiTV Cloud Service, and (iii) provide personal data of the Customer upon request from the relevant authorities. 3.3.4. - EiTV reserves the right to suspend the Customer’s access and/or Customer’s use of the EiTV Cloud Service if EiTV becomes aware of any infringement of the applicable legislation by the Customer or of the present Terms and Conditions. 3.3.5. - The EiTV Cloud Service is provided on an “as is” basis. EiTV reserves the right to freely make any modifications or improvements to the EiTV Cloud Service at its sole discretion. The Site will be available, in principle, 24 hours a day 7 days a week, except during any scheduled or unscheduled interruptions, for maintenance needs or cases of force majeure. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that EiTV is not liable for any interruptions and waives any claim and/or lawsuit against EiTV. 3.3.6. - EiTV also reserves the right, to terminate the EiTV Cloud Service without any obligation to indemnify or refund the Customer. Any definitive termination of the Service will be reported through the Site at least 1 (one) month before it occurs. Article 4 - Fees for Use and Payment Terms 4.1 - Fees for Use 4.1.1. - The fees for the use of the EiTV Cloud Service are indicated on the Site in American Dollars before taxes. 4.1.2. - EiTV may modify the fees for the use of the EiTV Cloud Service, at any moment, subject to a prior notification of at least 30 (thirty) days sent by EiTV by email to the Customer. If the Customer does not accept the fee increase, the Customer may terminate its Subscription Plan to the EiTV Cloud Service from its account on the Site as indicated in Article 9.3. 4.1.3. - The connection and communication costs (including Internet) linked to the use of the EiTV Cloud Service are not borne by EiTV and remain solely the charge of the Customer. 4.2 - Payment 4.2.1. - Monthly Subscription Plans The Customer shall pay directly online, upon the date of subscription, the total amount of the relevant monthly Subscription Plan. 4.3 - General Payment Terms 4.3.1. - Except in the case of cancellation of the Subscription Plan by the Customer as provided in Article 9.3 in, the amount corresponding to the Subscription Plan chosen by the Customer will be automatically withdrawn (from the credit card given for the EiTV Cloud account) as part of a tacit renewal of the Subscription Plan chosen by the Customer at the beginning of next 30 days period. 4.3.2. - If the authorized volumes of storage and streaming of the relevant Subscription Plan chosen by the Customer are exceeded, the additional costs for the use of the EiTV Cloud Service shall be automatically withdrawn (from the credit card given for the EiTV Cloud account), at the end of the month in which the excess use. 4.3.3. - If a default in payment occurs or a withdrawal from the credit card is not possible for the amount corresponding to the Subscription Plan chosen by the Customer and/or any additional costs for the use of the EiTV Cloud Service, EiTV reserves the right to suspend access or use of the Customer of the EiTV Cloud Service. 4.3.4. - In order to optimize the security of transactions and as of the date of the upload to the Site of the present Terms and Conditions, EiTV has chosen to use the Stripe.com payment system and grants the same guarantees as the ones respectively received from the Stripe.com company. 4.3.5. - EiTV does not conserve the credit card information provided by a Customer on the Site. 4.3.6. - Provided that the Customer does not offer proof to the contrary, the records of the Stripe.com Company shall be considered proof of payments made between the Customer and EiTV. Article 5 - Licenses 5.1. License for the Use of the EiTV Cloud Service 5.1.1. - EiTV grants to the Customer a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use the EiTV Cloud Service. Any right not explicitly granted to the Customer is hereby reserved by EiTV. 5.1.2. - EiTV holds all rights related to the Site and in particular to the EiTV Cloud Service. The Terms and Conditions do not grant the Customer any rights to the EiTV Cloud Service, but simply a limited and revocable license according to the provisions of the present article. 5.1.3. - The Customer shall not: (a) grant a sublicense, resell, redistribute, transfer, assign, broadcast, commercially exploit or make available to any third party in any way all or part of the EiTV Cloud Service, or (b) modify or create derivative works based on the EiTV Cloud Service, or modify or decompile the EiTV Cloud Service without explicit authorization from EiTV. 5.2. License for the Content 5.2.1. - By acceptance of the Terms and Conditions, the Customer grants to EiTV a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, free worldwide license in order to carry out, depending on the Content, the actions required by EiTV in providing the EiTV Cloud Service in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. EiTV and the Customer explicitly agree and acknowledge that EiTV has no right of exploitation of the Content supplied by the Customer. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Customer grants to EiTV with the present license the right to compress, digitize, host, store, encrypt, reproduce and/or to stream the Content and any other action necessary in order to provide the EiTV Cloud Service in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Article 6 - Warranties and Guarantees 6.1. - The Customer warrants and guarantees (i) that it owns fully and unconditionally, or that it possesses or has obtained all the rights, approvals, licenses, agreements and authorizations (including but not limited to the authors of the Content, directors, editors, producers, performing and collective rights societies, artists-performers or executors, technicians) required to respect its obligations, exercise its rights, and grant licenses according to the Terms and Conditions and (ii) that it aims to use the EiTV Cloud Service and fulfill its obligations as defined in these Terms and Conditions, in accordance with all applicable local, regional, national and international laws, rules and provisions. Article 7 - Responsibility 7.1. - The Customer is solely responsible for (i) its use of the EiTV Cloud Service and specifically of the Content it stores and makes available to the public through the EiTV Cloud Service (ii) and the protection of its computer hardware against any virus or interruption. 7.2. - EiTV shall not be held responsible in any case for (i) any malfunctions, inherent of the nature of the Internet, in the access and/or the use of the EiTV Cloud Service, (ii) or any default of its obligations caused by force majeure or an unintentional cause. 7.3. - Unless otherwise stated in the present Terms and Conditions, EiTV does not grant any guarantee of any kind to the Customer, whether expressly or implicitly, in any area, including and in particular any guarantee of fitness for a particular purpose. EiTV shall not make any backup copies of the hosted Content. The Customer shall take all the necessary measures to create a backup copy of its Content in case of loss and/or damage of the hosted Content on the EiTV Cloud Service, for any cause, but also in case of deletion of the account of the Customer under the conditions defined in Article 9.3. 7.4. - The Customer shall be liable for any third party complaints, claims or oppositions, and more generally any third party action or claim against EiTV arising out of the Customer’s use of the EiTV Cloud Service. Article 8 - Personal Data 8.1. - In accordance with applicable legislation related to the protection of privacy, the Customer’s personal data are exclusively intended for EiTV and are not subject to any communication to third parties, unless given prior authorization by the Customer. 8.2. - If given prior authorization by the Customer, EiTV may use the Customer data to mail newsletters from which the Customer shall be able to unsubscribe at any time. 8.3. - The Customer may, access and/or rectify its information, at any time, directly online in the section “Edit account” of the Site. 8.4. - The Customer is informed that its personal data may be disclosed in accordance with any law, regulation, or decision of a relevant regulatory or judicial authority or in case of judicial proceedings, if considered necessary by EiTV. Article 9 - No Withdrawal - Term - Termination 9.1. No Right of Withdrawal for Physical Persons 9.1.1. - The Customer, as a physical person, acknowledges and expressly agrees (i) that the EiTV Cloud Service begins from the date of validation of registration to the Site and (ii) to not benefit from the right of withdrawal related to the online sales. No request for withdrawal, cancelation or refund shall be allowed. 9.2 Term 9.2.1. - EiTV grants the use of the EiTV Cloud Service to the Customer: For a period of 30 days from the date of subscription; 9.2.2. - Any subscription is renewed by tacit renewal unless terminated by the Customer or by EiTV pursuant to Article 9.3. 9.3 Termination 9.3.1. - In the case the Customer wishes to terminate its subscription to the EiTV Cloud Service, the Customer shall notify EiTV through its Customer account, as defined in Article 3, by directly clicking on the section “Subscription Cancel” on the Site. 9.3.2. - EiTV reserves the right to terminate the Subscription Plan of the Customer to the EiTV Cloud Service in the case of a breach by the Customer of the present Terms and Conditions and in particular, due to a default in payment. 9.3.3. - All amounts paid by the Customer shall remain, in all cases, the property of EiTV. 9.3.4. - In the case of a termination of the EiTV Cloud Service or of a breach of the Terms and Conditions by the Customer, EiTV reserves the right to immediately and without advance notice or refund of any payments, suspend, the access of a Customer to the EiTV Cloud Service, temporarily or permanently, by deactivation of the EiTV Cloud account and without waiver of any other rights belonging to EiTV. Article 10 - Amendments to the Present Terms and Conditions 10.1. - EiTV may modify all or part of the Terms and Conditions, at any time and at its sole discretion, subject to a prior notice of at least 30 (thirty) days to the Customer before uploading them onto the Site, being agreed that in the case the Customer does not agree to these amendments, the Customer is free to terminate its access to the EiTV Cloud Service as indicated in the Article 9.3. In the absence of termination, the new Terms and Conditions will be applicable as soon as they are available on the Site. Article 11 - Customer Service 11.1. - For any information, EiTV may be contacted directly online on the Site in the section “Contact us” or by mail at the following address: Rua Rafael Andrade Duarte, 600, 4o Andar, Jardim Paraíso, CEP 13.100-011, Campinas, São Paulo, Brasil. Article 12 - General Terms 12.1. - If one or more of the terms of the present Terms and Conditions is considered to be invalid as such or for any reason, all other conditions will remain in force without any modification. 12.2. - These Terms and Conditions are subject to the State of São Paulo law, Brazil. In case of a dispute, the parties will seek an amicable solution before any judicial action. In the absence of such, any complaint of the validity, interpretation and/or execution of the present Terms and Conditions shall be made to the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil jurisdictions, even in case of multiple defendants or in case of indemnifying third parties. 12.3. - All of the present provisions which, by their nature, extend beyond the termination of the present Terms and Conditions shall remain effective until fulfilled and apply to the respective heirs and assigns. 12.4. - The acceptance by the Customer of the present Terms and Conditions constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the related matters and prevails over any other prior agreement concluded between the parties relating to the same matters. Unless otherwise stated in the present Terms and Conditions these Terms and Conditions shall not be modified without the written consent signed by the authorized representatives of both the Customer and EiTV. Article 13 - THE EXPRESS CONSENT OF THE CONTRACTING PARTY FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA, IN THE TEMPLATE STRICT OF THE PROVISIONS OF ARTICLE 7, ITEM I, COMBINED WITH ARTICLE 8, § 1, OF FEDERAL LAW No. 13.709, OF AUGUST 14, 2.018: 13.1. The CONTRACTING PARTY declares, for all legal and factual purposes, its express consent to the processing of personal data by the CONTRACTED PARTY, in the same manner as expressly provided for in articles 7, item I; and 8, §§ 1 and 3, of Federal Law No. 13,709, of August 14, 2,018, without any defect of consent. 13.2. In the strict manner provided for in articles 8, § 4; and 9, of Federal Law No. 13,709, of August 14, 2,018, the consent granted by the CONTRACTING PARTY to the CONTRACTED PARTY refers to the determined purposes: user access control, whether they are connected or not; and history record, with details contained in the respective PRIVACY POLICY, electronic address: https://www.eitvcloud.com/privacy; which is why, from now on, the CONTRACTING PARTY declares its full AGENT, for all purposes of fact and of law. Article 14 - USE OF YouTube API SERVICES EiTV CLOUD platform uses YouTube API Services for the importation of embedded media from YouTube website. By using EiTV CLOUD platform you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service. The YouTube Terms of Service can be found here . Article 15 - THE EXPRESS STATEMENT BY THE CONTRACTED PARTY ABOUT THE FITNESS IN ARTICLES 33 TO 36, OF FEDERAL LAW No. 13,709, OF AUGUST 14, 2,018, WITH REGARD TO THE INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA: 14.1. The CONTRACTED PARTY expressly declares, for all purposes of fact and of law, in the item on screen, full adequacy to the provisions of articles 33 to 36, of Federal Law No. 13,709, of August 14, 2,018, regarding international transfer personal data; for full proof through all physical and electronic means in law admitted. Updated on October 22, 2020. ACCEPT DO NOT ACCEPT privacy policy UPDATED ON OCTOBER 31, 2022 This privacy policy describes how EITV CLOUD collects, uses and shares information about you. This policy applies to the information we collect when you register an account with EITV CLOUD, access or use our website, download our software through our website or applications made available on mobile devices or use any services provided by us ("Services"), Or when, in any other way, you interact with us. This policy also applies to information collected about you when you receive or make payments through our tools, even if you do not have an account with us. This policy does not in any way apply to information collected by third parties registered with EITV CLOUD. We reserve the right to make periodic changes to this Privacy Policy. When we make such changes, we will post the latest version on our site with the date of the last update. We encourage you to visit our website from time to time to keep informed about our Privacy Policy. 1. PRIVACY PROTECTION EITV CLOUD works with respect for the need to protect your personal information. EITV CLOUD will not provide, post, disclose, market or transmit in any form whatsoever the information collected about you in disagreement with this Privacy Policy. 2. INFORMATION THAT YOU PASS US We collect information that you send us, such as those that are sent by you when you register an account with EITV CLOUD, namely basic user data such as name, email, address, phone numbers, photo, anniversary, financial information, bank account data, credit or debit card numbers, contact information, user IP address and location information. 3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICES We automatically collect certain information when you use our Services, including: Transaction Information. When you use our Services to make or receive payments, we collect information about when and where the transaction occurred, the description of the product or service object of the transaction, price, IP addresses and unique IDs of the equipment used. Location and Access Information. When you open the application, we receive periodic analytical information about location, date and time, screens accessed, geolocation, IP addresses and any other information that may be used to improve the Services. Devices. We store information related to the device used to access the Services, as well as the version of the operating system used, serial number, network and iterations flow until payment. Detection of other Software. Our systems may also detect other software running on the device, although we do not collect information about them, such as malware prevention and anti-fraud devices. Cookies and Web Beacons. We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your browser. Cookies are files stored on your computer that serve to, among other features, save your preferences and identity. We also collect information using web beacons, which are information packets that can be used in our Services. We can use web beacons to track visits, understand and evaluate the performance of marketing campaigns, and determine whether you have opened an email. 4. INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES We may also collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to identity verification services, credit protection services, and public information sources. 5. INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM MARKETING TOOLS We may authorize third parties to collect information for promoting and disclosing our Services and to provide us with analytical information. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, APIs and other technologies to collect information such as location, IP address, device numbers, date and time of access, pages or screens visited, time spent on access, buttons and links Clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by EITV CLOUD and companies of the same economic group or strategic partners to analyze and determine the success of a campaign, the usability of a page and the user's understanding. EITV CLOUD will not be responsible for cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies so we recommend you to check the privacy policy of these third parties. 6. THE EXPRESS CONSENT OF THE CONTRACTING PARTY FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA, IN THE TEMPLATE STRICT OF THE PROVISIONS OF ARTICLE 7, ITEM I, COMBINED WITH ARTICLE 8, § 1, OF FEDERAL LAW No. 13,709, OF AUGUST 14, 2.018: The CONTRACTING PARTY declares, for all legal and factual purposes, its express consent to the processing of personal data by the CONTRACTED PARTY, in the same manner as expressly provided for in articles 7, item I; and 8, §§ 1 and 3, of Federal Law No. 13,709, of August 14, 2,018, without any defect of consent. In the strict manner provided for in articles 8, § 4; and 9, of Federal Law No. 13,709, of August 14, 2,018, the consent granted by the CONTRACTING PARTY to the CONTRACTED PARTY refers to the determined purposes: user access control, whether they are connected or not; and history record. 7. DATA DELETION On the ATTENTION PROFESSOR PLATFORM, the user can request the deletion of his account and all of his registered information. The action of deleting the user's account on the platform consists of eliminating all access data, signatures, consumption histories and other information registered by the user on the platform. All these data after confirmation of deletion by the user cannot be recovered. To delete the account, the user must access the WEB environment, look in the upper right corner for the option to edit the profile and at the end of the editing page click on "Delete". A confirmation screen will be displayed as a security and opportunity to regret the decision. If the deletion operation is confirmed, it is irreversible. In this act, all data referring to your account registered on the platform, whether your account is linked to Facebook, Google, Apple or any other form of connection on the platform, will be automatically and irreversibly deleted. As platform access can occur through integration with other external platforms such as Facebook, Google and Apple, we cannot delete your integration data separately. Therefore, we only allow the deletion in an integrated way, that is, by the complete deletion of your account and your information registered on the platform. 8. USE OF YouTube API SERVICES EiTV CLOUD platform uses YouTube API Services for the importation of embedded media from YouTube website. The Google Privacy Policy can be found here . EiTV CLOUD platform only allows the embedding of public YouTube media. We do not store data from YouTube users. No YouTube user token is stored. 9. THE EXPRESS STATEMENT BY THE CONTRACTED PARTY ABOUT THE SUITABILITY IN ARTICLES 33 TO 36, OF FEDERAL LAW No. 13,709, OF AUGUST 14, 2,018, WITH REGARD TO THE INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA: The CONTRACTED PARTY expressly declares, for all purposes of fact and of law, in the item on screen, full adequacy to the provisions of articles 33 to 36, of Federal Law No. 13,709, of August 14, 2,018, regarding international transfer personal data; for full proof through all physical and electronic means in law admitted. If you have any questions about the provisions of these terms or any related documents, please do not hesitate to contact us. Phone: +55 (19) 3579-0744 E-mail: contact@eitvcloud.com EiTV - Entretenimento e Interatividade para TV Digital Rua Rafael Andrade Duarte, 600, 6º Andar, CEP 13100-011, Campinas SP - Brasil ACCEPT DO NOT ACCEPT