Skip to content
Who we help
Solutions
Insights
Contact
EIU Store
Search
Client log in
Intelligence that moves you forward
Global insights and market intelligence

Navigate the ever-changing global landscape with the EIU’s renowned forecasts, analysis and data. Whether you are developing business strategies, making investment decisions or managing risk, our solutions provide in-depth political and economic intelligence to drive your business forward.

Enquire now
Empowering the world’s leading organisations

Be prepared

Understand economic, policy, and geopolitical developments

Plan effectively

Get reliable predictions of future macro-events

Assess risk

Identify potential challenges to your business objectives

Explore new markets

Develop market-entry strategies that expand your business

Providing clients with critical guidance
Expert analysis at the intersection of economics and politics

Our integrated approach to macroeconomic analysis ensures that you can assess how developments will affect your strategic plans, business operations or investment decisions. Our expertise provides country-specific short-, medium- and long-term forecasts covering economic growth, trade, politics, commodities and exchange rates. We also provide proprietary ratings on the business environment and regulatory analysis in key markets.

Intelligence you can trust

Our success is founded on high-quality, unbiased and independent research. The analysis, data and forecasts of our country experts are rigorously tested and peer-reviewed. This is why the world’s leading organisations rely on us to help them seize opportunities and mitigate risks.

Strategic insight, tailored to your sector
Financial services

Access our market-leading macroeconomic and geopolitical analysis to manage risk and make informed investment decisions.

Learn more
Government institutions

Explore international business opportunities, support domestic growth and direct foreign policy by understanding the economic, political and policy conditions in nearly 200 countries.

Learn more
Corporates

Identify new markets and mitigate risks to existing activity through our operational risk ratings, business environment rankings and industry forecasts.

Learn more
Academic institutions

Provide students with the knowledge to understand the events and trends that are reshaping our world, with access to our world-class country data, forecasts and analysis.

Learn more
Explore our solutions
Country Analysis
Prepare for what’s ahead

Understand the political, policy and economic outlook for a country with the world’s best forward-looking analysis and data. Our Country Analysis service looks at global dynamics that impact your organisation, helping you to operate effectively and plan for the future.

Find out more
Operational Risk
Identify, compare and mitigate risk across 180 markets

Plan effectively with EIU’s expert analysis and data on the risk factors affecting your strategy. From detailed country risk assessments across crucial operational categories to customisable risk matrices and real-time event analysis, our Operational Risk service provides you with the tools needed to confidently anticipate and mitigate risk.

Find out more
Financial Risk
Monitoring fiscal, currency and banking sector risks

Gain unparalleled insights into the global financial landscape with our Financial Risk service. Combining EIU’s market-leading data and country expertise, our rigorous risk-modelling framework enables you to accurately identify risks to fiscal sustainability, currency and the banking sector posed by political and economic developments across 131 markets.

Find out more
Speaker Bureau
Book the experts behind the award-winning forecasts

Empower your company with insights from EIU’s country and industry specialists. Our analysts can be booked for virtual and in-person events, internal training or decision-making meetings.

Find out more
Why EIU?
Extensive global coverage

EIU has one of the largest and most experienced analyst teams in the world, with over 190 full-time country experts, industry analysts and economists.

Challenging consensus

Our proven methodology, the best analytical minds and decades of experience enable us to forecast with precision.

Independence

Our forecasts and analysis are based on non-biased insights and rigorously researched.

Explore the latest developments

Timely analysis and in-depth insights.

The EIU Update
EIU's datasets now available in the Databricks Marketplace

Economist Intelligence (EIU) has broadened visibility of its trusted structured datasets by making them discoverable in the Databricks Marketplace.

Forecasting | Global | Country Analysis | Financial Risk | Liveability Ranking and Overview | Operational Risk
The EIU Update
Consumer goods outlook: clothing demand under pressure in 2026
Consumer | Forecasting | Global | Country Analysis | Consumer goods | Retail
The EIU Update
How AI is transforming forecasting in times of macroeconomic uncertainty
Forecasting | Global | Country Analysis
The EIU Update
UAE's AI ambitions advance
Economy | Forecasting | Technology | United Arab Emirates | Country Analysis
Stay informed on global themes

Keep up to date with the latest global trends that affect business decisions. Curated by EIU’s experts, our selection of global themes brings together a comprehensive range of analyses on developments shaping the global outlook, including climate change, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the rise of digital payments.

Explore now
Featured reports

Actionable business intelligence on a wide range of topics.

Consumer goods outlook 2026

In 2026, global consumer goods and retail firms will have to navigate diverging demand, tighter regulation and shifting trade rules.

 Find out more
Africa outlook 2026

Africa is set to be the world’s fastest-growing region in 2026—but the path ahead is uneven. While East and West Africa emerge as growth hotspots, debt distress, geopolitical tensions, and contested elections present ongoing risks.

 Find out more
Asia outlook 2026

Geopolitical realignments, recalibrated trade flows and a shifting policy landscape are converging to redefine Asia’s strategic trajectory in 2026.

 Find out more
Intelligent insights, delivered directly to your inbox

Stay informed with timely newsletters from EIU’s experts. Gain access to our comprehensive analysis and exclusive insights on the political and economic events shaping the world.

Sign up now

Help centre

Contact us

The Economist Group

The Economist Group
The Economist
Economist Impact
Economist Events
Follow EIU
Cookie policy
Terms of access
Privacy statement
Regulatory affairs
Licensing & Permissions
Manage Cookies
 © 2025 The Economist Intelligence Unit Limited. All rights reserved.