Skip to main content

New

Forrester Wave Leader, Q2 2025

Access report
About us
Partners
Support
|
EN
Login
Elasticsearch
Solutions
Enterprise
Resources
Pricing
Docs
Search
Start free trial
Contact sales
Supercharge your skills at ElasticON – join us at an event near you. Register now!
The open source platform that powers search, observability, security, and more ...

Build with Elasticsearch

Start free trial
Explore Elastic
ELSER now available on EIS
The easiest path to an end-to-end, GPU-powered semantic search is now available on Elastic.
Sear-ious performance without memory limits
DiskBBQ serves billions of vectors with sizzling speed and predictable cost—no RAM limits, just perfectly grilled performance.
Build context-aware agents on Elasticsearch
Introducing Agent Builder — quickly build agents on all your data with custom tools powered by our best-in-class relevance.
AutoOps for self-managed is here
Real-time insights and prescriptive recommendations, now included at no extra cost with your Enterprise subscription.
IDC names Elastic a Leader in XDR MarketScape
IDC highlights Elastic's strength in search, AI, and unified XDR capabilities.
Elastic{ON} is back! Let's forge the future together
Get hands-on with new features and learn how to build for what's next.
TRUSTED BY 50% OF THE FORTUNE 500 TO DRIVE INNOVATION
See all customer stories
The Search AI Platform

Get relevant results at unprecedented speed with open and flexible enterprise solutions. Accelerate business outcomes with the combination of powerful search and generative AI.

Search AI Platform overview
Search

Build powerful AI and machine learning enabled search applications for your customers and employees.

Search overview
Security

Modernize SecOps with AI-driven security analytics to detect, investigate, and respond before threats have a chance.

Security overview
Observability

Accelerate problem resolution with open, flexible, and unified observability powered by advanced ML and analytics.

Observability overview
Agentic AI

Explore Elastic Agent Builder to easily build reliable context-driven AI agents in Elasticsearch with your data.

Agent Builder overview
Want results like these?
Try Elastic.
10X

faster at half the price of other observability solutions

62
%

reduction in overall risk to stop ransomware and advanced threats

Launch and scale faster with Elastic
Start free trial
View pricing
Elasticsearch — the most widely deployed vector database
Copy to try locally in two minutes
Copy to clipboard
curl -fsSL https://elastic.co/start-local | sh
Read docs
OR
Deploy for production
Start free cloud trial

Or, download on-prem

Discover everything you can do with Elastic

Stay up to date on all the latest from Elastic

Read news

Expand your expertise

Explore events

Keep up with our growing community

View blog
Ready to put your data to work?
Start free trial
Get in touch
FOLLOW US
ABOUT US
About Elastic
Leadership
Blog
Newsroom
JOIN US
Careers
Career portal
How we hire
PARTNERS
Find a partner
Partner login
Request access
Become a partner
TRUST & SECURITY
Legal
Trust center
Privacy
Trade Compliance
Ethics & Compliance
INVESTOR RELATIONS
Investor resources
Governance
Financials
Stock
EXCELLENCE AWARDS
Previous winners
Elastic{ON} Tour
Become a sponsor
All events
TrademarksTerms of UsePrivacySitemap

© 2025. Elasticsearch B.V. All Rights Reserved

This website and all associated content, software, discussion forums, products, and services are intended for professional use only. No consumer use of this website or its content is intended or directed.

Elastic, Elasticsearch, and other related marks are trademarks, logos, or registered trademarks of Elasticsearch B.V. in the United States and other countries.

Apache, Apache Lucene, Apache Hadoop, Hadoop, HDFS and the yellow elephant logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective owners.