Elastic — The Search AI Company | Elastic Skip to main content Supercharge your skills at ElasticON – join us at an event near you. Register now! The open source platform that powers search, observability, security, and more ... Build with Elasticsearch Start free trial Explore Elastic Elastic is a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Observability Platforms for the second year in a row! Access the report Effortless Elasticsearch management — AutoOps is here, and it's free for Elastic Cloud customers. Read the blog Automatically migrate your legacy SIEM with AI. Cut onboarding from days to minutes. Read the blog Trusted by 50% of the Fortune 500 to drive innovation See all customer stories The Search AI Platform Get relevant results at unprecedented speed with open and flexible enterprise solutions. Accelerate business outcomes with the combination of powerful search and generative AI. Search AI Platform overview Search Build powerful AI and machine learning enabled search applications for your customers and employees. Search overview Security Modernize SecOps with AI-driven security analytics to detect, investigate, and respond before threats have a chance. Security overview Observability Accelerate problem resolution with open, flexible, and unified observability powered by advanced ML and analytics. Observability overview Agentic AI Explore Elastic Agent Builder to easily build reliable context-driven AI agents in Elasticsearch with your data. Agent Builder overview Want results like these? Try Elastic. 10 X faster at half the price of other observability solutions 62 % reduction in overall risk to stop ransomware and advanced threats Launch and scale faster with Elastic Start free trial View pricing Elasticsearch — the most widely deployed vector database Copy to try locally in two minutes Copy to clipboard curl -fsSL https://elastic.co/start-local | sh Read docs OR Deploy for production Start free cloud trial Or , download on-prem Discover everything you can do with Elastic Stay up to date on all the latest from Elastic Read news Expand your expertise Explore events Keep up with our growing community View blog Ready to put your data to work? Start free trial Get in touch Follow us About us About Elastic Leadership Blog Newsroom Join us Careers Career portal How we hire Partners Find a partner Partner login Request access Become a partner Trust & Security Legal Trust center Privacy Trade Compliance Ethics & Compliance Investor relations Investor resources Governance Financials Stock Excellence Awards Previous winners Elastic{ON} Tour Become a sponsor All events About us About Elastic Leadership Blog Newsroom Join us Careers Career portal How we hire Partners Find a partner Partner login Request access Become a partner Trust & Security Legal Trust center Privacy Trade Compliance Ethics & Compliance Investor relations Investor resources Governance Financials Stock Excellence Awards Previous winners Elastic{ON} Tour Become a sponsor All events Trademarks Terms of Use Privacy Sitemap © . Elasticsearch B.V. All Rights Reserved This website and all associated content, software, discussion forums, products, and services are intended for professional use only. No consumer use of this website or its content is intended or directed. Elastic, Elasticsearch, and other related marks are trademarks, logos, or registered trademarks of Elasticsearch B.V. in the United States and other countries. Apache, Apache Lucene, Apache Hadoop, Hadoop, HDFS and the yellow elephant logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective owners.