Skip to main content
About Elavon
Support center
United States
Login
Get Started
Your Business
Your Industry
Solutions
Partners
Resources
Grow your business with reliable merchant services

Plan for the future now with payments solutions that scale with you. From seamless checkout to tailored merchant services, our solutions are bolstered by dedicated client support that you can reach anytime, so you can focus on what you’re truly passionate about – your business.

Learn more
What can we help you with today?
Payments
on-the-go
Online payments
Payments
in-person
Payment gateways
Partner solutions
Transform your business online with our eCommerce solution

Drive business performance and growth without needing to become a payments expert. Launch your online store, accept payments and more with Elavon Business Solutions.

See our plans 
Fund your business with Quick Capital



Quick Capital is a flexible funding solution that gives you access to capital in as little as 1-2 business days*, so you can manage your cashflow seamlessly, or invest in what’s next. There are no hidden fees, fixed schedules, or interest - just one simple fee and payments that adjust to your daily card sales.

Learn more 
Empowering your business with the right payment processing partner

Get paid fast - Improve your cash flow with options from standard to funding available within hours – including weekends and holidays!

Protect your data - Our advanced security solutions help protect your customers’ payment data and reduce fraud.

Run your business better - Customized online reporting and support tools provide you with the right data to help you make smart decisions.

Receive 24/7/365 support - Our friendly customer support team is ready and waiting to help you with you need it.

*As of May 2025, 91% of merchants were funded within 2 business days.

Recognized leader in payment processing

Elavon is proud to be a recognized leader in the payments industry by Forbes Best of 2024 as one of the 10 best credit card processing companies.

We are your trusted partner for all of your payments needs. Don't just take it from us – see what others are saying on Trustpilot.

Home
Resources
WorksWith Elavon
About Elavon
News
Privacy policy
Your business
Community Impact
Accessibility
Your Industry
Developers
Sitemap
Solutions
Careers
Your privacy choices 
Partners
Customer Service
Available 24/7
1-800-725-1243

CenPOS customer support
1-877-630-7960

Sales - M-F/9am-7pm/EST
1-866-671-1583
Request a Callback
© 2025 Elavon Inc.
 
end of main