Elbphilharmonie Laeiszhalle Hamburg - Elbphilharmonie What’s On Visit Mediatheque The Halls Children & Families Shop Support Search Search Your search yielded no results. Please try again with a different search term. Login En Deutsch de English en Your saved events list is empty You can save events to your saved events list with the Save for later function. View programme Saved Events You have to log in to view your saved events. If you do not have an Elbphilharmonie customer account, registering is quick and easy. Log in or register Saved Events Clear saved events Deactivate all ticket alerts Upcoming Events Past Events You have no past events saved. You have no upcoming events saved. Go to what’s on Elbphilharmonie & Laeiszhalle Hamburg Buy tickets Concert Tickets Plaza Tickets Guided Tours Get our newsletter Recommendations Highlights Advance booking Laeiszhalle Children & Families 21 January : Golda Schultz Golda Schultz dedicates herself to Mozart's multi-faceted heroines – with her warm soprano voice, she brings characters from Don Giovanni, Figaro and Così fan tutte to life. In addition, the Kammerakademie Potsdam performs the famous Jupiter Symphony. Buy your tickets 23 January : Ingo Metzmacher Messiaen's »From the Canyons to the Stars« transports listeners to the red canyons of Utah. Ingo Metzmacher brings this tonal masterpiece to the Great Hall together with the Klangforum Wien Orchestra. Book tickets now 3 February : Carolin & Jörg Widmann Carolin and Jörg Widmann have been stars of the classical music world for years – she as a violinist, he as a clarinettist and composer. In February and April, the siblings will appear together on stage in the Grand Hall. Book tickets now 16 January : Lucas Debargue Lucas Debargue presents a piano recital with a personal programme that goes beyond the standard repertoire. With a clear vision and a sense of structure, he establishes connections between well-known and rarely heard works. Book tickets 28 January : Alexander Malofeev Awarded at the Tchaikovsky Competition and celebrated as a »revolution at the piano«, Alexander Malofeev spans the spectrum from Sibelius, Grieg and Rautavaara to Prokofiev, Scriabin, Stravinsky and Lourié – a highly virtuosic, colourful piano recital. Book tickets 31 January : Jean Rondeau Louis Couperin, court composer to the Sun King, celebrates his 400th birthday in 2026, and Jean Rondeau devotes a unique marathon full of virtuosity to the pioneer of the singing harpsichord. Book tickets now 26 March : Iceland Symphony Orchestra The music of Icelandic composer Anna Thorvaldsdóttir is atmospheric and seething like a volcano. The Iceland Symphony Orchestra's debut with Kian Soltani also features Lutosławski's Cello Concerto and Stravinsky's »Firebird«. Book tickets now New Year's Eve / New Year : Beethoven's Ninth The Hamburg Symphony Orchestra and Sylvester Cambreling traditionally celebrate the turn of the year with Beethoven's Ninth Symphony in the Laeiszhalle. Its appeal to humanity in the final chorus are ideal accompaniments to the new year. Book tickets 15 January / Laeiszhalle : Symphoniker Hamburg Vive la France! Symphoniker Hamburg under Sylvain Cambreling with Pierre-Laurent Aimard: Berlioz’s »Chasse royale et orage«, Debussy’s rare fantasia and Chausson’s monumental B-flat Symphony – magnificent, passionate, full of Belle Époque elegance. Book tickets now 16 January / Laeiszhalle : Bennewitz Quartet Under the motto »Creative Power«, the Bennewitz Quartet from Prague presents a programme that showcases the creative power of three composers. The ensemble has won numerous awards and captivates audiences with its sensitivity and infectious enthusiasm. Book tickets now 16 February / Laeiszhalle : Sir András Schiff Spontaneous music-making: András Schiff only reveals the programme on the night, creating a direct bond with his audience. Expect Bach, Mozart and Beethoven – performed with virtuosity, insight and unmistakable Schiff spirit. Book tickets now 16 February : Twinkle Concerts Rune Thorsteinsson From mouth-blown melodica to body percussion: Rune Thorsteinsson brings everything to the stage with his crazy jazz trio. Together with a symphony orchestra, they perform a groovy crossover that even allows the audience to join in. Ages 8+. Buy tickets Play Video Music for everyone : Education Brochure Music brings people together. An overview of the program for families, children, and schools at the Elbphilharmonie can be found in the brochure “Music for Everyone.” The video also provides an insight into the wide range of interactive activities and con Read brochure Play Video Save the Concert! : Digital escape game Just a few hours to go until the concert of the year, but then suddenly it all goes wrong. Become a member of the Elbphilharmonie team and save the concert – complete with tricky puzzles and exciting backstage tours. Play for free now Listen now (in German) : Podcast: Elbphilharmonie Kopfhörer #35 What does diversity sound like? Anne and her guests discuss music as a bridge between different cultures. The podcast for young people – featuring musicians from the Bridges Chamber Orchestra and a challenging quiz. To the podcast Elbphilharmonie U30 Attractive discounts for young people Learn more Hamburg International Music Festival Programme highlights to close the season Book tickets now Concert Tips The best at the Elbphilharmonie & Laeiszhalle Discover now Get our newsletter Stay up to date with our newsletter Go to newsletter registration From the Mediatheque : Videos, Podcasts, Articles Play Video Video on demand from  31 Dec 2025 : New Year’s Concert 2025: Johann Strauss A swinging start to the new year: The NDR Elbphilharmonie Orchestra celebrates the turn of the year with the »Waltz King« Johann Strauss. #Singing #LiveStream Find out more Interview with Manfred Honeck »We need to move away from technical perfection«: The conductor on his understanding of staying true to the work and the contrasting worlds of Karajan and Harnoncourt. #Interview Read article Rising Stars 2025/26 Die besten Nachwuchsmusiker:innen Europas – ausgewählt von den großen Konzerthäusern des Kontinents. Hier stellen sie sich vor. #Portrait #RisingStars Mehr erfahren Go to the Mediatheque Elbphilharmonie @social media It is not possible to play or display this content because you have not consented to this use. To view the content from Instagram , please agree to this use. Edit privacy settings Saved Events Login required. If you do not have an Elbphilharmonie customer account, registering is quick and easy. Log in or register Your selection Add to saved events Activate ticket alert You will receive an email alert one day before tickets go on sale. Confirm Edit events saved Deactivate ticket alert Remove event from my saved events Confirm To the top Contact FAQ Publications Concert Archive Press Venue Hire Team Careers Legal Payment Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility Cookie Settings What’s On Subscriptions Participate 2025/26 Season Visit Ticketing Information Elbphilharmonie U30 Things to know for your concert visit Plan Your Visit Elbphilharmonie Concert Tips Food & Drink Plaza Guided Tours Gift Vouchers Hotel Mediatheque Streams Videos Articles Podcasts The Halls Children & Families Twinkle Concerts Music for everyone Workshops Youth Concerts Elbphilharmonie in the City Schools & Kindergartens Children & Families – Digital Offers Shop Support Sponsoring Elbphilharmonie Circle Freundeskreis Stiftung Elbphilharmonie Förderkreis Internationales Musikfest Hamburg Trusts & Foundations Sitemap To the top