The Electronic Intifada Jump to navigation Donate now Get Updates The Electronic Intifada Wednesday, December 31, 2025 You are here Israel blends ethnic cleansing and human trafficking Features Israel wreaked havoc on Gaza landmarks Huda Skaik Churches, mosques and markets have all been targeted during the genocide. Israel blocks entry of eye drops for blind people in Gaza Said Alsaloul Despite the October ceasefire, thousands could develop conditions affecting their vision. Gutted Gaza buildings a last resort for families seeking shelter Huda Skaik Structures on the verge of collapse in Gaza City’s al-Rimal endanger those living inside and near them. Palestinian resilience is mind-boggling, says Kneecap rapper Roddy Keenan Móglaí Bap believes that small acts of solidarity can have a huge impact. Carpenter subjected to Israel's cruelty Lamis Alastal Israeli interrogator denailed the prisoners’ fingernails to elicit a confession forcibly. Two months on, ceasefire feels like siege Hassan Abo Qamar For most families, “returning home” means pitching tents beside the ruins of their houses. Is Committee to Protect Journalists scared of its pro-Israel donors? Abubaker Abed Annual awards ceremony brings in big money from Murdoch-owned media. Gaza’s fishers tempt fate to feed the hungry Hassan Herzallah Gaza’s fishing sector, once a crucial source of livelihoods, is operating at just 7.3 percent of its pre-genocide capacity. Rainstorms batter Gaza’s tent camps Ahmad Sbaih Unable to return to their homes behind Israel’s “yellow line,” Gaza’s displaced must endure winter downpours in tents. “Prepare yourself. You leave at dawn.” Abdulrahman Ismail A writer is given only hours’ notice that he will be evacuated from Gaza to Ireland. Reviews Bearing witness to the gruesome end of Western liberalism Rod Such 29 December 2025 Corporate journalism skewered in Omar El Akkad’s award-winning book on Gaza genocide. Read more about Bearing witness to the gruesome end of Western liberalism Betraying the underdog in Gaza Tim Llewellyn 25 November 2025 Peter Oborne’s new book is a minutely detailed account of an England betrayed at its moral heart. Read more about Betraying the underdog in Gaza The EI Podcast Livestream: Israel's expanding "yellow line" of death Blogs Livestream: Israel's expanding "yellow line" of death Eli Gerzon 25 December 2025 Buildings collapse on Gaza families as rain floods tents Nora Barrows-Friedman 19 December 2025 Israel seeks a rebrand amid Gaza genocide Michael F. Brown 16 December 2025 Livestream: West in panic as Israel loses narrative war Eli Gerzon 16 December 2025 Baby dies of exposure in Gaza as Israel blocks reconstruction Nora Barrows-Friedman 12 December 2025 Von der Leyen and Blair still want to boss Palestinians around David Cronin 11 December 2025 Livestream: Collaborator killed in Gaza as Trump plan fails Eli Gerzon 8 December 2025 Israeli massacres persist as harsh winter arrives in Gaza Nora Barrows-Friedman 5 December 2025 British hunger strikers learn prison lessons from Palestine Asa Winstanley 3 December 2025 Israel stands to benefit from EU weapons funding David Cronin 3 December 2025 Join our mailing list for daily updates from EI. View previous mailings Email Address * First Name Last Name Your support helps us tell Palestine’s stories every day. Donate Now Main menu Features Opinion and analysis Reviews Blogs Video Twitter Facebook YouTube Search form Search © 2000-2025 electronicIntifada.net About EI Contact Submit to EI