Divi Changes Everything. Give It A Test Drive! LEARN MORE
DIVI
New!
Now In Beta!
DIVI FOR
ALL PRODUCTS
CONTACT
ACCOUNT
PRICING
WordPress Unleashed
The Most Popular WordPress Themes In The World And The Ultimate Visual Page Builder

Join 974,872 Empowered Web Design Professionals & Business Owners

UNLOCK THE POWER OF DIVI
Divi
The Most Popular WordPress Theme In The World And The Ultimate WordPress Page Builder

Divi is our flagship theme and visual page builder. It's the most widely used premium WordPress theme in the world according to stats from BuiltWith.com. Divi is more than just a theme, it's a website building framework that makes it possible to design beautiful websites without ever touching a single line of code and without installing and configuring dozens of disjointed plugins. We think this is the future of WYSIWYG and it's unlike any WordPress theme you have ever used before.

LEARN MORE ABOUT DIVI
Online Stores
Non-Profits
Businesses
Educators
Restaurants
Service Providers
AND MORE! VIEW ALL CATEGORIES
Build
Build Pages Visually
On The Front End Of Your Website

You've never built a WordPress website like this before. Divi is one of the most advanced WordPress themes in the world. In fact, Divi is more than just a WordPress theme, It's a completely new website building platform that replaces the standard WordPress post editor with a vastly superior visual editor. It can be enjoyed by design professionals and newcomers alike, giving you the power to create spectacular designs with surprising ease and efficiency.

BUILD VISUALLY
EFFECTS
SHAPE DIVIDERS
BULK EDITING
LAYOUT LIBRARY
TRANSFORMS
HOVER STATES
FIND & REPLACE
Design
The Most Powerful Design Tool For WordPress

Enjoy the ultimate web design editor. Divi is like Photoshop or Sketch for the web. It brings an advanced design interface to WordPress that both beginners and experts will fall in love with. It's incredibly smart, super flexible, amazingly powerful and visual by nature. This is how designing for the web is meant to be done.

EXPLORE ALL OF DIVI'S FEATURES
Customize
Customize Every Part Of Your Website. Control The Finest Details.

With Divi, every part of your website is customizable. You have complete freedom to create the perfect website for you or your clients. Easily change colors, fonts and text styles. Apply stunning animations. Transform elements on the fly and apply advanced filters and effects. Control spacing and sizing. Add box shadows and text shadows. Create interesting background effects using gradients, images and videos. The list goes on!

EXPLORE DIVI'S NO-CODE BUILDER
Divi is For Everyone
Freelancers

Divi makes building websites for your clients so much easier, faster and more enjoyable. With Divi, you can build anything using a single platform, instead of managing dozens of different themes.

Agencies

Divi makes building websites faster and more efficient. It will streamline your design process and improve team collaboration. It's also amazingly affordable. Build unlimited websites for your clients on a single membership.

Website Owners

Divi makes building websites easier. For beginners and website owners, Divi gives you the freedom to bring your own visions to life. Anyone can jump into Divi thanks to its visual editor and hundreds of pre-made designs.

Promote
Split Testing, Lead Generation, and Social Media Integration

Harness the power of the Elegant Themes plugin suite, including Bloom and Monarch, the best tools for gathering leads and building your social following online. Use Divi's built-in split testing tool, Divi Leads, to optimize the traffic you generate.

BLOOM EMAIL OPTIN PLUGIN
MONARCH SOCIAL MEDIA PLUGIN
DIVI MARKETING PLATFORM
Sell!
Sell Products Online With Tailored WooCommerce Integration

Divi integrates beautifully with WooCommerce, extending the elegance you're able to achieve with Divi's visual builder on posts and pages to your shop and product pages too. Selling with WordPress has never looked so good.

EXPLORE DIVI'S ECOMMERCE FEATURES
Showcase
Display Your Work to the World

Divi's powerful design features combined with its built-in portfolio post types and modules gives businesses and creatives alike everything they need to display their work with the same level of craftsmanship it was made with.

EXPLORE DIVI
Engage
Tell Powerful Stories and Create Mesmerizing Blog Posts with Unique Content Design Elements

Divi is, by far, the world's most powerful and user friendly means of creating visually stunning content for the web. No other tool makes it so easy for users of any skill level to create content experiences that until recently only big budgets and skilled developers could achieve.

EXPLORE DIVI
Power
Power Your Entire Team With a Single Membership

Your entire design team can use Divi with a single membership. Optimize your design work flow with Divi's incredible set of speed and efficiency tools.

Unlimited
Build Unlimited Websites With a Single License

A single subscription gets you unlimited use of our themes and plugins. Install them on as many websites as you like using a single license. Use them on unlimited client websites too.

VIEW PRICING
Take Flight
Build Websites Faster than Ever Before With Divi's Amazing Efficiency Tools

Building websites with Divi is fast. Super fast. Divi is built by designers for designers, and we are striving to bring advanced UI paradigms to WordPress so that website owners and design agencies can enjoy a better building experience.

EXPLORE DIVI'S EFFICIENCY TOOLS
The Divi Marketplace
Find Hundreds Of Third Party Modules, Themes And Layouts

Divi is amazing on its own, but it's also backed by a thriving community of developers and designers (just like WordPress)! In the Divi Marketplace, you will find tons of free and premium products that will help you build unique websites.

BROWSE PRODUCTS
BECOME A SELLER
Extend
Developers Rejoice! Extend Divi in New & Exciting Ways

Divi is more than a theme, it's a complete web design framework backed by a thriving and enthusiastic community. We believe in extendability and in the cultivation of an open source development ecosystem. That's why we created the Divi developer API, allowing developers to create custom Divi modules and more.

EXPLORE DIVI'S DEVELOPMENT FEATURES
Power Your Entire Company, Team, or Personal Website With a Single License
Unlimited Use

A single subscription gets you unlimited use of our themes and plugins. Install them on as many websites as you like using a single license. Use them on unlimited client websites too.

Simple Pricing

One subscription, one fee, no strings attached. Get everything in our single membership. Power your entire team and use our themes and plugins on unlimited websites.

Constant Updates

When you use our products, you can rest easy knowing that we are always working hard to keep them updated, secure and compatible with the latest version of WordPress.

Products You Can Trust

Your website and your client's websites are precious. You need to trust in the products that power them. Elegant Themes provides a level of support and product quality that is unmatched.

Rock Solid Security

We take security seriously when developing our products. Rest easy knowing that we have your back. Don't trust your client's websites with any old theme or plugin.

24/7 Premium Support

We take great pride in the level of support we provide to our customers. Our team is available 24/7. We typically respond in less than an hour and are often available for instant live chat.

Active Community

You aren't just purchasing software when you join Elegant Themes. You are becoming part of an amazing community filled with wonderful and passionate people!

Satisfaction Guaranteed

We offer a 30 day money back guarantee. If you aren't satisfied with your membership, don't worry. We'll send you a refund with no questions asked.

974,872 Customers Are Already Building Amazing Websites With Divi. Join The Most Empowered WordPress Community On The Web
SIGN UP TODAY

We offer a 30 Day Money Back Guarantee, so joining is Risk-Free!

156k
Followers
75k
Members
64k
Followers
325k
Subscribers
188k
Subscribers
6k
Followers
DIVI
All Features
Explore Divi
Divi Modules
Divi Layouts
Quick Sites
Brand New!
No-Code Builder
Workflow
Ecommerce Websites
Theme Builder
Marketing Platform
Speed & Performance
Developers
Premium Support
PRODUCTS
Divi
Divi 5
Coming Soon!
Divi Marketplace
Divi Cloud
Divi AI
Divi Teams
Divi VIP
Divi Hosting
Divi Dash
Extra Theme
Bloom Plugin
Monarch Plugin
Plans & Pricing
Get Divi Today
RESOURCES
Documentation
Help Articles & FAQ
24/7 Support
Developer Docs
System Status
BLOG
Recent Posts
Product Updates
Divi Resources
Business
WordPress
Best Plugins
Top Tools
Best Hosting
COMMUNITY
Divi Meetups
Divi Facebook Group
Divi Examples
Divi Integrations
Divi Reviews
Community Forum
Affiliate Program
COMPANY
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2025 Elegant Themes ®