Web Hosting for Small Business by Elementor Skip to content Products Close Products Open Products Create Website Builder Create pixel-perfect websites with Elementor Editor's drag & drop interface Angie Update content, manage tasks, and speed up workflows with Agentic AI Site Planner Plan your site and create wireframes in minutes with AI Hello Themes Create your site with fast, lightweight WordPress themes for any project Host Hosting for WordPress Get super fast, secure hosting for your WordPress site Hosting for WooCommerce Build, manage and grow high-converting online stores Domains New Search and buy domains in just a few clicks Run & GROW Image Optimizer Speed up your site by compressing your images Site Mailer Deliver WordPress emails reliably without SMTP configuration Ally Web Accessability Make your site more inclusive with simple accessibility tools Site Creation with AI Plan, design, edit, and host your website in an AI-powered platform. From idea to launch in one secure place. Solutions Close Solutions Open Solutions For WooCommerce Build high-converting stores with integrated ecommerce tools and hosting For Agencies Scale your client work with tools built for growing digital agencies For Enterprise Custom solutions with dedicated support and enterprise-grade security Resources Close Resources Open Resources explore & learn Blog Tips, articles, and insights from the Elementor team Roadmap Showcases latest features, updates and releases. Submit feature requests here Developer Docs Technical documentation and APIs for advanced customizations Add-Ons Specialized Elementor apps and plugins designed to boost your website’s success Community A place for meetups, idea exchanges, and sharing user stories and insights Help Center A rich knowledge base, easily searchable for most any Elementor-related topic Get expert services Individualized one-time support for site setup, consulting, training and more Enterprise Pricing Close Pricing Open Pricing Hosting for WordPress Professional, Auto-Scaling Cloud Hosting with CDN for WordPress websites WooCommerce Bundles All you need to build your store efficiently and start selling today Enterprise Plans Custom solutions with dedicated support and enterprise-grade security Page Builder Pro Plugin WordPress Pro Plugin for drag-and-drop visual editing of web pages English Close English Open English English Nederlands Français Deutsch Português Español Italiano English Nederlands Français Deutsch Português Español Italiano Login Get Started Web Hosting for Small Business The Ultimate Hosting for Building Websites with Elementor See Plans Hassle-Free Hosting We sweat the technical stuff so you can focus on creating your website. Your managed hosting handles automatic updates, daily backups, staging & more. Lightning Speed Platform Our Cloud-based platform and CDN deliver fast-loading websites even during high traffic surges, and with our custom caching tool, content is served up super fast. Multiple Layers of Security Your website is safe and secure with integrated layers of security, DDoS, Firewall protection, and around-the-clock monitoring by our expert security team. Managed WordPress Hosting Tailored for Elementor Elementor Hosting is optimized to work best with Elementor, giving you everything you need to build robust websites: Elementor Pro website builder, managed WordPress hosting, and the Hello theme. World Class Hosting Platform Elementor Hosting is powered by Google Cloud Platform and gives you the very highest level of world class performance and security. Elementor Pro Website Builder Enjoy all the benefits of Elementor Pro: drag & drop editor, all Pro widgets, features, kits and templates to create fully responsive, stunning websites. Management Dashboard Manage all your websites and account settings from one convenient ‘My Elementor’ dashboard. WordPress Pre-Installed WordPress is automatically set up and installed on your hosted environment so you can hit the ground running and start building your website instantly. Hello Theme Kickstart your website with a theme perfectly tuned for high performance and control. Built by Elementor for Elementor, Hello is feather-light and works seamlessly with Elementor. Discover Unparalleled Website Speed Fast-Loading Websites Our Hosting infrastructure autoscales and allows resources to flex up as needed, making it a great solution for fast-loading websites your visitors will love. Unlimited Scalability Elastic load balancing evenly distributes resources across multiple virtual servers making it easy to scale even for  large ecommerce websites. High Speed CDN by Cloudflare Using Cloudflare's Content Delivery Network of 285+ locations worldwide, we quickly serve your cached assets from the location closest to your website visitors. Integrated Caching Booster Increase performance by 60% and experience a flawless user experience with Elementor’s integrated caching to serve your pages faster. Secure & Resilient by Design Get peace of mind knowing your websites are safe and secure with enterprise-grade layers of security and uptime of 99.9%. DDoS & WAFF Protection You get integrated DDoS protection and a web application firewall to deter malicious cyber attacks. SSL Certificate SSL certificates ensure secure communication and protect sensitive information through encryption. Auto Security Updates Guarantee your website's security and performance with immediate security updates and fixes. Auto & On-Demand Backups You’re covered with auto daily backups or on-demand so your website can be restored, in case of need. 24/7 Monitoring Your website is continuously monitored by our tools, checkups and a dedicated security team. Site Lock Work freely on your website and keep it hidden while it’s being developed. Unlock it whenever you’re ready. Explore Plans Professional Tools to Elevate Your Website Management Dashboard Easily manage your websites and subscriptions from one integrated dashboard. Connect emails, domains, access databases, SFTP and more. Staging Tool Safely test designs on a duplicated environment. Make changes without disrupting your live website, and when ready, push it to live. Database Access (phpMyAdmin) Gain total control over your databases using the popular phpMyAdmin and add, edit or delete database content. SFTP Access Access and transfer files securely between the local environment and your website to easily copy, move or delete files. Site Cloning Create a duplicate website with its design, content, plugins, and configurations in one click. Use it as a starting point for your next website. Migration Easily migrate your entire website to the Elementor Hosting server in just few steps. Custom Domains Purchase a custom domain address in just a few clicks and seamlessly connect it to your Elementor hosted website. Email Boxes Choose any of the top-tier providers we’ve partnered with, and easily connect your email to your website. “Your support team did an excellent job helping me out. They understood what my problem was and really made an effort to find a solution. Thanks, guys, you rock 🙂 “ Primoz Sent via Email Premium Support Get end-to-end premium support from a team of experts who are ready to answer any question via live chat or email. Support for Hosting + Builder 24/7/365 Expert Availability Fast & Efficient 5 Star Reviews All-in-One Solution Elementor Hosting Plan Elementor Hosting provides you with a complete website-building platform for WordPress, and gives you everything you need to create and launch beautiful, responsive websites. Explore Plans Managed Hosting Hosting powered by the Google Cloud Platform for maximum speed, security and reliability. Elementor Pro Builder Customize every part of your website with our no-code, WordPress drag & drop live editor. Hello Theme Elementor’s official theme, ready-to-use with 100+ pre-designed website designs. Explore Plans Have some questions? Let’s Talk! We are here to answer all your questions and help you find the right solution to kickstart your new website project. Start Chat Elementor Logo WordPress Logo Github Logo Instagram Logo Discord Logo Facebook Logo Twitter Logo YouTube Logo Tiktok Logo Linkedin Logo Elementor is the leading website builder platform for professionals and business owners on WordPress. Whether you’re a developer, designer, marketer, or business owner, Elementor empowers you to create stunning, high-performing websites. With a new website created every 10 seconds, Elementor empowers you to build and manage your online presence effectively. © Elementor. All rights reserved Subscribe to our newsletter By entering your email, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy . Web Creation Hosting for WordPress Hosting for WooCommerce Page Builder Plugin Hello Theme Dynamic Content eCommerce Theme Builder Landing Page Builder Popup Builder Form Builder Contact Buttons Workflow Optimization Angie - Agentic AI AI Site Planner Ally Web Accessibility Image Optimizer Site Mailer WooCommerce Builder Link in Bio Elementor For eCommerce Agencies Enterprise Web Designers Marketers Resources Help Center Academy Blog Add-Ons Roadmap Developers Website Support Web Creators Glossary Integrations Web Creator Stories Meetups AI Prompt Library Angie Prompt Library Free Elementor Download WordPress Download GIF Compressor PNG Compressor JPG Compressor WebP Converter Domain Name Search Business Name Generator Resources Company About Us Contact Us Careers FAQs Affiliate Program Trust Center Media Trademark Terms & Conditions AI Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Info Accessibility Statement Open-Source Software Components Pricing Hosting for WordPress Hosting for WooCommerce Page Builder Plugin Hosted with