Web Hosting, Reseller Hosting, Cloud Hosting & VPS Servers - Eleven2.com Skip to content Web Hosting Reseller VPS Enterprise Cloud Hosting Help Web Hosting Reseller VPS Enterprise Cloud Hosting Help LOG IN Custom web solutions for you or your business. Instantly setup your website, email, and start today! WordPress Hosting Special We are running a special on WordPress hosting solutions.  We know WordPress, all our staff are WordPress experts.  If you want to start an online store, a blog, or anything else, Eleven2 is the right place to be.  What are you waiting for, Start now! Starting at $7.96/month get started Up to 25 % off Sale ends in: {hour} : {min} : {sec} All in One Hosting Platform At Eleven2 our hosting services provide all the features needed to run a successful website. From small websites to large companies, we have you covered with our wide range of services.  We provide Web Hosting, Reseller Hosting, VPS, Enterprise Servers, and our World-Class Cloud Hosting. get started $6.36 /month Get Your Domain Here All .com .co .net .org .live search .com .org .net Award Winning Support & Features We are always here to help with true 24/7/365 Technical Support.  We have you covered no matter what issues arise.  From day one we will help you transfer your website, and from then on we will support you every step of the way toward your online success. The latest and greatest features are what you can expect with our hosting.  From advanced caching technology to the most fail-proof backup system on the market, we are always improving our hosting services. View More File Transfer Are you currently hosting your website with another company? Receiving a subpar service? Move to eleven2 and start being treated like a real person! We help you transfer everything over to us, free of charge with little to no downtime! Multiple Backups Eleven2 prides itself on is the amount of attention we give our servers. Along with Enterprise level hardware and RAID protection, we also plan for worst-case scenarios. We have multiple backup servers that hold multiple backup points of all of your data. cPanel Included cPanel & WHM offers you the tools that they need to succeed. cPanel includes a large range of features that allow you to control virtually every aspect of your websites. WHM helps manage the server and every hosting account on the server. Money Back Guarantees 60 Day Money Back Guarantee - At anytime during the first 60 days you can receive a full refund if you're unhappy with our service. 99.9% Uptime Guarantee - We guarantee your website's uptime! All in One Hosting Platform Web Hosting Where You Need It We have data center locations in Los Angeles, California, Dallas, Texas, Amsterdam and Singapore. United States Netherlands Singapore FEATURED PRICING PLAN Our Best Pricing Monthly Yearly Shared $ 6.36 Storage 10GB Bandwidth 50GB Global Locations Support 24/7 buy now Get 30 days free trial Reseller $ 19.96 Storage 100GB Bandwidth 1TB Global Locations Support 24/7 buy now Get 30 days free trial Virtual $ 34.30 Storage 120GB Memory 1GB Bandwidth 1TB Support 24/7 buy now Get 30 days free trial Enterprise $ 199 Core Intel i3-3220 Bandwidth 3TB Memory 4GB Support 24/7 buy now Get 30 days free trial Shared $ 85.86 Storage Up to 500GB Bandwidth Up to 40 TB Global Locations Free Transfer Support 24/7 buy now Get 30 days free trial Reseller $ 269.46 Storage Up to 300GB Bandwidth Up to 3TB Global Locations Free Transfer Support 24/7 buy now Get 30 days free trial Virtual $ 108 Storage Up to 360GB Bandwidth Up to 3TB Global Locations Free Transfer Support 24/7 buy now Get 30 days free trial Enterprise $ 1500 Storage Up to 8TB Bandwidth Up to 8TB Fully Managed Free Transfer Support 24/7 buy now Get 30 days free trial Web Hosting You Can Trust " I know they say everything is better in Texas... I can tell you this: hosting from eleven2 sure is!" Terry Weaver terryweaver.com "After being disappointed by different webhosts... I've now found not only better hosting but a home!" Gilgal Media Arts @GilgalMediaArts "The best damn web hosting in the industry... Seriously no one has better customer service. No one." Nick Rizzo xplanejunkies.com Seen Enough? Ready to make the move? Order Now Hosting Shared Reseller Virtual Enterprise Support Knowledgebase Video Tutorials Help Desk Affiliates Banners Login Signup Company Reviews Blog Legal Info Social Facebook-f Twitter Contact 20339 Nordhoff St, Suite 105 Chatsworth CA 91311 [email protected] © 2023 Eleven2. All Rights Reserved.