Elicit: AI for scientific research Sign in Sign up Sign up Sign in Sign up AI for Scientiﬁc Research AI for Scientiﬁc Research Elicit helps researchers be 10x more evidence-based Elicit helps researchers be 10x more evidence-based Try now Try now Try now Solutions Industries Resources Customers Pricing Sign in Sign up TRUSTED BY OVER 5 MILLION RESEARCHERS, INCLUDING AT Read our customer stories TRUSTED BY OVER 5 MILLION RESEARCHERS, INCLUDING AT Read our customer stories TRUSTED BY OVER 5 MILLION RESEARCHERS, INCLUDING AT Read our customer stories Stand on the shoulders of giants Use Elicit to understand more quickly what science already knows, so that you can discover the unknown. Features Research takes many forms Whether you need a quick answer or are planning a multi-month comprehensive review, Elicit can support you from beginning to end. Features Research takes many forms Whether you need a quick answer or are planning a multi-month comprehensive review, Elicit can support you from beginning to end. Features Research takes many forms Whether you need a quick answer or are planning a multi-month comprehensive review, Elicit can support you from beginning to end. Search Search over 138 million academic papers and 545,000 clinical trials, with more data sources coming soon. • Elicit's semantic search means you don't have to know all the right keywords to get relevant results. • Learn more Search Search over 138 million academic papers and 545,000 clinical trials, with more data sources coming soon. • Elicit's semantic search means you don't have to know all the right keywords to get relevant results. • Learn more Search Search over 138 million academic papers and 545,000 clinical trials, with more data sources coming soon. • Elicit's semantic search means you don't have to know all the right keywords to get relevant results. • Learn more Research reports Elicit generates high-quality research briefs based on a process inspired by systematic reviews. • Unlike with other AI tools, Elicit Reports can be deeply customized. You can change which papers and what information is covered in the reports. • Learn more Research reports Elicit generates high-quality research briefs based on a process inspired by systematic reviews. • Unlike with other AI tools, Elicit Reports can be deeply customized. You can change which papers and what information is covered in the reports. • Learn more Research reports Elicit generates high-quality research briefs based on a process inspired by systematic reviews. • Unlike with other AI tools, Elicit Reports can be deeply customized. You can change which papers and what information is covered in the reports. • Learn more Systematic literature review Elicit can automate screening and data extraction of systematic reviews, while partially supporting search and report generation. • Researchers report up to 80% time savings using Elicit for systematic reviews. • Learn more Systematic literature review Elicit can automate screening and data extraction of systematic reviews, while partially supporting search and report generation. • Researchers report up to 80% time savings using Elicit for systematic reviews. • Learn more Systematic literature review Elicit can automate screening and data extraction of systematic reviews, while partially supporting search and report generation. • Researchers report up to 80% time savings using Elicit for systematic reviews. • Learn more Library As you use Elicit, store and organize the sources that you find so that you can easily reuse them in future projects. Learn more Library As you use Elicit, store and organize the sources that you find so that you can easily reuse them in future projects. Learn more Library As you use Elicit, store and organize the sources that you find so that you can easily reuse them in future projects. Learn more Alerts Research is constantly evolving; use Elicit Alerts to stay on top of new research without cluttering your inbox. Learn more Alerts Research is constantly evolving; use Elicit Alerts to stay on top of new research without cluttering your inbox. Learn more Alerts Research is constantly evolving; use Elicit Alerts to stay on top of new research without cluttering your inbox. Learn more How we’re different There are a lot of AI tools out there. What makes Elicit unique? Scale Elicit can find up to 1,000 relevant papers and analyze up to 20,000 data points at once. Accuracy Elicit is the most accurate AI product for scientific research. Learn about how we validated Elicit's accuracy. Transparency Elicit supports all AI-generated claims with sentence-level citations from the underlying sources. More than chat Elicit goes beyond chat to provide rich, interactive tables and multi-step workflows. How we’re different There are a lot of AI tools out there. What makes Elicit unique? Scale Elicit can find up to 1,000 relevant papers and analyze up to 20,000 data points at once. Accuracy Elicit is the most accurate AI product for scientific research. Learn about how we validated Elicit's accuracy. Transparency Elicit supports all AI-generated claims with sentence-level citations from the underlying sources. More than chat Elicit goes beyond chat to provide rich, interactive tables and multi-step workflows. How we’re different There are a lot of AI tools out there. What makes Elicit unique? Scale Elicit can find up to 1,000 relevant papers and analyze up to 20,000 data points at once. Accuracy Elicit is the most accurate AI product for scientific research. Learn about how we validated Elicit's accuracy. Transparency Elicit supports all AI-generated claims with sentence-level citations from the underlying sources. More than chat Elicit goes beyond chat to provide rich, interactive tables and multi-step workflows. Industries We live in a scientific world Elicit supports researchers across many domains and industries Pharmaceuticals Bring novel drugs to patients faster Learn more Academia Push the frontier of science forward Learn more Medical devices & technology Design safe and effective products for patients Learn more Policy & government Make evidence-based policies Learn more Consumer goods Improve products that billions rely on every day Learn more Industrials Discover new materials and engineer them at scale Example report Mitigating Temperature Drift in MEMS Sensors Software & technology Innovate on user experience, algorithmic performance, and more Example report Energy-Latency Trade-offs in Gesture Recognition Models Industries We live in a scientific world Elicit supports researchers across many domains and industries Pharmaceuticals Bring novel drugs to patients faster Learn more Academia Push the frontier of science forward Learn more Medical devices & technology Design safe and effective products for patients Learn more Policy & government Make evidence-based policies Learn more Consumer goods Improve products that billions rely on every day Learn more Industrials Discover new materials and engineer them at scale Example report Mitigating Temperature Drift in MEMS Sensors Software & technology Innovate on user experience, algorithmic performance, and more Example report Energy-Latency Trade-offs in Gesture Recognition Models Industries We live in a scientific world Elicit supports researchers across many domains and industries Pharmaceuticals Bring novel drugs to patients faster Learn more Academia Push the frontier of science forward Learn more Medical devices & technology Design safe and effective products for patients Learn more Policy & government Make evidence-based policies Learn more Consumer goods Improve products that billions rely on every day Learn more Industrials Discover new materials and engineer them at scale Example report Mitigating Temperature Drift in MEMS Sensors Software & technology Innovate on user experience, algorithmic performance, and more Example report Energy-Latency Trade-offs in Gesture Recognition Models New features Latest releases Dec 19, 2025 Introducing Strict Screening and 80-Paper Reports Strict screening criteria are now available in Systematic Review. Reports can now contain up to 80 papers. Dec 17, 2025 Evaluating Claude Opus 4.5 Claude Opus 4.5 is better than Sonnet 4.5, Google Gemini 3 Pro, and OpenAI GPT 5 at data extraction and writing  reports with fewer hallucinations. Dec 9, 2025 New in Elicit: Research Agents Elicit Research Agent powering workflows for competitive landscapes, research landscape and broad topic exploration Oct 23, 2025 Introducing Keyword Search Elicit Systematic Reviews now supports keyword search queries over Elicit, PubMed, and ClinicalTrials.gov. Jul 23, 2025 Introducing Clinical Trials Clinical Trials are now in Elicit. Search over 545,000 studies on clinicaltrials.gov and instantly summarize them into tables or reports. Jun 30, 2025 Introducing Elicit Alerts Other automated alerts don't work: they're noisy and inefficient. Elicit Alerts leverages AI to surface relevant research and reduce wasted time. Mar 18, 2025 How we evaluated Elicit Systematic Review Elicit's Systematic Review is our most advanced workflow, delivering human-level accuracy in evidence synthesis at a fraction of the cost and labor. Mar 4, 2025 How we evaluated Elicit Reports Elicit Reports provide automated research overviews with higher quality and efficiency than other deep research tools. New features Latest releases Dec 19, 2025 Introducing Strict Screening and 80-Paper Reports Strict screening criteria are now available in Systematic Review. Reports can now contain up to 80 papers. Dec 17, 2025 Evaluating Claude Opus 4.5 Claude Opus 4.5 is better than Sonnet 4.5, Google Gemini 3 Pro, and OpenAI GPT 5 at data extraction and writing  reports with fewer hallucinations. Dec 9, 2025 New in Elicit: Research Agents Elicit Research Agent powering workflows for competitive landscapes, research landscape and broad topic exploration Oct 23, 2025 Introducing Keyword Search Elicit Systematic Reviews now supports keyword search queries over Elicit, PubMed, and ClinicalTrials.gov. Jul 23, 2025 Introducing Clinical Trials Clinical Trials are now in Elicit. Search over 545,000 studies on clinicaltrials.gov and instantly summarize them into tables or reports. Jun 30, 2025 Introducing Elicit Alerts Other automated alerts don't work: they're noisy and inefficient. Elicit Alerts leverages AI to surface relevant research and reduce wasted time. Mar 18, 2025 How we evaluated Elicit Systematic Review Elicit's Systematic Review is our most advanced workflow, delivering human-level accuracy in evidence synthesis at a fraction of the cost and labor. Mar 4, 2025 How we evaluated Elicit Reports Elicit Reports provide automated research overviews with higher quality and efficiency than other deep research tools. New features Latest releases Dec 19, 2025 Introducing Strict Screening and 80-Paper Reports Strict screening criteria are now available in Systematic Review. Reports can now contain up to 80 papers. Dec 17, 2025 Evaluating Claude Opus 4.5 Claude Opus 4.5 is better than Sonnet 4.5, Google Gemini 3 Pro, and OpenAI GPT 5 at data extraction and writing  reports with fewer hallucinations. Dec 9, 2025 New in Elicit: Research Agents Elicit Research Agent powering workflows for competitive landscapes, research landscape and broad topic exploration Oct 23, 2025 Introducing Keyword Search Elicit Systematic Reviews now supports keyword search queries over Elicit, PubMed, and ClinicalTrials.gov. Jul 23, 2025 Introducing Clinical Trials Clinical Trials are now in Elicit. Search over 545,000 studies on clinicaltrials.gov and instantly summarize them into tables or reports. Jun 30, 2025 Introducing Elicit Alerts Other automated alerts don't work: they're noisy and inefficient. Elicit Alerts leverages AI to surface relevant research and reduce wasted time. Mar 18, 2025 How we evaluated Elicit Systematic Review Elicit's Systematic Review is our most advanced workflow, delivering human-level accuracy in evidence synthesis at a fraction of the cost and labor. Mar 4, 2025 How we evaluated Elicit Reports Elicit Reports provide automated research overviews with higher quality and efficiency than other deep research tools. Case studies Trusted by top research institutions Our team and our customers have rigorously tested and evaluated Elicit's accuracy While developing a clinical asset targeting knee osteoarthritis, Formation Bio used Elicit to assess how end-stage knee osteoarthritis had been defined in clinical trials and previous literature. 1,600 Papers to extract data from 10x Faster in Elicit VDI / VDE used Elicit's data extraction for a systematic review informing German education policy. Elicit correctly extracted 1,502 out of 1,511 data points, an accuracy rate of 99.4%. 99.4% Data extraction accuracy 11x More evidence considered Oxford PharmaGenesis advises 8 of the top 10 global pharmaceutical companies. With Elicit, they now deliver literature reviews at an unprecedented scale. 500 Papers reviewed 40 Research questions Case studies Trusted by top research institutions Our team and our customers have rigorously tested and evaluated Elicit's accuracy While developing a clinical asset targeting knee osteoarthritis, Formation Bio used Elicit to assess how end-stage knee osteoarthritis had been defined in clinical trials and previous literature. 1,600 Papers to extract data from 10x Faster in Elicit VDI / VDE used Elicit's data extraction for a systematic review informing German education policy. Elicit correctly extracted 1,502 out of 1,511 data points, an accuracy rate of 99.4%. 99.4% Data extraction accuracy 11x More evidence considered Oxford PharmaGenesis advises 8 of the top 10 global pharmaceutical companies. With Elicit, they now deliver literature reviews at an unprecedented scale. 500 Papers reviewed 40 Research questions Case studies Trusted by top research institutions Our team and our customers have rigorously tested and evaluated Elicit's accuracy While developing a clinical asset targeting knee osteoarthritis, Formation Bio used Elicit to assess how end-stage knee osteoarthritis had been defined in clinical trials and previous literature. 1,600 Papers to extract data from 10x Faster in Elicit VDI / VDE used Elicit's data extraction for a systematic review informing German education policy. Elicit correctly extracted 1,502 out of 1,511 data points, an accuracy rate of 99.4%. 99.4% Data extraction accuracy 11x More evidence considered Oxford PharmaGenesis advises 8 of the top 10 global pharmaceutical companies. With Elicit, they now deliver literature reviews at an unprecedented scale. 500 Papers reviewed 40 Research questions This is an important moment in time AI has the potential to significantly change the world. Change is complicated. As researchers and scientists, we must direct this technology towards having as positive an impact as possible. We need to move quickly, without sacrificing quality. Our research needs to be more dynamic to stay relevant in a rapidly-changing world. Scientific rigor, good reasoning, and high-quality research are more important than ever. We built this to help you. To help you understand the never-ending mysteries of our universe. To help you make breakthroughs that end disease. To help you wrestle with hard questions about how to alleviate poverty, explore new frontiers, or create thriving communities. Thank you for your curiosity. Your sense of wonder. For your uncompromising commitment to truth and progress. We hope we can make finding that truth just a little bit easier. FAQ How do you rank sources or determine quality? Is Elicit free? What data sources do you have access to? Who is Elicit built for? FAQ How do you rank sources or determine quality? Is Elicit free? What data sources do you have access to? Who is Elicit built for? FAQ How do you rank sources or determine quality? Is Elicit free? What data sources do you have access to? Who is Elicit built for? Save time, think better. Try Elicit for free Sign up Sign up Sign up Talk to Sales Talk to Sales Talk to Sales Solutions Literature Review Paper Search Library Alerts Reports Industries Pharma Academia Medtech Consumer goods Resources Customers Blog Help center Digital garden MORE Team Careers © 2025 Elicit, inc. Privacy policy Terms of service Policies Solutions Literature Review Paper Search Library Alerts Reports Industries Pharma Academia Medtech Consumer goods Resources Customers Blog Help center Digital garden MORE Team Careers © 2025 Elicit, inc. Privacy policy Terms of service Policies Solutions Literature Review Paper Search Library Alerts Reports Industries Pharma Academia Medtech Consumer goods Resources Customers Blog Help center Digital garden MORE Team Careers © 2025 Elicit, inc. Privacy policy Terms of service Policies