EloView® Content & Device Management Solutions | Elo® JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. Products Solutions Services Support English (US) How to buy English (US) How to buy All Search Products Solutions Services Support About English (US) Products Solutions Services Support Search Mobile Computers Monitors POS Terminals Touchscreen Computers Open Frame Touchscreens Touchscreen Signage Medical-Grade Touchscreens Touchscreen Components Touchscreen Display Modules Accessories EloView ® Elo Pay Essentials for Android Point-of-Sale Self-Service Retail Restaurant/QSR Grocery Healthcare Gaming Touchscreen Signage Corporate Industry 4.0 Embedded OEM Solutions EloCare ® OS 360 Advance Unit Replacement Accidental Damage Protection Extended Warranty On-Site Exchange Out of Warranty Battery Replacement Professional Services Downloads Technical Support Cleaning Company Team Press Events Careers Environment How to buy Contact Us Explore all products Explore custom products Explore all solutions Get in touch Check warranty status Return & Repair Policy Mobile Computers Monitors POS Terminals Touchscreen Computers Open Frame Touchscreens Touchscreen Signage Medical-Grade Touchscreens Touchscreen Components Touchscreen Display Modules Accessories EloView ® Elo Pay Explore all products Explore custom products Essentials for Android Point-of-Sale Self-Service Retail Restaurant/QSR Grocery Healthcare Gaming Touchscreen Signage Corporate Industry 4.0 Embedded OEM Solutions Explore all solutions Get in touch EloCare ® OS 360 Advance Unit Replacement Accidental Damage Protection Extended Warranty On-Site Exchange Out of Warranty Battery Replacement Professional Services Check warranty status Return & Repair Policy Downloads Technical Support Cleaning Company Team Press Events Careers Environment How to buy Go Simplify Android device management with EloView®. EloView® offers easy to use tools to support implementations  of Android Elo mobile and fixed devices across your business. The enterprise device management, content deployment and security management platform reduces your total cost of ownership while increasing up-time and security. Start your free trial Log in EloView® is purpose-built to seamlessly support Android Elo devices – making it quick and easy to get up and running. With ready-to-enroll devices, no user intervention is needed. Simply provision and manage hundreds, thousands or even tens of thousands of devices wherever you have them located. You can’t be everywhere at once. That’s why we created EloView®. The Android device management platform helps you to manage devices and the OS as well as dynamically change content multiple times per day based on promotion, new product, events and anything else that drives content change. Watch EloView® video Enterprise Device Management Take complete control of your Elo hardware. EloView® provides users with added visibility and control of their devices. Users can monitor, manage and support Elo devices to help maximize the health, security, uptime and availability of their fleets. Manage settings Control time zone, volume, network configuration and device reset. View content Check the content deployed to each device by accessing the device interface screenshots in the EloView® portal. Control interface Choose the device interface features you want enabled or disabled. Integration EloView® makes integrating Android Elo devices into your architecture easy. Customizable experience Create a customizable out-of-box experience to deliver plug-in ready devices to end users. Account management Easily separate and manage multiple end-user groups  and limit access to specific features. Fleet management Execute over-the-air updates, data resets, device rebuilds and more to ensure exceptional device uptime and availability. Developer tools Use secure cloud APIs and device SDKs to interact with EloView® to enable your end users to take privileged or unique actions on the device via your app without logging into EloView®. Auto provisioning With automated provisioning, you can sit back and deploy. EloView® truly simplifies the process by automating provisioning from the moment the devices go online. Simply choose the device(s) you want to manage, select the settings and content and schedule it. Everything will auto-provision when the device is turned on and a network connection is established. Start using EloView® to drastically reduce training, errors and time needed for installers while lowering your total cost of ownership. Remote content management Simplify content deployment with the innovative deployment bar. EloView® offers robust functionality that enables users to update content in real-time or on a schedule. With an innovative deployment bar and easy-to-use filters, groups and tags, you can choose to update a single device or group of devices, and you can save deployment configurations for future use. Content Automation Schedule content deployments on demand for a variety of formats including Android Apps, web-apps, attract-loop videos and multi-app bundles. Web-apps can be deployed with a choice of several browser engines and settings. Single or Multi App Mode Single-app mode is the perfect solution for kiosks to minimize tampering by locking down the device and hiding the nav and pop-ups. Multi-app mode offers a great experience for employee-facing devices that can switch between applications. Security Comprehensive security model from the people who know your devices best. Elo’s approach delivers world class security from the device, to the OS, to the cloud. With single app mode, customize a locked-down screen for unattended applications. Make your devices tamper proof by locking USB ports and buttons to prevent unauthorized access. TLS 1.3 security for device to cloud communication. OWASP compliant with annual independent testing and certification. PCI and ISO certified cloud platform. OS Management Get enterprise-grade OS management across your devices. Remotely deploy the latest OS updates to your devices with no interaction needed at the device to minimize impact on field support. You are in control of the time updates occur and the version to apply to minimize the impact to your business. EloCare℠ OS 360 Enhanced security for Android Elo devices. Get bi-monthly security updates, device enhancements and the latest OS upgrades to help ensure your devices are secure and performing optimally throughout their lifecycle. Learn more IT management of kiosks is not easy. It has never been easy but with EloView, enterprise device management is completely different. The amount of time that we spend on a daily basis managing elo screens and making sure our kiosks are up and running is less than 10 minutes. EloView has allowed us to dynamically change content multiple times per day based on weather, events, geography, promotion cadence. For us to do this, is literally a drag and a drop. We no longer question whether our kiosk is working now that we have EloView. John Hazen Chief Digital Officer, Boot Barn With EloView, we save time and money by reducing fulfillment and handling costs prior to shipping. Now we provision new hardware over the air while it is in transit, providing a near magical out-of-the-box experience for our customers. Julius Winegar Director of Client Relations, DoubleBeam EloView, a cloud-based content management system, gives us tremendous flexibility by enabling us to service more than one location at a time," said Rob Moore senior merchandising manager at Moen. "With zero touch deployment, EloView allows us to push content, app updates and firmware to a number of locations very quickly and effectively right out of the box. Rob Moore Senior Merchandising Manager, Moen EloView, helps us deploy and manage all of our Elo hardware in the field remotely. Elo’s unified android-based platform allows us to write a single application and deploy it across all screen sizes and form factors in minutes saving us time and operational costs. Wilfred Martis Co-founder, GrabScanGo.com Release notes View the full list of major and minor released updates from EloView®. Support Access comprehensive how to videos and step-by-step instructions for everything EloView®. Pricing Get flexible pricing for companies and device fleets of all sizes. Start your free trial Log in Get in touch today. Fill out the form below and we will contact you to create a personalized solution tailored to your business need. Email Phone Company Select Country Country* United States Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Columbia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D’Ivoire (Ivory Coast) Croatia (Hrvatska) Cyprus Czech Republic Dem Rep of Congo (Zaire) Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong SAR Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau SAR Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Other Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Region Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (US) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe I agree with Elo's Privacy Policy .* Subscribe me to Elo's newsletter . Start the conversation This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. × Products Mobile Computers Monitors POS Terminals Touchscreen Computers Open Frame Touchscreens Touchscreen Signage Medical-Grade Touchscreens Touchscreen Components Touchscreen Display Modules Accessories EloView ® Elo Pay Custom Products Solutions Essentials for Android Point-of-Sale Self-Service Retail Restaurant/QSR Grocery Healthcare Gaming Touchscreen Signage Corporate Industry 4.0 Embedded OEM Solutions About Company Team News Events Careers Environment Quality Customer Stories Brand Guidelines How to buy Services EloCare ® OS 360 Advance Unit Replacement Accidental Damage Protection Extended Warranty On-Site Exchange Out of Warranty Battery Replacement Professional Services Support Technical Support Supplier Portal Service & Repair Downloads Documentation Warranty Information Partners Elo Elite Partner Program Software & Hardware Partners Elo ManRep Portal Elo Distributor Portal Products Mobile Computers Monitors POS Terminals Touchscreen Computers Open Frame Touchscreens Touchscreen Signage Medical-Grade Touchscreens Touchscreen Components Touchscreen Display Modules Accessories EloView ® Elo Pay Custom Products Solutions Essentials for Android Point-of-Sale Self-Service Retail Restaurant/QSR Grocery Healthcare Gaming Touchscreen Signage Corporate Industry 4.0 Embedded OEM Solutions About Company Team News Events Careers Environment Quality Customer Stories Brand Guidelines How to buy Services EloCare ® OS 360 Advance Unit Replacement Accidental Damage Protection Extended Warranty On-Site Exchange Out of Warranty Battery Replacement Professional Services Support Technical Support Supplier Portal Service & Repair Downloads Documentation Warranty Information Partners Elo Elite Partner Program Software & Hardware Partners Elo ManRep Portal Elo Distributor Portal Better Touch, Better Business. Contact Sales at Elo. Go Elo Today Call Us 1 (408) 597 8000 Email Us EloSales.NA@elotouch.com © 2025 Elo Touch Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Legal Cookie Settings English (US) © 2025 Elo Touch Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Legal Cookie Settings English (US)