SKIP NAVIGATION
CATALOG
PLATFORMS
LEARN
CONTACT
PARTNERSHIPS
Bringing the world to the classroom and the classroom to life

 

Through our English programs, students learn about their world by experiencing it. We offer English programs for students of all ages and levels of proficiency, fully supported with digital resources on the Spark platform to help classrooms meet their goals.

Courses for...

Pre-Primary/Very Young Learners​
Primary/Young Learners
Content-based Literacy and Language
Secondary/Teens​
Adult General English​
US Adult Education

Academic Skills

Grammar​
Listening and Speaking​
Reading
Writing​
Reading and Writing​
Pronunciation

Resources

Exam Preparation​
Graded Readers​
Teacher Development​
Business English​
Dictionaries
Assessment of English for Better Teaching and Learning

All National Geographic Learning programs have assessment resources to support teachers as they place students, monitor students’ progress towards learning outcomes, and deliver tests and exams.


National Geographic Learning and English Language Teaching​

National Geographic Learning’s mission is to bring the world to the classroom and the classroom to life. With our English language programs, students learn about their world by experiencing it. Through our partnerships with National Geographic and TED, they develop the language and skills they need to be successful global citizens and leaders.

 

 


We teach English –
and the world

We offer English programs for students of all ages and levels of proficiency that are inspiring, real and relevant.


For every stage of
teaching and learning

Teaching engaging classroom lessons, assign homework and tests, and track student and class performance with the digital tools on the all-in-one Spark platform.


The whole world,  
the real world

Learners experience the world through fascinating stories, including those of National Geographic Explorers, and through powerful ideas from TED.

Explore More

Explore ideas and topics that are related to our core values of English language teaching on the InFocus Blog
Read informative and insightful blogs and articles that focus on practical tips, interesting topics, and new ideas from authors, teacher trainers, speakers from the TED stage, and National Geographic Explorers.

Professional development webinars with English Language Teaching
Join us in professional development webinars with English Language Teaching specialists, speakers from the TED stage, National Geographic Explorers, and others in the English Language Teaching field.

Get Started with the all-in-one Spark platform
Prepare to use the all-in-one Spark platform by visiting the Onboarding site, including guides, checklists, video tutorials, and other resources you need to be ready on the first day of class.

SKIP NAVIGATION
CONNECT WITH US
AboutWebinarsInFocus BlogSite MapInvestorsCareersTerms of UsePrivacyAccessibilityPermissionsPiracy
©2025 National Geographic Learning.
A PART OF CENGAGE
"National Geographic", "National Geographic Society" and the Yellow Border Design are registered trademarks of the National Geographic Society® Marcas Registradas