emap Publishing | Home 020 8253 8600 Contact form Home Who We Are Join Us Our Brands What’s New? Contact Who We Are In 1887, entrepreneur Sir Richard Winfrey bought a collection of newspaper and magazine titles in the midlands together under the name East Midlands Allied Press. Throughout a distinguished 30-year history the group grew as media brands joined from across the UK. In 1947, the company adopted the ‘emap’ name. In 2017, fast-growing media operator Metropolis Group acquired the business, combined it with its own B2B media brands, and continued the growth trajectory with further acquisitions and growth in digital solutions, events and paid content. Today, emap is one of the UK’s leading and fastest growing niche media owners. We connect our loyal audiences with news, analysis and expert opinion through leading journalism, engaging events and burgeoning digital products. Media We deliver high quality content which matches all the needs of our diverse communities across the wide range of brands we serve. More about Media Events Industry-leading event portfolios bolster each of our B2B brands, providing each niche community with expert insight and debate. More about Events Our Brands Our brands cover a wide range of niche markets from fashion and architecture to construction and tax. They are integral parts of their communities and have loyal audiences. View Brands Join Our Team We’re always on the lookout for entrepreneurial talent. Take a look at the open opportunities and join one of our award-winning teams! Find out more about joining emap emap at a glance factsheet Explore Careers What’s New? Sometimes as well as writing about the news, we have news of our own to share! Here’s the latest on our awesome brands, events, and teams. Nov 21, 2025 Introducing the Journal of Nursing Leadership Nov 10, 2025 Multiple Nominations at the IBP and BSME Awards Sep 15, 2025 MHFA Team  Take on the Seven Sisters Hike Read More Quick Links Home Who We Are Join Us Our Brands What’s New Contact Helpful Stuff Privacy Policy & Cookies Policy Terms and  Conditions Sustainability Brand Resources Contact Info Registered address: c/o Metropolis International Group Limited, 10th Floor, Southern House, Wellesley Grove, Croydon, CR0 1XG. — Company number: 07880758 (England & Wales) — emap © 2025 emap Publishing Limited. All rights reserved We use cookies to personalize and improve your experience on our site. Visit our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy to learn more. You can opt out of some cookies by adjusting your browser settings. More information on how to do this can be found in the cookie policy. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies. Accept