This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. You may select “Accept” to agree to non-essential cookies, use our Preference Center to manage cookie settings, or select "Deny" or close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Learn more about our privacy practices by reviewing our Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject Non-Essential
Newsletter sign-up
Does my company subscribe?
Contact Sales:
1-800-405-0844
Products
Events & Resources
Topics
Articles
Pricing
About
Log in
Become a Client
Smarter Insights, Faster Decisions.

EMARKETER provides the gold standard for media, advertising, and commerce data with thousands of ready-made forecasts, charts, and reports.

Get to decision-making faster with access to exclusive data sets, expert insights, interactive forecasts – and now AI Search: a faster, smarter way to navigate and contextualize EMARKETER research.

Learn More Talk to an Expert
Latest Research

Unlock insights and trends about your target audiences with research built on vetted and transparently sourced data put through our proprietary research methodology.

Featured
New
Upcoming
Live & Virtual Events
Events

May 9, 2025

Cannes Lions 2025
Events

June 16, 2025

Navigating Uncertainty 2025
Resources
See the trend data we’re featuring today
Data

December 24, 2025

Maximizing Marketing Efficiency with AI
Resources

July 1, 2024

Boost Sales with Mobile Apps
Resources

July 1, 2024

Brand Safety Toolkit
Resources

June 17, 2024

Ebooks, Guides, and More
Resources

June 17, 2024

On-Demand Webinar: Unlocking Fresh Data and Deeper Insights
Events

March 18, 2024

Unlock the Secrets to Engaging Gen Z
Resources

April 5, 2024

Don’t miss digital advertising’s next major wave
Newsletter

March 4, 2024

The New Era of Social Media
Resources

March 4, 2024

Beyond the Research: Analyst Speaking Events

Join us at upcoming events to hear from our experts

Forum eCommerce Brasil

5 of the Biggest Global Digital Trends and What They Mean for Brazil: A data-driven look at tariffs, GenAI, TikTok Shop and more

July 29-31

Distrito Anhembi, SP

Zia Daniell Wigder

eTail Boston

Keynote Fireside Chat: Beating the Competition: Winning on the Basics of Product, Price and Convenience

Keynote Fireside Chat: Modernizing an Iconic Brand: Winning Over A New Generation When You Have 115 Years of Heritage

Aug 11-14

Sheraton Boston, MA

Suzy Davidkhanian

Finnovate Fall

Sep 8-10

Shoptalk Europe

How retailers can reach customers through digital channels

06/02/25

Barcelona, ESP

Vlad Hanzlik
→
→
In the News

The world’s leading media publications regularly cite EMARKETER to inform their readers.

VIEW Ellison steps in with personal guarantee as Paramount fights for Warner Bros

December 22, 2025

How AI boom is pressuring videogame console industry in race for memory chips

December 22, 2025

Media giant Essence launches a marketplace for Black women-led brands

December 22, 2025

TikTok creators welcome deal to keep app in the U.S.

December 20, 2025

TikTok creators welcome deal to keep app in the U.S.

December 20, 2025

3 Ways Consolidation Will Hit Commerce Media in 2026

December 19, 2025

Media giant Essence launches a marketplace for Black women-led brands

December 19, 2025

In Graphic Detail: Why YouTube is a genuine threat to Netflix

December 18, 2025

The 6 Deals That Reshaped Commerce Media in 2025

December 17, 2025

VIEW Warner Bros Discovery board rejects hostile bid from Paramount

December 17, 2025

Explore what EMARKETER can provide for your industry.
Learn More Plans & Pricing
Advertising, Media and Marketing→

Learn how marketers and advertisers are maximizing revenue through optimized spend and efficient targeting. Our research covers how they most effectively reach consumers and which channels have the most growth potential – both now and in the coming years.

Retail & Ecommerce→

Our Retail & Ecommerce research dives into how the world’s biggest retailers (and those with rising market share) are maximizing their revenue by reaching new buyers and refining their delivery processes. Understand where consumers are spending, what channels they are using to make purchases and how brands are reaching shoppers.

Financial Services→

Today’s leading financial services companies are winning the battle for customer loyalty by anticipating disruption and meeting consumer demand for a frictionless experience. Learn how incumbents and startups are managing their financial health, streamlining transactions, lowering barriers to entry and driving revenue through better digital experiences.

Technology→

Stay ahead of emerging technologies such as generative AI, AR/VR, wearables and more and how they are disrupting and shaping the future of business.

Complete Coverage Areas→

All of our research, data and insights covers a span of categories that are relevant for your key initiatives, from strategy, to planning and execution.

Here’s what our clients have to say.

Key decision-makers at the world’s leading brands share why they find EMARKETER research so critical to their operations.

See Our Testimonials

It can be hard to get clients to make a change. Forecast data from EMARKETER enables us to build confidence through data-backed strategies that help them align with industry trends and maximize the impact of their marketing investment.

Alexia George

Marketing Manager, Net Conversion

The data is rock solid. It’s well respected and it helps illustrate to clients what their peers are doing, and make the case for when and how they should be spending their budgets.

Lisa Lawrence

Vice President of Sales Operations, Digital Marketing Group

EMARKETER is my secret weapon. It’s one of the best sources for getting a foundational understanding of what is happening in media, where advertisers are spending dollars, where consumers are spending their time, and what’s projected to grow.

Marie Tsang

Portfolio Media Strategy Manager, PepsiCo

Data-backed analysis gives us the ability to come up with unique and differentiating viewpoints, driven by an informed perspective we’re not getting from other sources. Having EMARKETER in our stack helps us make all of our data more actionable.

Jennifer Schulties

Senior Vice President, Head of Media, Doner Media

Colgate-Palmolive engaged with EMARKETER to receive data and insights on digital commerce, digital media, predictions, regional trends and more. Their service provides facts and insights we use for reference and change management.

Brigitte King

Global Chief Digital Officer, Colgate-Palmolive

EMARKETER’s PRO+ Forecasts tool has improved my advertising strategy development and credibility. It provides a multifaceted view of market trends through rich, insightful narratives.

Todd Elbrink

Strategist, Veritone One

EMARKETER’s newly launched PRO+ forecast feature allows for ‘double clicks’ into the illustrated data, which provides further insights and contexts that often add texture to the overall analysis and story being told.

Dowoo Lee

VP, Integrated Media Strategy & Planning, DEPT Agency

There are very few places that I feel like I’m getting interesting information that might spark an idea or get me to rethink what we’re doing—and EMARKETER is one of them.

Ann Lewnes

Executive Vice President and CMO, Adobe

I’m constantly going into the database to look up the macro numbers, constantly benchmarking and asking, ‘At what pace does EMARKETER think things are going to grow?’

Jeff Green

CEO and Co-Founder, The Trade Desk

EMARKETER is a valuable resource that helps us navigate our customers’ changing landscape and understand their evolving needs.

Stan Pavlovsky

CEO, Shutterstock

Become a client.

Find out how EMARKETER research, data and insights empowers you to make informed strategic decisions for your company and teams.

Become a Client Plans & Pricing
Call Us: + 1-800-405-0844

Rigorously sourced and vetted data

Proprietary and transparent, research methodology

Timely, insightful and unbiased analysis

Citable and reusable charts, insights, forecasts and datasets

External credibility and validation for projects and initiatives

Coverage Areas →
Advertising & Marketing
Ad Spending
Media
Social Media
Video
Browse All →
Health
Digital Health
Healthcare Providers
Mobile Health
Telehealth
Browse All →
Ecommerce & Retail
Consumer Behavior
Coupons
Loyalty
Browse All →
Technology
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Cybersecurity
Internet of Things (IoT)
Mobile
Browse All →
Financial Services
Banking
Insurance
Payments
Wealth & Asset Management
Browse All →
More Topics
Automotive
Sports
Telecom
Travel
Browse All →
Geographies
Asia-Pacific
Central & Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East & Africa
North America
Western Europe
EMARKETER
Home
Research Topics
Forecasts
About Us
Careers
Data Partnerships
Media Services
Advertising Opportunities
Newsroom
Events
Free Content
Newsletters
Articles
Podcasts
Contact Us →
Worldwide HQ

One Liberty Plaza
9th Floor
New York, NY 10006
1-800-405-0844

Sales Inquiries

1-800-405-0844
sales@emarketer.com

* Copyright © 2025 EMARKETER Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy PolicyYour Privacy ChoicesTerms of ServiceSitemap