Content Creation: Best Presentations, eCards & More | emaze Skip to content Products Solutions Features Resources Pricing Contact Sales Log In Log in Sign up for free > Visit App > Automaze Create beautiful content instantly Presentations WOW your audience Websites Design stunning creations in minutes Photo Albums Immortalize your memories Blogs Share your thoughts and stories with the world eCards Great for life’s special moments Training Drive personal and professional growth Digital Business Cards Discover the future of networking Surveys Start collecting valuable responses Industries Automotive Improve showroom attendance and boost car sales Real Estate​ Simplify real estate sales Coming Soon​ Hotels and Event Venues Make the venue booking process a breeze Coming Soon​ Business Sales Teams Increase funnel conversions and deal closures​ Education Libraries & Academic Institutions Boost library reach and simplify creation for users Digital Learning Create impactful educational content Coming Soon​ Learn Knowledge Base All the answers you need at your fingertips Case Studies Industry stories that inspire and educate Inspiration Explore Page Discover a treasure trove of inspiration Blog Explore articles and valuable insights Featured Article​ Simplifying Scrapbooking: Digital Photo Albums With Automaze​ Productivity Tools Analytics Discover the power of insights Forms Gather necessary information easily Digital Asset Manager Easily ensure brand consistency across all projects Collaborative Solutions Collaboration Connect, create, and reach new heights together Groups & Custom Dashboard​ Simplify content sharing Related Articles Turning Insights Into Action With Emaze Analytics High-quality content creation in minutes Create anything with our professionally designed templates and the help of AI. What would you like to create today? Presentations Websites Photo Albums eCards Business Cards Blogs Training Surveys Automaze Presentations Websites Photo Albums eCards Business Cards Blogs Training Surveys Automaze Work Smarter, Not Harder Say goodbye to tedious work – let AI quickly craft customized content at your command. Create your own projects or generate branded content at scale Get that wow factor with professionally designed templates Get Started > Work Smarter, Not Harder Say goodbye to tedious work – let AI quickly craft customized content at your command. Create your own projects or generate branded content at scale Get that wow factor with professionally designed templates Get Started > Our Community Million users 0 + Million emazing creations 0 + Million viewers 0 + What amazing things will you create? Creativity and success are yours for the taking. Presentations Websites Photo Albums eCards Digital Business Cards Blogs Training Surveys Presentations Transform your ideas into a captivating slideshow. Try it out and discover why emaze is considered one of the best presentation websites. Learn More > Websites Design a beautiful DIY website, no coding skills required! Make the website your own by adding compelling text, engaging media, and interactive elements. Learn More > Photo Albums​ Craft a digital masterpiece that beautifully captures life’s greatest moments and tells your story. Explore our selection of templates for every occasion. Learn More > eCards Show your appreciation for those you care about with unique cards that can be personalized with your own photos, text, and images. Learn More > Digital Business Cards ​ Elevate your personal and professional presence. Conveniently share your contact information and branded content in a stylish way. Learn More > Blogs Make your voice heard with the blog that you always wanted but never had the time to create. Find the perfect template for your content creation needs. Learn More > Training​ Simplify training for employers and teachers. Help trainees develop new skills and reach new heights with our innovative teaching tools . Learn More > Surveys Go further with your decision-making process and gain valuable insights by effortlessly collecting, analyzing, and then making data-driven decisions. Learn More > What can we do for you? Our platform is tailored to cater to your specific needs whether you’re a marketer, teacher, or just want to try out content creation for fun! Education Business Personal Use Libraries and Academic Institutions Education Reshape education as we know it today with our powerful teaching tools and spark a lifelong passion for learning. Inspire curiosity, nurture creativity, and motivate success with our solutions for education. Business Improve your process for creating and managing incredible branded content, and rise above the competition in the fiercely competitive market. Learn More > Personal Use Set your imagination free with one of the best presentation websites (and that’s just a small part of what we offer). Play around with our diverse tools and effects, allowing you to breathe life into your visions. Libraries and Academic Institutions Leave boring lectures behind and welcome interactive teaching tools with open arms. Turn classrooms and libraries into spaces where curiosity thrives and students are inspired to explore and excel. Learn More > For all verticals Emaze’s sales tools deliver remarkable improvements across all industries, strengthening your sales and every step of the journey. Automotive Real Estate Hotels and Event Venues Accelerate your automotive sales potential with our unparalleled business solution. Automaze is built to accompany users throughout the funnel, from scheduling meetings and coordinating test drives with qualified leads, to pricing offers, digital payments, model comparison, and customer feedback opportunities. Use analytics to get an overview of the entire process, and then drill down into the parts that matter most. Read More  > Simplify your day-to-day tasks while helping guide users through the customer funnel with efficiency and flair. Automaze helps throughout the process, from scheduling property meetings and sending timely reminders for viewings, to delivering sales summaries, rich media, comprehensive analytics, and more. After the deal closes, encourage customers to share their feedback through reviews and satisfaction surveys. Schedule a Demo  > From the initial interaction with a prospect until the deal has closed with your qualified leads , captivate at every stage of the sales funnel while reducing your workload. Anything is possible with Automaze – from setting up venue viewings, designing and disseminating adaptable forms, sharing interactive content showcasing the location’s unique attributes, and more. Everything is mobile-friendly, and you can generate reports and analytics in no time. Schedule a Demo  > Ready-made templates beyond your wildest dreams Use our beautiful templates to create a DIY website , interactive presentations, and everything in between. Make it uniquely yours. Presentations Websites Photo Albums eCards Digital Business Cards Blogs Training Surveys Create Now > Take your content creation game to the next level. Take your content creation game to the next level. No credit card required! Try for Free > English English Español Português 简体中文 Nederlands Deutsch Français עִבְרִית Italiano العربية Русский Pricing Contact Us emaze.ai Products Automaze Presentations Websites Photo Albums Blogs eCards Training Digital Business Cards Survey Solutions Automotive Real Estate​ Hotels and Event Venues Sales Teams Libraries & Academia Education Features Analytics Groups & Custom Dashboard Collaboration Forms Digital Asset Manager Resources Knowledge Base Case Study Explore Page Blog © 2024 All rights reserved, emaze ​ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trust Center Linkedin Facebook-f Youtube Twitter Instagram