EmbedSocial - UGC Platform for GBP, Social Listening & Reviews × Search UGC & Reviews GBP & Local SEO Social Listening En English French Italian Portuguese Spanish Products GBP Manager Google business profile management for multi-location. GBP API Access GBP Dashboard GBP Business Hours Edit Google Reviews Management GBP Posts Scheduling Local SEO Rank Heatmaps AI Reviews Responder GBP Listings Reports UGC & Reviews Aggregator Embed social media and Google reviews widgets Social Media Aggregator Social Media Publishing Social Media Widgets Social Media API Social Commerce Widget Analytics Moderation SEO Snippet Social Listening Generate insights about mentions and social media conversations. Instagram Social Listening Tiktok Social Listening X Social Listening Threads Social Listening YouTube Social Listening Social Inbox Social Insights UGC Rights New: Bundle Complete platform for only $64/month. Explore Widgets Integrations ↗ Embed widgets in web builders WordPress Shopify Zapier Pagecloud Squarespace Webflow Weebly Duda Wix Free widgets ↗ Browse free widgets Free Instagram Stories Widget Free Instagram Feed Widget Free Social Media Aggregator Free Google Reviews Widget Reviews widgets ↗ Display social reviews Google Reviews Widget Google Reviews Badges Google Reviews Slider Google Reviews NFC Card Yelp Reviews Facebook Reviews Reviews Badges Email Reviews Import Reviews Shopify Reviews ‘Wall of Love’ Page Collect Reviews Forms Trustpilot Reviews Tripadvisor Reviews Feed widgets ↗ Display social media feeds Shoppable Widget Threads Feed LinkedIn Feed TikTok Feed Instagram Feed Instagram Stories Instagram Reels Instagram Hashtag Feed Facebook Feed Facebook Albums RSS Feed X Feed (Twitter) YouTube Feed YouTube Hashtag Feed YouTube Playlist Feed Vimeo Feed New: Widgets Templates Library Explore our new 130+ social media widgets library Explore Templates Instagram stories widgets ↗ Browse 10+ Instagram stories widgets Instagram Stories Shop Instagram Stories Slider Instagram Stories Popover Instagram Posts & Stories Slider Instagram Stories Autoplay Videos Facebook reviews widgets ↗ Browse 18 Facebook reviews widgets Facebook Reviews Grid Facebook Reviews Table Facebook Reviews Slider Facebook Wall of Love Social Media Recommendations Reviews feed templates  ↗ Browse 60+ reviews widgets Google Reviews AI Filters Google Reviews AI Summary Google Reviews Popup Google Reviews Grid Google Reviews Slider Google Reviews Photo Slider Google Reviews for Shops Shoppable Google Reviews Google Reviews Drawer Google Reviews Avatars Badge Dark Reviews Badge Leave a Review Button Google Reviews Wall of Love Social feed templates ↗ Browse 95+ Instagram widgets Instagram & Google Reviews TikTok Slider Instagram Collage Modern Facebook Feed Instagram Carousel Instagram Photo Grid Instagram Shop Feed Instagram Masonry Feed LinkedIn feed widgets ↗ Browse LinkedIn widgets LinkedIn Feed Slider LinkedIn Grid Widget Shoppable widgets ↗ Browse UGC shoppable widgets Shop The Look Instagram Widget ‘Shop My Feed’ Instagram Widget Instagram Stories Shop Widget Instagram + Google UGC Widget Google Reviews Shopify Widget Google Reviews Shoppable Slider Shoppable Instagram Widget with Product Cards Threads feed widgets ↗ Browse Threads widgets Threads Posts Slider Threads Feed Widget Pricing Resources 100+ Templates UGC & reviews widgets Success Stories Customer case studies Help Center Tutorials and FAQs Integrations Works with 99% of platforms. Tutorials How-to step-by-step guides Latest features Learn what’s new Request a feature Suggest new features Become a partner Join the agency program Blog Latest in social media Free tools Social media tools Social media terms Social media glossary About us Company profile Browse an extensive library of 100+ widget templates to embed social media feeds from all networks: LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, X, Google, and more. Log in 1-1 Demo Start free trial Stop spending hours designing UGC widgets Let our UGC platform build your perfect AI widgets in seconds. Loved by 300,000+ big and small brands. World-famous and local Start with a template . Let AI vibe coding design a custom widget for you or start with a pre-built template, including UGC widgets and social wall layouts: ● No coding. No design tools. ● Instantly built from your words. ● Auto-updates with new UGC. Social Wall Show all social media accounts on one page. Shoppable UGC Embed a shoppable widget in video slider format. Google Reviews Carousel An entire social proof section for your website Social Slider UGC widget that autoplays your customers’ mentions. View all templates Build on-brand , high-converting AI widgets. Your user-generated content deserves better than static widgets, especially when showcasing UGC on your website. From static to alive in seconds Transform static widgets into animated, swipeable experiences, instantly. Perfect for product displays, UGC widgets, and more. This is UGC on a website that lives and breathes. Other tools fake your social proof. We don’t. EmbedSocial syncs real customer content onto your website so it converts better – straight from your UGC platform instead of fabricated sources. Official API integrations $ $$$+ .00 Without EmbedSocial AI-generated fake content Downloading TikToks manually Screenshotting reviews Dev tickets & sprints Weeks of back-and-forth Tools that only build new sites Waiting on designers Buy Now $ 29 .00 starting at With EmbedSocial Fresh, human UGC content (Key difference) Content synced automatically Live social feeds & social wall widgets Copy a single line of code Live on your website in minutes Works on your existing website Animate from a prompt Start free trial Unlike other AI tools that build websites, we build for your website. Book a demo now ! The only web design studio with UGC content Shoppable links Tag content with shoppable links and increase conversion rates instantly. Design themes Create a custom design based on your brand colors, language, and more. Ideas library Type or get suggestions with pre-defined prompts to create anything you think of. Get pre-built ideas to edit widgets faster. AI filtering and moderation AI relevance score Activate a relevance score that will tag each content piece for automatic moderation. Auto sync content Define filters and make sure the new content updates automatically. Hand pick Select which sources you want and handpick content for your widgets. UGC rights Automate the content request rights via DMs or comments. Product catalogs Sync products from Shopify, Google, Square or upload custom catalogs. Widget analytics Learn how website visitors interact with the widgets. Team members Invite team members or your clients to collaborate. Unlimited widgets Create multiple widgets from multiple social media platforms. ISO certified Enterprise ready and ISO-certified for data security. Start a free trial Book demo Start free trial. * All features inlcuded Is it hard to embed? No. You can embed your new section widget on any website, CMS, or web builder. Works with WordPress, Lovable, Bolt, Wix, Webflow, Duda, Shopify, custom React applications, and other custom code. Plus, it updates automatically. Auto updates One code paste Mobile native Explore integrations Frequently asked questions Everything you need to know about the EmbedSocial widgets. What types of widgets can I create with EmbedSocial? You can create a wide variety of website UGC widgets , including social media feeds (Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, etc.), reviews, testimonials, sliders, stories/reels carousels, social wall widgets, video galleries, and more. Can I moderate my social media feed? Yes. You can manage and moderate user-generated content with AI filters, manual approvals, keyword rules, and automated cleanup across every widget, including your Instagram widget, social wall, LinkedIn page widget, and all your vibe coding widgets. Can I use multiple social media accounts? Absolutely. Our social media aggregator can manage multiple social media accounts and content types (profiles, hashtags, mentions, etc.) and display these posts in a single social media widget or separate feeds, depending on your setup. Check our pricing plans and choose one that suits the number of sources you need. What social media platforms are available? You can pull and showcase content from Instagram, TikTok, Facebook, YouTube, Threads, LinkedIn, Google, X, Pinterest, and more — ideal for building cross-platform UGC widgets, social walls, or branded AI Widgets. What kind of UGC widgets do you provide? EmbedSocial offers around 130 different ready-to-go social media UGC widget templates , including grid feeds, carousels, reels/stories widgets, hashtag feeds, and product-tagged shoppable layouts — all customizable and auto-synced for effortless UGC on your website. Some of them are even customizable via text prompts! Can EmbedSocial update my widgets automatically? Yes. Widgets sync new user-generated content in real time, so your UGC widgets always stay fresh without manual updates. Can I customize my social media feed? Yes. Every EmbedSocial widget supports full customization — layouts, colors, spacing, fonts, filters, and advanced CSS — so your UGC blends seamlessly into your brand. You can even try out our AI UGC widgets, which you customize with text prompts. What is the price of EmbedSocial’s products? The pricing plans for EmbedSocial’s social aggregator tool start with $29/month and provide all PRO features available in the platform. Plus the platform provides one of the best, free user-generated content aggregators that you can start using with a branding banner and upgrade at any time to remove branding. Is EmbedSocial compatible with different web builders? EmbedSocial integrates and works with all major content management platforms and web builders, such as WordPress, Squarespace, PageCloud, Joomla, Wix, Weebly, Shopify, Magento, Open Cart, and all platforms that provide an option to embed third-party iframes or javascript codes. There is an Instagram feed plugin available. Plus, it supports vibe coding platforms like Bolt and Lovable. Does the feed widget stop working if I cancel? Yes, the UGC widget will stop syncing and showing on your website but you can come back and reactivate your account any time. Powerful features beyond widgets Social Listening Monitor brand mentions, track keywords, and stay ahead of conversations across platforms. Explore Now Social Publishing Plan and schedule your posts across multiple platforms from a single dashboard. Explore Now Social Inbox Manage all your social media messages, comments, and mentions from one unified inbox. Explore Now Platform UGC Software GBP Software GBP API Social Media Aggregator Social Media Publishing Social Listening Social Commerce Reviews Management Feedlink Integrations Alternatives Free Tools About Us Success Stories System Status Changelog Become a Partner English Italian Spanish French Portuguese Tutorials Embed Google Reviews Embed Instagram Stories Embed Instagram Reels Embed Instagram Hashtag Feed Embed Instagram Feed Embed Facebook Reviews Embed Facebook Feed Embed TikTok Feed Embed LinkedIn Feed Embed Pinterest Board Embed YouTube Shorts Embed YouTube Channel Embed Reviews in Shopify Embed Threads Feed Embed Facebook Reels Popular Widgets Google Reviews Widget Instagram Widget Instagram Shop Instagram Stories Facebook Widget TikTok Widget YouTube Widget Twitter Widget LinkedIn Widget Threads Widget Wall of Love Page Facebook Reviews Widget Google Reviews Slider Free Google Reviews Badge RSS Feed Widget Popular Templates Instagram Slider Widget Instagram Popup Widget TikTok Feed Widget Facebook Reels Slider Instagram UGC Shop YouTube Playlist Widget Social Media Wall YouTube Shorts Widget Reviews Widget Templates Google Carousel Widget Google Reviews Popup Google Reviews Wall of Love Shoppable Google Reviews Widget Testimonial Avatars Widget 60+ Reviews Widgets ↗ © EmbedSocial 2024 All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of use | We use cookies to personalize your experience. Cookie Settings Accept Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description APPSESSID App session id cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". Session This is the session id used to login for our services. viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept