EMBO Press | Home Skip to main content Log in Menu Find a journal Publish with us Track your research Search Cart Home EMBO Press EMBO Press menu Home About Editorial policies Updates Home About Editorial policies Updates Excellence in life sciences publishing EMBO Press champions excellence across the life sciences by publishing influential, open access research and commentary for a global audience. We lead in open science, ensuring transparency, data integrity, and reproducibility. With professional scientific editors supporting authors at every step, we make publishing efficient, fair, and informed - sharing trusted discoveries worldwide and advancing science with the quality and credibility of the EMBO name. EMBO Press menu Home About Editorial policies Updates Home About Editorial policies Updates Journals Journal The EMBO Journal Launched in 1982, The EMBO Journal is EMBO’s flagship publication, recognised worldwide for its originality, breadth, and enduring contributions to molecular biology. Publishing model Open access Downloads 4.9M (2024) Submission to first decision (median) 4 days Journal EMBO Reports EMBO Reports stands for scientific quality beyond narrow definitions of novelty and impact, with a scope that embraces the biosciences from biophysics to ecology. Publishing model Open access Downloads 2.8M (2024) Submission to first decision (median) 4 days Journal EMBO Molecular Medicine EMBO Molecular Medicine is a leading open access journal in the field of experimental medicine, advancing translational and biomedical research discoveries worldwide. Publishing model Open access Downloads 1.5M (2024) Submission to first decision (median) 3 days Journal Molecular Systems Biology Since its 2005 launch as one of the first open access journals, Molecular Systems Biology has played a pioneering role in establishing and shaping the field of systems biology,... Publishing model Open access Downloads 1.1M (2024) Submission to first decision (median) 2 days Featured editors Facundo D. Batista Chief Editor The EMBO Journal Dr. Facundo Batista, Ragon Professor at Harvard, is a global leader in immunology whose research in B-cell biology and vaccine innovation is shaping the future of science and global health. M. Madan Babu Chief Editor Molecular Systems Biology Dr. Madan Babu, Director at St. Jude’s Center of Excellence, is a computational biologist recognised for innovative work in regulatory genomics and systems biology, advancing understanding of cellular regulation and evolution of organisms. Philippe Sansonetti Chief Editor EMBO Molecular Medicine Dr. Philippe Sansonetti, Professor at the Collège de France, is a leading microbiologist whose groundbreaking work on Shigella has redefined infectious disease research and earned global scientific recognition. Collections Collection Cancer & Metastasis This collection of EMBO press articles invites you to explore exciting recent findings related to the biology of cancer and metastatic... Collection Aging & Senescence This collection of EMBO press articles invites you to explore exciting recent findings related to the biology of aging and cellular senescence. Collection RNA Review Series This series of review articles published in The EMBO Journal during 2023 and 2024 covers a wide range of RNA-centric areas, highlighting the... View all EMBO Press collections Recent articles Actin waves guide an outward movement of microclusters in the lymphocyte immunological synapse Aheria Dey Samuel Z Khiangte Sudha Kumari in EMBO Reports Report Open access 22 December 2025 3′UTR shortening alleviates miRNA repression of mRNAs critical for muscle stem cell differentiation Yi Zhu Jianshu Wang Hong Cheng in The EMBO Journal Article Open access 22 December 2025 Multimodal AI agents for capturing and sharing proteomics laboratory practice Patricia Skowronek Anant Nawalgaria Matthias Mann in Molecular Systems Biology Correspondence Open access 15 December 2025 Repurposing statins and phenothiazines to treat chemoresistant neuroblastoma Katarzyna Radke Kristina Aaltonen Daniel Bexell in EMBO Molecular Medicine Article Open access 23 December 2025 View all EMBO Press articles Latest updates Update Highlight your published article with a video synopsis We invite authors to create short video animations that summarise key findings of their work as a way to further engage with the research community. We publish these ‘video synopses’ on our YouTube channel and promote them on our journal social media accounts at the time of article publication. For more information please contact the editor who handled your manuscript. Update Video calls with EMBO Press editors Our scientific editors are available for video calls at any time. Whether to discuss the suitability of a manuscript in development, receive advice on a manuscript that is ‘stuck’ at another journal or more generally about scientific publishing and life as an editor, our team is available. Submit your request and we’ll respond with available appointments. Update Transparent finances - the costs of scientific publishing EMBO and EMBO Press are making their journals’ finances public to provide transparency and clarity about what it costs to publish articles in high quality, selective journals. View all EMBO Press updates Follow EMBO Press EMBO Press on BlueSky EMBO Journal on BlueSky EMBO Reports on BlueSky EMBO Molecular Medicine on BlueSky Molecular Systems Biology on BlueSky Brand navigation Home Home About About Editorial policies Editorial policies Updates Updates Search Search by keyword or author Search Navigation Find a journal Publish with us Track your research Discover content Journals A-Z Books A-Z Publish with us Journal finder Publish your research Language editing Open access publishing Products and services Our products Librarians Societies Partners and advertisers Our brands Springer Nature Portfolio BMC Palgrave Macmillan Apress Discover Your privacy choices/Manage cookies Your US state privacy rights Accessibility statement Terms and conditions Privacy policy Help and support Legal notice Cancel contracts here 221.138.189.189 Not affiliated © 2025 Springer Nature