Emby - The open media solution <style> .wpb_animate_when_almost_visible { opacity: 1; }</style> Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr GitHub RSS EMBY Just type and press 'enter' ✕ ABOUT BLOG DOWNLOAD EMBY PREMIERE SIGN IN SUPPORT TAKE YOUR MEDIA ANYWHERE WITH EMBY LEARN MORE Your personal media on any device Bringing all of your home videos, music, and photos together into one place has never been easier. Your personal Emby Server automatically converts and streams your media on-the-fly to play on any device. Features Download MAKE YOUR MEDIA EASY Easy Access Emby Connect makes it easy to enjoy your personal media while away from home. No more fumbling with IP addresses. Just sign in and play. Live TV Stream Live TV to any device, manage your DVR, and enjoy your library of recordings. Manage Your Home Easily control content access for your children. Monitor and remote control their sessions as you need to. How it Works Install the Server Get started with our user friendly startup wizard. Download Apps Emby apps are available for all of your favorite devices. Enjoy Your Personal Media Dive in and explore your media like never before. STOP STRUGGLING. START ENJOYING. Emby takes the fuss out of managing your home videos, music, and photos, so that you can spend more time enjoying and less time struggling. Automatic Organization Emby organizes your personal media into rich, beautiful displays. Stay Notified Emby will automatically notify you of server activity based on events and actions that are important to you. Emby Apps Parental Controls DLNA Emby Apps Enjoy Emby from anywhere! Sit back and enjoy Emby on your TV. Apps for your TV are available for Android TV, Apple TV, Google TV, Amazon Fire TV, Roku, LG Smart TV, Samsung Smart TV and more. Maybe you want to enjoy Emby on the go? You can use Emby on Android, iPhone, iPad, Android Auto, Apple CarPlay. Sometimes you want to access all of your media on your computer and Emby has you covered there as well. With apps for Windows, MacOS, Linux, browsers and more. Emby truly allows you to access your media your way! You can view all of our apps on our download page . Parental Controls Specify parental restrictions for users, create access schedules, time limits, and more. DLNA Emby automatically detects Dlna devices on your network so that you can easily send content, remote control, and more. Try Emby Premiere Purchase Emby Premiere and receive additional bonus features such as Cover Art, Mobile Sync, Cloud Sync, and free Android apps. Tell Me More Welcome to the Community Join the best group of media enthusiasts around and share your experiences with us. We’re all working together to make our media more fun! Visit the Community © 2024 Emby LLC Emby is designed to help you manage your personal media library, such as home videos and photos.  Please see our terms of use and privacy policy .  Downloading any Emby software constitutes acceptance of these terms.