Emerson College, Undergraduate & Graduate Programs in Boston Skip to Main Content Toggle Alert Menu Instagram Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Become a Creative Force For the Future Be a Creative Force In the News Become a Creative Force for Connection Become a Creative Force in Your Community Become a Creative Force for the Arts Become a Creative Force in Communication Become a Creative Force at Emerson Emerson College Majors & Programs Majors & Programs Around the World Around the World Emerson Life Emerson Life Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Apply Visit Contact Give Menu Emerson College Become an Emersonian Ignite your passion for the arts, communication, and media at Emerson College. Apply Now Emerson News HowlRound Theatre Commons Announces Move to Independent Operations and Leadership Transition This Is How You Make a Music Video Emerson-Penguin Random House Mentor Program Provides Students With Critical Skills, Careers in High-Growth Publishing Industry More news on Emerson Today Emerson alumni are power players in the NBA. Read more about the pipeline that Emerson built The cover story in the latest issue of Emerson's alumni magazine features the unexpected number of GMs, coaches, and leaders in the NBA who got their start at Emerson. “Emerson has given me the chance to work with and learn from some of the most dedicated and lovely humans. I know I have built friendships and connections that will last a lifetime.” —Lucas Babcock ’23 Watch on YouTube: Discover Emerson College The Road to Emerson Find Your Program What Makes an Emersonian Visit Emerson Play Pause Independent minds and daring ideas thrive at Emerson, with our array of arts-focused programs of study and extracurriculars. Explore Emerson’s School of Arts & Interdisciplinary Studies Emerson students perform at the EVVY Awards, the largest student-run awards show in the United States. Arts and Culture at Emerson Emerson Stage: Experience the Next Generation of Performers Discover Boston’s UnCommon Radio, WERS Alumni Stories: Serino ’24 Stars in Broadway’s ‘Harry Potter and the Cursed Child’ Build connections and change the world when you study communication at Emerson. Explore Emerson’s School of Communication Emerson offers countless opportunities to learn, study, and work in the field of communication. Leaders in Communication Meet The Robbins Center, Emerson’s Clinical Training Facility for Communication Disorders Get Involved: Communications, Politics, and Law Society (CPLA) Emerson Polling: 25 Years of Surveying Public Opinion Majors & Programs Around the World Top links Admissions & Aid About Emerson Support Emerson Instagram Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Boston Tap here for Boston contact information Address 120 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02116 Telephone 617-824-8500 Los Angeles Tap here for Los Angeles contact information Address 5960 W. Sunset Boulevard Los Angeles, CA 90028 Telephone 323-952-6411 The Netherlands Tap here for The Netherlands contact information Address Kasteellaan 20 5855 AE, Well Telephone 011-31-478-507-117 Notice of Non-Discrimination: Emerson College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, ethnicity, sex (under Title IX), pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, including transgender identity, religion, disability, age, genetics, active military or veteran status and any other characteristics protected under applicable federal or Massachusetts law in the administration of its educational or employment practices, programs or activities. Any concerns regarding discrimination, harassment or sexual violence should be reported to the Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO) . The Associate Vice-President of Equal Opportunity and Compliance serves as the Title IX, Title VI, and ADA/Section 504 Coordinator for Emerson College. For more information, please see the Emerson Policy Against Discrimination, Harassment & Sexual Violence . © Emerson College 2025 Emerson College Accessibility Privacy Offices & Departments Faculty & Staff Directory Work at Emerson Search Submit Search Faculty & Staff Directory Offices & Departments Majors & Programs Majors & Programs Around the World Around the World Emerson Life Emerson Life Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Search Submit Search Faculty & Staff Directory Offices & Departments Apply Visit Contact Give Information For... For Current Students For Parents For Faculty For Staff For the Media About Emerson Support Emerson Academics Community, Culture, & Belonging News & Events Athletics Alumni Close Menu