We are a global publisher | Emerald Publishing Skip to main content Utility Menu SEARCH Get in touch Mega Menu Publish with us Journals Find a journal Calls for papers Emerald ICE Publishing journals Emerald Publishing Services Open access journals How-to guides Books or series Find a book Find a book series Calls for books Get ready to publish a book Prepare your manuscript Open access books Case studies Find a case study Calls for papers Case study competitions Submit your case study Teaching with cases Emerald cases hub Open research New fully open access journals Choose your open access route Open access publishing agreements Author policies Author rights Author services Editorial & originality Permissions Article withdrawal & correction Open research policies Transparent price setting Ethics & integrity Publishing ethics Research integrity DORA UN SDG Publishers Compact Our subject areas Open access Our subject areas Open access Explore our content Journals Find a journal eJournal collections Journals on Emerald Insight Transparent price setting Books Find a book Our eBooks Bookseller resources Books on Emerald Insight Case studies Emerald cases hub Cases collections Cases on Emerald Insight ICE Publishing Find a book Find a journal ICE Publishing collections Explore ICE content on Emerald Insight Foundations and Trends® Find a journal Foundations and Trends® collections Explore Foundations and Trends® on Emerald Insight Our subject areas See all subjects Fairer society Healthier lives Responsible management Quality education for all Sustainable structures and infrastructures Collection and access options Open research at Emerald Collection and access options Open research at Emerald Discover our services Authors Manuscript transfer service Publish open access Calls for papers Promote your work Cases learning hub Manuscript services Librarians Explore our content Promote your resources Librarian toolkit Researchers Find a journal Publish open access Prepare your book manuscript Reviewers The peer review process Become a reviewer Reviewer guidelines Editors Book & book series editors Journal editors Publishing ethics guidelines Other services Impact services Reprints Translation rights Permissions Licensing Emerald Publishing Services Emerald Publishing Services How to For researchers Prepare a proposal for a degree Research methods Observation Data & analysis Study skills For authors & editors Use the Harvard reference system Write an article abstract Write a teaching note More guides For librarians Promote your resources Librarian toolkit Library administrator resources Resources for discovery Using Emerald Insight For reviewers Peer review hub Becoming a peer reviewer Peer review key principles Best practice for reviewers Who we are About us Start a new chapter with us Get in touch Leadership Real impact case studies Emerald service charter What our community thinks about us Our stance Research impact Acting responsibly Equity & participation DORA SDG Publishers Compact How we're doing Our goals Fairer society Healthier lives Responsible management Quality education for all Sustainable structures and infrastructures Awards Real impact awards Interdisciplinary research fund Literati awards Literati lookback Outstanding doctoral research Regional awards News & views News & press releases Opinion & blog Podcasts Thought leadership Our global community Emerald brand ambassadors Start a new chapter with us Environment & sustainability Start a new chapter with us Environment & sustainability menu #DefendResearch As research and higher education face unprecedented challenges due to geopolitical instability, will you stand with us and thousands more in support of #DefendResearch ? I'm an author an editor a librarian a researcher a reviewer and I need to - Go Research that makes a difference We publish mission led social science research that tackles key societal challenges aligned with the UN SDGs. In doing so we work with academics who collaborate across disciplines & countries, and with industry and government, to publish research that influences thinking, changes policies, and positively makes a difference to lives beyond the walls of academia. Our goals Education under threat: Is innovation the key to resilience? View our free to access research, author insights and more from our Quality Education for All mission campaign that explores how innovation can serve as a powerful tool to counter emerging threats and strengthen the resilience and equity of education systems worldwide during times of uncertainty. https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/education-under-threat-innovation-key-re… https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/education-under-threat-innovation-key-re… Can we build a future we can't predict? Rethinking infrastructure in an age of deep uncertainty View our free to access research, author insights and more from our Sustainable Structures and Infrastructures mission campaign that explores how adaptive design, resilience thinking, scenario planning, and nature-based solutions are being embraced to prepare the built environment for a future of uncertainty. https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/our-goals/sustainable-structures-and-inf… https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/our-goals/sustainable-structures-and-inf… Tech trends in healthcare: Better care or bigger risk? View our free to access research, author insights and more from our Healthier Lives mission campaign that explores how advances in technology are reshaping the future of healthcare, the delivery of services and the preparation of its workforce. https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/tech-trends-healthcare-better-care-or-bi… https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/tech-trends-healthcare-better-care-or-bi… Responsible management: The key to zero hunger? View our free to access research, author insights and more from our latest Responsible Management mission campaign that explores the need for sustainable and inclusive practices across our food systems in addressing the global challenge of food insecurity. https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/responsible-management-key-zero-hunger https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/responsible-management-key-zero-hunger Should billionaires exist? Addressing unequal growth and wealth inequality View our free to access research, author insights and more from our latest Fairer Society mission campaign that explores the impact billionaires have within society, and whether extremely wealth individuals help or hinder with addressing the challenges of unequal growth and wealth inequality. https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/our-goals/fairer-society/should-billiona… https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/our-goals/fairer-society/should-billiona… Responsible publishing report We've published our first Responsible Publishing Report, which highlights the progress we’re making toward our goals but also acknowledges how much more there is to achieve. Responsible publishing report Responsible publishing report Accelerating action For International Women's Day 2025, we're accelerating action for women in leadership as well as continuing to embed equality in our approach to business, as well as our commitment to colleagues. Accelerating action Accelerating action Tech trends in teaching and learning View our free to access research, author insights and more in our latest mission campaign, exploring how new technologies are shaping the future of teaching and learning in education. /our-goals/quality-education-for-all/tech-trends-teaching-and-learning /our-goals/quality-education-for-all/tech-trends-teaching-and-learning The Open Lab We’ve kicked off a new project called The Open Lab dedicated to exploring open access models. Its focus is on developing globally sustainable, equitable models of access and participation. Stay tuned as we’ll be sharing our findings along the way. /opinion-and-blog/introducing-open-lab /opinion-and-blog/introducing-open-lab Gender equality: What’s taking us so long? Issues like poverty, education, and global health contribute to gender imbalance. But what are the root causes and how can we accelerate the activity that will have a real impact and bring us closer to global equality? /our-goals/responsible-management/gender-equality-whats-taking-us-so-long /our-goals/responsible-management/gender-equality-whats-taking-us-so-long New fully open access journals Introducing four open access journals, each one aligned to one or more UN Sustainable Development Goals, helping to accelerate progress and transform our world. /our-open-access-programme-addressing-un-sustainable-development-goals /our-open-access-programme-addressing-un-sustainable-development-goals International Literacy Day We believe literacy is a human right. We’re committed to sharing knowledge that can spark ideas for transforming literacy spaces so that everyone, regardless of their location, has the opportunity to learn literacy skills. /international-literacy-day /international-literacy-day Indigenous voices We know academic research has an important role in bringing about a more inclusive society, so we are working towards greater equity, diversity and inclusion (EDI) in everything we do. https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/power-of-diverse-voices/indigenous-voices https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/power-of-diverse-voices/indigenous-voices Are you in? Now more than ever, we need research to help solve some of the greatest challenges of our times. Let's work together to make real change happen. /are-you-in /are-you-in The power of diverse voices Find out more about what we are doing to #breakthebias and address gender inequality as we strive for equal representation in all our publishing practices. /power-of-diverse-voices /power-of-diverse-voices Time for change report Our third global academic culture survey gathered views on change during July and August 2021; more than 2,000 academics, librarians and students within Emerald’s literati community participated. /time-for-change /time-for-change Break the norm Social and economic inequalities are widening due to COVID-19. To build a fairer and more equitable world we need to tackle these disparities, and bring together thinking across disciplines and sectors to solve real world challenges. Find out more Find out more Closing the impact gap Discover the views of 1,500 academics on the future of research outputs in our global report. We look at how research outputs might develop in the future to advance accessibility, learning and real-world impact. /closing-the-impact-gap /closing-the-impact-gap Prev Next Important note for authors: phishing scams Emerald Publishing acquires now publishers Global academic publisher Emerald Publishing Limited has today acquired now publishers. Founded in 2004, now publishers is a leading source of academic content, publishing research monographs, journals and Foundations and Trends® (FnT) with strengths in the areas of Business, Economics, Computer Science and Engineering. The sale comprises over 50 books, 14 peer-reviewed journals and 28 Foundations and Trends® serials. More on the now publishers acquisition Emerald Publishing acquires Information Age Publishing Emerald Publishing Limited has acquired Information Age Publishing (IAP). Publishing academic book series, monographs and journals with particular strengths in the areas of Education, Management and Psychology, IAP expands Emerald's portfolio of high-quality academic resources, and significantly enhances Emerald's author footprint in North America. More on the IAP acquisition Press release Emerald listed in the Times Top 50 Employers for Gender Equality 2024 Emerald Publishing is recognised as one of only 50 businesses that made this year's Times Top 50 Employers for Gender Equality list. Being listed in the Times Top 50 is a clear indication that an organisation is committed to gender equality in the workplace and believes it is on a continuous improvement journey, learning year-on-year, and maintaining or improving its gender equality policies and activities through good measurement and management. Read our Times Top 50 announcement press release Emerald Publishing Ltd acquires ICE Publishing portfolio Following an extensive strategic review of its business, Thomas Telford Limited (TTL), the commercial arm of the Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE) has today sold the majority of TTL’s book catalogue (excluding the NEC Guides) and all journal titles and related publishing assets to Emerald Publishing Limited. Find out more on the ICEP acquisition Important note for authors: phishing scams We have recently become aware of several impersonating websites that are attempting to contact our authors and mimic our websites. These fraudulent sites may look similar to ours but are not affiliated with us in any way so please take care particularly if you are being asked to provide any payment or financial details. To ensure your safety and protect your personal information, please take the following precautions: Verify the URL: Always check the website address to ensure you are on our official websites ( https://www.emerald.com , https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com , https://bookstore.emerald.com , https://www.icevirtuallibrary.com ). Contact us if unsure: If you have any doubts about the authenticity of a website, please do not hesitate to reach out to your usual Emerald contact . Access content on Emerald Insight Through a range of collection and access models, you can choose how you access our content. emerald.com/insight We have collection and access models to suit your content needs and budget. Get access for your organisation, find out about our flexible access options or buy individual print and digital books. Find out more What we do Emerald Publishing is one of the world's leading digital-first publishers, commissioning, curating and showcasing research that can make a real difference. We're passionate about leading change, and align everything we do with the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals. Discover more about us Creating impactful content Journals, books, and case studies https://www.emerald.com/insight/ https://www.emerald.com/insight/ Challenging conventional thinking We equip decision-makers to make smarter choices https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/about https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/about Leading in social sciences Research that brings about positive change https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/about/our-stance/case-studies-impact-cas… https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/about/our-stance/case-studies-impact-cas… Open to all New ways to make research more discoverable https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/products/open-research-emerald https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/products/open-research-emerald Proud to be winners Academic, Educational & Professional Publisher of the Year award 2019 https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/about/our-awards https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/about/our-awards Prev Next In a changing world research is a fundamental part of informing decision making and empowering real change. At Emerald we're all guided by one thing which is to find and share research which challenges, disrupts and changes the world - little by little - for the better Vicky Williams - CEO, Emerald Publishing Blog How can we make editorial boards more diverse? ' The bottom line – most editorial boards, including our own, aren’t diverse enough. There aren’t necessarily any quick fixes that will make editorial boards more diverse, but we must move forward regardless and mostly through less talk and more action .' Sally Wilson, VP Publishing at Emerald, shares the steps we are taking to break biases on editorial boards. Read the article Latest news News and Press Releases Emerald Publishing’s ‘Making Equal’ charts a path to tackle UK inequality ‘Making Equal: New Visions for Prosperity in the UK’, unites the visions of senior figures across politics, academia and the voluntary sector to… 21st October 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald Publishing partners with Cactus Communications to enable infographic purchases via ChronosHub Emerald Publishing has announced a partnership with Cactus Communications (CACTUS), a leading technology company specialising in AI and expert… 21st October 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald’s Amy Jones recognised at the 2025 CIO 100 Awards 8th October 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald Publishing announced as one of the 2025 Global Top 100 Inspiring Workplaces The global academic publisher has been recognised alongside organisations like Sony Music UK, Butlin’s and NHS Business Services Authority. 4th September 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald Publishing’s titles now available via GOBI Emerald Publishing’s titles are now available through EBSCO’s GOBI Library Solutions, one of the most widely used book acquisition and collection… 27th August 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald’s Amy Jones to speak at CIO Summit UK Emerald’s Chief Transformation Officer, Amy Jones, will take part in a panel discussion on “Tech, Turmoil… 14th August 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald CEO Vicky Williams talks leadership, challenges, and change on Midnight at the Casablanca In prioritising accessibility and sustainability, the upgraded Emerald Insight will deliver a more intuitive and inclusive user experience. 6th August 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald Publishing launches new Emerald Insight platform In prioritising accessibility and sustainability, the upgraded Emerald Insight will deliver a more intuitive and inclusive user experience. 22nd July 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald competes in Dragon Boat race to raise funds for BookTrust Two teams from Emerald in the UK competed in the race at Bradford’s Dragon Boat Festival. 30th June 2025 Click here News and Press Releases Emerald Publishing announced as one of The Times Top 50 Employers for Gender Equality 2025 The global academic publisher has been recognised for its commitment to gender equality for the second year running. 24th June 2025 Click here Prev Next Footer Emerald Insight Bookstore About Emerald Contact us Our awards Our leadership team Work with us Sitemap Our services Authors Editors Librarians Researchers Reviewers Policies & information Privacy Modern Slavery Act Accessibility © 2025 Emerald Publishing Limited. All rights reserved, including rights for text and data mining, artificial intelligence training and similar technologies.