Home - eMoney Advisor Skip to content Open main menu Why eMoney? Why eMoney? Planning Client Portal Aggregation Advisor Analytics Integrations Products Products Plus Pro Premier Enterprise About About Leadership Careers Contact 25 Years Services and Support Resources Resources Case Studies News Webinars Blog Summit Log In Free Trial Search eMoney Search eMoney Why eMoney? Back Why eMoney? Planning Client Portal Aggregation Advisor Analytics Integrations Products Back Products Plus Pro Premier Enterprise About Back About Leadership Careers Contact 25 Years Services and Support Resources Back Resources Case Studies News Webinars Blog Summit Log In Planning for Every Possibility See why 100,000+ financial professionals choose eMoney. Get Started Our extensive financial planning solutions empower you and your clients to take action, see impact, and celebrate wins, together. Because you want to Help your clients reach their goals Allow your clients to actively partner with you on their planning. With eMoney, you can easily organize your clients’ data and map out the road to their goals, all while stress testing for risks. 94% of advisors improved client engagement through eMoney. Because you want to Improve efficiency Save time and money with one centralized product. Whether it’s generating reports, updating plans, or reviewing client assets—make quick adjustments, speed up data entry, and increase accuracy with eMoney’s financial planning software. 90% of users reported improved business process and efficiency with eMoney. Because you want to Build stronger client relationships Deepen your relationships by better engaging clients through interactive financial planning tools that build confidence and lead to more productive discussions. 94% of users reported improved client satisfaction with eMoney. Because you want to Increase your level of service Create visualizations of complex topics to answer ‘what-ifs’ and provide clients with a clearer view of the future. 80% of eMoney users report increased ability to attract new clients through the interactive, engaging experience. Achieve your goals and theirs with eMoney We’re here to help you build the plan your clients need, regardless of their financial situations. Get Started When I started, my clients were mainly concerned about cash flow. But in just a few years, their financial situations became much more complex, and eMoney could handle that evolution.” Eric Roberge, CFP® Beyond Your Hammock Read Case Study Product Capabilities Monte Carlo Analysis Leverage the ability to plan for every possibility and eventuality. Account Aggregation Bring together all of your client’s financial information to see it all in one place. Client Portal Build an always-on connection to your clients between meetings, with 24/7/365 access to important updates and documents. Decision Center Deliver an interactive experience that will uncover the needs and potential pitfalls for every type of client. Plan Summary Develop a personalized and custom experience that scales with you and your clients’ needs. Plus A streamlined, goals-based financial planning solution for building more planning relationships and delivering more plans to more clients. Pro The most comprehensive cash flow-based financial planning solution for addressing clients’ most complex planning needs. Premier Goals-based and cash flow planning tools in a single platform that enables planning for all clients regardless of financial situations. Enterprise Lean on our 20+ years of experience delivering planning-led solutions to financial institutions of all sizes and take your planning business to the next level. VIEW ALL PRODUCTS Best practices and thoughtful insights for financial planning professionals Resource Center Feature Using Data to Evolve Your Client Relationships Case Studies How Expanding from Tax to Holistic Planning Led to 3000% Growth Case Studies 400% Revenue Growth with eMoney Case Studies Long-time eMoney Users Continue to Expand Planning Services See what’s possible with eMoney Are you searching for a solution that enables the deep analysis and comprehensive planning functionality necessary to serve the complex needs of your current and future clients? Request a Demo *All statistics on this page are from eMoney, ROI of eMoney Study, December 2023, n=701. About Us Leadership Careers Contact LinkedIn page X page Facebook page ADDRESS Four Radnor Corporate Center 100 Matsonford Rd., Suite 220 Radnor, PA 19087 ©2026 eMoney Advisor, LLC. Privacy Security Developer Site Code of Conduct Disclosure California Applicant Privacy Disclosures Cookie Settings