Enterprise AI Search made for Commerce - empathy.co About us Careers Academy Codes Products Empathy AI Resources Customers Partners Docs TRANSFORMATIONAL Search Made with Empathy Enterprise Medium Small All Empathy AI Privacy and sustainable AI Discover the machine AI made for humans Build AI Search you can trust GenAI with Factual Accuracy Enhance AI Search with Generative Prompts AI search Explainability Open Source LLMs and Empathy Pioneering AI & Keyword Search as a unified index Discover AI Search Trusted by over 3000 brands worldwide Read more customer stories As global leaders in privacy and consent, Visible Privacy empowers businesses to
        effortlessly navigate privacy regulations, achieve full compliance, and build lasting trust with their
        customers. Learn
        More What's new Don't lose track of any new milestone at Empathy.co, where progress unfolds every day. From breakthrough features and bold ideas to fresh blog posts and videos on ethical, human-centered AI in commerce search and discovery. 28. 11. 2025 IMC to configure the Related Prompts context With the new Related Prompt context settings tab from the IMC tool you can define how Empathy Platform generates conversational prompts. Adjust tone, intent, and context parameters so related‑prompt suggestions align with your brand voice and shopper scenarios. READ MORE 20. 11. 2025 Truman and the new era of sustainable, private AI discovery Read the full story behind the new Truman AI-powered search experience for Casa del Libro Truman brings private AI, sustainable cloud, and transparent design together to deliver context-aware, conversational recommendations. READ MORE 11. 11. 2025 New Conversational Search UI layer The Interactive Map in Empathy Platform Docs now shows two distinct interface layers: the Traditional Search UI and the new Conversational Search UI. The Conversational layer overlays a modern, natural-language search experience, offering intent-driven results and conversational flows. READ MORE 28. 10. 2025 AI Overview X Component Updated the Interface X Components UI Reference to introduce details on the AI module that features the new AI Overview X Component on the search user interface. This update includes all the props and slots needed to display AI Overview correctly across your commerce search frontside. READ MORE 24. 10. 2025 AI Overview The AI Overview features intent-aware summaries and curated product carousels that smoothly guide shoppers from their query to discovery. It understands multiterm queries, updates dynamically when refining the search, and provides private, contextual, and human-centric search experiences. READ MORE 07. 10. 2025 Manage access and permissions for users Learn how to grant access and assign permissions to the different Playboard's tools and features with the new Users Management Tool. Now, roles can be set up more efficiently, giving each user the right level of control to work across the Playboard. READ MORE 11. 09. 2025 Integrating Interface X your way Explore the different ways to embed Empathy Platform's Interface X into your commerce store. Whether you choose full integration or inject components individually into the DOM, each approach delivers flexible, controlled, and privacy-first search and discovery experiences. READ MORE 27. 08. 2025 Building the MCP in public: Backroom analytics Our “building in public” series continues with conversational analytics in Backroom via MCP. The assistant adapts plans, delivers intent-aware responses, and streams execution. Merchants get actionable insights instantly, with data kept private and secure. READ MORE 14. 08. 2025 Results Ranking with search and browse The Playboard introduces Results Ranking, a single tool unifying search and browse management to fine-tune product visibility in one workspace. Facets gain dynamic endpoint configuration, giving merchandisers more agility, precision, and control. READ MORE 05. 08. 2025 Bridging AI and Empathy capabilities with MCP The Model Context Protocol (MCP) is an open standard that allows AI systems to securely connect with live business data, tools, and workflows. By replacing complex, fragmented integrations, MCP leverages more contextual, secure, and human-centric AI experiences. READ MORE 30. 07. 2025 Want to see Motive in action? Take a look at Motive's AI-powered ecommerce search plugin for faster discovery. Built with our values of privacy, trust and transparency, discover the tooling offering with a series of video tutorials: Backroom, Questions AI, Business Rules, Banners, and much more! READ MORE 29. 07. 2025 GenAI and private clouds: the ultimate allies of product teams Explore how generative AI, when integrated into privacy-first and cloud-agnostic infrastructures, can fundamentally enhance the way product teams work across every stage of the product lifecycle by prioritizing data security, cloud flexibility, and control. READ MORE 24. 07. 2025 Inject Interface X Components individually into your website's DOM Follow this step-by-step guide for seamlessly integrating Empathy’s Interface X Components (search box, results grid, etc.) directly into any part of a commerce store's web page DOM. Customize and embed powerful, flexible search interfaces that enhance user experience! READ MORE 21. 07. 2025 Empathy Holdings Roadmap The Empathy Holdings roadmap provides insight into our strategic direction, highlights upcoming initiatives, and outlines the next steps in our commitment to transparency and growth. Explore it to see how Empathy Holdings continues to deliver innovation and value. READ MORE No announcements available at the moment. Stay tuned, exciting things coming in soon! Resources Customer Stories · Guides · Ebooks · Blog Explore Our ethical commitment Putting values into action, we’ve extended the pillars of Digital Empathy beyond company boundaries to found the Ethical Commerce Alliance. A rapidly growing industry network of experts committed to protecting privacy and putting ethical values on top of business’ agendas. Discover the ECA Let's connect Let's get to know one another! Reach out and let us know what you're interested in. Hi, I'm * From * You can reach me at * I'm interested in * Select an option Select an option How did you hear about us? * Hey, nice to meet you! What can we help you with? * Yes, I am over 14 and have read and accept the privacy policy. Thanks for checking! Yes, I want to subscribe to the Empathy.co newsletter Message sent. We’ll contact you as soon as possible This is a cookie-free area. Company About us Careers Academy Ethical Code Engineering Blog Empathy Blog Ethical Commerce Alliance Technology Empathy AI Products Resources Customers Partners Contact us Follow us Sign up for our newsletter @2025 Empathy.co all Rights Reserved EU Whistleblowing Directive Cookie Policy Privacy Policy