Employment Hero | All-In-One HR, Payroll & Hiring Platform Find qualified staff instantly, for free. You're on our Australia website Change Region United Kingdom Singapore Malaysia New Zealand Canada Canada (FR) × Employee Login Business HR Login Business Payroll Login Business Recruitment Login Jobseeker Login (Jobs Board) Group Group Group Businesses Partners Employees Job Seekers Search Login Desktop Login Employee Login Business HR Login Business Payroll Login Business Recruitment Login Jobseeker Login (Jobs Board) Chevron Icon Menu EmploymentOS for your Business See how Employment Operating System can supercharge your business Learn more Request a demo Start free Hiring Hiring Hire staff now START FREE Get instant access to talent. Skip job ads, save time and cut costs SmartMatch AI talent matching to shortlist, screen and hire faster Applicant Tracking System Manage job ads, candidates, interviews and onboarding Employer of Record Hire best talent across 150+ countries HR HR Onboarding  software Automated, streamlined onboarding, so you can kickstart your growth Time & attendance Automate and sync time tracking, timesheets, and rostering HR advisory & representation Expert-led advice, compliance checks, and representation in claims Insights & analytics Make data-driven decisions with a variety of reports Payroll Payroll Leave management software Automated pay rate and tax calculations with transparency Single Touch Payroll STP Phase 2 reporting with ATO-certified payroll software Award interpretation Fair Work compliant modern award calculations Managed Payroll Payroll services that scale with your business Employee Experience Employee Experience Mobile app Roll work, pay, savings, and benefits into one employee superapp Learning management A huge library of vetted courses tailored to your business needs Benefits & perks Big-business benefits on an SME budget Earned Wage Access Give your team instant access to their pay, as soon as they earn it FEATURED Simplify with EmploymentOS Payday Super LEARN Resources Blogs Newsroom Webinars See Pricing See all products About us Industry solutions Integrations Support Chevron Icon Menu EmploymentOS for Partners Help your clients save time, stay compliant and work easy. Become a Partner Hr & Payroll Partners HR & Payroll Partners Join the partner network Explore HR and Payroll partnership opportunities for your business Referral partners Get rewarded for referring Employment Hero solutions Certified partners Own the sale, onboarding and support of Employment OS with your customers Strategic Partners Strategic Partners Become a strategic partner Build a high-impact partnership with Employment Hero Superannuation partners Streamline your super services with Embedded Super Partner Resources Partner Resources Partner directory Streamline payroll, HR and more with our trusted business partners Learning See how our partners solve employment for their clients FEATURED Hero Foundation Supporting people into work Resources See Pricing About Employment Hero Industry solutions Integrations Hero Foundation Chevron Icon Menu EmploymentOS for Employees See how Employment Operating System can supercharge work Learn more Download the app Manage Your Work Work Management Work admin Leave requests, timesheets, money and work perks, all in one easy app Connect with your team Celebrate wins, shoutout your teammates and stay across updates Learning & development Complete critical training, set personal goals and grow your career Employee Perks Employee Perks Earned Wage Access Access your money as soon as you’ve earned it. No more waiting for payday Discounts & offers Save on essentials and earn cashback on day-to-day spending Employee Assistance Program Build wellness at work with our Employee Assistance Program From Anywhere From Anywhere Employment Hero work app Download the app to manage work, pay and perks on the go Desktop login Manage HR tasks, training and work admin from the web FEATURED Download the app Download today and start saving Resources Support Chevron Icon Menu EmploymentOS for Job Seekers See how Employment Operating System can supercharge jobs Find a Job Find a job Find Your Next Role Find Your Next Role Find a job Explore open roles and find work faster with job matching Prep For Your Next Role Prep for Your Next Role Benchmark your salary See how much you should be getting paid with real-time salary insights Job hunting tips and tricks Make finding work easier with these resources, videos and interviews Resources Support Request a demo Complete the form and we’ll call you back 1300 084 847 Shona Joy streamlined HR processes with a secure, compliant and convenient platform. Zerella Fresh reduced recruitment time and costs with one-click job posting across multiple platforms. Leap into the future of work The world’s first Employment Operating System bringing Hiring, HR, Payroll and Benefits under one roof. Request a demo Pitcrew AI streamlined pre-hire onboarding, ensuring compliance before day one. Wittner simplified workforce management with an easy-to-use, great value solution. Customers rate us 4.5 Trustpilot Everything employment, all in one place Grow your business, not your overheads. FOR BUSINESSES Learn more Everything work in one place. Work smarter, not harder. FOR EMPLOYEES Learn more Stop searching. Let the jobs find you. FOR JOB SEEKERS Learn more TRUSTED BY 300k+ HAPPY CUSTOMERS Hire for free with the world’s first Employment OS Everything you need to manage your workforce Businesses Employees Job Seekers Get headhunted with our AI recruiter Creating an Employment Hero Jobs profile is your job search cheat code. Just take 5 minutes to set it up, then get matched to roles at 300k+ businesses. Employment Hero Jobs Unlock your earning potential See what you should be getting paid with accurate, real time salary data from the payslips of more than 2M+ employees. Know your worth, and get paid more. Job Seeker Salary Benchmarking Hiring START FREE Skip the job ads and jump straight to shortlists of matched candidates. Cut hours of screening time and slash thousands from your recruitment budget with our all in one solution. Find staff now All-in-one HR software Manage hiring, onboarding, payroll, compliance, learning, engagement, recognition, and more: all from one place. Explore HR Software Intelligent Payroll Run payroll in minutes, not days with leave, timesheets, salaries and employee data flowing seamlessly together, eliminating double-handling, spreadsheets and siloes. Explore Intelligent Payroll Employee Experience Be the employer everyone wants to work for with the world’s first employment superapp. Roll work admin, earned wage access, and exclusive perks all into one place. Employee Experience The world’s first employment superapp Employment Hero Work rolls work admin, wages, savings and exclusive benefits into one employee superapp. Employment Hero Work Benefits & perks Engage, retain and reward great people with big business benefits. Cut the cost of living and build financial wellness with exclusive discounts, cashback offers, and savings on everyday essentials like healthcare and fuel. Employee Benefits “At the click of a button, we can coordinate everything from the recruitment process through to issuing a contract, managing payroll and compliance documents for new staff This has streamlined both short-term tasks through to end-of-year reviews. ” Customer Spotlight: Tasmanian Oyster Company With a steadfast commitment to providing top-notch, eco-conscious produce, having the right team on board is essential to protecting their reputation and success. During a high growth period, they turned to Employment Hero to help streamline their employee management processes. View case study Employment software with proven results 89% return in investment for companies using Employment Hero 85% Better onboarding experience 81% Improved payroll efficiency 42% Average amount of time saved on HR admin Learn More Frequently Asked Questions Everything you need to know about cutting edge hiring software What is Employment Hero? From hired to retired – and everything in between, Employment Hero is a leading HR , recruitment, payroll and employee engagement platform. Offering employment software, solutions and services across Australia, New Zealand , the United Kingdom , Singapore and Malaysia . What types of businesses use Employment Hero? Employment Hero services an SME can be a corporation and normally would be of all industries, including NDIS and healthcare , IT and software , startups , manufacturing , marketing and advertising , retail, hospitality , childcare , education, professional services , legal services , banking and financial services, freight and logistics , construction , and more. Does Employment Hero integrate with other platforms? Yes, Employment Hero integrates with many different platforms, depending on the software you are implementing. You can find out which integrations are compatible and best suited to your business, depending on which Employment Hero product you’re using, on our integrations page. How do I switch from another software platform to Employment Hero? Employment Hero will help manage the implementation process. There are two journeys depending on your business needs: Managed, or Guided. You can find detailed information on our HR implementation page, and Managed Payroll implementation page. Is my data secure on Employment Hero? Employment Hero uses advanced encryption protocols, multi-factor authentication, and regular security audits to ensure strict data protection, guaranteeing that our clients’ information remains secure, confidential, and protected from unauthorised access. How do I log in to Employment Hero? Simply navigate over to your portal by entering your account details into the form found on the sign in page. Your account details are the password and email address you used during the creation of your account. How much does Employment Hero cost? Employment Hero offers a range of pricing plans designed to suit different business sizes and needs. Each plan includes access to various features tailored to simplify HR processes and improve business efficiency. Additionally, Employment Hero offers tailored enterprise solutions for businesses with unique needs, and the pricing for these is available upon request. For more detailed information on what each plan includes and any potential additional costs, please visit our pricing page . What is Employment Hero Work? The Employment Hero Work app revolutionises how employees manage their work and finances, and employers manage their teams by consolidating everything into one versatile superapp. The app is made up of 4 sections – Work, Money, Career and Benefits, and lets employees simplify their financial management and leave requests, while employers can efficiently manage leave approvals, contracts, and other tasks. Jump into Employment OS. Employment doesn’t have to be hard. Streamline every step of the employment lifecycle so you and your team can run ahead. Hop to it Company About us Careers Become a partner Media Centre Newsroom Get in Touch Contact Us Sales HR Login Support Service Centre Help Centre Implementation Hub Pick your region Australia New Zealand United Kingdom Singapore Malaysia Canada Product Products Solutions Integrations Quick Demos Employment Hero work app Employment Hero Jobs Connect LinkedIn X YouTube Facebook Instagram TikTok Acknowledgement of Country We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First
                Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn and work. What we do Employment Hero is an end-to-end HR, payroll and recruitment solution
                designed for Australian businesses. Our suite of powerful employment tools help streamline your workday,
                so you can focus on what matters. News, resources and insights – delivered to your inbox. Subscribe. Trust & Legal Centre Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Data Processing Addendum Cookie Policy Financial Disclosure Documents Australia United Kingdom Singapore Malaysia New Zealand Canada Canada (FR) Clear Showing results of for " " Top Results Businesses Partners Employees Job Seekers Resources Company About us Careers Become a partner Media Centre Get in Touch Contact Us Sales HR Login Support Service Centre Help Centre Implementation Hub Pick your region Australia New Zealand United Kingdom Singapore Malaysia Canada Product Products Solutions Integrations Quick Demos Employment Hero work app Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube