Empower | Invest well. Live a little.™ Skip to main content × Personal investors Workplace retirement Employers and plan sponsors Financial professionals Contextual Nav Individuals Plan Sponsors Financial Professionals Primary Nav Products & Solutions Tools Learn Why Empower Login Login Signup/Register Open an account Navigation Dropdowns View All Wealth Management Private Client Personal Strategy High-yield cash account Rollover IRAs Investment accounts Products & solutions Get guidance to make better money decisions at every stage of your life. Products & solutions Get guidance to make better money decisions at every stage of your life. Wealth management overview Personalized investment strategy and advice to address your goals and unique needs. Private Client Premium financial planning and highly personalized portfolio management services for $1M+ in investments, including private equity, tax and legacy planning. Personal Strategy Working 1:1 with a financial advisor backed by a team of specialists, you’ll get a custom portfolio, tax optimization, personalized financial planning, and much more. High-yield Cash Account A high-interest cash account with no account fees, no minimums, direct deposit, and aggregate FDIC insurance up to $5 million. Rollover Simplify your retirement savings, enjoy tax benefits, and receive guidance with a rollover IRA. IRAs Invest for retirement with tax-advantaged accounts,  investment options and retirement planning. Investment accounts More ways to invest for your goals with commission-free trading, low fees, access to managed accounts, mutual funds, ETFs, equities and more. View All Retirement Planner Net Worth Budgeting & Cash Flow Portfolio Analysis Savings Planner Debt Paydown Emergency Fund Transactions Financial tools Make budgeting, planning and retirement decisions all in one place. Financial tools Make budgeting, planning and retirement decisions all in one place. Retirement Planner Beyond a calculator, test-drive what retirement could look like. Net Worth See where you stand to get where you want to be. Budgeting & Cash Flow Spend smarter when you know what’s coming in and out. Portfolio Analysis Insights to help you invest your next dollar. Savings Planner Get insights to help you save, invest, and pay down debt. Debt Paydown Lower your debt to help improve your credit score and open doors. Emergency Fund Find out what you need to handle life’s curveballs. Transactions View every money move you make in one place. Investment Insights The Currency The Currency TM Get guidance to make better money decisions at every stage of your life. Investment Insights Fresh market moves, fast takes, backed by key outlooks. The Currency TM Get guidance to make better money decisions at every stage of your life. About us Cybersecurity Press Center Contact us About us Learn how Empower is helping over 19 million people find financial freedom throughout all of life’s milestones with an experience unlike any other. About us Learn how Empower is helping over 19.5 million people find financial freedom throughout all of life’s milestones with an experience unlike any other. Cybersecurity See how we guard your data with people, process, and technology. Press Center Stay in the know with the latest Empower news. Contact us Get help and support from Empower. Mobile Menu Individuals Products & Solutions View All Wealth Management Private Client Personal Strategy High-yield cash account Rollover IRAs Investment accounts Tools View All Retirement Planner Net Worth Budgeting & Cash Flow Portfolio Analysis Savings Planner Debt Paydown Emergency Fund Transactions Learn Investment Insights The Currency Why Empower About us Cybersecurity Press Center Contact us Plan Sponsors Financial Professionals Invest well. Live a little.™ Whatever your financial happiness looks like, let’s get you there. Open an account Empower Personal Strategy ® Tech that helps power your wealth strategy When you invest $100K in taxable assets, we'll send you an iPad ® — or go further with $250K and you'll get a MacBook ® . Available for a limited time with Empower Personal Strategy. † Terms and conditions apply. Get started About Personal Strategy 84% feel more confident about their finances after talking with us. 2 Schedule a call Find your financial happy place at any life stage Financial tools and advice from real people to help you fund your best life. Open an account You control how you retire Personalized planning and investment advice for your post-work era. 5 Schedule a call Securely connect all your accounts in one place Because getting good at money starts when you see the full picture of your investments, cash, credit, and other accounts. Connect my accounts Lottiefile Lottiefile Lottiefile Your helping hand to get good at money Whether you’re saving for your honeymoon or for your empty nest, Empower products and solutions can help you save smarter and spend better. Take me there Tools that put your money to work for you To help you make smarter decisions about how you invest, spend, save and plan for your future. Explore the tools Roll over your old retirement savings Changing jobs? You have options for managing your old retirement plan. We’ll help you consider all the details before moving money. Start rollover The Empower Dashboard™ gives me a full picture of where I am financially without having to log in to all my accounts. It definitely makes my financial life clearer and easier. Benjamin D.* recommended retirement provider by financial professionals 3 retirement plans under administration 1 in assets under administration 1 retirement provider in America 4 Get money news and viewpoints Life Money on the Mind Empower research reveals Americans are spending nearly 4 hours a day thinking about money. 5-minute read Money Roth conversion: A comprehensive guide Explore the benefits and considerations of converting to a Roth IRA to optimize your retirement savings and tax strategy. 5-minute read Investment Insights U.S. economic and market outlook Our 2026 Outlook — It's an AI World — explores the impact of the AI supercycle on the U.S. economy and markets. 20-minute read Getting good at money starts when you see the full picture Connect your accounts to see your investments, cash, credit, and more in one place. We offer leading security measures like encryption, multi-factor authentication, and fraud protection to keep your data safe. Connect my accounts Learn more Connect my accounts Advisory services are provided for a fee by Empower Advisory Group, LLC (EAG). EAG is a registered investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and an indirect subsidiary of Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America. Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investing involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future returns. You may lose money. Advisory fees are calculated based upon the amount of assets being managed (as detailed further in the Empower Advisory Group, LLC Form ADV EAG Form CRS Unless otherwise noted: Not a Deposit | Not FDIC Insured | Not Bank Guaranteed | Funds May Lose Value | Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency Securities, when presented, are offered and/or distributed by Empower Financial Services, Inc., Member FINRA / SIPC . EFSI is an affiliate of Empower Retirement, LLC. EFSI Form CRS | Reg BI Disclosure | SEC Rule 605-606 Footer menu Why Empower Cybersecurity Community impact Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging News and views The Currency™ Press center About Empower About us Our history Careers Help Contact us Who are you? Personal investor Financial professional Plan sponsor WM 2.0 - Social Facebook X (fka Twitter) Snapchat LinkedIn Instagram YouTube TikTok ("Site") has entered into an advertising campaign with Empower Personal Wealth, LLC ("EPW"), through which Site is paid up to $250 for each individual lead. The Site, due to such compensation, has an incentive to recommend EPW, resulting in a material conflict of interest. Individuals who are referred to EPW are not obligated to subscribe for investment advisory services provided by Empower Advisory Group, LLC ("EAG"). Those individuals who do subscribe for EAG's investment advisory services will not pay increased management fees or any other fees to Site, EPW, or EAG as a result of this campaign. Site financially benefits from referring individuals to EPW. Site is not affiliated with EPW or EAG. Advisory services are provided for a fee by Empower Advisory Group, LLC (EAG). EAG is a registered investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and an indirect subsidiary of Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America. Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investing involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future returns. You may lose money. Advisory fees are calculated based upon the amount of assets being managed (as detailed further in the Empower Advisory Group, LLC Form ADV). “EMPOWER” and all associated logos, and product names are trademarks of Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America. This material is for informational purposes only and is not intended to provide investment, legal or tax recommendations or advice. ©2025 Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America. All rights reserved. Legal Security center Accessibility System requirements Privacy Terms and conditions Business continuity plan Market timing and excessive trading policies Investor education and protection Form CRS & Reg BI Disclosure Empower representative compensation Do not sell or share my personal information SEC Rule 605-606 All images and screenshots provided are for illustrative purposes only 1 As of September 30, 2025. Assets under administration (AUA) refers to the assets administered by Empower. AUA does not reflect the financial stability or strength of a company. 2 Empower Advisory Group post-call survey results, April 2023-March 2024. 3 Personal Strategy® advisory services are available when you invest more than $100,000 with us. Private Client advisory services are available when you invest more than $1M with us. 4 2023 PLANADVISER Retirement Plan Adviser Survey as of February 2024. 5 Empower data as of March 31, 2024. 6 Participant growth data from 2023 PLANSPONSOR DC Recordkeeping Survey (data as of December 31, 2022), and 2013 PLANSPONSOR DC Recordkeeping Survey (data as of December 31, 2012) for historical calculations. *Testimonials may not be representative of the experience of other individuals and are not a guarantee of future performance or success. Consider all your options and their features and fees before moving money between accounts. † iPad and MacBook are trademarks of Apple Inc. Empower Retirement, LLC and its affiliates are not affiliated with Apple Inc. No endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation is implied. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal.