This website uses cookies to improve performance and enhance the user experience.
×
EN HR DE NL ES PT IT NO RU FR CS JA KO HU TH TL TR ID SK PL AR UR
How to enable JavaScript in your browser
Nowadays almost all web pages contain JavaScript, a scripting programming language that runs on visitor's web browser. It makes web pages functional for specific purposes and if disabled for some reason, the content or the functionality of the web page can be limited or unavailable. Here you can find instructions on how to enable (activate) JavaScript in five most commonly used browsers.
Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Opera Internet Explorer
Javascript is enabled in your web browser. If you disable JavaScript, this text will change.
Instructions for web developers

You may want to consider linking to this site, to educate any script-disabled users on how to enable JavaScript in five most commonly used browsers. You are free to use the code below and modify it according to your needs.

<noscript>
 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the <a href="https://www.enable-javascript.com/">
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser</a>.
</noscript>
On enable-javascript.com we optimize the script-disabled user experience as much as we can:
The instructions for your browser are put at the top of the page
All the images are inlined, full-size, for easy perusing
This developer-centric message is out of the way.
We want your visitors to have JavaScript enabled just as much as you do!
 Google Chrome
On the web browser menu click on the "Customize and control Google Chrome" and select "Settings".
In the "Settings" section click on the "Show advanced settings..."
Under the the "Privacy" click on the "Content settings...".
When the dialog window opens, look for the "JavaScript" section and select "Allow all sites to run JavaScript (recommended)".
Click on the "OK" button to close it.
Close the "Settings" tab.
Click on the "Reload this page" button of the web browser to refresh the page.
1.  2.  3.  4.  5.  6.  7. 
 Mozilla Firefox
In the address bar, type about:config and press Enter.
Click "I'll be careful, I promise" if a warning message appears.
In the search box, search for javascript.enabled
Toggle the "javascript.enabled" preference (right-click and select "Toggle" or double-click the preference) to change the value from "false" to "true".
Click on the "Reload current page" button of the web browser to refresh the page.
1.  2.  3.  4.  5. 
 Apple Safari
On the web browser menu click on the "Edit" and select "Preferences".
In the "Preferences" window select the "Security" tab.
In the "Security" tab section "Web content" mark the "Enable JavaScript" checkbox.
Click on the "Reload the current page" button of the web browser to refresh the page.
1.  2.  3.  4. 
 Opera
1. Click on Opera icon "Menu" and than "Settings".
2. Click on "Websites" and then choose "Allow all sites to run JavaScript (recommended)"
3. Click on the "Reload" button of the web browser to refresh the page.
1.  2.  3. 
 Internet Explorer
On web browser menu click "Tools" and select "Internet Options"
In the "Internet Options" window select the "Security" tab.
On the "Security" tab click on the "Custom level..." button.
When the "Security Settings - Internet Zone" dialog window opens, look for the "Scripting" section.
In the "Active Scripting" item select "Enable".
When the "Warning!" window pops out asking "Are you sure you want to change the settings for this zone?" select "Yes".
In the "Internet Options" window click on the "OK" button to close it.
Click on the "Refresh" button of the web browser to refresh the page.
1.  2.  3.  4.  5.  6.  7.  8. 
About

Programming, designing, testing, getting user feedback and writing materials for this website was done by Toni Podmanicki with help of Paul Irish & Jeremy Hill. Thanks to all those who helped and contributed in any way. Hope you find this page useful.

Kostadin Markov
Web developer, owner


Paul Irish
Jeremy Hill
Ivana Rončević English
Luis Nell Deutsch
Jorrit Salverda Nederlands
Leandro D'Onofrio Español
Davis Peixoto Português
Giacomo Ratta Italiano
Erland Wiencke Norsk
Anton Kulakov Русский
David Martin Français
Jan Myler Česky
Kyo Nagashima 日本語
Joon Kyung 한국어
Tamás Antal Magyar
Sitdhibong Laokok ไทย
Jesse Veluz Filipino
Uğur Eskici Türkçe
Sanny Gaddafi Bahasa Indonesia
Samuel Ondrek Slovenčina
Daniel Szymanek Polski
Abdelhak Mitidji Arabic
Mert Sahinoglu Urdu


Supporters

Fire Stick Tricks
Vapehuset
SidesMedia
BuyCheapestFollowers
TopAgency
SSL checker
IBAN
Views4you
SocialBoss


How to become a supporter?
Share
Twitter Facebook Email

How to enable JavaScript in your browser and why
https://www.enable-javascript.com

© enable-javascript.com 2009-2025 | Contact info@enable-javascript.com