EnchantedLearning.com | Worksheets, Activities, Crafts & More Login | Sign Up | Print Page Home Site Index What's New Free Sample Pages Login Subscribe EnchantedLearning.com is a user-supported site. Site members have full access to an ad-free, print-friendly version of the site. Click here to learn more. Welcome to Enchanted Learning! Est. 1995 - Online Curriculum Material - Over 40,000 Web Pages and 1,500,000 Subscriptions! Share this page: Enchanted Learning at a Glance 40,000+ Worksheets, Crafts, and Activities Browse our library of worksheets, printouts, crafts, activities, and more! All Major School Subjects We cover all primary school subjects for PreK-12 students, with a primary emphasis on grades K-5. Only $30.00 per Year! Subscribe now for ad-free access to our entire catalog! We offer discounts for multi-year subscriptions, as well as plans for entire schools. Free Sample Content Much of our content is free to use without an account. Try it out now before subscribing! The Original Education Website Since our founding in 1995, we’ve helped more than 1.5 million parents, teachers, and homeschoolers find the educational resources they need. Browse Our Content Our content is made possible by subscriptions, and we greatly appreciate your support. Timely Pages New Year's Crafts Make New Year’s related crafts from things found around the house! New Year's Vocabulary Word List A wordbank of New Year’s words. Kwanzaa Crafts Kwanzaa is a holiday that celebrates African-American culture. Kwanzaa lasts for seven days; it starts on December 26th, and ends on New Year’s Day. All About Martin Luther King, Jr. MLK was a great man who worked for racial equality in the United States of America. He was born on January 15, 1929, in Atlanta, Georgia. Martin Luther King, Jr. Activities Activities related to MLK and civil rights. Winter Crafts, Activities and Worksheets Kindergarten, preschool, and elementary school crafts.  Make wonderful, simple crafts with things found around the house. Winter Books for Beginning Readers A variety of books you can print! Winter K-3 Theme Page Rhymes, crafts, quizzes, information, coloring pages, and printouts related to winter. Staff Favorites Zoom Dinosaurs Learn all about dinos, print dinosaur info pages, plus the best dinosaur jokes ever! Nursery Rhymes Illustrated Mother Goose and other rhymes. Monthly Activity Calendar Activities for each day of the year. Or go to printable calendars . Animal Coloring Printouts Animal Coloring/Info Pages. Print out animal pages/information sheets to color. Crafts Easy crafts for kids to make from things found around the house. Little Explorers Picture Dictionary A picture dictionary with links to fun activities. Around The World Biomes Explore the many environments that organisms live in–including us! Flags of the World Flags organized in a variety of ways: alphabetically, by region, by shape, by color, and more! Geology Fun worksheets on landforms, soil, glaciers, and volcanos. Plus a rock and mineral dictionary! Languages of the World Little Explorers Picture Dictionaries: English, Spanish, French, German, Portuguese, Italian, Japanese, Dutch, and Swedish. Oceans Why are oceans salty and blue? What causes waves and tides? Learn all about oceans and oceanic animals here. Rainforests Examine the rainforests with their abundant life, including the colorful toucan. Weather Learn all about and track the weather. World Geography A collection of geographical maps, printouts, flags, quizzes, activities, and a glossary! Worksheets and Printables Word Wheels Many wheels on a variety of topics. Label Me! Printouts Print out these fill-in-the-blank activity sheets on many topics. Generate Your Own Worksheets Create your own math/writing worksheets and graphic organizers! Books To Print Short, printable books on many topics – for early to fluent readers. Cloze Activities Fill in the blanks in these fun activities! Connect-the-Dots Form pictures by connecting the dots as printouts and online. Drawing Activities Printout activities related to drawing. Printable Maps A collection of geography pages, printouts, and activities for students. Animals Animal Printouts/Coloring Learn all about animals while coloring them in these wild worksheets. Sharks Swim with the fishes (very large fishes) in these pages about sharks! Butterflies Learn all about these colorful insects (that aren’t made out of butter)! Whales Read about these singing mammals and the largest creatures on Earth today. Mammals Lions, tigers, and bears–oh my! We have activities on all these mammals and more. Dinosaurs Dinosaurs were ancient reptiles: some were enormous, others flew! We have lots of pages exploring these fascinating fossils. Birds You’d never think these tiny chirpers were descended from dinos! Learn all about the many types of birds. Dogs From pesky Westies to dotted Dalmatians, there are many dogs to learn about and draw! Reading and Writing Writing Activities Writing prompts: Essays and Other Writing Activities for Early Writers. Language Arts Language Arts: Essays,  Writing Activities, Parts of Speech, etc. Alphabet Activities Letter and Alphabet Activities: rhymes, crafts, quizzes, information, and coloring pages, and printouts related to the alphabet. Writing ABC's Writing D’Nealian-style Letters and Numbers. Printout to learn to write the letters and numbers in print and cursive. Other Links: Page of the Day Texas Map/Quiz Printout December 30, 2025 Holidays Coming Down the Pike! New Year's Eve December 31, 2025 New Year's Day January 1, 2026 Kwanzaa Ends January 1, 2026 Martin Luther King Jr. Day January 19, 2026 Groundhog Day February 2, 2026 Site Subjects English World Languages Social Studies Math Science Health Arts & Crafts Music Age-Themed Groups Preschool and Kindergarten Activities K-3 Themes College SAT Matcher Activities Crafts Coloring Label Me! Printouts Graphic Organizers Books to Print Essays to Write Poetry Cloze Activities Drawing Activities Writing Activities Teacher Resources Calendars Generate Your Own Worksheets Vocabulary Word Lists ▾ See more Site Overview What's New Enchanted Learning Home Monthly Activity Calendar Books to Print Site Index Enchanted Blog K-3 Crafts K-3 Themes Little Explorers Picture Dictionary PreK/K Activities Rebus Rhymes Stories Writing Cloze Activities Essay Topics Newspaper Writing Activities Parts of Speech Fiction The Test of Time Biology Animal Printouts Biology Label Printouts Biomes Birds Butterflies Dinosaurs Biology Continued Food Chain Human Anatomy Mammals Plants Rainforests Sharks Whales Physical Sciences: K-12 Astronomy The Earth Geology Hurricanes Landforms Oceans Tsunami Volcano Languages Dutch French German Italian Japanese (Romaji) Portuguese Spanish Swedish Geography/History Explorers Flags Geography Inventors US History Other Topics Arts and Artists Calendars College Finder Crafts Graphic Organizers Label Me! Printouts Math Music Word Wheels Copyright © 1995-2025 EnchantedLearning.com ENCHANTED LEARNING and ZOOM DINOSAURS are registered trademarks of Enchanted Learning, LLC. ZOOM is a registered trademark of WGBH Educational Foundation. Zoom School is not affiliated with WGBH Educational Foundation. How to cite a web page - Our Privacy Policy - Site Index - Contact Us - About Us - Subscribe