Endpoint Protector - Industry-Leading Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Javascript is disabled. Our website requires Javascript in order to function properly, so please enable it in your browser. Thank you. Resources Support Call us Call us We can answer your questions, guide you through our products or direct you to be an authorized reseller. Worldwide General Inquiries +40-264-593 110 Sales Support +1 888 271 9349 +1 877 377 6475 Sales +49 (7541) 97826730 Sales +34 911 875 623 English Request demo Request Demo Product Solution Advanced multi-OS DLP solution for real-time data protection Data Loss Prevention Software Cross-platform DLP for monitoring and protecting company IP, PII, financial data, or other regulated data types without compromising productivity Endpoint Management Control devices, privileges, and configs to reduce endpoint risk Features Modular approach for an enhanced level of control Device Control Granular control over USB ports and connected devices Content Aware Protection Content inspection and contextual scanning of data Enforced Encryption Encryption and management for securing USB storage devices eDiscovery Sensitive data scanning on endpoint-stored data Least Privilege Management Eliminate admin rights while allowing safe, rule-based user actions Deployment Great deployment flexibility to meet specific requirements SaaS Cloud Virtual Appliance Operating Systems Strong data protection regardless of the OS macOS Windows Linux Printers Thin Clients Use Cases Threats & Challenges Protection from the most common data security threats and challenges Insider Threat Protection PII Protection DLP for LLMs Data Discovery PHI Protection IP Theft Protection Source Code Protection Remote Work USB Blocker Compliance & Regulations Explore the many regulations we help organizations address NIST PCI DSS HIPAA ISO 27001 TISAX DPDP CCPA GDPR LGPD Industries Responding to data security needs across various industries. Consulting Healthcare Law Pharmaceutical Accounting Education Finance Manufacturing IT & Software Media Insurance Telecom Advertising Aerospace Pricing Support Release History Information regarding changes and enhancements is detailed in chronological order below Product Knowledge Base Explore the most frequent questions and answers related to all of our products and find all the advice you need DLP Testing Tool Test your data loss prevention software with our dedicated testing tool Technical Support Connect with our ready-to-assist support team for product guidance and assistance. Login is required for access to the new technical support Community Portal. To request access, email support[at]endpointprotector.com New Support Ticket Partners Partners Explore our partner programme or locate a certified partner in your area. Become a Partner Join the CoSoSys family and become a reseller or a distribution partner Locate a Partner Explore on the world map to see our partners from your desired area Technology Partners Leading providers are essential for us to deliver flexible, strong, affordable, and time-saving DLP solutions to our customers Partner Portal Already a partner? The Partner Portal will offer you an immersive experience into our channel ecosystem Company About Endpoint Protector One of the world's leading developers of cross-platform Data Loss Prevention (DLP), eDiscovery, and Device Control solutions About Us Awards & Certifications Contact Management Team Milestones Careers Events Join us at the most important Information Security events Events Webinars Customers A list of some of the most important customers which use our solutions to secure confidential data Customers Case Studies Press Company profile, mentions in the media, and materials you can use to have a better idea of who we are and what we do Press Room In the news Press releases Press kit Resources Product Documentation Endpoint Protector Quickstart Guide, User Manuals, and more. Data Sheets Endpoint Protector Data Sheets, available in multiple languages. White Papers A collection of White Papers & Ebooks, helping you to discover the data security threats and solutions. Webinar Center Register for upcoming webinars on data protection or watch the recordings at any time. Videos Watch and learn more about data protection and Endpoint Protector product features. Case Studies Succesful DLP stories from different industries like healthcare, finance, hotel industry & environmental services. Infographics A collection of data security infographics providing an easier way to understand the threats in data security. Blog All Data Security. All the time. The right resource for decision makers and IT admins. Blog Request Demo EN English ES Español FR Français DE Deutsch BR Português (BR) KR 한국어 Home slider Industry-Leading Multi-OS DLP Discover, monitor, and protect your sensitive data with Endpoint Protector, advanced multi-OS data loss prevention. Simplified deployment and scalability Award-winning Enterprise solution Ensure regulatory compliance Available for Mac, Windows & Linux Request Demo Free Trial Trusted by Continuous data loss prevention across Windows, macOS, and Linux endpoints device-control-color Device Control USB & Peripheral port control Lockdown, monitor and manage devices. Granular control based on vendor ID, product ID, serial number and more. Learn more Content-Aware Protection Scanning data in motion Monitor, control and block file transfers. Detailed control through both content and context inspection. Learn more Enforced Encryption Automatic USB encryption Encrypt, manage and secure USB storage devices by safeguarding data in transit. Password-based, easy to use and very efficient. Learn more eDiscovery Scanning data at rest Discover, encrypt and delete sensitive data. Detailed content and context inspection through manual or automatic scans. Learn more Award-winning DLP for keeping confidential data and businesses more secure. See all awards & certifications Protect company IP, PII, financial data, or other regulated data types without compromising productivity Intellectual Property (IP) Protection Endpoint Protector uses advanced technologies such as N-gram-based text categorization to accurately discover IP, including source code, within hundreds of file formats, and then monitor and control any transfers to prevent data theft. Personally Identifiable Information (PII) Protection Discover and protect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and sensitive information stored on employee endpoints with our data discovery module. Monitor data and prevent data exfiltration and data leaks with an all-in-one Data Loss Prevention tool. Insider Threat Protection Stop data leakage and data theft and by applying appropriate cybersecurity controls at the endpoint - from logging potential insider threats, to real-time blocking. Discover end-users that fail to follow data security policies and situations that can lead to a policy violation or data leakage. Compliance and Regulations Endpoint Protector’s DLP software can help organizations ensure data privacy and achieve regulatory compliance with HIPAA, PCI-DSS, NIST, GDPR, SOX, and others, avoiding fines and other damages imposed by regulatory entities. Need help? Get in touch with a data protection expert: Contact us Enhanced protection for remote workers Our next-generation DLP solution continues to enforce data protection policies even away from the corporate network, and even employees are offline. Learn more Outside Network and Outside Hours policies Fast, remote client deployment Protecting sensitive data even while working offline Learn more Multiple deployment options virtual-appliance Virtual appliance Available in VMX, PVA, OVF, OVA, XVA and VHD formats, being compatible with the most popular virtualization tools. Read more cloud-services-gray Cloud services Available for deployment in the following cloud services: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Read more cloud-hosted-gray SaaS Reduce deployment complexity & cost. Focus more resources on identifying and mitigating risks to your sensitive data and less on maintaining the infrastructure. Read more The highest rated solution for security admins With Endpoint Protector you avoid complicated, time-consuming deployments with a DLP solution that doesn't disrupt employee productivity. Fewer interruptions Minimal interference with legitimate business: Endpoint Protector uses cutting-edge technologies to minimize false positives and wasted resources. Lightweight agents and super-granular control also help maintaining uninterrupted workflows throughout the company. Easy set-up with predefined policies Predefined policies are available for quick, hassle-free deployments. More granular settings can also be easily applied to meet different departments' requirements by specifying which devices can or cannot be used, create device whitelists and blacklists, and define policies per user, computer, or group. Simplified deployment process Enjoy a seamless deployment with an intuitive interface and set-up process. Endpoint Protector fits any company's needs with multiple deployment options and integration capabilities and expert support and assistance throughout the deployment process. Central administration Endpoint Protector allows full control of the connected devices and data flows in a single dashboard - even remotely. Get real-time alerts and reports, configure policies and use detailed info and logs* related to events, file transfers, devices used or user activity required for faster and more accurate data security incident prevention or mitigation. *Endpoint Protector supports SIEM integration based on logs for custom reports, dashboards or even user behaviour analysis. Full control over sensitive data. Any time, anywhere. Real-time alerting & reporting Create configurable alerts or reports based on recent or ongoing events in order to stop data loss or theft before it happens. Detailed logs Get detailed info and logs related to events, file transfers, devices used or unusual user activity required for faster and more accurate data security incident mitigation. SIEM integration Create custom reports, dashboards or even user behaviour analysis based on logs by using the SIEM integration capability provided by Endpoint Protector. Here's what our customers say about Endpoint Protector “We have tried many security products, but Endpoint Protector is the best of the breed of data loss prevention (DLP) that easily integrates into Apple, Mac and mixed multi-OS environments.” Brian Bloom , CTO “The most required features for us were the Network Share control from the Device Control module and the Bluetooth device. These features helped the company to manage the users easily and to block transfers to mobile devices, USB devices, and external devices.” Mr. Alejandro Garcés , IT “Endpoint Protector adds a strong layer of data security . In addition, CoSoSys customer service is excellent.” Josh McCown , IT Director “Our company was set up within hours and the support and service offered by CoSoSys are excellent.” Jay Patel , Account Manager Highly-rated in Gartner Peer Insights for enterprise data loss prevention solutions. Get a Demo Get started today! We are always happy to answer your questions, advise on features and use-cases or direct you to our local representative. Thank you for your request. One of our team members will contact you shortly to assist you. Data privacy is very important to us. Details provided, will only be used for the purpose they were intended for. Read more about our commitment and Privacy Policy . Solutions Solutions Endpoint DLP Device Control Content-Aware DLP Scanning Data at Rest Enterprise DLP AWS DLP Cloud DLP Deployment Mac USB Blocker Compliance Compliance NIST GDPR HIPAA PCI DSS GDPR Compliance CCPA Compliance RBI Compliance Resources Resources Blog Events Videos Case Studies DLP Testing Tool Social links Social links LinkedIn Top Articles Top Articles Data Loss Prevention: The Complete Guide Best Practices for Source Code Security How to Control USBs and Removable Devices with Endpoint Protector Keeping Source Code Safe with Data Loss Prevention Dedicated DLP VS Integrated DLP Top 3 Reasons to Use Endpoint Data Loss Prevention 5 Ways Large Enterprises Protect their Data © 2004-2026 Endpoint Protector by CoSoSys Ltd. All rights reserved. Support Sitemap Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of use WEBINAR Registre-se aqui Request Demo Your request for Endpoint Protector was sent! One of our representatives will contact you shortly to schedule a demo. * Your privacy is important to us. Check out our Privacy Policy for more information. Trusted by