Enduring Word - Free Bible Commentary from Pastor David Guzik Link to X Link to Facebook Link to Instagram Link to Youtube Enduring Word About David Guzik About David Guzik David Guzik’s Speaking Schedule Invite David Guzik to Speak at Your Church Can I Quote from David Guzik’s Commentary? Get Involved Global Dental Mission Pray for Enduring Word Enduring Word Newsletters 2026 Enduring Word Cruise Enduring Word What’s New at Enduring Word? About Enduring Word FAQs Contact Us The Enduring Word Team Commentary Commentary in English Commentary Translations Bibliography Media Audio & Video Archive The Enduring Word App Radio Stations Bible Reading Plans YouTube Store Blog The Post by Enduring Word Blog Archive Weekly Devotional Donate Click to open the search input field Click to open the search input field Search Menu Menu Scroll to next section Scroll to next section Select a book and chapter to view the commentary Select a Bible Book Select Book Genesis Exodus Leviticus Numbers Deuteronomy Joshua Judges Ruth 1 Samuel 2 Samuel 1 Kings 2 Kings 1 Chronicles 2 Chronicles Ezra Nehemiah Esther Job Psalms Proverbs Ecclesiastes Song of Solomon Isaiah Jeremiah Lamentations Ezekiel Daniel Hosea Joel Amos Obadiah Jonah Micah Nahum Habakkuk Zephaniah Haggai Zechariah Malachi Matthew Mark Luke John Acts Romans 1 Corinthians 2 Corinthians Galatians Ephesians Philippians Colossians 1 Thessalonians 2 Thessalonians 1 Timothy 2 Timothy Titus Philemon Hebrews James 1 Peter 2 Peter 1 John 2 John 3 John Jude Revelation Select a Chapter Select Chapter Click here to go to the Enduring Word Bible Commentary by David Guzik Join Our Weekly Live Q&A with David Guzik Thursdays at 12PM PT Subscribe to Our NEW Daily Devotional Channel! Welcome to David Guzik’s Bible Commentary In my many years of teaching verse-by-verse through the Bible, I came to prepare my teaching notes in a certain way. Through a series of unexpected events I found that what I prepared for myself as teaching notes was helpful to some others as Bible commentary. Bible Teaching Resources Completely Free For more than 20 years, these Bible teaching resources have been online and always completely free. If you want to use the commentary offline, you can purchase print editions of my commentary on many books of the Bible. You can also purchase my commentary to use with Logos Bible software, the WordSearch Bible software, the Mantis app for smartphones and tablets, and for use with Kindle devices . If you find the text, audio, or video commentary helpful, I hope you catch some of my love, some of my passion for the greatness and glory of God and how Jesus reveals Himself and His plan through His enduring word. More Than 11,000 Pages Of Bible Commentary Take some time and use the menu up top to browse around. We have more than 11,000 pages of Bible commentary, hundreds of audio and video teachings, articles, work translated into other languages, and much more. Check back often, because we are constantly adding new content and improving the old. Welcome to Enduring Word! Search Search Text Bible Commentary Old Testament Genesis Exodus Leviticus Numbers Deuteronomy Joshua Judges Ruth 1 Samuel 2 Samuel 1 Kings 2 Kings 1 Chronicles 2 Chronicles Ezra Nehemiah Esther Job Psalms Proverbs Ecclesiastes Song of Solomon Isaiah Jeremiah Lamentations Ezekiel Daniel Hosea Joel Amos Obadiah Jonah Micah Nahum Habakkuk Zephaniah Haggai Zechariah Malachi New Testament Matthew Mark Luke John Acts Romans 1 Corinthians 2 Corinthians Galatians Ephesians Philippians Colossians 1 Thess. 2 Thess. 1 Timothy 2 Timothy Titus Philemon Hebrews James 1 Peter 2 Peter 1 John 2 John 3 John Jude Revelation © 1996-2025 Copyright - The Enduring Word Bible Commentary by David Guzik       | Site Hosted & Maintained by Local View Digital Marketing | Privacy Policy Scroll to top Scroll to top Scroll to top Our website uses cookies to store user preferences. By proceeding, you consent to our cookie usage. Please see our Privacy Policy for cookie usage details. Privacy Policy OK Cookie and Privacy Settings How we use cookies We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer. Essential Website Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site. We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain. We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings. Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab. Click to enable/disable essential site cookies. Google Analytics Cookies These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience. If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking. Other external services We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page. Google Webfont Settings: Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts. Google Map Settings: Click to enable/disable Google Maps. Google reCaptcha Settings: Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha. Vimeo and Youtube video embeds: Click to enable/disable video embeds. Other cookies The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie. Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie. Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie. Privacy Policy You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page. Privacy Policy Accept settings Hide notification only