Home Improvement Financing for Contractors | Regions Bank Home improvement financing for contractors Regions Home Improvement Financing (formerly EnerBank USA) has a proven track record of helping home improvement contractors grow their businesses. You can count on us to deliver quality loan products with a superior customer experience. We make it convenient and easy for your home improvement customers to apply for a loan using our fast mobile app, online loan application, or by phone with our friendly U.S.-based lending professionals. Start offering financing Learn about service & support for contractors Information for borrowers What is contractor financing? Contractor financing is an easy way for homeowners to pay for their home improvement projects — and for contractors to get paid quickly and on time. Offering your home improvement customers a loan is simple: Meet with your client to provide a bid for a home improvement project. While you're in the home, use our easy paperless application process to help your client get a decision for a specialized home improvement loan in minutes. Your client then authorizes your funding request by phone or text. We deposit the funds directly into your account, usually within 24 hours. Advantages of contractor financing Homeowner benefits Ability to pursue & complete projects. Get access to convenient financing options. Secure funding quickly. Choose from convenient options to apply. Choose a loan that works best for their personal financial situation. Contractor benefits Improve cash flow. Increase leads. Boost close rate. Grow average project size. Eliminate discounting. Reduce cancellations. We offer loans for almost any home improvement project.  Learn more about financing by industry. HVAC Roofing Kitchen & bath Painting Foundation repair Hardscaping Fencing We can help you discover new growth opportunities! Check out our resource hub for free content that can elevate your business. Do you work in an organization with a network of home improvement professionals? Let us build your private label program. If your organization is a trade group, manufacturer, or other network of contractors, installers, or authorized home improvement dealers, you can create a customized, private-label loan program designed to achieve your organization's goals while building brand recognition. Learn more about creating a loan program for your dealers Why you can trust Regions for home improvement financing Stability & security With over 20 years in the home improvement business, we're an experienced lender you can trust. Strong suite of products We offer a robust selection of home improvement loans, along with additional banking services to help grow your business and achieve your financial goals. Experienced customer support Our skilled and knowledgeable professionals consult with you on flexible and convenient ways for your customers to pay for their home improvement projects. Superior technology We've got the latest technology to help you stay informed about customers' loan applications, and give them an easy application experience with quick credit decisions. How does contractor financing work? You can team up with Regions to offer financing that integrates with your existing services.  Our tools and technology are specifically designed to support the home improvement industry. It’s easy to get started: Join a loan program through our quick & easy process. Onboard with a dedicated relationship manager. Choose the loans you want to offer. Choose paperless application options for customers. Start offering financing. Home improvement contractor financing FAQs What are the best financing options for contractors to offer? As a contractor, your business may experience benefits from offering financing that you won't see with offering other payment methods. Contractors who offer every customer a choice of payment options can see an increase in leads, more closed jobs, larger average project sizes, and more. Plus, we handle the heavy lifting of what a financing program entails so you can focus your attention on what you do best. How much does it cost to use a Regions Home Improvement Financing loan program? There are no fixed or required costs for contractors to work with us. Many of our most popular loan products have a dealer fee. Dealer fees are clearly communicated so you know exactly what they will be each time, and there are no hidden or surprise fees. We don't charge merchant processing fees or program membership fees. You only pay for what you use. What's the difference between creating and joining a contractor-offered financing program? For smaller home improvement businesses, joining our direct loan program is an easy way to begin offering financing to your customers. Contact us to join a program . If your organization is a trade group, manufacturer, or other network of contractors, installers, or authorized home improvement dealers, you can create a private label loan program. To learn more about creating a program, contact us at 800.262.1655. How fast can a homeowner be approved for contractor-offered financing? It depends on the homeowner. Often, they can receive a credit decision within minutes, so you can complete the entire application experience while you're in the home. Sometimes, however, more information is needed to complete the application, so it can take a little longer. If a customer has a question about their credit decision, they can call our customer service team at 1.888.390.1220. Do Regions Home Improvement Financing loan programs include pre-approval options? Your customers can now start the application process by utilizing the PreQualify feature. With this process, both you and the homeowner can get a better idea of what they can afford, with no hit to their credit. 1 This allows you to sell on value rather than price, and better recommend products and manage scope. You are here: Home Small Business Banking, Credit Cards & Loans Home Improvement Financing for Contractors A hard credit check will take place if the homeowner applies for a loan. Personal Banking Wealth Small Business Commercial About Twitter icon Facebook icon Instagram icon Pinterest icon ] LinkedIn icon Investor Relations Economic reports News & community Property for sale Careers Privacy & security Website terms of use Online tracking & advertising Notice at collection Accessible banking Non-deposit products including investments, securities, mutual funds, insurance products, crypto assets and annuities: Are not FDIC-insured Are not bank guaranteed May lose value Are not deposits Are not a condition of any banking activity Are not insured by any government entity © 2025 Regions Bank. NMLS 174490. 1900 5th Avenue North, Birmingham, AL 35203. All Rights Reserved. Regions, the Regions logo, and the LifeGreen bike are registered trademarks of Regions Bank. The LifeGreen color is a trademark of Regions Bank. × We hope to see you again soon! You’re leaving Regions.com to visit an external website or app. Regions provides links to other websites or apps for your convenience and does not control the content, services or products provided on the linked website or app, whose Privacy and security policies or procedures may differ. Consult the policies or disclosures on their website.