EMTV | SSP FOR MOBILE AND CTV | ENGAGE MEDIA TV top of page Home Hadouken Production App Developers Technology About Careers Blog More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Book a Demo Effortlessly Monetize Your App and Boost Your Revenue 🚀 Discover the modern experience with EMTV tech: Engage Media TV offers unique monetization solutions for fellow app developers. VISION We’re Changing the Way the World Thinks About Monetization Our cutting-edge CTV and Mobile inventory is poised to revolutionize the world of publishing as we know it. We're not just here to help publishers make a quick buck – we're in it for the long haul, with a state-of-the-art AI  technology and content recommendation system that's designed to drive user engagement and reduce acquisition costs. We are committed to helping our partners grow their businesses and expand their reach like never before. Don't get left behind – join us now and be a part of the future! Publisher Solutions We Deliver Exceptional Platform and Services Around the World AUTONOMOUS MONETIZATION Our autonomous monetization service is powered by our super smart AI, "Zordon", who is here to help publishers fine-tune their monetization strategy effortlessly. With Zordon, publishers can easily block, filter or increase exposure at the request level, without lifting a finger. Our AI-driven system ensures the highest level of optimization, allowing publishers to maximize their revenue and reach their audience more effectively than ever before. Read More REAL-TIME INFORMATION Our Knowledge Intelligence and Tracking Technology (KITT) is the perfect solution for publishers who want to harness the power of data to drive success. With KITT, publishers can gain valuable insights into their audience, make data-driven decisions to optimize their content and grow their business.  KITT is the ultimate partner that helps publishers achieve their goals. Read More WHY EMTV Former Publishers Leading a New Era in Ad Tech As former publishers ourselves, our unique perspective fuels a rebellion against the status quo in the industry. We provide innovative services beyond traditional ad tech solutions, to help nurture and support our publishers as valuable business partners. Join us as we build a brighter future for publishers everywhere. Read More EMTV In Numbers 600M MONTHLY AUCTIONS 12.5% AVG REVENUE UPLIFT 100M UNIQUE USERS 326 PARTNERS INDUSTRY Our Partners Our handpicked partners, top DSPs, brands and publishers, prioritize providing a superior experience for everyone involved in the value chain - from consumers to advertisers. With a focus on quality, we ensure access to premium inventory and innovative ad solutions that drive results. Our partners offer excellence and value for advertisers and publishers alike. EQUATIV ICL International FILMZIE DARK MATTER OUR STUDIO We’re highly passionate about the content we produce Hadouken Productions As publishers, we have deep-seated roots that have helped us grow and thrive. Our passion for content, whether it's the thrilling world of gaming or the exciting realm of Table Top RPG, beats strong within us. With the launch of Dice Rollers TV on the horizon, we're eager to share our love for all things nerdy with the world. Our content is crafted by nerds, for nerds, and we couldn't be more excited to bring it to life. EMTV Technology About Email: info@engagemedia.tv Careers 1460 Broadway, New York, NY 10036, United States Privacy Policy SUBSCRIBE Sign up to receive EMTV news and updates. Email Subscribe Thanks for submitting! © 2025 Engage Media TV bottom of page