Engel & Völkers - Global Luxury Real Estate Engel & Völkers Choose a country where you want to buy or sell At Engel & Völkers, we operate in 35 countries worldwide. Step into a world of tailormade experiences and localized expertise searchBar Spain Italy Germany United States of America (USA) Andorra Austria Bahamas Belgium Belize British Virgin Islands Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Czechia Denmark France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Liechtenstein Luxembourg Mauritius Mexico Netherlands Panama Portugal South Africa Spain Switzerland Turks and Caicos Islands United Arab Emirates (UAE) United States of America (USA) Uruguay Select country Select country Visit website Engel & Völkers Setting the Standard for Luxury Real Estate Worldwide At Engel & Völkers, we specialize in premium real estate, offering an exclusive portfolio of luxury properties in 35 countries. From elegant city apartments to breathtaking coastal villas, our global reach provides access to the finest homes in the world’s most desirable locations. Germany more than 400 shops Explore the Engel & Völkers Germany website United States of America more than 240 shops Explore the Engel & Völkers US website Spain more than 90 shops Explore the Engel & Völkers Spain website Italy more than 100 shops Explore the Engel & Völkers Italy website Dubai 2 Engel & Völkers shops Explore the Engel & Völkers Dubai website We know the world of our clients From Rome to Buenos Aires and from New York to Paris – Engel & Völkers is represented all over the world. We are connected to all kinds of people. Whether in their favourite café in Berlin-Mitte, at the polo tournament in Dubai or in the marina on the Côte d'Azur – they all have one thing in common: the special demand for high-quality real estate. Local market knowledge Our well-educated and internally trained real estate professionals will consult you with sound market and subject knowledge. Worldwide network With over 1,000 locations in more than 35 countries, we have a unique global network of potential buyers. Individual service We offer a tailored service from the first consultation to the successful signing of the contract. First-class living also in your second home Discover More Your elegant first home Discover More Prestige with horsepower Discover More How we celebrate appreciation Discover More Discretion via Private Office Discover More Discover maritime worlds Discover More View Gallery Engel & Völkers locations Real estate agents worldwide From Tuscany to Majorca, enjoy living in one of the most beautiful places in the world. Our local experts look forward to finding your dream property. Africa Mauritius South Africa Asia United Arab Emirates (UAE) Europe Andorra Austria Belgium Switzerland Czechia Germany Denmark Spain France Greece Croatia Hungary Ireland Italy Liechtenstein Luxembourg Netherlands Portugal North America Bahamas Belize Canada Costa Rica Cayman Islands Mexico Panama Turks and Caicos Islands United States of America (USA) British Virgin Islands South America Chile Colombia Uruguay Contact us up Vancouverstraße 2a, 20457 Hamburg, Germany +4940361310 instagram facebook linkedin twitter youtube xing tiktok Manage cookie settings Cookie policy Privacy policy Imprint