Skip to main content
Cookies on the NHS England website
We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We'd also like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about our cookies before you choose.  

Change my preferences I'm OK with analytics cookies

Home
 
News
 
Publications
 
Statistics
 
Blogs
 
Events
 
Contact us
Search
 
Search
About us
 
Our work
 
Commissioning
 
Get involved
We lead the NHS in England to deliver high quality services for all

If you are looking for information about health conditions and NHS services please visit NHS.uk.

My Planned Care gives you advice and support while you wait and helps you to prepare for your hospital consultation, treatment, or surgery.

NHS league tables

These league tables provide a view of how NHS trusts are performing in key services including urgent and emergency care, elective services, mental health and more.

Fit for the Future: 10 Year Health Plan for England

The 10 Year Health Plan for England seizes the opportunities provided by new technologies, medicines, and innovations to deliver better care for all patients – wherever they live and whatever they earn – and better value for taxpayers.

It is making 3 big shifts to how the NHS works:

from hospital to community
from analogue to digital
from sickness to prevention

To find out what the next decade of health and care looks like, read Fit for the Future: 10 Year Health Plan for England.

Medium Term Planning Framework - delivering change together 2026/27 to 2028/29

The Medium Term Planning Framework – delivering change together 2026/27 to 2028/29 is the NHS’s most ambitious plan in a generation, setting out how waiting times will be dramatically reduced and local care restored over the next 3 years while resetting the foundations to deliver the 10 Year Health Plan.

Urgent and emergency care plan 2025/26

This plan sets out how we’ll resuscitate urgent and emergency care, with a focus on getting patients out of corridors, keeping more ambulances on the road, and enable those ready to leave hospital to do so as soon as possible.

Reforming elective care for patients

Our plan sets out how the NHS will reform elective care services and meet the 18 week referral to treatment standard by March 2029.

Digital transformation

Helping health and care professionals communicate better.

Elective care

How we are improving experience and giving people choice and control for elective care services.

Workforce

How we can put the NHS workforce on a sustainable footing and meet future challenges.

Mental health

Improving outcomes and experiences of people with mental health problems.

Integrated care

Giving people the support they need and removing disjointed care.

Cancer

Making sure everyone with cancer receives care, support and treatment.

Urgent and emergency care

Ensuring patients get the right care whenever they need it.

Primary care

Offering patients a wider choice of personalised health services.

Health inequalities improvement

Tackling health inequalities and advancing equality and diversity across the NHS.

NHS IMPACT

Delivering continuous improvement across the NHS.

NHS @home

Providing better connected, more personalised care in homes and care homes.

News and blogs
NHS diabetes prevention scheme helps one million people
 30 December 2025
Diabetes

Nearly one million people in England have started a specialist NHS scheme which can prevent or delay the onset of Type 2 diabetes, according to new analysis. The NHS’s Healthier You Programme is a clinically proven weight management and lifestyle change initiative, and was one of the world’s first diabetes prevention schemes when it was launched in 2016. […]

NHS former chief executive among health service honours
 29 December 2025
About usWorkforce
Record numbers using NHS App to manage health
 24 December 2025
10 Year Health PlanNHS 111Patient care

See all blog posts

See all news

Terms and conditions
Privacy and cookies
Social media moderation
Website feedback
Accessibility statement
Open Government Licence v3.0
Sign up to our email bulletins
 
Follow us on X
 
Follow us on Facebook
 
Find us on Instagram
 
Visit us on LinkedIn
 
Watch videos on YouTube