English Heritage
Visit
About us
Support us
Learn
Shop
Join
Search
Members' Area
https://www.facebook.com/englishheritage
https://twitter.com/englishheritage
Basket
https://www.youtube.com/user/EnglishHeritageFilm
https://instagram.com/englishheritage
Make new memories this winter

Embrace the season and explore England's heritage at hundreds of sites across the country. Roam around amazing ruins, uncover incredible stories, enjoy the quiet magic of winter gardens or get involved with festive family fun.

Whatever you love doing, we’ve got the perfect place for you.

Find a day out 

Join

Become a member today from £42 a year and enjoy a host of benefits including free entry for you and up to six kids.

Join
Visit

Enjoy a memorable day out at one of over 400 historic places across the country

Explore
Find the Flock

Gather the family to track down twelve super-sized sculptures of Shaun the Sheep at Belsay Hall and Wrest Park until 25 January 2026

Book tickets today
Visit between Christmas and New Year

Wrap up the year with a memorable winter day out at our properties. We’re open between Christmas and New Year for you to explore England’s history, whether you're looking for a peaceful wander by yourself or planning a big family day out.

 

Plan your visit between Christmas and New Year
Find places to visit
Search
Learning and schools

Inspire the next generation with unique and memorable experiences. From the Stone Age to the Cold War, discover any of our 400 properties and let your students stand at the places where history happened.

 

There are loads of learning opportunities available, from online resources to expert-led visits and free self-led visits. 

Discover more
Your Places Appeal

Over 300 of our treasured sites are free for everybody to explore and enjoy. But free to enter doesn't mean free to maintain. It costs over £4.2 million a year to care for these special places – and that's why we need your help. 

Please donate to our appeal today to help protect them for tomorrow.

Donate to our appeal today
Keep in touch

We’d love to hear from you if you have any questions or feedback. Find out how to contact us, and sign up to get our monthly newsletter for regular updates.

Contact us
Latest news
See all news

13 Nov 2025

Historic Plaque to Alice in Wonderland Illustrator Returns to London Streets After 65 Years in Storage

A rare early plaque honouring Alice in Wonderland illustrator and political cartoonist Sir John Tenniel has been conserved and reinstalled at a new London location.

30 Oct 2025

Dracula isn’t the only one out for blood this Halloween

This Halloween, we are partnering with NHS Blood and Transplant to offer visitors the chance to discover something truly spine-tingling: their own blood type. 

24 Oct 2025

English Heritage unveils mysterious CCTV image and haunting new tales from historic sites

From whispers of ghostly piano music to figures fading into the mist, a spine-tingling array of new ghostly goings on have been reported by English Heritage staff based at castles, abbeys and historic houses across the country.

Visit
Places to Visit
What's on
Family days out
Group visits
Stay
Holiday cottages
Cottages by the sea
Special offers
Weddings and venue hire
Support us
Join
Donate
Volunteer
Shop
Learn
School visits
Histories
Story of England
Meet our experts
About us
Contact us
Careers with us
Press office
Registered Charity 1140351
Cookie policy
Accessibility
Privacy policy
Safeguarding Policy
Freedom of Information
Modern Slavery Statement
Terms and Conditions
Contacting us
Our phone lines are down at the moment – we’re working hard to fix them and they should be back up soon.


In the meantime, you can find answers to common questions on our Visit or Membership FAQs page or send us an email at customers@english-heritage.org.uk


This website uses cookies
We use cookies on this website to help improve user experience, tailor advertising and personalise content. These cookies are stored on your device and are placed by us and our trusted partners. You can manage your choices below. All cookies will be enabled if you accept all. Find out more.
SHOW ALL PARTNERS (9) →
Strictly necessary
Performance
Targeting
Functionality
Accept All
Decline All
 Show details
COOKIE DECLARATION
ABOUT COOKIES
ADVERTISING SETTINGS
Strictly necessary
Performance
Targeting
Functionality
Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies.
NAME	PROVIDER / DOMAIN	EXPIRATION	DESCRIPTION
CookieScriptConsent	
CookieScript
.english-heritage.org.uk	1 month	This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
ASP.NET_SessionId	
Microsoft Corporation
www.english-heritage.org.uk	Session	General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written with Miscrosoft .NET based technologies. Usually used to maintain an anonymised user session by the server.
mage-cache-sessid	
Adobe Inc.
www.english-heritageshop.org.uk	1 hour	The value of this cookie triggers the cleanup of local cache storage. When the cookie is removed by the backend application, the Admin cleans up local storage, and sets the cookie value to true.
recently_viewed_product	
Adobe Inc.
www.english-heritageshop.org.uk	1 hour	Stores product IDs of recently viewed products for easy navigation.
TiPMix	.www.english-heritage.org.uk	1 hour	This cookie is set by websites run on the Windows Azure cloud platform. It is used for load balancing to make sure the visitor page requests are routed to the same server in any browsing session.
recently_compared_product_previous	
Adobe Inc.
www.english-heritageshop.org.uk	1 hour	Stores product IDs of previously compared products for easy navigation.
UserId	webchat.botframework.com	Session	Non-Identifying user ID used by BotFramework
__cf_bm	
Cloudflare Inc.
.r1-t.trackedlink.net	30 minutes	This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
mage-messages	
Adobe Inc.
www.english-heritageshop.org.uk	1 hour	Tracks error messages and other notifications that are shown to the user, such as the cookie consent message, and various error messages. The message is deleted from the cookie after it is shown to the shopper.
receive-cookie-deprecation	.doubleclick.net	6 months	This cookie is used to signal to the website owner about the deprecation of cookies being received by the system, ensuring compliance and adaptability with evolving web standards and privacy legislation.
recently_viewed_product_previous	
Adobe Inc.
www.english-heritageshop.org.uk	1 hour	Stores product IDs of recently previously viewed products for easy navigation.
_pk_id.475.369b	www.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year	This period shows the length of the period at which a service can store and/or read certain data from your computer by using a cookie, a pixel, an API, cookieless tracking, or other resources.
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA	
YouTube
.youtube.com	6 months	This cookie is used to store the user's consent and privacy choices for their interaction with the site. It records data on the visitor's consent regarding various privacy policies and settings, ensuring that their preferences are honored in future sessions.
receive-cookie-deprecation	.adnxs.com	1 year 1 month	This cookie is used to signal to the website owner about the deprecation of cookies being received by the system, ensuring compliance and adaptability with evolving web standards and privacy legislation.
.ASPXANONYMOUS	
Microsoft Corporation
www.english-heritage.org.uk	2 months 9 days	This cookie is used by sites using the .NET technology platform from Microsoft. It enables the site to maintain an anonymous user-id to track unique users within a session without them logging in or otherwise identifying themselves.
ARRAffinity	
Microsoft Corporation
.www.english-heritage.org.uk	Session	This cookie is set by websites run on the Windows Azure cloud platform. It is used for load balancing to make sure the visitor page requests are routed to the same server in any browsing session.
product_data_storage	
Adobe Inc.
www.english-heritageshop.org.uk	1 hour	Stores configuration for product data related to Recently Viewed / Compared Products.
CookieScriptConsent	
CookieScript
www.english-heritageshop.org.uk	1 month	This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
_dan_uid	.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year 1 month	collects non identifying session info
JSESSIONID	
Oracle Corporation
.nr-data.net	Session	General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server.
__cf_bm	
Cloudflare Inc.
.vimeo.com	30 minutes	This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
recently_compared_product	
Adobe Inc.
www.english-heritageshop.org.uk	1 hour	Stores product IDs of recently compared products.
.EPiForm_VisitorIdentifier	
Episerver
www.english-heritage.org.uk	3 months	Functionality-related. Identifies the form submission to the site when a visitor submits data to via an Optimizely form. Stores a GUID which is the visitor identifier. Persistent (90 days from creation).
__RequestVerificationToken	
Microsoft Corporation
www.english-heritage.org.uk	Session	This is an anti-forgery cookie set by web applications built using ASP.NET MVC technologies. It is designed to stop unauthorised posting of content to a website, known as Cross-Site Request Forgery. It holds no information about the user and is destroyed on closing the browser.
_dan_ses	.english-heritage.org.uk	30 minutes	collects timestamps and non identifying session info
.EPiForm_BID	www.english-heritage.org.uk	3 months	Functionality-related. Identifies the form submission made to the site when a visitor submits data via an Optimizely form. Stores a GUID as the browser ID. Persistent (90 days from creation).
x-ms-routing-name	
Microsoft
.www.english-heritage.org.uk	1 hour	Used by Azure when determining which web server the user should be directed to.
_pk_ses.475.369b	
Matomo (formerly Piwik)
www.english-heritage.org.uk	30 minutes	This period shows the length of the period at which a service can store and/or read certain data from your computer by using a cookie, a pixel, an API, cookieless tracking, or other resources.
Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor.
NAME	PROVIDER / DOMAIN	EXPIRATION	DESCRIPTION
_ga_QK86RM1N34	.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year 1 month	This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state.
ai_user	
Microsoft Corporation
www.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year	This cookie name is associated with the Microsoft Application Insights software, which collects statictical usage and telemetry information for apps built on the Azure cloud platform. This is a unique user identifier cookie enabling counting of the number of users accessing the application over time.
__adal_ses	.english-heritage.org.uk	30 minutes	This cookie is used to track user sessions for analytics purposes, helping to understand user interaction and engagement with the website during a single session.
_ga_784HTPSBDE	.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year 1 month	This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state.
_gid	
Google LLC
.english-heritage.org.uk	1 day	This cookie name is associated with Google Analytics. It is used by gtag.js and analytics.js scripts and according to Google Analytics this cookie is used to distinguish users.
_ga	
Google LLC
.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year 1 month	This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
__adal_cw	.english-heritage.org.uk	7 days	This cookie is used to gather information regarding visitor activity on the website through the Adalyser platform, helping to track and improve advertising campaign performance.
_gat_shorthand	
Google Analytics
.english-heritage.org.uk	60 seconds	Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate (limit the collection of data on high traffic sites)
ai_session	
Microsoft Corporation
www.english-heritage.org.uk	30 minutes	This cookie name is associated with the Microsoft Application Insights software, which collects statictical usage and telemetry information for apps built on the Azure cloud platform. This is a unique anonymous session identifier cookie.
ar_debug	.doubleclick.net	1 month	This cookie is used for troubleshooting and analytical purposes, intended to track errors and improve services by providing insights into how the website is functioning.
Targeting cookies are used to identify visitors between different websites, eg. content partners, banner networks. Those cookies may be used by companies to build a profile of visitor interests or show relevant ads on other websites.
NAME	PROVIDER / DOMAIN	EXPIRATION	DESCRIPTION
lantern	.english-heritage.org.uk	1 month	Stores a reference to a visit to allow attribution of a sale to marketing channels.
__adal_id	.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year 1 month	This cookie is used for tracking user interactions and engagement with the website to enhance user experience and for marketing purposes. It helps in attributing visits to the website to the sources they came from, both on the website itself and from third-party websites.
anj	
Xandr Inc.
.adnxs.com	3 months	This cookie contains data denoting whether a cookie ID is synced with an AppNexus partner.
GCL_AW_P	
Google
.googleadservices.com	3 months	This cookie is used by Google Ad Services to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and to improve the relevancy of ads presented to users.
_uetsid	
Microsoft Corporation
.english-heritage.org.uk	1 day	This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.
_gcl_au	
Google LLC
.english-heritage.org.uk	3 months	Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services
msd365mkttr	www.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year	This cookie is used to track user interaction and behavior on the website for marketing purposes. It helps in understanding user preferences and optimizing marketing campaigns accordingly.
cid	
Adform A/S
.ctnsnet.com	1 year	This cookie is used to improve advertising for website visitors. It can redirect more relevant advertisements to the visitor, and helps improve reports on campaign performance
mc	
Quality Unit LLC
.quantserve.com	1 year 1 month	This cookie is usually provided by Quantserve to track anonymous information about how website visitors use the site.
MUID	
Microsoft Corporation
.bing.com	1 year	This cookie is widely used my Microsoft as a unique user identifier. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
cid_[abcdef0123456789]{32}	.ctnsnet.com	1 year	The ctnsnet.com domain is used for the Crimtan tracking cookie.
msd365mkttrs	www.english-heritage.org.uk	Session	This cookie is used to track visitor and user interactions with the website to optimize marketing efforts and conversion rates by gathering data on user behavior.
_gcl_aw	
Google
.english-heritage.org.uk	3 months	Measures Google ad clicks and conversions and can also be used for remarketing
XANDR_PANID	
Xandr Inc.
.adnxs.com	3 months	This cookie is used to deliver ads more relevant to you and your interests. It is also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
attribution_user_id	
Typeform
.typeform.com	1 year	Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes.
_gcl_dc	
Google
.english-heritage.org.uk	3 months	This cookie is used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
uuid2	
Xandr Inc.
.adnxs.com	3 months	This cookie allows targeted advertising through the AppNexus platform - collects anonymous data on ad views IP adddress, page views, and more.
YSC	
Google LLC
.youtube.com	Session	This cookie is set by YouTube to track views of embedded videos.
iutk	
Issuu Inc.
.issuu.com	6 months	Recognises the user's device and what Issuu documents have been read.
IDE	
Google LLC
.doubleclick.net	1 year	This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website.
_gcl_gs	.english-heritage.org.uk	3 months	Google Conversion linker are used to help tags measure click data so that conversions are measured effectively.
__adal_ca	.english-heritage.org.uk	6 months	This cookie is associated with conversion tracking to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, tracking conversion rates and ad performance.
_fbp	
Meta Platform Inc.
.english-heritage.org.uk	3 months	Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers
_uetvid	
Microsoft Corporation
.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year	This is a cookie utilised by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows us to engage with a user that has previously visited our website.
A3	
Yahoo! Inc.
.yahoo.com	1 year	Ads targeting cookie for Yahoo.
Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content.
NAME	PROVIDER / DOMAIN	EXPIRATION	DESCRIPTION
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE	
Google LLC
.youtube.com	6 months	This cookie is set by Youtube to keep track of user preferences for Youtube videos embedded in sites;it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the Youtube interface.
MSPTC	
Microsoft
.bing.com	1 year	This cookie is used to track user engagement and interaction with the website to enhance customer experience and website functionality. It may collect information about how users navigate and use the site, helping to identify preferences and improve service delivery.
ClientDate	
www.english-heritage.org.uk
www.english-heritage.org.uk	Session	date of that particular session
_cfuvid	.vimeo.com	Session	This cookie is used for purposes of tracking users across sessions to optimize user experience by maintaining session consistency and providing personalized services.
AWSALBTGCORS	
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
englishheritage.typeform.com	7 days	AWS Application Load Balancer Cookie. Load Balancing Cookie: It includes the same information as the original stickiness cookie plus this SameSite attribute.
bid	.consentag.eu	5 months	Used for internal website analytics.
vuid	
Vimeo.com Inc.
.vimeo.com	1 year 1 month	These cookies are used by the Vimeo video player on websites.
__tmbid	www.english-heritage.org.uk	1 year	Third party consented relevant advertising.
tf_respondent_cc	
Typeform
.typeform.com	6 months 3 days	This cookie collects information regarding the website visitor's navigation throughout the site and the efficacy of the advertisements shown to the visitor during their navigation.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser.

You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page.
We also use cookies to collect data for the purpose of personalizing and measuring the effectiveness of our advertising. For more details, visit the Google Privacy Policy.
Purposes
Features
Vendors
Cookie report created by CookieScript