Enplug - Cloud-Based Digital Signage Software - Spectrio CES 2026 | Jan. 8 @ 2PM | Experience-Driven Retail with Spectrio CEO Tamara Bebb Learn More Spectrio Solutions Digital Signage Engage Interactive Kiosks Interact Content Creation Create Audience Measurement Measure Retail Media Network Optimize Overhead Music Inspire WiFi Marketing Connect On-Hold Messaging Inform Scent Marketing Enhance Industries Automotive Banks & Finance Bars & Nightlife Convenience Dental Education Franchise Gym Fitness Healthcare Hospitality Manufacturing Real Estate QSR/ Restaurants Retail Salon and Spa Senior Living Sports/Large Venues Veterinary Resources About Us Blog Careers Case Studies Company News Contact Us Guides Partner Program Software Support Center Testimonials Webinars Support Log In Get a Demo Solutions Digital Signage Engage Interactive Kiosks Interact Content Creation Create Audience Measurement Measure Retail Media Network Optimize Overhead Music Inspire WiFi Marketing Connect On-Hold Messaging Inform Scent Marketing Enhance Industries Automotive Banks & Finance Bars & Nightlife Convenience Dental Education Franchise Gym Fitness Healthcare Hospitality Manufacturing Real Estate QSR/ Restaurants Retail Salon and Spa Senior Living Sports/Large Venues Veterinary Pricing Resources About Us Blog Careers Case Studies Company News Contact Us Guides Partner Program Software Support Center Testimonials Webinars Support Log In Get a Demo ENPLUG IS NOW SPECTRIO! Enplug Discover the industry’s most engaging, intuitive and reliable way to display communications on any screen! Log In Enplug Client Login Customer Support Software Download POWERING OVER 150,000 LOCATIONS AROUND THE WORLD THE SPECTRIO DIFFERENCE Get More with Spectrio We offer you more than Digital Signage Software for your business. Our comprehensive suite of solutions helps you inspire action through communication. Use the Audience Engagement Software proven to solve your unique challenges. ENGAGE Digital Signage From menu boards to the waiting room, from the showroom floor to the point of sale, digital signage catches people’s attention and delivers your most important messaging. Learn More INTERACT Interactive Kiosks Give customers an endless amount of interactive information at their fingertips, allowing them to explore your brand and learn about your business at their own pace. Learn More INFORM On-Hold Marketing Many customers still prefer picking up the phone and calling in as their first point of contact with your business. On-Hold Marketing helps you to effectively answer that call. Learn More INSPIRE On-Premise Messaging Set the tone for your customers’ visits with Spectrio’s mix of overhead music and messaging. Browse through our library of turnkey playlists to find one that matches the mood of your business, or our team of On-Premise Messaging experts can craft one for you. Learn More CONNECT WiFi Marketing Make your waiting room experience a pleasant one with our enhanced WiFi Marketing. Allow guests to browse both the web and your offerings, all while collecting valuable information about their wants, needs, and related search habits. Learn More ENHANCE Scent Marketing Appealing to a customer through their sense of smell is a subtle, subliminal way to create a memorable experience that results in consumer spending and long term brand loyalty. Learn More Promote Products Up-sell and cross-sell products and services, engage customers with sales and promotions, and increase unplanned purchases. Engage Customers In store customers report to perceive a shorter wait time when they hear music they like in-store. Increase ROI Drive revenue and help you cross-sell high-margin products and services at your car dealership. BENEFITS The Power of Spectrio Spectrio leverages its years of experience across multiple industries to help your business connect with customers both on-premise and online. The benefits of relying on our suite of solutions include: Improving your buying experience by showcasing prices, service offerings, and promotions on our customizable, engaging menu boards. Easy collection of valuable customer data and information with Spectrio’s simple, automated campaigns. Enhancing your customers’ on-premise experience, increasing buying potential, and raising employee productivity with our mix of music and messaging. Increased up-selling, cross-selling, and unplanned purchases, as our software delivers your important messaging to customers at just the right moment. Get Started with Spectrio Today Take the next step towards increasing your customer engagement Get a Demo Spectrio Solutions Digital Signage Interactive Kiosks Wi-Fi Marketing Overhead Music On-Hold Marketing Scent Marketing Company About Spectrio Acquisitions Company News Contact Us Careers Community Involvement Resources Case Studies Guides & Insights Knowledge Base Spectrio Blog Support Center Testimonials Webinars Get a Demo Headquarters 7624 Bald Cypress Place Tampa, FL 33614 Tel: 800-584-4653 Fax: 727-785-7659 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Trust Center Sitemap © 2025 Spectrio LLC. All rights reserved.