Customers
Communities
Investors
Operations
Newsroom
About us
Outages
myEntergy
How can we help you?
Follow a manual added link
myEntergy
View and pay
your bill
		
Follow a manual added link
Outage map
Check your
power status
		
Link to: Entergy Storm Center – Stay informed, stay safe
Storm Center
Be prepared
for bad weather
		
Follow a manual added link
Moving?
Start, stop
or move service
		
Follow a manual added link
Jobs
Grow your career
with us
Featured content
Follow a manual added link
Energy bill toolkit

Tools to help you save money with energy efficiency and bill assistance programs.

Link to: Energy efficiency
Energy efficiency

Programs and tools to help you save energy and money.

Link to: Entergy Future Ready
Entergy Future Ready

Infrastructure investments, clean energy and customer solutions for a better future.

Link to: Performance Report
2024 Performance Report

Read about our progress towards our common goals.

Latest news
Entergy Arkansas employees empowered to help neighbors in need
December 26, 2025
Entergy Arkansas has directed $30,000 to hunger-relief efforts statewide at the request of employees who saw needs in their communities.
Read more
Entergy Arkansas announces comprehensive plan to increase power capacity, reduce outages by at least 30%, power the state’s growth and job-creation efforts and keep rates affordable
December 18, 2025
“Next Generation Arkansas” is a customer-focused, employee-led initiative to provide power that does even more for Arkansas today and tomorrow
Read more
Entergy Texas declares quarterly dividend on preferred stock
December 18, 2025
Entergy Texas declares quarterly dividend on preferred stock THE…
Read more
Entergy demolishes retired Baxter Wilson plant
December 17, 2025
Entergy Mississippi demolished key large structures at the retired Baxter Wilson Steam Electric Station near Vicksburg Dec. 17. Once cleared, the site will become the home of the new Vicksburg Advanced Power Station, an advanced natural gas power plant under construction and expected to be operational in August 2028.
Read more
Hut 8 selects Entergy, Southeast Louisiana for $10 billion artificial intelligence data center
December 17, 2025
Hut 8, an energy infrastructure platform integrating power, digital infrastructure and computing at scale to fuel next-generation, energy-intensive use cases, announced it will develop the River Bend artificial intelligence data center campus in Southeast Louisiana. The project represents a up to $10 billion investment in Phase I, including Hut 8’s investment in data center infrastructure.
Read more
Energy Smart launches winter savings initiative
December 15, 2025
As the weather cools and residents prepare for the holiday season, Energy Smart is helping income-eligible households stay comfortable and save on energy bills with a free Google Nest Thermostat from now until Dec. 31, while supplies last.
Read more
Read more news stories on the Entergy Newsroom
 
Our companies

Entergy Arkansas
Entergy Louisiana
Entergy Mississippi
Entergy New Orleans
Entergy Texas

myEntergy account

Report an outage
Make a payment
Login or sign up
Account support

Additional links

Career opportunities
Entergy surveys in progress

Connect with us

Contact us
@Entergy on social media

© 2025 Entergy Corporation. All rights reserved.

Accessibility | Privacy policy | Terms of use