Enterprise Car Sales | Find Used Cars Online or at a Dealership Near You COVID-19 UPDATE Detecting Nearest Rooftop Nearest Rooftop Unknown Detecting Nearest Rooftop Nearest Rooftop Unknown Buy A Car Search Vehicles Digital Dealership Experience Buy A Car Online Recent Arrivals Vehicle Locator Protection Products Total Loss Replacement Sell Or Trade A Car Online Vehicle Valuation In-Person Trade-In Appraisal Our Appraisal Process Financing Apply for Financing First Time Car Buyer Financing Tips Car Financing Guide Car Payment Calculators Locations Find a Location Vehicle Transfer Special Offers First Time Buyer Sign Up for Email Offers Why Enterprise How Enterprise Makes It Easy Certified Used Advantage Why Buy a Rental Car About Enterprise Car Sales FAQs For Business Buying for Business Buy a Medium-Duty Truck Menu Buy A Car Search Vehicles Digital Dealership Experience Buy A Car Online Recent Arrivals Vehicle Locator Protection Products Total Loss Replacement Sell Or Trade A Car Online Vehicle Valuation In-Person Trade-In Appraisal Our Appraisal Process Financing Apply for Financing First Time Car Buyer Financing Tips Car Financing Guide Car Payment Calculators Locations Find a Location Vehicle Transfer Special Offers First Time Buyer Sign Up for Email Offers Why Enterprise How Enterprise Makes It Easy Certified Used Advantage Why Buy a Rental Car About Enterprise Car Sales FAQs For Business Buying for Business Buy a Medium-Duty Truck Home > Homepage - Version 4 Buy. Sell. Trade. Enterprise makes it easy.® Don't miss our limited-time trade-in offer. June 1-30. Terms apply. View Offer Shop Price Shop Type Shop Make Shop MPG Under $20K $20K-$25K $25K-$30K $30K–$40K $40K-$50K Over $50K Cargo Van Convertible Coupe Diesel Electric Hatchback Hybrid Luxury SUV/Crossover Sedan Sports Car Truck Van/Minivan Wagon Acura Alfa Romeo Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge FIAT Ford GMC Genesis Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln MINI Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mitsubishi Nissan Polestar Ram Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo hyundai nissan toyota >15 MPG >20 MPG >25 MPG >30 MPG >35 MPG >40 MPG >45 MPG >50 MPG View Vehicles Cars with payments under $400/month.* Shop Now Shop vehicles under $20,000 Shop Now Shop 2024-2025 Vehicles Shop Now Looking to Sell or Trade a Car? Learn More Start your purchase online. Shop Now Our Standard of Care Learn More Find a Dealership Near You USE MY LOCATION VIEW ALL DEALERSHIPS Sign Up For Email Offers First Name * Last Name * E-Mail Address * ZIP * By clicking Submit, you would like to receive email promotions and offers from Enterprise (as well as affiliated entities). You also agree that we can use your information and interactions with emails to perform analytics and produce content and ads tailored to your interests. You may see these tailored advertisements and offers on non-Enterprise sites, including on social media and digital advertising platforms. There is no charge and you can unsubscribe at any time by (i) using the links provided in the emails, (ii) managing your preferences in your Enterprise Plus (Emerald Club) profile or (iii) contacting us. Please consult our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy to find out more. Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. *$400/month payment based on a vehicle price of $24,250, down payment of $4,700, with $19,550 financed for a 72-month term at 13.77% APR. For qualified buyers only. APR, credit extended and approval based upon the applicant’s credit history, payment history and ability to repay the credit extended. Not all applicants will qualify. APR = Annual Percentage Rate. Example does not include applicable taxes and fees. Facebook-square Youtube Twitter X Wht Instagram 888-227-7253 Used vehicles were previously part of the Enterprise rental fleet and/or an affiliated company’s lease fleet or purchased by Enterprise from sources including auto auctions, customer trade-ins or from other sources, with a possible previous use including rental, lease, transportation network company or other use. Quick Links Purchase Used Cars Buy a Car Trade a Car Apply for Financing Find a Location About Us How Enterprise Makes It Easy Careers Articles Mobility Solutions Car Rental Truck Rental Exotic Car Rental CarShare Commute with Enterprise For Business Buying for Business Business Rental Program Fleet Management Home About Enterprise Car Sales Contact Us Customers with Disabilities Sitemap Automotive websites by Jazel Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement Privacy Choices AdChoices Used vehicles were previously part of the Enterprise rental fleet and/or an affiliated company’s lease fleet or purchased by Enterprise from sources including auto auctions, customer trade-ins or from other sources, with a possible previous use including rental, lease, transportation network company or other use. The “e” logo, Enterprise, “Enterprise Certified®”, “Enterprise Car Sales”  & “Buy. Sell. Trade. Enterprise makes it easy.®” are all trademarks of Enterprise Holdings, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2025 Enterprise Holdings, Inc., 600 Corporate Park Dr., St. Louis, MO 63105, USA Enterprise Used Cars for Sale All of our used car dealerships offer no-haggle pricing, which makes it easy to compare national car sales online and find used car deals now at Enterprise car dealers near you. We offer a low-pressure used car sales experience to help you find quality used vehicles and rental cars for sale. Enterprise auto dealerships offer a wide variety of low mileage used cars for sale to fit your budget. Visit our nearby used car dealerships in your area to shop cars for sale. Compare used car prices on sedans , coupes , convertibles , hatchbacks , wagon s, sport utility , crossovers , hybrids , electric , and luxury cars . When you buy used cars from Enterprise Car Sales, you get our 7-day buyback , so if you change your mind, we’ll buy a car back with no questions asked. Compare used cars for sale by owner to our used car dealerships. Enterprise gives you up to 7 days or 1,000 mile return policy, which can help ensure your satisfaction when buying a used car. Plus, our used vehicles and rental cars for sale come with an Enterprise vehicle certification, 12/12 limited powertrain warranty and 12-month unlimited roadside assistance . Enterprise Car Sales inventory includes used cars , trucks , vans and SUVs that may be selected from the Enterprise Rent-A-Car fleet. Our used car website offers a large selection of used cars for sale near you, including: Chevy , Honda , Ford , Toyota , Dodge , Ram , Nissan , Hyundai , Kia , Chrysler , Mazda , Mitsubishi , Jeep , Volkswagen , GMC , Buick , BMW , Mercedes-Benz , Cadillac , Lincoln , Volvo , Infiniti , Lexus , Acura , Audi , Subaru , Land Rover , Fiat . Research our best offers on used auto sales to find low price cars for sale nationwide. Learn more about used car sales offers and car trade-in values at Enterprise Car Sales. Search Ecars listings to shop cars online . Find the location of Enterprise car dealerships nearby and hours open today. Email me about upcoming Enterprise offers. Used Cars Alabama Used Cars Arizona Used Cars California Used Cars Colorado Used Cars Connecticut Used Cars Delaware Used Cars Florida Used Cars Georgia Used Cars Illinois Used Cars Indiana Used Cars Iowa Used Cars Kansas Used Cars Kentucky Used Cars Louisiana Used Cars Maryland Used Cars Massachusetts Used Cars Michigan Used Cars Minnesota Used Cars Missouri Used Cars Nebraska Used Cars Nevada Used Cars New Hampshire Used Cars New Jersey Used Cars New Mexico Used Cars New York Used Cars North Carolina Used Cars Ohio Used Cars Oklahoma Used Cars Oregon Used Cars Pennsylvania Used Cars South Carolina Used Cars Texas Used Cars Tennessee Used Cars Utah Used Cars Virginia Used Cars Washington Used Cars West Virginia Used Cars Wisconsin Call Locations Shop Terms & Conditions 1 Vehicle Price includes all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes; also not included are title registration, tag, governmental fees, electronic filing charges (excluding CO), any emissions testing and/or state inspection fees, transfer fee, and any finance charges (if applicable). Price does not include processing, administrative, dealer conveyance fee, closing, dealer and handling, or similar fees of $409 or less, except in the following states where the advertised vehicle price is inclusive of this fee: CO, GA, IA, IN, KY, MA, NE, NH, NJ, and SC. In WA state, a documentary service fee in an amount up to $200 may be added to the purchase price or capitalized cost. Enterprise sells vehicles through licensed vehicle dealer subsidiaries that may charge varying fees based upon their cost structures.  Those dealers advertise jointly on this website. Vehicles subject to prior sale. We make every effort to provide accurate information including but not limited to price, miles and vehicle options, but please verify with your local Enterprise Car Sales location before purchasing. Current mileage may vary due to test drives and vehicle relocation. Used vehicles were previously part of Enterprise short-term rental and/or lease fleet or purchased by Enterprise from other sources including auto auctions, with previous use possibly short-term rental, lease or other. 2 EPA fuel economy ratings are provided by the vehicle manufacturer and may vary with vehicle use, condition and driving habits. 3 Payment based on amount financed for month term APR chosen when customer estimated payment using the site calculator. These calculators are for educational purposes only. Calculator results do not include tax, title, tags, governmental fees, and emissions testing charges. Calculator results does not include processing, administrative, closing, dealer and handling, or similar fees of $409 or less, except in the following states where the advertised No-Haggle price is inclusive of this fee: CO, FL, GA, IA, IN, KY, MA, NE, NH, NJ, and SC. Terms do not necessarily represent actual available credit terms. We do not guarantee the accuracy of the credit figures, or their applicability to your circumstances. We encourage you to seek advice from qualified financial service professionals regarding all your personal finance needs.  We encourage you to seek advice from qualified financial service professionals regarding all your personal finance needs. 4 Copyright © 2026 by Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Blue Book is a trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc. The specific information required to determine the value for each used vehicle is supplied by the dealer (or by a third party on behalf of the dealer). used Vehicle valuations are approximations and vary by vehicle, region, mileage, condition and vehicle options. Kelley Blue Book assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions. Terms & Conditions 1 Vehicle Price includes all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes; also not included are title registration, tag, governmental fees, electronic filing charges (excluding CO), any emissions testing and/or state inspection fees, transfer fee, and any finance charges (if applicable). Price does not include processing, administrative, dealer conveyance fee, closing, dealer and handling, or similar fees of $409 or less, except in the following states where the advertised vehicle price is inclusive of this fee: CO, GA, IA, IN, KY, MA, NE, NH, NJ, and SC. In WA state, a documentary service fee in an amount up to $200 may be added to the purchase price or capitalized cost. Enterprise sells vehicles through licensed vehicle dealer subsidiaries that may charge varying fees based upon their cost structures.  Those dealers advertise jointly on this website. Vehicles subject to prior sale. We make every effort to provide accurate information including but not limited to price, miles and vehicle options, but please verify with your local Enterprise Car Sales location before purchasing. Current mileage may vary due to test drives and vehicle relocation. Used vehicles were previously part of Enterprise short-term rental and/or lease fleet or purchased by Enterprise from other sources including auto auctions, with previous use possibly short-term rental, lease or other. 2 EPA fuel economy ratings are provided by the vehicle manufacturer and may vary with vehicle use, condition and driving habits. 3 Payment based on amount financed for month term APR chosen when customer estimated payment using the site calculator. These calculators are for educational purposes only. Calculator results do not include tax, title, tags, governmental fees, and emissions testing charges. Calculator results does not include processing, administrative, closing, dealer and handling, or similar fees of $409 or less, except in the following states where the advertised No-Haggle price is inclusive of this fee: CO, FL, GA, IA, IN, KY, MA, NE, NH, NJ, and SC. Terms do not necessarily represent actual available credit terms. We do not guarantee the accuracy of the credit figures, or their applicability to your circumstances. We encourage you to seek advice from qualified financial service professionals regarding all your personal finance needs. Terms & Conditions recent-model year: 75% of vehicles available for sale are 1-3 year old model vehicles & include at least 250 makes and models. more passenger vehicles: Based on IHS Markit Commercial New Registrations for January to December 2018. Kelley Blue Book®: Kelley Blue Book Trade-In Values used by Enterprise are obtained from ©2018 Kelley Blue Book Co.’s website KBB.com. Kelley Blue Book Trade-In Value is based on accurate condition rating & mileage of vehicle. Accurately appraising the condition of the vehicle is an important aspect of determining its Kelley Blue Book Trade-In Value. Kelley Blue Book valuation adjustments for vehicle mileage disproportionate to the age of the vehicle may be capped by Enterprise Car Sales at 20% of the vehicle’s base value. If a Kelley Blue Book Trade-In value is not available for customer’s vehicle Enterprise will provide a fair & competitive value for customer’s vehicle. Customer is responsible to any extent vehicle pay-off exceeds Enterprise offer. Customer must provide required proof of ownership/registration & all other necessary paperwork to transfer title. Restrictions apply. See a Sales Consultant for details or call 1-888-227-7253. Offer void where prohibited. CARFAX Vehicle History Report™: A free CARFAX Vehicle History Report™ is available for every vehicle we sell. limited powertrain warranty: Limited warranty begins on vehicle purchase date and extends for 12 months or 12,000 miles, whichever comes first. Restrictions apply. For details, see an Enterprise Car Sales Manager or call 1-888-227-7253. roadside assistance: Enterprise 12-Month Unlimited Mileage Roadside Assistance Package is provided by RESPONSE, a Florida Entity. Some limitations & restrictions apply. change your mind: For a period of 7 days after the date of purchase or 1,000 miles beyond the odometer reading at purchase, whichever comes first, the vehicle may be returned for the exact price originally paid minus a $200 restocking fee, (as allowed by law). Restrictions apply. See a Sales Consultant for details. Our customer service rating has an average of 4.7 stars: According to Reputation.com over last two years, 1/1/17 – 9/19/18 Enterprise Car Sales - We Transfer Cars The ZIP code you entered indicated that is your nearest location.
                    We'll be happy to transfer any vehicle from another location to . Local Transfers We offer free transfers of any vehicle within the metro area to ,
                    your nearest location. To start the transfer process, just give us a call at and an Enterprise representative will assist you. Certain restrictions apply. Non-Local Transfers Any vehicle outside the metro area can be transferred to ,
                    your nearest location by following this simple transfer process. Contact , your nearest location
                            at and an Enterprise representative can answer any of your questions about the vehicle and the transfer process. If after speaking with an Enterprise representative you determine that you would like to transfer
                            this vehicle, a non-refundable transfer fee is required to begin the transfer process. Bring your transfer payment to ,
                            your nearest location. Once transfer fee is paid, the request to transfer the vehicle will be completed.
                            Please note the time it takes to transfer a non-local vehicle varies by distance. Enter Your Zip Code Please enter a ZIP code or allow us to use your location to find vehicles near you that match your search criteria. ZIP Code (5 digit US ZIP Code) Locate OR Use My Location Enter Your Zip Code Your dealership: Detecting Nearest Rooftop Nearest Rooftop Unknown Enter a ZIP code or allow us to use your location to change your store. ZIP Code (5 digit US ZIP Code) Locate OR Use My Location Contact Us First Name * Last Name * E-Mail Address * ZIP * Phone Number * Type * Select Mobile Home Work Comments By providing my phone number and email address, I agree that Enterprise Car Sales or its representatives may contact me by phone, email, or text (including via auto-dialer) to respond to my inquiry or regarding my interest in a vehicle purchase. Please email me about upcoming offers from Enterprise. View our Privacy Policy . Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.