Entersekt | The Financial Authentication Company Platform Our Technology Context Aware™ Authentication Entersekt Orkestrate Compliance and certifications Solutions Use Cases Digital Banking and Payment Fraud Prevention Banking Transaction Authentication Call Center Authentication Digital Banking Access Risk Advice and Intelligence Card scheme Compliance Regulatory Compliance 3-D Secure Payments Passwordless Authentication Fraud and ATO Prevention for Merchants Resources Blog Customer Success Stories White Papers & eBooks Podcasts Videos & Webinars Glossary Encyclopedia FAQ Company About Us Leaders & Investors Press Releases In the news Events Careers Partners Contact Us Request demo Scam Prevention ATO Fraud Prevention Banking Authentication 3-D Secure Authentication Q2 Fraud Prevention 3DS ACS Authentication Advisor for ACS 3DS Server/Merchant Plug-in 3DS SDK for merchant apps 3DS Directory Server 3DS Certification Testing Service Request demo Take me there Shield customers from AI-driven scams: Build trust, boost your bottom line. Request demo Take me there Shield customers from modern financial scams: Build trust, boost your bottom line. Partner with an award-winning authentication provider “As fraud schemes evolve beyond traditional phishing to include SIM-swap attacks, account takeovers, and authorized push payment scams, financial institutions need authentication solutions that can adapt in real-time. Entersekt's platform addresses this by incorporating advanced risk rules and signals that provide contextual awareness for each transactional scenario." Read more: Entersekt wins 2025 Datos Insights Fraud Impact Awards for Best Authentication Innovation “Entersekt’s market presence extends across the United States, Europe, and Africa, where it has established a strong track record of working with leading financial services institutions over the past decade. The company’s patented security innovations, including its Context-Aware Authentication technology, have positioned Entersekt as a global industry leader in authentication.” Read more: Entersekt named Leading Vendor in Liminal Link Index™ for Account Takeover Prevention in Banking From reactive to proactive to great customer experience:​ The hidden cost of scams affects more than just fraud teams. Finance teams Or carry the growing burden of costs related to fraud prevention and losses: CNP fraud is predicted to reach over $49 billion globally by 2030. Leverage real-time threat intelligence feeds to identify and block known and emerging threats. Increase payment conversion rates through frictionless and customer-preferred authentication, improving approval rates and boosting profits. Authentication Advisor for ACS → Operations teams Risk and compliance teams Context Aware™ Authentication → Entersekt’s patented security decreases fraud by up to 67% in the first month of deployment, with the potential to save $2.3M+ a year in ATO fraud. Streamline regulatory compliance and adhere to policies like GDPR, W3C, and PSD2 SCA. Unlike methods that rely on cookies, our Browser ID does not track users across domains. You’re responsible for compliance and preventing reputational harm: Need to streamline efficiencies: Empower customers and reduce call center volumes by up to 57%, with biometric authentication that can be used in self-serve password resets and ACH/wire transfers. Replace problematic knowledge-based questions with secure push notifications directly from your banking app, saving countless call center hours. Call center authentication → Whether you look after the digital transformation of your division: Replace costly, outdated OTPs with secure passwordless authentication, reducing the risk of social engineering-led attacks with modern, personalized authentication methods that don’t drive customers away. Entersekt is ranked the #1 authentication provider in ATO prevention in banking by Liminal. Digital banking authentication solution → Digital transformation teams Our financial scam and fraud prevention solutions for FIs. Scam prevention ATO fraud prevention Banking Authentication 3-D Secure authentication Q2 fraud prevention Scam prevention ATO fraud prevention Banking Authentication 3-D Secure authentication Q2 fraud prevention Unified fraud intelligence combining advanced data-sharing capabilities, behavioral analytics, multi-layered detection, and AI-powered risk-based authentication to effectively stop financial fraud. View solution A comprehensive, multi-layered solution to effectively combat account takeover (ATO) fraud, reducing fraud losses and operational costs. Entersekt was named a leading vendor in Liminal’s 2024 Link Index for ATO prevention in banking. View solution A single, context-aware authentication platform that maximizes security and minimizes friction across all digital banking and engagement channels. View solution Advanced, EMVCo-certified 3-D Secure solutions for end-to-end e-commerce transaction security across all three domains. Powered by Modirum. View solution One cross-channel platform for Q2 Digital Banking offering secure, frictionless multi-factor authentication for powerful protection against account takeover and P2P payment fraud. View solution Supporting continuous compliance on a regional and global level. The benefits of partnering with Entersekt. Reduce risk and fraud By replacing outdated OTP-based methods of authentication with modern, passwordless alternatives, you’ll eliminate instances of phishing and other fraud attacks, while mitigating the risk of non-compliance… with ease. Explore our fraud prevention capabilities -> Save on costs Entersekt’s secure SaaS platform seamlessly prevents fraud across all banking channels and keeps you in line with evolving regulations and mandates. By avoiding the associated reputational damage and fines, you’ll save in the long run. Learn how we help you stay compliant -> Grow your revenue Happy customers = revenue growth. Trust Entersekt to identify your customers 30 times faster to improve UX, in turn helping to reduce cart abandonment, prevent false declines, and increase transaction success rates. Discover the power of secure, seamless experiences -> Expand and retain your customer base Better risk signals enable the right authentication decisions, at the right time, throughout your customers’ journeys. And, because positive experiences leave a lasting impression, you’re more likely to succeed at retaining and growing your customer base. See how we remove friction across all your channels -> Platform Our Technology Context Aware™ Authentication Compliance and certifications System Status Entersekt Orkestrate Solutions Scam Prevention ATO Fraud Prevention Banking Authentication 3-D Secure Authentication Q2 Fraud Prevention Banking authentication solutions Banking Authentication Mobile Authentication Browser Authentication MNO Authentication Biometric Authentication Silent Authenticators 3-D Secure solutions 3-D Secure Authentication 3DS ACS 3DS Server/Merchant Plug-in 3DS SDK for merchant apps 3DS Directory Server 3DS Certification Testing Service USE CASES Digital banking and payment fraud prevention Banking transaction authentication Call center authentication Digital banking access Risk advice and intelligence Card scheme compliance Regulatory compliance 3-D Secure payments Fraud and ATO Prevention for Merchants RESOURCES Blog Customer Success Stories White Papers & eBooks Podcasts Videos and Webinars Glossary Encyclopedia FAQ COMPANY About Us Leaders & Investors Press Releases In the news Events Careers Partners © 2025 ENTERSEKT. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Terms & Conditions Trust Center Disclosure Policy Privacy Policy For general queries, please contact info@entersekt.com.