Cybersecurity Compliance Solutions for Regulated Firms | Smarsh Platform The Smarsh Platform Capture IM & Collaboration Email Mobile Social Web Voice All Supported Channels Surveillance Archive Discovery Services Solutions Customer Small & Mid-Sized Firms Capture and Archive Cyber Compliance Web Archive Enterprise Partners Industry Financial Services Wealth Management Broker-Dealers RIAs Banking Public Sector Federal Government State and Local Entities Use Case Financial Misconduct Records Management Non-Financial Misconduct Resources All Resources Support Events About Company Leadership Careers Contact Sales Watch it Work Toggle navigation Watch it Work Login Smarsh Central Connected Archive Professional Archive Call Recording and Analytics Vendor Risk Management Business Solutions Admin Portal Outlook Webmail Email Encryption Portal Login Smarsh Central Connected Archive Professional Archive Call Recording and Analytics Vendor Risk Management Business Solutions Admin Portal Outlook Webmail Email Encryption Portal Platform The Smarsh Platform – One intelligent platform to manage communications risk, drive insight, and ensure compliance at scale. Capture – Securely capture all communications to meet compliance, reduce risk, and unlock AI insights. IM & Collaboration Email Mobile Social Web Voice All Supported Channels Archive – Preserve, enrich and analyze communications data at scale with the cloud-native Smarsh Archive. Surveillance – Get AI insights to streamline communications surveillance and make smarter, faster business decisions. Discovery – Simplify investigations with intelligent discovery built for compliance, clarity, and audit-readiness. Services – Expert compliance services to accelerate ROI, reduce risk, and scale securely with confidence. Contact Sales See a Demo Solutions Customer Small & Mid-Sized Firms – Simplify compliance with intelligent, purpose built, AI powered solutions for growing financial firms. Capture and Archive Cyber Compliance Web Archive Enterprise – Manage complex, high-volume communications data with AI-powered compliance and intelligence for enterprises. Partners – Join the Smarsh Partner Program now or sign in to your account on the partner portal. Industry Financial Services – Compliance, AI governance, and risk intelligence solutions tailored for modern financial services firms. Wealth Management Broker-Dealers RIAs Banking Public Sector – Securely manage public records and meet FOIA compliance across all communication channels. Federal Government State and Local Entities Use Case Financial Misconduct – Detect insider trading, manipulation, and other misconduct sooner with regulatory-grade AI across your firm. Non-Financial Misconduct – Stay ahead of conduct risks with AI that filters noise and reveals behavioral indicators across channels. Records Management – Modernize records management with unified capture, preservation, and search to streamline FOIA responses. Contact Sales See a Demo Resources All Resources – Resources and actionable compliance insights to help you stay ahead of risks and regulations. Support – Achieve smarter, faster compliance outcomes with guidance and services that grow with you. Events – Turn insight into action through expert-led events built to elevate your compliance outcomes. Contact Sales See a Demo About Company – Explore our mission to transform your communications data into intelligence you can act on. Leadership – Meet the leaders shaping the future of AI-driven communications compliance and governance. Careers – Learn how our employee experience fuels customer trust, innovation, and long-term success. Contact Sales See a Demo Cyber Compliance Purpose-Built for Financial Firms Smarsh Cyber Compliance technology is your single source of truth for monitoring, remediating, and reporting on cyber risk — strengthening security and demonstrating compliance. Talk to an expert Demonstrate compliance, remove complexity Strengthen your firm’s cybersecurity posture and demonstrate adherence to regulatory cybersecurity requirements with a single, intuitive dashboard. Automate manual security tasks Reduce risk with automated controls, including OS updates, screen locks, and VPN enforcement. Track your cyber posture in one score Get a clear view of your firm’s overall security health with an objective Cyberrisk Number based on NIST-aligned parameters. Turn cyber risks into timely insights Identify risk trends and act fast with built-in analytics and reporting that simplify complex security challenges. Build a security-first culture Simplify your approach to risk management with foundational security programs and services. Educate employees with Smarsh Phishing and Security Awareness Training to recognize and resist threats. Simulated phishing campaigns and web-based courses reinforce best practices and reduce human error — your first line of defense. Spot the gaps, seal the risks Let us spot vulnerabilities before attackers do. Our expert engineers use real-world tactics to identify and document security gaps through Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (VAPT). We deliver clear, actionable insights to help you harden your defenses and reduce risk exposure. Proactive protection in action "We implemented [Smarsh Cyber Compliance] in 2015 and it’s been a good experience. In fact, right out of the gate, we discovered a few issues. We had a couple of machines that weren’t automatically updating for some reason, and one remote machine that was running out of memory." Jessica Maldonado, Vice President, Searcy Financial Services Get expert cyber guidance Let our experts show you a more innovative, straightforward approach to cybersecurity and compliance. Learn how to automate key controls, cut through complexity, and stay ahead of risk. Talk to an expert Cyber Compliance: Simplified, defensible security What is cyber compliance? Cyber compliance aligns cybersecurity controls, risk management , and documented policies with regulatory requirements to protect sensitive data and support operational resilience. It reduces regulatory exposure by ensuring firms can demonstrate that security practices are defined, monitored, and auditable. For financial firms, this includes mapping data management and incident response processes to mandates like SEC Regulation S-P, which draws on the NIST Cybersecurity Framework 2.0. Learn more in this Watch It Work video . How does Smarsh help firms meet cybersecurity and compliance regulations? Smarsh Cyber Compliance helps firms build, manage, and demonstrate a compliant cybersecurity posture . It unites ISO 27001 and SOC 2 Type II–certified controls with policy-based governance, continuous monitoring, and documented incident response. This approach aligns organizations with SEC Regulation S-P, FINRA guidance, FFIEC IT handbooks, and NIST/ISO frameworks to ensure resilience, audit readiness, and regulatory confidence. What is the difference between cybersecurity and cyber compliance? Cybersecurity focuses on identifying, mitigating, and responding to cyber threats. Cyber compliance ensures those protections are defined within policies, audited, and tested to ensure that they address regulatory mandates. In regulated industries, cybersecurity defends systems, while cyber compliance proves that defenses, oversight, and documentation meet industry standards. Learn more Which cybersecurity frameworks and standards does Smarsh support? Smarsh Cyber Compliance aligns with major frameworks, including: NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) ISO/IEC 27001:2022 SOC 2 Type II FFIEC Cybersecurity Assessment Tool (CAT) GDPR, and others This standards-based foundation helps firms map controls, demonstrate due diligence, and maintain compliance consistency across hybrid and cloud environments. CONNECT WITH US + 1 866 SMARSH 1 +44 (0) 20 3608 1209 FOLLOW US SOLUTIONS BY ISSUE Archiving Communications Compliance Data Migration and Consolidation Information Governance Legal and Discovery Mobile Compliance Public Records Management Security and Risk Supervision and Review Vendor Risk Management SOLUTIONS BY ROLE Compliance Teams IT Professionals Legal Professionals Finance & Operations Records Management Marketing SOLUTIONS BY REGULATION Data Privacy Recordkeeping Storage Supervision COMPANY About Us Leadership Press Releases Trust Patents Careers Contact Smarsh SUPPORT Smarsh Central Community Services Training LEGAL Legal Documents Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Anti-Slavery & Human Trafficking Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Vulnerability Disclosure Program © 2025 Smarsh Inc. All rights reserved. Contact Us Tell us about yourself, and we’ll be in touch right away. icon-angle icon-bars icon-times Close this module Watch it Work Contact Us +1 866 762 7741