Envoy Visitors and Workplace Stop compliance risks at the front door: How industry leaders automate screening & audits 🔐 [Watch now!] Search Products PRODUCTS Visitor management Emergency Notifications Screens Reservation booking Desks Rooms Deliveries MORE Mobile Developers Integrations Partners AI for Envoy Solutions INDUSTRIES Manufacturing Pharma and biotech Professional services Technology View all products Priorities Centralize workplace management Employee and visitor experience Safety, security, and compliance Workplace utilization and insights Workplaces and buildings Resources Library Blog Case studies eBooks & guides Reports Events & webinars Product updates Help Center Learning Academy View all products insights Workplace trends Workplace safety & security Workplace data Workplace guides Data snack series About About Envoy Newsroom Careers Pricing Plans and pricing Contact sales Demo Search Login Get started Get a demo Go to dashboard Bring your workplace together with Envoy One platform to manage people, protect spaces, and simplify operations—so your workplace runs smoothly and securely. Get a demo Approved by leaders from industry giants ERICA MEDEIROS Senior Manager, Workplace at Iterable “Envoy’s product is so robust. It’s not just visitor tracking. It’s not just occupancy tracking. It’s not just emergency notifications. It’s everything, and we need it all.” Lexi dixon Accel's Workplace Experience Manager “Envoy saves our team 10 hours a week-that adds up to more than an entire workday. We now have the data to see how our space is used and plan” Bring your workplace together with Envoy One platform to manage people, protect spaces, and simplify operations—so your workplace runs smoothly and securely. Get a demo Trusted by the world's happiest and most secure workplaces Everything you need to run a better and safer workplace Whether you manage one location or dozens, Envoy brings everything together—people, processes, and data—so your workplace runs like a dream. Envoy Visitors Simple, compliant, and secure visitor check-ins Learn more Envoy Workplace Tools to plan, book, and navigate the workplace Learn more Envoy Emergency Notifications Real-time alerts & accurate safety confirmations Learn more Trade compliance with Envoy Audit-ready compliance with smooth visitor flow Learn more Trusted by teams across the workplace Built to support the people who keep work running—from IT to HR and beyond. Built for IT Enterprise-grade security, SSO, audit logs, and easy integrations with your tech stack. Loved by HR Deliver a seamless employee experience—from hybrid scheduling to workplace safety. Secure for facilities Standardize processes across locations while maintaining access control and visitor visibility. Ready for security Support compliance with regulations like ITAR, EAR, OFAC, and C-TPAT—without slowing down operations. Made for employees Book a space, find a teammate, check in with ease. Envoy helps us do our best work, from anywhere. Explore solutions Smarter spaces start with better data With real-time occupancy and visitor analytics, Envoy gives you the clarity to make cost-saving, people-first decisions. Get the analytics guide Works with the tools you already use Envoy connects with your existing tech stack—from access control to calendars—so everything flows together seamlessly. Use one of 100+ integrations or build your own with our open API. Explore integrations “Envoy’s product is so robust. It’s not just visitor tracking. It’s not just occupancy tracking. It’s not just emergency notifications. It’s everything, and we need it all.” Erica Medeiros | Senior Manager, Workplace at Iterable “Envoy saves our team 10 hours a week-that adds up to more than an entire workday. We now have the data to see how our space is used and plan” Lexi Dixon | Accel's Workplace Experience Manager “Envoy makes everything easy to understand while looking professional and organized. Everyone knows where they're going and that they're in a safe environment.” Chanan Rothenberg | Manager of Stadium Security and Systems for the Washington Commanders “We can collect all the data that we need to meet our compliance requirements in one, centralized place. We trust that Envoy protects that data, stores it securely, and does so globally. That's a big win.” Jonathan Priganc | Director, Global Cyber Compliance, Risk Management, & Compliance Systems at Parker Meggitt Real advice for people who make workplaces work Explore expert insights, practical tips, and emerging trends in workplace strategy—from hybrid scheduling to compliance and beyond. Start reading Workplace management Tips, trends, and tools for running a more connected and efficient workplace. Learn more Visitor management Best practices for welcoming guests while keeping your spaces secure. Learn more Space management Learn how to optimize space usage and support flexible, hybrid work. Learn more Workplace compliance & safety Keep policies fresh, risks low, and audits simple. Learn more Mailroom management Discover how smarter mailroom systems can help handle office deliveries. Learn more Try Envoy for free Transforming your workplace is easier than you think. Get started in minutes. Contact our sales team today at hello@envoy.com Products Workplace Visitors Screens Virtual Front Desk Connect Mobile app Integrations Developers Blog Workplace management Visitor management Space management Workplace compliance, security & safety Mailroom management Company About Envoy Newsroom Careers Authors Data security Contact us Partners Solutions Centralize workplace management Employee and visitor experience Safety, security and compliance Workplace utilizations and insights Workplace and buildings Manufacturing Pharma & biotech Professional services Technology Resources Blog Case studies Demo eBooks Reports Product updates Product change log Webinars Developers Envoy store My Account Log in Sign up Support Platform status Terms of service Privacy policy Cookie preferences © 2025 Envoy. All rights reserved. Follow us