Energy: Your home electricity & gas suppliers Skip to content EV chargers Solar panels Heat pumps Free insulation EV chargers Solar panels Heat pumps Free insulation Next Fixed 18m. Cheapest tariff offered by major suppliers.^ ^Sign up today. Based on average consumption across all 14 UK regions. Exit fees and T&Cs apply. Enter your postcode See prices Excellent 4.5 stars 4.5 out of 5 Trustpilot Our tariffs. Next Fixed 12m, 18m & 24m. With our fixed tariffs, you'll be safe in the knowledge of what energy price you're paying for the duration of your contract. More details See prices Next Gust 12m. Customers who sign up for Next Gust will have their energy backed by wind energy generated in the UK. More details See prices Next Pledge Tracker. With our Next Pledge tariff, you'll get energy prices guaranteed to stay below the Ofgem price cap - saving you £50 based on average annual consumption.* More details See prices Next Drive Switching to our EV tariff is a breeze. Lower-priced electricity at 7.5p per kWh when you charge between 12am and 6am . 1 Fixed energy prices for one year. No exit fees. See prices Beat the price cap and save. With our Next Pledge tariff, you’ll get energy prices guaranteed to stay below the price cap.* T&Cs apply. Start saving Discover our cheapest EV tariff.† Lock in our ultra-low off-peak rate of 6.5p per kWh ‡ with Next Drive Smart . T&Cs apply. Get a quote Get your charger and tariff now. Save happily EV after. With our Next Drive tariff, you get cheaper charging rates between 12am-6am vs our standard variable tariff. 2 T&Cs apply. See prices Unlock cheaper electricity! Switch to our Next Smart Saver tariff for cheaper daily rates vs our standard variable tariff. 6 Smart meter required. T&Cs apply. See prices Looking for a new energy supplier? 133,000+ 5 star reviews We've proudly received over 133,000 5 star Trustpilot reviews from our satisfied customers. Choose 100% renewable electricity. Switching to our Next Gust** tariff is quick and easy. Save On home energy tech. E.ON Next customers save on solar panels, EV chargers, and heat pumps. Dedicated Energy Specialists. Our Energy Specialists provide expert support. 5 million Customers. We proudly serve over 5 million customers, delivering electricity and gas. Looking for a new energy supplier? 133,000+ 5 star reviews We've proudly received over 133,000 5 star Trustpilot reviews from our satisfied customers. Choose 100% renewable electricity. Switching to our Next Gust** tariff is quick and easy. Save On home energy tech. E.ON Next customers save on solar panels, EV chargers, and heat pumps. Dedicated Energy Specialists. Our Energy Specialists provide expert support. 5 million Customers. We proudly serve over 5 million customers, delivering electricity and gas. What our E.ON Next customers say about us. We'll always go that extra mile for you, but don't take our word for it, check out what our customers have to say. Once you switch your electricity and gas to us, you could be just as happy. Excellent 4.5 stars 4.5 out of 5 Trustpilot 5 stars Online account is easy to use and… May 2025 Online account is easy to use and tariff packages are very competitive Martyn 5 stars Very easy to update/switch my tariff May 2025 Very easy to update/switch my tariff.  I couldn't ask for a more smooth process. James 5 stars Excellent service and really simple and… May 2025 Excellent service and really simple and straightforward systems. Very pleased Kath 5 stars Very easy to follow information on… May 2025 Very easy to follow information on website. Clear pricing policy. Changed over to new tariff without an issue Rachel 5 stars Easy to follow website May 2025 As a disabled customer on limited income i need to find the best tariff for me. E.ON make it easy and clear which tariff is best suitable for me.
Website is easy to follow and understand and i made my choice in minutes, just a few clicks and all done.
Thank You. Chris 5 stars Good service May 2025 Offering some very competitive rates out there and their service is getting better and better. Recently called them up and placed on my new tariff that evening. Can’t expect more really. Jimmy 5 stars Easy to use .new lower tariff in… May 2025 Easy to use .new lower tariff in minute’s good service Sasha 5 stars EON Next have provided us with a great… May 2025 EON Next have provided us with a great service. Some of the best tariffs around and their latest smart tariff is quite unique. Ken 5 stars So far so good May 2025 We changed utilities provider due to increasing bills, the change was very straightforward and so far the service has been faultless. P 5 stars I recently changed tariff.... May 2025 I changed tariff because I recently had an EV charger installed and I was recommended to have the off-peak tariff; overnight charging of the car would be a quarter of the price compared to the peak kwh price. It was so simple to change to this tariff on my account, and it took effect the same day evening Well done E.ON! Shelco 5 stars Never had any problems with E.on and… May 2025 Never had any problems with E.on and customer service always brilliant. Susan 5 stars Great service great price May 2025 Great service great price Maria Rated 4.5 / 5 based on 182923 reviews . Showing our 5-star reviews. Make a change for the future with exclusive offers. Whilst we all want to do the little things to make our homes more sustainable, there are some changes that we can make that will have an impact. Plus, if you’re an E.ON Next customer you could get exclusive offers . T&Cs apply . Brighten your home with solar. Shine bright with E.ON Next! Save up to £200 on solar panels and power your home sustainably if you join us. 3 Our solar panels Drive towards an electric future. Charge up your savings! As an E.ON Next customer, you can snag up to £30 off EV chargers. 4 Our home chargers Save big with our heat pumps. Stay warm and save big! E.ON Next customers can save up to £200 on energy-efficient heat pumps. 5 Our heat pumps Brighten your home with solar. Shine bright with E.ON Next! Save up to £200 on solar panels and power your home sustainably if you join us. 3 Our solar panels Drive towards an electric future. Charge up your savings! As an E.ON Next customer, you can snag up to £30 off EV chargers. 4 Our home chargers Save big with our heat pumps. Stay warm and save big! E.ON Next customers can save up to £200 on energy-efficient heat pumps. 5 Our heat pumps Keep track of your energy use with an online account. Our app and website make it simple to pay your bills, send in meter readings and see when you’re using your electricity and gas. Stay on top of your bills. Change your Direct Debit or make payments whenever and wherever. Help to reduce your energy use. We’ll show you how and when you’re using your energy to help you know when to use less. Top up online. Don’t run out of credit again, top up your electricity and gas meters on your phone. Giving meter readings has never been easier. We've got a handy in-app torch for those dark and dingy meter cupboards. Stay on top of your bills. Change your Direct Debit or make payments whenever and wherever. Help to reduce your energy use. We’ll show you how and when you’re using your energy to help you know when to use less. Top up online. Don’t run out of credit again, top up your electricity and gas meters on your phone. Giving meter readings has never been easier. We've got a handy in-app torch for those dark and dingy meter cupboards. Stay on top of your bills. Change your Direct Debit or make payments whenever and wherever. Help to reduce your energy use. We’ll show you how and when you’re using your energy to help you know when to use less. Top up online. Don’t run out of credit again, top up your electricity and gas meters on your phone. Giving meter readings has never been easier. We've got a handy in-app torch for those dark and dingy meter cupboards. Download our app. Not sure yet? Here are some frequently asked questions to help you decide. Why join E.ON Next? Because we want to help you get that energy feel-good that you won't get anywhere else. Plus: Exclusive discounts on home energy tech. T&Cs apply . Your own dedicated Energy Specialists, providing you with expert service whatever your query. The Energy Switch Guarantee, which means you'll get a safe and speedy switch to us. How do I join E.ON Next? Easy-peasy, we'll just need to find the right tariff for you. Follow our step by step process and you'll be enjoying positive energy before you know it. Do I need to provide anything to my existing supplier when I join E.ON Next? No, we'll handle all of that for you, including sending them your final meter readings. We do recommend clearing any outstanding balance with them to help make your switch go through as smoothly as possible. When will you need my opening meter readings? We'll let you know when we need your opening meter readings, which you can give to us through your online account . If we don't get your readings then we'll estimate them for you How long does it take to switch energy supplier? It can take up to 5 working days to process your switch. We'll let you know how the switch is going and when you need to give us any information or meter readings. The legal bit. 1 Next Drive Fixed v12 offers fixed priced overnight EV charging 7.5p/kWh between 12am and 6am versus Next Flex standard variable tariff at 26.349p/kWh (national average and will vary by region). 2 Next Drive fixed-term tariff offers cheaper rates between 12am-6am compared to our standard variable rates. Actual savings may vary based on charging conditions. T&Cs apply . 3 Offer applies to E.ON Next customers only when purchasing solar panels and a battery using the code SOLAR200. T&Cs apply. 4 Offer applies to E.ON Next customers only when purchasing an EV charger using code EV30. T&Cs apply . 5 E.ON Next customers can save up to £200 off an air source heat pump. T&Cs apply . 6 Next Smart Saver: a 12 month fixed term tariff with lower off-peak (5am–4pm, 7pm–2am) and super off-peak (2am–5am) unit rates versus our standard variable tariff. Savings depend on your electricity usage and when it occurs. T&Cs apply. Standard variable tariff used for comparison may vary over time. † Compared to our Next Drive tariff. Off-peak rates on the Next Drive Smart tariff are fixed at 6.5p/kWh between 12am-6am daily, applying to EV charging and whole home electricity use. Smart meter with half hourly consent required. You must have an eligible electric vehicle and charger. If you do not boost charge, you will always be charged at off-peak rate of 6.5p/kWh. Any boost charges or charging without using the smart charging feature during peak hours will be billed at the peak rate of 31.116p/kWh. Information correct at time of send (2 December). Terms and conditions apply. ‡ Off-peak rates on the Next Drive Smart tariff are fixed at 6.5p/kWh between 12am-6am daily, applying to EV charging and whole home electricity use. Smart meter with half hourly consent required. You must have an eligible electric vehicle and charger. If you do not boost charge, you will always be charged at off-peak rate of 6.5p/kWh. Any boost charges or charging without using the smart charging feature during peak hours will be billed at the peak rate of 31.116p/kWh. Information correct at time of send (2 December). Terms and conditions apply. * Next Pledge is a 12-month fixed term tracker tariff with variable rates that are always lower in comparison to the Ofgem Price Cap, that applies to standard variable tariffs. £50 saving is applied as a reduction on unit rates split across both electricity and gas (£25 saving per fuel) based on Ofgem average dual fuel customer. Actual savings depend on usage and region. Payment by Direct Debit required. T&Cs apply . ** Next Gust Fixed 12 month tariff. Electricity supply backed by agreements with wind generators in the UK. The electricity supplied to your home comes from the National Grid. Smart meter required, where eligible. Exit fees and T&Cs apply. ^ Cheapest fix information for Next Fixed 18m v27 is correct as of 00.00am 30 December 2025. Based on dual fuel customers with standard meters, using average annual consumption of 2,700 kWh of electricity and 11,500kWh of gas, at an average for all 14 regions, paying by Direct Debit. It is compared against standard and fixed term tariffs that are available for customers in all 14 regions, (excluding tariffs with bundled products or add-ons) publicly available from the following suppliers: British Gas, Octopus, EDF, E.ON Next, Scottish Power and OVO. Availability of the tariff is subject to eligibility criteria and savings are not guaranteed as they depend on individual usage and meter type. Terms and conditions apply. The 'cheapest claim' excludes certain products not available to all customers. About E.ON Next Policies and performance Terms and conditions Our modern slavery statement Contact us Complaints Emergencies Help and support Blog Human Rights Careers Sitemap About E.ON Next Policies and performance Terms and conditions Our modern slavery statement Contact us Complaints Emergencies Help and support Blog Human Rights Careers Sitemap E.ON Next Energy Limited Registered Office: Westwood Way, Westwood Business Park, Coventry, CV4 8LG. Registered in England & Wales, No. 03782443. © 2025 E.ON Next Download our app