Skip to main content

An official website of the United States government

Here’s how you know
Search
Environmental Topics
Laws & Regulations
Report a Violation
About EPA
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
slide 1 of 4
EPA Unveils Clean Air Act-related Resource

EPA has launched a Clean Air Act Resource for Data Centers webpage to provide data center developers, local communities and Tribes with a central location for Clean Air Act-related resources.

Learn more about this resource
EPA is Feeding it Onward

EPA has announced Feed It Onward, a new national initiative designed to reduce food waste and strengthen food security across America. 

U.S. and Mexico Reach Agreement to Permanently End Tijuana River Sewage Crisis

Administrator Zeldin signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Mexico to urgently solve the decades-long Tijuana River sewage crisis.

Powering the Great American Comeback

This initiative will guide EPA’s work to protect public health and the environment while restoring the greatness of the American economy for the first 100 days and beyond. 

EPA Unveils Clean Air Act-related Resource

EPA has launched a Clean Air Act Resource for Data Centers webpage to provide data center developers, local communities and Tribes with a central location for Clean Air Act-related resources.

1234
Careers at EPA

From remediating contaminated sites to ensuring clean drinking water, what happens here improves human health and the environment for all Americans.

Learn more about Careers at EPA
Applying for EPA Grants

Discover EPA-hosted webinars to learn how to apply for, or manage an EPA grant.

Register to attend an EPA grant webinar
Drinking Water Resources

Learn how water gets to your drinking water tap every day, the different types of public water systems, and other basic information about drinking water safety.

Explore drinking water resources
EPA News Releases

Read the latest news from EPA.

EPA Accelerates Crackdown on Toxic and Poisonous Imports in Concert with CBP, Keeping Americans Safe
EPA Proposes Updated Groundwater Cleanup Plan for Radiation Technology Inc. Superfund Site
EPA Completes Contaminated Soil Removal From 84 Residential Yards Near Former Exide Battery Facility in Logansport, Indiana

Search all news releases

Send a Request for Technical Support to ask a question, provide feedback, or report a problem.
Last updated on December 13, 2025
Assistance
Spanish
Arabic
Chinese (simplified)
Chinese (traditional)
French
Haitian Creole
Korean
Portuguese
Russian
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Discover.
Accessibility Statement
Budget & Performance
Contracting
EPA www Web Snapshot
Grants
No FEAR Act Data
Plain Writing
Privacy and Security Notice
Connect.
Data
Inspector General
Jobs
Newsroom
Regulations.gov
Subscribe
USA.gov
White House
Ask.
Contact EPA
EPA Disclaimers
Hotlines
FOIA Requests
Frequent Questions
Follow.