Software
About Us
Our Story
Visiting
Epic Health System Community
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Sustainability
Contact Us
Newsroom
With the Patient at the Heart
We develop software that helps people get well, helps people stay well, and helps future generations be healthier.
Our story →

A New Era of Care: How AI Is Shaping the Patient and Clinician Experience

Epic joined the Microsoft Ignite keynote to share a vision for the future of healthcare, supported by AI. From faster care to deeper connections, Seth Hain and Jackie Gerhart shared how Epic and Microsoft are advancing what’s possible.
Learn more →

Louisiana Health Systems Launch MyChart Central Statewide, Enabling a Unified Patient Experience Across Organizations

Coordinated activation of MyChart Central makes it easier for patients and families to stay connected to their care across hospitals, clinics, and parishes.
Learn more →

Open@Epic Highlights: Expanded Data Connections for Developers and Patients 

App developers and healthcare experts come together to explore improvements to care coordination and patient experience.
Learn more →
Our Software
Our software makes it possible for every patient to have a single, comprehensive medical record that informs and is informed by their health experiences. The goal is higher-quality, more personalized care that's simpler for patients, medical professionals, and everyone who makes healthcare happen.
Learn more about our software →
Share What You've Done, Learn What You Can Do
Explore more on
Shared Data, Shared Success: Reducing Denials and Accelerating Payments with Payer-Provider Connections
December 15, 2025
OSF HealthCare connected with Aetna over Payer Platform to exchange medical records electronically, eliminating workflow inefficiencies and administrative burdens. This connection cut the average payment lag by 63% for inpatient claims, saved more than 250 staff hours annually, and virtually eliminated medical record requests for Medicare risk adjustment audits.
Read the full story on EpicShare →
Strengthening Continuity of Care with Proactive Referral Follow-Up
December 08, 2025
Orlando Health redesigned its ED referral process by making follow-up scheduling proactive rather than reactive, strengthening continuity of care and patient retention. Scheduled ED follow-up visits rose from 200 to 4,000 per month, providing thousands more patients with the care they need.
Read the full story on EpicShare →
Keeping Hospitalized Patients Informed, Connected, and in Control of Their Care with Smart Bedside Displays
December 01, 2025
Three health systems—Emory Healthcare, Houston Methodist, and UT Health San Antonio—are among the organizations reimagining hospital rooms with digital displays that keep patients informed, connected, and engaged. By giving real-time access to care plans, schedules, and care teams, hospitals report higher patient satisfaction and stronger communication through smarter, more connected inpatient experiences.
Read the full story on EpicShare →
Healthcare in Action: Street Medicine Strengthens Continuity of Care for People Experiencing Homelessness
November 17, 2025
Healthcare in Action, a member organization of SCAN Group, delivers medical, behavioral, and social services to people in California who are experiencing homelessness through a street-based model of care. By connecting its providers and peer navigators with shared patient records and mobile tools in Epic, HIA strengthens continuity of care, bridges hospital and community services, and helps unsheltered patients receive timely, informed, and compassionate support.
Read the full story on EpicShare →
Latest from
Read All

Progestin-Only Birth Control Linked to Lower Likelihood of New Migraine Diagnoses

December 18, 2025
Read the study on Epic Research →

GLP-1 Therapy Associated with Lower Fracture Risk in Patients with Bone Density Disorders

December 16, 2025
Read the study on Epic Research →

Men Experience Greater LDL Reductions Than Women Across Multiple Lipid-Lowering Medications, with the Largest Gap for PCSK9 Inhibitors

December 9, 2025
Read the study on Epic Research →
Epic In the News
Read All

Taking Control of Your Health with MyChart

December 23, 2025
Epic’s Taylor Seale joined HiFi Health News to discuss familiar features like test results, prescriptions, and appointment scheduling—and new and upcoming built-in AI assistants designed to help answer questions and improve the user experience. (HiFi Health News)
Learn more →

Donate Life America honors Epic with 2025 James S. Wolf, M.D., Courage Award for innovative MyChart donor registration

December 8, 2025
Donate Life America presented its 2025 James S. Wolf, M.D. Courage Award to Epic in recognition of the company’s MyChart organ, eye, and tissue donor registration program launched in May 2025. (Donate Life)
Learn more →

Humana and Epic collaborate to automate insurance verification, patient check-in

November 19, 2025
Humana is collaborating with Epic to launch new data-sharing features that align with upcoming federal interoperability goals. (Fierce Healthcare)
Learn more →
We use site visitor information to improve your browsing experience and this site as described in our privacy policy.
Acknowledge
Resources
Our Story
Careers
Contact Us
Epic Community Link
Giving
Legal
Security
Training
Efficiency
Visiting
Events
UGM
XGM
EGM
APGM
Majlis
Connect Collaboration
European App Forums
Open@Epic
Copyright © 2025 Epic Systems Corporation.