Epic Privacy Browser Download Epic Key Features Blog Forum Donate About Us FAQ Contact Epic Privacy Browser Use Epic . Stop getting tracked. Block 600+ tracking attempts in an average browsing session. Turn on network privacy with our free VPN . Join hundreds of thousands of users who've chosen privacy. As seen in The Epic Privacy Browser is a fast, private, secure, chromium-based web browser that blocks ads, trackers, fingerprinting, cryptomining, ultrasound signaling and more. Why you need Epic: No tracking. No spying. Visiting the average website without Epic results in 15 tracking attempts. Larger websites can have twice as many trackers as well as try to fingerprint your device. No profiling. Protect your browsing history. No profiling. No filter bubbles. No ads. No data abuse. No more creepy ads following you around. Epic has a custom uBlock-based ad blocker which includes additional filter lists for maximum protection. Lower prices. Consumer reports found that browsers which regularly deleted cookies had airfare prices $340 lower. The Wall Street Journal discovered many websites changed prices based on your location. Fast and secure. Built on Chromium like Chrome and Edge for exceptional security and speed. Every tab is a separate process for maximum data isolation. Encrypted data preference. Maximize your data security. Epic makes a secure connection to websites that support it. Unblock content. Epic for desktop bypasses many paywalls. Use the encrypted proxy to unblock websites wherever you are. Access an uncensored internet. Cookie and fingerprinting protection. Epic blocks third-party cookie tracking by default. Epic includes granular protections against a plethora of fingerprinting techniques that can track and profile you across all your devices. One of 3 trusted privacy software companies. Only a few companies have taken a substantial loss of revenue rather than compromise their users' privacy and we're one of them. Customize Epic with Chrome extensions. Make Epic your Epic with themes and extensions. Almost all of the 150,000+ Chrome WebStore extensions work in Epic. Spy on the Spies. See who's tracking you. Via Epic's new tab page, see the companies and organizations tracking you in your other browsers. Ten "Epic" firsts: The first privacy-focused Chromium-based browser . The first highly secure and highly private browser . (TOR is highly private but many nodes are run by malicious hosts) A 10 year track record of transparency, security and privacy . The first browser to include in-built tracking protection . The first browser to include new tab page-based privacy data . The first Chromium-based browser to include an encrypted data preference by default . (HTTPS everywhere type protection) The first Chromium-based browser to include fingerprinting protection . The first Chromium-based browser to include a built-in VPN / encrypted proxy with country selector (now supported by third parties). The first Chromium-based browser to offer an optional always-on private browsing mode . The first mobile browser with an audio queue that can read a set of webpages to you . Epic vs. other browsers Your browsing history is: Deleted from your computer Protected from: Your ISP Your government Hundreds of data collectors Your employer * Assumes the user is in private browsing mode (or disabled history in Epic) & enabled a VPN and Epic's ad blocker. Want to learn more? Read about the primacy of privacy and Epic's key features . Facebook Twitter Email me Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Us Custom Browser Sponsor Epic Email List © 2025 Hidden Reflex