Domains

Websites

Email

Epik for Business

Resources

Sign In
Protecting your assets can't wait.

Get fast, expert LLC formation and enjoy a free year of registered agent service, courtesy of our partners at Registered Agents Inc.

You need a future-proof domain.

As an independent registrar, Epik helps you claim your domain and keep it for the long haul. Our open-source software puts you in control of your online presence, from your domain to your website. Transparent pricing, WHOIS Privacy & an SSL with every domain.

.com
Buying in bulk? Get cost-plus pricing.

.com

$15.99

.net

$14.95

.org

$9.99

.co

$28.95

Free WHOIS Privacy

Your data is yours alone. Every eligible domain includes free lifetime WHOIS Privacy, so your personal info stays safe—at no extra cost.

Free SSL Certificate

When you’re ready to turn your domain into a full-fledged website, we’ve got you covered with a free SSL, powered by Let’s Encrypt.

Support All The Way

With over 600 top-level domains and 24/7 expert support, Epik makes it simple to find, register, and manage your perfect domain.

Your domain is just the beginning.
Find Your Domain

Count on No-Surprises Pricing, free WHOIS Privacy, 24/7 expert support, and easy renewals when you register your domain name with Epik.

Then, create, scale and fully own your website with our open-source, WordPress-integrated web hosting. Shared plans start at just $7.99.

And when you’re ready, start your LLC and get fast formation, built-in compliance, and a free 90-day trial of professional email, business phone service, and more.

Friendly reminder: you don’t have to juggle 5 different platforms to get your business online.


Get it all done in one place, with Epik—and count on
hands-on, anytime support every step of the way.

Find The Right Domain

Your domain name is out there! Choose from hundreds of extensions, from .ai to .xyz, & enjoy No-Surprises Pricing at renewal time.

WHOIS Privacy & SSL always included.

Launch Your Website

With Automatic WordPress Install, unmetered bandwidth, SSL, & hands-on help creating your first website pages. All on open-source software, so you control and own your website.

Set Up Your Email

Don’t settle for Gmail. Get an instant credibility boost, with a business email account that matches your domain. (10 addresses included!)

Start an LLC

Launch your business in one fell swoop. The Epik LLC includes one year of registered agent service, plus a domain name, professional email, web hosting and dedicated phone number.

Starting a business is a lot easier with Epik’s flexibility & support.
Grow on your terms

With Epik, you’re not locked into a website service that gets more and more expensive as your traffic grows—or a platform that tries to take ownership of your work. We do the opposite, giving you full control of your website, keeping things simple with clear pricing, and helping you scale in a way that makes sense to you (and your budget).

Your brand’s HQ

What if your domain and website provider could also set you up with a 2nd phone number and professional email, help you form your LLC, file your annual report, and keep everything running like clockwork? That’s Epik—thanks to our partnership with Registered Agents, Inc. We’re more than a registrar—we’re your all-in-one business and brand HQ. 

Never go it alone

Whether you need help choosing the right domain for your brand, creating your first-ever website, forming your business with the state, or anything else under the entrepreneurial or digital sun—we’re by your side. Call our support team and get connected with a real human right away—not a chat bot. Our dedicated, 24/7 support means you never have to go it alone.

Amplify your business with Epik.

Frequently asked questions

How do I choose a domain name?

Finding a domain name that fits your brand is the key to your entire online presence. Here are some tips to keep in mind while you hunt for the perfect domain:

Your url should be catchy, easy to spell, and easy to remember. Keep it short and simple, without any special characters or hyphens.
Explore your top-level domain (TLD) options. The .com extension still reigns supreme for its credibility and memorability, but many shorter .com domains are already spoken for. Don’t overlook other reliable extensions like .net and .org—or industry-specific TLDs such as .io or .tech.
Plan for the future by choosing a name that can grow with your business over time.

Need more help? Check out our guide on How to Choose a Domain Name for everything you need to know.

What comes with an Epik domain?

Every Epik domain includes:

An SSL certificate
A customizable parking page
Optional WHOIS privacy to keep your contact info private
No surprises pricing – your domain will renew at the same price as registration, with no unexpected price hikes.
Should I secure my domain and business name at the same time?

We recommend it—especially if you want your business and domain name to match or be closely aligned. If you have a great name in mind for your business (and the domain is available), it’s best to strike while the iron’s hot.

There are a few ways to secure your business name. If you’re a sole proprietor, you can file DBA (doing business as) paperwork in your state, allowing you to legally operate under your desired company name.

If you just want to reserve your business name until you’re ready to launch, filing a name reservation form will buy you some time—usually up to 90 days.

Or, if you’re ready to form an LLC or corporation, you can lock down your business name by using it on your formation paperwork.

Securing your domain name is easy—use our domain name search at the top of this page to get started. If your first choice is taken, try out variations of your business name, including location words like “nyc” or short verbs like “get” until you find a domain that works. Register your domain with Epik—and be sure to add web hosting at checkout so you can get online fast.

Tip: when you hire Epik to start your LLC or corporation, we help you secure your business name and domain name at the same time. Just add a free trial of our Business Launchkit to your cart when you sign up for formation or registered agent service—and get a free domain for a year, plus professional email, web hosting, a business phone line, and more.

How do I start a business from scratch?

Starting a business from scratch might seem intimidating—but it’s actually pretty simple. Just start selling something—anything—and you have a business. But there are a few more steps you’ll want to take to really set yourself up for success. Our How to Start a Business Guide will walk you through all the details. And reach out to our team along the way—we’re always happy to help.

What kind of web hosting do I need for my small business?

Most beginners and small businesses just starting out find that shared web hosting fits the bill. It offers enough bandwidth, storage, and memory for a small-to-medium website—and won’t break the bank. As your business grows, you might need more resources. That’s when many business owners upgrade to VPS (Virtual Private Server) hosting, which gives you dedicated server space on a shared server. For maximum control and power, we recommend dedicated hosting, which is better for high-traffic websites and businesses needing an enterprise-level solution.

Need help launching your website? Sign up for Epik’s Registered Agent (RA), LLC, or Incorporation service to get started, and you’ll receive a free trial of our Business Launchkit. This includes shared WordPress hosting, easy-to-use templates, and 24/7 support. We get you online fast—with real human support whenever you need it.

Why do I need a business phone number and email address?

We understand that when you’re starting a business, making sales is the top priority—and we agree. 

But even in the early days, the way your business presents itself is also crucial. Using a business phone number and email address for your new venture not only keeps your work and personal lives separate (and helps you protect your privacy), it also tells your customers that they’re dealing with a professional.

With our Business Launchkit—part of our business formation and registered agent service at Epik—you get everything you need to launch your business, including a domain name, web hosting, business phone number, email address, and more. It’s free for the first 90 days and just $9 per month for each service after that. It’s the fastest (and simplest) way to get lines of communication for your business up and running.

The best part? There are no commitments or contracts. You can cancel anytime, or just keep the parts you need.

Let’s build something Epik.
.com
Bulk domain search

.com

$15.99

.net

$14.95

.org

$9.99

.co

$28.95

Legendary Customer Support
+1 (737) 301-5923

About

About
Press releases

Help

Contact Us
Support
Blog
Report Abuse

Account

Log in
Create account
Refunds
Pre-funded accounts

Resources

WHOIS
Bulk domain search
Promotions
Doing business as (DBA)
Hosting servers
Beneficial ownership information (BOI)
Annual report
Domain prices
Trademark guide
Name Liquidate TOS
Top level domain (TLD)

Our Services

Domain search & registration
Web hosting
SSL certificate
Email hosting
LLC formation
Incorporation
Nonprofit formation
Registered agent
Business address
Phone service
Universal TOS Marketplace TOS Lease TOS Refund Policy Privacy Policy Abuse Policy Registrant Rights Registration Agreement Manage Cookies

Epik ® is a registered trademark of Epik LLC. Copyright © 2025 by Epik LLC. All rights reserved. WHOIS Privacy services provided by Anonymize.com

.
.
.