Eponesh.Techonlogies About GameScore Games Contact Us EPONESH. focus on your Games and Development We develop web-games and solutions for game developers. We love to create games, invent interesting mechanics, improve existing ones, and please players. We also love to help game developers. Make life easier, simplify development. We give the opportunity to concentrate on what is really important. SOFTWARE GameScore SDK Powerful cross-publisher library for monetization and simplification of HTML5 games. With built-in overlay. Leaderboards Sort by score, gold, level and exp or any sort you want Read more Achievements Unite achievements into groups. Set rarity and image Read more Authorization Sign in by platform auth or secret code Read more Social actions Share, post, invite friends or invite in community Read more Save progress Even if browser or platform does not support it Read more Left Right We can simplify Unification of HTML5 games distribution and retention features with in-game interfaces Retention and engagement ﻿ Achievements and leaderboards, personal player rating, cloud saves, sync between devices Ready interfaces Login, sharing, leaderboards and achievements. Translated into 10 languages Unification of platforms One library for all platforms. Connects everything automatically, even ads Games We Created Kingdom home Kingdom House is a card game. You have to fight on the side of the guards of the kingdom. Fairy puzzle The game has 50 levels with different colorful pictures. Masha Florist: Magic Lily Help Masha grow a magic lily. Learn to grow flowers, control weeds and pests. Star Puzzle A calm and meditative game to pass the time. The aim of the game is to repeat the pattern point by point. Fillwords: Find Words The game has many different categories based on themes: food, animals, clothing and more. There is a nice bonus. Any questions? Contact us, we will help you! Contact us © 2021 Eponesh.Technologies, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Youtube Telegram © 2021 Eponesh.Technologies, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 116/3 Solovieva, Kolyvan, Novosibirsk oblast, Russia, 633161 Back to top Made on Tilda