EPrints Search Welcome to EPrints Welcome to the home of EPrints, the world-leading open-source digital repository platform. EPrints has been providing stable and innovative repository solutions for research communities and beyond for over 24 years. Explore our site to find out what EPrints is and what EPrints Services can do for you. EPrints Services Products and Services The EPrints Platform EPrints Community Customer testimonials “We are immensely proud of our creative arts research repository at UCA, which we’ve developed using EPrints.  It provides an engaging, visual showcase of our practice research outputs, as well as metadata and functionality attuned to the arts.  UCA pioneered the first specialist arts institutional repository in 2010, and EPrints Services were paramount as part of that journey.  We undertook a redesign project in 2022, which was another great success, combining our understanding of art and design with the technical expertise of the EPrints Services team, who were highly professional, conscientious, adaptable, and cost effective.” Amy Robinson, Digital Curation Manager University for the Creative Arts UCA Research Online “Moving our Digital Repository to EPrints Services’s hosting service has delivered many benefits for UEA. By providing affordable hosting, storage and support, EPrints Services has helped us maintain and develop our green Open Access provision, supporting funder compliance for publications as well as further supporting access to grey literature including theses and working papers. They also provide data to help us better understand the usage of our repository and improve the service. Their understanding of institutional pressures and the broader Open Access landscape as well as expertise with the technology makes them an invaluable partner in our ongoing digital transformation efforts.” Edmund Chamberlain University of East Anglia UEA Digital Repository “I have worked with EPrints Services on repository systems while at several UK institutions. At University of Glasgow, we operate a large repository portfolio, with several repositories embedded across a wide variety of corporate systems, including University website infrastructure, REF adjacent systems, and so forth. Ensuring service resilience is therefore critical for us. The support of EPrints Services helps to deliver this critical resilience, not only helping us in the management and exposure of our open digital content, but in servicing the wider data requirements of the institution.” George Macgregor University of Glasgow Enlighten Publications Read more customer testimonials 760+ Registered installations 126K+ Downloads 24 Years of EPrints 19 Years of EPrints Services © Copyright 2025, EPrints Services, University of Southampton.