Equally AI - Level up your web accessibility compliance [ADA , EAA & WCAG] Digital Agencies get $5k back with NVIDIA-backed accessibility. Learn why Products Widget Effortless accessibility, refined with AI How it works Customer Examples Integrations Compliance Flowy Test, collaborate and comply with AI Overview Docs Getting Started Accessibility with Full Control Start 7-day free trial Services Audit Professional web accessibility audit Overview Detailed Evaluation Audit Report in 3 Steps VPAT Professional web accessibility VPAT Overview What is a VPAT? VPAT & ACR in 3 Steps Verify Compliance Professional testing for complete compliance Overview Uncovering hidden gaps Verify compliance in 3 Steps Book a demo Pricing Partnerships Web Accessibility Compliance For All WCAG , ADA and EAA compliance starts here Affordable starting from $29/mo, no credit card, free trial Easy installation, fast turnaround, supports all platforms Compliance exceeds typical protections against legal claims Start for Free Continue with Google Non-Compliance Risks Old WCAG Protocols Complex Setup Short-Term Compliance Screen Reader Incompatibility Limited Customization No Litigation Support Undocumented Accessibility No Risk Management Basic Coverage Most websites are not accessible. There are over 50 barriers that prevent websites from meeting international accessibility standards. Our end-to-end solution is designed to tackle each one. Meet Equally AI The first true 'all-in-one' accessibility widget solution that ensures peace of mind and compliance with internationally recognized standards and governmental regulations. Learn more Partners SMBs Enterprise Experts " The accessibility widget is not only easy to integrate but also incredibly flexible in enhancing the compliance across all of our clients. " Joe Brown CEO at Effortless Compliance with AI Leverage our AI to make any website truly accessible. Apply the world’s leading technology, to streamline compliance with global regulations effortlessly. Get compliant, faster and easier. Accessible websites made easy A complete set of solutions to ensure your website complies with accessibility laws across different regions. Proactive compliance Stay ahead of legal requirements with continuous monitoring that ensures your website remains compliant with the latest accessibility laws. ARIA by Equally AI Check if your website is ADA & WCAG compliant Website URL * Website URL * In which regions are your target customers or users located? USA EU/UK Canada Worldwide * Please select all that apply Get Results Works out of the box on all  platforms View Integration Guides The 5-star accessibility company Equally Al has earned 5 stars in Capterra and G2. We're also top-rated on Software Advice and GetApp! Your road to accessibility begins now Try our free plan as long as you like. Upgrade to a paid plan to unlock advanced tools and pro-insights to take your site’s accessibility to the future. Start 7-day free trial Book a demo Discover Why Us How Accessibility Widget works Getting started with Equally AI Speed and Security Start 7-day free trial Integrations All Integrations WordPress Wix Shopify Webflow Drupal Resource Library FAQ Customization and Design Legal Blog Reports About Us WCAG 2.1/2.2 AA COMPLIANCE Section 508 COMPLIANCE Ada Title III COMPLIANCE AODA COMPLIANCE EAA COMPLIANCE IS 5568 COMPLIANCE Stanca Act COMPLIANCE © Equally.ai. All Rights Reserved. Version 2025.12.10000000007 Terms and Conditions Privacy policy Accessibility Statement Cookie Preferences