Your Privacy Choices

Equifax and its partners use Cookies and similar technologies as necessary to provide digital services and for advertising and targeting, analytics and performance, and functionality and personalization purposes. For more information, please review our Privacy Statement.

Learn more
Skip to main content
Personal
Business
About Us
Credit Report Help
Support
USA
Products & Services
Learn
Credit Offers & More
Search
Search
Sign in 
Your Credit. Your Identity.

We monitor your Equifax credit report, provide you with alerts, and help you recover from ID theft so you can focus on living your financial best.

$9.95 / month. Cancel at any time; no partial month refunds.1

SIGN UP NOW
Learn More 

Checking your own credit will NOT harm it.

Get robust identity theft protection and feel more secure from fraud

Our products help keep you informed and better protected.

EQUIFAX
Complete™

Equifax credit monitoring & ID theft protection features for one adult.

Identity restoration services
Equifax credit report lock2
Monthly
Annually

$9.95 / month
Cancel at any time; no partial month refunds.1

SIGN UP NOW
Learn More 
EQUIFAX COMPLETE™
Premier

3-bureau credit features & extra ID theft protection features for one adult.

All features of Equifax Complete
Up to $2MM in ID theft insurance4
Monthly
Annually

$19.95 / month
Cancel at any time; no partial month refunds.1

SIGN UP NOW
Learn More 
EQUIFAX COMPLETE™
Family Plan

Credit and ID theft protection features for the family.

All features of Premier for two adults
Equifax credit monitoring for four kids
Monthly
Annually

$29.95 / month
Cancel at any time; no partial month refunds.1

SIGN UP NOW
Learn More 
Explore Credit Offers
Credit Card

Find Credit Cards

You may benefit from a 0% intro APR credit card offer, better rates or a rewards program.
Personal Loan

Check loan rates

Whatever is on your horizon, there may be a personal loan option available to you.
Auto Loans

Get a loan quote

Search for potential savings by comparing your current auto loan with other offers.
Insurance

Explore insurance quotes

Find the right coverage for you and compare quotes today.
Plan your next big purchase
Reach your financial goals
Life is a series of milestones, and when it comes to finances, knowledge is your most valuable asset. If you're planning to buy a home, purchase a car, or take out a loan, find out what potential lenders are looking for.
READ MORE
Learn more about protection
Don't fall prey to identity theft
Find out how identity theft happens, and whether you or your loved ones may be at risk. Learn how to better protect your identity, and what you should look out for. And if you've been the victim of identity theft, find out what you can do immediately to begin the recovery process.
READ MORE
Navigate your credit journey with the myEquifax app
Visit the Equifax Consumer Services Center

Access helpful services and useful information to help you take control of your credit report, and better protect yourself from identity theft and fraud.

Get a Free Credit Report
Place or Manage a Freeze
Add a Fraud or Active Duty Alert
Submit a Dispute
Looking for business solutions?
 
EXPLORE BUSINESS

We will require you to provide your payment information when you sign up. We will immediately charge your card the price stated and will charge the card the price stated for each month you continue your subscription. You may cancel at any time; however, we do not provide partial month refunds.

Locking your Equifax credit report will prevent access to it by certain third parties. Locking your Equifax credit report will not prevent access to your credit report at any other credit reporting agency. Entities that may still have access to your Equifax credit report include: companies like Equifax Consumer Services LLC, which provide you with access to your credit report or credit score, or monitor your credit report as part of a subscription or similar service; companies that provide you with a copy of your credit report or credit score, upon your request; federal, state and local government agencies and courts in certain circumstances; companies using the information in connection with the underwriting of insurance, or for employment, tenant or background screening purposes; companies that have a current account or relationship with you, and collection agencies acting on behalf of those whom you owe; companies that authenticate a consumer's identity for purposes other than granting credit, or for investigating or preventing actual or potential fraud; and companies that wish to make pre-approved offers of credit or insurance to you. To opt out of such pre-approved offers, visit www.optoutprescreen.com.

We will require you to provide your payment information when you sign up. We will immediately charge your card the price stated and will charge the card the price stated for each year you continue your subscription. You may cancel at any time. You will receive a refund for any fully unused months of your annual subscription; sorry, we do not provide partial month refunds.

The Identity Theft Insurance benefit is underwritten and administered by American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, an Assurant company, under group or blanket policies issued to Equifax, Inc., or its respective affiliates for the benefit of its Members. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.

Credit Report Help
Get My Free Annual Credit Report
Get My Free Credit Score
Dispute info on Credit Report
Manage or Place a Security Freeze
Request a Fraud Alert
Active Duty Credit Monitoring
Compare Credit Monitoring Products
Human Trafficking Victim Assistance
Credit Education
Credit Scores
Credit Reports
Fraud & Identity Theft
Debt Management
Credit Cards
Personal Finance
Loans
Life Stages
Cybersecurity
Información crediticia de EE. UU.
Videos
Knowledge Center
For Businesses
Equifax Ignite
Market Pulse
Insights Blog
Resource Library
Developer Portal
Who We Are
Our Story
Careers & Culture
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Furnishing Data to Equifax
Support
Personal Credit: Contact Equifax Support
Business Customer Support
Connect with Sales
Security Breach Alerts
Equifax Consumer Services LLC Licenses and Disclosures
Accessibility Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices  Privacy Policy Report a Vulnerability Sitemap Terms of Use Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy
     
Copyright 2025 Equifax Inc. All rights reserved. Equifax and the Equifax marks used herein are trademarks of Equifax Inc. Other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play is a trademark of Google LLC.