Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, personalize content and analyze our traffic. By clicking “OK,” you consent to our use of cookies. Privacy Statement & GDPR OK Skip to main content × Menu Home Degrees & Programs Admissions Research Partnerships About Us Leadership Strategic Plan Centennial Newsroom ERNIE Give Daytona Beach, FL Campus Prescott, AZ Campus Worldwide Campus Embry-Riddle Online Asia Campus Connect with Us Facebook X YouTube LinkedIn × Search Search Popular Searches ERNIE Transcripts Tuition Career Services Human Resources Our Campuses Daytona Beach, FL Prescott, AZ Worldwide Embry-Riddle Online Asia Europe Degrees & Programs Certificate Programs Associate's Degrees Bachelor's Degrees Master's Degrees Doctoral Degrees Non-Degree Menu Search Request Info Apply Now Contact Us Newsroom ERNIE Give Daytona Beach, FL Campus Prescott, AZ Campus Worldwide Campus Embry-Riddle Online Asia Campus Degrees & Programs Admissions Research Partnerships About Us Leadership Strategic Plan Centennial Search University - Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University U.S. News & World Report Eagles are at it again. See for yourself! View our top-10 rankings Our Areas of Focus Applied Science Aviation Business Computers & Technology Engineering Security, Intelligence & Safety Space University News MORE NEWS Embry-Riddle Cadet Named Air Force ROTC All-American Student of the Year Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Cadet Alec Bessonny has been named the Air Force ROTC All-American Student of the Year — a distinction awarded to three top ROTC seniors across… Read more Electric Aircraft Pioneer AURA AERO Opens U.S. Headquarters, First Production Site at Embry-Riddle Aircraft manufacturer AURA AERO has cut the ribbon on an 11,000 sq. ft facility at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University’s Research Park that will serve as its U.S. headquarters… Read more Kenn and Pamela Ricci Family Establishes Two Endowed Chairs for Innovation at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Flexjet Chairman Kenn Ricci, his wife Pamela and their family have endowed two faculty chairs at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University focused on innovation in aviation, aerospace or… Read more Explore Your Options Decide where and how you’ll change the world Our residential campuses located in Daytona Beach, Florida and Prescott, Arizona offer you the choice of a spectacular beach setting or an amazing mountain community. Embry-Riddle Worldwide & Online offer award-winning technology that leverages online and face-to-face instruction through a network of locations designed to support student advancement in the U.S. and abroad. Daytona Beach, FL The Daytona Beach Campus is located adjacent to an international airport , a few miles from the beach, and a short drive to Orlando and Kennedy Space Center . + Prescott, AZ The Prescott Campus is located in the Bradshaw Mountains of Arizona, a short drive to the Grand Canyon and the red rocks of Sedona, and a day trip to Phoenix or Las Vegas . + Worldwide/Online Embry-Riddle Online and Worldwide offers online learning and has non-residential campuses in 35 U.S. states and nine countries around the world. + Set a Course for Success Turn your passion into a profession with an Embry-Riddle education Whether you're interested in Applied Science ; Aviation ; Business ; Computers & Technology ; Engineering ; Space ; or Security, Intelligence and Safety , Embry-Riddle has a major for you. We respond to the changing world around us, and our trailblazing degrees let you lead the way. Choose Your Degree #1 First and only undergraduate Space Physics program in the nation First College of Business, Security and Intelligence in the nation First Space Operations program in the nation First Uncrewed and Autonomous Systems Engineering program in the nation First and only undergraduate Aerospace Physiology degree in the nation Learn then Earn You expect results. We deliver them. Embry-Riddle graduates go places. They land jobs quickly and become leaders of industry. Your degree will get your foot in the door with some of the world’s top employers, and your campus contacts will be there to help along the way. 96 percent of Embry-Riddle graduates are employed or continuing their education within one year of graduation. (Source: 1-Year Alumni Survey, Office of Institutional Research, December 2024) Go Sky-High Your classrooms: The lab, the cockpit, the simulator At Embry-Riddle, you'll get hands-on experience from the time you get to campus. Explore the skies. Develop a rocket launch system. Run conflict scenarios in a situation room. Design airlines, networks, and fleets to maximize profitability. #5 Aerospace Engineering program among schools whose highest degree is a master’s, according to U.S. News & World Report 154 Instructional aircraft in our combined Daytona Beach and Prescott fleet 150 Total Embry-Riddle simulators 10 Straight years in top five for online bachelor's programs (U.S. News & World Report) 16 NIFA Safecon National Titles 0 hours As a Federal Aviation Administration-approved school, flight students in designated degree programs need 1,000 hours to become first officers—500 fewer hours than other schools. Establish Lifelong Connections Classmates today and industry leaders tomorrow While Embry-Riddle students represent all 50 states and 148 countries , there is one trait they all share; a determination to succeed . The bonds our students develop last a lifetime. Throughout the year, our Alumni Association works to connect alumni with each other and with hundreds of employers worldwide . over 160,000 in our alumni network over 200 Companies, that recruit at Embry-Riddle’s annual Career Expos 9 Alumni who are current or former astronauts 40 inches diameter of the mirror on the Daytona Beach Campus' telescope, the biggest among universities in Florida over 400 Clubs, organizations, fraternities and sororities, intramural and sports teams Reach New Heights Be a part of Embry-Riddle's unparalleled tradition As the world’s largest and most respected university specializing in aviation and aerospace , Embry-Riddle has been at the forefront of ground-breaking aeronautical milestones since the early days of flight. With over 160,000 graduates around the globe , Embry-Riddle is not only leading the future , it is changing it. Visit the University Archives to view official historical records Visit our Newsroom to read more about our prestigious past and what sets us apart The Embry-Riddle Company is founded by T. Higbee Embry and John Paul Riddle at Cincinnati’s Lunken Airport on Dec. 17 – exactly 22 years to the day after the Wright brothers’ famed flight at Kitty Hawk. The Embry-Riddle Flying School, which opened in spring 1926, gains attention in 1927 when the school trains student Frank Shelton to fly solo in only 5 hours, 34 minutes – believed to be the shortest amount of time at that point. Cincinnati becomes one of the nation’s first cities with direct Airmail service. The Embry-Riddle Company wins the contract because it had "gained a name for itself through the industry, the quality of its flying school, and the high tone of operations at Lunken Airport," according to the Cincinnati Enquirer. After thorough examination by the Aeronautics Branch of the U.S. Department of Commerce, Embry-Riddle’s Flying School becomes one of the first five schools in the country to receive an “Approved School Certificate” under the Air Commerce Act. The U.S. government selects the now
										Miami-based Embry-Riddle Company to train pilots for the U.S. Army Air Corps, the predecessor to the U.S. Air Force. By the height of WWII, Embry-Riddle is the largest privately operated flight school in the world. In the post-war years, the Riddle Aeronautical Institute continues to train pilots but struggles financially until the early 1960s, when increased demand for aviators causes the school to outgrow its Miami facilities. The Embry-Riddle Aeronautical Institute, established as a non-profit corporation in 1959, moves from Miami to Daytona Beach, FL, in 1965, in what the school calls “Operation Bootstrap.” Embry-Riddle achieves university status in 1970 and becomes Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. That same year, the first residence center is established in Fort Rucker, AL, the beginning of Embry-Riddle’s Worldwide Campus.  Later in the decade, the university opens a residential campus in Prescott, AZ. With residential campuses now in Daytona Beach, FL, and Prescott, AZ, tens of thousands of online students, and many Worldwide locations around the world, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University continues to train the world’s best pilots, plus some of the best engineers, mechanics, air traffic controllers, meteorologists, and many others. Request Info Apply Now Contact Us University Links Libraries Scholarly Commons Research at Embry-Riddle Faculty Directory Course Catalog Daytona Beach, FL Campus Prescott, AZ Campus Worldwide Campus Online Campus Asia Campus Career Services Alumni Engagement Lift Magazine Giving to Embry-Riddle Crowdfunding Awards and Fellowships Daytona Beach, FL Campus Prescott, AZ Campus Worldwide Campus Online Campus Asia Campus Professional Education K-12 / Dual Enrollment / Summer Camps Athletics Speaker Series International Education Working at Embry-Riddle Board of Trustees Accreditation Consumer Information California Disclosures erau.edu Admin Offices: 1 Aerospace Boulevard Daytona Beach, FL 32114-3900 © Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University. All Rights Reserved. Sitemap | Directory | Web Feedback Emergency Info | Nondiscrimination & Title IX | Military Disclaimer | Privacy Statement & GDPR | Terms of Use | Accessibility Facebook X YouTube LinkedIn TikTok