Cultivate your knowledge – Érudit Main Menu Publication types Journals Theses and dissertations Books and proceedings Research reports Log In About Érudit Coalition Publica Open access Annual report Advanced Search EN Français English My Library Search Breadcrumb Érudit Érudit Home Make a basic search Search Search Journals Books and proceedings Theses and dissertations Research reports Advanced Search Latest Issues Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Improvisation Matters: The Vision, Scholarship, and Legacy of Ajay Heble Volume 16, Number 2, 2025 In the journal Critical Studies in Improvisation / Études critiques en improvisation Education Volume 21, Number 4, 2025 In the journal International Journal of Education Policy and Leadership Education Au-delà des racines : les connaissances morphologiques au service de la littératie Volume 6, Number 3, 2025 In the journal Didactique Language Studies, Arts, Literary Studies Volume 47, Number 2, Winter 2023 In the journal Revista Canadiense de Estudios Hispánicos Humanities and Social Sciences, Sociology, Political Science Volume 6, Number 1, 2025 In the journal Critical Gambling Studies Humanities and Social Sciences, History Meurtres et mystères Number 7, Fall 2025 In the journal Revue d’histoire de la Nouvelle-France Humanities and Social Sciences EAU-delà des frontières : rivières en colère, peuples en résistance Volume 39, Number 2, 2025 In the journal Caminando / En marche! Literary Studies, Humanities and Social Sciences, History Volume 8, Number 1, 2025 In the journal Early Modern Digital Review Water and Environment L’économie circulaire dans le Sud global : un état des lieux des discours, des politiques et des pratiques Volume 24, Number 3, December 2024 In the journal VertigO History Folklore et légendes - des histoires qui se racontent Volume 31, Number 2, 2025 In the journal Histoire Québec Health Sciences, Education Volume 5, Number 2, October 2025 In the journal Journal of Practical Nurse Education and Practice Education L’essor des « autres » écoles et leurs impacts sur les conceptions de la pédagogie : la question de la coopération Volume 14, Number 5, 2025 In the journal Phronesis Theology, Philosophy Marc Richir et la question de l'anarchie Volume 81, Number 3, 2025 In the journal Laval théologique et philosophique Education Volume 22, Number 2, 2025 In the journal Revue internationale des technologies en pédagogie universitaire / International Journal of Technologies in Higher Education Humanities and Social Sciences Le droit au logement : vers la démarchandisation Number 34, Fall 2025 In the journal Nouveaux Cahiers du socialisme Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Artful Futures: Reflections on the Evolution of the Arts in Research Volume 9, Number 2, 2025 In the journal Art/Research International Education Special Issue: AI and Machine Learning Intensifies Digital Transformation of Higher Education: Opportunities, Possibilities, and Challenges Volume 19, Number 4, 2025 In the journal Journal of Teaching and Learning Humanities and Social Sciences, Geography, Urban Studies Volume 24, Number 4, 2025 In the journal ACME Humanities and Social Sciences, History Volume 5, 2024 In the journal Aestimatio Drama Angela Konrad Number 196 (4), 2025 In the journal Jeu All journals New journals International Journal on Homelessness Health Sciences, Humanities and Social Sciences, Urban Studies IJOH is an international, peer-reviewed, open-access journal focused on promoting and advancing scholarly communications and academic discourse among all sectors regarding preventing and ending homelessness … For more information Revue du CREMIS Humanities and Social Sciences, Social Work, Sociology The Revue du CREMIS aims to disseminate research beyond university walls. It publishes original texts on texts on social inequality, discrimination and alternative citizenship practices. … For more information Canadian Jewish Studies / Études juives canadiennes Literary Studies, Humanities and Social Sciences, History Canadian Jewish Studies / Études juives canadiennes is an interdisciplinary, peer-reviewed journal devoted to original scholarship that illuminates any and all aspects of the Canadian … For more information Quality Advancement in Nursing Education / Avancées en formation infirmière Health Sciences, Education Quality Advancement in Nursing Education - Avancées en formation infirmière (QANE-AFI), a bilingual double-anonymized peer-reviewed journal, aims to address questions and issues related specifically to … For more information Canadian acoustics Humanities and Social Sciences, Biology, Engineering This quarterly journal is free to individual members of the Canadian Acoustical Association (CAA) and institutional subscribers. Since 1982 Canadian Acoustics journal publishes refereed articles … For more information Canadian Journal of Nonprofit and Social Economy Research / Revue canadienne de recherche sur les OSBL et l’économie sociale Humanities and Social Sciences, Management The Canadian Journal of Nonprofit and Social Economy Research is dedicated to advancing the knowledge and understanding of the nonprofit and social economy sectors. It … For more information Early Modern Digital Review Literary Studies, Humanities and Social Sciences, History Early Modern Digital Review (EMDR) is an online, open-access, and refereed journal publishing high-quality reviews of digital projects related to early modern society and culture. … For more information Cahiers de l’ILOB / OLBI Journal Language Studies, Humanities and Social Sciences, Education OLBI Journal is a peer reviewed publication of the Official Languages and Bilingualism Institute (OLBI) and its Canadian Centre for Study of Bilingualism and Language … For more information Interconnections Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences, Philosophy Interconnections: Journal of Posthumanism / Interconnexions: revue de posthumanisme is a peer-reviewed, international, interdisciplinary, bilingual, open-access publication devoted to theorizing what it means to think … For more information Revue québécoise de didactique des mathématiques Mathematics, Education RQDM - Revue québécoise de didactique des mathématiques Fondée en 2018, la RQDM est une revue scientifique de didactique des mathématiques offerte en ligne en … For more information Bellica. Guerre, histoire et sociétés Humanities and Social Sciences, History Bellica. Guerre, histoire et sociétés est une revue d’histoire, interuniversitaire et francophone, ouverte sur les sciences humaines et sociales. Elle se donne pour objet l’étude … For more information The Northern Mariner Archaeology, Humanities and Social Sciences, History The Northern Mariner/Le marin du nord is a fully refereed, quarterly journal published by The Canadian Nautical Research Society and the North American Society for … For more information Facteurs humains Humanities and Social Sciences, Literary Studies La revue Facteurs humains: revue en sciences humaines et sociales de l'Université Laval est une revue multidisciplinaire qui offre un espace de publication à la … For more information Possibles Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences, Sociology, Political Science Possibles is a journal of ideas that combines intellectual rigor and accessible analysis. It was born in 1974 from the meeting of poets (Roland Giguère, … For more information Pawaatamihk Humanities and Social Sciences, Arts, Literary Studies In November 2022, our Circle of Editors had the opportunity to visit with Elder Verna DeMontigny and talk about our vision for this journal. During … For more information Journal of Juvenilia Studies Humanities and Social Sciences, Arts, Literary Studies The Journal of Juvenilia Studies (JJS) is an open-access, peer-reviewed e-journal that is published twice yearly by the International Society for Literary Juvenilia (ISLJ) and … For more information Orée Humanities and Social Sciences For more information Revue transatlantique d'études suisses Language Studies, Literary Studies, Political Science Fondée en 2011, la Revue transatlantique d'études suisses propose des contributions provenant de part et d’autre de l’océan. Bien qu'associée à l’origine à la Section … For more information Estuaire Literature Estuaire is North America's oldest French-language poetry journal, and one of Quebec's first creative journals. Founded in 1976, its mission is to foster creation, innovation, … For more information International Journal of E-Learning & Distance Education / Revue internationale de l’apprentissage en ligne et de l’enseignement à distance Education The International Journal of E-Learning & Distance Education (formerly the Journal of Distance Education) is an international publication of the Canadian Network for Innovation in … For more information tic&société Humanities and Social Sciences, Sociology Editorial Project The journal’s mission is to analyze relationships between information and communication technologies and society. We invite texts that address issues of communication and … For more information The journal of community informatics Humanities and Social Sciences, Management The Journal of Community Informatics speaks to a network of academics, CI practitioners, and national and multi-lateral policy makers. Each issue will contain a number … For more information Criminologie, Forensique, et Sécurité Social Work, Sociology, Law Criminologie, Forensique, et Sécurité aims to break down the silos and bring together the disciplines and professions that deal with crime, the security problems that … For more information Philosophy of Education Philosophy, Education Philosophy of Education publishes a wide range of work that addresses philosophical questions about education. This international peer-reviewed journal welcomes work in ethics, epistemology, politics, … For more information Matrix Anthropology and Ethnology, Humanities and Social Sciences, Women Studies Matrix: A Journal for Matricultural Studies (Matrix) is an open-access, peer-reviewed and refereed scholarly journal published online twice yearly. Matrix is founded to provide an … For more information Liberatio Humanities and Social Sciences, Theology Liberatio is the journal of the World Forum on Theology and Liberation. It is dedicated to exploring the intersection between theology, religion and spirituality, on the … For more information Canadian Journal of Psychoanalysis Psychology, Humanities and Social Sciences The Canadian Journal of Psychoanalysis (CJP) is published twice a year by the Canadian Psychoanalytic Society. In addition to clinical and theoretical papers on psychoanalysis … For more information Caribou Humanities and Social Sciences, History Caribou est le reflet et le témoin d’une culture culinaire, gastronomique et agroalimentaire québécoise en plein affirmation de son identité, portée par des chefs, des … For more information Canadian Journal of Urban Research Humanities and Social Sciences, Geography, Urban Studies The Canadian Journal of Urban Research (CJUR) is a peer reviewed, multidisciplinary, scholarly journal dedicated to publishing articles that address a wide range of issues … For more information Les Cahiers de propriété intellectuelle Humanities and Social Sciences, Law Les Cahiers de propriété intellectuelle" (CPI) is a Canadian scholarly journal specializing in intellectual property (IP) law, including copyright, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets. Published … For more information Anthropologie & Santé Health Sciences, Anthropology and Ethnology, Humanities and Social Sciences Anthropologie & Santé est une revue scientifique numérique semestrielle, créée en 2010. Elle diffuse les recherches dans le champ de l’anthropologie de la santé et … For more information Le Climatoscope Water and Environment, Engineering, Political Science Le Climatoscope est un projet qui a pour but de contribuer à la lutte aux changements climatiques, un enjeu d’une importance sans précédent tant au … For more information Histos Literary Studies, Humanities and Social Sciences, History Histos: The On-Line Journal of Ancient Historiography is an international journal based at the University of Alberta, publishing scholarship primarily in Classical Studies along with … For more information Exceptionality Education International Education Exceptionality Education International provides a forum for research and dialogue on topics relevant to the education of people with exceptionalities and how barriers to the … For more information Revue juridique Thémis de l’Université de Montréal Law The Revue juridique Thémis de l'Université de Montréal (RJTUM) is North America's oldest legal journal. RJTUM has evolved from a student publication to a professional … For more information Canadian Journal of Emergency Nursing / Journal canadien des infirmières d’urgence Health Sciences The Canadian Journal of Emergency Nursing (CJEN) is the official scholarly publication of the National Emergency Nursing Association of Canada (NENA). We are an open-access, … For more information Arc Humanities and Social Sciences, Theology, Philosophy Arc is an interdisciplinary, peer-reviewed journal published annually by the School of Religious Studies (formerly Faculty of Religious Studies), McGill University. Founded in 1973, the … For more information Intersectionalities Humanities and Social Sciences, Social Work, Sociology Intersectionalities: A Global Journal of Social Work Analysis, Research, Polity, and Practice aims to underscore issues relating to oppression, privilege, and resistance in society and … For more information Le Carnet. Histoires de l'art Women Studies, Arts, History La revue Le Carnet. Histoires de l’art est issue d’un projet initial porté par l’Équipe de recherche en histoire de l’art du Québec (ÉRHAQ). Lancée … For more information Journal of Practical Nurse Education and Practice Health Sciences, Education The Journal of Practical Nurse Education and Practice (JPNEP) provides a space where practical nurse educators, practitioners, students, administrators and other interested stakeholders share ideas … For more information L'Estuaire Literary Studies, History L'Estuaire, la revue d’histoire des pays de l’estuaire du Saint-Laurent, paraît depuis 1973. Publiée jusqu’en 1997 sous le nom de Revue d’histoire du Bas-Saint-Laurent, elle … For more information IDEAH Literary Studies, Humanities and Social Sciences Interdisciplinary Digital Engagement in Arts & Humanities (IDEAH) is a peer-reviewed, online, open access journal committed to publishing digital humanities research, as it is most … For more information Didactique Education Didactique publishes articles reporting on the results of educational research aimed at a better understanding of the learning subject, the learning agent and object, and … For more information Érudit News Collections Happy Holidays ! Read more Dec. 18, 2025 Issues of scholarly dissemination Managing Access to the erudit.org Platform: Deployment of Anubis Read more Dec. 11, 2025 News One Step Further into the Future of Knowledge Read more Dec. 9, 2025 See all the news erudit. org Érudit provides access to many document collections in the social sciences and humanities: journals, books and proceedings, theses, and research reports. For more information Librarians Provide high-quality content to your patrons. Subscribe Publishers Make your journal accessible worldwide. Publish with us Researchers Access services tailored for document exploitation. Explore our data Users Find the right sources and data for your research. Find articles Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter About Help Accessibility Research Guide Contact us Journals Theses and dissertations Books and proceedings Research reports Cultivate your knowledge. Follow us Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms and conditions © 2025 Érudit Consortium