Escort South Africa ~ Established 2001: SA's Most Reliable Escort Review Community" Escort South Africa, established in 2001, is an online listing and review community for independent escorts residing in Johannesburg , Pretoria , Cape Town , Durban and other cities in South Africa. Our goal is to provide you, the subscriber, with relevant up-to-date information that will assist you in making an informed choice. To this end we have 
          an active moderated escort forum for the discerning gentleman, as well as a comment section where subscribers can obtain all the 
          necessary information of the companion they are considering !! WARNING: ADULT CONTENT !! If you have children who have access to the internet, please prevent them from accessing this site by protecting your system with one of the following programs: Net Nanny , Cyber Patrol , or Cyber Sitter . 
          You can visit these sites simply by clicking on the links listed above. This site contains adult material that may be offensive to some individuals. The material on this site is adult oriented and related to a mature audience. Beyond this warning page there are links to other material of adult nature. Access is made available only to those who accept the terms of the following agreement: "I do not find sexual or adult related material to be offensive or objectionable. I am at least 18 years of age and have the legal right to possess adult material. I understand the laws and standards set in my community, site and computer to which I am viewing this material, and am solely responsible for my own actions. Under penalty of perjury, I solemnly affirm that I am over the age of 18 and that I am not accessing escortsouthafrica.com for the purpose of obtaining information that will be used by others or me in any capacity against the Webmaster of this site, its owners, employees or any other parties associated with escortsouthafrica.com/esa.co.za" We provide advertisements and links to referral services for independent contractors. We do not provide access to sites which engage in illegal sexual activities, nor do we condone the same. This site provides referral services only and any violations of this declaration should be brought to our attention immediately. Enter Leave