Esade | Business & Law School in Barcelona & Madrid Pause the image slider Play the image slider en es ca Menu Close Main menu About us Who we are International Presence Rankings Technology Sustainability and impact Women at Esade Esade Alumni Programs Bachelor's Degrees Master of Science (MSc) MBA Programs Masters in Law Executive Masters Executive Education Research Programs Summer School Scholarship Program and Financial Aid Learning Innovation Methodology Center for excellence in T & L Esade SUD The Rambla of Innovation Quality and Accreditations Psychological and Counselling Service - PACS Faculty and Research Faculty Research Knowledge Units News & Events Upcoming events Academic Sponsorships News In the media Podcast & Media-blogs Social Media Media room Careers Organizations Students Meet our team Giving Support us Impact stories Campaigns Facts & Figures Corporate Partnerships News Do Better Global agenda Empresa Innovation & technology Social Esade en es ca Full Time MBA Lead the future. Make a difference. View program New Esade Campus in Madrid LEARN MORE Executive Education #5 Best Open Programs, while its Custom Programs were ranked 11th, according to the Financial Times 2025 ranking. More information Esade Programs Close View Programs Bachelor Degrees Bachelor Degrees View Bachelor Degrees Business Administration Law Global Governance, Economics & Legal Order Business Administration and Law Law + Global Governance, Economics & Legal Order Transformational Leadership and Social Impact Business Administration & AI for Business Business Administration + Global Governance, Economics & Legal Order MSc Programs MBA Programs MBA Programs View MBA Programs MBA Full Time Executive MBA Executive Education Executive Education View Executive Education Open Programs Online Programs Programs for organizations Masters in Law Research Programs Research Programs View Research Programs MRes in Management Sciences PhD in Management Sciences Doctorado en Derecho Summer School Summer School View Summer School Global Governance & Law Experience International Business Experience International Summer Program Executive Masters Learning Innovation Close View Learning Innovation Methodology Center for Excellence in Teaching & Learning Esade SUD. Community Engagement The Rambla of Innovation The Rambla of Innovation View The Rambla of Innovation eWorks Decision Lab Fusion Point eGarage Fab Lab Finance Lab Technology Quality and Accreditations International Presence Close View International Presence Global and Diverse Community Strategic Alliances Exchange programs Talent Development - Esade Careers Scholarships and Donations Close View Scholarships and Donations Scholarships and Financial Aid Donations Knowledge Units Close View Knowledge Units Business Network Dynamics Center for LeadershipS and Sustainability Center for Corporate Governance Leadership Development Research Centre Conflict Management Research Group Entrepreneurship Institute Esade Center for Social Impact Esade Women Initiative EsadeEcPol EsadeGeo EsadeGov Group for Research in Economics and Finance Institute for Data-Driven Decisions Institute for Innovation and Knowledge Management Institute for Labor Studies Institute for Social Innovation Patrimonial Law Group Sustainability and impact Close View Sustainability and impact Sustainability Week 2025 Events & news Close View Events & news Events Events View Events Corporate Events Bachelor Events Masters in Management Events MBA Events Executive MBA Events Law School Events Executive Education Events Academic Sponsorships News Media room Do Better Close View Do Better Business Global agenda Innovation & technology Social Programs Bachelor's View more Bachelor's MBA programs View more MBA programs Masters View more Masters Executive Education View more Executive Education Research programs View more Research programs Summer School View more Summer School Customized corporate solutions for companies Innovation and leadership with transformative impact At Esade, we recognize that the sustainable success of an organization depends on its ability to align talent development with strategic objectives. Therefore, we design customized corporate training solutions that transform your teams, encourage innovation, and develop results-oriented leaders. Customized training Creation of exclusive programs that address the unique challenges facing your company and enhance the key skills needed to achieve its objectives. Management and executive development programs Advanced training that develops visionary leaders capable of managing change and creating significant impact within the organization. Advanced functional specialization Modules that delve into strategic business areas to enhance performance and operational efficiency. Esade Women. Female leadership with impact. They are clear about their future and find their own path. As entrepreneurs, executives, and leaders, they lead with purpose in organizations and companies around the world. They are shaping the future by creating positive change. They are women with impact. Women like you. Learn more Esade Women. Female leadership with impact. A strategic approach: partnerships for talent development Individual and group plans: we work with you to identify specific development needs, ensuring that each program aligns with short, medium, and long-term business goals. Strategic alignment: to encourage cohesion and overall performance, we ensure that training plans address organizational challenges and the growth aspirations of internal talent. More information A strategic approach: partnerships for talent development We are leading educational innovation for entrepreneurship and sustainability #2 Best Executive Education, worldwide for Open Programs Financial Times #4 MBA programs for entrepreneurship, worldwide Poets&Quants #5 MBA in Europe Financial Times +135 activities for entrepreneurs with more than 9,000 attendees. +350 startups supported on the eWorks accelerator program. 73,000 Alumni, 74 international chapters, 12 territorial chapters, and 24 cross-club chapters. Esade Executive Education, 5th best in the world Esade Executive Education has consolidated its global leadership, reaching the top 5 position globally in terms of Open Programs, while its Custom Programs were ranked 11th, according to the Financial Times ’ 2025 ranking. Esade’s Open Programs received an overall score of 9.76 out of 10 from participants , standing out as the 1st business school in the world in terms of guiding students after they graduate, the #2 in terms of acquiring new skills and #3 for faculty. This recognition reflects Esade’s commitment to providing a transformative education, one that’s connected to the real challenges that companies and professionals face. More information Esade Executive Education, 5th best in the world Tomas Waisman Participant, Esade Fusion Point, CBI 2023 Program and Esade MBA student "As an MBA student, I was given the opportunity to create, together with a team of engineers and designers, a prototype that empowers individuals and governments to prevent air pollution and improve air quality. This project goes beyond finance and economics and shows how to understand and create dynamic systems and maximize sustainable benefits". George Chondrakis Director, EEI - Esade Entrepreneurship Institute “Entrepreneurship is an art and a science. We study entrepreneurship to identify the best practices and the startup configurations that are most likely to survive”. Irene Unceta Academic director of the Bachelor of Business Administration & Bachelor in Artificial Intelligence for Business “This new degree is a great opportunity to have the best of both worlds. You study the business aspects and therefore consider the impact of your job – while also focusing on developing more technical skills. It offers a unique balance between both”. News Get to know our approach to driving knowledge and promoting new solutions to current and future challenges. AI agents: The future of artificial intelligence The creation of value in the AI sector is rapidly shifting toward specific applications—an area where, for now, everything is yet to be built. More information AI agents: The future of artificial intelligence Is artificial intelligence sustainable? The AI industry has pursued a development path with high economic and ecological costs. However, recent market innovations show that a more sustainable formula is possible. More information Is artificial intelligence sustainable? AI design is a choice — and people deserve better options By prioritizing human-centric innovation, AI can empower users and foster trust, satisfaction and mutual enrichment between humans and machines. More information AI design is a choice — and people deserve better options Rebeca Grynspan, at Esade: “It would be disappointing if Europe does not sign the Mercosur agreement” The Secretary-General of UNCTAD urges the EU to consider China as a key market for services More information Rebeca Grynspan, at Esade: “It would be disappointing if Europe does not sign the Mercosur agreement” Students from Esade, UPC and IED Barcelona join forces with CERN  to boost the automotive circular economy and regenerate ecosystems in the Philippines The projects, developed in conjunction with SEAT & CUPRA and MAD Travel–Ateneo de Manila University, address areas ranging from new recycling methods and lengthening vehicle life cycles to forest moni... More information Students from Esade, UPC and IED Barcelona join forces with CERN  to boost the automotive circular economy and regenerate ecosystems in the Philippines Esade Alumni renews board of directors to boost global outreach Jorge Alcover, general director of the Goldman Sachs Global Banking and Markets division, is appointed president of Esade Alumni; Enrique Tombas, president of Suma Capital, becomes a board member; and... More information Esade Alumni renews board of directors to boost global outreach Upcoming events Follow our webinars and events in face-to-face, hybrid, or online format – and connect with the analysis and insight of our experts Discover more Wednesday 21 January 2026 Construir el voluntariado del futuro: renovación generacional y transformación 18:00h Online Register Construir el voluntariado del futuro: renovación generacional y transformación Wednesday 28 January 2026 Aprendizajes de las colaboraciones con impacto social entre ONG, administración pública y empresa 18:00h Online Register Aprendizajes de las colaboraciones con impacto social entre ONG, administración pública y empresa Thursday 29 January 2026 Ciberseguridad en Infraestructuras Críticas: Retos y Perspectivas Jurídicas en Europa 12:30h In person  |  Campus Barcelona Register Ciberseguridad en Infraestructuras Críticas: Retos y Perspectivas Jurídicas en Europa Discover more Esade in social networks Discover the Esade community and find inspiration and information. Contact us Esade (Barcelona) Call us +34 932 806 162 Where to find us Esade (Madrid) Call us +34 913 597 714 Where to find us More information About us Encouraging meaningful change since 1958 Do Good. Do Better. MAIN MENU About us Programs Learning Innovation Faculty and Research Main menu News & events Esade Careers Giving Do Better Beyond by Esade Work with us RELATED LINKS Esade Alumni Esade Forum Esade Quality Esade Shop OUR POLICIES Legal Notice Cookies policy Personal Data Protection Transparency Portal Site map en es ca Follow us on linkedin Follow us on twitter Follow us on facebook Follow us on youtube Follow us on instagram Follow us on tiktok en es ca Esade Shop UNIJES Contact us My Esade © 2025 Esade Ramon Llull University Close Change language The program content is not available in the language in which you are browsing Change to English Change to Spanish Change to Catalan Close