Ad Fraud Prevention & Monitoring Platform × home Solutions IVT Mitigation Proxy Detection Ad Viewability Features Case Studies Company Contact About Us Schedule a Meeting home Solutions IVT Mitigation Proxy Detection Ad Viewability Features Case Studies Company About Us Contact Schedule a Meeting ☰ Log in STREAMLINED & ON DEMAND AD FRAUD SOLUTION Flexible Ad Fraud Coverage That You Can Count On REAL-TIME PROTECTION CTV • DISPLAY • APP • VIDEO WATCH THE VIDEO Did You Know That On Average 15% of Ad Revenue & Spend Is Lost Due To Ad Fraud? The presence of fraudulent and low quality activity will cause optimization to swing into the wrong direction. This can lead to decreased revenue, fill, bid rate, and overall opportunity. Our services can help reverse these trends, add a line of transparency, and protect your relationships. Easy To Deploy EXPLORE FEATURES & Ad Fraud Services IVT Mitigation Invalid traffic (IVT) creates fake ad requests, impressions, and actions. It damages your revenue, wastes your budget, deprives you of campaign metrics, harms your relationships, and can even destroy what you've built. We offer pre-bid and post-bid solutions that can solve the problem by detecting and blocking both general invalid traffic (GIVT) and sophisticated invalid traffic (SIVT). Ad Viewability An ad that is never seen by an audience cannot yield any type of performance. For buyers, non-viewable inventory drains your budget and offsets your KPIs. Sellers, a placement that isn't viewable leads to a decrease in demand and ultimately damages your reputation. Tracking viewability allows you to meet your business objectives while also making impactful revenue decisions. Proxy Detection Malicious users and bad actors conceal themselves by hiding behind anonymous services. Detect these users and put a stop to their harmful activity. Protect from account hijackings and takeovers, reduce payment fraud, validate lead information, identify fake submissions, stop click and affiliate fraud, enforce geo restrictions, and prevent duplicate accounts from being created. AS SEEN IN MEASURING CAMPAIGNS IN AND MORE! Get Started IVT Mitigation Proxy Detection Ad Viewability Features Case Studies Schedule a Meeting Company Contact Press Integration Partnerships Blog Privacy © Escalated Solutions, LLC