Skip to main content
search
About eScholarship
Campus Sites
UC Open Access Policies
eScholarship Publishing
UCPUBS
Open Access Publications from the University of California
UC Riverside
Explore all of our campuses
eScholarship Publishing

Open Access publishing for journals, monographs, conference proceedings and more.

Learn More
eScholarship Repository

Open Access repository services for UC researchers to share their scholarly output.

Learn More
Why Open Access with eScholarship?
Good for Authors

Open Access research is read and cited more than access-restricted scholarship, increasing the academic impact of and public engagement with your ideas.

Good for Readers

The University of California’s Open Access policies extend the University’s public mission to share broadly — throughout California, the nation, and the world — the research and knowledge produced at our campuses.

Metrics of Use
541,308
Items
274,236,713
Views
Learn more about UC Open Access
eScholarship is an open access publishing platform
eScholarship Publishing

eScholarship Publishing is an open access publishing platform subsidized by the University of California, managed by the California Digital Library, and offered free of charge to UC-affiliated departments, research units, publishing programs and individual scholars.

We offer publishing and production tools, including a full editorial and peer review system, as well as professional support and consulting services.

View all 90 current journals
Learn more about eScholarship Publishing
eScholarship is the institutional repository for the UC system
Institutional Repository

eScholarship serves as the institutional repository for the ten University of California campuses and affiliated research centers.

eScholarship Repository content includes postprints (previously published articles), as well as working papers, electronic theses and dissertations (ETDs), student capstone projects, and seminar/conference proceedings.

Deposit Work
Browse campuses
Repository Holdings
462,414
Articles
2,887
Books
67,839
Theses
Browse all eScholarship holdings
Learn more about the eScholarship repository
Top
Home
About eScholarship
Campus Sites
UC Open Access Policy
eScholarship Publishing
Accessibility
Privacy Statement
Site Policies
Terms of Use
Admin Login
Help
Powered by the
California Digital Library
Copyright © 2017
The Regents of the University of California

Cookie Settings
eScholarship uses cookies to ensure you have the best experience on our website. You can manage which cookies you want us to use.

Our Privacy Statement includes more details on the cookies we use and how we protect your privacy.

Allow only necessary cookies
Allow all cookies