Welcome to ESF Skip to main content Skip to footer content News Events Athletics Grad School Donate Contact My ESF About About ESF Fast Facts College Leadership Rankings ESF/SU Relationship Regional Campuses Visit ESF Maps and Directions Campus Tour Sustainability Strategic Plan Fiscal Stability Plan College Foundation Academics Academics at ESF The Ranger School The Graduate School Registrar Summer Programs Study Abroad Library Academic Calendar Academic Administration Catalog Computing Admissions Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Visiting Students Special Sessions Costs & Financial Aid Visit ESF Campus Tour Life Student Life at ESF Traditions Career Services Computing & IT Services Tuition & Aid Tuition & Aid Financial Aid Bursar Research Overview Centers & Institutes Office of Research Programs ESF students are making a real-world impact across the globe. As a future Mighty Oak, you can be part of the solutions that improve our world. Apply today and take your first step toward meaningful experiences and rewarding careers. Apply Today! Visit Campus Welcome to the SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry About Academics Admissions Life at ESF Research Making an Impact See All Stories > Rare Chestnut Bee Discovered at ESF Orchard > Rare Chestnut Bee Discovered at ESF Orchard A rare bee species native to New York state was discovered in Syracuse at an ESF research
                                    station. Read More ESF Rolls Out Green Carpet for The College Tour Premiere > ESF Rolls Out Green Carpet for The College Tour Premiere College Celebrates Being the First SUNY Featured on Amazon Prime Series. Read More Students Connect with Employers, Graduate Schools > Students Connect with Employers, Graduate Schools A new, expanded career event helps students take the next step toward their professional
                                    futures. Read More Seth Thompson Appointed Chief Diversity Officer > Seth Thompson Appointed Chief Diversity Officer Thompson brings decades of experience in higher education leadership, diversity programming,
                                    and student support. Read More The SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry (ESF) is featured in season
                              15 of the popular Amazon series, The College Tour ! See our Student Stars > Upcoming Events Nov 05 Wed Registration for Spring 2026 Jan 01 Thu QWL First Day Hike 2026 12:00 pm - 2:00 pm Jan 08 Thu Hardy Shirley Faculty Mentoring Colloquium 8:30 am - 10:30 am Jan 09 Fri Graduate Student Orientation — Spring 2026 9:00 am - 2:00 pm See All Events UNRIVALED in integrating environmental courses, research & experience. GLOBAL in outlook, relevance, reputation, reach & critical impact. DEDICATED to the stewardship of the natural & designed environments. By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy I agree. Apply Request Information Visit SUNY ESF 1 Forestry Drive Syracuse, NY 13210 315-470-6500 Quick Links Office of Business Affairs ESF Bookstore University Police Computing and Log-ins Resources Sitemap Accessibility Careers Consumer Information Faculty Directory ESF for... Students Employees Donors Alumni © 2025 State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry ©