Automation Software For Source-to-Pay and Order-to-Cash Skip to main content User login Esker on Demand TermSync Support Contact us Watch a demo English English, Australian English, British English, Singapour French German Italian Spanish Dutch Search Main navigation Solutions Source-to-Pay Sourcing Supplier Management Contract Management Procurement Accounts Payable Payment Business Sustainability Mobile Functionality Order-to-cash Customer Service Customer Inquiry Management Order Management Claims Management Accounts Receivable Credit Management Invoice Delivery Payment Cash Application Deductions Management Collections Management Global E-Invoicing E-Invoicing E-Invoicing in France Electronic Data Interchange Technologies Artificial Intelligence Cloud Platform Multi-ERP Integration Security Robotic Process Automation Esker Pay Our Customers Customer Success Stories Resources Demo library Analyst Recognition Ebooks Podcasts Webinars on Demand Blog Partner Program Become a Partner Our Partners Partner Resources OEM Solutions Banking Partners Events Webinars Tradeshows All Access Conference Company About Us Positive-Sum Growth Locations ESG Leadership Data Privacy Careers Our Culture Esker Ethos Job Opportunities News Press Releases In the News Services Consulting Solutions Support Customer Experience Referral Program Search AI Automation Suite for the Office of the CFO Esker enables the Office of the CFO to optimize working capital and cashflow management, improve decision-making, and achieve better business outcomes through secure and strategic AI technologies. Watch a demo Click for more solutions Our solutions Unlock smarter growth across your business Source-to-Pay Transform the way you source, purchase, book and pay Sourcing Manage and source goods and services from external suppliers efficiently and cost-effectively. Learn more Supplier Management Centralize supplier data and simplify supplier onboarding, while effectively managing compliance and risk. Learn more Contract Management Manage new and existing contracts from a single digital repository. Learn more Procurement Optimize and control the procurement of goods and services, helping to speed up AP processing. Learn more Accounts Payable Reduce invoicing costs and delays with AI-driven data capture, touchless processing and electronic workflow. Learn more Payment Automate payment approval workflow while securing discounts and supporting suppliers that need cash. Learn more Business Sustainability Easily monitor supplier sustainability performance and set improvement targets to drive ongoing ESG efforts. Learn more Mobile Functionality Speed up the processing of purchase requisitions, invoices, expense reports and contracts while on the go. Learn more Customer Service Deliver the best customer experience possible Customer Inquiry Management Address requests faster and deliver a better customer experience using AI-assisted classification and replies. Learn more Order Management Process B2B orders electronically — regardless of format — with end-to-end accuracy, visibility and efficiency. Learn more Claims Management Quickly log, track and resolve all claims with AI-driven data capture and automated workflow capabilities. Learn more Accounts Receivable Elevate your invoice-to-cash strategy and performance Credit Management Secure revenue through an optimized credit approval and risk monitoring process. Learn more Invoice Delivery Deliver invoices according to customer preferences with 100% e-invoicing compliance in 60+ countries. Learn more Payment Processing Increase your chances of securing on-time, in-full payments with online payment capabilities. Learn more Cash Application Simplify and accelerate cash application thanks to AI-powered remittance management and auto-matching. Learn more Deductions Management Efficiently manage customer deductions and disputed amounts while protecting margins. Learn more Collections Management Collect cash faster and reduce bad debt with AI-based predictions and risk analysis. Learn more Trusted by 3,000+ businesses worldwide Save time and money by automating repetitive, low-value tasks. Improve customer satisfaction by delivering a responsive, personalized experience. Make smarter decisions with accurate, actionable and predictive data. Explore our customer stories Sustainable growth Read how NVIDIA is processing orders with 50% less manual work — despite rapid business growth. Read full story Decreased DSO Learn how Trek optimized DSO and customer satisfaction while managing staffing issues. Watch video Reduced past-due invoices Discover how Lennox’s AP team can handle increasing invoice volumes quickly and accurately. Learn more Capabilities that empower the Office of the CFO Esker stands out as the cloud solution of choice for ambitious, future-ready businesses. Our end-to-end platform offers an unmatched range of features designed to simplify your processes, optimize performance and convert goals into actions. Global cloud platform to ensure business continuity and end-to-end connectivity Learn more Artificial intelligence technology to optimize data recognition, validation and more Learn more One interface for a 360-degree view over customer and supplier information Custom dashboards for each user with real-time KPIs and reporting features Multi-ERP integration that is always simple and secure in any environment Learn more Mobile capabilities to perform business-critical tasks while working remote Learn more See how Esker's capabilities can help you Smart, simple, secure We do AI differently Meet Esker Synergy AI: The powerful Agentic AI platform that leverages the latest developments in machine learning, GenAI and RAG. With over 15 years of research, Synergy is built to address the evolving questions about AI useability, security and sustainability. We are working to create a solid foundation that good business and relationships are built on. Your data stays yours All Esker solutions and Synergy GPT functionalities are designed to ensure data security and privacy, ensuring your data cannot be used, saved or shared by third parties. Purposeful & responsible We train our own LLM for targeted, purposeful and high-value AI use, while larger models run on shared servers. Our GenAI is continuously optimized for performance and sustainability. LLM as a Service Esker Synergy GenAI is seamlessly integrated into our solutions, so you don’t need a separate LLM provider. We handle prompt engineering, updates and secure scaling, lowering your total cost of ownership. Learn more What leading analysts say about Esker With four decades of innovation and expertise, Esker's suite of AI-powered automation solutions has been recognized by multiple leading analyst firms over the years. Most recently, these include: Esker named a Leader in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Invoice-to-Cash Applications , a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Accounts Payable Applications and a Challenger in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Source-to-Pay Suites . Esker recognized as a Leader and Major Player in IDC MarketScapes for Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable Automation. Esker named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape: European Compliant e-Invoicing 2024 Vendor Assessment. Esker named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Accounts Payable Invoice Automation, Q3 2024. Esker identified as a Notable Vendor in the Forrester Order Management Systems Landscape, Q3 2024. Explore our analyst recognition & awards Positive-sum growth Creating a business experience where everyone wins Positive-sum growth is a business philosophy that aims to create value for all stakeholders involved in a company’s activities. Esker’s AI-driven solutions were designed to nurture this “everyone wins” ecosystem — addressing the needs and interests of your customers, employees, suppliers, partners and even the planet. Your employees Bring greater dignity, meaning and autonomy to the daily lives of employees. Your customers Become the one thing all your customers want — easy to do business with. Your suppliers Provide suppliers with timely payments, transparency and self-service options. Your partners Deliver revenue-driving opportunities to partners though integrated digital solutions. Learn more about positive-sum growth Ready to get started? Schedule your free demo with a member of our Sales team to see how Esker’s solutions can help you. Request a demo Frequently asked questions We’ve compiled answers to some of the most commonly asked questions about Esker and our suite of process automation solutions. Have a question you can’t find the answer to? Reach out by clicking the “Get in touch” button below. What areas of business do Esker’s solutions automate? Esker is the only cloud platform that can handle automating processes across the source-to-pay (S2P) and order-to-cash (O2C) spectrum. This means you have the freedom to pursue digital transformation in virtually any area of your business — automating as much or as little as you want, with the ability to expand to different processes or departments beyond your starting point. On the S2P side, Esker’s solutions span across critical processes such as sourcing, supplier management, procurement and accounts payable. For O2C leaders, Esker offers intuitive solutions for optimizing order management and accounts receivable processes, including: credit management, invoice delivery, payment, cash application, deductions and collections management. What are some of the benefits that Esker’s solutions bring to businesses? Whether it’s S2P or O2C processes, Esker’s AI-driven automation solutions deliver significant benefits to today’s businesses. Chief among these include: improvements to your most strategic relationships (i.e., customers and suppliers), greater savings in both hard and soft costs, higher productivity and satisfaction levels within team members, and increase control and compliance on a global scale. Furthermore, in an era of increasing uncertainty and disruption, today’s businesses need to be one thing above all else — resilient. Esker equips companies with the AI-powered technology needed withstand future risks while also achieving true positive-sum growth; that is, growth that is built on everyone (e.g., employees, customers, suppliers, the environment, etc.) benefitting, not just the shareholders. What is the technology powering Esker’s solutions? Esker’s cloud-based solutions are powered by a multitude of different functionalities, with cognitive technologies like Artificial Intelligence (AI), Robotic Process Automation (RPA) and process automation being the “heavy lifters.” These technologies are designed to reduce manual administrative tasks, increase speed and accuracy, and improve the overall quality of the data and documents that businesses process. It’s worth noting that AI and RPA are not designed to replace workers but, instead, enhances how your team performs their daily tasks. Think of it as a digital team member that works 24/7 on its assigned tasks and never takes a day off! Is Esker a replacement for my ERP system? No, Esker’s software solutions are not designed to replace ERPs; rather, they seamlessly integrate with whatever system or systems currently in place to fill in the manual gaps most conventional ERPs can’t handle. In fact, Esker integrates with over 70 different ERP solutions. The result is that documents get processed faster and more accurately, employees work more efficiently, and your company can maximize its ERP investment. Esker is particularly helpful for organizations that have expanded through M&A activity, which often involves piecing together disparate ERP systems. Esker simplifies this complexity! Is Esker a global company? We sure are! Esker not only has two U.S. offices in Madison, WI, and Denver, CO, we also operate in other areas of North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific with global headquarters in Lyon, France. More than 2,500 companies use our AI-driven process automation software worldwide. This experience and international development strategy afford Esker a very unique perspective that not all cloud solution providers can offer — connecting us to what organizations of all different sizes and locations are looking for in terms of digital solutions both now and in the future. How do Esker solutions use Agentic AI? Agentic AI — an autonomous artificial intelligence that can set goals, make decisions and take actions to achieve those goals — is just one of many layers of technology that powers the Esker Synergy AI engine. Agentic AI is used within our Source-to-Pay and Order-to-Cash solutions as “Synergy AI Agents” — assisting both internal and external users with a reliable and instantly accessible data architecture to analyze information faster and make smarter decisions. In other words, it works with people, not around them! For the Office of the CFO, Esker’s Agentic AI Suite represents a highly effective tool for connecting Finance and the entire organization by enabling autonomous data orchestration, real-time analytics integration, and seamless alignment of financial and operational workflows. This makes Esker one of the few platforms that can meet CFOs at any stage and grow with them over time! Ask us anything If you have a question for us, please don't hesitate to ask. Get in touch About Esker What we do Positive-Sum Growth ESG Financials Customer success stories Resources Solutions Source-to-Pay Order-to-Cash E-Invoicing EDI Services Electronic Fax Services Mailing Services Products Esker on Demand VSI-Fax Host Access Digital Documents (BPO) Contact Esker Sales Support Customer login News Press releases In the news Blog © 2025 Esker. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Data Privacy Register Your Product TermSync Login Top