Eskimo North | Your Home on the Internet +1 206 812-0051 Eskimo North Your Home on the Internet +1 206 812-0051 Search Main menu Skip to primary content Home Web Apps Federated Applications Friendica Social Hubzilla Social Mastodon Social NextCloud Pixelfed Yacy Federated Search Host Desktop or Terminal Mail RainLoop RoundCube SquirrelMail Ruptime Rwho Traceroute Your IP Services Federated Services Linux Visual Shell E-Mail Business Hosting Packages Personal Hosting Packages UUCP E-mail Virtual Private Servers Virtual Domains Support Dial Setup DSL Setup E-mail Mail Settings Smartlist Mail Lists FAQ Remote Desktop Tickets Website Support HTTPS and HTTP2 Links Customer Websites Directory of Censored Information Freedom Platform Freenet Friendica Gab Hubzilla Social Ice Fishing Jab Free Jobs Larouche PAC Learn OpenGL Linux Graphics Programming Liberty Council Linux .org Minds MorgueFile Nanook’s Home NC Renegades NiceGUI No Vax Mandate Open Clip Art Open Source Open The Books Pocketnet Qanon Radio Garden Red Balloon – Connect with Vax Free Employers Shoreline Weather Stardrive.org Jack Sarfatti Post Modern Physics Tech Rights The Highwire News Truth for Health W3 Nu Validator W3 Schools Information About Our Hosting Contact History Link To Us News Payments Privacy Policy Reviews User Meetings Games Defender Games Eskimo Arcade Y B Bored Shell Trial Issues Home Eskimo North Fast Hosting Linux Friendly Virtual Private Servers, Shell Accounts, and Hosting . Tired of dealing with Godaddy, Hostgater, BlueHost? Contact Us! Our Servers have full support for https and http/2. Knowledgeable human assistance via phone, e-mail , or tickets . Call Us Now at (206) 812-0051 or (800) 246-6874. Web Apps Web based applications. These are programs that actually run and display in your browser, such as Web Mail , phpMyAdmin , a Java SSH Shell , forums , StatusNet , Traceroute , and Your IP . Services Information about the services we offer; Linux shell accounts with rdp, vnc, x2go, and guacamole access, fast Web Hosting , Virtual Private Servers , Social Media , E-mail, and other services. Support Setup e-mail and Usenet news clients , customize spam filters, including white listing, black listing . Setup X2Go , OpenNX , NX player , and other remote desktops and configure DSL and 56k dial-up accounts . Help with websites , frequently asked questions , and trouble tickets . Links Links to Customer pages as well as many useful resources on the web, including Linux resources , useful information about building websites , and local resources relating to Shoreline and the surrounding Puget Sound area resources . Information The Information section contains information about our history , contact information , eskimo news , information and graphics for linking to us (we always appreciate that), payment information and also various customer review sites where you can find independent reviews of our service. Games There are three games sections, Eskimo Arcade , games contained within our main website, presently is mostly broken as the result of a switch to https, I’m working on that, and two external sites Y B Bored (ybbored.com) , and Defender Games (defender-games.net) . Web Apps Web based applications. These are programs that actually run and display in your browser, such as Web Mail , phpMyAdmin , a Java SSH Shell , forums , StatusNet , Traceroute , and Your IP . Services Information about the services we offer; Shell accounts with remote desktop capability and sound , Web hosting , Web Design , PC work , DSL , ISDN , and Dial access and other services. Support Setup e-mail and Usenet news clients , customize spam filters, including white listing, black listing, setting the sensitivity threshold and other tweaks . Setup X2Go , OpenNX , NX player , and other remote desktops and configure DSL and 56k dial-up accounts . Help with websites , frequently asked questions , and trouble tickets . Links Links to Customer pages as well as many useful resources on the web, including Linux resources , useful information about building websites , and local resources relating to Shoreline and the surrounding Puget Sound area resources . Information The Information section contains information about our history , contact information , eskimo news , information and graphics for linking to us (we always appreciate that), payment information and also various customer review sites where you can find independent reviews of our service. Games There are three games sections, Eskimo Arcade , games contained within our main website, presently is mostly broken as the result of a switch to https, I’m working on that, and two external sites Y B Bored (ybbored.com) , and Defender Games (defender-games.net) . Check it out, explore, let me know of anything you think would make it better . Try it out on your Smart Phone , it’s all responsive and mobile friendly . Some of the webmail options work on some SmartPhones. If the default webmail doesn’t work well for you, try the RoundCube or RainLoop alternatives.  If neither of those work well, there is a ownCloud mail client that works very well on mobile devices. Eskimo North, P.O. Box 55816, Shoreline, WA 98155 Tel: 206-812-0051 Join the Blue Ribbon Online Free Speech Campaign! Recent Posts System Outage Posted on November 22, 2025 by nanook The upgrade to 6.17.8 failed because there is a bug causing the machines to reboot as soon as they try to go into graphical mode.  I am working on backing out the upgrade but this may take a while as it is difficult to get a machine to run long enough to back it out. Posted in Uncategorized RoundCube Comments Off on RoundCube Another Test Comments Off on Another Test Federation And Images Comments Off on Federation And Images Pixelfed.Eskimo.Com Properly Federating Comments Off on Pixelfed.Eskimo.Com Properly Federating Eskimo North Changes Comments Off on Eskimo North Changes Mail System Maintenance Comments Off on Mail System Maintenance Web Server Database Comments Off on Web Server Database Mail Comments Off on Mail Mail Comments Off on Mail Privacy Policy Proudly powered by WordPress