ESPN United Kingdom - Serving Sports Fans. Anytime. Anywhere. Skip to main content Skip to navigation Odds by < > Menu ESPN scores You have reached ESPN's UK edition. Stay on current site or go to US version . Football NFL NBA F1 Rugby MMA Cricket MLB More Sports Darts World Baseball Classic Boxing NHL WWE espnW Tennis Golf NCAAM NCAAF NCAAW Cycling Athletics Olympic Sports Analytics Editions Fantasy Disney+ Subscribe UWCL Favorites Manage Favourites Customise ESPN Create Account Log In Topics Premier League UEFA Champions League NBA NFL Boxing F1 Darts Quick Links Fantasy Home Sign up: Fantasy Basketball ESPN Radio: Listen Live College Football Playoff CFB Bowl Games Men's Hoops Schedule Women's Hoops Schedule Where To Watch NFL Schedule NFL Playoff Machine Today's Top Odds Fantasy Football Baseball Hockey Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Podcast The Football Reporters Switch Hit Unlapped Follow ESPN UK TikTok Instagram Youtube Twitter/X Facebook Snapchat ESPN Apps ESPN App ESPN Fantasy ESPN Sites ESPNcricinfo Andscape espnW Editions Select Edition Africa Argentina Australia Brazil Chile Colombia Deportes Global India Mexico Philippines U.S. Venezuela Keep, Dump or Extend? 7 questions Liverpool must answer in the January transfer window The January transfer window opens soon, and top clubs like Liverpool have big and expensive decisions to make. 4h Mark Ogden and Gabriele Marcotti Carl Recine/Getty Images Keep, Dump or Extend: What transfers should Man United make in January? TOP HEADLINES Guardiola on Semenyo reports: 'I have no news' Slot backs Liverpool signings: 'It takes time' Martínez fumes at Utd's dropped points vs. Wolves Napoli 'formality' to keep Man United's Højlund Amorim remains confident despite Wolves draw Gyökeres 'should not be starting,' - Carragher Bellingham eyes Madrid trophies after 'poor 2025' Redick, Doncic say refs allowed Pistons fouling Littler's mum blasts booing fans as 't----' Pats' Diggs faces strangulation, assault charges 📈 Ranking the top women's players in the world FOOTBALL Darke's Premier League flops so far: Isak, Sesko, Gittens lead the way We've covered the team of the season so far, but how about the flip side? Ian Darke picks out those struggling stars -- like Alexander Isak, who had struggled for form and fitness even before his injury. 4h Ian Darke Izzy Poles - AMA/Getty Images 7 of the latest innovations that could alter the future of football Agents picking clubs for their clients like a video game? Eye tests for strikers? Clubs monitoring everything about a player? Here's what the future could hold. 4h Sam Tighe Andrew Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images PREMIER LEAGUE FIXTURES After emphatic win over title rivals, Arsenal can dare to dream once more Concern had been building at the Emirates, but Arsenal's triumph over Aston Villa sends them surging into the New Year. 13h James Olley Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images Wolves draw sums up Man Utd's year: Hope followed by howlers Any momentum generated by Man United's Boxing Day win over Newcastle was brought to a shuddering halt on Tuesday -- this time by the worst side in the division. 13h Rob Dawson Arsenal run riot in 4-1 win over Aston Villa in top-of-the-table clash 15h ESPN Winless Wolves hold Man United to a surprise draw 16h PA Three-goal Newcastle battle past Burnley 16h PA Maresca under fire again after Chelsea draw 13d PA Garner and Barry strike as Everton edge past Forest 16h PA Arsenal thrash Aston Villa to extend lead at top of table - as it happened THE YEAR IN SPORT: 2025 'Sometimes they kill off the main character': The sporting quotes that defined 2025 In 2025, the stories of sport were shaped as much by what was said as what was done -- here are some of the best quotes of the year. 6h PA Ben McShane/Sportsfile via Getty Images Erling Haaland, Rory McIlroy, Lando Norris and the stats that shaped sport in 2025 Records were broken and landmarks achieved in another memorable year of sporting action -- here are the major statistical achievements of 2025. 6h PA Image Photo Agency/Getty Images PREMIER LEAGUE Revealed: Premier League player with most touches, crosses, blocks... and most shots hitting woodwork ESPN takes a look at some of the (overlooked) stats of the Premier League season so far. 2h Aiman Khalid Getty WORLD DARTS CHAMPIONSHIP World Darts Championship: Gary Anderson knocks out Michael van Gerwen, Luke Humphries advances Gary Anderson has knocked Michael van Gerwen out of the World Darts Championship after a convincing 4-1 win. 17h ESPN Photo by James Fearn/Getty Images. Anderson not thinking about third world title after win vs. Van Gerwen 15h 1:10 World Darts Championship nine-darter: The magic behind the perfect leg 23h Tom Chambers Hood closes in on Chinese restaurant dream 20h Tom Chambers The best walk-on songs ranked, with Luke Littler at No. 9 4d Tom Chambers Bunting reveals his son received online abuse in wake of World Championship exit 2d PA Luke Littler admits he lost his head after Rob Cross win 2d 0:36 The Luke Littler effect: How 'The Nuke' changed darts like Tiger Woods changed golf 2d Tom Chambers World Darts Championship prize money: All-time stats How players got nicknames and walk-on songs World Darts Championship: Anderson overcomes Van Gerwen, Humphries follows Littler into quarterfinals - as it happened World Darts Championship 2026: Results, schedule, how to watch, more NBA NBA Power Rankings: Where all 30 teams stack up heading into the new year Our NBA insiders lay out where all 30 teams stack up in the last power rankings of 2025. 2h NBA insiders ESPN What NBA moment will define 2025? Looking back at the most memorable events since 1954 On the heels of the new year, ESPN analyst Zach Kram picks a moment from each basketball season that NBA fans will most likely learn about and remember for years to come. 2h Zach Kram Photo by Austin McAfee/Icon Sportswire NEW YEAR'S EVE NBA JANUARY TRANSFER WINDOW From Liverpool to Chelsea, ranking 8 Premier League clubs' transfer needs The January transfer window is about to open, so let's look at which Premier League teams need to make moves to improve for the rest of the season. 1d Ryan O'Hanlon (Photo by Adam Davy/PA Images via Getty Images) Premier League summer transfer overperformers: Madueke, Xhaka lead the way Some of last summer's transfers have been vital for their clubs. With the January window opening, here are the 10 players who have most impressed. 1d Mark Ogden Julian Finney/Getty Images Manchester City in advanced talks for Bournemouth's Antoine Semenyo - sources Amorim: Wilcox will be consulted on all Man United transfers Transfer window preview Top Videos 1:05 Nicol backs Arsenal to win the Premier League after beating Aston Villa 1:05 English Premier League Hislop: Man United 'lack character' after Wolves draw 1:49 English Premier League Leboeuf: Enzo Maresca to blame for Chelsea draw vs. Bournemouth 1:32 English Premier League Top Headlines Guardiola on Semenyo reports: 'I have no news' Slot backs Liverpool signings: 'It takes time' Martínez fumes at Utd's dropped points vs. Wolves Napoli 'formality' to keep Man United's Højlund Amorim remains confident despite Wolves draw Gyökeres 'should not be starting,' - Carragher Bellingham eyes Madrid trophies after 'poor 2025' Redick, Doncic say refs allowed Pistons fouling Littler's mum blasts booing fans as 't----' Pats' Diggs faces strangulation, assault charges 📈 Ranking the top women's players in the world Photo by Richard Juilliart - UEFA/UEFA via Getty Images UEFA Women's Champions League: All you need to know Starting from this season, the UEFA Women's Champions League has a new home on Disney+. Here's everything you need to know about the competition, format and how to watch Getty England 2026 World Cup draw: When, where are the games? Get ready for the 2026 World Cup. ESPN breaks down England's schedules, games, how to watch & how to get tickets. BEN STANSALL/AFP via Getty Images World Darts Championship 2026 Results, schedule, how to watch, prize money and more AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez NFL Playoff Machine Will your team make the playoffs? Simulate the rest of the regular season! Clive Rose/Getty Images F1 car launches: Looking ahead to 2026 2026 dates, schedule ahead of preseason testing, new regulations and more! Pedro Salado/Getty Images Disney+ to show primetime LaLiga games in UK and Ireland Disney+ will be the home of LaLiga's primetime weekend matches after securing a three-year deal to exclusively show the division's Saturday night kick-off. Alex Burstow/Arsenal FC via Getty Images Disney+ becomes new home of Women's Champions League in Europe Disney+ will be the home of the UEFA Women's Champions League in Europe from next season after securing rights to the competition for the next five years. Photo by Carl Recine/Getty Images Premier League fixtures schedule 2025-26 Check out the full fixture list for the 2025-26 Premier League season. Apinya Rittipo/Getty Images League tables Updated tables from the Premier League, Champions League, LaLiga, English Football League and more. Pedro Castillo/Real Madrid via Getty Images Upcoming fixtures Keep track of all the important upcoming fixtures for all the clubs and countries in world football here. Harry Langer/picture alliance via Getty Images Latest scores Results and scores from the Premier League, Champions League, LaLiga, English Football League and more. Boxing fight schedule ESPN Boxing Schedule Want to know what fights are on the horizon? Check out the boxing schedule for 2024. Trending Now Illustration by Masa 2025 NFL playoff picture: Updated odds, seeds, draft order We are following the 2025 NFL season's playoff picture. Here's how things look right now for wild-card spots, division races and even the draft order. Cody Glenn/Icon Sportswire Grading 2025 college football head coaching hires As the coaching carousel continues to spin, we grade every major hire. ESPN Illustration Why former NFL star Laveranues Coles decided to become an officer At age 47, Coles is making an impact in the same community in Jacksonville that he grew up in. Gary Dineen/Getty Images NBA buzz: Latest updates, trades, intel ahead of Feb. 5 deadline Catch up on the latest buzz, trade alerts and league intel from our ESPN NBA insiders. Michael Owens/Getty Images 2026 MLB predictions: One stat to make or break every NL team Here are the numbers that could define your favorite National League squad in the new year. Favourites Fantasy Manage Favourites Fantasy Home Customise ESPN Create Account Log In Sign up to play the #1 Fantasy game! Create A League Join Public League Reactivate A League Mock Draft Now Sign up for FREE! Create A League Join a Public League Reactivate a League Practice With a Mock Draft 📍Watch on ESPN Subscribe Now #10 Miami vs. #2 Ohio State (CFP Quarterfinal) NCAA Football (Bowl Games) NCAA Men's Basketball NCAA Women's Basketball NHL Power Play Inside the College Football Playoff SportsCenter For You Quick Links CFP Bracket College Football Playoff CFP Bracket Challenge NFL Schedule Men's Hoops Schedule Women's Hoops Schedule CFB Bowl Games NFL Playoff Machine Where To Watch Today's Top Odds ESPN Radio: Listen Live Fantasy Football Baseball Hockey Men's Basketball Women's Basketball ESPN Sites ESPN Deportes Andscape espnW ESPNFC X Games SEC Network ESPN Apps ESPN ESPN Fantasy Tournament Challenge Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads © ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.