Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Odds by
<
>
ESPN
Football
NFL
NBA
F1
Rugby
MMA
Cricket
More Sports
Fantasy
Subscribe
UWCL
Customise ESPN
Create Account
Log In
Topics
Premier League
UEFA Champions League
NBA
NFL
Boxing
F1
Darts
Quick Links
Fantasy Home
Sign up: Fantasy Basketball
ESPN Radio: Listen Live
College Football Playoff
CFB Bowl Games
Men's Hoops Schedule
Women's Hoops Schedule
Where To Watch
NBA Cup Bracket
NFL Schedule
NFL Playoff Machine
Today's Top Odds
Fantasy
Football
Baseball
Hockey
Men's Basketball
Women's Basketball
Podcast
The Football Reporters
Switch Hit
Unlapped
Follow ESPN UK
TikTok
Instagram
Youtube
Twitter/X
Facebook
Snapchat
ESPN Apps
ESPN App
ESPN Fantasy
ESPN Sites
ESPNcricinfo
Andscape
espnW
Editions
Select Edition
New Year Honours 2026: Lionesses coach Sarina Wiegman honoured with damehood

Sarina Weigman has been awarded an honorary damehood in the King's New Year Honours List after leading England to a second successive European Championship crown last summer.

9hTom Chambers
Maja Hitij - UEFA/UEFA via Getty Images
New Year Honours List 2026: Every sportsperson named - and why

A look at all the sportspeople to be honoured in the New Year.

9hESPN
England women headline sports stars to receive New Year Honours

Take a look at the sports stars set for New Year Honours, including six members of England's Euro 2025 winning squad.

9h
1:07
New Year Honours 2026: Ex-Tottenham Hotspur boss Daniel Levy given CBE
JANUARY TRANSFER WINDOW
Manchester City in advanced talks for Bournemouth's Antoine Semenyo - sources
18hRob Dawson
(Photo by Robin Jones - AFC Bournemouth/AFC Bournemouth via Getty Images)
January deals to be agreed with Wilcox, says Amorim

Ruben Amorim has said Manchester United won't make a January signing unless there is "common ground" with director of football Jason Wilcox about which players can improve the squad.

18hRob Dawson
Transfer window preview: What do Europe's big clubs need?
Transfer rumors, news: Real Madrid rebuff Napoli's Mastantuono move
WORLD DARTS CHAMPIONSHIP
World Darts Championship nine-darter: The magic behind the perfect leg
15hTom Chambers
ESPN
Luke Littler admits he lost his head after Rob Cross win
8h
0:36
Previous
Luke Littler hopeful the nine-darter will come in soon
2d
1:14
Van Gerwen scoffs at Merk 'contest', Humphries battles past Clemens
1dPA
Luke Humphries: It was important I was 3-0 up vs. Gabriel Clemens
1d
1:31
Gary Anderson edges Jermaine Wattimena, Rob Cross sets up Luke Littler clash
2dTom Chambers
The best walk-on songs ranked, with Luke Littler at No. 9
3dTom Chambers
Luke Littler credits childhood operation which 'sorted' his eyesight
3dPA
Rob Cross reveals mental health struggles after feeling 'too guilty' to share
9dPA
David Munyua wants to transform African darts after WDC run
8dTom Chambers
The Luke Littler effect: How 'The Nuke' changed darts like Tiger Woods changed golf
23hTom Chambers
Stephen Bunting wipes away tears in press conference after online backlash
9d
1:38
Nine-darter or big fish? Littler, MVG & Humphries play You Have To Answer
19d
2:01
Next
World Darts Championship prize money: All-time stats
How players got nicknames and walk-on songs
World Darts Championship 2026: Results, schedule, how to watch, more
2025-26 English Premier League
Aston Villa's 11th straight win might be the most impressive. Plus: Inter must sharpen up
20hGabriele Marcotti
Neville Williams/Aston Villa FC via Getty Images
Do Arsenal have 'more pressure' to win than Aston Villa?
9h
1:16
Declan Rice has put Arsenal back in charge of Premier League title race insists Martin Ødegaard
For a team topping the Premier League table, Arsenal haven't looked convincing enough
FOOTBALL
KEEP OR DUMP
Keep, Dump or Extend: What transfers should Man United make in January?
16hGabriele Marcotti and Mark Ogden
Ash Donelon/Manchester United via Getty Images
Amorim jokes about injured Fernandes: 'I don't know if he wants my job'
16h
2:06
AROUND THE ASSOCIATION
Our NBA cheat sheet for 2026: Big questions, awards picks and All-NBA rosters
20hNBA insiders
Illustration by ESPN
'My legacy is on the line': What Giannis' return means for the Bucks -- and the NBA

Giannis is back, but will it be enough to save the Bucks' season and his future in Milwaukee?

20hJamal Collier
Falcons, Bijan Robinson run over Rams in Week 17 MNF win
3hSarah Barshop and Marc Raimondi
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
Falcons survive Rams' comeback to earn big win
3h
1:47
Rams QB Stafford into 6th in NFL passing yards
FOOTBALL
HOMEGROWN TALENT
Brits abroad: Why the trickle of homegrown talents leaving for Europe is becoming a flood
17hTom Hamilton
Alexandre Simoes/Borussia Dortmund/Getty Images
What are the longest Premier League goal streaks? Dominic Calvert-Lewin aims to match Erling Haaland, Mohamed Salah
Who should everyone else worry about? Aston Villa, the Premier League's hottest team
The 50 best women's football players in the world for 2025, ranked!
6dESPN
Top Videos
Luke Littler admits he lost his head after Rob Cross win
0:36
Do Arsenal have 'more pressure' to win than Aston Villa?
1:16English Premier League
Marcotti: Højlund has a better coach at Napoli compared to Man United
0:42Italian Serie A
Top Headlines
Ex-boxing champ Joshua hurt in crash, two killed
'You pay for my prize money': Littler booed after beating Cross
Forest lodge PGMOL complaint after City win - sources
UFC champ Aspinall to have multiple eye surgeries
Amorim: Bruno Fernandes might want my job
Man United sign Bayern striker Lea Schüller
Wrexham into top half of Championship after win
Gannon expects to keep job as Cardinals' coach
📈 Ranking the top women's players in the world
UEFA Women's Champions League: All you need to know

Starting from this season, the UEFA Women's Champions League has a new home on Disney+. Here's everything you need to know about the competition, format and how to watch

England 2026 World Cup draw: When, where are the games?

Get ready for the 2026 World Cup. ESPN breaks down England's schedules, games, how to watch & how to get tickets.

World Darts Championship 2026

Results, schedule, how to watch, prize money and more

NFL Playoff Machine

Will your team make the playoffs? Simulate the rest of the regular season!

F1 car launches: Looking ahead to 2026

2026 dates, schedule ahead of preseason testing, new regulations and more!

Disney+ to show primetime LaLiga games in UK and Ireland

Disney+ will be the home of LaLiga's primetime weekend matches after securing a three-year deal to exclusively show the division's Saturday night kick-off.

Disney+ becomes new home of Women's Champions League in Europe

Disney+ will be the home of the UEFA Women's Champions League in Europe from next season after securing rights to the competition for the next five years.

Premier League fixtures schedule 2025-26

Check out the full fixture list for the 2025-26 Premier League season.

League tables

Updated tables from the Premier League, Champions League, LaLiga, English Football League and more.

Upcoming fixtures

Keep track of all the important upcoming fixtures for all the clubs and countries in world football here.

Latest scores

Results and scores from the Premier League, Champions League, LaLiga, English Football League and more.

Boxing fight schedule
Boxing Schedule

Want to know what fights are on the horizon? Check out the boxing schedule for 2024.

Trending Now
2025 NFL playoff picture: Updated odds, seeds, draft order

We are following the 2025 NFL season's playoff picture. Here's how things look right now for wild-card spots, division races and even the draft order.

Grading 2025 college football head coaching hires

As the coaching carousel continues to spin, we grade every major hire.

Why former NFL star Laveranues Coles decided to become an officer

At age 47, Coles is making an impact in the same community in Jacksonville that he grew up in.

NBA buzz: Latest updates, trades, intel ahead of Feb. 5 deadline

Catch up on the latest buzz, trade alerts and league intel from our ESPN NBA insiders.

2026 MLB predictions: One stat to make or break every NL team

Here are the numbers that could define your favorite National League squad in the new year.

Sign up to play the #1 Fantasy game!
Create A League
Join Public League
Reactivate A League
Mock Draft Now
Sign up for FREE!
Create A League
Join a Public League
Reactivate a League
Practice With a Mock Draft
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
📍Watch on ESPN
Subscribe Now
NCAA Men's Basketball
NCAA Women's Basketball
NCAA Football (Bowl Games)
NHL Power Play
NFL PrimeTime
Peyton's Places: New Episode
SportsCenter For You
Quick Links
CFP Bracket
College Football Playoff
NBA Cup Bracket
CFP Bracket Challenge
NFL Schedule
Men's Hoops Schedule
Women's Hoops Schedule
CFB Bowl Games
NFL Playoff Machine
Where To Watch
Today's Top Odds
ESPN Radio: Listen Live
Fantasy
Football
Baseball
Hockey
Men's Basketball
Women's Basketball
ESPN Sites
ESPN Deportes
Andscape
espnW
ESPNFC
X Games
SEC Network
ESPN Apps
ESPN
ESPN Fantasy
Tournament Challenge
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyInterest-Based Ads
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.