Home | Essential Mod Features Versions Changelog Wiki Home Features Versions Wiki Changelog Support Discord Reddit GitHub Twitter TikTok Instagram YouTube Made by Spark Universe Download The best way to play minecraft. Enhanced Minecraft features in one simple mod. Fast, friendly, and for everyone! 87,700 playing right now Download Installer for Windows and macOS MC 1.8, 1.12, 1.16 - 1.21 See all 87,700 playing right now Hosting Free World Hosting. Host your Minecraft world, invite your friends, and play together, in just a few clicks! The Aether YUNG's Mods Naturalist Insane Craft Works with other mods and modpacks. Wardrobe Infinite Character Customisation. Show off in style with Essential’s unique cosmetics and emotes. Share! Emotes :o Meow! Wings. Free! Social Connect with Friends. Share the fun! Stay connected with your friends, all inside of Minecraft. Messenger Groups Invites Share And More! Fast. Friendly. For everyone. Save time and effort using Essential’s powerful capabilities. Screenshots made easy! Capture, browse, edit, and share your pictures from in-game. Instantly switch skins! Manage your skin quickly and on the go, via Essential’s skin library. What players say about Essential. Discover why millions love Essential. Gotta be my favourite thing ever created. Makes playing with friends such a breeze! @Zalah1980 on Twitter This mod goes on almost every modpack I play, my mates and I love it. @Nigel_Fazbear on Twitter For years me and my friends have been trying to play modded together and we used to pay for laggy servers. This is game changing. @xCarProfile on Twitter ”ESSENTIAL + Sodium + Iris Shaders” is the best combo for perfect vanilla experience tbh. @Azapruu on Twitter Im loving the new screenshots menu! No more opening up my screenshots folder and manually copy and pasting uncropped images. @KadenzJade on Twitter This mod has saved Minecraft Java Multiplayer. Goodbye Aternos, goodbye Hamachi, and goodbye other s**t. @XerneasDorado7 on Twitter Been using this for a few months and it’s actually a life saver! @SirSpoops on Twitter Essential my beloved. Not only do I never have to host a server again but the voice chat mod works without me needing to do anything. @Lumos1ty on Twitter FAQ Can I use Essential with other mods and modpacks? Yes, Essential is widely compatible with other mods, and makes a great addition to your favorite modpack. You can easily host modded worlds for you and your friends, for free, just make sure they have the same mods installed. What Minecraft versions does Essential support? Essential mod supports the latest and most popular versions of Minecraft Java Edition (1.8, 1.12, 1.16 to 1.21) on Fabric, Forge and NeoForge modloaders. See all versions How does Essential’s world hosting work? Essential uses industry leading peer-to-peer technology and the power of your PC’s hardware to empower you to host Minecraft worlds and invite your friends with ease and for free. View wiki See more questions Install Essential >>> Download Installer for Windows and macOS Product Download Wiki Support Status Changelog Licenses Community Discord Reddit GitHub Twitter TikTok Instagram YouTube Company Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Company Info Made by Spark Universe ModCore Inc. 1401 Pennsylvania Avenue Suite 105 #4013 Wilmington, DE 19806 United States Your browser is outdated! We have disabled some animations so that you can still use the site. Please consider updating your browser. Learn more Essential is using cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn more about our use of cookies Storage Settings Essential is using cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Required Storage Functional Storage Analysis Storage Marketing Storage