ESV.org Read the Bible Online Read Now Sign In Download For Free The ESV Bible App A perfect portable Scripture reading tool, the ESV mobile app offers
            numerous study and audio features making it the best possible Bible
            reading experience for your phone or tablet. Now available to
            download and use for free. Gain Biblical Insight With Robust Bible Study Tools A Growing Library A subscription provides access to multiple study Bibles and
              commentaries, including the ESV Expository Commentary series, the
              Preaching the Word Commentary series, and more, offering numerous
              resources for varying study needs. Learn more about study tools › Language Tools Gain a deeper understanding of God's Word by studying Scripture in
              its original language with robust Greek and Hebrew language tools.
              Available exclusively online, these contextual and lexical details
              provide necessary information for in-depth word studies. Meditate on God's Word With Immersive Audio Features Kristyn Getty Ray Ortlund Michael Reeves Jackie Hill Perry Engaging Narrators Listen to the entire ESV Bible read by acclaimed Christian artists,
              pastors, and Bible teachers including Kristyn Getty, Ray Ortlund,
              Jackie Hill Perry, Michael Reeves, and more. New voices coming soon! Customizable Background Music A diverse selection of musical styles, genres, and instrumental
              tracks from well-known Christian artists like Josh Garrels, Antoine
              Bradford, and many more, will help you meditate on God's Word as
              you read or listen to Scripture. Individual volume controls allow
              you to adjust the music and Bible audio separately. Thoughtful Playlists Feeling stressed, tired, or hungry for God's Word? Interested in
              diving into a particular biblical theme, doctrine, or topic related
              to the Christian life? Dozens of playlists offer a collection of
              thematic verses to guide you through a particular mood, topic, or
              season. Learn more about the ESV audio experience › Engage With Scripture Through Reading Plans & Text Tools Curated Reading Plans Develop a habit of spending time in God's Word with these
              carefully crafted Bible reading plans. With varying lengths,
              topics, and styles, multiple reading plan options make it easy to
              choose one that fits your lifestyle and reading goals. Learn more › Convenient Note-taking Tools Easily take personal notes alongside Scripture, highlight and
              bookmark key verses, and save favorite passages with the
              user-friendly ESV note-taking tools. Get Started Read Now Freely access the ESV Bible text and explore all of the robust
            features available for deepening your engagement with God's word. Read Now Create a Free Account A free account allows you to take notes, enjoy reading plans, sync
            your readings across devices, and more. Create Account Become a Subscriber Enjoy access to multiple commentaries, study Bibles, Bible narrators,
            playlists, and background music. Subscribe © 2001 – 2025 Crossway About Developer Resources Help Live Chat