Building tomorrow, today | Etex About us About us Overview Our company Who we are Purpose and Strategy Meet the team History Discover more Innovations Global locations Annual Report 2024 Despite a challenging environment, we took decisive steps to position ourselves for future growth. Latest news Etex strengthens Latin American presence with EUR 65 million investments in plasterboard production. Our solutions Our solutions Overview Our brands Discover all brands Our Solutions Interiors Exteriors Industrial solutions Insulation Offsite construction Passive fire protection Our global brands Etex is a leader in lightweight solutions in your country Sustainability Sustainability Overview Sustainability Our approach Social engagement 2024 Annual Report Our commitments Health, Safety and Well-being Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Customer engagement Circularity Water and Biodiversity Decarbonisation Our latest achievements We work towards this vision by caring about our social and environmental impacts Join our team Join our team Overview Working at Etex Culture and Values Working at Etex Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Discover our Teammate stories Life at other Etex locations View all open jobs Open positions in Health, Safety, Sustainability & Environment Human Resources & Organisation Information Technology Manufacturing Research and Development Sales and Customer service Future Talent Life at Etex globally Discover the workplaces, the (future) colleagues and news of Etex globally. 2024 Annual Report Investors Suppliers News English Version Selector Active language: English Global English Asia Pacific Australia Hong Kong India Indonesia Malaysia United Arab Emirates Singapore 中文 日本語 Europe België Belgique Czech Republic Denmark Deutschland España France Ireland Italia Lietuva Luxembourg Magyarország Nederland Norway Österreich Polska România Slovenia Sweden United Kingdom Africa Nigeria South Africa North America USA South America Argentina Chile Colombia Ecuador Perú Page unavailable This page is not available in the selected language Cancel Go to homepage Building tomorrow, today Meet Etex - a global innovator in lightweight construction solutions that help create sustainable, beautiful, smart and safe living spaces. Discover more about Etex Inspiring ways of living We want to inspire people around the world to build living spaces that are ever more safe, sustainable, smart and beautiful. Safe Etex is a leader in innovation for safer building materials that protect buildings, infrastructure, home appliances and even vehicles from damage. Sustainable Etex lightweight solutions are efficient to install without using water, easy to maintain and insulative, which reduces waste and optimises resource use. Smart Etex lightweight solutions bring affordable and resource-using benefits in the entire supply chain via innovation in digital automation and modular systems. Beautiful Our lightweight interior building boards and exterior cladding inspire architects, installers and end-users with flexibility, comfort and beauty. @O’Sea - Immobel Our brands advance how we build We empower progress in construction. We innovate with our leading commercial brands, for a better tomorrow. Discover all brands Etex 2024 Annual Report Etex 2024 Annual Report Building tomorrow, today. Discover our third combined annual report (in English). It marks another step towards an integrated report, equally emphasising our economic, social, and environmental footprint and performance. It outlines our value chain and illustrates how our strategic drivers enable us to make a positive impact. This year, the non-financial reporting aims at aligning with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), in preparation for the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). Discover our 2024 Annual Report Discover Etex Discover Etex This short video shows you what Etex is about: inspiring teammates tackling our world’s biggest challenges by building ever better living spaces with lightweight solutions. Find out more Key figures ~ 13,500 Teammates 45 Operating countries EUR 3,777 million Total revenue > 160 Sites across the world Our people, our strength At Etex, you can learn, grow and lead. You have the opportunity to become the best you can be, as we will encourage you to develop your own skills and career path. Join our team Guiding our future with purposeful strategy We work as one, fostering a collaborative and caring culture, a pioneering spirit and a passion to always do better for our customers. Read more Ever more effective lightweight solutions Building on our experience and global market needs, we strive to improve our customers' quality of living with ever more effective lightweight solutions. Read more The push for innovation is in our DNA Innovation is at the core of our DNA. We encourage our teams to think outside the box, challenge the status quo, and push boundaries. Read more Sustainability Better solutions to a sustainable world Our plan is to help build a better, sustainable world. We work towards this vision by caring about our social and environmental impacts, and developing innovative solutions for the building and construction industry. Discover our approach Latest news What is new at Etex? Stay updated on our latest achievements and endeavours. Etex achieves solid half-year performance in line with expectations, driven by stable sales volumes while keeping healthy margins 9/1/2025 Etex’s financial performance at half-year shows significant resilience in a construction environment still largely depressed and marked by unpredictability. Compared to the first half of 2024, the company posted stable sales volumes, sustained healthy margins and improving operational performance. The results are consistent with Etex’s expectations for the period. Etex strengthens Latin American presence with EUR 65 million investments in plasterboard production 7/15/2025 Etex, a global leader in lightweight construction solutions, is reinforcing its long-standing commitment to Latin America through strategic investments in Peru, Chile and Argentina totalling EUR 65 million. These initiatives will expand plasterboard production capacity, improve sustainability, and support market growth across the region. Etex 2024 Annual Report “Building tomorrow, today” 4/10/2025 In 2024, Etex - the global building material manufacturer and pioneer in lightweight construction - took significant steps to position itself for future growth. This is particularly notable across several key dimensions: sustainability, financial performance, customer focus, manufacturing, safety and teammate engagement. These results are highlighted in the company’s latest combined annual report, presenting together its economic, social and environmental footprint, as well as performance. Etex announces the launch of its first 100% recycled plasterboard 4/4/2025 A true pioneer in the development of lightweight, sustainable products, Etex, through its
flagship brand Siniat, has designed a standard plasterboard made from 100% recycled
gypsum recovered after use, using almost exclusively circular materials for its other
constituents, with the same performance as a conventional plasterboard. Etex opens 200 million euros plasterboard manufacturing facility in Bristol, UK 3/17/2025 Etex, a global lightweight construction materials manufacturer, has officially opened its 200 million euros expansion of its plasterboard production facility in Bristol, United Kingdom. It is Etex’s largest production investment ever and a commitment to UK manufacturing as the industry grows. Despite construction market challenges, Etex maintains strong 2024 performance while shaping the company for future growth 3/12/2025 Despite construction market challenges, Etex maintains strong 2024 performance while shaping the company for future growth. Etex delivers resilient performance and stable REBITDA margins, meeting expectations despite significant drops in the construction market 9/2/2024 For over a year now Etex and the construction sector have faced challenging market conditions characterised by a sustained decline in new build and renovation activities across most regions, resulting in a drop in volumes. Nevertheless, we delivered a resilient performance with stable REBITDA margins in the first half of 2024, in line with our anticipations and targets for the period. Etex resists to a challenging market context and delivers strong and improving 2023 results, preparing for further growth 3/7/2024 Even more so than 2022, 2023 was a challenging year marked by volatility, uncertainty, and severe drops in demand across the world as we observed the continued impacts of increased energy prices and interest rates. Combined with tougher financing possibilities by banks, all these circumstances meant that both renovation and new construction levels dropped globally. Devaluation of some foreign currencies and hyperinflation accounting also had significant effects on our results. Despite all these challenges, I am extremely proud to share that Etex navigated these difficult waters very well and delivered yet again another record year. This includes our highest ever revenue and REBITDA, among others. Etex completes the acquisition of BGC’s plasterboard and fibre cement businesses to expand its sustainable offering in Australia and New Zealand 3/1/2024 Etex, the Belgium-based global building materials manufacturer and pioneer in lightweight construction, has closed the acquisition of Australian construction materials company BGC’s plasterboard and fibre cement businesses. Through this deal, Etex expands its sustainable activities in the attractive Australian and New Zealand markets, with significant growth opportunities. Etex complements its architectural design capabilities with the acquisition of fibre cement innovator SCALAMID 12/21/2023 Etex, the global building material manufacturer and pioneer in lightweight construction, has taken a significant step to further enhance architectural design with the acquisition of SCALAMID, a manufacturer of fibre cement panels featuring cutting-edge digital printing and coating technology. This strategic move offers new possibilities for customers’ design and reinforces Etex's commitment to advancing innovation in the lightweight construction industry. Etex reinforces its position in Australia by acquiring BGC’s plasterboard and fibre cement businesses 10/12/2023 Etex, the Belgium-based global building materials manufacturer and pioneer in lightweight construction, has signed an agreement with the Australian construction materials company BGC to acquire its plasterboard and fibre cement businesses. With this deal, Etex expands its activities in the attractive Australian market, with significant growth opportunities. The acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, with finalisation expected in early 2024. Etex continues on growth path despite volatile environment  Etex 2023 Half-Year Results 9/4/2023 In the first half of 2023, Etex coped with an overall slowdown of the construction sector – both in new build and renovation – triggered by several elements leading to high volatility and uncertainty such as inflation that puts pressure on consumers’ buying power, higher interest rates and more restricted loan policies by banks. However, Etex managed to record improved sales compared to the first half of 2022 through swift adaptations to challenging market contexts and cost-to-price monitoring. While our volumes are slightly impacted, margins remain strong. Etex acquires UK company Superglass and strengthens its European footprint in the sustainable insulation market 6/22/2023 Etex, the global building materials manufacturer and pioneer in lightweight construction, closed the acquisition of UK insulation producer Superglass. With this deal, Etex extends its European footprint for sustainable insulation beyond its existing presence with glass mineral wool and extruded polystyrene manufacturer URSA. Etex completes the acquisition of speciality insulation expert Skamol and broadens its sustainable offering 5/9/2023 Today marks an important milestone for Etex, the lightweight construction pioneer. The company closed the acquisition of Skamol, a manufacturer of fire protection and specialty insulation materials. This new acquisition further consolidates Etex’s portfolio of sustainable solutions in a market that is strongly supported by the need for energy efficient insulation products and solutions. Skamol and Etex - through its passive fire protection and high-performance insulation business - are complimentary in terms of products and geographies, allowing the combined organisations to broaden their offering in high-temperature insulation for building and industrial applications. Annual and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meetings 24 May 2023 5/3/2023 The Annual and Extraordinary Shareholders’ meetings of Etex NV will be held on Wednesday 24 May 2023 at 15:00 CEST at the registered office of the Company, PassPort Building, Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal, Gebouw 1K, 1930 Zaventem or at such other place indicated at that place at that time. Etex’s sustainable answers to urgent challenges in 2022 4/6/2023 Etex Annual Report 2022 – First-ever combined report
Etex, the global building material manufacturer and pioneer in lightweight construction, released its first-ever combined annual report. In this report, the company presents on an equal footing its economic, social and environmental footprint and performance. The document highlights how Etex brought sustainable answers to the urgent challenges of 2022. Sustainability milestones include a decrease of almost 20% of absolute CO₂ emissions (scopes 1 and 2) and 26.5% less waste sent to landfill in the past five years. Refined strategy for the New Ways division 3/27/2023 Global megatrends such as resources scarcity, ageing cities or technological evolutions are creating large opportunities for innovative building materials companies like Etex. In 2020, the company launched the New Ways division, focused on offsite lightweight and modular building solutions, to contribute to these challenges. Etex allocated a revenue stream to explore various options, resulting in the acquisition or participation in joint ventures of 9 companies. Etex strengthens its sustainable offering by acquiring high temperature insulation expert Skamol 3/23/2023 Etex, the lightweight construction pioneer, is acquiring Skamol, a manufacturer of high temperature insulation materials. This acquisition further consolidates Etex’s portfolio of sustainable solutions in a market that is strongly supported by the need for energy efficient insulation products and solutions. Skamol and Etex - through its passive fire protection and high-performance insulation business - are complimentary in terms of products and geographies, allowing the combined organisations to broaden their offering in high-temperature insulation for building and industrial applications. This acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. Etex's sustainable lightweight solutions drive very strong 2022 financial performance 3/9/2023 For the fifth year in a row, Etex achieved new record performance across the board, including in revenue, REBITDA and net recurring profit while setting another major milestone with its Road to Sustainability 2030 commitments Etex joins the First Movers Coalition to contribute to cement decarbonisation 2/28/2023 Decarbonisation is one of the five priority areas defined by Etex in its Road to Sustainability 2030 commitments. The company decided to take part in the First Movers Coalition, a World Economic Forum initiative, to pave the way for the decarbonisation of industries. View all news Skip watermarking No results Oops... There are no results, try using a different query. Close Download limit exceeded You have reached the download limit. Please update your document selection and continue. Error A technical error occurred. Please try again later. Skip login and register About us Who we are Purpose and Strategy Meet the team History Innovations Global locations Our Solutions Discover all brands Our solutions Sustainability Our approach Our commitments Social commitments Join our team Working at Etex Culture and Values Life at other Etex locations All open positions Contact Etex Headquarters Passport Building Ask us a question Follow us on: All rights reserved @ Etex Group 2024 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Group Policy on Responsible Disclosure Terms and Conditions