Ethnologue | Languages of the world Skip to main content Skip to search Skip to On this Page Menu Home Search Ethnologue Search Pricing Login MAIN MENU Home Pricing Datasets Languages Countries Families Maps Statistics Insights Shop About Free Account On this page Top Insights Dashboard Articles Contributors Bottom is the go-to source for language research, analysis & decision-making Comprehensive 5 million data points for 7,159 languages in 242 countries Rigorous 2,500 expert data contributors with 1,000s of annual updates Authoritative 15,000 citations in Google Scholar + 100s of media citations Experienced 70+ years in linguistics, architect of EGIDS and DLS language scales Trusted 600,000 users p.a., including Universities, Governments and Big Tech Innovative Datavis, datasets and data science from our ‘Derivation’ team. Understand Every Language through our software, product, and datasets & consulting options. Explore Search Ethnologue Search Insights What are the top 200 most spoken languages? For over 15 years, we've published a list of the largest languages in the world – often cited by top-tier publications. The Ethnologue 200 are the top 200 most spoken languages, accounting for most of the world's population. What is the most spoken language? We factor in both native and non-native speakers to determine the largest language in the world. Also included is our current list of the world's four most spoken languages. How many languages are there in the world? More than 7,000 languages are spoken today. We explore exactly how many there are, their geographic distribution, and compare endangered languages with the world's largest languages. Dashboard Explore the World Click a country to learn about its languages: Demographics 7.683 billion people 7,159 living languages 430 million deaf 87% literate Global Language Vitality Count Indigenous Language Vitality Count Bar chart showing vitality levels of indigenous languages. Institutional 485 Stable 3481 Endangered 3193 Extinct 454 Details This graph shows the profile of languages in the world with respect to their level of language vitality. Institutional — The language has been developed to the point that it is used and sustained by institutions beyond the home and community. Stable — The language is not being sustained by formal institutions, but it is still the norm in the home and community that all children learn and use the language. Endangered — It is no longer the norm that children learn and use this language. Extinct - The language is no longer used and no one retains a sense of ethnic identity associated with the language. These four summary levels have been derived by grouping levels in the Expanded Graded Intergenerational Disruption Scale (EGIDS), which is the more fine-grained scale that Ethnologue uses to assess the status of every language in terms of development versus endangerment; see Language Status for a description of the levels of that scale. See also the pages on Development and Endangerment for more discussion. Articles How do we classify and measure the status of languages? In similar fashion to the natural kingdom, where plant and animal species range from abundant to endangered, languages are also classified as stronger or weaker using different scales. One important dimension is language status, classified using the Expanded Graded Intergenerational Disruption Scale. What is the Digital Language Divide? In the era of the Internet and global communications, immeasurable amounts of digital information are being created, shared, and consumed. For billions of people, this means instant access to health information, education, career opportunities, news, social interaction, entertainment, communication tools, and digital content of every conceivable kind. What countries have the most endangered languages? Global language loss on a catastrophic scale is increasing in likelihood, with vulnerable language numbers rising in every continent, every country, and every corner of the world. Indeed, 3,078 of the world’s 7,168 living languages (Ethnologue, 27th Edition) are now classified as Endangered, 100s of which face the very real threat of extinction within a few decades if no action is taken. Featured Contributors Meet more contributors . Antoine Dusséaux Learn more Nate Cheeseman Learn more Jean Pacquement Learn more Renhard Saupia Learn more Dig Deeper Explore Use our basic language and country information for a no-strings introduction Contribute Join our community of language contributors to receive valuable rewards Engage Educate yourself about languages and linguistics with our Insight articles Analyse Understand every language, through our software and product options Follow Ethnologue Explore Languages Countries Families Maps Products Subscriptions & Pricing Digital Downloads Ethnologue Archives Language Code Tables Publications Articles & Insights Insights Ethnoblog Endangered Languages Language Development Support FAQs Submit a Correction Contact Us Accessibility Statement Privacy & Legal About Ethnologue Our Purpose Our History Contributor Program About Our Data Methodology New in This Edition Bibliography Abbreviations Data Contributors Credits Resources Bloom Library Derivation for Business ISO 639-3 Open Language Archives Progress Bible Script Source Eberhard, David M., Gary F. Simons, and Charles D. Fennig (eds.). 2025. Ethnologue: Languages of the World. Twenty-eighth edition. Dallas, Texas: SIL International. Online version: Copyright © 2025 SIL Global Your IP Address: