SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
SKIP TO FOOTER
Contact
Login
Selected: United States (US)
US
E.T.S.—
Advancing the science of measurement to power human progress
We measure proficiency to help learners, leaders and organizations build a better future.
Assessment Products
Helping people everywhere demonstrate proficiency and realize their potential through research-based assessments.
ETS Solutions
Collaborating with businesses, institutions and governments around the globe to deliver solutions that provide better outcomes.
ETS Research Institute
Driving innovation in the science of measurement; advancing equity and opportunity for all.

"When learning becomes visible, opportunity becomes possible - because progress begins with measurement. That is the work ETS stands for."

 

AMIT SEVAK, CEO OF ETS

READ MORE
Our assessment products

We offer a wide range of assessments in a variety of areas, all built with rigorous research and a commitment to quality.

SEE ALL PRODUCTS
TOEFL®

The premier test of English communication, measuring language skills in an academic context. 

Praxis®

Designed for educators, this assessment measures the knowledge and skills you’ll need as you prepare for the classroom.

TOEIC®

The world’s leading assessment in English communication skills for the workplace.

GRE®

Respected internationally as the leading assessment for admission to graduate and professional programs.

ETS Solutions
Improve program effectiveness and promote skill development with actionable data specifically tailored to your needs.
WORK WITH US
Credentialing
Apply our 75+ years of experience and gain research-driven expertise to transform your current programs or to help develop customized assessments.
Talent & Workforce
Leverage our intellectual property to drive your organization’s growth with innovative tools and software solutions.
Partnership
Explore our family of ETS companies with expertise in assessment solutions that empower professional and educational growth journeys.
Transform your talent and workforce management with Futurenav™

Unlock skills-based intelligence to improve talent acquisition, upskilling, reskilling and retention – so you can guide your people and organization to new opportunities.

LEARN MORE
ETS Research Institute
Our teams are driving social impact worldwide through dedicated research in education, skill measurement and global capacity building. 
Explore our Research
Our latest research
PUBLICATION
Charting the Future of Assessments

Learn More

PUBLICATION
A New Vision for Skills-Based Assessment

View PDF (1.1 MB)

PUBLICATION
Best Practices for Constructed-Response Scoring

View PDF (1.3 MB)

ETS is advancing the science of measurement
In an age where change is the only constant, we’re advancing the science of measurement for the skills of the future. Learn how ETS is setting new benchmarks for education and workplace assessments worldwide.
Click to watch
Sign up for ETS updates

Stay up to date with the latest news, announcements and articles

SIGN UP FOR UPDATES
ABOUT ETS
About
Careers
Disability Services
News
CEO Corner
ETS Capital
COMPANY
Assessment Products
ETS Solutions
ETS Research Institute
PRODUCTS
TOEFL
TOEIC
GRE
Praxis
View All
SUBSIDIARIES
PSI
Edusoft
Kira Talent
Pipplet
Vericant
Wheebox
What are you looking for?
Region:
Selected: United States (US)
United States (US)

Copyright © 2025 by ETS. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

Legal
Privacy & Security
ETS Trademarks
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Title VI Compliance Statement
Accessibility
Cookies Settings
LinkedIn
X
ETS would like use cookies and other technologies for a variety of reasons, including ad tech, but we only do so with your consent. Visit ourPrivacy Policy to learn more.
REJECT ACCEPT
Cookies Settings