European University Institute Skip to content Open menu About Academic Units Library Historical Archives Services Partners Jobs Resources for EUI Members European University Institute Open EUI Academic Units menu Jump to: Department of Economics Department of History Department of Law Department of Political and Social Sciences Florence School of Transnational Governance Max Weber Programme for Postdoctoral Studies Robert Schuman Centre for Advanced Studies Apply Events News People Research Search Search European University Institute website Search Search in: Web People Research Help The EUI turns 50 in 2026. Join us for the celebrations! The EUI turns 50 in 2026. Join us for the celebrations! European University Institute Europe’s research university in the social sciences and humanities. About us About us Search programmes, e.g.: PhD in Economics Explore our programmes Explore our programmes We are now recruiting the 2026 PhD cohort! Start the intellectual adventure of a lifetime at the EUl in Florence. Up to 130 scholarships are available for doctoral candidates starting in September 2026. Check the eligibility criteria and submit your complete application by 15 January 2026, 14:00 CET. Read more and apply Featured Research When courts become storytellers: a conversation with Antoine De Spiegeleir In this #MyEUIResearch video, Antoine De Spiegeleir from the EUI Department of Law looks at what happens when courts rely on stories as part of their work. Through examples from the ICJ and climate cases, he shows how these narratives influence public discussion. Read more When courts become storytellers: a conversation with Antoine De Spiegeleir Research Sewing resistance: women's activism and disability rights, with Elisa Heinrich In this #EUIResearch interview, Max Weber Fellow Elisa Heinrich explores how feminist and disability rights activists in German-speaking Europe built networks, reclaimed language, and intertwined personal, political, and professional spheres to demand recognition and advance social justice. Read more Sewing resistance: women's activism and disability rights, with Elisa Heinrich Research Warmer days, higher tensions: How temperature affects domestic violence In this #MyEUIResearch interview, economics researcher Martin Habets uncovers the link between variations in daily temperature and cases of domestic violence. His research reveals an increase in domestic violence on warmer days, particularly for the most vulnerable. Read more Warmer days, higher tensions: How temperature affects domestic violence Our educational offer Doctoral programmes PhD degrees in history, law, economics, and political and social sciences. Read more Doctoral programmes Fellowships Funding, mentorship, and research opportunities to advance careers and drive discoveries. Read more Fellowships Master’s programmes In-depth knowledge and practical skills with expert guidance, preparing students for leadership roles. Read more Master’s programmes Executive education Skills, strategic insights, and networking for leaders to excel and drive success. Read more Executive education Discover all EUI in numbers 24 member states 1,000+ Scholars 100+ international partners Latest publications EUI scholars produce over 1,000 publications each year, offering insights into complex, real-world challenges and fundamental questions about human society. Explore the full collection Fellowships Previous Technical Report Global risks to the EU 2026 ANGHEL, Veronika 2025 Read more Global risks to the EU 2026 Article Limited backlash? Assessing the geographic scope of electoral responses to refugees FERWERDA, Jeremy; RIAZ, Sascha 2025 Read more Limited backlash? Assessing the geographic scope of electoral responses to refugees Article European society and its law: EU law in light of social theory AZOULAI, Loic 2025 Read more European society and its law: EU law in light of social theory Book The European Union as a global cultural power DÂMASO, Mafalda 2025 Read more The European Union as a global cultural power 2025 Does participation follow the same logic across different types of elections? Determinants of voter turnout in national and European Parliament elections (1975-2024) KOSTELKA, Filip; BLAIS, André 2025 Read more Does participation follow the same logic across different types of elections? Determinants of voter turnout in national and European Parliament elections (1975-2024) Article Is meritocracy not so bad after all? Educational expansion and intergenerational mobility in 40 countries VAN DE WERFHORST, Herman G. 2024 Read more Is meritocracy not so bad after all? Educational expansion and intergenerational mobility in 40 countries Article Getting away with journalists' murder? Impunity and its impact on investigative journalism and press freedom PAPADOPOULOU, Lambrini; ŽUFFOVÁ, Mária 2025 Read more Getting away with journalists' murder? Impunity and its impact on investigative journalism and press freedom Book Fragile aid: development cooperation in weak states and conflict contexts GISSELQUIST, Rachel M.; JUSTINO, Patricia; VACCARO, Andrea 2025 Read more Fragile aid: development cooperation in weak states and conflict contexts Book Citizenship acquisition by immigrants and their descendants : an international legal comparison VINK, Maarten Peter; DZANKIC, Jelena; BAUBÖCK, Rainer (editors) 2025 Read more Citizenship acquisition by immigrants and their descendants : an international legal comparison Next Previous Next Thought leadership #EUIdeas EUIdeas draws from the Institute’s academic community of faculty, fellows, researchers, and research associates for analyses and commentary on social, political, legal, and economic issues. Justice denied: How international courts are failing to uphold reproductive justice Sabrina Frydman, Anna Śledzińska-Simon The next UN Session of the Commission on the Status of Women focuses on ensuring access to justice for women. Sabrina Frydman & Anna Śledzińska-Simon argue that, while crucial, access to courts and formal legal procedures is not enough to ensure meaningful access to reproductive justice.... Read more Justice denied: How international courts are failing to uphold reproductive justice You've got a friend in me: What does research have to do with relationships? Stephanie Acker Housman, Andrew Geddes, Negar Katirai Stephanie Acker, Andrew Geddes, and Negar Katirai explore the importance of relationships in research and the benefits of participatory research, which are key aspects of U-Lead, a youth leadership and participatory research programme.... Read more You've got a friend in me: What does research have to do with relationships? Why EU reform and enlargement belong together Veronica Anghel, Erik Jones At crucial periods in its development, the EU protects and reinforces its essential projects: the single market, the euro, security. At such moments, EU deepening and widening – in other words, reform and enlargement – are necessary for the sustainability of European success. In their recent book 'F... Read more Why EU reform and enlargement belong together More EUIdeas Events 2 February 2026 17:00 On premise Special Event Communications Service EUI Conversations with Dominique de Villepin Read more EUI Conversations with Dominique de Villepin 9 January 2026 17:00 Hybrid Special Event Department of Political and Social Sciences Attention, shoppers! Read more Attention, shoppers! 29 January 2026 18:30 On premise Alumni Development and External Relations Service London Alumni Chapter Launch Read more London Alumni Chapter Launch View all events Latest news Research Social partners decisive in social policy and European integration In an event at the European Parliament, partners from the project “The Social Partners as Shapers and Makers of Social Europe: Discovering Foundations and Futures (ShaPE)” presented key take-aways from their research examining the constructive role of European social partners in building social Europe. Read more Social partners decisive in social policy and European integration Event EUI hosts the first European Degree Forum The event, led by the European Commission, brought together Europe’s higher education community to shape the future of a joint European degree. Read more EUI hosts the first European Degree Forum Research What did COP30 really deliver? A look at the summit’s mixed outcomes This year, COP30 unfolded in Belém against geopolitical tension, shifting priorities, and renewed questions about what meaningful climate progress looks like. EUI experts who attended the negotiations onsite and online reflected on the conference’s main outcomes and remaining challenges. Read more What did COP30 really deliver? A look at the summit’s mixed outcomes Award EUI confirmed world's 6th for political sciences in 2025 ShanghaiRanking The EUI is once more ranked 6th in the world for political sciences and in the top 100 globally for sociology in the ShanghaiRanking Global Ranking of Academic Subjects 2025. This result confirms the research excellence of the EUI community, and its Department of Political and Social Sciences in particular. Read more EUI confirmed world's 6th for political sciences in 2025 ShanghaiRanking View all news "Everyone in the Economics Department is very approachable […] every moment spent here becomes an opportunity to learn and grow as a researcher." Ezgi Arda, PhD, ECO "This is a lively community of scholars from different disciplines, academic cultures, and backgrounds, which is what makes the EUI so unique." Julià Gómez Reig, PhD, HEC "The STG Policy Leader Fellowship strengthened my connections to academics and policy makers, which became an important building block in the project I launched during my time at the STG to strengthen human rights defenders around the EU." Márta Pardavi, Policy Leader Fellow, STG "An international milieu and the opportunity to learn from world-renowned scholars guarantee that all MRes graduates are more than prepared to conduct their own research." Michał Pawłowski, MRes graduate, ECO Previous Next #WhyEUI Discover why our community members value the EUI experience. Previous Next European University Institute Badia Fiesolana Via dei Roccettini 9, 50014 San Domenico di Fiesole (FI) Follow on Linkedin Follow on Bluesky Follow on Twitter Follow on Facebook Follow on Youtube Follow on Instagram EUI Newsletter Stay up to date! Analyses and commentary on social, political, legal, and economic issues from the Institute's academic community. Subscribe Academic units Economics History Law Political and Social Sciences Florence School of Transnational Governance Max Weber Programme Robert Schuman Centre for Advanced Studies Apply Doctoral programmes Master's programmes Executive training Fellowships Summer schools Services/Resources Library Historical Archives of the European Union CIVICA Support Services Campus facilities Alumni Visitors at the EUI Tenders Funded by the European Union. Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union or the European Education and Culture Executive Agency (EACEA). Neither the European Union nor EACEA can be held responsible for them. Terms and conditions Data protection Health, safety and security Accessibility Feedback © European University Institute 2025, Badia Fiesolana - Via dei Roccettini 9, I-50014 San Domenico di Fiesole (FI) - Italy Go back to top of the page