Discover Europe by Train | Best Rail Pass in Europe | Eurail.com® Skip to main content honeypot link English 日本語 简体中文 한국어 Español Português $ USD $ AUD $ CAD € EUR ₩ KRW Hi {user} My Account Order overview Reservations overview My Trips & Travelers Logout Log in Plan your trip Planning guide Trip planner Train times Railway map Trip ideas Securing seats Before you travel Trains & ferries Alternatives to Busy Routes Travel between popular European cities without seat reservations 25 routes to try in 2025 Get inspired by our travelers' favorite scenic train routes across Europe Passes Passes guide Find your Pass Global Pass One Country Pass Ordering info Pass format About Eurail Travel deals Plus Pass (Beta) Seat reservations Book seats How do I book seats? Do I need seat reservations? Seat reservation Fees Can I avoid seat reservations? All about seat reservations Everything you need to know about booking your seats Help Help center FAQ overview Pass FAQ Travel FAQ Seat reservations FAQ Contact us Through our Chatbot in the bottom right corner of our Help Center page. Ask the Community Browse questions from fellow Eurail travellers, or ask your own! English 日本語 简体中文 한국어 Español Português $ USD $ AUD $ CAD € EUR ₩ KRW Tour Europe with 1 rail Pass Follow your curiosity around up to 33 countries, traveling at your own pace by train. Find your Pass Tour Europe by train with 1 Pass Create the perfect itinerary for your trip Travel flexibly on trains that don’t need reservations Stay conscious and travel sustainably Create your dream trip across Europe Discover where you can go with Eurail and find the best Pass for your travels. Build your Eurail adventure in 4 easy steps 1 Plan your route Plan where you’re going and which trains will take you there. Start planning 2 Find your Pass Travel with a Global Pass or a One Country Pass - it’s up to you. Explore Passes 3 Reserve your seats Do your trains need seat reservations? Book them early! Check reservations 4 Activate your Pass Add your Pass to the app, activate it, and jump on a train! Learn how Secure your plans by reserving seats Check if you need to reserve seats to board your trains. Popular trains fill up fast, so book early! Looking for flexibility? Check our reservation-free routes or travel off-peak. Most popular rail Passes Global Pass 7 travel days From Travel any 7 days within 1 month Perfect for visiting 6-8 destinations 100% refundable within 7 days—90% or more after Global Pass 10 travel days From Travel any 10 days within 2 months Perfect for visiting 9–11 destinations 100% refundable within 7 days—90% or more after Next Stop Get inspired by popular routes View all itineraries Chase the northern lights Hamburg, Stockholm, Kiruna, and beyond 2 weeks or longer Eurail Global Pass Sail through the Cyclades Syros, Paros, Naxos, and beyond 2 weeks or longer Eurail Greek Islands Pass Slovenia and Croatia by train Ljubljana, Lake Bled, Split, and beyond 2 weeks or longer Eurail Global Pass Off the beaten path: Rome and beyond Bracciano, Viterbo, Isola Farnese and more 1 week or longer Eurail Italy Pass “We were on the road for two months and traveled to 16 cities and 10 countries. Through Eurail you get the chance to create your own individual route.” Tamara and Natalie “I had the freedom to go at my own pace and find unexpected adventures, enjoying spectacular landscapes and discovering natural beauty. In short, a unique and unforgettable adventure." Lucas “I loved Eurailing! It was cool to see how trains operate in different countries, and how the European network is interlinked. I can’t wait for more international trains and for international rail travel to become the new norm!” Floris “I loved exploring Europe with my Eurail Pass! It was the perfect complement to my study abroad program and a valuable resource! I was able to visit so many places, and I can’t wait to come back to visit more!” Taylor “Traveling by train is more than just going from A to B. Your trip already starts at the station, and the experiences and encounters are priceless.” Bram Ready to travel? Download our Rail Planner app Plan your trip and show your Pass as you go. Change of currency You cannot change the currency once you have a Pass in your cart. Remove the Pass, and then change the currency on the website header. Our partners include OUR COMPANY About us Careers Press room Become our partner Sponsored & branded content Get Started What is Eurail? How to use your Pass Magazine Community Sustainable tourism Support TERMS & CONDITIONS Booking Conditions Refunds & exchanges Eurail Pass Conditions of Use Rail Planner App Privacy Policy Website Terms of Use Stay updated! Sign up for our newsletter to receive travel inspiration and exciting updates from Eurail! Country Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo (Brazzaville) Congo (Kinshasa) Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong S.A.R., China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao S.A.R., China Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe You have been successfully subscribed. Email Address field is required! Email Address is invalid! Error subscribing to the newsletter. Please try again later. You have already subscribed to this newsletter! Please agree to the terms and conditions to subscribe to the newsletter. By signing up for our newsletter you agree to our terms and conditions . Accessibility Statement Privacy & Cookie Statement Cookie preferences