Eurosurveillance 1887 Other sites: ECDC European Antibiotic Awareness Day ESCAIDE - Scientific conference Eurosurveillance journal EVIP - Vaccination portal LOGIN CONTACT SUPPORT Toggle search navigation Toggle main navigation Europe's journal on infectious disease surveillance, epidemiology, prevention and control Home Current Archives Eurosurveillance Weekly releases (1997–2007) Special compilations Special editions Quarterly editions (2004–2009) Collections Show All 25 years of public health impact Annual theme 2025: vaccine-preventable diseases in humans Annual theme 2024: Urban development Annual theme 2022: Food a a vehicle for antimicrobial resistance Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) Antimicrobial resistance Food and waterborne diseases Infectious diseases in children Hepatitis A and E HIV and AIDS Integrated surveillance for respiratory viruses Legionnaires' disease Monkeypox/mpox Measles in Europe Public health preparedness Rabies Sustainable Development Goals Sexually transmitted infections Tuberculosis (TB) Vaccination policies and attitudes Zoonotic and arthropod-borne diseases About Us About us Editorial board Scientific seminars 25 year anniversary News Editorial Policies Editorial policy For authors Evaluation and review process For reviewers search submit Receive the Table of contents Create account / Sign-in Username: Password: Sign in Need login help? Not registered yet? The editorial office will be closed between 24 December 2025 and 5 January 2026. We wish you a peaceful holiday season and will be back with our first issue on 8 January 2026. Sign up for our email alert and get your weekly dose of public health updates Check how to sign up Three open-access e-learning resources for peer review to evaluate studies' aims, completeness and diversity. Enrol here Eurosurveillance Since 1995, Eurosurveillance has provided the European public health community with an open-access platform to exchange
relevant findings on communicable disease surveillance, prevention and control.
A weekly, electronic, peer-reviewed publication, Eurosurveillance aims to provide timely facts and guidance
for public health professionals and decision-makers in the field of infectious disease to facilitate the implementation
of effective prevention and control measures. Impact factor: 7.8 . More... Latest Issue: Volume 30, Issue 50,
18 December 2025 Latest Issue RSS feed Volumes & issues Rapid communication Nosocomial transmission in a monkeypox virus clade Ib outbreak, Ireland, August to October 2025 Mark McLoughlin , Laura Fahey , Michael Carr , Billie Caceda , Derval Igoe , Jonathan Dean , Dominic Rowley , Alan Rice , Brian Keogan , Cillian De Gascun , Daniel Hare and Mary Ward More Less In August–October 2025, an mpox outbreak with monkeypox virus clade Ib was identified in Ireland, involving four epidemiologically linked cases. The cluster originated from a traveller returning from Pakistan via the United Arab Emirates and includes a nosocomial infection. Phylogenetic analysis revealed genetic clustering with an Omani sequence, suggesting Eastern Mediterranean Region transmission routes. This outbreak underscores the importance of clinical vigilance, rapid molecular diagnostics and coordinated public health responses to prevent onward clade Ib transmission in non-endemic countries. Top Outbreaks Two autochthonous cases of Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever and the One Health response, Thessaly, Greece, 2025 Danai Pervanidou , Sara Georgiadou , Elisavet Stavropoulou , Aggelos Stefos , Katerina Tsioka , Chrysovalantou Niki Kefaloudi , Nikolaos Gatselis , Konstantinos Makaritsis , Demosthenes Makris , Parisi Kyriaki , Sofia Chatzianastasiou , Antonios Maragkos , Theano Georgakopoulou , Dimitra Paraskeva , Dimitrios Paraskevis , Olga Papachristou , Styliani Papatheodorou , Spyridoula Damaskou , Varvara Kaouna , Smaragda Sotiraki , Anastasios Saratsis , Aggeliki Liakata , Dimitrios Papasteriou , Evangelos Kartsoulis , Zacharoula Bogogiannidou , Stamatia Kokkali , Ioanna Voulgaridi , Styliani Sarrou , Konstantina Stoikou , Styliani Pappa , Ourania Tsakalidou , Varvara Mouchtouri , Katerina Marinou , Ilektra A Fragkou , Dimitrios Hatzigeorgiou , Anna Papa , George N Dalekos and Christos Hadjichristodoulou More Less In June 2025, two autochthonous Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever cases were recorded in Greece; a fatal index case and a healthcare worker secondarily infected. With only one autochthonous case previously reported in Greece, in 2008, this event was unexpected and triggered a One Health response: cases investigation, contact tracing, infection prevention and control guidance, field investigation, preventive measures targeting vectors and possible animal hosts, as well as awareness-raising measures. Although Greece is non-endemic for Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever, some neighbouring countries are endemic, and this event underscores the need for enhanced surveillance, vigilance and multisectoral collaboration. Top Surveillance Community transmission of mpox clade Ib not driven through sexual exposures, Uvira, eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, June to October 2024 Patrick Musole Bugeme , Patrick Kazuba Bugale , Trust Faraja Mukika , Megan O’Driscoll , Javier Perez-Saez , Levi Bugwaja , Salomon Mashupe Shangula , Willy Kasi , Justin Bengehya , Stephanie Ngai , Antonio Isidro Carrion Martin , Jules Jackson , Patrick Katoto , Esto Bahizire , Noella Mulopo-Mukanya , Justin Lessler , Jackie Knee , Pauline Vetter , Elizabeth C Lee , Daniel Mukadi-Bamuleka , Andrew S Azman and Espoir Bwenge Malembaka More Less BACKGROUND In September 2023, monkeypox virus (MPXV) clade Ib emerged in Kamituga, a mining zone in South Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), primarily through sexual transmission. AIM We aimed to investigate cases in a MPXV clade Ib outbreak in Uvira, eastern DRC. METHODS From June to October 2024, we collected demographic, exposure and clinical data from suspected mpox cases at Uvira hospital and in households. The virus was identified by PCR. We investigated putative transmission patterns, disease severity and risk factors. RESULTS We identified 973 suspected cases: 415 (42.7%) were tested with PCR and 322 (77.6%) were confirmed. The median age of suspected cases was 9 years (interquartile range (IQR): 3–20 years), with 620 (63.7%) aged < 15 and 344 (35.4%) < 5 years. Severe disease (≥ 100 lesions) was more common in cases aged < 15 years (25.6%; 142/554) than others (16.1%; 49/304; p < 0.001). Twenty-two (12.2%) of 181 cases aged < 5 years had acute malnutrition. Seven cases died; the overall case-fatality ratio was 0.7%, and in infants (aged < 1 year) it was 3.9% (5/127). Of 329 suspected cases tested for HIV, six (1.8%) were positive. Nineteen (14.5%) of 131 females aged 15–49 years were pregnant. Most reported exposures to suspected mpox cases occurred in households (67.9%; 298/439). Sexual (6.0%; 19/318) or healthcare-related occupational exposures (1.4%; 6/417) were less common. Animal exposures were few (5.0%; 39/776) and predominantly domestic (97.4%; 38/39). CONCLUSION This child-centred outbreak, driven by non-sexual transmission, underscores the need for paediatric vaccines, nutritional support and household interventions. Adult-focused responses alone may be insufficient to control the outbreak. Top Research Maternal and infant immunity against Bordetella pertussis, Norway, 2020 to 2023 Margrethe Greve-Isdahl , Thea Kristine Rogne Møller , Terese Bekkevold , Marta Natalia Baranowska-Hustad , Cathinka Halle Julin , Ida Laake , Are Stuwitz Berg , Preben Aavitsland , Per Kristian Knudsen , Audun Aase and Ketil Størdal More Less BACKGROUND Pertussis remains a serious threat to young infants. In Norway, infants receive an acellular pertussis vaccine (aP) according to a 2 + 1 schedule at 3, 5 and 12 months of age, delivered as a hexavalent vaccine. AIM We aimed to study susceptibility to pertussis in mothers and infants to guide decisions regarding vaccination in pregnancy. METHODS In this prospective observational study, we included 366 mother/infant pairs during 2020–2023, collecting blood samples from mothers in late pregnancy, cord blood at delivery and from infants before their first and after their third vaccine dose. We retrieved health registry data on vaccination and pregnancy-related information. IgG antibody levels against pertussis-antigens, diphtheria and tetanus were measured using a multiplex immunoassay. RESULTS Of the pregnant women, 48% (174/366) had low levels of antibodies against pertussis toxin (PT) defined as below 5 IU/mL. Maternal antibodies declined in infants from birth until first vaccination, leaving 72% (154/215) of infants with anti-PT IgG levels below 5 IU/mL. All infants responded well to vaccination and we found no evidence of blunting from high levels (> 40 IU/mL) of maternal antibodies against PT. Infants of mothers who received an aP-containing booster vaccine within 2 years before pregnancy displayed low anti-PT IgG levels, with 58% (15/26) having levels below 5 IU/mL. CONCLUSION A high proportion of pregnant women and their infants under 3 months of age had low anti-PT antibody levels, indicating high susceptibility to pertussis. The results support the introduction of vaccination against pertussis during pregnancy in Norway. Top Erratum Erratum for Euro Surveill. 2025;30(49) Eurosurveillance editorial team More Less Top Miscellaneous Job vacancies at the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) Eurosurveillance editorial team More Less Recent articles Extended influenza seasons in Australia and New Zealand in 2025 due to the emergence of influenza A(H3N2) subclade K viruses Clyde Dapat , Heidi Peck , Lauren Jelley , Tanya Diefenbach-Elstob , Tegan Slater , Saira Hussain , Phillip Britton , Allen C. Cheng , Tim Wood , Annaleise Howard-Jones , Yi Mo Deng , Jessica E. Miller , Q. Sue Huang and Ian G. Barr Spatiotemporal trends and determinants of syphilis among heterosexual males and females in the Netherlands, 2011 to 2023 Laura Kayaert , Carolina JG Kampman , Helena CM Driessen-Hulshof and Birgit HB van Benthem A nosocomial outbreak of Ralstonia mannitolilytica linked to cosmetic water mist sprays in the intensive care unit of a tertiary care hospital, Switzerland, 2024 Alicia Cancela Costa , Dominique S Blanc , Claire Bertelli , Trestan Pillonel , Damien Jacot , Léa Griess , Jean-Luc Pagani , Bruno Grandbastien , Rami Sommerstein , Marie Nahimana Tessemo , Laurence Senn and Estelle Moulin Rapid emergence of Trichophyton indotineae ( Trichophyton mentagrophytes ITS genotype VIII) observed in the United Kingdom, up to August 2025 Alexandra Czerniewska , Andrew Borman , Alireza Abdolrasouli , Emma L Budd , Matthew C Fisher , Richard Barton , Kieran A Bates , Jonathan Lambourne , Alicia Demirjian , Berit Muller-Pebody , Colin S Brown , Maria Saavedra-Campos and Rohini Manuel Lessons from an investigation of an autochthonous chikungunya outbreak in Bergerac, mainland France, June to October 2025 Roman Creuse , Alice Herteau , Anne Bernadou , Valérie Cesa , Karim Tararbit , Guillaume Lacour , Delphine Binet , Guillaume André Durand , Florian Franke , Catarina Krug and Laurent Filleul Submit your article here Submit an Article Share share via email News/announcements Following reports of unprecedented levels of avian influenza A(H5N1) circulation in wild birds across Europe during the 2025 autumn migration, the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) has released a guide and tools to help European countries detect and respond to possible animal-related influenza threats, including pandemics. Read the scenarios. News/announcements Everyone can join and help improve public health: join the ECDC Crowd and work on improving and transforming health science one task at a time with your insights on study design, statistical analysis, data collection and interpretation. Whether you are an expert or an enthusiast, your knowledge counts. Join a community that supports public health . Contact the editorial team Subscription and registration Submit an article Data protection Accessibility Cookie policy Disclaimer Copyright information Open Access Sitemap Eurosurveillance ISSN 1560-7917 © 2007 - 2025. All rights reserved Eurosurveillance is published by the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC), Stockholm, Sweden × Email Address This is a required field Please enter a valid email address Approval was a Success Invalid data An Error Occurred Approval was partially successful, following selected items could not be processed due to error Eurosurveillance: http://instance.metastore.ingenta.com/content/site-homepage