Euromonitor International; leads the world in data analytics - Euromonitor.com Skip to main content Newsroom Events Sign up English (Default) Explore our solutions and insights in your local language English (Default) ES / Español DE / Deutsch FR / Français JP / 日本語 KR / 한국어 Access and download reports and data purchased through Euromonitor.com. Sign In 0 Number of items in cart: 0 Your cart is empty. View Cart Checkout Sales Tax / VAT and promo codes are applied on the payment page. Visit the Euromonitor International homepage Solutions Passport Our award-winning market research knowledge hub for forward thinkers E-Commerce Eliminate the guesswork from tracking online sales and see who is winning online Innovation Discover new product launches and track their lifecycle from roll out to phase out Sustainability Understand which sustainability product claims matter most across different markets Loyalty Explore loyalty trends, market sizing and forecasts to drive customer success Economies Enhance your knowledge of global economies and the ease of doing business Consumers Learn more about consumers, their lifestyles, behaviours and spending habits Price Tracking Follow daily pricing trends across thousands of retailers worldwide Content Licensing License our content to plug gaps in your coverage and enhance your product offer Data Integration Services Delivering data and insights directly to your platform of choice. Custom Research Guiding you on your pathway to growth, with bespoke exploration of your markets Opportunity Assessment Determine the size of the prize to drive growth opportunities using custom research Market Landscape Report Inform strategic planning, validate hypotheses and guide expansion decisions Industry Benchmarking Track your company's performance relative to competitors over time Marketing Claims Advertise your brand's leadership, credibility and superiority to consumers effectively View all solutions Buy reports Buy our reports Your first step to understanding a category or market Learn more Why buy our reports? Robust data from a trusted source Comprehensive, data-driven insights Leverage our expert knowledge for an unbiased view Explore reports Our international country market research covers more than 210 national markets across various consumer goods, services and industries. Industries We specialise in consumer goods market research and research B2B and service industries. Geographies We publish market research reports for 100 countries, plus global strategy briefings and in-depth regional analysis. Companies We profile leading companies in consumer goods industries. Evaluate company performance and strategies for success. Consumers Use our market research reports to better understand consumer demographics, lifestyles and behaviour. Economies Our market research reports provide insights into global macro-economic trends and the business environment. Reports by type Our reports can be categorised into various content types. Browse country reports, strategy briefings, company profiles, industrial reports and more. View all reports Industries Appliances and Electronics Discover consumer appliances, consumer electronics and toys & games Automotive and Mobility Learn more about the changing automotive and mobility landscape Consumer Foodservice Explore changing dining habits, from eating out, take-away and food delivery preferences Drinks Discover the latest trends and products shaping the drinks industry Food and Nutrition Examine important growth drivers across the food and nutrition industries Health and Beauty Beauty & personal care, consumer health, eyewear and tissue & hygiene Home Products Uncover industry trends across home & garden, home care and pet care Industrial Markets Analyse the size, structure and potential of business-to-business (B2B) markets Ingredients and Packaging Discover changing preference for ingredients and packaging solutions Luxury and Fashion Explore trends shaping apparel & footwear, luxury goods and personal accessories Nicotine and Cannabis Behavioural and regulatory factors impacting the nicotine & cannabis industries Payments and Lending Learn more about the changing payments landscape and new fintech solutions Retail and E-Commerce Discover where and how consumers shop and the digital disruptors reshaping commerce Sports Track sports sponsorship deals and fan engagement metrics for sports teams globally Travel Explore emerging travel trends, behaviours and consumer preferences View all industries Insights 2026 consumer trends Explore key data and insights on what’s driving global consumer behaviour in 2026. Get the trends Trending topics See which cross-industry shifts could impact your business in the year ahead. View insights Insights by theme Search for insights on topics that span multiple geographies and industries Insights by industry Explore our latest insights across consumer goods and services industries Insights by region Select the geographic regions of interest and explore our latest insights Insights by content type Locate our most recent insights based on the format in which they are published Consumer Trends Digital Economies Innovation Loyalty Market Research in Action Sustainability Wellness Appliances and Electronics Consumer Foodservice Drinks Food and Nutrition Health and Beauty Home Products Industrial Markets Ingredients and Packaging Luxury and Fashion Nicotine and Cannabis Payments and Lending Retail and E-Commerce Travel Asia Pacific Australasia Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa North America Sub-Saharan Africa Articles Events Podcasts Videos Webinars Whitepapers View all insights Who we are Our mission We are the first destination for organisations seeking growth. We provide global insight, so you can make strategic decisions with confidence. Learn more Our clients Clients in 110 countries rely on our expert insights. Discover our clients About us Award-winning research into markets, industries, economies and consumers Our history For over 50 years we have been helping organisations to make sense of global markets Meet the team Get to know the people shaping Euromonitor International's success Research methods See how we harness the power of technology and the expertise of our people Careers Learn more about job opportunities and what it is like to work here Corporate responsibility See how our CSR programme makes a real difference - internationally and locally Diversity, equity and inclusion We are committed to creating a culture that is equitable and inclusive for all Our office locations With 16 offices around the world we are close to organisations we support View all Contact Us No results found. Error: Something went wrong, try again in a few minutes. View All Reports View All Results On this page Unlocking worlds of opportunity We are the first destination for organisations seeking growth. We provide truly global insight and data, so you can make strategic decisions with confidence. Passport Custom Research FMCG outlook Consumer trends Opportunity Minded Economies Price tracking Market entry Health and Beauty 2026 economic outlook Watch now Award-winning research into markets, economies and consumers We provide a knowledge hub, customised research and the right reports to ambitious clients to help you achieve growth. Subscription Passport is our award-winning market research knowledge hub for forward thinkers. Demolish doubt and turn your ideas into data-backed strategies. More than 60,000 users are already making commercial decisions using Passport. Are you ready to join them? Learn more about Passport Custom Research Our consulting team specialises in deep exploration of your markets. Whether you are looking for more in-depth analysis of existing data, or to commission original new research we can help guide you on your pathway to growth. Learn more about our services Report Store Our market research reports are your first step to understanding a category or market. Choose from tens of thousands of reports published annually. Reports are available to download immediately, an ideal solution if you need to understand key market drivers quickly. Learn more about our store Trusted by Top consumer trends in 2026 How can you respond to lifestyle shifts and evolving consumer expectations?

Read our 2026 trends report—equipped with global data and insights to help you make strategic decisions that drive growth. Get the trends Insights 3 Dec 25 | GMT: 03:00 PM Economic Outlook for 2026: Global Forecasts and Insights What's the global economic outlook for 2026? How will current projections impact consumer spending power, income growth and business opportunities? Find those answers in our webinar. Watch now Economies Consumer Trends Industrial Markets Explore by Industry Region Theme Top Trends Shaping Consumer Health into 2026 Consumer health today has many attractive growth opportunities. Behavioural shifts and evolving wellness goals are rewriting the rules, fuelling demand for protein among women, deepening health and beauty connections, and sparking a race for longevity. In fact, 2025 marked a tipping point: women have surpassed men in seeking added protein, visibly reshaping brand strategies and competitive dynamics. These changes are driving new trends, which will set the 2026 agenda. Consumer Health Health and Beauty Top Five Trends Shaping Travel into 2026 Travel is at a pivotal moment, as personalisation, sustainability and technology reshape the way we explore. Euromonitor highlights the key trends driving this transformation, offering insights into what’s shaping the future of travel. Travel From Search to Searchless Discovery: Competing for Visibility in AI-Led Commerce Digital commerce is undergoing a seismic shift as generative AI-powered search and emerging “agentic” commerce become new gateways between consumers and brands. Digital Trending Topics Where is US Apparel and Footwear Headed Amid Relentless Change? The US economy has endured years of rising costs, and 2025 brought renewed uncertainty as geopolitical risks and market volatility disrupted recovery. Trade agreements and tariff adjustments with partners like China have offered some relief, but instability has eroded business confidence and weakened consumer sentiment – especially in discretionary categories such as apparel and footwear. Luxury and Fashion Trump Policies Digital Disruption: Amazon Is Reshaping Australian Retail E-Commerce Amazon has disrupted Australia’s e-commerce since 2017, now holding around 5% of FMCG online sales. Euromonitor’s Passport: E-Commerce—tracking 205,000 brands across 12 FMCG industries—shows Amazon gaining ground in fast-turnover, low-loyalty categories like home care, tissue and hygiene, and select personal care. Australasia Retail and E-Commerce K-Beauty’s Global Footprint: Performance, Presence, and Strategic Strengths K-beauty’s global trajectory has entered a new chapter. Once dominated by China, the export landscape has shifted dramatically, with the US now commanding over half of total sales. Health and Beauty Asia-Pacific The Rise of Sustainable Innovation in Private Label In 2025, sustainability has demonstrated high resilience amidst global SKU rationalisation, remaining a key complementary feature for product development. In the last 12 months, 60% of all new products launched globally carried at least one sustainability claim. For private label products, that figure was even higher, at 63% – reflecting consumers’ preference for affordable but sustainable options, while signalling retailers’ evolving positioning as credible, value-driven and innovative competitors to national brands. Sustainability Innovation Top 100 City Destinations Index 2025: Driving Growth and Innovation The Euromonitor International Top 100 City Destinations Index 2025, produced in collaboration with Lighthouse, assesses 100 cities using more than 50 metrics across six core pillars to deliver an overall city attractiveness score. Covering economic and business activity, tourism performance, infrastructure, tourism policy and appeal, health and safety, and sustainability, the Index offers a holistic perspective on the factors driving urban success and resilience. Travel Asia-Pacific From Search to Searchless Discovery: Competing for Visibility in AI-Led Commerce Digital commerce is undergoing a seismic shift as generative AI-powered search and emerging “agentic” commerce become new gateways between consumers and brands. Digital Trending Topics View all insights Buy reports Strategy Briefing Staple Foods: Winners and Losers from Ultra-Processed Food Concern Fresh Food Health and Wellness Strategy Briefing The World Market for Payments and Lending Payments and Lending World Strategy Briefing Where Consumers Shop for Luxury Goods Luxury Goods World Strategy Briefing Top 100 City Destinations Index 2025 Travel World Strategy Briefing Top Five Trends in Cooking Ingredients and Meals World Cooking Ingredients and Meals Strategy Briefing Where Consumers Shop for Pet Care Pet Care World The first destination for organisations seeking growth With offices around the globe, analysts in over 100 countries, data on 210 countries and research on 99.9% of the world’s consumers, we reveal the beauty and insight in the numbers, opening multiple opportunities that help lead you towards success. Learn more Expertise Market sizes, shares and forecasts Industry trends and growth drivers Competitive intelligence on companies and brands Distribution channels of the full retail universe Product claims, positioning and innovation Consumer trends, opinions and lifestyles Economic landscape, business environment and international trade We combine history and modernity to provide a perfect blend of wisdom and innovation . We build and own our robust data from reliable sources using a rigorous approach. Our standardised and accurate methodology allows for cross-country comparisons. 95% top beauty and personal care companies 2/3 top consumer electronic companies 10 of the top 10 investment banks 76% of the top 100 MBA business schools 3/5 largest global logistics companies 65k active users globally 110 countries host our valued clients 3/5 of the leading home care companies 210 countries and jurisdictions researched 4/5 of the top hot drinks companies 10k custom research projects delivered 800 universities and research centres What can we help you achieve? Find the answers to your questions about Euromonitor International and our services. Get started Meeting your research needs Research essentials Economies Our insights on the global economy, business environment and the world’s major cities inform business strategy and pinpoint opportunities and risks. Learn more Consumers Our insights cover everything from income, spending, behaviour and attitudes to demographic changes and household makeup. We help businesses anticipate consumer preferences and stay relevant long term. Learn more Client types Advertising and media agencies Financial services Professional services firms B2B businesses (ingredients, logistics, technology, machinery, packaging) Consumer goods manufacturers and retailers Government departments Trade promotion organisations Universities Industries Appliances and Electronics Automotive and Mobility Consumer Foodservice Drinks Food and Nutrition Health and Beauty Home Products Industrial Markets Ingredients and Packaging Luxury and Fashion Nicotine and Cannabis Payments and Lending Retail and E-Commerce Sports Travel Our solutions portfolio Focus areas Industries Channels Companies Products Consumers Economies Optimise your growth through new market and category opportunities Passport Subscribe to our award-winning knowledge hub for forward thinkers Learn more Custom Research Guiding you on your pathway to growth Learn more Opportunity Assessment Determine the size of the prize Learn more Market Landscape Report Navigate critical market dynamics Learn more Industry Benchmarking Measure your performance and potential over time Learn more Competitive Analysis Differentiate your offer Learn more Passport for academics Access professional-level research that successful companies rely on Learn more Maximise the channels to be active in and how to stand out Passport Subscribe to our award-winning knowledge hub for forward thinkers Learn more Custom Research Guiding you on your pathway to growth Learn more E-Commerce Eliminate guesswork from tracking online sales Learn more Channel Forecasting Maximise your distribution channels Learn more E-Commerce Tracking Custom research to help you win online Learn more Passport for academics Access professional-level research that successful companies rely on Learn more Strengthen investment decisions and methods to attract investment Passport Subscribe to our award-winning knowledge hub for forward thinkers Learn more Custom Research Guiding you on your pathway to growth Learn more IPO Prospectus Go public with data-backed confidence Learn more M&A Analysis Target ideal acquisitions and partnerships Learn more Commercial Due Diligence Report Make confident investment and acquisition decisions Learn more Passport for academics Access professional-level research that successful companies rely on Learn more Enhance your product or service offering through positioning, pricing and promotion Passport Subscribe to our award-winning knowledge hub for forward thinkers Learn more Custom Research Guiding you on your pathway to growth Learn more Via SKU level data to refine your product offer Learn more Innovation Track product lifecycle from roll-out to phase-out Learn more Sustainability Drive growth with sustainability intelligence Learn more NPD Tracking Track new product launches Learn more Product Positioning Position your products for success Learn more Price Tracking Track online product prices Learn more Trend Activation Power innovation by recognising future trends Learn more Whitespace Analysis Fuel innovation by addressing unmet needs Learn more Passport for academics Access professional-level research that successful companies rely on Learn more Identify and attract your target consumers Passport Subscribe to our award-winning knowledge hub for forward thinkers Learn more Custom Research Guiding you on your pathway to growth Learn more Marketing Claims Evidence-based research to stand out Learn more Consumer Segmentation Identify your target audience Learn more U&A Analysis Interpret consumer usage and attitude behaviour Learn more Path-to-Purchase Analysis Maximise sales across the shopping journey Learn more Passport for academics Access professional-level research that successful companies rely on Learn more Navigate global economies and their impact on your business and trade Passport Subscribe to our award-winning knowledge hub for forward thinkers Learn more Custom Research Guiding you on your pathway to growth Learn more Export Scorecard Target ideal export markets Learn more Export Guidebook Map a path for expansion into foreign markets Learn more Passport for academics Access professional-level research that successful companies rely on Learn more Our core solutions Passport Custom Research Buy reports Content licensing Our newest solutions E-commerce Innovation Sustainability How we help our clients Insights Industries Consumers Economies Join our community Company Who we are About us Careers Corporate social responsibility Diversity, equity and inclusion Events FAQ Newsroom Legal Cookies Corporate governance Gender Pay Gap report Modern Slavery Act Privacy policy Terms and conditions Security posture Sitemap Get in touch Contact us Shopping cart Definitions © 2025 Euromonitor is privately owned & trademarked. VAT No. GB: 239-2559-40 Registered in England No. 1040587