Global leader in payments processing and cross-border transactions Business segments Electronic Funds Transfer epay Money Transfer Solutions Ren Dandelion Company About Us Our Locations Our Leadership Careers Contact Us News For Investors Overview Corporate Governance Executive Management Board of Directors Contact the Board Committee Composition Documents & Charters Financial News Events & Presentations Financial Information Overview Annual Reports Quarterly Results SEC Filings Sustainability Stock Information Stock Quote & Chart Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Analyst Coverage Contact Investor Relations We move money in all the ways the world depends upon. Through Our Segments Through Our Solutions We are a global leader in payments processing and cross-border transactions. $4 billion total revenue (2024) 200 countries and territories served $209 billion total funds through our network (2024) 16 billion total transactions processed (2024) Our Segments Serving Businesses and Consumers Through a collection of diverse technologies and services, our business segments meet a wide variety of payments requirements and process transactions throughout the world. Electronic Funds Transfer A network of independent ATMs and point-of-sale devices supports our EFT segment. Globally, we provide financial institutions and retailers with payment processing, ATM outsourcing and other valuable services. Learn More epay epay is one of the fastest-growing networks in global branded payment solutions, enabling companies access to transactions with intelligent, scalable and flexible payment, prepaid and loyalty technologies worldwide. Learn More Money Transfer With Ria Money Transfer, Xe and the Dandelion payments network, we offer real-time remittance and cross-border payments for consumers and businesses around the world. Learn More Our Products & Solutions for Innovators Using our platforms, financial institutions, fintechs and other businesses build globally compliant real-time, cross-border payments solutions. A modern end-to-end payments platform, Ren processes mission-critical transactions for banks, fintechs, and governments and creates innovative experiences for card- and account-based payments. Learn More Dandelion is the largest real-time, cross-border payment platform in the world, enabling payments into bank accounts, cash pick-up locations and mobile wallets worldwide. Learn More Connecting the World Through Financial Participation Our global network processes digital and cash transactions while serving businesses as well as banked and underbanked consumers through crucial financial services such as money transfers, credit and debit processing, ATMs, POS services, branded payments, currency exchange and many more. ATMs installed worldwide 0 EFT POS terminals 0 K money transfer locations 0 K connected bank accounts in remittance network 0 B connected digital wallets in remittance network​ 0 B connected Visa debit cards in remittance network 0 B retail locations in prepaid processing network 0 K POS occupied in  prepaid processing network​ 0 K countries and territories served 0 Euronet in Action: Delivering Solutions for Every Transaction Our payments platforms and network provide solutions for our own business segments as well as for financial institutions, retailers, and other businesses who license them. Euronet Wins Mastercard Excellence in Agility Award for Rapid, Bank-Grade Credit Issuance The recognition reflects the impact of Euronet’s acquisition of CoreCard, which has expanded the company’s issuing capabilities and enabled significantly faster deployment of regulated Mastercard credit programs. Read More Driving Indonesia’s Digital Payments Revolution Discover how Jalin expanded reach, cut costs and secured Indonesia’s digital payments with Euronet and its Ren Payments Platform. Read More Ria Money Transfer Expands Global Soccer Presence and Announces New Partnership with the Mexican National Teams in the U.S. Through this agreement, Ria will become the official remittance services partner of both the Mexican Men’s and Women’s National Teams. Read More Read More News Transform the way the world moves money. Join Us at Euronet! Euronet’s success is driven by our employees. More than 60 offices around the world make up our diverse and dedicated team. Being global, our employees gain unique opportunities to grow both professionally and personally. Jobs Sustainability Days of Caring Headquarters Euronet Worldwide, Inc. 11400 Tomahawk Creek Parkway Suite 300 Leawood, Kansas 66211 United States T: +1-913-327-4200 F: +1-913-327-4120 LinkedIn Business segments Electronic Funds Transfer epay Money Transfer Solutions Ren Dandelion Company About Us Our Locations Our Leadership Careers Contact Us News For Investors Legal and Privacy Statement Data Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Web Accessibility Statement CCPA © 2025 Euronet Worldwide, Inc.