Home - FlickFusion Video Marketing Skip to content Nucleus Tools Contact Us Partner Resources Video Vault Nucleus News Blog Press Releases Video Testimonials FAQ Nucleus Tools Contact Us Partner Resources Video Vault Nucleus News Blog Press Releases Video Testimonials FAQ Nucleus Tools Contact Us Partner Resources Video Vault Nucleus News Blog Press Releases Video Testimonials FAQ Nucleus Tools Contact Us Partner Resources Video Vault Nucleus News Blog Press Releases Video Testimonials FAQ Get A Demo FEATURED VIDCOM Replicate your sales process, virtually. Your sales team shines the brightest when face to face with your customers. So, why are you still sending normal text messages and emails for lead follow up? Follow up better with video, and get more responses, more test drive appointments, and more appointments that actually show up. Learn More AUTOMOTIVE INVENTORY VIDEOS INTERACTIVE 360 SPINS VIRTUAL TEST DRIVES AUTOMOTIVE IMAGING SOCIAL RETARGETING ADS VIDEO EMAIL/TEXTING No one wants to read a bunch of words. So here’s a nifty video for you covering our platform: The Benefits of Video are Countless … but here are a few: 2X more likely to visit a dealership after a shopper watches a video – Google 86% of car shoppers say they used video as a research tool when looking for a car – Google 92% of car shoppers watch videos online, with half relying on content to research vehicles – Google Transform your SRPs and VDPs into an emotion building machine. Build more emotion, sell more cars. It’s really that simple. And at FlickFusion, we make it even more simple: start utilizing VIN-specific automotive inventory videos and automotive 360 spins right from the palm of your hand. Utilizing your smartphone, just take a walk around a vehicle and have multiple forms of interactive, emotional content on your site in a matter of minutes. Learn More Utilize virtual test-drives to put your sales staff where they shine the brightest: face to face. Nothing sells like a “test-drive”. Integrated live video calling and video chat provides dealers with the most powerful medium to engage customers with sales and service departments. Utilizing WebRTC Technology, customers simply, “click a button” to video call/chat. No special downloads or apps required! By clicking the ‘call’ button on the dealer’s site, they’re instantly connected to their team via a Round Robin Video Call System. Learn More Who Can Benefit From Automotive Inventory Videos and 360 Spins? Automotive Dealerships We provide dealership inventory videos, 360 spins, and automotive live video communication to dealerships across the country. Improve your sales today with the power of video. Automotive Website Providers We are integrated with many of  the automotive industry’s most popular website providers, ensuring that your videos will quickly and easily get posted on your website. Automotive Lot Service Providers Whether it is adding 360 spins, inventory videos, or just improving your overall merchandising offering, we make the transition easy and cost effective. Automotive CRM Companies With our turnkey, fully customizable platform, you can leverage all of a store’s sales & marketing initiatives to make it easy to get the right message in front of the right shopper, at the right time of the buying cycle. Dealership Groups Our easy to implement video marketing platform gives you all of the power without any of the headache. Have all of your stores in one easy to manage digital software, and see your KPIs skyrocket. Automotive Shopping Portals Our integration with both Cars.com and Autotrader allows you to utilize your videos on any, and all, of your touch points. Custom Video Strategies If you can imagine it, we can build it. We can quickly develop a platform to fit whatever you have, and to your exact requirements. Automotive Video, Integrated in the Industry "FlickFusion is a fantastic company to work with! Their customer service and knowledge is second to none, and they are definitely a front runner in the video market! I highly recommend using the FlickFusion team for all your video needs." Facebook Review “Flick Fusion has a good system on how they generate the hotspots automatically without us having to do anything” Dealership Review "Best video product available! The customer service can't be beat either!" Facebook Review “We’ll have people come into our showroom and just stand there, watching those videos. These days everyone wants to see a video of whatever they’re interested in.” Dealership Review "Highly recommended video solution that will increase engagement and have you selling more cars!" Facebook Review "Flick Fusion was the only vendor that provided what we were looking for, which is a way to quickly upload the videos and get them distributed across many touchpoints." Dealership Review “The whole process is easy and straightforward, and takes about five or six minutes per vehicle” Dealership Review Sign up today to begin using the most powerful video marketing platform in the automotive industry! Facebook-f Linkedin Navigation Merchandising Communication Marketing Contact Support FAQ Blog Video Library © 2024 All rights reserved​ Marketing Policies Privacy Policy Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent