University of Evansville Skip to main content University of Evansville Toggle Global Header Menu Site wide search form Toggle Search Box Actions: Apply to the University of Evansville Visit the University of Evansville Request Info about the University of Evansville Deposit Give to the University of Evansville Info for: Alumni Area Athletics Area Campus Community Families Area About UE Area About UE Give to the Forward Campaign Welcome to UE Senior Leadership Team Trustees Fast Facts Rankings and Certifications Mission and Core Values UE History Outcomes for UE students Inclusive Excellence Academics Area Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Area Adult Programs Degrees in 3 Colleges and Schools Registrar Office of Academic Affairs Advising Summer Sessions Winter Sessions Libraries First Year Seminar Honors Program Writing Center Indiana College Core (ICC) Institutional Learning Outcomes Admission Area Admission Apply Now Visit UE Undergraduate Students Transfer Students International Students Graduate Students Adult Students Veterans Parents of Prospective Students School Counselors Admitted Students Dual Credit and Online Certificates Changemaking Area Changemaking Center for Innovation & Change ChangeLab Evansville Promise Neighborhood High School Changemaker Challenge AshokaU International Area International Study Abroad The UE Harlaxton Experience International Admission International Support Services Student Life Area Student Life Need Help? Student Handbook VP/Dean of Students Center for Career Development Counseling / Health Education Disability Services Esports Fitness Center/Intramurals Health and Wellness Center Spiritual Formation Residence Life Area Public Safety Area Student Engagement Greek Life Explore Evansville, IN Affordability & Aid Area Affordability & Aid Our Value Scholarships & Aid Aces Opportunity Grant Hoosier Aces Grant Student Financial Services Area Self-Service/Proxy Access Information Veteran/Military Benefits Student Consumer Information Net Price Calculator Tuition and Direct Costs Footage from a drone flying over the UE campus. Majors Visit Apply Request Info about the University of Evansville Deposit Active Academics Learning is not a spectator sport. We believe students thrive when academics are brought to life through real-world challenges and solutions. Caring Culture Here, you are seen as your individual self. We are welcoming and friendly, and we care about your goals and dreams. Why? Because you matter. Extraordinary Experiences Once-in-a-lifetime opportunities find you throughout your college journey and beyond. Don't just sit and watch – do it! How UE Does Education Differently Schedule Your On-Campus Individual Visit Visiting campus is one of the most important steps during your college search. We will customize your campus adventure based on your interests. You will have the opportunity to take a guided tour and discuss your path with an admission counselor. We are excited to be a part of your college search. Schedule Your Visit Today Find Your Major Is your major part of our Degrees in 3 options? Aces of UE Jennifer Ventura Biochemistry “There are lots of things going on and if you want to be involved you have to be willing to reach out.” See Jennifer's Story See More Aces Learn more about FORWARD >> : The Campaign for the University of Evansville , our most ambitious fundraising campaign to date. This $125 million comprehensive campaign aims to strategically build upon three pillars of UE’s rich legacy: A transformational, accessible education Bringing academics to life Faculty that discover, teach, and mentor Learn More About the Forward Campaign $118,360,607 / $125 M News and Events UE Offering Degrees in 3 for Several Majors Evansville Promise Neighborhood Partners Unite to Drive Collective Action Across Four Key Pipelines Riley Partnership Expands UE's Reach in Mental Health Education and Care #1 Study abroad program in America Study Abroad at Harlaxton 98% of 2024 graduates were employed or in grad school within six months of graduation Career Development 3x more institutional aid is given at private colleges compared to public institutions* Student Financial Services Top 10 Best Midwest value school UE's Value Take a Virtual Tour Explore our campus before you visit! Open Virtual Tour Division I Athletics The University of Evansville competes at the highest level of collegiate athletics: NCAA Division I . UE is a member of the Missouri Valley Conference or otherwise known as the MVC, or "The Valley". It is one of the most prominent conferences in the nation. Learn more about UE Athletics Buy Tickets News and Events News Releases Emergency Information Events Calendar Careers at UE Facilities and Weddings Summer Camps Find at UE Academic Programs Administration Offices Bookstore / Merchandise Evansville Promise Neighborhood Mental Health Clinic Policies and Procedures Institutional Equity/Title IX Campus Map Site Map Things to Do Apply to UE Give to UE Visit UE Contact UE Explore Evansville, IN Facebook Page Twitter Account LinkedIn Account YouTube Channel Instagram Account TikTok Account social hub... You’re about to leave the University of Evansville Website to visit a third-party partner site. We included this resource on our website because we think you’ll find this information or link relevant to what you’re looking for. This website is not operated by UE nor is UE responsible for the content or the accessibility on this third-party site. If you have any concerns about the website, we encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site just in case it differs from UE. Please, confirm you want to open this page. Cancel Continue Scroll to the top of the page ©  2025  University of Evansville 1800 Lincoln Ave. Evansville, Indiana 47722 Telephone: 812-488-2000 Privacy Statement