Eventive | Smarter experiences for independent film Offerings Client Stories Pricing & More Organizer Login Try Eventive The seamless platform for independent cinema With a comprehensive package that integrates ticketing, pass management, audience data, year-round member relations, digital promotions, streaming, online film guides, and balloting into a single intelligent platform. Get started Live demo Here to watch a movie? Find your channel Download our new white paper WHAT'S NEXT FOR FILM FESTIVALS: Patterns of Recovery and Growth here → A better experience for your audience and your team Grow your audience Eventive is designed to create better experiences at every touchpoint. Online or in-person. The joy of access Eventive helps you connect audiences more easily to films. Plus we help you connect audiences more effectively to your brand, through targeted messaging tools. A beautiful, seamless audience experience Automated passholder, member, and sponsor benefits High fidelity secure streaming Streamline operations Eventive integrates everything into a single intelligent platform. Ticketing, pass management, audience data, year-round member relations, digital promotions, streaming, online film guides, and even balloting. And more. An intuitive organizer interface You and your team can manage every aspect of any event – from individual screenings to full blown festival experiences – from a single unified dashboard, from which you can search anything. Built-in audience support Audience insights to drive marketing Reporting and analytics at your fingertips In-Person and Virtual Film Festivals Sell passes, tickets, merch, and memberships. Display your program and film guide online and on-site. With fully integrated virtual and physical events. Arthouse Cinema Manage all screenings, memberships, concessions and more - via one comprehensive dashboard. Including online and point-of-sale solutions for exhibitors of all sizes. Distributors Easily create your own proprietary VOD screenings, branded affiliate links, promotional events, or even awards screenings. All with built-in reporting and revenue sharing. 1946: THE MISTRANSLATION THAT SHIFTED CULTURE Maximizing reach and impact Read the story AARP Bringing generations together through film Read the story AFI Going virtual, then hybrid, to critical acclaim Read the story BendFilm Giving local sponsors worldwide reach Read the story Big Sky Going hybrid to double their pre-pandemic audience Read the story BlackStar Film Festival Expressing a genuine, unique personality Read the story Fantastic Fest Designing a simpler and more creative experience Read the story Heartland Film How Heartland Film simplified ticketing and automated memberships Read the story IDA Going virtual with private balloted screenings Read the story Mountainfilm How Mountainfilm successfully shifted to virtual in mere weeks Read the story Crafted with care by independent film lovers Eventive started with a question that has become our mission. How can we make independent film more accessible to more people? Read our answer The reviews are in "Eventive has been quietly revolutionizing the independent film industry for years. They saw the need to help filmmakers and festivals with a virtual solution for the future of the industry. Eventive helps keep our indie film ecosystem thriving.” Melanie Addington Tallgrass Film Association “By working with Eventive, our overall user experience has improved exponentially! The simplification of Memberships has allowed us to have four festivals happen with ZERO system issues.” Adam Howell Heartland Film Festival “Working with Eventive has been a breeze. The team is always available to talk through potential roadblocks and to help us design workarounds. They provide excellent admin support and have always been responsive and helpful!” Cassidy Dimon IDA "This was our first time using a system that wasn’t our own proprietary platform. It was amazing and it saved us so much time. At the festival, everyone was super happy – all of our feedback was super positive. I just thought Eventive was very simple for our users.” Lisa Dreyer Fantastic Fest “I'd struggled to find anything that can handle the nuances of our festival, but Eventive handles them all.” Alyx Picard-Davis deadCenter Film “When Mountainfilm had to make the quick decision to move our 42nd festival online, Eventive was there to guide us and make the transition as painless as possible. The festival went off without a hitch, and we were pleased to have several thousand new viewers who had never been able to attend the festival in the past, expanding our reach and mission.” Suzan Beraza Mountainfilm We’d love to hear from you Contact our team to schedule a personalized walk-through of the platform. Smarter experiences for independent film. Facebook Instagram Twitter GitHub Offerings Eventive Virtual Film Festivals Distributors Arthouse Cinema Support Pricing User Guide System Status Company Our Story Careers Antipiracy Security Legal Privacy Terms DMCA © 2025 Eventive. All rights reserved. ; ; ;