Evermatch Dating Find the perfect partner for you Start dating Dating and Chat Evermatch Free on App Store Download Start dating Maybe you've tried before You've tried meeting someone on your own, or using a dating site. But none of those matches led to anything serious, and all the people you were even remotely interested in turned out to be totally wrong for you. Finding the right person is easier than you think It really is easy! Evermatch finds the most promising candidates for you based on your individual preferences, including your personality and looks, philosophy of life, interests, and the way you see the world Send Likes & find Matches ! Intrigued by somebody's profile? Give that profile a Like . If the interest is mutual, you're a Match ! Look closer at your new friend's profile. Learn about their interests, hobbies, or unusual haircut. Find something you want to talk about, and then go ahead and start a conversation. Pick and choose your people You deserve to spend your time talking with people you find interesting and pleasant. So go ahead and say YES to new friends, but say NO to people you'd rather avoid We guarantee your data will stay confidential Other people will only see the information you give them access to. Evermatch won't share your information with third parties Your opinion matters We're here 24/7 to help you solve problems Report annoying profiles You can always complain about unwanted behaviors or block a user Love stories of our own If you're one of the hundreds of happy couples who met on Evermatch, share your story with us! That's our best reward! Tell us your story Take it from couples whose story began on Evermatch: Neither one of us could believe it. I never thought I'd find someone to love so far from home! 🇺🇸 Kevin and Tracy, 3.5 years together At first, I didn't realize what had happened. But after 5 weeks I knew we were together, and I was happy... 🇺🇸 Aaron and Nicole, 8 months together I deleted my Evermatch profile. I found Nancy! 🇺🇸 Anthony and Nancy, 1.5 years together To hell with other people's rules — we want to be together! 🇺🇸 John and Alice, 2 years married Find the perfect partner for you Download Evermatch for free on Google Play and App Store Start dating Privacy policy Terms of use RPLabs Instagram