Auto Insurance Quotes Online, Free and Fast | EverQuote menu Auto down Home & Renters down For Agents Get auto quotes The fast, free, and easy way to shop for insurance Select a policy type to get quotes Auto Home & Renters We partner with top providers How it works Answer a few questions Tell us a bit about yourself and your insurance needs by answering a few simple questions. Compare insurance providers We analyze a wide range of insurance providers to bring you the best matches tailored to your needs and preferences. Connect for personalized quotes Easily connect with insurance providers online or by phone to compare quotes and choose a plan that is right for you. Popular Topics 3 Kinds of Insurance You Don’t Know You’ll Need Insurance for Wildfires How Long Does a Speeding Ticket Stay on Your Record? Recent Blog Posts Landlord Insurance vs. Homeowners Insurance: What’s the Difference? How Modified Car Insurance Works and Why It Matters How Do You Get Hurricane Insurance? How to Get Home Insurance Discounts and Lower Your Premiums What’s the Difference Between Excess Liability vs. Umbrella Insurance? Comparing auto insurance quotes is easy One of the best ways to save money on car insurance is to compare quotes. Prices can vary by
        hundreds of dollars among companies, so time spent getting prices can really pay off. It's easy to get quotes. EverQuote can match you to insurers that best fit you. And
        auto insurance quotes are free - no matter who you get them from. Types of car insurance It's good to have an idea of what kinds of auto insurance you want when you're
        ready to compare car insurance quotes. Here are the main coverage types. Liability insurance. This is required in most states and is the foundation
        of auto insurance policies. Liability coverage pays others for accidents you cause,
        including injuries and property damage. Note that liability insurance does not cover any
        damage to your own car. Collision insurance. This pays for damage to your car if you hit something,
        such as a pole or tree. Comprehensive insurance. This pays out if your car is stolen. It also
        covers damage to you car if you hit an animal or if you have damage from flood, fire, hail,
        vandalism or falling objects (such as a tree branch). Uninsured motorist (UM) insurance. If you're injured by a driver who
        has no liability insurance, this coverage pays medical bills. In some states you can also
        buy a version that covers car damage from an uninsured motorist. Personal injury protection (PIP) and medical payments (MedPay) coverage. These pay for injuries of you and your passengers, no matter who was at fault. Some states
        require PIP, where it is sometimes called "no-fault insurance." Rental reimbursement insurance. If your car is in the shop due to an
        accident covered by your policy, this helps pay for a rental car. It typically has a daily
        and total maximum that it will pay. How much auto insurance do you want? Before you set out to compare car insurance, have an idea of what levels of coverage you
        want. The minimum you must buy will be decided by your state. State requirements can include
        liability insurance, uninsured motorist coverage, and personal injury protection (called PIP
        or no-fault). You may want higher coverage levels for each than what's required. Here are examples of levels of coverage for liability and uninsured/underinsured motorist
        coverage. Your own car insurance needs often depend on how many assets you would have at
        risk in a lawsuit against you after a car crash. It also depends on whether you want
        insurance that will pay out for damage such as hail, hitting a fence or having your car
        stolen. Highest Level $250,000 per person/ $500,000 per accident bodily injury liability $100,000 property damage liability $250,000 per person/ $500,000 per accident uninsured/underinsured motorist Typical Level $100,000 per person/ $300,000 per accident bodily injury liability $50,000 property damage liability $100,000 per person/ $300,000 per accident uninsured/underinsured motorist Lower Level $50,000 per person/ $100,000 per accident bodily injury liability $25,000 property damage liability $50,000 per person/ $100,000 per accident uninsured/underinsured motorist Minimum level (state requirements might be higher) $15,000 per person / $30,000 per accident bodily injury liability $5,000 property damage liability $15,000 per person/ $30,000 per accident uninsured/underinsured motorist What's full coverage car insurance? You may have heard the term "full coverage car insurance." It generally refers to
        a policy that has liability, collision and comprehensive coverage. That gives you insurance
        for damage and injuries you cause others (liability), and damage to your own car and theft
        (collision and comprehensive). How much will auto insurance cost? The average premium paid for full coverage is about $138 a month, based on premiums reported
        by EverQuote users. That's based on good drivers with the "typical" level of
        coverage shown above. Of course you can spend less by buying less coverage, but you might regret it later if
        you're in an accident. How car insurance quotes are calculated Rates can vary quite a bit when you compare car insurance because insurance companies all
        have their own way of calculating prices. Still, here are factors generally used in auto
        insurance quotes: The drivers. Age and driving experience affect quotes. So do moving
        violations such as speeding tickets. This includes all the licensed drivers in your
        household. Past claims and accidents. Having caused accidents and made claims will
        usually mean higher rates. How the vehicle is used and where it's parked. Do you use the vehicle
        for personal or business reasons? Where is it parked at night? These typically affect car
        insurance quotes. Credit. Poor credit can mean higher auto insurance rates. The insurance
        industry correlates poor credit to a higher chance that a driver will make a claim. This
        practice is banned in California, Hawaii and Massachusetts. The vehicle. Insurers often use data on past claims on a vehicle like yours
        to calculate car insurance quotes. If other drivers of your model have made a lot of claims,
        or the vehicle is expensive to repair, that can be reflected in a car insurance quote. The cheapest cars to insure Rank Model Average Annual Premium 1 HONDA FIT DX $1,521 2 HONDA FIT $1,573 3 SUBARU IMPREZA PREMIUM $1,674 4 TOYOTA PRIUS $1,679 5 FIAT 500 POP $1,686 6 CHEVROLET EQUINOX $1,697 7 FORD C-MAX SEL $1,699 8 TOYOTA PRIUS V $1,713 9 FORD ESCAPE $1,714 10 CHEVROLET SPARK 1LT $1,722 11 MAZDA 3 I $1,729 12 HONDA FIT EX $1,729 13 TOYOTA PRIUS C $1,733 14 VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE $1,735 15 HYUNDAI AZERA $1,750 16 HONDA FIT LX $1,754 17 SUBARU IMPREZA BASE $1,757 18 MINI COOPER S $1,760 19 SUBARU LEGACY 2.5I $1,769 20 CHEVROLET SPARK 2LT $1,776 Source: EverQuote, based on premiums reported by EverQuote users. See more of the cheapest cars to insure . Switching car insurance companies A car insurance policy generally lasts for six or 12 months. Common reasons for switching
        companies include: Shopping for a cheaper rate. Moving. Buying a new car. Getting married or divorced. Adding a teen driver. Try not to wait until the last minute to get quotes. Give yourself a week or two to look at
        your options. Plus, some companies have discounts for getting an advance quote. You also want good customer service in case you have claim or question. You can find
        customer ratings in our{' '} best car insurance companies rankings. How to get cheaper car insurance quotes No matter where you live or what your driving record looks like, there are ways to get. cheap car insurance . Bundle auto and home insurance. That means buying your insurance policies
        from the same company. The "bundling" discount is usually one of the better car
        insurance discounts. You can often bundle renters, condo, boat, RV and other policies with
        auto insurance. Ask for a review of discounts. Ask your insurance agent to review possible
        discounts to make sure you're getting all the savings you can. Do everything electronically. Many insurers offer small discounts for
        paying by EFT (electronic funds transfer) and receiving bills and policies electronically. Increase the deductible on collision and comprehensive coverage. A
        deductible is the amount taken out of an insurance check if you make a claim. By raising
        your deductible you can save money -- as long as you don't mind getting a smaller check
        if you have a claim. (There's no deductible on liability insurance claims against you.) Compare auto insurance quotes from multiple companies. Taking the time to
        make a car insurance comparison can give you the biggest bang for your buck. Because quotes
        can vary so much by company, there can be substantial potential savings by comparison
        shopping. Find cheap car insurance in your state: Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Go Company Home About Us Help Contact Careers Pro For Agents FAQ For Agents Insurance Sales Tips Insurance Agent Tips Legal Terms of use About our ads Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info Data Privacy and Do Not Call Requests More Investors Press Room EverQuote is a leading online insurance marketplace in the U.S. We're on a mission to help consumers better protect life's most important assets: their families, property and future. For quality control purposes, your activity on this website may be monitored or recorded by EverQuote or its service providers. Copyright © 2025 EverQuote, Inc.