Home | The Evergreen State College Skip to main content Evergreen Winter Break: December 20 – January 1 Check Available Offices and Services Menu Visit Apply Give Visit Apply Give Info for Current Students Incoming Students Parents & Family Faculty & Staff Alumni Helpful Links Library Faculty Directory Offices & Services Course Catalog Academic Calendar News & Events Jobs at Evergreen Our Learning Approach Academics Admissions & Aid Student Life About Evergreen Enter your search term This video has no audio. Pause At Evergreen, you’ll engage deeply with your passions, guided by your curiosity. Where would you like to begin? Our Learning Approach Academics Admissions & Aid Schedule a Visit Why Evergreen At Evergreen, you’ll be empowered to explore. Forge a brighter future for yourself and the world with a meaningful education that unites interdisciplinary studies with connected student life. Join student groups, live in apartment-style housing, and discover what it’s like to be part of our friendly community. More About Student Life Understand our complex and connected world with interdisciplinary study, connecting one on one with faculty through cohorts and small classes. More About Immersive Learning Programs Envision and create the world you want to see alongside a changemaking group of Evergreen alumni. Explore Alumni Stories Visit Us Envision your journey at Evergreen by visiting our two campuses in person or virtually. Plan Your Visit Uniquely Evergreen Discover just a few things that make us unique. A Living Campus in Olympia An Urban Campus in Tacoma Hands-on Immersive Learning Private Quality, Public Cost Reputation & National Recognition Public Service Centers The Geoduck In Olympia, explore a campus ecosystem that ranges from trails and forest to Puget Sound beachfront. Walk the woods and kayak the waters for a unique education that no classroom can contain. More About Olympia Speedy the geoduck is Evergreen's mascot. The geoduck has been called every name in the book: weird, versatile, baffling, even a delicacy, but Speedy represents the essence of Evergreen's charm. More About Speedy In Tacoma, our growing liberal arts program is focused on community, flexibility, and convenience. Explore Evergreen Tacoma's unique curriculum that reflects the diversity of our tight-knit learning community. More About Tacoma Evergreen has earned a national reputation for innovative teaching, academic excellence, environmental leadership, exceptional value, a welcoming campus culture, and more. More About Rankings & Recognition Our long history of commitment to public service is based on the principle that colleges should provide students, faculty and staff an opportunity to give back to their communities. More About Public Service Centers Unlock lifelong opportunities for success when you develop your own area of emphasis and study alongside the local community through our immersive learning opportunities. More About Immersive Learning Programs As one of the few public liberal arts and sciences colleges in the nation, we provide high-caliber education at a low cost. No matter your educational background, we'll create a seamless application experience for you. More About Admissions & Aid Uniquely Evergreen Discover just a few things that make us unique. A Living Campus in Olympia In Olympia, explore a campus ecosystem that ranges from trails and forest to Puget Sound beachfront. Walk the woods and kayak the waters for a unique education that no classroom can contain. More About Olympia An Urban Campus in Tacoma In Tacoma, our growing liberal arts program is focused on community, flexibility, and convenience. Explore Evergreen Tacoma's unique curriculum that reflects the diversity of our tight-knit learning community. More About Tacoma Hands-on Immersive Learning Unlock lifelong opportunities for success when you develop your own area of emphasis and study alongside the local community through our immersive learning opportunities. More About Immersive Learning Programs Private Quality, Public Cost As one of the few public liberal arts and sciences colleges in the nation, we provide high-caliber education at a low cost. No matter your educational background, we'll create a seamless application experience for you. More About Admissions & Aid Reputation & National Recognition Evergreen has earned a national reputation for innovative teaching, academic excellence, environmental leadership, exceptional value, a welcoming campus culture, and more. More About Rankings & Recognition Public Service Centers Our long history of commitment to public service is based on the principle that colleges should provide students, faculty and staff an opportunity to give back to their communities. More About Public Service Centers The Geoduck Speedy the geoduck is Evergreen's mascot. The geoduck has been called every name in the book: weird, versatile, baffling, even a delicacy, but Speedy represents the essence of Evergreen's charm. More About Speedy Now at Evergreen All News All Events The Evergreen State College and South Puget Sound Community College Launch Inter-College Transfer Program Evergreen Earns National Recognition for Value and Impact in Washington Monthly Rankings Public College, Public Good: Two Upcoming Public Events Invite Critical Conversations at The Evergreen State College Dec 21 Winter Break 2025 December 21 - January 3 12:00am - 12:00am Jan 1 New Year's Day 12:00am - 12:00am Jan 4 Winter 2026 Begins 12:00am - 12:00am Jan 4 Giant Clam Improv Collective: Weekly Meetings 4:00pm - 5:50pm Jan 5 Evergreen/WA State Employee and 60+ space available registration opens (in-office only) All day Faces of Evergreen Discover how current students, faculty and alumni are innovating and impacting our ever-changing world. More Stories Student Aubrey Evelo "Though my experiment was not entirely successful, I didn't let it discourage me from trying to apply more of what I've learned" Aubrey's Story Alumni Tyler Balliet A bestselling author and entrepreneur who has been reshaping the wine industry since 2006 Tyler's Story Staff Cathy Flora I knew I wasn't going to fit into the traditional college structure and wanted to try something else Cathy's Story Faculty Richard Weiss My teaching goal is to empower students to learn about computer science and math Richard's Story Take the Next Step Connect with a Counselor Schedule a Visit Apply for Admission Olympia, Washington Tacoma, Washington (360) 867-6000 Facebook Youtube Instagram LinkedIn Tribal Relations, Arts and Cultures House of Welcome Cultural Arts Center and The Indigenous Arts Campus at Evergreen. Athletics and Recreation Get active, build a team and make new friends along the way. Offerings are constantly changing to keep you moving! Organic Farm A working small-scale USDA-certified organic farm and a learning laboratory for students. Lord Mansion and Coach House Book your event and enjoy an elegant atmosphere and unique historical connection to Olympia. Info For Current Students Incoming Students Parents & Families Faculty & Staff Donors Alumni Helpful Links Library Faculty Directory Offices & Services Course Catalog Academic Calendar News & Events Jobs at Evergreen Copyright & Links Report Website Issue Website Accessibility Emergency Notifications Public Records Policies Rules Docket Non-Discrimination Policy Privacy Notice Title IX Copyright © 2025 The Evergreen State College