Mac Specs, Prices, Answers and Comparison: EveryMac.com, Est. 1996 Hosted by site sponsor WebMate . ⚲ ||| Home | | What's New? | | Search | | Lookup | | Compare | | Sort | | Mac Specs | | iPhone | | iPad | | iPod | | Apple Watch | | Apple TV | | ID Help | | Answers ||| EveryMac.com Sponsors United States: United Kingdom: Germany: Spain: Hong Kong: Thank you for your support. Site Sponsors United States: United Kingdom: Germany: Spain: Hong Kong: Thank you for your support. Hello. Established in 1996, EveryMac.com is the complete guide to every Mac , iPhone , iPad , iPod , Apple Watch and more; all with technical specs , configuration details, system identifiers, performance benchmarks , and global pricing info . EveryMac.com provides comprehensive Mac specs , in-depth answers to hundreds of Mac questions ,  detailed Mac identification info, and popular dates in Mac history . It also has tools to compare Macs side-by-side, sort Macs by details, lookup Macs by serial number and other identifiers,  and much more. Join EveryMac.com's mailing list for  bimonthly or so site update notices, as well. Recent Apple Specs: EveryMac.com organizes specs on all Macs -- from the original 128k to the current models --  By Series,  Year,  Processor & Case Type. Recent models are below: By Series By Year By Processor By Case Select the system of interest for complete technical specs on the entire series. For specs on other Macs, see All Apple Specs . MacBook Air MacBook Pro MacBook iPhone iPad iMac iMac Pro Mac mini Mac Pro Mac Studio Apple Watch Apple TV iPod PowerBook G4 Displays Power Mac G5 For specs on older Macs listed by series, see All Apple Specs . For just current models, Current Macs is exactly what you need. Select the year of interest for complete specs on all Macs released that year. Note that the images merely represent one of the more notable Macs released in a given year. Many other models also were introduced. Also see: All Years . 2025 2021 2024 2020 2023 2019 2022 2018 For specs on older Macs -- as well as Mac clones -- listed by year from 1984 to present, see All Years . iPods, iPhones & iPads By Year also may be useful. Select a processor of interest for complete specs on all Macs powered by that chip. The images just represent one of the best known Macs powered by each processor. Many other systems use each processor. Also see: All Processors . Core i3 Xeon Core i5 Apple M1 Core i7 Apple M2 Core i9 Apple M3 For specs on Macs with other processors, see All Processors . iPods, iPhones & iPads By Processor also may be useful. Select a case type for complete specs on G3 and later Macs that use the case. Notebook All-in-One Cube/Cuboid Tower For less common case types and pre-G3 Macs, see All Case Types . Mac Specs Listings: EveryMac.com also lists G3 and later Macs all on one page By Identifier and Capability and By Original Price (MSRP) for Intel Macs in 24 countries. Popular listings are below: Mac Specs By Identifier Model Identifier Model Number Order Number Apple Subfamily Also  refer to All Identifiers and iPods, iPhones & iPads By Identifier .  For more help, see Mac Identification and iPod, iPhone & iPad Identification . To lookup a Mac by an identifier, see EveryMac.com's Ultimate Mac Lookup . Mac Specs By Capability Actual Max RAM Storage Info Processor Socket USB & Firewire Airport Bluetooth Max Mac OS Mac OS 9 For more capabilities, be sure to see All Capabilities . Additionally, iPods, iPhones & iPads By Capability may be useful as well. To sort Macs by multiple capabilities , see EveryMac.com's Ultimate Mac Sort . Mac Specs By Global Original Prices United States Germany Japan United Kingdom France China Canada Netherlands Taiwan Australia Switzerland Singapore For the original prices of Intel Macs in other countries -- 34 in total --  see All Countries . See Global Original Prices for the iPod, iPhone, and iPad lines, too. Recent Apple System Q&As (Also All Q&As ): Select the model of interest for in-depth answers to dozens of common questions. For specs on these models, see Recent Apple Specs above. MacBook Air Mx MacBook Pro Mx MacBook Pro iMac Mx Tapered iMac Mac mini Mx iPhone iPad iPod Mac Studio Mac Pro Mx Mac Pro Intel EveryMac.com has in-depth answers to dozens of questions about many other Macs, too. See all Q&As for all models. What's New? Recent site additions... Mac System Specs Apple By Series , By Year ... Apple Watch Specs Apple TV , HomePod , too... Ultimate Mac Lookup By serial number and more... Ultimate Mac Comparison Mac specs side-by-side... Actual Max Mac RAM Actual memory capacity of Macs... Mac Upgrades Upgrade instructions for Macs... Macintosh Q&As Answer your Mac questions... Mac Clones All 68k & PowerPC Mac Clones... Mac History Notable Macs in history... Bimonthly E-mail List Join Today ! It's Free! iPod, iPhone & iPad Specs iPod , iPhone , iPad ... Apple Display Specs All Apple Display specs... Ultimate Mac Sort Sort Macs by specific criteria... Mac Identification Help identifying different Macs... Mac Storage Compatibility Dimensions, interface... Mac Benchmarks Speed info for G3 & newer Macs... Mac Manuals PDF manuals for recent Macs... Pre-Intel Upgrade
        Cards By
        Manufacturer , By
        System ... Hackintosh Tutorials Third-party  guides... Readers' Specials & Deals: Other World Computing :  Your #1 source for Mac performance since 1988 -- memory, hard drives, SSDs, processors, Thunderbolt, USB-C, and more! Don't miss out on our special deals ! Call 1-800-275-4576 toll-free. GoRoostr : Sell your MacBook , iPhone , iPad , and other Apple hardware . A+ rating with the BBB, instant  offers, free pre-paid and insured FedEx shipping, and 95% same day payouts. Get cash for your Apple hardware quickly and easily with GoRoostr! Cash For Your Mac : Founded in 2002; sell your Mac , iPhone , iPad , and other Apple hardware whether you have a single device or need to quickly sell Apple hardware in bulk . A+ rating with the BBB, instant cash offers, and free and insured FedEx shipping. AppleParts.io : Genuine Apple MacBook repair parts , displays, keyboards, logic boards, case components, and more. Free FedEx Express shipping in the continental US with worldwide shipping available. Mail-in MacBook repair in the US, too. WebMate : Established in 1996; easy website creation , professional hosting , and business-grade email with Mac and iOS friendly online software and support. In the UK, Mac friendly home and business broadband service , too! Flexx (UK & Ireland) : Mac memory , SSDs , PCIe cards , docks and hubs , adapters , and other Mac upgrades and accessories with free shipping in the UK and Ireland. In the EU Customs Union; free shipping across the EU for orders over £300, also! Hoxton Macs (United Kingdom) : Refurb Macs and iPads without the high price tag. Approved refurbishment process, one-year warranty, and free next working day delivery throughout the United Kingdom. Bitcoin accepted, too! CompuRAM (Germany) : Founded in 1997, CompuRAM sells quality memory , SSDs, and other upgrades for Macs, Windows PCs, and servers in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland as well as across the EU. Affordable delivery Europe-wide and in person pick up and professional installation service available in Munich. Sadaghian (Germany) : Established in 2015, Sadaghian provides display replacement, graphics repair, logic board repair, battery replacement, data recovery, and other repair services for MacBooks , iMacs, and other Mac models. Free error analysis, free DHL shipping throughout Germany, and a 12-month warranty. iRepairs.es ( Español y English ): Based in Barcelona, iRepairs.es offers affordable Mac, iPhone, and iPad repair and data recovery services anywhere in Spain. No obligation estimates, up to a one-year guarantee, and gratis collection and delivery! iCertified (Hong Kong) : Well-reviewed Mac, iPhone, and iPad repair services . Logic boards, displays, batteries, water damage and more -- all with a 180-day warranty; free diagnostics and estimates; and optional pickup and delivery! A reseller for OWC Mac upgrades in Hong Kong , also. Established in 1996, EveryMac.com has been created by experts with decades of experience with Apple hardware. EveryMac.com includes, and always has included, original research incorporating detailed, hands-on inspection of packaging, computers, and devices as well as extensive real-world use. All information is provided in good faith, but no website or person is perfect.
   Accordingly, EveryMac.com is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind whatsoever.
   EveryMac.com, and the authors thereof, shall not be held responsible or liable, under any circumstances, for any
   damages resulting from the use or inability to use the information within. For complete disclaimer and copyright
   information please read and understand the Terms
   of Use and the Privacy Policy before
   using EveryMac.com. Copying, scraping, or use of any content without expressed permission is not allowed, although links to any page are welcomed and appreciated. Contact - EveryMac.com - Kyle Media LLC - Advertising Info - All Rights Reserved - Copyright © 1996