For Individuals
For Customers
About Evidation
Login
Sign Up
For Individuals
For Customers
About Evidation
Login
Sign Up
Connecting directly with people to provide real-world data that powers faster decisions
For customers

Better, faster decisions through
recontactable patient cohorts.

LEARN MORE
For individuals

Your health data has value.
You deserve to benefit.

LEARN MORE
For customers
Evidation powers better, faster decisions through recontactable patient cohorts, generating continuous real-world data from patient experiences to improve access, adoption, and outcomes.

Since 2012, Evidation has:

Established 5M individual connections
Enabled 1M+ research participants
Led or supported 100+ publications
Worked with 90% of top life sciences companies
Direct, continuous, real-world data:
Electronic health records (EHR) and claims
Patient reported outcomes (PROs)
Social Determinants of Health (SDOH) and demographics
Molecular data from biosamples
Contextual surveys for experiences and perceptions
Functional measures from devices
LEARN MORE
For individuals
Evidation helps you make sense of your health data, benefit from its value, and take more control of your health.

Since 2012, Evidation has:

Supported 5M people in their health journeys
Paid millions of dollars in rewards
Enabled 1M+ people to participate in research
Maintained a foundation of consent and privacy
LEARN MORE
We partner with like-minded organizations who are just as motivated to improve health as we are—spanning life sciences, healthcare, consumer health, government, and scientific research.
Over 5 million members have:

Earned billion of points

Taken trillions of steps

Logged billions of minutes of exercise

Participated in hundreds of studies

Our mission is to create new ways to measure and improve health in everyday life.

About us
Newsroom
Careers
Contact us
Media kit
FAQs
Terms
Privacy
Brand ambassador program
Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice
Modern Slavery Statement
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
Individuals
Client Solutions
© 2025 Evidation Health, Inc. | San Mateo, CA 94402
Cookies Settings

We use cookies or similar technologies to operate our website, remember your preferences, and conduct analytics. These cookies may share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics vendors who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You can manage cookies and exercise your choices by clicking the link in the banner. To learn about our privacy practices, including the information we collect and how we use it, please see ourNotice at collection.Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies