Eweka | Eweka Internet Services | Usenet, Privacy, Security, and More! About About Eweka Best Usenet Provider Tier 1 Usenet Provider 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee VPN Unlimited VPN What is a VPN Guide to VPN Benefits VPN Set-Up Guide Best VPN Services Services Overview Ad Blocker Security Threat Protection How to Set Up Threat Protection DNS Features Secure DNS Best DNS Servers DNS Server Set-Up Guide DNS Troubleshooting Usenet Usenet Security Features Secure SSL Encryption Explore Usenet What is Usenet Usenet Newsreader What is Usenet Retention Importance of Usenet Article Retention Newsgroups Comparing Usenet What is a Usenet Server Fastest Usenet Connection Speeds Pricing Contact Login Sign Up English French Dutch German English Security for Everyday Life Get Unbeatable Online Protection with Eweka's All-in-One Security Suite Enjoy complete privacy on all your devices with the power of Eweka Internet Services. Get 24/7 protection against malware, premium security features, and top-rated Usenet access in one complete package. Get Started 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee 4.9 Excellent 1,091+ reviews 4.9 Excellent Based on 1,091+ reviews My Favorite!! This is my favorite provider for over 9 years. Great speed and customer service too. The new VPN is awesome and helped get rid of annoying ads on both my computers. Five stars. sasha2000 Gives Me Everything I Need Been a Usenet enthusiast for years, and no provider comes close to Eweka. Incredible availability, fast, and the support team is very knowledgeable. VPN add-on is a perfect complement to the service. Personally, I recommend Eweka to everyone. jaysmith Safe & Reliable Eweka meets all my criteria for a secure and reliable Usenet service. They know exactly what Usenet fans want and they DELIVER. Never had trouble finding anything with this service. I'll be a customer for many years to come. griffinm82 Made the switch to Eweka and I'm never going back. Switching to Eweka was the best decision I made this year. They’re super fast, always reliable, and offer pretty impressive features. Their VPN upgrade has been a game-changer for me—it keeps everything secure and also prevents annoying ads and malware. Can’t imagine going anywhere else for Usenet! vivapuertoricooo Online Security Tools Eweka’s VPN extends online privacy to all of your online activity. Award Winning VPN Browse the internet and Usenet safely on all your devices including game consoles, tablets, phones, and laptops. Get Started Protect All Your Devices Securely access public Wi-Fi without worrying about third parties spying on you and your activity. Prevent Data Leaks A built-in kill switch prevents accidental data leaks by instantly severing your Internet connection if the VPN connection is interrupted. Customize Your Setup Split tunneling lets you choose which applications utilize your VPN and which stays on the public Internet. Secure VPN Protocols Shield your online activity with multiple encryption protocol options like WireGuard® which prioritizes fast speeds or the tried-and-tested reliability of OpenVPN. DNS-Based Privacy Services Fortify your online experience with our secure DNS servers. By encrypting your DNS requests, you prevent invasive entities from hijacking your traffic and redirecting you to malicious, dangerous websites. Secure DNS Servers Eweka’s DNS servers are designed for lightning-fast resolution, reducing latency and improving overall browsing speed, ensuring a smoother and more responsive online experience. Premium Ad Blocker Say goodbye to disruptive ads, pop-ups, and autoplay videos. Our premium ad blocker declutters your screen, improves web page load times, and protects your privacy by eliminating intrusive invisible tracking scripts. Threat Protection Our multi-layered security encrypts your DNS requests, safeguarding your online activity from potential threats like phishing and malware, and ensuring you’re always directed to safe, trusted websites. Get Started Superior Usenet Performance Since 1999, Eweka has been more than just your trusted partner in online security – we’re a top-rated Usenet provider with years of experience that offers premium access and high-quality features. Largest Usenet Archive in Europe Eweka offers Usenet users a private, uncensored Usenet newsgroup browsing with full article retention . Find the information you need, whenever you need it, with Eweka’s Usenet archive of 6344+ days article retention. The Most Secure Usenet Servers All Eweka plans include SSL connections backed by 256-bit AES encryption, offering the same level of security as OpenVPN, the gold standard in encryption . Enjoy peace of mind knowing that your newsgroup browsing and online activity remain secure and private. Unlimited Privacy and Protection Eweka delivers premium Usenet security and uncompromising protection. With a powerful VPN working alongside high-quality connections, you never have to worry about your activity being tracked or compromised. Get Started Select a Plan 1 Month € 9,50 14,49 /mo 6344 Days Article Retention Unlimited Speed Unlimited Data 50 Connections SSL-Encrypted Browsing Add €4,99 Unlimited VPN Get Started Save 52% Special Offer € 6,99 /mo 6344 Days Article Retention Unlimited Speed Unlimited Data 50 Connections SSL-Encrypted Browsing FREE Premium Unlimited VPN FREE Threat Protection FREE Ad Blocking FREE Secure DNS Get Started 12 Months € 9,00 13,99 /mo 6344 Days Article Retention Unlimited Speed Unlimited Data 50 Connections SSL-Encrypted Browsing Add €4,99 Unlimited VPN Get Started 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee Get unlimited Usenet access and complete online protection from Eweka Internet Services for 30 days with our money-back guarantee. Get Eweka What is Usenet? Launched in 1979, Usenet is a global network of interconnected discussion groups known as the original social platform where individuals can share information and exchange opinions on a network of topics. Since its inception, Usenet has grown into a highly respected and diverse platform of community-driven conversations that offer direct access to a wide range of knowledge on subjects like entertainment, sports, science, and much more. Eweka provides fast and safe Usenet services, protected by SSL encryption for the highest level of security. Start Now 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee We’re here to help! Your Questions, Answered! Access our comprehensive Usenet tutorials that offer detailed information on how to get the most out of Usenet. Our knowledgeable support team is available to chat 24/7 to help you with anything you need to get started. Frequently Asked Questions Does Eweka Internet Services have a VPN? Eweka Internet Services offers a powerful VPN that delivers unparalleled privacy and security. With strong encryption protocols, your data is safe from being intercepted. By masking your IP address, you can feel secure knowing private data is hidden from prying eyes. Our VPN also gives you an added advantage on public Wi-Fi networks that may put your privacy at risk. Plus, you can even create up to 10 active connections from just one account, giving everyone on your network more protection. How can I get rid of pop-ups? Eweka gives users a powerful ad-blocking tool that allows anyone to quickly and easily reduce invasive pop-ups and advertisements, creating a more streamlined experience for our users. Does Eweka Internet Services reduce online threats like malware? Yes, Eweka Internet Services delivers access to reliable threat prevention settings that scan your device to ensure there are no potential risks to your safety and security. This includes protecting your data from threats like malware and man-in-the-middle attacks. What other services does Eweka offer? Eweka proudly offers a wide range of security products to enhance your online experience . In addition to Usenet access, Eweka Internet Services delivers online privacy solutions like a robust VPN, threat protection to combat malware, a powerful ad blocker to reduce pop-ups, and secure DNS functionality to boost the security of your device. Does Eweka have a 30-day money-back guarantee? Eweka offers a 30-day money-back guarantee to our customers, which ensures that they get what they need out of our offerings with no risk. If, for any reason, a user decides they are not completely satisfied with our service, they can receive a refund on their initial purchase. What devices are Eweka Internet Services compatible with? Currently, users can access Eweka Internet Services on macOS and Windows devices. How can I sign up for Eweka? To sign up for Eweka Internet Services, click here . You'll then receive an email in your inbox that instructs you on how to download a newsreader and configure it using Eweka's server address and your credentials. How do I set up my Eweka Usenet servers? If you’re looking for a fast and easy way to get your Eweka Usenet servers set up, check out our comprehensive step-by-step guide available on our Support page, or click here . Need assistance? Contact our support team 24/7 Home What is Usenet About VPN Support Acceptable Use Policy Payment Info Contact Notice & Takedown FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Disclaimer Login Sign Up © 2025 Eweka