Eastern Washington University - The Region's Polytechnic Skip to main content Eastern Washington University Academics Getting Started Explore Degrees Course Catalog Online Professional & Continuing Education Internships Study Abroad Resources Academic Affairs Academic Calendar Advising Libraries & Learning Commons Records & Registration Faculty Directory Colleges & Programs Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences Health Science & Public Health Professional Programs Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics Honors Find Your Focus Explore programs, courses, and hands-on learning experiences that turn your passions into practical skills for your future career. Academics About Student Life Life at EWU Diversity Campus Events Housing Dining Clubs & Orgs Resources Strategic Plan Fast Facts Area Info News Campus Safety Sustainability Leadership Board of Trustees President Provost Vice Presidents & Divisions Faculty Organization Associated Students of EWU Discover the Region's Polytechnic Get a feel for EWU’s campus culture and why students love it here. Learn about our history and the applied learning opportunities that define Eastern. About Community Our Community Alumni Association EWU Eagle Store Give Back Hire an Eagle Partner with EWU Campus Events Resources Commencement Career Center Transcripts Jobs at EWU Professional & Continuing Education Youth Programs Stay Informed Eastern Magazine Experts Directory News Social Media Contact We Are Eastern Washington Connect with alumni and the extensive EWU network. Explore events, resources, jobs, and opportunities to collaborate with the region's polytechnic. Community Apply Apply for Admission How to Apply Degrees & Programs Request Info Visit EWU Housing Register for Summer Financial Info & Tools Tuition & Costs Net Price Calculator Financial Aid Scholarships Paying for College Resources Admitted Students International Students Graduate Programs For Families For Counselors Contact Admissions Be Transformed Start your application and get all the information you need to plan your next steps toward an affordable education. Apply Now Request Info Visit Give Your Future Is Within Reach Money shouldn’t stand in the way of your education. EWU awards over $135 million in financial aid and scholarships each year. Don’t miss out—apply by Feb. 1. Apply Explore 150+ Areas of Study Bachelor's Degrees Master's Degrees Online Browse All Degrees & Programs Find Your Purpose at the Region’s Polytechnic Discover What Drives You You don’t need to have it all figured out. Our dedicated educators help you explore what excites you and where you want to go. Inspiration is everywhere: in the classroom, out in the community, and throughout the beautiful landscapes of Eastern Washington. Turn Passion Into Practice You won’t just study your future field. You’ll immerse yourself in it. Whether you want to perform onstage, build robots, teach children, write code, or work in healthcare, you’ll learn from expert faculty and gain real-world experience that sharpens your skills. Launch Your Career At EWU, career readiness isn’t a bonus—it’s the goal. Our hands-on approach prepares you to lead in tech, media, finance, the arts, and beyond. No matter where you’re headed, you’ll graduate with the connections, skills, and expertise to thrive. Discover EWU Request Info Apply Where Affordability Meets Excellence With Washington’s lowest in-state tuition and a focus on hands-on learning, EWU provides a high-value education that will help you kick-start your career. More than 75% of our students receive financial aid , and most of them graduate debt-free. Estimate Your Costs & Get Financial Aid Learn By Doing From the lab to the recording studio, students build skills, confidence, and careers through hands-on learning that takes them beyond the classroom. Meet Sandra Meet Jeff Experience College, the Eagle Way Show School Spirit Whether you’re playing or cheering on the team, there’s pride in being an Eagle. Hit up our award-winning recreation center , join a club team, or rep EWU from the stands. EWU Athletics Join a Club From cultural orgs and professional groups to Greek life and gaming, EWU has a club for just about every interest. Don’t see what you're into? Start something new. Student Life Get Career Guidance Our advisors are here to help you land internships, polish your resume, prep for interviews, and plan your next move—plus, you get lifetime access to their support. Career Center Feel Safe & Secure Your safety comes first. With a 24/7 on-campus police department, emergency alert systems, and safety escorts, EWU helps you feel protected and supported. Campus Safety Level Up at the Library You'll find more than books here. At this favorite student study spot, you can also get tutoring, visit the Writers’ Center, discuss research with a librarian, or grab a latte. EWU Library Students Who Graduate Debt-Free 50% Students Receiving Financial Aid 78% Students Who Graduate With Professional Experience 82% EWU Stories University EWU to Start Dental Therapy Program EWU and Spokane Regional Health District Ink Affiliation Agreement Giving Stories New EagFunder Crowdfunding Platform Launched Browse All Stories Join the Fun Follow us on social media to see what's happening on campus. Instagram TikTok YouTube Facebook Fresh From the 'Gram Events Calendar More Events Request Info Visit Campus Apply Footer Academics Explore Programs Libraries Canvas Catalog About Mission & Vision Life at EWU Leadership Visit EWU Community Alumni Jobs News Foundation Apply Apply Now Tuition & Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Request Info 509.359.6200 Directory Need Help? © 2026 Eastern Washington University Privacy Policy Accessibility Rules and Policies