Trade Online with a Leading Trading Broker | Exness Sign in Trading Accounts Standard accounts Professional accounts Demo trading account Conditions Deposits and withdrawals Fees Client protection Order execution Markets Forex CFD Commodities CFD Stocks CFD Indices CFD Crypto CFD Platforms Compare Trading platforms Desktop MetaTrader 5 MetaTrader 4 Mobile Exness Trade app MetaTrader 5 mobile MetaTrader 4 mobile Web Exness Terminal MetaTrader WebTerminal Resources Analytical tools Economic calendar Trading calculator Currency converter Tick history VPS hosting Born to Trade podcast Exness Insights Company About About us Why Exness Exness reviews Contact us Help Center Exness in the media Exness in the community Blog Corporate Regulation Legal documents Compensation fund Partners en Language English العربيّة বাংলা 简体中文 Français Bahasa Indonesia Português Español ไทย اردو Uzbek Tiếng Việt Register Install Register Sign in Upgrade the way
you trade Trade with the world’s largest retail broker and benefit from better-than-market conditions. Register Install Register Try free demo Trusted since 2008 Multiple regulatory licenses 24/7 customer support PCI DSS certified Thrive in the gold, oil, indices, and crypto markets Trading conditions can make or break a strategy, that's why you need the best. Instant withdrawals Funds sent within seconds with seamless transactions.¹ Unmatched spreads Trade with spreads that remain tight and stable, even during market news. 24/7 live support Get answers in minutes via phone, live chat or email, in 14 languages. Swap-free trading Hold overnight positions for free on most popular assets. T&Cs apply. More speed, less slippage Trade with the most precise execution² in the market. Best-in-class security Trade knowing your funds are kept safe in separate client accounts, with ironclad data protection. Trade assets from global markets Capitalize on every opportunity with the world’s most popular assets. Instruments Leverage Avg. spread³ , pips Swap-free XAUUSD Gold vs US Dollar Metals USOIL Crude Oil Energies EURUSD Euro vs US Dollar Currencies US30 US Wall Street 30 Index Indices AMZN Amazon.com, Inc. Stocks Register Install Register Try free demo Seize every opportunity Trade online anytime, anywhere. On web, mobile and desktop. MetaTrader 5 Exness Terminal Exness Trade app MetaTrader 5 Exness Terminal Exness Trade app Your security is our priority From secure payments to negative balance protection, you are covered from every angle. Client protection Why Exness Client protection Why Exness Exness Born to Trade podcast Hear from the pros on mastering emotions, building discipline, and staying focused. Catch the full series—plus a bonus episode with Kojo Forex. Explore the episodes Keep up with Exness Stay on top of our news, product and technology updates, events, partnerships, and more. Read more articles Trade with a trusted broker today Take control of your trades with advanced tools and transparent pricing. Register Install Register Try free demo At Exness, over 98% of withdrawals are processed automatically. "Fastest withdrawals" refers to a comparison of Exness’ withdrawal processing time vs. 3 other brokers, last updated on 07.05.2025. Processing times may vary depending on the chosen payment method. Most precise claims refer to average slippage rates on pending orders based on data collected between September 2024 - July 2025 for XAUUSD, USOIL and BTC CFDs on Exness Standard account vs similar accounts in 4 other brokers. Delays and slippage may occur. No guarantee of execution speed or precision is provided. Spreads may fluctuate and widen due to factors including market volatility, news releases, economic events, when markets open or close, and the type of instruments being traded. Accounts Standard accounts Professional accounts Demo trading account Conditions Deposits and withdrawals Fees Client protection Order execution Markets Forex CFD Commodities CFD Stocks CFD Indices CFD Crypto CFD Platforms Trading platforms MetaTrader 5 MetaTrader 4 Exness Trade app MetaTrader 5 mobile MetaTrader 4 mobile Exness Terminal MetaTrader WebTerminal Resources Analytical tools Economic calendar Trading calculator Currency converter Tick history VPS hosting Born to Trade podcast Exness Insights About About us Why Exness Exness reviews Contact us Help Center Exness in the media Exness in the community Blog Corporate Regulation Legal documents Compensation fund Solutions E​xness (SC) Ltd ​is a Securities Dealer registered in Seychelles with registration number 8423606-1 and authorised by the Financial Services Authority (FSA) with licence number SD025. E​xness (SC) Ltd is also authorized as an Over-The-Counter Derivatives Provider (ODP) by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority (FSCA) in South Africa. The registered office of E​xness (SC) Ltd is at 9A CT House, 2nd floor, Providence, Mahe, Seychelles. Exness B.V. is a Securities Intermediary registered in Curaçao with registration number 148698(0) and authorised by the Central Bank of Curaçao and Sint Maarten (CBCS) with licence number 0003LSI. The registered office of Exness B.V. is at Emancipatie Boulevard Dominico F. “Don” Martina 31, Curaçao. Exness (VG) Ltd is authorised by the Financial Services Commission (FSC) in BVI with registration number 2032226 and investment business licence number SIBA/L/20/1133. The registered office of Exness (VG) Ltd is at Trinity Chambers, P.O. Box 4301, Road Town, Tortola, BVI. The entities above are duly authorized to operate under the Exness brand and trademarks. Risk Warning: Our services relate to complex derivative products which are traded outside an exchange. These products come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage and thus are not appropriate for all investors. Under no circumstances shall Exness have any liability to any person or entity for any loss or damage in whole or part caused by, resulting from, or relating to any investing activity. Learn more . The entities above do not offer services to residents of certain jurisdictions including the USA, Canada, Iran, North Korea, Europe, the United Kingdom, Russia, Belarus and others. The information on this website does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation or a solicitation to engage in any investment activity. Any interaction with this website constitutes an individual and voluntary operation on the part of the person accessing it. This website and its content should not be understood as an invitation for the contracting and/or acquisition of Exness' financial services and products. The information on this website may only be copied with the express written permission of Exness. Exness complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) to ensure your security and privacy. We conduct regular vulnerability scans and penetration tests in accordance with the PCI DSS requirements for our business model. Risk Disclosure Preventing Money Laundering Privacy Policy PAIA Manual © Exness Register Install Register