EX.CO – smarter video technology for media growth Read our latest industry guide - Navigating the AI Traffic Cliff: The Publisher Playbook Technology OVP Monetization CMS Player Vertical Audiences Publishers CTV/DOOH Sales Houses Advertisers Resources Case Studies Blog Help Center Industry Guides Glossary Company About us Leadership Careers Press Room Login Contact Sales Login Contact Sales The machine-learning video platform for every screen Book a demo Monetization Maximize revenue with our machine-learning yield engine Multi-screen Increase revenue by capturing all ad opportunities across web, CTV, and DOOH. Demand agnostic Optimize revenue across all demand sources and connection types. Ad server Leverage machine learning to maximize profits by optimizing auctions. Learn more Video Player Captivate audiences with video at scale Lightning-fast video player Optimized for Google Web Vitals for smooth performance. Versatile layouts Adapts to any device and format—web, mobile, mobile native app, horizontal, vertical, sticky, and gallery. Fully customizable Easily modify player appearance and behavior for a native look and feel. Learn more Video CMS Streamline video content management One intuitive interface Upload, discover, and curate video playlists in a centralized platform. AI-driven contextual recommendations Scale video across your entire website with large language model (LLM)-based contextual matching. Premium video content marketplace Access a vast library with video content updated daily from top-tier sources, and curated playlists. Learn more Deliver video ads to audiences everywhere CTV, DOOH, and OLV Upgrade your monetization capabilities with the EX.CO machine-learning-based ad server across environments. Strategic ad placement Serve ads on connected displays where your audience frequents. Target with precision Reach key audiences with ads using real-time demographic, interest, and behavioral data. Effortless livestreaming made simple Scalable and reliable broadcasting Deliver high-quality global broadcasts with HLS, RTMP, and RTP. Cross-device support Reach engaged audiences on desktop, mobile, and tablet. Flexible monetization Monetize your livestreams using EX.CO’s machine-learning yield engine. Analyze business impact with ease Real-time insights Monitor key metrics like video activity, impressions, and revenue. Automated report builder Compare video performance and schedule reports for your team. API connectivity Access and manage your video experience data through our robust API. Learn more Going beyond the ordinary Accessible video experiences Ensure inclusivity with captions and adjustable controls. Video security assurance Protect your data and revenue with solutions that adhere to the latest privacy standards. Premium Support 24/7 support and a premium SLA to help you achieve your goals. Learn more Solutions tailored for your business Publishers Advertisers Ad management partners CTV + DOOH Why leading media companies choose EX.CO Natalia Peña Rodíguez Commercial Director, Grupo El Progreso Video is essential to our strategy due to audience demand for high-quality content. Monetization was a challenge until partnering with EX.CO, which has significantly boosted viewership and revenue. Their technology and expertise are now vital to our success. 7x average gross RPM lift* 40% higher video dwell time* >3x higher viewability *Within the first 30 days Jason White Chief Product & Technology Officer, The Arena Group We continue to strive to create more meaningful video experiences that captivate and resonate with our audiences. Our strong partnership with EX.CO has allowed us to deliver more contextually relevant video content, resulting in not only higher engagement but also a lift in revenue. +115% average gross RPM lift* 27% higher video dwell time* *Within a six-month time period Scott Gill Managing Director, 1XL A strong relationship with a video technology partner is vital. EX.CO's innovative and collaborative solutions play a key role in our network's audience engagement and revenue growth. Our strategic partnership thrives on fresh challenges, in step with industry demands, that massively contribute to our long-term success. 2x average gross revenue lift across network 30M+ player loads monthly ~4x higher dwell time Randy Petersen Founder, BoardingArea We saw 100% incremental new revenue in addition to the other benefits of the player. Even our lowest readership sites have seen a welcome revenue boost to the tune of 23%. Beyond the value of the revenue is the value of the service we get from EX.CO–simply extraordinary. 27% average revenue lift per site 12M+ player loads monthly 3x more dwell time* *Compared to the average session duration Ciaran Scarry Advertising Director, Autovia EX.CO's contextual recommendation engine enhances our UX by matching video recommendations to specific content, which is crucial for our in-market audience researching their next car purchase. A minor adjustment, but a major game changer for us, as highly-relevant content captivates and engages our readers. 80% relevancy match rate 4x higher engagement rates 30% decrease avg. negative interactions Grant Whitmore VP of Ad Technology & Programmatic Revenue, Advance Local EX.CO has transformed video into a significant revenue driver, far exceeding our expectations. They made video a new reality for us, significantly boosting revenue with relevant contextual video recommendations. We'll definitely be expanding our video strategy with EX.CO well into 2025. 7-figure YoY revenue lift* 58M+ player loads *Within the first 24 hours See case study See case study See case study See case study See all case studies See case study World-class security and compliance Get in touch Please leave your details and a specialist from our team will reach out. Technology OVP Monetization CMS Player Vertical Audiences Publishers CTV/DOOH Sales Houses Advertisers Resources Case Studies Blog Help Center Industry Guides Glossary Company Contact About us Press Room Careers Events Sign up to our newsletter Terms of Service Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Accessibility Responsible Disclosure Policy