Learning Assessment Tools & Software Student/Exam Taker Admin/Faculty Bar Applicant User Login Why ExamSoft Why ExamSoft? ExamSoft’s all-in-one digital platform not only provides secure exams, but the data you need to improve learning outcomes, teaching strategies, and the accreditation process. Reporting & Analytics With detailed reports, you’ll have the data to improve almost every aspect of your program. Secure Assessment Protect the integrity of your exams and assessment data with a secure exam platform. Retention & Remediation Our category-tagging feature allows you to give students targeted feedback, improving retention. Accreditation Easily match student performance to required course objectives. Efficiency Reduce grading time, printing costs, and facility expenses with digital assessment. Flexibility Deliver secure exams from anywhere with offline assessment. How It Works Achieve programmatic success with exam security and data. Featured Resources Browse our blogs, case studies, webinars, and more to improve your assessments and student learning outcomes. Case Study: Tufts University School of Dental Medicine Blog: Why Assessment Still Matters in an Online Education Environment Blog: Maintaining Exam Security with Remote Proctoring Blog: How to Measure Test Validity and Reliability View all Resources Solutions How We Can Help ExamSoft provides powerful assessment solutions through a suite of products that pair with the core platform. ExamSoft Platform ExamSoft has two assessment solutions: ExamSoft for exam-makers and Examplify for exam-takers. Engagement & Polling ExamNow is the formative assessment tool that makes it easy to engage students in real time. ID Verification Digitally verify the identity of each student from anywhere with ExamID. Exam Content Clinical Judgment Exams Pharmacy Exams ScholarRx Proctoring & Invigilation Ensure academic integrity anytime, anywhere with ExamMonitor. Customer Onboarding Training & Support for Your Successful Implementation Performance Assessment & Rubrics Grading ExamSCORE is a simple grading tool for rubrics-based assignments and performance assessments. Featured Resources Browse our blogs, case studies, webinars, and more to improve your assessments and student learning outcomes. Case Study: Tufts University School of Dental Medicine Blog: Why Assessment Still Matters in an Online Education Environment Blog: Maintaining Exam Security with Remote Proctoring Blog: How to Measure Test Validity and Reliability View all Resources Who We Serve Who We Serve We partner with educational institutions and assessment organizations of all types to promote student learning, programmatic success, and accreditation. Higher Education We help all types of higher ed programs and specialize in these areas: Allied Health Business Law Medical Nursing Pharmacy Education Liberal Arts K-12 Programs Prepare your young learners for the future with our digital assessment platform. Certification | Licensure We support various licensure and certification programs, including: Bar Corporate Government Featured Case Studies See how other ExamSoft users are benefiting from the digital assessment platform. Case Study: Northern Arizona University Physician Assistant Program Case Study: UC Davis – Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing Case Study: Leicester Medical School Case Study: Tufts University School of Dental Medicine View all Case Studies Resources Resources For the latest information on how to improve learning outcomes, assessments, and more, check out our library of resources. Blogs Podcast Case Studies eBooks On-Demand Webinars User Guide Videos Exam-Maker Help Center White Papers Exam-Taker Help Center Press Featured Resources Browse our blogs, videos, case studies, eBooks, and more for education, assessment, and student learning content. Video: Sullivan University College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences Webinar: Supporting Students Effectively and Proactively in Remote Testing Environments Blog: How Category Tagging Can Help You, Your Students, and Your Program eBook: Anticipating Accreditation Blog: How to Measure Test Validity and Reliability View all Resources About About ExamSoft is dedicated to providing your program, faculty, and exam-takers with a secure, digital assessment platform that produces actionable data for improved outcomes. Executive Thoughts Hear from the ExamSoft leadership team as they share insights on a variety of topics. Events & Webinars Check out our webinars & events where we cover a wide variety of assessment-related topics. Pedagogo Podcast Tune in as we talk to experts about assessment, strategies for student success, and more. Ready to See ExamSoft in Action? Request a Demo to talk with one of our Academic Business Consultants today for a demonstration. Contact We’re Here to Help! At ExamSoft, we pride ourselves on making exam-takers and exam-makers our top priority. Reach out with any questions you may have and we’ll get you where you need to be. Contact Support ExamSoft’s support team is here to help 24/7. Call us or submit a support ticket online. Holiday Hours Live support is not available on U.S. Independence Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year’s. Self-Service Support Search hundreds of how-to articles on our Community website. Join the Conversation Sign up for our newsletter to find out what’s going on at ExamSoft, plus assessment news from around the world. Request a Demo See the ExamSoft platform in action. Student/Exam Taker Admin/Faculty Bar Applicant Request a Demo Why ExamSoft Choosing ExamSoft Reporting & Analytics Secure Exams Retention & Remediation Accreditation Efficiencies Flexibility How it Works Solutions ExamSoft Platform Curriculum Mapping Engagement & Polling Consulting & Faculty Development ID Verification Exam Content Proctoring & Invigilation Performance Assessment & Rubrics Grading Who We Serve Higher Education Allied Health Business Law Medical Nursing Education Liberal Arts K-12 Certification & Licensure Bar Corporate Government Program & Vertical Types Resources Blogs Case Studies On-Demand Webinars Videos White Papers Press Podcast eBooks User Guide Exam-Maker Community Exam-Taker Help Site View All Resources About Who We Are Careers Executive Thoughts Events & Webinars Pedagogo Podcast Contact Contact Support Holiday Hours Self-Service Support Request a Demo User Login Student/Exam Taker Admin/Faculty Bar Applicant Thank you for your interest in ExamSoft! Please click the icon below that best describes you: I want to schedule a demo I'm an exam-taker or student using Examplify I'm a current ExamSoft client The World’s Most Advanced Assessment Platform “We felt there had to be a better way to assess students’ strengths and weaknesses while reducing the potential for cheating. We found it.” Dr. Jayne Pawasauskus, University of Rhode Island College of Pharmacy ExamSoft supports educators in their core mission of maximizing student outcomes: Promotes higher confidence in student learning Detailed assessment feedback reveals how prepared students are for major exams, including post-graduation certification Prevents and deters Academic Dishonesty Maintaining academic integrity requires vigilance and assessment tools, including secure software that completely locks down the exam-taker’s device and blocks access to WiFi. Cuts back faculty workload to save time Educators can minimise the time spent creating, administering, and grading exams with ExamSoft so they can focus more on core educational activities Provides powerful data insights to guide students Tagging questions to categories allows for detailed feedback on areas of strength and weakness in students’ understanding of the material Helps guide improvements in curriculum and exams Class-wide and program-wide data trends can expose possible gaps in the curriculum and help determine if exam questions are too easy, too hard, or just right Eases the accreditation process Performance data can be linked to key student learning outcomes, making it easy to prove a program is meeting all standards for accreditation Who We Serve ExamSoft assessment solutions work for a variety of industries and programs. In addition to higher ed, we help businesses, organisations, and government entities with certification and licensure exams. Within the education space, we serve many types of programs and institutions. Below are just a few of the disciplines using ExamSoft for their assessment needs. Allied Health Law Nursing Liberal Arts Business Medical View All Programs As LMU Law sought full ABA accreditation, it turned to ExamSoft data and functionality to help demonstrate student learning outcomes and to improve Bar passage rates among its graduates. ExamSoft’s Strengths & Opportunities Reports for students helped transform student studying and faculty instruction, resulting in full accreditation in 2018. Read the Case Study Northwestern Oklahoma State School of Nursing was facing historically low NCLEX pass rates — with an accreditation visit looming. The school needed help fast. It adopted ExamSoft and got faculty up-to-speed over a summer and dramatically improved licensure exam pass rates in just one year, going from 72% to 92% of nursing students passing. Read the Case Study Insights from the Resource Center Six Essentials of Assessment Data Leveraging Data for Student And Program Success EBOOK Data-Driven Educational Assessments Using Longitudinal Analysis BLOG Using Category Tagging to Educate with Intention EBOOK University of North Texas Case Study CASE STUDY PODCAST Why Locked Down Browsers Fail the Security Test EBOOK See ExamSoft in Action Request a Demo Contact us to learn more about ExamSoft's Digital Assessment Platform. About ExamSoft Why ExamSoft Events & Webinars Press Inquiries Who We Serve Allied Health Business Bar Passage Program Law Medical Nursing Resources Blog Case Study On-Demand Webinars Press Video White Paper Accessibility Statement Support +1 (866) 429-8889, ext. 1 © 2025 ExamSoft Worldwide LLC - All Rights Reserved English Arabic WEBSITE TERMS OF USE WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY PRODUCT PRIVACY POLICY DO NOT SELL EULA BIOMETRIC CONSENT HELP CENTER SPECIFICATIONS Support: +1 (866) 429-8889, ext. 1 Apple, the Apple logo, and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.