Evidence-based Analysis on Supplements & Nutrition | Examine Nutrition and supplement information you can trust Examine analyzes and summarizes research to determine which supplements and non-pharmaceutical interventions work. Learn how to use Examine . Explore Examine content See what the evidence shows. Information on Examine is organized into 26 health categories covering hundreds of conditions . Interventions like supplements and diets are evaluated based on measurable changes in specific outcomes like LDL and blood pressure . Conditions Anxiety ADHD Depression High Blood Pressure High Cholesterol View All Supplements & More Ashwagandha Creatine Curcumin Magnesium Melatonin View All Guides Optimal protein intake How to Read a Study Memory and Focus Muscle Gain Fat Loss View All Categories Diabetes & Blood Sugar Fat Loss Muscle Gain & Exercise Skin, Hair, & Nails Sleep View All Examine is built for everyone Health Care Professionals There’s never been more health information widely available than today. Yet it’s more difficult than ever to find trustworthy sources. With no ads or industry ties, you can be confident Examine provides only unbiased research analysis, perfect for your patients and clients. Academia We take information infrastructure as seriously as nerds can. Everything on Examine is cited, with further links available to all summarized studies, helping you get the information you need at the appropriate depth for your research and studies. Optimizing Health and Performance Examine is the home of cutting-edge research analysis. We summarize seven new studies every single day, keeping you ahead of the curve and maximizing your performance, training, and health optimization protocols. Chronic Health Conditions Health information can be overwhelming. We answer thousands of your most common questions to help you easily understand the nuance of specific health conditions. We get it: many of our team members are living life on hard mode, too. ExamineAI Meet ExamineAI! Our chatbot exclusively uses material already published on Examine to answer your questions. Everything we publish is still human-made from start to finish, but now it’s more accessible than ever. Try out ExamineAI About Examine Examine is the largest database of nutrition and supplement research on the internet. Founded in early 2011, Examine's mission is to analyze the full body of evidence to help you be healthier. As an educational organization, we are not affiliated with any supplement or food company, and our research team is contractually obligated to have no conflicts of interest. Learn more: About Examine | About our research process Explore the evidence Supplement Navigator Search by condition to find supplement efficacy, safety, and dosage information. Coming soon: See preview Safety Checker Tool Check supplement safety by reviewing supplement-drug interactions, side effects, population precautions, pregnancy/lactation risks , and more. Learn More About Pro Unlock Examine content for free Learn more about how Examine's evidence-based information helps you. Learn More Examine Database Get efficacy data for supplements, health conditions, and outcomes. Explore Database Research Feed Read summaries of the latest studies across 25 categories, or pick the categories that matter most to you. View Research Feed Supplement Guides Step-by-step directions on what supplements to take, how much, and when for specific health goals. Browse Guides © 2011– 2025 Examine.com Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service Get evidence-based info: About Examine About us Our story Our team Our research process Minimizing bias Jobs and opportunities Press API & data licensing Contact us Resources Organizations and group access Chrome extension Continuing education Examine Database Pregnancy and lactation safety Glossary How to read a study Optimal protein guide & calculator Referral & affiliate program Quick Links ExamineAI Supplements Health categories Health conditions and goals Frequently asked questions Health articles Latest site updates Get evidence-based info: Search Supplements Health Topics Try for free Try for free How to use How to use Login Sign up Try for free Login Search