exaroton - High-end on demand game servers by Aternos Pricing On demand Panel Features Regions Games Language English Deutsch Español Português Português Brasileiro Français Italiano Tiếng việt Filipino Polski Русский Čeština Indonesia Dansk Suomi Norsk Eesti Svenska Nederlands Afrikaans Türkçe Română Slovenščina Slovenčina Shqip Malti Galego Català Azərbaycanca Gaeilge Tagalog Українська български Lietuvių Latviešu Српски Srpski Hrvatski Ελληνικά Magyar Ирон עברית العَرَبِية فارسی اُردُو 繁體中文 简体中文 日本語 한국어 ไทย हिन्दी ქართული ენა Bahasa Melayu বাংলা Login Don't pay when you sleep. Don't pay when you eat. Don't pay when you are at school. Don't pay when you are at work. Don't pay when you don't play. Only pay to play. With our high-end on demand game servers. Try for free Get started No payment method required for trial Pricing Drawbacks of traditional hosting pricing models A disadvantage of traditional hosting services is their fixed monthly pricing, which can lead to users paying for resources they don't utilize. The missing flexibility makes it impossible to modify the allocated resources to fit the users needs. This requires users to pay for more resources to cover peak usage. 72h Running without players Reducing RAM not possible 2 GB RAM 4 GB RAM / 72h Subscription Here you can see the example usage of a gameserver on a traditional host, running all the time with a fixed amount of RAM. It’s not possible to turn the server off or reduce the allocated resources to reduce cost. Our pricing model: Adapting to your needs Gameservers on exaroton don't have a fixed monthly price. You are only charged for the time you actually use your server. Running a server on exaroton costs 1 credit per GB of RAM per hour. For example, if you select 2 gigabytes of RAM for your server and run it for 4 hours, you would pay 8 credits. 4h 8 credits 4 hours x 2 GB RAM = 8 credits ( ) 1h 8m 2.27 1h 8m x 2 GB RAM = 2.27 credits ( ) 2h 24m 9.60 credits 2h 24m x 4 GB RAM = 9.60 credits ( ) 4h 37m 9.23 credits 4h 37m x 2 GB RAM = 9.23 credits ( ) 2 GB RAM 4 GB RAM 23.45 credits ≈ / 72h This diagram shows example usage of a gameserver on exaroton which is offline during breaks to eat or sleep. The RAM is increased temporarily to cover higher player counts during a specific session. Storage: Up to 10 credits (≈ ) / 30 days We save your server for you while you are not playing. Used credits are deducted from the storage costs. Up to 10 GB can be stored per server. One simple price 1 credit / 1GB RAM  / 1 hour 100 credits = Get started More information On demand Make the best out of our flexible pricing by only running your server when you need it. We have some awesome features to help you manage your server on demand with ease. Get started Start by joining You can enable automatic starts to allow players to start your server by joining in-game. Automatic stop If you turn on the automatic shutdown feature, your server will automatically stop after a configurable amount of time once the last player leaves. Discord bot Add our bot to your Discord community and give other members permission to start or manage your server. API The exaroton API allows you to build your own integrations, giving you the power to manage server starts, stops, and more with ease. Get started by reading our API documentation . Panel Custom panel With exaroton's intuitive custom panel, setting up your dream server is as easy as one, two, play. No more juggling complicated configurations. Your server, your rules, made simple. Options Enjoy absolute simplicity in customizing your gameplay. Change game settings effortlessly, no files, no fuss - all thanks to exaroton's user-friendly interface. Player insights Master your Minecraft world with our player insights feature. exaroton lets you oversee the in-game happenings like never before. Keep track of Minecraft players, view inventories, and access in-depth player statistics. Stay informed and stay ahead in your game world. Backups Rest easy knowing your carefully crafted game world is safe. With exaroton, you can instantly save server backups to different cloud storage providers, e.g. Google Drive. It's simple, efficient, and designed with your gaming continuity in mind. Share access Enhance your gaming experience by sharing the power. With exaroton, you can delegate server management access to your fellow players. It's a seamless way to collaborate, ensuring your game world thrives, even when you're offline. Live statistics Stay informed and in control with live statistics at your fingertips. exaroton keeps you updated on key metrics such as player count, RAM usage, CPU usage, and TPS. It's an intuitive way to monitor your game world's performance and manage resources effectively. Log analysis Solve issues seamlessly with our automatic log analysis feature. With exaroton, finding and fixing the causes of server crashes has never been simpler. Just one click, and you're on your way to resolving server issues, ensuring your gaming adventures continue without any interruptions. exaroton.com Features Take your gaming to the next level with our innovative features. From seamless server management to top-tier security measures and easy mod installations, our platform delivers an unrivaled hosting experience. Get started Credit pools Share payments for your server with your friends in a safe way. World management Upload, download, or modify your world with the click of a button. Domains Give your server a unique identity with a custom domain name. Live console Get real-time insights and control of your server with our live console. Aternos Import Upgrade from Aternos to exaroton for enhanced features and keep your data. Player management Keep track of your players and manage their privileges with ease. DDOS Protected Your game server is fully DDOS protected to keep you safe from attacks. Excellent Support If you need help, we are here to help. Get Help Premium server regions We offer servers in multiple regions, ensuring the lowest ping and the best performance for your game server. North America Europe Europe North America Games Minecraft: Java Edition For Linux, MacOS and Windows Official Vanilla Official Snapshot For plugins PaperMC For plugins Purpur For plugins SpigotMC For mods Fabric For mods Forge For mods Neoforge For mods Quilt For plugins/mods Arclight Minecraft: Bedrock Edition For Playstation, Xbox, Switch, iOS, Android and Windows Official Vanilla Official Preview Edition For plugins PocketMine For plugins Nukkit 500+ Modpacks Ready to play with just one click Modpack RLCraft Modpack The Pixelmon Modpack Modpack SkyFactory 4 Modpack All the Mods 9 - ATM9 Modpack DawnCraft - An Adventure RPG Modpack Modpack Create: Above and Beyond Modpack Hexxit Updated Modpack StoneBlock Modpack DarkRPG - RPG Quest Magic & Origins Online Adventure Modpack The Pixelmon Mod Modpack All in One [Modded One Block] Modpack All the Mods 7 - To the Sky - atm7sky Modpack SevTech: Ages Modpack Crazy Craft Updated Modpack FTB StoneBlock 3 Modpack Create+ [Forge] Modpack FTB Presents Skyfactory 3 Modpack Kimetsu no Yaiba (Demon-Slayer) ModPack Modpack DarkRPG Forge - RPG, Quest, Origins, Magic, Online Adventure Modpack Hexxit II Modpack Last Days of Humanity Modpack BigChadGuys Plus Modpack Pokehaan Craft Modpack All the Mods 6 - ATM6 Modpack Roguelike Adventures and Dungeons Modpack Create Live 4 Modpack FTB Presents Stoneblock 2 Modpack Origins Adventure Modpack Valhelsia 3 Modpack Tekkit 2 Modpack FTB Skies Modpack Life in the village 3 Modpack All the Mods 8 - ATM8 Modpack InsaneCraft Modpack Modpack Dungeons, Dragons and Space Shuttles Modpack Horror Craft Modpack Advent of Ascension Plus Modpack Forever Stranded Modpack Kinda Crazy Craft 2.0 Modpack Divine Journey 2 Modpack All of Fabric 5 - AOF5 Modpack Cave Factory Modpack RogueLite Adventures and Dungeons What are you waiting for? Launch my server now Company Imprint Terms of service Privacy Policy © 2020-2026 Aternos GmbH Your browser is not supported. Most features will not work as expected. Please update your browser or install a different browser. Your browser is outdated and will not be supported in the future. Some features might not work as expected. Please update your browser or install a different browser. Okay