AI Enterprise Learning Management System | Intellum Don't Miss This Year's Education-Led Growth Summit Register Now Book a Demo Products Intellum LMS The world's most advanced AI-driven learning management system. Intellum Evolve Our loved and easy-to-use content authoring tool. Analytics & Insights Measure learning impact with data and insights. Integrations & API Connect your LMS to the rest of your tech stack. Services & Implementation Launch and scale learning success with professional services. Solutions Customer Education Drive retention and revenue with education. Partner Education Accelerate partner success with training. Employee & Field Performance Boost workforce skills and performance. Product Adoption & Onboarding Increase product adoption with education. Certifications at Scale Deliver training and certification at scale. Resources Blog Explore learning trends, strategies, and best practices. Case Studies See how leading brands succeed with Intellum. Reports & Resources Access Education-Led Growth research & guides. Webinar Library Learn from experts in live & on-demand sessions. Upcoming Events Connect with Intellum during these upcoming events. Company About Us Discover the mission and people behind Intellum. Partners Grow with Intellum's global partner ecosystem. Careers Shape the future of enterprise learning with Intellum. News Get the latest Intellum news and updates. Industries SaaS Scale your SaaS growth through education. Financial Services Ensure copmliance and build client trust. Retail Improve product knowledge and maximize sales. Security Deliver onboarding and compliance at scale. Manufacturing Improve safety and productivity with training. Products Intellum LMS The world's most advanced AI-driven learning management system. Intellum Evolve Our loved and easy-to-use content authoring tool. Analytics & Insights Measure learning impact with data and insights. Integrations & API Connect your LMS to the rest of your tech stack. Services & Implementation Launch and scale learning success with professional services. Solutions Customer Education Drive retention and revenue with education. Partner Education Accelerate partner success with training. Employee & Field Performance Boost workforce skills and performance. Product Adoption & Onboarding Increase product adoption with education. Certifications at Scale Deliver training and certification at scale. Resources Blog Explore learning trends, strategies, and best practices. Case Studies See how leading brands succeed with Intellum. Reports & Resources Access Education-Led Growth research & guides. Webinar Library Learn from experts in live & on-demand sessions. Upcoming Events Connect with Intellum during these upcoming events. Company About Us Discover the mission and people behind Intellum. Partners Grow with Intellum's global partner ecosystem. Careers Shape the future of enterprise learning with Intellum. News Get the latest Intellum news and updates. Industries SaaS Scale your SaaS growth through education. Financial Services Ensure copmliance and build client trust. Retail Improve product knowledge and maximize sales. Manufacturing Improve safety and productivity with training. Book a Demo AI Enterprise Learning Management System AI-first from the ground up The all-new Intellum LMS is built from the ground up with AI, leveraging 25 years of expertise running the world's largest and most successful programs. Platform features Personalized Learning Improve learner engagement and reduce time to mastery with the help of an AI tutor Segment audiences into specialized catalog, registration, and authentication experiences Deliver the most modern and easily branded UI used by top brands AI-powered Authoring Accelerate course authoring from source material Ensure human oversight and intervention Increase quality by automating Instructional Design best practices and evaluation Virtual classroom Easily manage complex scheduling and agendas with AI assistance Integrate with leading video conferencing and streaming solutions Streamline attendance tracking and reporting for virtual and in-person training Just in time learning Get answers quickly with personalized AI search Protect sensitive information with user-level permissioning Boost long-term memory with automated reinforcement Learning analytics Make reporting as easy as asking a question Track click-level user learning journeys, beyond the capabilities of legacy standards Visualize your data with automated trend analysis and health metrics Assessment and credentialing Deliver legally defensible certifications with modern credentialing Author questions in a fraction of the time with AI, ensuring better quality and coverage Enable next generation AI coaching and proctoring Gamification Motivate learners with the only reputation-based gamification engine Provide modern verifiable credentialing that is easy to share Run timely challenges that encourage social competition Learning management Automate user creation with segmentation for personalization and permission Simplify content setup and management, including skills and tags Create AI-assisted rules for learning requirements and enrollment requests Intellum AI Built from the ground up, not bolted on. The Intellum AI approach transforms the way creators, managers, and learners consume and manage learning. Creator Agent Quickly generate content and automate best practices to improve quality. Manager Agent Say what you want and watch it assign, automate workflows, and make reporting and analysis intuitive. Learner Agent Learn with a personal tutor that identifies gaps and supercharges learning. Experience tomorrow's learning today. Two years in the making, the all-new Intellum LMS is rebuilt from the ground up to fully leverage the generative and reasoning capabilities of foundational models in ways that bolted-on AI cannot. The new Intellum LMS is coming in early 2026, but Intellum Labs gives you early access to many of the fully rebuilt modules today. Powerful extensions Evolve Authoring Powerful theming and branding trusted by top brands Easily build the most powerful interactions Collaborate in real-time and automatically sync changes with Intellum LMS Explore Evolve Social Provide engaging social feeds to build community and reinforce learning Crowdsource answers or use AI with embeddable Q&A functionality Allow real-time chat for cohorts and event attendees Ecommerce Allow one-time purchase of courses or time-based subscription to catalogs Support regional pricing and taxation with the processing gateway of your choice Integrate credits and training accounts with your billing system Data Connector Access real-time data updates for all LMS data objects Integrate as a data source using your internal reporting or BI tools Connect program engagement data with private business outcome data Integrations that Scale Leverage over two decades of experience navigating complex challenges with leading enterprises. Connect to Salesforce, Workday, Okta, Zoom, Teams Sync with HRIS and CRM systems Automate with APIs and Pub/Sub events Flexible SSO and permission controls Explore Integrations Do more with less If your team struggles to keep up with the demands of an enterprise program, help is here. Explore Customer Success Stories 170% increase in learner engagement 70% faster content creation 2M + external learners enabled < 6 months to launch training globally 73K hours saved in compliance admin Trusted by Fortune 500 companies From global technology leaders to healthcare organizations, the world's most demanding enterprises rely on Intellum to power their learning programs. Enterprise-grade security SOC 2 Type II certified 99.9% uptime SLA Guranteed Availability 24/7 support Expert Assistance always Get started with Intellum Explore how Intellum can help you transform enterprise learning. Get a Personalized Demo Watch 2-Min Overview Intellum and Studion Partner to Build Deeply Engaging, Scalable Digital Learning Experiences News What Great Employee Training Programs Look Like in 2026 Blog How KINESSO Supercharged Product Adoption and Certification with Intellum Case Study Products Intellum LMS Intellum Evolve Analytics & Insights Integrations & API Services & Implementation Solutions Customer Education Partner Education Employee & Field Performance Product Adoption & Onboarding Certifications at Scale Resources Blog Case Studies Reports & Resources Webinar Library Upcoming Events Newsletter Partner's Portal Company About Us Partners Careers Book a Demo Submit Your RFP Contact Us News Industries SaaS Financial Services Retail Manufacturing Intellum © 2025 All Rights Reserved Privacy Terms Cookie Settings