Home - Exceptionless Tour Why? Pricing News Docs Log In Sign Up Don't let your users walk away in frustration Discover errors in your app you never knew were happening and use detailed error reports to
                        squash them with ease. Make your app Exceptionless! Sign up for FREE! Exceptionless makes error reporting a breeze Simply install the client and begin collecting unhandled exceptions right away. Use our fluent
                        API to send additional details about critical errors and be notified immediately. Take the Tour Report Logs, Feature Usages, and more! You can send any type of event to your Exceptionless dashboard. Create tags for organization, and
                        you've got a robust event logging system! Sign up for
                        FREE! Fork Us! Exceptionless is Open Source Join the community and help us make the software world a better place. Collaborate, give
                        feedback, report bugs, and host Exceptionless yourself - for free. Fork Us on GitHub! What Is Exceptionless? The definition of the word exceptionless is: to be without exception . Our product provides real-time error, feature, and log reporting for your ASP.NET, Web API, WebForms, WPF, Console, and MVC apps. It organizes the gathered information into simple actionable data that will help your app become exceptionless. Best of all, it’s open source ! Error notifications , including critical and regressions Easily see top errors and prioritize them Intelligent grouping of exceptions, logs, and features Dashboard with event stats and trends Detailed error reports, including stacktrace Add any custom objects to your events Unlimited users per organization Mark exceptions as fixed , monitor for regressions Real-time view of events as they happen Ability to mark events as being critical Supports offline and occasionally connected scenarios Easy setup in less than 5 minutes How Does It Work? 1. Create a free account Signup in seconds – No credit card required › 2. Install the client Install the Exceptionless client from NuGet › 3. See your exceptions Done – Start tracking & fixing those exceptions! Sign Up For FREE Now! What People Are Saying About Us You Rock! September 24, 2020 Congrats! Can't imagine writing an app without you guys. September 16, 2020 @Exceptionless I've been working with this product for 3 years. It's awesome! September 9, 2020 // Quick Links Home Tour Why? Pricing News Docs Contact GitHub About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy // Stay In Touch There are real people behind Exceptionless, so if you have a question or suggestion (no matter how small) please get in touch with us: Twitter Facebook GitHub © 2023 Exceptionless