Product
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Partners
Contact
Log in
Start free trial
Consistent, compliant email signatures—without the IT headaches

Stop wasting time on scripts, policies, and support tickets. Exclaimer automates signatures across Microsoft 365, Google Workspace, and Exchange in minutes.

Get started for free
Book a demo
Trusted by 9 million email accounts worldwide
Automate organization-wide email signatures in minutes

Exclaimer gives IT teams everything they need to standardize email signatures once and for all. Never wrestle with native mail flow rules, Append Footer settings, complex scripts, or Group Policy, and stop chasing users and support tickets just to keep signatures consistent.

Get started
Built for IT
Powerful for business

Exclaimer makes email signature management frictionless for IT and delivers a big impact across your entire organization.

IT
MARKETING
SALES
CUSTOMER SUCCESS
HR
Exclaimer for IT

Create different email signature templates for specific users and departments, with their own rules.

Automatically sync contact details with Azure Active Directory or Google Directory.

Reduce your workload by allowing non-IT teams to manage signature design and implementation.

Keep full control and admin privileges using role-based access control.

Monitor, analyze, and report on email signature usage in your organization.

Explore Exclaimer for IT
Branded virtual meeting backgrounds

Meeting Branding gives every employee a professional background and personalized nametag on video calls, all easily controlled from one central dashboard.

Explore Meeting Branding
You’re in safe hands

We’re the proud holders of multiple industry certifications for our security and compliance standards.

Learn more about security
Email signatures solved in four steps

Launch ﻿your account

Setup is simple and straightforward, with best-in-class support available

Create your first si﻿gnature

Choose from our pro-designed templates or build your own with a simple, drag-and-drop interface.

Configure﻿ deployment

Quickly set email signature policies for all users, across all devices

Delegat﻿e with zero risk

Role Based Access Controls (RBAC) allow departments to customize signatures without help from IT

Get started for free
Explore the product

Exclaimer eliminates complexity—even in challenging regulated environments.

Product Tour

Start your interactive product tour

See Exclaimer in action
Microsoft 365

Centrally manage Microsoft 365 email signatures

Manage M365 signatures
Microsoft Exchange

Simplify email signature management in any Microsoft Exchange environment

Signatures for Exchange
Google Workspace

Centrally manage email signatures in Google Workspace

Manage Google signatures
Integrations
Salesforce
HubSpot
Microsoft Bookings
Calendly
Chili Piper
LinkedIn
Facebook
View all integrations
No one handles more email signatures than Exclaimer

Exclaimer created the first-ever email signature software in 2001. We're in over nine million outboxes, at companies like Sony, Mattel, Bank﻿ of America, NBC, the Government of Canada, and the BBC.

Industry-leading security

Exclaimer is the only email signature software with both SOC II Type 2 and ISO 27001, and ISO 27018 certifications.

Resilien﻿t architecture

Our platform is hosted in 14 Azure data centers in seven regions around the world, with automatic failover and 99.99% uptime.

Award-win﻿ning UX

A G2 Top 10 Best Software Product, with 1,000+ reviews and a 9.2/10 usability score. 9.2/10 on TrustRadius.

Why industry leaders choose Exclaimer

Score 4.5 of 5

"A signature management tool that works faultlessly"

Prior to discovering Exclaimer Cloud, our small business was using homemade templates in Microsoft365 which failed to produce the results we wanted across the range of devices our...

See all G2 reviews

Score 9.2 of 10

"Decent email signature manager with great flexibility"

Our company basically has 4 separate business units that need to appear "somewhat" cohesive while also still remaining separate and free to create their own email signatures. Excla...

See all TrustRadius reviews

Score 4.6 of 5

"Excellent service, takes all the hassle out of Office 365 Signatures!"

Simple pricing shown on their website rather than having to request a quote. Simple to set up with automated systems to configure your account and Office 365, linking the two toget...

See all SourceForge reviews

Score 4.5 of 5

"Auto organisational signatures, bye bye messy signatures"

The integration with Office 365 is excellent. The template editor lets you have different signatures for different users, departments or groups. You can change the email signatures...

See all Software Advice reviews

Score 4.5 of 5

"Professional signatures, very versatile"

The features I most use are the signature tester and troubleshooters, which can help you to determine what signature a particular user will get when sending to certain recipients....

See all Capterra reviews
Email matters
Make every message count

The most important communications happen over email. Go with the most trusted email signature software on the market.

Start free trial
Book a demo

The leading email signature management solution

Start free trial

No credit card required

New to Exclaimer

Overview
Get a demo
Pricing
Join partner network
Newsletter sign-up
Product tour

Comparisons

Exclaimer vs Wisestamp
Exclaimer vs Codetwo
Exclaimer vs Letsignit
Exclaimer vs Opensense

Product

Product overview
Integrations
Security
Office 365
Google Workspace
Microsoft Exchange

Features

All features
Cloud deployment
Device deployment
Directory sync
Video backgrounds

Solutions

IT
Marketing
HR
Sales
Customer success
Executives
All industries

Use cases

Manage email signatures
Guarantee email compliance
Brand consistency
Marketing campaigns
Internal comms

Resources

Customer stories
Blog
Events & webinars
eBooks
Industry insights
Videos
Email signature generator

Support

Help center
Support
Contact us
Legal
Pay invoice
Sitemap

Company

About
Press
Careers
Awards
English

©  2025 Exclaimer. All rights reserved.

Terms of service
Privacy policy
Cookie policy