Exetel One nbn Plan - One Price Incompatible Devices - Emergency Calling (000) Update - more info here . Internet Mobile Help & Support Business About Us ONE PLAN. ONE PRICE. NO TRICKS. NO TRAPS. The One Plan is the one price with no promo traps, and no need to switch after 6 months. Enjoy nbn broadband speeds of 500/50Mbps (Typical Evening Speeds 500/40Mbps) for just $80/mth. Trusted by customers Switch made simple Signing up to Exetel is quick and easy. So, you’ll be online before you know it. We’re online daily Chat with our experts daily from 9am–9pm (AEST) — even on Christmas! Go to Warp Speed For an extra $1/day, you can Warp Speed up to 1000/100 Mbps. Hibernate and save Less speed, more savings—Hibernate and save a dollar a day. Refer a Friend Get $1/month off each while you’re both Exetel Broadband customers. T&Cs apply. eSIM only plan Get talking sooner with fast eSIM activation. INTRODUCING THE ONE The only broadband nbn internet plan you’ll ever need, whether working from home, streaming, gaming, or memeing, this is The One for you. Plus, with Warp Speed and Hibernate you’ll enjoy the flexibility to internet your way. The internet plan The features What can 500/50 do for you? With fast internet, you can download files, stream your fave shows, and scroll socials quicker – so you spend less time buffering and more time doing what you love online. Hibernate Going on a holiday or taking a tech break? Dial your internet speed down and save $1 /day when you don’t need it—giving you peace of mind and extra savings while you’re offline. Warp Speed 2X faster For an additional $1/ day you can upgrade your internet speed to 1000Mbps anytime you want. Need to download a big file in a hurry or binge watch a streaming series in 4K? Go for Warp Speed. TES: 860/85 Mbps. Critical Information Summary | Fact Sheet Ideal for working from home Say goodbye to the awkward, unflattering mid-meeting freeze screen. And say hello to Exetel One Plan. Suitable for online gaming Gamers rejoice! Exetel One Plan's got your back and your game! Live stream movies and tv shows in 4K Wait, Darth Vader is whose dad? Watch the whole movie and avoid office spoilers. Online shopping, social media, and browsing Fast enough to bag those ageing rockstar's third farewell tour tickets. Be THAT friend, with Exetel. THE PLUS ONE ESIM PLAN For streaming, scrolling, or group chat roasting - Plus One pre-paid eSIM plan is always down. Big data, fast speeds, and zero clinginess. The mobile plan The features Double Data (limited time offer) Get 260GB for the price of 130GB for the first 6 recharges with our Double Data offer. Double your data, double the fun. eSIM No need to wait by the mailbox. Get your eSIM delivered to you digitally so you can activate in minutes. Data Bank Don't waste unused data. With Data Bank, your leftover gigs roll over up to a massive 1000GB ready for when you need them. Critical Information Summary eSim ready Great for switching carriers, supporting multiple numbers, and offering better security. eSIM compatibility Fast 5G network* Stream music, news, sport, video and movies on the move. All the entertainment you need, delivered super-fast and right to your phone. *Speed caps apply Bank unused data With a massive 130GB every 30 days and a data bank of 1000GB. Nothing goes to waste. No lock-in contract Have the freedom of a no lock-in eSIM-only plan that gives you great value and data allowances. Unlimited calls and texts, anywhere in Australia! With our eSIM-only plan, you get unlimited calls and texts across Australia – no worries! What customers are saying about us Exetel extras Manage your service in the app We've created an app where you can manage your account, activate Warp Speed & Hibernate and even pay your bills! Refer a friend to get a discount Get your loved ones onboard and you both get $1 off your internet bill. Featured articles Wi-Fi When to upgrade your Wi-Fi router If your router’s not pulling its weight anymore, it might be time for an upgrade. Have a squiz here to see if you’re due for a new one. July 1, 2025 Internet Everything you need to know about FTTP (Fibre to the Premises) If you’re looking for the best internet connection, Fibre to Premises is your guy. Have a squiz at the FTTP perks below. July 1, 2025 Internet Why Exetel’s The One plan is a no-brainer Been shopping for an internet plan right for you? Well, the search is over. July 1, 2025 Internet Unlock the Power of Exetel’s 500/50 nbn Plan Still unsure about switching? Here’s some of the great stuff you can do with Exetel’s NBN plan. July 1, 2025 Previous slide Next slide Everything you need to know Find the answers to frequently asked questions here. nbn plan Mobile plan Available subject to qualification Plan inclusions, prices and promotional offers advertised may not be available at all addresses. The service qualification address check is only a preliminary result of plans and prices available in your area. Please note that the result may vary, together with plans, prices and promotions available at your address, as we process your order and connection. New development charges As of the 2nd of April 2016, NBN Co have implemented a $300 nbn New Development Fee to be charged on the first connection to a premises in an NBN Co designated New Development Area. This fee may be applied to each new premises requiring an nbn® connection. This includes, but is not limited to, new dwellings, lots under reconstruction, and new buildings requiring a new mailing address. We will inform you upon signup if this fee may apply. Network Termination Device NTD stands for Network Termination Device—basically, the box that connects your nbn™ service to the network. It receives the internet signal and sends it on to your modem or router. Without the NTD, you won’t be able to get online! This connection box may look a bit different dependent on the technology available at your address and the device requires power to operate. Please note: This device is separate to your modem. Medical disclaimer Your nbn service will not work during a power outage. This means that you will not be able to make any calls using a service which relies on an active internet service to work (such as VoIP). Medical/security alarms; If you have a Back to Base Security Alarm or Medi-Alert connected to your phone service, it's important you contact your medical or security provider to check if they're compatible with the nbn service and identify what alternatives are available. You'll need to arrange this before we move you to the nbn network, or your alarm may not work. Medical and Security Alarms If you have a Security Alarm or Medical Alarm connected to your service, it’s important you contact your medical or security provider to check if they’re compatible with the nbn service and identify what alternatives are available. With the nbn network being fully built and operational and the completion of mass disconnection from the legacy copper network, nbn closed the Medical Alarm Register on Friday 30 June 2023: https://www.nbnco.com.au/learn/device-compatibility/medical-alarms nbn services are not available to all areas or premises. nbn, NBN co and other nbn logos and brands are trademarks of nbn co limited and used under licence. Typical Evening Speeds Explained Typical Evening Speed (TES) is the average speed experienced by a representative group of users between the hours of 7pm and 11pm. It is not a guaranteed minimum speed and past performance is not an indication of expected future speed. The actual speed you will experience depends on many factors, like your access technology, the total demand on the network, local internet traffic, the performance of your wireless network and devices and your physical line condition. For more information see: about nbn™ speeds . Payment Information A payment verification charge of $1 may be debited from your account at the time of sale. This will be credited back to you on your first invoice. Payments made by Credit card incur a 1% transaction fee. You can avoid this fee by selecting to pay via PayTo. This option is available in your Exetel app after order confirmation, under Payment and Invoices.  If you are experiencing financial hardship, please contact us via our website . Cancelling Your Internet Service Want to cancel your service? There’s no need to give us 30 days’ notice – though you’ll be charged for the rest of the billing cycle. For example, if your cycle starts on the 1st and you cancel on the 14th, you'll be charged for the full month. Alternatively, you can choose to ride out the service until the end of the billing cycle. Once you set your cancellation date, any Warp Speed fees or Hibernate credits from that cycle will be added to your final bill which can be paid via the app. After everything is processed, we’ll send you a receipt. Acceptable Usage Policy Plans with unlimited data or call allowances are subject to Exetel's Internet Acceptable Use Policy . About Warp Speed Want to download a hefty file or stream your favourite show in 4K? Our Warp Speed feature has you covered. For just $1 extra per day, you can blast your nbn speed to 1000/100 Mbps (Typical Evening Speed: 860/85 Mbps) whenever you need it. Simply open the mobile app and use the Warp Speed dial to choose how many days you’d like the increase. Once activated—usually within 15 minutes—your speed jumps instantly. After the selected period ends, your connection returns to normal automatically. You’ll be charged the extra $1 for a 24-hour interval for each day Warp Speed is active. You can find more info about Warp Speed on our website. About Hibernate? If you’re heading out of town, or just want to disconnect for a while, you can dial back your current internet service and save $1 a day. Using the Exetel mobile app, click Hibernate ‘ON’ and your internet service will slow down from 12am the next day. To stop Hibernate, head back into the app and turn Hibernate ‘OFF’, your service will reactivate, and your standard rate will be billed that same day. You can find more info about the Hibernate feature on our website. Refer a friend Why not spread the Exetel love?  Refer a friend to 'The One Plan', and when they sign up, you’ll both get $1 off your monthly bill, each month for as long as they stay connected. There is no limit to how many friends you can refer, so feel free to share with the group chat. However, if either of you decide to leave the ‘The One Plan’, the discount will be removed for both parties. For more details, click through to our website . BYO Modem With Bring Your Own (BYO) Modem, you can continue using your current modem when switching broadband providers. No need for a new one! For modem setup instructions, visit our set up guide here . Disclaimer: If your modem is locked to a provider, it may not work. What is Exetel nbn The One Plan? Exetel’s The One Plan is a streamlined internet service designed for households with 6 or more people. It offers a plan speed of 500/50Mbps and a typical evening speed of 500/40Mbps and unlimited data for $80/ month. This plan operates by subscription billing, meaning you’ll simply receive a payment receipt rather than a traditional invoice. With no lock-in contracts and the ability to dial back (Hibernate) or blast (Warp Speed) your internet, The One Plan is highly flexible, quick, and easy to activate. I am an Exetel customer with old plans, how can I switch to Exetel The One internet plan? If you’re already an Exetel customer and would like to switch to The One Plan, check your eligibility by entering your address through the website (note: some places may not be eligible due to the environment or technology available in the area). If your address is eligible, download the app (if you haven’t already) and follow the prompts to change your plan. If you cannot upgrade through the app, contact us through our website to chat with our friendly chatbot. I am an Exetel customer with The One internet plan, can I get an Exetel nbn plan for another address? Yes. You can have multiple The One plans active across different addresses. However, these plans can only be paid for and activated one at a time. Will my Home VoIP or Home phone still work if I switch to Exetel One internet plan? Unfortunately, not. Customers with VoIP are not eligible for Exetel’s The One Plan. VoIP or home phones are not sold on this plan. If a customer has VoIP with a 3rd party provider, they will need to check compatibility with that provider. My address is eligible for nbn fibre upgrade, can I get an Exetel nbn plan? If your current address relies on outdated copper wiring that can’t support faster speeds, we can upgrade you to high-speed fibre, giving you access to The One Plan. Simply use our address checker to see if you’re eligible. To qualify for a standard FREE* nbn Fibre to the Premises (FTTP) connection upgrade, eligible Fibre to the Node (FTTN) or Fibre to the Curb (FTTC), you will need to order The One plan. For more details, visit the nbn fibre upgrade page on our website. *Free standard fibre upgrade only. See T&Cs for more information. If my address has FTTC, FTTN, FTTB, FTF or nbn FW connection, can I get Exetel NBN plan? Unfortunately, our internet plan is not available for this connection type. The good news is that our friends at Superloop offer a wide range of affordable internet plans that would suit your address. Visit Superloop . What is CG-NAT? Carrier-Grade Network Address Translation is a method of sharing a single unique public Internet Protocol (IP) address with multiple customer internet services. This allows internet providers to extend their pool of remaining Internet Protocol Version 4 (IPv4) addresses. Why is Exetel changing to CG-NAT? Globally, the pool of available IPv4 addresses will soon be exhausted, so Exetel has chosen to use CG-NAT as a way to share the limited supply of public IPv4 addresses ahead of full deployment of IPv6. All Exetel One plans come with a dynamic IPv6 address at no extra cost. It’s great for things like remote access, hosting servers, and online gaming. Bonus data offer - Plus One 5G plan The Bonus Data Offer is available for new Mobile Voice services placed between 12 November 2025 and 3 February 2026 (and activated by 17 February 2026). You will receive the bonus data allowance as advertised above, for use in your first six 30-day recharge periods. Any unused data will be rolled over into your Data Bank up to your existing data bank allowance. This offer is only available on our Plus One 5G plans. See our full Terms & Conditions . How data allowances work? Whether you're downloading or uploading, as you use your data, we count each session in kilobytes (1,024 bytes). This means you get more usage out of your total data plan each month than if we counted in megabytes. That means your data goes further. Exetel mobile plan comes with a monthly allowance of measured in gigabytes, which is 1,024 megabytes. Exceeding your data allowance If you do happen to exceed your monthly data allowance and your Data Bank is empty, Exetel will automatically block your data usage. If you want your data to keep flowing, you can, or you can recharge (or upgrade) your plan early and get another plan allowance for another 30 days. Recharging when you run out of data can be done manually when you want to recharge or you can set it to be done Automatically to save you the hassle, the choice is yours. About no lock-in No lock-in means you can cancel your mobile service at any time. Cancelling your service If you'd like to cancel your service but keep your mobile number, you'll need to port it to another provider before cancelling with us. Once that's done, log in to the app and follow the prompts. We'll then send a confirmation to your email. Exetel acceptable use policy Plans with unlimited call or text allowances are subject to Exetel's mobile service acceptable use policy. You can read our Acceptable Use Policy here . Payment Information A payment verification charge of $1 may be debited from your account at the time of sale. This will be credited back to you on your first invoice. Payments made by Credit card incur a 1% transaction fee. You can avoid this fee by selecting to pay via PayTo. This option is available in your Exetel app after order confirmation, under Payment and Invoices.  If you are experiencing financial hardship, please contact us via our website . National calls and standard SMS Enjoy unlimited national calls and texts with our prepaid plan. The plan operates on a 30-day cycle and includes auto-recharge for your convenience. Any unused data will roll over into your Data Bank, with a maximum of up to 1000GB for the Plus One 130GB plan. You'll also get unlimited standard calls and SMS within Australia. If you're on the 5G Value, Extra-Value, Choice, Plus and Max Plan, this benefit extends to 15 selected international countries. These countries are: Bangladesh, Canada, China, Greece, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, UK and USA. If your plan does not include this feature, you can change plans within the Exetel app. How data consumption works At the end of each pre-paid voice plan validity period (30 days), any unused data will be credited to the Data Bank. There is up to 1000GB maximum upper capacity limit for the Data Bank for the Plus One 130GB plan. Any attempts to credit data to the Data Bank that has a balance of 1000GB will fail. If you downgrade your Exetel mobile pre-paid voice plan, the Data Bank balance will be lost/forfeited and reset to zero. In a downgrade scenario, unused plan or Add-on data will be credited to the new Data Bank balance after the reset to zero. When you use the data service associated with your pre-paid mobile voice service, the data usage/consumption priority is as follows: Bonus Data / Add On data (if applicable) Included Plan Data Allowance Data Bank Network details Exetel acts as a reseller of telecommunication services and we use the networks of a number of principal carriers, including part of the 5G and 4G mobile network and capabilities of Telstra Corporation Limited, to provide these services. The mobile solution of Exetel Prepaid Mobile Voice Plans provide a 5G coverage footprint of 75%, a 4G coverage footprint of 97.9% and a combined 5G and 4G coverage footprint of more than 98.8% of the Australian population covering 1.62 million square kilometres. The mobile solution of Exetel Prepaid Mobile Voice Plans have extensive breadth and depth of coverage and support by a quality network. The mobile solution of Exetel Prepaid Mobile Voice Plans underpinned by over 3,200 5G and 8,800 4G sites. The network capability of Exetel’s mobile solution has access to download speeds of up to 250Mbps on 5G across 75% of the population. 5G devices will enjoy typical download speeds of 10-250Mbps and upload speeds of 1 to 40 Mbps in 5G coverage areas. Your speeds will also vary due to factors such as device capabilities, location, distance from the base station, local terrain, user numbers, hardware and software configuration, download source / upload destination and network management measures. Reference: Telstra Wholesale (2025) Coverage Map . Telstra Wholesale. Available at: https://www.telstrawholesale.com.au/products/mobiles/coverage.html (Accessed: 1 September 2025). Important information about scams Scam activity is on the rise in Australia. Scammers are using a wider array of methods, techniques, and communication avenues to reach unsuspecting victims. They are also becoming more refined at impersonating legitimate government departments, businesses, and organisations to attempt to gain access to your money and personal information. Learn more about scams and how to protect yourself here . Mobile device compatibility To ensure you have the best possible mobile experience, please ensure your mobile device is compatible with eSIM and the following frequency bands: Minimum device specification = Main Band capability Optimal device specification = Main + Additional Capacity Bands 4G - LTE Data Main Band 700MHz (B28) Additional Capacity Bands 1800MHz (B3) 2100MHz (B1) 2600MHz (B7) 5G - Data (from 4 July 2022) Main Band 3600MHz (n78) Additional Capacity Bands 850MHz (n5) 2600MHz (n7) 26GHz (n258) Want to quickly check if eSIM will work on your device? Simply dial *#06#. If your phone supports eSIM, you’ll see a 32-digit EID number like this one. The following devices are not eSIM ready: Samsung Galaxy A13 5G, Samsung Galaxy A13 4G, Samsung Galaxy A15 5G, Samsung Galaxy A35 5G Motorola moto g62 5G OPPO a53s How to activate my eSIM connection? Once your service is activated, follow these steps to set up your eSIM in the Exetel app: eSIM on iOS device Make sure you're connected to Wi-Fi. Login to the Exetel app. Tap 'Set up your eSIM' - your device will guide you through the setup. We don't control the next steps, so make sure to follow the prompts carefully. If you are setting up the eSIM on another iOS device Install the Exetel app on that device, log in, and follow the on-screen instructions. eSIM on an android device Make sure you're connected to the Wi-Fi. Open this email on a second device (such as a laptop or tablet), then open the attachment to display the QR code. With the device you want the eSIM to be installed on, use the camera to scan the QR code. Follow the on-screen prompts – your device will guide you through the setup. We don't control the next steps, so make sure to follow the prompts carefully. How long will it take to activate my eSIM service? If you’re transferring your number, the process can take between 15 minutes to 4 hours for your number to port to our network. Please note that porting is only available between 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. (Standard Time) from Monday to Friday, and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. (Standard Time) on Saturday, Easter Monday, King’s Birthday and Boxing Day. If you start the port outside these hours, it will be queued until porting hours resume. How many eSIM Only plans can I purchase? You can purchase up to 5 eSIM Only plans. However, not all at once. Can I do Global Roaming with Exetel eSIM Only Plans? Unfortunately, Exetel eSIM Only Plans do not offer Global Roaming. I need to replace my eSIM If your SIM is lost or damaged, you can easily order a new eSIM through the Exetel app. Simply log in, confirm eSIM compatibility with your device, place your order and activate your new eSIM. How can I transfer my eSIM to another mobile phone? To set up the eSIM on another device, install theExetel app on that device, log in, and follow the on-screen instructions. Ensure you're connected to Wi-Fi during the process. What will happen if I use up all of my data? Your mobile prepaid service is set to auto-recharge every 30 days by default. You can choose to disable this within the app however enabling this ensures your service will auto-recharge when you run out of data mid-cycle. How can I change my plan? To change your existing Exetel plan to the Plus One 130GB plan, open the app, and choose whether to activate it immediately or at the end of your billing cycle. A new allowance cycle will begin on your chosen date, and your plan will auto-recharge every 30 days. Can I tether my Exetel mobile service? Tethering on any Exetel mobile plan is as simple as connecting your phone (via cable, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi) to your tablet/computer and clicking search. Tethering is active by default on all plans to make it easy to use your service however you want to use it. When you connect your phone to another device, it will provide you the ability to share your mobile data connection to access the internet. By tethering your device, you will use your included data allowance. Can I set up a Call diversion? Exetel mobile plans allow you to setup a call diversion on your mobile, to any Australian fixed line or mobile number. Any diversion charges are part of your included voice allowance. How does SMS Scam Filter work? How does it work The new capability is designed to find and block malicious SMS with suspicious links or a telephone number as they travel across our wholesalers’ network, stopping them before they reach your mobile phone. It’s another tool in the fight against SMS scams and extends our wholesalers’ industry-leading  Cleaner Pipes initiative that helps protect our customers from scam phone calls and messages, and computer intrusions. This capability is complex but in simple terms it applies knowledge of what a malicious SMS looks like as it travels across our wholesalers’ network and if it looks suspicious it will block the SMS sent to you by taking a copy of the SMS for our messaging team to review and confirm it is malicious before blocking further malicious messages with the same criteria or near matches. It does this by automatically machine scanning the content of messages travelling on our wholesalers’ network to find suspicious patterns and characteristics, along with other data including time, sender, number of messages sent, and recipient. Suspicious SMS are reviewed [by experts] to identify if the message is a scam (the details of the recipients remain masked). If a scam is identified, the technology will block future messages with the same criteria or near matches. The capability does not offer a fool-proof solution to scams; criminals evolve and find new methods to attempt to scam Australians. For example, if they guess our wholesaler has blocked a message that has a suspicious link, they will try to change the characteristics of the SMS to avoid being blocked. You must continue to be alert to the possibility that when you receive an unexpected message, that it may not be genuine and not click on links. Will it block a message that I wanted to receive? Our wholesaler cannot guarantee 100% accuracy of the scam filter so there is a very small chance that a legitimate message will not be delivered. During their trial, they have not received any substantiated complaints about legitimate messages being blocked. However, if you are sending legitimate messages and have evidence that they are not being delivered or you have evidence you have had a legitimate message blocked, please contact our business mobile support team and we’ll raise a fault ticket with our wholesale supplier. Could high-volume messages be mistaken for scams? Legitimate commercial messaging sources are excluded from blocking. This means that SMS sent on our wholesalers’ network by banks and other businesses, government departments, Emergency Alerts, and applications like MessageBank and system notifications from our wholesalers’ Mobile Network or IT Platforms are not scanned and will not be blocked. Some scammers use our wholesalers’ handset plans to send high volumes of traffic in breach of the Acceptable Use Policy. Messages sent from a service on a mobile plan will be scanned and may be considered potential scam. Our wholesaler has not received any substantiated complaints about legitimate messages being blocked since the Scam SMS service has been launched. Do I have to do anything to have this feature added to my device? No, our wholesaler has turned it on across their mobile network and there is no need for you to do anything to receive the benefits of blocking malicious SMS. Our wholesaler won’t send you an email or text to click on a link to opt in or out – if you receive one of these it will be a scam so they should not click on the link. How will the opt out feature work? When activated, our wholesaler expects the SMS scam filter will block millions of malicious SMS messages sent to customers on their wholesale network per day. Most customers will enjoy the benefit and not wish to opt out. All Exetel (Telstra) mobile customers have this technology turned on by default. To opt-out, send an SMS to 0438 214 682 with the words FILTER OFF. To opt back in, send an SMS to 0438 214 682 with the words FILTER ON. How will one of your customers know if the opt-out or opt-in has worked properly? When you send an SMS to 0438 214 682 you will receive an automated response as follows: Text message from SMS Scam Filter to respond to FILTER ON from customer The SMS Scam Filter is now activated for your mobile service. This technology is designed to reduce the number of SMS Scam messages delivered to your mobile service. You can opt out of this service by texting FILTER OFF to 0438214682. Text message from SMS Scam Filter to respond to FILTER OFF from customer The SMS Scam Filter is now OFF for this service. To turn on, text FILTER ON to 0438214682. Text to respond to FILTER STATUS (whichever is appropriate) The SMS Scam Filter is now OFF for this service. To turn on, text FILTER ON to 0438214682. The SMS Scam Filter is now ON for this mobile service. This technology is designed to reduce the number of SMS Scam messages delivered to your mobile service. You can opt out of this service by texting FILTER OFF to 0438214682. Text to respond to any other input Sorry, the command you sent wasn’t recognised. Please send a message that contains one of the following commands: FILTER ON - opt in for the Scam Filter FILTER OFF - opt out of the Scam Filter FILTER STATUS - display current applied status of the Scam Filter It won’t stop all scam messages, correct? If so, how can you report scams that slip through? To be clear, the scam filter will not be blocking unsolicited or unwanted commercial messages ("spam"). Legitimate businesses are obliged to let you stop their marketing, typically by replying STOP. The scam filter is designed to block malicious SMS aiming to trick you into calling the scammers or clicking on a malicious link. The scam filtering platform has a demonstrated history of accurately blocking scam messages for other mobile operators. Messages will only be blocked if verified to be part of a scam campaign, against agreed criteria and with support from our cyber and scam experts. What human intervention is used, or is it all AI? The technology requires some degree of manual review by people. A small internal technical team in Australia (at our wholesaler) reviews a sample of suspected scam messages including the hyperlink. The recipient data is removed to protect privacy before the suspicious content is manually reviewed. If the team identifies a message as scam, they will fine tune the technology to block future messages with the same criteria or near matches unless the recipient has opted out. This manual confirmation helps reduce the risk that legitimate messages are blocked. The platform is also set up so it cannot be used for any other purpose. It is secured to the same high standard as the rest of our wholesalers’ network, with access restricted and logged. Can the scam filter system be applied to other messaging apps like WhatsApp, or is it just SMS? The SMS scam filter can only be applied to SMS on services on the Telstra Wholesale mobile network. It will not be applied for "over the top" messaging applications like iMessage, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, or end-to-end encrypted services. If you receive a scam using one of those applications, you should report it to the operator of the service. Will you be blocking unsolicited political messages? Politicians, charities, and religious organisations are some of the organisations and entities that have exemptions to the Spam Act. They will not be blocked under this platform / the SMS scam filter. If things aren’t working out: If you do not want to be involved at any time with this technology, that's okay. Just send a text message with the words "FILTER OFF" to 0438 214 682 to opt- out of the filter setting. Will my SMS and related metadata stay in Australia? Yes. Your communications including SMS and attached metadata will remain located in Australia on Telstra Wholesale infrastructure. Security on the Telstra Wholesale Mobile Network The Telstra Wholesale Mobile Network uses industry-leading cyber security measures to help protect you from scams and fraud. The network is monitored 24/7 to help protect network data from suspicious activity and can block malicious content before it gets to you. Of course, you also need to take action to help ensure your data stays private. Why did we need to wait for the government to legislate/make changes? Identifying and blocking malicious SMS on our wholesalers’ network is permitted. Our wholesaler has undertaken a coordinated response with Government, who made new regulations to give industry more clarity and confidence and the authority to detect and block malicious SMS scams, to improve the cyber resilience of their networks. Is any of the data reported to the Government or regulatory bodies, if so what and to who? Telstra Wholesale regularly shares information on the latest scam techniques and campaigns to support the government in their efforts to combat scams and cybercrime. Any information they share for this purpose is anonymised and aggregated e.g., sample of scam SMS, or volumes of suspected scam SMS messages observed on our network. No customer information is provided. Are all telecommunications providers using the same product? If not, why? The product used for identifying and blocking malicious SMS is available commercially, and there are other similar products in market. Telstra Wholesale are focused on delivering this protection for customers on the Telstra Wholesale network, and the more providers that take a similar approach, the better the outcome for the security and resilience of Australia. Are any overseas carriers undertaking the same work? Who are they and has Telstra Wholesale consulted on this program? Overseas carriers are using similar programs with scam and fraud detection capabilities. Telstra Wholesale are aware of carriers in Spain (Telefonica) and the UK (BT and Vodafone) who use such technology to great effect. Check your address for nbn eligibility PLANS nbn plan nbn fibre upgrade Mobile eSIM plan COMPANY About Exetel Contact Us Locations Adelaide Brisbane Hobart Melbourne Perth Sydney SUPPORT Exetel support centre Articles Exetel speed test Outages Payment assistance Online safety Lodge a complaint Disaster relief Domestic and family violence support DOWNLOAD APP Manage your account via the Exetel App Socials © Copyright 2025 Exetel Pty Ltd. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service