Exim Trade Data - Global Import Export Trade Data Provider | Import Export Data Home About Services Solutions Search Data Countries API Pricing Contact Us Get A Demo Find Global Buyers & Sellers Looking to grow your international import-export trade business? Access verified global import-export trade data to discover authentic buyers and sellers from over 200+ countries. Our platform delivers customs-based import-export records, including detailed shipment records insights, and helps you connect with real trading partners. International import export trade data provides essential insights into who is trading what, where, and how much. It includes detailed information on buyers (importers) and sellers (exporters) such as company names, trade volumes, HS-code product categories, shipment values, origin or destination countries, ports used, and transaction frequency. Consult Our Expert Global Import Export Database Global Trade Data Analysis Country-wise Discover country-wise global import-export data Statistics from our exclusive Global Trade Database. ASIA AFRICA EUROPE NORTH AMERICA OCEANIA SOUTH AMERICA Armenia Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Brunei Cambodia China Hong Kong Indonesia Iran Israel Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Korea Kuwait Laos Lebanon Maldives Mongolia Myanmar Nepal Oman Pakistan Philippines Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore Sri Lanka Syria Taiwan Thailand Turkey UAE Uzbekistan Vietnam Yemen Best Market Research Platform Get Meaningful Industrial Insights with Exim GTIS (Global Trade Information Service) Exim GTIS (global trade information service) is amongst the top global import export trade data providers and also the best platform for market intelligence that helps identify the key performance factors for your company and streamline your workflow. Find the latest market trends, most traded HS codes, countries, ports, competitors, and top import-export companies. Mitigate financial risk and reach out to the verified buyers and suppliers. Double your sales and generate the maximum revenue through our market research platform. HS codes , countries, ports, competitors and top import-export companies. Mitigate financial risk and reach out to the verified buyers and suppliers. Double your sales and generate the maximum revenue through our market research platform. Explore Exim GTIS Get API Access Explore More Industries Importers Leading Trade Intelligence Platform for Global Importers Read More → Exporters Enhance Your Sales Potential with Our Global Exporters Database Read More → Corporation Best Market Intelligence Platform for Corporate Companies Read More → Automotive Identify the Current Market Trends & Demands in the Automotive Market Read More → Empower Your Market Research With Global Import Export Data Actionable Insights We combine the years of accumulated expertise of our data scientists and business intelligence tools to discover meaningful insights from the global customs data. All categories to make data-driven current market opportunities. Know Your Market For any business, the main challenge is to find buyers for their products. Our well-researched global shipment data helps you to evaluate and develop your marketing strategy to grab new buyers in the foreign market. Streamline Your Business Streamline all your trading operations and pave the way for top-line growth for your business. With a precise overview of every business activity, discover the inefficient processes and optimize your business operation through our global import export trade data. GROW WITH GLOBAL IMPORT EXPORT AND SHIPMENT RECORDS Schedule A Demo Why Choose Us Comprehensive Guide Get in-depth knowledge of existing market channels and consumer preferences around the globe. We provide a complete, comprehensive guide to the global trade market that helps you to align your business with international trade with the help of our Global Import Export Trade Data. Explore Foreign Market With our Global Export Import Trade Data, find overseas customers and discover the best match that adds better economic value to your product. Simplified and genuine trade data pave the way to successful overseas trade for your business. Build Valuable Partnership With our fine-tailored global import export trade data, assess your readiness for the target market and grow with your business. Understand the key aspects of international trade and associate with valuable industry peers. Subscribe Newsletter +91 Submit Shpere Eximia Research Pvt Ltd G-232, Noida Sector-63, Uttar Pradesh - 201301, India +91-9625812393 [email protected] Support Contact Us Faqs Pricing Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Refunds Policy Company About Why Choose Us Our Clients Solutions Agribusiness Asset Management Academic and Education Automotive Aerospace and Defence Construction Chemical Energy Sector Exporters Importers Law Firms Retail Sales and Marketing Important Links Get Trial Countries Covered Global Companies Global Ports Industries Covered Global Trade Database Global Products API Integration & Development Global HSN Code List Referral Partners © 2025 Shpere Eximia Research Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.