ExonHost - Fastest Web Hosting | 20X Faster Web Hosting | Best Web Hosting LIMITED-TIME Web Hosting DISCOUNT! Up to 30%! GET THE DEAL Sales - 01953 306969 (9AM-9PM) Affiliates About Live
                                            Chat BDT USD Dashboard
                                    Login Home Hosting Web Hosting Next Level SSD Hosting Turbo Hosting Boost your Website Speed BDIX Hosting Hosted in Bangladesh BDIX Turbo Hosting Boost Website Speed by Turbo Reseller Hosting Starter Selling Today Server Virtual Server Next-Gen VPS Hosting Dedicated Server Gain maximum power and contol Domain Domain Registration Register domain at ExonHost Domain Transfer Transfer domain to ExonHost Email Hosting SSL Certificate Next Level SSD Hosting Solutions! Experience the next level SSD hosting which built for speed!
                                We utilize solid-state drives(SSD) for our all hosting plans. For Enhanced
                                performance we use LiteSpeed Web Server, HTTP/2, PHP7 . We make
                                your website faster, which will help you to increase search ranking! Get Started Compare Plans www. All .com .in .co.in .xyz .me .org .top .net .info Only Only Only Only Only Only Web Hosting Ideal to get started and go on to a more advanced hosting package. Starting at /mo Get Started Reseller Hosting Ideal for web master or who want to start web hosting business without any hassle. Starting at /mo Get Started Virtual Servers Get started with a VPS or enjoy the flexibility of our SSD VPS solutions. Starting at /mo Get Started Dedicated Servers Get started with a VPS or enjoy the flexibility of our SSD VPS solutions. Starting at /mo Get Started User Friendly Control Panel Intuitive and easy to use, cPanel help you to manage a web hosting account with maximum
                        efficiency. One-Click Deploy With our one click installer tool, available on every Web Hosting plan, you
                                            can create any type of website: blog, forum, CMS, wiki, photo gallery,
                                            E-commerce store, and so much more! Terminal Access The Terminal interface allows you to access an in-browser terminal
                                            application for direct command-line access within a cPanel. Easy management ExonHost Panel is extremely user-friendly and can be used by those with
                                            little experience in website development. Powerful Web Hosting Solution Our clients love us because we listen to their needs. High Performance SSD Servers We use only top of the line server hardware, and this reflects in the quality service
                                that we provide. We are using Enterprise NVMe SSD hard drives in a Raid array to give
                                your site that extra speed boost! LiteSpeed Web Server Speed matters! Web Hosting with LiteSpeed Web Server experience creates a captive
                                audience of satisfied users and higher search engine rankings. Our Web Hosting blended
                                with litespeed web server, PHP 7.4 for better Speed. Rock-Solid Security Protect your site against constant threats we are using custom web application firewall
                                rules. Combined with real-time 24/7 server monitoring, we can stop the majority of web
                                application attacks even before they start. Need Help for Deciding or Looking help for technical issue? Talk to one of our hosting specialist who will review your needs and propose a tailored
                                hosting solution that will match your specific business reality and needs. Support Desk Online Live Chat ExonHost Global Datacenters Host your website close to its visitors for the best possible latency and faster page load times. Explore locations Los Angeles Utah Dallas Tampa New Jersy New York Germany Bangladesh Singapore What Makes ExonHost Special? We Have the Features & Service You Deserve! 99.9% Uptime Gurarantee We understand the uptime importance. We pledge to deliver in excess of 99.9% uptime, each
                                and every month. 30 Days Money-back gurarantee We have 30 Days moneyback guarantee, so you can try our service without any risk. We'll
                                refund you if you're not satisfied. Free 24/7 Professional Support Our customer support is 24x7x365. With your hosting package you also gain 24x7 accesses
                                to our expert support team. Free SSL Certificate We are offering Unlimited SSL for Free. Easy to install/auto-renewed Let's Encrypt SSL
                                certificates can help secure your websites. 20000+ customers rely on us We hosted more than 20000 happy customers. Small website to high traffic website
                                    customers. WHAT THEY HAVE TO SAY I have been using ExonHost since 2012. They are providing execellent
                                                service.
                                                So I moved my all accounts from Hostgator to ExonHost!. Abu Syeed Mahmud Hasan CEO, MotorCycleValley I am using ExonHost since 2013. I am fully satisfied. The service is
                                                really
                                                good. Specially support is awesome of ExonHost. Highly recommended. Md Billal Hossain Sarker Founder, AuthorityAid One of the best Hosting Provider in Bangladesh. Fast Customer Service and
                                                great support. K M Reidwanul Bari Zion CEO, Steadfast Courier Not sure where to Start? Talk to one of our hosting specialist who will review your
                                    needs
                                    and propose a tailored hosting solution that will match your specific business
                                    reality
                                    and needs. Sales Live Chat Support Tickets Call Us Now Send Email Hosting Web Hosting Turbo Hosting Reseller Hosting Server Virtual Server Dedicated Server Domain Domain Registration Domain
                                                Transfer Email Hosting Business Email Company About US Our Datacenters Our Blog Contact US Help Knowledgebase Service Status Support Center Bank
                                                Payment Details Our Address Purple IT Ltd House 452 (4th Floor), Road 31, New DOHS Mohakhali Dhaka - 1206, Bangladesh Payment Options Subscribe Newsletter Subscribe for new offers and updates. Connect with To get updates follow us on Facebook, Twitters etc. © 2023 ExonHost. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy