Newsletter
Blog
Partner Programs
Academy
Contact us
Exoscale
PRODUCTS
MARKETPLACE
PRICING
RESOURCES
CHANGELOG
Log in
Register
European Cloud Hosting
Start a free* trial now
GET STARTED
Coming Soon: NVIDIA Blackwell B300 and RTX Pro 6000 GPUs are coming soon to Exoscale. Contact us to find out more.
A solid European cloud hosting alternative.
Compute
High performance SSD cloud servers
Self-sustained zones for resilient deployments
Snapshots and Custom Templates
Instance Pools to manage groups of machines
Anti-affinity groups
IAM and organization management
Kubernetes
Scalable Kubernetes Service
Start Kubernetes clusters in 120 seconds
Scale up and down worker nodes
Full control plane lifecycle management
CLI, API, portal, Terraform support
Deep NLB integration
DBaaS
Fully managed database as a service
Managed PostgreSQL, MySQL, Apache Kafka, OpenSearch and Valkey databases
Managed Grafana
Start in minutes
End-to-end GDPR compliance
Object Storage
Highly available multi-redundancy object storage
Low latency, high-bandwidth, public or private secure HTTP(s) access
S3 compatible API for simple tooling integration
Same-zone and cross-zone bucket replication
Block Storage
Ultra-low latency for high-performance workloads
Attach multiple volumes per instance
Highly available NVME-based architecture with multiple copies of data
GPU Servers
From 1 to 8 NVIDIA GPU cards
Direct passthrough access for maximum performance
All the advantages of a regular Compute server
Liquid cooled and heat reuse options for sustainable computations
Networking
Dual 25 Gbps secure private networking
Security groups to manage firewall rules
Network Load Balancer
Elastic IP addresses
IPv6 for instances
Virtual Private Cloud
Cherry-pick Private Networking, Dedicated Hypervisors and Private Connect
Available with low commitment on both shared and dedicated hypervisors
DNS
Anycast DNS network for low latency resolution
Geo-replicated redundancy for optimal uptime
CDN
Simple-to-use content delivery network for all your assets
Cache objects in Object Storage buckets in one click
Consistent and predictable pricing across regions
Powerful concepts. Simple interfaces. Built for teams.

Easily use anti-affinity groups and spawn virtual servers in different data centers to ensure high availability. Securely configure firewall rules across any number of instances using security groups. Manage team members and control access to your infrastructure with organizations, keypairs and multi-factor authentication. Our simple and intuitive interfaces make powerful concepts easy to use for teams of any size.

No surprises pricing. Start smart, scale hard.
Instance sizes for any workload.
From small clusters or even single servers to powerful big-data nodes.
One simple hourly price, prorated to the second.
Industry leading price performance ratio.
True pay-per-use.
Cluster friendly traffic pricing.
Free internal traffic between all your instances.
Free in-bound and 1 TB/month free out-bound per instance.
FULL PRICING
Compute Instances, GPU, and more
Why Exoscale
Trusted by Engineers Across Europe and Beyond.

When running mission critical production workloads in the cloud, a partner you can rely on makes all the difference. Our customer success engineers have helped hundreds of customers from all over Europe migrate, run and scale production workloads as cloud native applications.

Not Your Typical Swiss Cloud Hosting Company.

Although we are known primarily as a Swiss cloud provider, we have grown by leaps and bounds, expanding our data centers to Austria, Germany, Bulgaria and Croatia.

Data Security, GDPR Compliance & Data Privacy Laws.

We take security seriously. Exoscale is the ideal partner for those looking to respect the strict Swiss data privacy laws. We also help engineers ensure that the workloads started in Austria, stay in Austria. Same goes for workloads started in Germany: we guarantee that they will remain in Germany. This means that your projects are GDPR-compliant when you work with Exoscale.

More Than Swiss, Austrian and German Data Centers.

Over the years, we’ve helped hundreds of European customers migrate, run and scale production workloads on Exoscale in Austria, Germany, Switzerland, and beyond. With certifications for ISO27001, Cloud Security Alliance, and ISO27018 we make light work of cloud provider due diligence and focus on getting the best infrastructure for your applications.

EXOSCALE IS A PROUD MEMBER OF

EXOSCALE
Company
Jobs
Sustainability
Partner Programs
Academy
Events
Contact
CLOUD HOSTING
Cloud Server
Kubernetes
DBaaS
Object Storage
Block Storage
GPU
Networking
Virtual Private Cloud
Cloud DNS
CDN
INFRASTRUCTURE
Templates
Datacenters
Security
Compliance
FAQ
Status
RESOURCES
Documentation
API
Open Source
Backup
Integration
Changelog
Newsletter
Support
Data Portability
Abuse
Exoscale
Boulevard de Grancy 19A
1006 – Lausanne
Switzerland
sales@exoscale.com
+41 58 255 00 66
PrivacyTerms and Conditions
Exoscale is a registered trademark of Akenes SA - Reg/VAT CHE-423.524.322
© 2025 Exoscale
Member of A1 Digital
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies