Expatica: The largest online resource for expats Global Global Australia Austria Belgium Canada France Germany Italy Japan Luxembourg Netherlands Portugal Qatar Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa Spain Switzerland Thailand United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA change your world Start your journey Moving abroad? Use Expatica as your compass to guide you through every step of your new life. Inspiration The difference between expats and immigrants It’s easy to compare the dictionary definitions, but the way the terms are used tells you a lot about how they are perceived. Read More The cheapest places to live as an expat Dreaming of life abroad but concerned about affordability? Explore the cheapest countries for expats to immigrate to. Read More The most LGBTQIA+ friendly countries for expats Discover the most LGBT-friendly countries to relocate to, because being able to express who you are should be a normal right. Read More The easiest countries to move to in 2025 Looking for a quick path to expat life? Try the easiest countries to move to in 2025, with visas for remote workers, job seekers, and more. Read More The best countries to get a startup visa in 2025 Are you the next [insert the name of a non-controversial founder]? Here are some of the best countries around the world for a startup visa. Read More More articles Explore more on our Global site Explore now Explore Moving The difference between expats and immigrants Moving The cheapest places to live as an expat Moving The most LGBTQIA+ friendly countries for expats Moving The easiest countries to move to in 2025 Moving The best countries to get a startup visa in 2025 Spotlight Discover expat life in Germany The driving force of Europe Read more Explore The ultimate moving abroad checklist Read More 10 important tips for first-time expats Read More How to choose the best expat health insurance Read More How you can help refugees Read More Meet Expatica About us We help expats all over the world in their journey Read more Advertise with us Advertise & reach the expat community Read more We help you change your world About Expatica About Expatica Contact us Advertise with Expatica Expatica Impressum Mission Statement Disclaimer Meet the team Directory sign up Follow us 2000-2025 Expatica Privacy Policy Terms of Service Scroll to top