Cloud Computing and Data Center Infrastructure as a Service - Expedient About About Us Careers Events Executive Team Board and Investors Mission Vision Values ESG Media/Press Calculators Partner Support Client Login Knowledge Base API Documentation Github Expedient Expedient Solutions Services Data Centers Why Expedient Contact Us About Partner Support Let's Talk Request Demo Solutions For Challenge Storage Optionality Public Cloud Management Broadcom/VMware Licensing Enterprise AI Implementation Ransomware Mitigation Cloud Complexity Cloud Migration Day Two Operations Data Protection For Industry Healthcare Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Independent Software Vendors Supply Chain and Logistics For Technology VMware Nutanix Cohesity Microsoft Azure AWS Google Cloud For Organization Bob Evans Farms University of Phoenix Stanley Steemer Prodigo Solutions TopRx Services Full Stack Cloud Service Provider Learn More Artificial Intelligence Cloud Native Colocation Compliance Data Management Disaster Recovery Edge Computing Enterprise Cloud Managed Services Hybrid Cloud Management Observability Private Cloud Public Cloud Security Data Centers View Map and Network East Baltimore Boston Pittsburgh Central Cleveland Columbus Indianapolis Memphis Milwaukee West Denver Phoenix Why Expedient Cloud Different Multi-cloud delivers the optimal computing platform to drive modern business for the decade ahead Learn More Expertise Our People Cloud Different Blog Resources Experience Clients Awards and Accolades Technology Partners Value Pricing Assessments Pricing Contact Us Award Winning Full Stack Cloud Services The juries are out and awards have been announced. This year, we've been recognized for a number of awards from key partners, including VMware, Nutanix, and Zerto, and we made the top 3 of the MSP 501 for the 4th time in the last 6 years. Learn More VMware and Nutanix Choose Expedient for Top Honors Learn More Nobody Chooses Complexity. It's expensive, it's unreliable, and it makes growth and innovation harder. So why do so many organizations grapple with it? Because it's also difficult to identify where complexity comes from. We can help by offering guidance and optionality as you implement your hybrid cloud operating model. Learn More Right Workload, Right Cloud. Now offering Managed Public Cloud, a suite of managed services that integrate public clouds within a hybrid cloud infrastructure to achieve optimal business outcomes. With Hyperscale CTRL, we chart a plan to select, migrate, and maintain the right workloads, applications, and systems from your current IT estate into the optimal mix of cloud platforms. Learn More Enterprise AI, Enterprise Controls Remove the barriers that keep your organization from implementing AI at scale. AI CTRL is a suite of offerings engineered to keep your business safe while simplifying and accelerating deployment and providing the flexibility to meet the specific needs of organizations of every size. Learn More Cloud Different TM A multi-cloud approach designed to optimize application placement for your entire IT estate, with a full stack of universal management services designed to accelerate your transformation journey. Learn More VMware or Nutanix? Your Choice. Private cloud is a crucial part of a hybrid cloud operating model, especially for organizations whose legacy IT has been an anchor on their transformation. Having trouble choosing? Our Cloud Cost Comparison Calculator will help you quickly determine the best choice for your organization. Calculate Your Savings Full Stack Cloud Service Provider What could you accomplish if you didn't have to devote resources to your infrastructure? We offer a vast array of infrastructure services so you can focus on your business. View Our Services Speed, Simplicity, Skill As a partner, we help our clients accelerate their time to value, cut through complexity, and tap into the expertise of our team. Why Expedient National Reach, Local Expertise Our interconnected network of data centers provides points of delivery in strategic locations throughout the United States for cloud, colocation, disaster recovery, and artificial intelligence in world-class facilities with 24x7x365 support. View Data Centers Data Centers Up to 100Gbps interconnectivity between our data centers Phoenix Data Center Explore 3.6MW Critical IT Load 46K Total Square Ft. 16K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Milwaukee Data Center Explore 1.6MW Critical IT Load 27K Total Square Ft. 10K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Denver Data Center Explore 1.6MW Critical IT Load 32K Total Square Ft. 18.5K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Boston Data Center Explore 3.2MW Critical IT Load 40K Total Square Ft. 26K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Indianapolis Data Center Explore 4.4MW Critical IT Load 53K Total Square Ft. 26K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Baltimore Data Centers Explore 2 Data Centers 2.3MW Critical IT Load 55K Total Square Ft. 17.7K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Cleveland Data Centers Explore 2 Data Centers 4.7MW Critical IT Load 66.8K Total Square Ft. 36.5K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Pittsburgh Data Centers Explore 2 Data Centers 6.0MW Critical IT Load 76.7K Total Square Ft. 38K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Memphis Data Centers Explore 1.5MW Critical IT Load 35K Total Square Ft. 7.5K Raised Sq. Ft. Explore Columbus Data Centers Explore 3 Data Centers 13.4MW Critical IT Load 152,799 Total Square Ft. 59,600 Raised Sq. Ft. Explore California San Jose Virginia Ashburn Maryland Baltimore Illinois Chicago Take the Next Step. Moving forward in your cloud journey means making big decisions, and you want those big decisions to be based more on data, evidence, and analysis than gut feelings and instincts. That's why we offer a number of free assessments, demos, and other tools to get to a high quality decision. What are you interested In? Assessments Demo Pricing Lets Talk Get Started Make Better Cloud Decisions We think infrastructure all day, every day, because it's our job. You think about it... when you have to. So when you do have to, get up to speed quickly with these resources. Multi-Cloud Embracing a Multi-Cloud Strategy Unlock the full potential of their IT infrastructure, driving business growth and transformation. By implementing a tailored... Read More Technical Debt Dealing with Technical Debt Inadequate infrastructure evaluation is really hammering business from a cost, complexity, and security perspective. Read More Edge Computing Expedient Edge: Workloads at the Edge of Anywhere With their low latency, real-time data processing, improved reliability, and scalability, edge services are an excellent option for... Read More View All Resources To Budget Effectively, You Have to Know Your Costs Understanding how you should pay for cloud doesn't have to involve voodoo. Predictable monthly costs, spending guardrails, and price comparison tools are all built into the Expedient cloud operating model. To get a realistic idea of your cloud spend, start with our cloud pricing calculator. Calculate Your Spend The Boring Migrations are Always the Best Migrations Using Expedient Enterprise Cloud, the University of Phoenix was able to cut costs by $50 million over three and a half years. Those cost savings lead directly to a better experience for over 80,000 students each year. Learn More Having somebody that’s reliable and dependable is what’s most important. Maintaining infrastructure was never a core competency of IT at Bob Evans Farms, makers of farm-fresh foods sold in grocery stores throughout the country, and it was never meant to be. Instead, the team focuses its efforts on projects that are valuable to the business, like automation and security. Learn More Let’s Talk. Ready to talk to someone about turbocharging your transformation and simplifying your cloud journey? Want to request a demo or walkthrough? Just have questions about how our services work? Talk to an expert. What are you interested in? Artificial Intelligence VMware and Broadcom Edge Computing Cloud Security Disaster Recovery Colocation Cost management Backups Compliance Public Cloud Submit Expedient respects your right to privacy and we will never sell or share your data. If you have immediate questions or need more information call (877) 570-7827, Monday through Friday 8am – 5pm EST. Telephone (877) 570-7827 Contact Support Sign In Security January 20th, 2025 at 1:00 PM ET Brinks Home Security: A Blueprint for Resilience Join us → Security January 20th, 2026 at 1:00 PM ET Brinks Home Security: A Blueprint for Resilience Join us → Solutions Storage Optionality Public Cloud Management Broadcom/VMware Licensing Enterprise AI Implementation Ransomware Mitigation Cloud Complexity Cloud Migration Day Two Operations Data Protection Industries Healthcare Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Independent Software Vendors Supply Chain and Logistics Services Artificial Intelligence Cloud Native Colocation Compliance Data Management Disaster Recovery Edge Computing Enterprise Cloud Managed Services Hybrid Cloud Management Observability Private Cloud Public Cloud Security Data Centers Phoenix, AZ Denver, CO Indianapolis, IN Baltimore, MD Boston, MA Cleveland, OH Columbus, OH Pittsburgh, PA Memphis, TN Milwaukee, WI Why Expedient Our People Cloud Different Blog Resources Clients Awards and Accolades Technology Partners Pricing Assessments About About Us Careers Events Executive Team Board and Investors Mission Vision Values ESG Media/Press Support Client Login Knowledge Base API Documentation Github Contact Us 877-570-7827 Contact Us Request a Demo Support Expedient Expedient Terms and Conditions Expedient Data Privacy Framework Principles Privacy Policy ©2025  Expedient