Home - ExpertVoice Skip to content Join Now Who Qualifies Member Sign In ExpertVoice for Business ExpertVoice for Business Member Sign In Join Now Save up to 60% on products that fuel your passions On the #1 place to shop industry-insider deals for retail employees. healthcare professionals. military and veterans. fitness instructors. first responders. guides & outfitters. resort employees. golf professionals. brand reps. coaches & athletes. Join for Free Today No subscription fees — ever! 59K+ App Store reviews Your expertise gets you exclusive deals Get verified Verify to access a marketplace made for real industry professionals Earn trust Brands give exclusive discounts to real people whose experience inspires trust Shop and save Get deals on the products you actually want, love, and trust Find out if you qualify Do any of these apply to you? Military & Veterans Winter Sports & Resort Employees Veterinarians & Livestock Professionals Elite & Competitive Athletes Fire, EMT & First Responders Healthcare Professionals Non-Profit & Professional Members Wholesale Distributors Law Enforcement Golf Professionals & Retail Teachers & Educators Trade & Construction Professionals National Retail Employees Fitness & Gym Professionals Brand & Industry Reps Media & Creators Regional Retail Employees Health & Wellness Practitioners Brand Employees Independent Retail Employees Outdoor & Adventure Guides Public Land & Wildlife Management Shop up to 60% off top brands and products Apparel Footwear Winter Sports Hunt & Tactical Golf Camping Fitness + Much More Apparel Stay cozy and warm this winter! …this jacket is amazing. It has kept me comfortable up to 13,077’ feet so far, with many more alpine adventures to come. This is my first true puffy jacket, and I am in love!… SAF Certified Forester Footwear Run Trails, Not Your Face Into the Dirt …For those new to trail running or looking for a solid long-distance option, the Brooks Caldera 8 is an excellent choice. It offers a balance of comfort, stability, and grip, making it well-suited for a variety of terrains… U.S. Marines Member Winter Sports Burly All-Mountain Ski …Durability is high with a full sidewall that runs the length of the ski, not just underfoot. Decent camber, directional tail, and a groove to keep your skins from sliding off the back. These skis hold up at speed and can be set towards committing objectives, striking a fine balance between tour-ability and ski-ability… Outdoor Adventure Guide Hunt & Tactical Great product!! …I have used this pack for 3 years in technical terrain throughout the PNW and it has proved to be the best bag ever!… U.S. Navy Member Golf ….it’s a reliable, accurate, and user-friendly rangefinder that’s made every part of my game smoother. Highly recommend. Retail Employee Camping Backpacking Essential My fiance and I got our Jetboil Flash 1.0L this year and it has become an essential part of our backpacking gear. We’ve been able to boil water quickly to use for our dehydrated meals and coffee in all types of conditions – including wet and windy days. Mountain Resort Employee Fitness Real food! …I’ve been a big fan of these bars since they hit the market. With a focus on real food, they taste great, and do exactly what you want them to do!… Colorado Mountain Club Member + Much More Strong Paragraph… Role *Brand access is based on your qualifications Who are the experts? Real people, like you, respected for their industry expertise, their work and passions I absolutely love that I get access to amazing brands like Kari Traa... It’s a company that is for women and owned by women... thinking about what women specifically want and need.” Brooke Goudy Healthcare Professionals Industry Members As a guide, I rely heavily on gear. I use ExpertVoice to learn what other pros trust, and better prepare for my trips. The quality discounts allow me to buy gear that might otherwise be out of my budget!” Jake Wykes Amateur & Pro Athletes Industry Members Resort Employees I go on ExpertVoice and not only get products at a discount, but learn about them, so I can go and try them out, write reviews, and then share with friends, family and my run family… win-win-win situation.” Neyra Rosa Retail Sales Associates I use ExpertVoice to further my passions, first, with really good access to a lot of great gear. And, with education games to quickly learn about the best technology that's coming out in the industry.” Gabriel Chez Guides & Outfitters Industry Members When I'm making a  purchase, I rely on ExpertVoice. I'm able to get factual reviews on products that have been tested in the wild or in the backcountry, so I know that I'm going to get a good product.” Andrea Daniels Healthcare Professionals Industry Members One of my favorite things about ExpertVoice is learning about different companies, what products they offer & how they can benefit our members. My favorite company on EV is TaylorMade Golf.” Mark Anderson Golf Course Professionals I am so very grateful for the brands that are part of ExpertVoice. I would say overall, during all of our expeditions this year, I was wearing more gear from ExpertVoice brands than not!“ Rachael Miller Government Employees Industry Members The reviews on ExpertVoice are a huge help in selecting the right gear. Many sites have bot reviews, or the review never goes beyond the unboxing. I love having a platform to see the gear in use, especially hard use." Josh Bessette Military and Veterans Government Employees I have purchased all sorts of things on ExpertVoice, from a generator to shoes that keep me comfortable when I’m on my feet all day. I also appreciate the variety there is on ExpertVoice for pet products.” Carrie Nedele Animal and Pet Professionals I benefit from other pros sharing what works for them… I spend a bit of time doing product reviews, not because I have anything special to say but because I am thorough…and that’s the type of reviews I like to read when I’m seeking new gear.” Dave Vet Law Enforcement Industry Members Something I love about the site is the game-like nature of how the learning takes place. I think it's really fun. I've always really enjoyed learning about different categories, and not just golf." Mark MacDonald Golf Course Professionals Yoga Instructor from CO Verified by ExpertVoice Professional Athlete from UT Verified by ExpertVoice Physical Therapist from VT Verified by ExpertVoice Military Contractor from MD Verified by ExpertVoice Air Force Officer from DC Verified by ExpertVoice IMBA Member from CA Verified by ExpertVoice NOLS Alum from MT Verified by ExpertVoice 900+ brands trust what ExpertVoice members have to say – and they want those people trying and talking about their products. FAQs Brands on ExpertVoice want people like you to have firsthand experiences with their products. To do that, they offer substantial discounts of up to 60% off MSRP on your purchases. How do I qualify to join the site? First, start the sign-up process. We’ll ask you to share a bit more about yourself to understand if you’re eligible to join — this could be where you work, what organizations you’re a part of and more. Expect an email within 2 days to learn if you’re approved. Some brands target specific industries, so the more details you provide, the more discounts you’ll earn on the site. What brands will I have access to? Your shopping experience is tailored to you! Access brands based on your qualifications. Some brands are open to all, while others target specific groups. Brands decide opportunities based on your qualifications, so be sure to add all relevant qualifications to your expert profile to ensure you access a variety of great brands, big and small. Check back for new logos to shop — we’re constantly adding exciting names! Can I trust this? Absolutely! ExpertVoice has been connecting brands with experts since 2004. Brands offer rewards on ExpertVoice to connect, educate, and sell to their target audience, fostering more industry experts who genuinely love and recommend their products. Sometimes, proof of membership or employment is required to join. Any required sensitive, personal, or contact information is encrypted when uploaded and deleted within 60 days. Is this an affiliate program? Nope. ExpertVoice connects brands with industry experts for exclusive discounted shopping and learning opportunities. Experts aren’t paid by brands or ExpertVoice; it’s all about genuine product advice. How do I earn rewards? Unlock product discounts on ExpertVoice by qualifying to join. Your access to brand deals is based on your qualifications, experience and background, so the more you share the more deals you can access. Some rewards may require a quick lesson and quiz for a fun way to deepen your expertise! What’s in it for the brands? ExpertVoice is a platform for brands to connect with their target audience, encouraging them to buy, try, and learn about products. This leads to authentic reviews online and, crucially, more industry experts using their products out in the real world. When experts use their products, it boosts brand credibility and drives more sales. Company About Us Careers Blog Connect Your Community For Brands Members Who Qualifies How it Works Sign In Join for Free Support Contact us Get the iOS app Get the Android app Get the Deal Alert Extension © 2000- 2020 ExpertVoice, Inc. All rights reserved 9 Exchange Place, Suite 900, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 USA California Notice at Collection Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Preferences We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your experience on ExpertVoice, as explained here . By clicking "Accept All", you consent to the use of all cookies or click "Cookie Settings" to manage preferences. Accept All Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Close Privacy Overview We use cookies to enhance your experience on our platform. Required cookies ensure basic functions, like security and login. Optional cookies help us enhance and personalize your experience. Optional cookies are stored with your consent, but opting out may affect your browsing. See our Privacy Policy for details. Required Required Always Enabled Required cookies are essential for the website to function properly. This includes basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Optional optional Optional cookies are used to provide a more personalized experience, including recommending brands and products we think you might be interested in. These are not required for basic website function. Save & Accept