Experian | Credit Scores, Reports & Credit Comparison Consumer SMEs Small Business Business Data & Marketing Your privacy Global Sites United Kingdom Skip to main content Log in Sign up Menu Log in Back Credit score & report Experian products Free Credit Score & Report Credit Score Insights & Improvement Statutory Report Which product is right for you? Boost your score! Helpful Information What is a credit score? What is a credit report? Why have I been refused credit? How does Boost improve my credit score? View all credit score & report guides Want to improve your score? Find out how Back Compare credit offers Compare Credit cards Loans Mortgages Car finance Helpful information Credit cards for bad credit Loans for bad credit Refused for a mortgage? Used car finance guide How your credit score can impact a mortgage application Learn more Back Identity theft Experian products Identity fraud report & monitoring Helpful Information What is Identity theft? If you are a victim of fraud Phishing and how to prevent it The warning signs of identity fraud Protect yourself against identity theft with Identity Plus Learn more Back Help & assistance How can we help you today? Account issues Forgotten username, passwords & other issues My report is incorrect Something not quite right on your report? Let’s fix that Changes to our score All you need to know about the new experian credit score Refused credit What to do if you've been refused credit More help & support Log in Sign up free × Experian Global Sites Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Czech Republic Denmark Germany Hong Kong India Ireland Italy Japan Malaysia Mexico Morocco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Turkey UAE United Kingdom United States Close Do more with your FREE Experian Credit Score Join 15 million others, and let us help you get the credit you deserve Sign up free Log in 0 £ £ .... .... .... .... Credit offers matched to your score We’ve got the data lenders use, and we work with them to bring you the best deals. Cards Loans Mortgages Car Finance Last year, we helped over half a million people get a new card Compare over 80 cards in under two minutes Over 75% of people who apply get a pre-approved offer See exclusive offers from top lenders Compare cards More on cards We’re a credit broker not a lender. † We work with lenders to bring you exclusive offers on loans We work with over 40 different lenders across the market Over 50% of people who apply get a pre-approved offer Secure a deal that suits you, with rates from 5.9% * representative Compare loans More on loans We’re a credit broker not a lender. † * Assumed borrowing of £7,500.00 over 36 months Searching for a mortgage with us takes less than two minutes UK homeowners trust our credit score the most See top mortgage offers from over 100 trusted lenders Find your ideal mortgage with our award-winning partner Picnic Compare mortgages More on mortgages Last year we helped over 18,000 drivers get the keys to a new car We work with over 20 car finance providers 60% of people who apply get a pre-approved offer Exclusive offers you won’t find anywhere else Compare car finance More on car finance We’re a credit broker not a lender. † Download our app Your free score and report on the Experian app Log in twice as fast, and see your free credit report on the top-rated Experian App. Learn more Download the app What our customers say We help people everyday to achieve their financial goals. Dan Advice from the app has helped me rebuild score Discovered I had a £30 default from 5 years ago affecting my score - advice from the app has helped me rebuild my score back up to 980+ from 600 in less than two years. Coley This is the best credit checking company This is the best credit checking company. Since joining them my score just goes up up up up follow the tips and advice they give you and your score will go through the roof. Jim I’ve been using Experian for over 20 years I have been using Experian for over 20 years and have found their services to be great and up to date to help monitor, build and give advice to get better deals on finance matters. See all our reviews Experian Services Free Experian Account CreditExpert Statutory Report Log in About Experian Why Experian Press Investor Relations Affiliate Careers Responsibilities Modern Slavery Contact us FAQs Accessibility Legal Terms & Conditions Data Privacy Cookies & online marketing Marketing claims Your data and marketing Reviews policy Social & Experian App Instagram TikTok X †Experian acts as a credit broker and not a lender in the provision of its credit cards and personal, car finance and guarantor loans comparison services, meaning it will show you products offered by lenders and other brokers. Copyright © 2019 , Experian Ltd. All rights reserved.