Experts Exchange | The Home of Human Intelligence Home Reviews FAQ ByteSize Login Welcome to the home of human intelligence. We’re the Q&A community for people tired of AI bots and ready for real problem solving. If you’re a tech professional, you’re probably tired of products you love shoving new AI features down your throat. We believe that the best way to solve a problem is by having a conversation with an expert. What is it? Experts Exchange is a private Q&A community for tech professionals, not unlike Stack Overflow or Quora. Our goal is to connect people with experts who can answer tough questions. Unlike other places, duplicate questions are encouraged! Our contributors (Experts) are tech junkies who love graciously answering all questions - even if it’s one they’ve seen before. A look inside We believe in the power of conversation. All comments are sorted chronologically. Multiple ways to classify questions to make sure conversations begin on the right foot. Compete with other Experts by earning points & answering questions. Our community is made up of... Developers & IT Professionals who have coding questions or need to work with someone to solve a technical problem. IT Leaders who need advice about which product to use or how to navigate a situation with leadership. Beginner devs looking for a place where they can find someone to walk them through simple issues. Small business owners who have little to no IT experience but need help with technology in order to run their businesses. Experts interested in sharing their knowledge and experience with people who need help. 90 days of free access - no credit card required After 90 days, members have two options: apply for expert status, or pay a small, $12/year fee. That subscription fees help us keep the engines on and fund programs to grow the community. © 1996-2024 Experts Exchange, LLC. All rights reserved. Covered by US Patent Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact Us What’s included? Unrestricted platform access Ask unlimited questions Unlimited content views How do I join? New members get unlimited access for 90 days - no credit card required. Click the button below to get full access with no view blockers or rate limiters for 90 days. Create your account