Ready. Set. Georgia | Explore Georgia Skip to main content Toggle Search Box Close Search Search Toggle Navigation Menu Menu Popular Destinations Atlanta Ellijay Savannah Helen Jekyll Island All Destinations Georgia's 10 Most Iconic Attractions Make a Date with Georgia this Winter Outdoors Outdoor Activities Beaches, Lakes & Rivers All Beaches, Lakes & Rivers Water Activities Fishing Outfitters & Equipment Parks & Trails All Parks & Trails Natural Attractions Scenic Byways Camping All Outdoors 15 Best Stargazing Spots in Georgia Providence Canyon: A Must-See in Winter Things to Do Uniquely Georgia Attractions & Entertainment Outdoor Activities Restaurants Spas & Wellness Wineries, Breweries & Distilleries Film in Georgia All Things To Do 10 Best Things to Do this Winter in Georgia Top Holiday Light Displays in Georgia Events Event Calendar Fairs & Festivals Holidays Sports Live Music All Events Plan Ahead for Georgia’s Best Holiday Events Georgia’s Magical Holiday Events Places to Stay Bed & Breakfasts and Inns Cabins & Cottages Resorts & Lodges Popular Destinations Atlanta Ellijay Helen Jekyll Island Savannah All Destinations All Places to Stay Great Getaways for Amazing Family Trips Cozy Georgia Getaways Perfect for Winter Order a Free Travel Guide Sign up for our Newsletter Trip Ideas Accessible Travel Facebook Instagram Pinterest Play Pause Ready. Set. Georgia. As we’ve all imagined the places and people we want to see, our love for exploration has become clear. Georgia puts it all within reach, and there is no one Georgia experience. It’s something you find on a waterfall hike near Helen in the Georgia mountains or by relaxing on a beach on St. Simons Island off the Georgia coast. Or, in front of a mural in Atlanta, or a bowl of shrimp and grits in Savannah. It’s the Georgia you go out and live. These are your moments waiting to happen. So, get Ready. Set. Georgia. Best Holiday Trip Ideas Celebrate the season with dazzling lights, festive fun, and time spent together with these only-in Georgia holiday adventures. It's Time for a Holiday Getaway Best Trips of 2026 Go wild on an overnight safari; discover film favorites, local flavors, and only-found-in-Georgia landscapes; and enjoy so much more spanning all four seasons! It's Time to Plan Your Getaway Explore Georgia's Beaches Let’s go to the coast and island hop through 100 miles of sandy shores. It's Time for a Beach Trip Explore Georgia's Mountains Find awe-inspiring waterfalls, secret lake towns, and miles of trails in North Georgia. It's Time for a Mountain Getaway Scroll To Top Order a free Travel Guide Follow Us Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sign up for News & Events Order a free Travel Guide Sign up for News & Events Follow Us Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tourism Industry Portal Sports Guide Media Room travel@exploregeorgia.org 1-800-VISITGA (847-4842) Official website of the Georgia Department of Economic Development © 2025. GDEcD. All Rights Reserved. All other marks belong to their respective owners. Legal, Privacy & Copyright Information Human Trafficking Notice Proud Partner of Get Your Free Travel Guide The new 2026 Georgia Travel Guide is packed with fresh stories, trip ideas, and local favorites. ORDER NOW green