K-12 STEM Solutions | ExploreLearning Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Skip to footer Logins Explore Learning Toggle Navigation Explore Learning About Us Overview Our Story Our Team News Our Products Overview Gizmos Reflex Frax Science4Us Math Solutions Science Solutions Site Status Testimonials Research Resources Overview Educator Resource Hub Product Support Success Stories Insights Download Library Professional Development Careers Get Access Contact Free Trial Request a Pilot Logins We make math and science learning serious fun Hi there. We're ExploreLearning! We’re an education technology company creating seriously fun solutions for the most critical challenges in K-12 STEM learning. Our supplemental math resources and science solutions are research-proven to work, saving teachers time and helping students grow! What's this serious fun business all about? Tell me more... Discover ExploreLearning Solutions Anyone can have success in math and science. Watch and experience how ExploreLearning engages students and gives them the opportunity to succeed in STEM! With Frax for fractions knowledge, Reflex for math fact fluency, Gizmos for 3-12 STEM concepts, and Science4Us for early childhood STEM, you can ensure your students are well-prepared to achieve academic success! Get hands on with math and science. Gizmos are virtual math and science simulations that bring powerful new interactive STEM learning experiences to grade 3-12 classrooms. Explore Gizmos Explore Gizmos The most effective math fact fluency solution. Adaptive and individualized, Reflex is the most effective and fun system for mastering basic math facts. Explore Reflex Explore Reflex Make fractions finally make sense. Frax stops the fraction struggle through an adaptive, game-based system that helps grade 3+ students build the skills, knowledge, and understanding of fractions for ongoing success in mathematics. Explore Frax Explore Frax Give kids a head start in STEM. With 1000s of online and offline science activities, Science4Us introduces foundational science concepts that engage K-2 learners’ natural curiosity and set them up for STEM success. Explore Science4Us Explore Science4Us Why Choose ExploreLearning STEM Solutions Evidence-Based Results Our solutions are backed by research and proven to drive student achievement. Explore the impact. Puts Data Privacy First We prioritize student safety with robust data privacy protections and compliance measures. STEM for All Learners Our engaging STEM tools are designed to inspire curiosity and achievement in students of all abilities. Easy to Implement Seamlessly integrate our solutions with expert guidance from our professional development team. Loved by Teachers & Students Discover why educators and learners rave about our math and science solutions. Let's get insightful! See what our experts are saying about the most recent trends and hottest topics in STEM education All Insights Teaching Strategies 5 Tips for Making Blended Learning Successful Teaching Strategies Inspire Kids to Become Scientists with These 5 Tips Teaching Strategies 5 Reasons Why You Should Host a Career Day at Your School Everybody's Talking “Hello, Ms. D. I apologize about emailing you during the weekend, but I couldn’t wait to tell you. Gizmos is so much fun, and I absolutely love it. I actually learn something and I like the fact that it is interactive. Thank you so much for making us do Gizmos.” - Gizmos Student, American International School, Abu Dhabi “I have been able to compare my students beginning of the year test data to the middle of the year test data and have seen a dramatic increase in their fraction understanding with Frax—and I haven't even begun to teach fractions yet.” - Frax Teacher, DeKalb County School District, GA “Science4Us is a huge resource for my classroom. I love to see how the videos, songs and activities encourage students to think in new ways about the things they experience. My students look forward to science time every day!” - Science4Us Teacher, Advance Learning Academy, FL “I love using Gizmos. Students get the opportunity to play with science that they cannot see. And they love to explore on their own and see the product of their experiments. I have seen a huge difference in students understanding of difficult concepts and their ability to explain science because of Gizmos.” - Gizmos Teacher, Cleveland Heights-University Heights School District, OH “Awesome, awesome, awesome! Reflex is by far the best program out there. All but one of my students scored within the targeted norm range on our district calculations assessment. This was an increase from 50% on the fall assessment.” - Reflex Teacher, Stevens Point Area Public School District, WI Let's explore together. We’re on the look out for like-minded talent across a wide variety of roles. Your new team is waiting! Careers STAY CONNECTED Sign up to get the latest updates from ExploreLearning via occasional email. Sign Up © 2025 ExploreLearning. All rights reserved. Gizmo, Gizmos, Reflex, Frax, and Science4Us About Us Overview Our Story Our Team News Our Products Overview Gizmos Reflex Frax Science4Us Math Solutions Science Solutions Site Status Testimonials Research Resources Overview Educator Resource Hub Product Support Success Stories Insights Download Library Professional Development Careers Contact Us Get Connected Toll-Free 866-882-4141 Local +1-434-293-7043 Newsletter Sign-Up LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube instagram © 2025 ExploreLearning. All rights reserved. Gizmo, Gizmos, Reflex, Frax, and Science4Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap ExploreLearning and Learning A-Z Integration