The visual storytelling platform made simple and beautiful - Exposure Publications Features For Sports Pricing Sign In Sign Up Visual storytelling made simple & beautiful Exposure is a modern publishing platform for visual storytellers. It’s the simple way to create and share your unique photo and video stories. Start Drafting See Real Stories By Jonas Jacobsson Community member since 2015 Your browser does not support the video tag. Powerful Tools to Empower Creativity Exposure has rich features that make it easy and intuitive to add photos and text, embed maps and media from other networks, and share stories with your audience. Clean designs ensure that your work looks beautiful each and every time. View This Story Get Started for free For Storytellers Big and Small Thousands of members use Exposure to tell all kinds of stories. Whether you’re a hobbyist or professional photographer, brand or business, school, nonprofit, or sports team, Exposure can help you create stories that resonate with your audience. Get Started for free See Real Stories Exposure is used by these world class organizations A Site that Lets Your Stories Shine When you create stories with Exposure, they’ll appear on your custom Exposure site—a simple and beautiful landing page to showcase your work. Tailor your Exposure site to match your aesthetic by customizing the layout, typography, colors, and more. Get Started for free Unlimited Photo Uploads No limits on uploads or bandwidth. Upload your best shots. Auto-image Resizing Upload once and we magically resize for you. Perfect for any display. Embed your Media Embed Tweets, Facebook posts, Instagram media, Vimeo or YouTube videos, Google Maps, and more. Rich Text Formatting Complement your photos with beautifully-formatted text. Bold, italic, links, the works. Build Your Audience Readers can easily get notifed of new stories with our built in mailing list Built to be Responsive Your Exposure site and stories look beautiful on any screen or device. Use Your Own Domain Name Host your Exposure site on your own domain name, or even remove our branding. Embed Your Stories Embed your stories – or even your whole Exposure site. Discover a World of Storytelling Exposure Publications are hand-curated collections that showcase the best Exposure has to offer. From world travels to current events, there’s always something new to explore. Travel Stories Tag along with world travelers as they visit the most breathtaking sites from every corner of the globe. Explore Stories Photography Stories Join incredible photographers as they explore the art and craft of taking and making photos. Explore Stories Sports Stories From on the field to behind the scenes, dive into the wide world of sports photography. Explore Stories Adventure Stories From the exotic to the homegrown, start exploring the wonder and awe this world has to offer. Explore Stories Wildlife Stories Stories of all creatures great and small. From conversation to observation, explore the wildlife stories of the Exposure community. Explore Stories Causes Stories Explore stories from the non-profits changing the world for the better, and learn how to support them. Explore Stories Campus Stories Catch some school spirit through stories about campus life, commencement, and education innovation. Explore Stories Cycling Stories Whether they’re hitting the road or off the beaten path, join top cyclists for their wildest rides. Explore Stories Learn More Home Pricing Publications Featured stories The Company About our mission Create account Guidelines Work with us Help and Support Contact us Storytelling For you For Sports For Non-profits For students Community Twitter Instagram Facebook New Tab Exposure.me Search © Exposure Labs 2025 In business since 2013 Terms Of Use • Privacy Policy • Forget me • Report • Service Status Back to the top :100: Loading Your browser is unsupported: Please use Google Chrome, Firefox or Safari for the best Exposure experience Please enable Javascript to use Exposure