Docs
Product
Solutions
Enterprise
Pricing
Blog
40K+
Log In
Sign Up
Everything you need to build apps
Expo is a full-stack React Native framework with powerful cloud services to help you move faster at every stage of the app lifecycle.
Get Started for Free
Read the Docs
Enterprise needs? Talk to our team
Develop

Write your native app with React. Pro-grade libraries and all the tools you need.

Deploy

Use Expo services to build, submit, update, and iterate on your apps as they grow.

TRUSTED IN PRODUCTION BY:

Build your app with the best tools in the universe
Expo SDK
100+ production-ready libraries

Use the camera, send and receive push notifications, get automatic deep links, plus much much more...

Use React, Kotlin, Swift

Write native code with the Expo Modules API and config plugins.

The only native framework recommended by Meta

An SDK 10 years in the making. Trusted by thousands of enterprises and startups.

Developer experience
Develop on your device

Develop on your phone, just like how your users will experience your app. Download Expo Go.

Launch with a click

Start emulators and simulators without opening Android Studio or Xcode with Expo Orbit.

Inspect your bundle

Optimize your app visually with Expo Atlas.

Community
50,000+ Discord members

See what other developers are working on, get questions answered, and get inspired browsing Expo Community Discord.

80% of React Native developers choose Expo

40,000+ GitHub stars and counting. Over 3 million users worldwide.

500,000+ projects created

From e-commerce, to social apps, people have made just about everything with Expo.

Get your app on every device

Build your app and distribute it to Android, iOS, and the web from a single codebase with Build and Hosting.

Get your latest changes to every user, instantly

Send over-the-air updates to get the latest fixes and improvements to your users fast with Update.

Automate your builds, tests, and releases

Build for the app stores, send over-the-air updates, and more automatically with Workflows.

Get build
On every
Deploy to production
on branch
Enabled
merge
main
Build iOS
Duration: 5m 42s
Send over-the-air update
Skipped
Build Android
Duration: 9m 54s
Submit to App Store
Duration: 5m 42s
Submit to Google Play Store
Duration: 9m 54s
See how your app is doing after every release

See how your app is doing with built-in monitoring and observability with Insights.

User population

See which platforms your users are using and which versions they're currently using.

API and hosting requests

Keep track of your app's usage with API function usage and hosting requests.

Error rates

See error rates with over the air updates and crash stats with hosting.

The platform for every developer

From indie hackers to enterprise teams, Expo is the fastest way to ship apps to stores.

Serving 100s of millions of end users

Our platform scales to meet the demands of any app.

Enterprise-level security and compliance

Our services are SOC 2 Type 2 and GDPR compliant.

Top-ranking apps are made with Expo

Expo apps are hitting #1 in the App Store and winning awards. See all the top apps.

Peter Piekarczyk
@peterpme

Expo is amazing

Antonin marchard
@antomarchard

The more time flies, the more I love @reactnative & @expo

devon
@devon_94

highly recommend @expo

Josh Gonsalves
@joshgonsalves_

Makes sense. I do LOVE expo.

Prince Ajuzie
@princeajuzie7

dude, react native + expo is the best option out there.

Adnan
@adnansahinovich

React Native and @expo is the best option by far, and can’t even compare to Xamarin or Dart & Flutter

Adrian Carolli
@icookandcode

I love @expo for making my life so much easier!

JD Conley
@wackie

if you're debating between raw react native and expo, choose expo. i tried years ago but it wasn't good enough. now the wrapper is winning. smooth dev environment. flexible. much better ecosystem and documentation.

miaugladiator11
@miaugladiator1

can 100% recommend expo is so much better than just pure react native imo

Patrick Aljord
@patcito

Just use @expo

NicoDevs
@Nico_Devs

I love @expo, it made React Native dev so much easier.

Firstly, it allows anyone to dev from any machine, even with very low specs and run the app on device with Expo Go app.

Also, it includes so many libraries and the performance is crazy especially on Expo SDK 54

Simon Grimm
@schlimmson

It's almost shocking how much I take Expo API routes for granted at this point.

I can't imagine working any other way, they are a natural part of every RN project I do.

Melih Yumak
@hadnazzar

🌟 Why choose #Expo for your next app? Enjoy the simplicity of building with one codebase for all platforms, access a rich library of pre-built components, and streamline updates with over-the-air changes—all without touching native code! 🚀 #ReactNative #js #100DaysOfCode

Dane Grant
@danecando

Also, @expo is amazing

Nana Asante
@asantenocturnal

I love expo

Hugo Duarte
@hugoasduarte

I love @expo so much!

Was struggling to upgrade an old React Native app to the latest version for a few days without success.

Created a new expo app, copied my src folder along with some package installs and was ready in just a few minutes!

:) waally
@_mohawwal

I love expo/react native

getDerivedSwaggerFromHacker
@hackerswagger

Big enterprise app guy here. Expo is the best! In the time another team experimented with all the new repack module federation nonsense I've got our two apps using expo CNG and almost done with new architecture. We have a mini app architecture and it's a pain.

Product

Star us on GitHub

Expo CLI on GitHub

EAS - Expo Application Services

EAS CLI on GitHub

Expo Go

Expo Orbit

Snack

Resources

Docs

Blog

Changelog

Newsletter

Support

Trust Center

Join Discord

Company

Homepage

Pricing

Customers

Consultants

About

Branding

Work at Expo

Legal

Terms of service

Acceptable use policy

Privacy policy

Privacy explained

Security & Compliance

Enterprise trust

Community guidelines

Copyright © 2025 650 Industries, Inc. All rights reserved.

All Systems Operational
Auto