The HR experience you can't buy anywhere else Skip to content Sales – 866.650.2445 Support – 866.612.3200 Menu Login Menu Menu Log in Solution Our Solutions Human Resources Payroll Benefits Administration Employee Self-Service Demo Expertise Clients Company About the Company Team Resources Careers Contact Menu Log in Solution Our Solutions Human Resources Payroll Benefits Administration Employee Self-Service Demo Expertise Clients Company About the Company Team Resources Careers Contact The HR experience you can’t buy anywhere else. Why ExponentHR? We’re reliable, diligent, genuine, and responsive. We’re not just here to sell you an HR platform. We’re here to build a lasting relationship with a state-of-the-art system that makes your job easier, adds value to your company, and gives you the data you need to reach the pinnacle of your potential. Contact Us Learn more Stop settling. There’s a better way. Do you dread the Open Enrollment process? Receive constant notices regarding incorrect taxation and withholdings? Spend the majority of your time correcting errors that would never have occurred in the first place had the technology worked as it was supposed to? If you’re spending time each day submitting and following up on service tickets, combining reports from various applications or modules, or manipulating and entering journal entries line by line, there is a better way. ExponentHR delivers a better experience for you, your employees, and your organization. Human Resources Payroll Benefits Administration Employee Self-service We specialize in satisfied clients. Before we implemented ExponentHR, it took three HR/benefits/payroll administrators to service 134 employees. With ExponentHR, we were able to reduce our HR overhead by 66%. We now have one HR Professional servicing more than 200 employees while focusing on strategy and value-added programs that drive retention and profits. Lorene Smith, Vice President of Organizational Development On-Target Supplies & Logistics, Ltd Facebook X LinkedIn Instagram © Copyright 2025 · Privacy Policy · Terms of Service 11