Features
Why ExpressVPN
What Is a VPN?
Servers in 105 Countries
Enjoy Sites and Services
VPN for Gaming
No-Logs Policy
Explore All Features
Products
Keys Password Manager
Aircove Routers
Threat Manager
Ad Blocker
Parental Controls
Dedicated IP
ID Alerts
ID Theft Insurance
Data Removal
Credit Scanner
eSIM
Devices
MacOS
Windows PC
iOS (iPhone & iPad)
Android
Linux
Routers
Apple TV
Fire Stick
Android TV
Chrome Extension
Download VPN
Get Help
Support Center
Live Chat
Enter Redemption Code
Blog
For Teams
My Account
Get Started
The VPN that
just works
New Year Deal: Save up to 78%

Get the best deal of the year, including:

Best-in-class, ultra-fast VPN
Secure servers in 105 countries
Ads and malicious sites blocker
Up to 14 devices protected at once
Get New Year Deal

30-DAY MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE FOR NEW USERS

The ExpressVPN Guarantee

Try ExpressVPN with no commitment! If you’re a new user and aren't satisfied in the first 30 days, let us know, and you’ll get your money back.

What is a VPN?

A VPN, or virtual private network, is a secure tunnel between your device and the internet. VPNs protect you from snooping, interference, and censorship.

As you connect to a secure VPN server, your internet traffic goes through an encrypted tunnel that nobody can see into—including hackers, governments, and your internet service provider.

Try ExpressVPN Risk-Free

30-day money-back guarantee for new users

Why ExpressVPN?

Servers in 105 countries
Best-in-class encryption
24-hour live chat support
TrustedServer technology
Lightning-fast speeds
Works on every platform
Use on up to 14* devices
No activity logs
World’s #1 premium VPN

 

*See device details here

Ultra-fast servers around the globe
See All 105 Countries


Save up to 50% with ExpressVPN for Teams
Whether you’re a small team or a larger organization, we’ve got you covered—flexible pricing for up to 500 users, custom plans for larger teams.

ExpressVPN for Teams
What people are saying about ExpressVPN

REVIEWS
Excellent

I have ExpressVPN on all my devices - phone, laptop, tablet, AppleTV, etc., and absolutely love it.

TopherZ143

* A sample of reviews from our most satisfied customers

SOCIAL MEDIA COMMENTS

Got an account with @expressvpn yesterday. Great decision for traveling out of the country!

Dustin greiger

@D_Geiger

* A sample of reviews from our most satisfied customers

TECH EXPERT ANALYSIS

With its consistent performance and reliable security, ExpressVPN is the best VPN out there.

* We sometimes pay expert sites for customer referrals

As seen on

Benefits and advantages of VPN
Change your location

Using a VPN changes your IP address, the unique number that identifies you and where you are in the world. A new IP address makes it harder to determine your identity and real location. With ExpressVPN, you can appear to be in the UK, U.S., Canada, Australia, or any of 105 countries.

Protect your privacy

Changing your IP address with a VPN helps shield your identity from websites, apps, and services that want to track you. Good VPNs also prevent your internet provider, mobile carrier, and anyone else who may be listening from seeing your activity, thanks to a layer of strong encryption.

Increase your security

Using a VPN protects you from security breaches in many forms, including packet sniffing, rogue Wi-Fi networks, and man-in-the-middle attacks. Travelers, remote workers, and all kinds of on-the-go individuals use a VPN whenever they’re on an untrusted network like free public Wi-Fi.

Try ExpressVPN Risk-Free

30-day money-back guarantee for new users



When should I use a VPN?

If privacy is important to you, you should use a VPN every time you connect to the internet. A VPN app runs in the background of your device so it won’t get in the way while you use other apps and browse the internet. And you’ll have peace of mind knowing your privacy is always protected.

But here are some situations in which a VPN is especially useful:

While traveling

Exploring the world doesn’t mean you have to change the way you use the internet. A VPN lets you use the internet as if you were still in your home country, no matter how far you travel.

While having fun

A VPN lets you enjoy the sites and services you like without ISP throttling that could detract from your experience or outright blocking by your ISP or local Wi-Fi network.

While on public Wi-Fi

Connecting to public Wi-Fi hotspots like those in cafes, airports, and parks could leave your private information vulnerable. Using a VPN on your devices keeps you safe with strong encryption.

While gaming

Using a VPN unlocks games, maps, skins, and other add-ons that might be restricted on your network. It also shields you from DDoS attacks and reduces ping and overall lag.

While file-sharing

P2P file sharing usually means that strangers can see your IP address and possibly track your downloads. A VPN keeps your IP address private, letting you download with increased anonymity.

While shopping

Some online stores show different prices to people in different countries. With a VPN, you can find the best deals in the world no matter where you’re shopping from.

How does a VPN work?

To understand how a VPN works, it helps to first understand how your internet connection works without one.

Without a VPN

When you access a website without a VPN, you are being connected to that site through your internet service provider, or ISP. The ISP assigns you a unique IP address that can be used to identify you to the website. Because your ISP is handling and directing all your traffic, it can see which websites you visit. And your activity can be linked to you by that unique IP address.

With a VPN

When you connect to the internet with a VPN, the VPN app on your device (also called a VPN client) establishes a secure connection with a VPN server. Your traffic still passes through your ISP, but your ISP can no longer read it or see its final destination. The websites you visit can no longer see your original IP address, only the IP address of the VPN server, which is shared by many other users and changes regularly.

Not Connected
Here are several key concepts related to VPN that will help you understand how a VPN works and the benefits it provides:

Proxying

The VPN server acts like a proxy, or stand-in, for your web activity: Instead of your real IP address and location, websites you visit will only see the IP address and location of the VPN server.

This makes you more anonymous on the internet.

Authentication

Establishing a secure connection is a tricky problem solved by clever mathematics in a process called authentication.

Once authenticated, the VPN client and VPN server can be sure they are talking to each other and no one else.

Tunneling

VPNs also protect the connection between client and server with tunneling and encryption.

Tunneling is a process by which each data packet is encapsulated inside another data packet. This makes it harder for third parties to read in transit.

Encryption

Data inside the tunnel is also encrypted in such a way that only the intended recipient can decrypt it. This keeps the contents of your internet traffic completely private. Even your internet service provider won’t see it.

Try ExpressVPN Risk-Free

30-day money-back guarantee for new users

Types of VPN

Commercial VPN

A commercial VPN, also called a personal VPN or a consumer VPN, is a private service offered directly to individuals, usually for a fee.

ExpressVPN is such a VPN service because it directly caters to the privacy needs of its customers.

Corporate VPN

A corporate VPN, also called a business VPN, allows an organization’s remote employees to connect securely to the internet as if they were physically present in the office.

Unlike commercial VPNs, however, corporate VPNs are meant to protect the privacy of the company and not necessarily the individual.

Self-setup VPN

Some tech experts and DIY hobbyists choose to set up their own VPN using their own equipment.

Self-setup VPNs, however, do not provide the protection of shared IP addresses, server locations in multiple countries, or many other features enjoyed by commercial VPN users.

FAQ
Why is ExpressVPN one of the best VPN providers?
How to choose a VPN provider?
What are the most important things when it comes to VPN?
Are VPNs legal?
Is ExpressVPN trustworthy?
Why choose ExpressVPN over a free VPN?
Can VPN bypass censorship?
Which devices does ExpressVPN support?
Can I use ExpressVPN while traveling or on vacation?

Live, 24-hour customer support

Real support from real people. We’re available through instant live chat and email to help you set up and troubleshoot.

Contact Support

30-day money-back guarantee

Our VPN is easy to use. So is our guarantee for new users. If you’re not satisfied, just ask Support for a full refund. No hassle, no risk.

Get ExpressVPN

What is malware?
What is a network security key?
Are VPNs legal?
How to change the location on your iPhone
What is a digital footprint?
Show More
VPN for All Devices
Download ExpressVPN
MacOS
Windows PC
iOS (iPhone & iPad)
Android
Linux
Routers
Apple TV
Fire Stick
Android TV
Chrome Extension
VPN Server Locations
Servers in 105 Countries
US VPN
UK VPN
Canada VPN
Australia VPN
Features
Explore All Features
Risk-Free VPN Trial
Plans and Pricing
Products
Keys Password Manager
Aircove Routers
eSIM
Identity Defender
About ExpressVPN
About Us
Trust Center
Rights Center
Security Audits
ExpressVPN Reviews
Our Experts
Press
Careers
Programs
Tottenham Hotspur
Brooklyn Nets
Partner with Us
Affiliates
Influencers
Student Discount
Get Help
VPN Setup Tutorials
FAQ
Contact Us
Buy VPN
Learn More
What is a VPN?
What Is My IP?
Hide My IP
Top 5 VPN Uses
Blog
 

© 2025 ExpressVPN. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookie Preferences
Need help? Chat with us!
Online