ExpressTURN - Free and Premium TURN Servers ExpressTURN Dashboard Service TURN Test Tool Pricing FAQ Support Dashboard Login To ExpressTURN Your Email Your Password Sign in Don’t have an account? Sign up Forgot Password? Password Reset Your Email Reset Password Reset Your Password Choose Password Confirm Password Reset Password Create your account Email Email Your Password By creating an account, you agree to the Terms and Conditions , and our Privacy Policy Sign up Already registered? Sign in Select Payment Method Credit Card PayPal Bitcoin Dashboard TURN Servers Username Password Secret Key (use port 3478 or 3480) Refresh Username, Password, and Secret Key Refresh Credentials Your account is in Free mode. Purchase Premium to access all locations and features. Upgrade Now Your account is Premium. Reset Password Bandwidth Usage Free TURN Servers ExpressTURN provides fast, free and reliable TURN servers for your WebRTC applications and services. Get Started Learn More Service Features Enable WebRTC connectivity for your applications and services. Easy Setup Easily integrate our TURN servers with your WebRTC app, VoIP platform, or web service. Get started for free. Generous Free Plan Check out our free plan, it supports TCP and UDP on port 3478, and is limited to 1000 GB of traffic per month. Ports and Protocols We support both TCP and UDP on the standard TURN port 3478 as well as ports 80 and 443 for bypassing firewalls. STUN also supported. Connectivity TURN servers allow for NAT transversal, allowing peers to connect to each other behind routers and firewalls. Global Network Choose from over a dozen distributed regional TURN server locations worldwide including the Americas, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Oceania. 30 Day Refund Policy If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with our service, you may request a full refund within 30 days of purchase. Server Locations Pricing Subscribe to the Premium plan for access to all TURN locations and support for all features. $ 9 /mo Premium Premium access to all locations, includes 5,000 GB data transfer. Purchase Purchase Supports STUN and TURN Supports TCP and UDP Supports TURNS with SSL Supports ports 80 and 443 Supports Long Term Credentials Mechanism Supports Shared Secret Authentication Email Support 30 Day Refund Policy FAQ What is ExpressTURN? ExpressTURN provides a global cloud network of TURN servers for your WebRTC applications and services. What is a TURN Server? TURN, or Traversal Using Relays around NAT, is a protocol that helps WebRTC applications traverse NATs or firewalls. It allows clients to send and receive data through a relay server. TURN is particularly useful for clients on networks that use symmetric NAT devices. What is WebRTC? WebRTC, short for Web Real-Time Communication, is a technology that enables browsers and other devices to communicate with each other in real-time without the need for an intermediary. This technology can be used for various purposes such as video conferencing, file sharing, screen sharing, and broadcasting. What is ICE and How Does it Work? ICE (Interactive Connectivity Establishment) is a protocol used in real-time communication to establish connections between endpoints efficiently. It utilizes STUN (Session Traversal Utilities for NAT) and TURN (Traversal Using Relay around NAT) protocols to achieve this. ICE works by gathering different types of connection candidates, such as host, server reflexive, peer reflexive, and relay candidates. It then tests these candidates based on their connectivity and prioritizes them to ensure the best possible routes for media flow. This dynamic selection process optimizes connection establishment, improving the overall performance of real-time communication applications. What are some privacy and security benefits of using a TURN server? Without using TURN servers, WebRTC using another protocol called STUN, which can expose the IP address of the connecting peers, leaving users at risk of denial-of-service attacks, location compromises, or various hacks. STUN, or Session Traversal Utilities for NAT, is a protocol that allows applications to detect the presence of NATs and firewalls and determine the peer's IP address behind a NAT. By implementing a TURN server, there is no requirement for users to share personal information such as IP addresses with each other. What authentication methods does ExpressTURN support? There are multiple ways to authenticate with a TURN server. ExpressTURN supports both the long-term credentials mechanism (server setting "lt-cred-mech") and shared secret-based authentication (server setting "static-auth-secret"). The shared secret authentication method is available only to Premium customers. Do ExpressTURN servers support TCP Relay? Yes, all ExpressTURN servers support TCP relaying (specification RFC6062).  This is a mode of data transport that acts like a proxy: data is received from one peer over a TCP connection, then forwards it to the other peer over TCP. Can I see how much bandwidth or traffic my account has used? Yes, bandwidth reporting is available for all paid accounts.  Simply click the chart icon at the top left of the dashboard to view a chart of your used traffic each month. How to use the secrey key authentication method to create termporary credentials? Yes, you can check the Secret Key Authentication Examples page for details on how to configure your application to use ExpressTURN's secret key authentication method. Does ExpressTURN  support GeoDNS to provide the closest server to my location? Yes, ExpressTURN supports GeoDNS. This means you can provide a single TURN server or hostname in your application and the traffic will be GeoDNS routed automatically. This helps reduce latency and improves connection quality by directing application traffic to the nearest available TURN server. This method is similar to Anycast, however instead of announcing same IP address multiple locations like Anycast, GeoDNS uses DNS routing to provide different IP addresses for different client regions. To use the GeoDNS feature, select the last TURN server from the bottom of the list in the dashboard. This feature is available for Premium accounts. Need Help? Open a Ticket Your ticket has been submitted. Your Name Your Email Your Message Submit Ticket TURN Server Test Tool Server IP or Host Server Port Authentication Method Username & Password Secret Key Username Password Secret Key Test Server TURN Test Results Start New Test Fast, free and reliable TURN servers for your WebRTC applications and services. Service Service Features Pricing Blog Affiliates Get Help Policies Terms of Service Refund Policy Privacy Policy © ExpressTURN 2025