Affordable Short & Long-Term Hotels & Suites | Extended Stay America A new way to STAY: Introducing newly renovated hotels. Hi, My Account Sign Out Extended Perks Sign In/Join Join Today. Save Today. Join now and complete your profile to open the door to countless benefits, including an Exclusive Member Rate, Instant Savings and Free Perks. Join Now Learn More Sign In Already a member login now. Email Email is required Password Password is required Credentials invalid or username not found. You will be required to reset your password after five failed attempts. Forgot username or password? My Stays For Reservations 800.804.3724 Book Now Welcome, My Account My Reservations My Deals Sign Out Sign In Not a member? Learn More My Stays Locations Why STAY Business Travel Special Offers A new way to STAY: Introducing newly renovated hotels. Contact Us For Reservations 800.804.3724 Sign In Username Username is case sensitive. Email is required Password Password is required Sign In Credentials invalid or username not found. You will be required to reset your password after five failed attempts. Forgot username or password? Not a member? Join free now Go to Menu Find Hotels WHERE DO YOU WANT TO STAY Please enter a location Dates Check in Check out Press Space to open datepicker, then navigate dates using the arrow keys and select them with the return or space key Rooms & Guests 1 Room : 1 Guest Rooms Adults Children Accessible Special Rate Promo Code Please enter a code Best Available Rates Corporate Code * Enter Code Press Tab to enter required code, Shift+Tab to return to rate selection Promo Code * Enter Code Press Tab to enter required code, Shift+Tab to return to rate selection Senior Discount Auto Club/AAA Government & Military Find Hotels × Join now and lock in your member rate Join Now × Sign In Already a member login now. Email is required Password is required Credentials invalid or username not found. You will be required to reset your password after five failed attempts. Forgot username or password? × Create User Account *Indicates Required Field Email Please enter a valid email address Password Password must contain: Minimum 8 characters No spaces One uppercase letter One lowercase letter One number One of these special characters: #?!@$%^&*-_ Account Information First Name* Please enter a valid first name Last Name* Please enter a valid last name Zip / Postal Code* Please enter a valid zip / postal code Phone Number* Please enter a valid phone number Create Profile STAY longer. Save today. Save up to 45%* | Use promo code: TODAY WHERE DO YOU WANT TO STAY * Please enter a location Check in Check out Press Space to open datepicker, then navigate dates using the arrow keys and select them with the return or space key Rooms & Guests 1 Room : 1 Guest Rooms Adults Children Accessible Special Rate Promo Code Please enter a code Best Available Rates Corporate Code * Enter Code Press Tab to enter required code, Shift+Tab to return to rate selection Promo Code * Enter Code Press Tab to enter required code, Shift+Tab to return to rate selection Senior Discount Auto Club/AAA Government & Military Find Hotels A family of brands from the leader in extended stay hotels Welcome to Extended Stay America, a family of brands where genuine care is always there. With three brands to choose from, we make it easier than ever to STAY connected, STAY productive, STAY relaxed and STAY longer. All our hotels feature spacious suites with full kitchens and free wi-fi. Our STAY longer. Save more.® discount makes us the perfect place to stay a week, a month or longer. Sign up today. Get 10% off. Join our free rewards program today for weekly hotel deals and instant rewards. JOIN NOW Wi-fi whenever. A kitchen stocked with kitchen things. Room for the whole family. Even the four-legged ones. Laundry 24/7. Folding when you feel like it. Our Newest Hotels Holiday savings for your next extended stay! Save with code TODAY > Affordable rates, no hidden fees and kitchens in every suite. Learn more > Company Blog Military Makeover Human Trafficking Prevention About Us Media Center FAQs Affiliate Program Travel Agents American Cancer Society Sitemap Guest Relations Franchise Opportunities Careers Top Destinations Atlanta Hotels Seattle Hotels Houston Hotels Austin Hotels Boston Hotels Charlotte Hotels Chicago Hotels Orlando Hotels Washington, D.C. Hotels Los Angeles Hotels San Francisco Hotels Dallas/Fort Worth Services & Programs Grubhub STAY Awhile STAY Counted Digital Nomad Extended Perks Book Direct That feels like home Kitchens Renovations STAYconfident Best Rate Guarantee Temporary Housing Groups & Meetings Pet-Friendly Hotels Monthly Rate Hotels Weekly Rate Hotels Accessibility Mobile Special Offers Student Housing Here for You STAY longer. Save more. ® Military & Government Rates Senior Rates Advance Purchase Rate Kids Stay Free Authorization Form Sign Up to Receive Special Offers Email Address Please enter a valid email address This email is already registered Sign Up By submitting this form you are acknowledging that you agree to the Terms and Conditions Thank you for signing up! Connect with Us © 2020-2025 Extended Stay America | All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Manage My Cookies You are now leaving esa.com to go to Franchise Opportunities https://franchise.extendedstayamerica.com Continue to Franchise You are being redirected to the website for ESA Management, LLC: https://esamgmt.com/ Continue to Careers Your Extended Perks account has been deleted. Your booking has been cancelled