Extension Foundation – A Partner to Cooperative Extension News Funding Opportunities About Team & Board of Directors Find Extension in Your State Extension Acronyms Contact Member Benefits Current Members Professional Development Leadership and Team Development Campus Campus Procedures Catalog Member Solutions Video Resource Library National Initiatives AgriProspects Workforce Development Network EXCITE FADI-EDEN Impact Collaborative National Program Action Teams NextGen Technical Advising New Technologies for Ag Extension Pesticide Safety Education Funds Management Program Tools Extension Foundation AI ExtensionBot 2025 National AI Report Ask Extension National Registry Of Cooperative Extension Programs & Assets Connect National Cooperative Extension Projects Search Extension Team Health Dashboard Publications Services Conference & Event Services Extension Lab Search Menu Menu National Scope. Local Impact. The Extension Foundation empowers a national network of community-based educators, volunteers, and partners to turn knowledge into real-world solutions for stronger communities and people. Previous Next Find Extension in Your State New Online Course Available! Roots to Results: An Overview of the Cooperative Extension System A free, self-paced online course for new Extension professionals, partners, and anyone seeking foundational understanding about Extension. Learn More Cooperative Exension Professional? Use our tool to get familiar with the Extension Foundation and it’s tools, programs, and services. Get Started Membership Membership in the Extension Foundation is available to all Land-grant institutions. Membership grants access to our Member Services including Professional Development and Leadership Development, and supports the work we do in all of our programs. current members National Initiatives Advancing New Technologies Technical Advising Services Workforce Development and Credentialing Disaster Preparedness and Response Health and Wellbeing Agriculture Innovation & Organizational Sustainability Expanding Local Impact at a National Level Learn More Tools ASK Extension Connect Registry ExtensionBot Campus 2024 Annual Report Learn more about the organization and our work by reading the Extension Foundation’s 2024 Annual Report. Annual Report NTAE Yearbook This publication shares how project teams improve human, environmental, and community health. Yearbook Latest News December 11, 2025 / by Aaron Weibe Extension Foundation Launches Extension Lab! — Leadership & Organizational Health Support for our Partners at Land-grant Institutions December 9, 2025 / by mpugsley 2026 AI Fundraising & Grants Workshop Series December 4, 2025 / by Aaron Weibe AgriProspects Workforce Development Network Seeks Coordinator for Western and 1994 Regions SEE ALL NEWS Latest Publication All 1 / Publications 1 New Technologies for Ag Extension 2024-2025 Yearbook SEE ALL PUBLICATIONS Extension Foundation has been recognized as one of the Top Impact Companies for the Real Leaders Impact Awards! “In its sixth year, Real Leaders®, a Global Media, CEO network, and Certified B Corp, dedicated to inspiring the future of business, is thrilled to announce the 2024 Top Impact Companies. With over 500 applications from 15+ countries, the awards ranked privately-owned companies by asking 30 questions within 6 categories of I.M.P.A.C.T (Intention, Model, People, Accountability, Collaboration, and Transformation) to vet and rank companies based on those parameters…” Learn More Quick Links Find Extension in Your State Search Extension Impact Collaborative Connect Extension About Team & Board Annual Report Contact Us Membership Campus Ask Extension Tools Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Careers Our mission is to empower a national network of community-based educators, volunteers, and partners to turn knowledge into real-world solutions for stronger communities and people. Terms of Use The Extension Foundation is a nonprofit established in 2006 by Extension Directors and Administrators nationwide. Extension Foundation is embedded in the U.S. Cooperative Extension System and serves on Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP). This website is supported in part by New Technologies for Ag Extension (funding opportunity no. USDA-NIFA-OP-010186), grant no. 2023-41595-41325 from the USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture. Any opinions, findings, conclusions, or recommendations expressed in this publication are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the view of the U.S. Department of Agriculture or the Extension Foundation. Sign up for our Newsletter Stay up to date with the Extension Foundation. Subscribe © 2025 Extension Foundation. All rights reserved. Facebook X LinkedIn Soundcloud Scroll to top