Skip to content
Who we are
What we do
Sustainability
Community
Newsroom
Investors
Careers
Global

INVESTOR RELATIONS

2025 Corporate Plan Update
View event details
Read the press release 
2025 Corporate Plan Update
ExxonMobil announces third quarter 2025 financial results
ExxonMobil Global Outlook

Bacalhau online: ExxonMobil begins first deepwater production in Brazil
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM)

$120.53

 

 $1.42 (1.19%)

 

4:00pm ET • Dec. 29, 2025

The need for energy is universal. That's why ExxonMobil scientists and engineers are pioneering new research and pursuing new technologies to reduce emissions while creating more efficient fuels. We're committed to responsibly meeting the world's energy needs.
Who we are

Trending topics

Carbon capture and storage
Carbon capture
Advanced recycling
Materials for modern living
EU Competitiveness: practical policy for a better future
Hydrogen
Hydrogen
Lower-emission fuels
Transforming transportation

Latest news

New research shows how popular plastic packaging compares to alternative materials
Advanced recycling

3 min read

Transformation delivering higher earnings, stronger cash flow, and greater returns
Investor relations

3 min read

Taking Indian talent to the world stage
India

2 min read

Digital minds, global solutions: KLTC’s virtual way of working
Asia Pacific

2 min read

Together, unlocking Indonesia’s energy potential
Indonesia

3 min read

Connecting U.S. industry growth: ExxonMobil announces investment to increase the capacity of the Enterprise Products Bahia natural gas liquids pipeline
Permian Basin

2 min read

Our global organization

ExxonMobil's three primary businesses provide products that enable modern life, including energy, chemicals, lubricants, and lower-emissions technologies. We have an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and we're one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world.

UPSTREAM

Focused on strengthening energy security by expanding low-cost-of-supply, high-return oil and natural gas operations.

Learn more about our Upstream business
PRODUCT SOLUTIONS

Integrating our downstream and chemical operations to develop lower-emission fuels and innovative products critical to modern society.

Learn more about our Downstream business
Learn more about our Chemical business
LOW CARBON SOLUTIONS

Helping reduce emissions by providing solutions to our industrial and commercial customers in growing markets for carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and biofuels.

Learn more about our Low Carbon Solutions business
Our global brands

ExxonMobil manages an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and is one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. We’ve evolved our operating model and global organization to better leverage the scale of our increasingly integrated company and global brands.

Explore our global brands
About us
Our history
Corporate governance
Management Committee
Guiding principles
Policy
Suppliers
Careers
Explore career paths
Benefits
Investing in people
Global diversity
Job openings
Motorists
Find a service station
Loyalty and payment
Synergy™ Fuels
Motor oils and other lubricants
Careers
 News
 Investors
 Owner relations
 Contact us
 Subscribe

Privacy center 

 

Privacy policy 

 

Terms and conditions 

 

Resources

© Copyright 2003-2025 Exxon Mobil Corporation. All Rights Reserved.

By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of optional cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. If you wish to adjust your cookie settings, please click “Customize Cookies”. You can also learn more by clicking Privacy Policy
Customize cookies
Accept all cookies