Stream Wireless Audio, WiFi Audio, Assistive Listening | ExXothermic Inc. Home How it Works Customers +1 (408) 647-5481 Blog General News Events Press Releases Business Talk Tech Talk More Cloud Login Contact Us Support Select Page Stream Audio over WiFi for Assistive Listening Stream Audio Via WiFi in Sports Bars Stream Audio Via WiFi in Fitness Centers Stream Audio Via WiFi in Waiting Areas Stream Audio Via WiFi in Restaurants Wireless Audio with Smart Phones in Churches ExXothermic powers leading brands in low-latency WiFi streaming AppAudio from MYE Technologies Why AppAudio? MYE Fitness Entertainment is the industry’s largest and most trusted provider of entertainment products including the AppAudio Audio Over Wi-Fi system. MYE AppAudio is integrated in leading club mobile apps including Gold’s Gym, Planet Fitness, LA Fitness, 24 Hour Fitness, Netpulse, Virtuagym MobileFit and many more. The AppAudio app is also integrated in the console of leading cardio machine brands including Technogym and others coming in 2018 including Matrix, Precor and others. Audio Everywhere from Listen Technologies Why Audio Everywhere? Listen Technologies believes everyone deserves to hear the world around them. The company’s products equip users with the personalized solutions they need to listen and engage in environments where hearing is difficult, whether they’re in a house of worship, tour group, restaurant or bar, stadium, or other venue. Listen Technologies develops innovative products that minimize the impact from noise, distance, clashing conversations, hearing loss, and other audio challenges. In addition, Listen believes in building strong partnerships to ensure the best customer experience with the best technology. To learn more about how Listen Technologies provides a better way to hear the world, visit www.listentech.com . Our Blog Nine hints for better, cleaner WiFi audio streaming Jul 27, 2017 | Tech Talk If at all possible, use the 5 GHz rather than the 2.4 GHz band. The 2.4 GHz band has the advantages that inexpensive or old Android phones cannot receive 5 GHz and that the 2.4 GHz band penetrates walls better and has slightly more range. But 2.4 GHz has numerous... read more Balancing bandwidth considerations Feb 22, 2017 | Tech Talk When looking at a streaming WiFi audio system, there are several potential bandwidth bottlenecks. The Ethernet Switch The Venue Server The Wi-Fi Access Points IP Address space In our last technical blog, here, we looked at the Wi-Fi access points. Access points must... read more Load testing WiFi access points Feb 16, 2017 | Tech Talk We have recently been load testing WiFi access points for use with WiFi audio streaming. We had a lot of questions on the results because the specifications of enterprise grade WiFi do not really address our special case. One one hand, they talk about bandwidth, but... read more Soft gain adjustments Feb 22, 2016 | Tech Talk Version 2.40 of our venue server software introduced soft gain limiting for our gain adjustment function. This is for use in cases where the audio volume of a particular source is too low and must be boosted. The gain is adjustable in 6 dB increments. That is, every... read more This part of the website is still under development How it Works Awards Tools White Papers SDKs About ExXothermic Inc. How it Works Events Contact Us Sitemap Cloud Server Login Join our List! Get monthly info with tips you can use, events, webinars, and new products. SUBSCRIBE You have successfully subscribed. Check your inbox for more info! We'll never share your information and you can unsubscribe with a single click anytime. Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress Home About Legal Intellectual Property Privacy Policy Terms of Use If you liked this blog please sign up for our newsletter Join now Your Information will never be shared with any third party Don't show this window again Audio Everywhere is the leading supplier of Wi-Fi Audio to Smartphones and Tablets.  Please sign up now to receive our occasional newsletters. Sports Bars and Restaurants Gyms and Fitness locations Casinos Houses of Worship Education and Universities Hospitals and Medical Offices Waiting Rooms Transit Digital Signage Assistive Listening