Eyecon | Home Features About FAQ Contact Us Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Home Features About FAQ Contact Us Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow See who’s calling you anytime, anywhere Caller ID and Spam Blocking like you’ve never seen before Visualize your connections Eyecon turns every call into a face so you can decide who to talk to Trust Trusted by over 60 million people, Eyecon allows YOU to always choose who to trust. ”Cut out SPAM and answer only the calls that you want!” Smart Innovative features make connecting with your contacts fun, intuitive and insightful. “It feels like Eyecon can read your mind with its suggestions! Communication Use our smart dialer to stay in touch with your community on your social platforms. “I access my friends’ social media straight from their contact info!” Privacy Cutting edge technology lets you access your contacts with the highest privacy standards. “With Eyecon I know that my contacts are safe.” Features Eyecon is packed with loads of features so you can have the best phone experience possible a Reverse Look Up Get Photo Personalized Feed Super Spam Blocker Visual Caller ID WhatsApp Facebook Statistics a Contact Manager SMS Can Talk Navigate Backup Dark Mode Free Premium Calendar Reverse Look Up Search unknown numbers: Simply enter a phone number and find the name and photo of that person. Get Photo Get Photo allows you to match your loved one with their best online photo. Personalized feed We curate relevant statistics, live dynamic media and content based on what’s most relevant for YOU. Super Spam Blocker Best in-class blocking of unwanted spammers and scammers! Visual Caller ID Eyecon identifies the name and PHOTO of whoever called you, even if they aren't in your contact list-the only way you can truly know who’s calling. WhatsApp Received a call from a number not in your contact list? Now you can reply to them via WhatsApp without adding them to your contacts! Facebook Connect to your contacts’ social media profile straight from the app in just one click Statistics Learn all about who calls who the most, the last time you called someone and a whole range of fascinating call insights. Contact Manager Smart contact list includes smart sorting, navigation, and merging of duplicate contacts SMS Why open a separate app for SMS? See all your messages directly in Eyecon. Can Talk Check in with friends, work colleagues and family to see if they are available to speak before calling. The polite way to ask someone if they “Can Talk” Navigate Save your contacts’ addresses in Eyecon and navigate with a single click - on Waze, Google Maps or your default navigation app. Backup Is your phone lost? Broken? Did you upgrade? We’ve got you covered! With one click, you can restore all your Eyecon data on a new phone. Dark Mode Reduce eye strain and save battery life with Eyecon in dark mode Free Premium There are many ways to get Premium Eyecon for Free. Check out our Premium Page to see how you can get all our amazing functionality, totally ad-free! Calendar Add events to calendar after a call while the call is still fresh in your mind. Our users love us Highest ranked in category: More than half a million five star reviews on Google Play Download Eyecon now PRODUCT Features Download for Android Download for iPhone Download APK COMPANY About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow