Comparative Rater - Agency Management Systems (AMS) – Insurance CRM Software | EZLynx Skip to content × (877) 932-2382 Contact Us Product Support Login (877) 932-2382 Login Products Products All-in-One Management System Comparative Rater Agency Websites View All Products What's New in EZLynx Explore the latest capabilities in our Product Hub. View Now → Solutions By Stage New Agency Newly Independent Growing Agencies Expanding Commercial Lines Multi-Location Agencies By Use Case Artificial Intelligence Servicing & Policy Management Sales & Marketing Renewals & Client Retention Accounting & Payments Native Rating & Submissions View All Solutions By Business Model Independent Agent Agent Network Carrier/Insurer Insurance Cross-Seller (QAS) Why EZLynx Why EZLynx Our Difference Success Stories Product Comparison Onboarding & Support Technology Partners Real Customers, Real Wins Explore real-world success stories from clients who achieved measurable results through our partnership. View Stories → Resources Resources Blog Brochures & Data Sheets Calculators, Quizzes & Tools Demos eBooks, Guides & Infographics Reports and Research Videos Webinars Applicable Resources Browse guides, webinars, and more to learn how our products work and how they can help you succeed. Browse Resources → Company Company About Us Awards News Careers Join our Growing Team If you want to make an impact, and grow your career in a supportive environment, check out our open opportunities. Learn More → Free Trial Buy Now Free Trial Products Solutions Why EZLynx Resources Company Free Trial Buy Now (877) 932-2382 Contact Us Product Support Login Products Products All-in-One Management System Comparative Rater Agency Websites View All Products What's New in EZLynx Explore the latest capabilities in our Product Hub. View Now Solutions By Stage New Agency Newly Independent Growing Agencies Expanding Commercial Lines Multi-Location Agencies By Use Case Artificial Intelligence Servicing & Policy Management Sales & Marketing Renewals & Client Retention Accounting & Payments Native Rating & Submissions View All Solutions By Business Model Independent Agent Agent Network Carrier/Insurer Insurance Cross-Seller (QAS) Why EZLynx Why EZLynx Our Difference Success Stories Product Comparison Onboarding & Support Technology Partners Real Customers, Real Wins Explore real-world success stories from clients who achieved measurable results through our partnership. View Stories Resources Resources Blog Brochures & Data Sheets Calculators, Quizzes & Tools Demos eBooks, Guides & Infographics Reports and Research Videos Webinars Applicable Resources Browse guides, webinars, and more to learn how our products work and how they can help you succeed. Browse Resources Company Company About Us Awards News Careers Join our Growing Team If you want to make an impact, and grow your career in a supportive environment, check out our open opportunities. Learn More Search Be twice as productive. Run your insurance agency in one system. Grow, manage and scale your insurance agency from one easy-to-use management system. Built-in automation and AI help your team get more done in less time and drive more agency growth than peers using any other technology system. Free Trial Buy Now EZLynx powers more independent agencies than any other agency management software 100+ New Agencies Choose EZLynx Every Month 7M+ Quotes Per Month 25B+ In Total Premium One system to run and grow your entire agency EZLynx is the easiest-to-use, all-in-one agency management system built for startup and growth-focused insurance agencies. It helps manage and automate every stage of the insurance policy lifecycle. With built-in automation and artificial intelligence, agents can handle new policy quotes, renewals, and service requests faster, making your agents twice as productive. Enabling independent insurance agents to do more every day EZLynx Agency Management System Run your full operations efficiently with  one platform for your entire agency. EZLynx Agency Management System Your agency shouldn’t be paper-based or spread across multiple software solutions. EZLynx simplifies daily tasks by organizing quotes, policies, documents, service requests, and client communications in one place, so your team can stay productive and focused. Learn More EZLynx Comparative Rater Quote multiple carriers in real time with just one entry. EZLynx Comparative Rater Rekeying data into each individual carrier portal wastes precious time you can’t afford to lose. EZLynx Rating Engine™ provides real-time quotes from multiple carriers with just one entry. It connects to more carriers (over 330!) and can quote more personal lines products than any other comparative rater, helping you save time, reduce errors, and deliver fast, accurate quotes to clients. Learn More EZLynx Agency Websites Launch a modern website that brings in leads and builds your brand. EZLynx Agency Websites Your agency needs a website that’s appealing and easy to find, or you risk losing customers and missing out on prospective new ones. EZLynx creates modern, mobile-friendly websites that help you attract new leads, strengthen your brand, and keep customers connected to your agency around the clock. Learn More EZLynx connects the entire agency lifecycle EZLynx connects every part of your agency – from selling to servicing and renewals – with smart workflow automation. No more juggling systems. Everything you need is in one easy-to-use package. EZLynx is insurance technology designed by entrepreneurs, for entrepreneurs. Whether you are starting your agency or are a third-generation owner, EZLynx is the all-in-one solution for growing, managing, and scaling your operations. EZLynx helps you grow through a combination of embedded PL rating, sales and marketing automation, and commercial lines submission support. EZLynx helps you manage your book of business with best-in-class policy management, renewal management, accounting, and reporting. EZLynx helps you scale your business with built-in automation and AI tools that take on your busywork so you can be the most productive. Solutions for every agency stage New Agency Newly Independent Growing Agencies Expanding Commercial Lines Multi-Location Agencies Build a strong foundation from day one. EZLynx provides everything a new agency needs to sell, service and grow, without the cost and complexity of multiple systems. Learn More One login for everything: rating, CRM, AMS and more Affordable and scalable for small teams Built-in automation to get more done without increasing staff Make your transition to becoming an independent agency smooth. EZLynx gives you everything you need to run your agency independently and get connected to new markets, with applications to stay competitive, compliant and efficient. Learn More Simple data migration and setup Full suite of tools under one login Gain control over your brand, data and growth Scale confidently with policy workflows that grows with your agency. EZLynx brings structure, visibility and automation to help you onboard clients faster, close more deals, and maintain excellent customer service as you expand. Learn More Automate daily tasks to remove manual work Track performance with built-in analytics Maintain consistency across processes as you grow Unlock new revenue opportunities by expanding beyond personal lines. EZLynx makes it easy for your agency to grow its commercial book of business with tools designed to simplify and streamline quoting. Learn More Simplify submissions and quoting Eliminate manual data entry and duplicate work Win more business with faster, more accurate quotes Unify operations across locations and teams. EZLynx supports complex enterprise needs through automation, multi-branch visibility and advanced reporting. Learn More Centralized data and management tools Custom permissions for locations, teams and roles Enterprise-level reporting and analytics Solutions for every agency stage New Agency Build a strong foundation from day one. EZLynx provides everything a new agency needs to sell, service and grow, without the cost and complexity of multiple systems. Learn More Newly Independent Make your transition to becoming an independent agency smooth. EZLynx gives you everything you need to run your agency independently and get connected to new markets, with applications to stay competitive, compliant and efficient. Learn More Growing Agencies Scale confidently with policy workflows that grows with your agency. EZLynx brings structure, visibility and automation to help you onboard clients faster, close more deals, and maintain excellent customer service as you expand. Learn More Expanding Commercial Lines Unlock new revenue opportunities by expanding beyond personal lines. EZLynx makes it easy for your agency to grow its commercial book of business with tools designed to simplify and streamline quoting. Learn More Multi-Location Agencies Unify operations across locations and teams. EZLynx supports complex enterprise needs through automation, multi-branch visibility and advanced reporting. Learn More What our customers are saying See how EZLynx empowers agents to increase productivity and generate more revenue. “EZLynx gives StreetSmart Insurance the support it needs to improve customer communication, get more done, and grow.” Carlo Ferrara Chief Operating Officer, StreetSmart Insurance “Our agency has relied on paper records for decades, and while this may have served our needs in the past, it has become clear that a paper-based system makes it too easy for errors and omissions to occur. EZLynx will be a tremendous asset in creating a digital record that will keep our customer quotes, policies, claims, and documents all in one organized place, allowing us to be more efficient and reduce the potential for oversights.” Jamie Smith Agency Owner, Wilson Insurance Agency “As someone new to the insurance industry, it was daunting to choose the best system for our business and help us develop into a successful independent agency. But EZLynx gives us a great place to start and meets our present needs while having the ability to adapt as our agency evolves in the future.” Tamara Wilson Co-Owner and Chief Marketing Officer, Ground Up Insurance “EZLynx’s API tools have transformed how we quote and manage data. We’ve built custom workflows that save hours every day and allow us to scale without adding headcount.” Amanda Crawford Director of Operations, Compass Insurance “Providing service is something that has always been #1 on our list for things we wanted to provide people. So now, through the beautiful thing that is EZLynx Client Center, we have connectivity 24 hours a day, even when we’re not available, and that’s a gift that keeps on giving.” Misty Boiler Owner, B&B Insurance Services An award-winning partner that delivers innovative tools to run your agency Latest Resources Latest Blog Insurance Data Analytics for Operational Efficiency EZLynx unlocks the importance of data for agencies and why data analytics tech can change the game. Read Now Webinar A Look at AI That Actually Helps Agents Learn how AI can reduce workload, improve communication and make daily operations smoother. Watch Webinar Guide Discover What Makes EZLynx Your Most Productive Employee See how EZLynx helps you work smarter, save time, and maximize productivity. View Guide Browse All Resources Latest Resources Latest Blog Insurance Data Analytics for Operational Efficiency EZLynx unlocks the importance of data for agencies and why data analytics tech can change the game. Read Now Webinar A Look at AI That Actually Helps Agents Learn how AI can reduce workload, improve communication and make daily operations smoother. Watch Webinar Guide Discover What Makes EZLynx Your Most Productive Employee See how EZLynx helps you work smarter, save time, and maximize productivity. View Guide Browse All Resources Join the thousands of successful agencies who have chosen to make EZLynx their most productive employee. Required Free Trial The leading real-time comparative quoting tool for home and auto insurance. Free Trial 877-932-2382 support@ezlynx.com Products All-In-One Management System Comparative Rater Agency Websites By Stage New Agency Newly Independent Growing Agencies Expanding Commercial Lines Multi-Location Agencies By Use Case Artificial Intelligence Servicing & Policy Management Sales & Marketing Renewals & Client Retention Accounting & Payments Native Ratings & Submissions 877-932-2382 support@ezlynx.com Back to top Copyright © 2025 Applied Systems Inc. All Rights Reserved Legal Privacy System Requirements Manage Your Subscriptions Contact Us Sitemap