Skip to main content

Home

For partners

About F‑Secure

Global

Products

Articles

Support

Free tools

Scam protection

Try for free

Log in

Complete online protection

Stay safe with F‑Secure’s award-winning protection: anti­virus, VPN, identity protection and scam protection, all in one app.

Get protected now
F-Secure Scam Protection now available for €4.99/month

Protect your money and stay safe against banking scams, fake shops, SMS scams and more.

Learn more

For partners: F‑Secure Cyber Threats Guide 2025 is here

Stay ahead in 2025 and get actionable insights that help service providers navigate emerging consumer scams and other critical online threats.

Get your guide

F‑Secure is trusted by more than 30 million people worldwide. Because for 35 years, we’ve made protecting your family’s devices, privacy, identity and online lives easy.

View all awards

More than 200 global brands trust F‑Secure to keep their customers safe.

Online security made easy

F-Secure offers complete digital protection across three key areas: Security defends against viruses, malware, and scams; Privacy shields your online activities from tracking with VPN services; Identity safeguards your personal information and passwords.

Choose individual solutions or get complete protection with F-Secure Total.

Security
Privacy
Identity
All
Defend against malware, scams, and cyber threats

Best value and protection

F-Secure Total

Complete online protection

Advanced antivirus and malware protection

Banking & shopping scam protection

Phishing site blocking and SMS scam filtering

Private browsing with unlimited VPN

Show all features

Protection on public Wi-Fi networks

Password manager with auto-fill

24/7 dark web monitoring for data breaches

Starting from:
€69.99/year
Buy now
Try for free

NEW

F-Secure Scam Protection

Stay safe from online scams everywhere

Shopping and banking scam alerts

Block phishing sites and malicious links

Filter scam SMS messages automatically

Only
€4.99/month
Try for free
F-Secure Internet Security

Award-winning antivirus

Block viruses and malware

Download files and apps safely

Safe banking, browsing and shopping

Scam protection

Starting from:
€49.99/year
Buy now
Try for free

Free support

Secure payment

30-day money-back guarantee

For Windows | Mac | iOS | Android

See what our 30 million customers are saying
Customer reviews
X
News coverage

The most reliable and versatile information security software on the market, reacts immediately to threats and the notification appears on the screen immediately.

– F‑Secure Total customer

It just seems to work well in the back­ground and F‑Secure have kept my computers safe for many years.

– F-Secure Internet Security Customer

Works and is reliable, just great!

– F-Secure VPN Customer

It’s an easy and safe way to save passwords and protect other personal information.

– F-Secure ID Protection Customer

Partners: supercharge your consumer offering today

When it comes to helping our Partners succeed, we’re the experts. That’s because by adding online security to your offering you can:

Increase revenue and ARPU

Boost customer satisfaction

Protect more customers

Find out more today
Get instant results with F‑Secure free tools

Our free tools help you get clarity on your online security, with no strings attached. No joining mailing lists or saving email addresses. Just reliable security tools for you to use whenever.

F‑Secure Online Scanner

Scan and clean up your PC

F‑Secure Online Shopping Checker

Check if a shopping website is safe to buy from

F‑Secure Identity Theft Checker

Check if your personal details have been leaked in a data breach

See all free tools

Free resources for online safety

Whether it’s outsmarting the scammers or staying informed on AI, find out how to avoid risks and stay safe online below.

REPORT
F‑Secured: Your complete guide to online security in 2024

Explore the cyber security threats facing consumers this year, informed by experts at F‑Secure.

ARTICLE
How imposter scams generated billions in one year

From voice cloning and deepfakes to AI-enhanced phishing attempts, learn how to protect your­self from scammers impersonating the people you trust.

ARTICLE
What is identity theft?

Learn how to protect yourself from identity theft, how to spot the signs of a data breach, and discover what to do if your personal details get exposed.

ARTICLE
How to report a scam website fast

Discover how to report a scam website as we reveal five ways to blow the whistle on cyber criminals.

ARTICLE
How AI scam calls work

Online criminals have weaponized artificial intelligence to scam their victims. AI voice scams and fake calls are one malicious form of cyber crime.

F‑Secure makes every digital moment more secure, for everyone.

Home
Products
Renew subscription
Articles
Free tools
My F‑Secure
Contact support
For partners
Why partner with us?
For operators
For retail
For banks
For insurers
Affiliate program
Newsroom
Contact us
About us
Our story
Careers
For media
Sustainability
Contact us
For investors
Subscribe to newsletter
Global
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Cookies
Accessibility
© F-Secure 2025
We use cookies to improve your experience

We use cookies to improve your experience on this and other web­sites. Cookies are text files stored by your browser. They contain information that helps us tailor the content you see on F‑Secure pages, aggregate statistics of site usage and performance, and offer more relevant advertisements of our products and services elsewhere on the web. Accepting all cookies provides you with a better user experience. By using F‑Secure web­sites, you accept the use of cookies. By declining you opt out from optional cookies. You may also adjust your settings to disable certain optional cookies.

Accept all
Decline

Change settings