Skip to Content
games
team
careers (2)
publishing
contact
We're an independent game development studio. 
All our games are available on PC via Steam. Rust is also on Console

Rust

The only aim in Rust is to survive. Everything wants you to die - the island’s wildlife, other inhabitants, the environment, and other survivors. 
Do whatever it takes to last another night.

Garry’s Mod

Built on a modified version of Valve's Source engine, Garry's Mod (or GMod for short) is a physics sandbox. 
There aren't any predefined aims or goals. We give you the tools and leave you to play!

Chippy

Chip away at destructible beings by shooting them apart, pixel-by-pixel in this twin-stick, bullet-hell shooter.
Dodge, shoot, and destroy over 14 challenging and multi-phase bosses!

s&box

Our spiritual successor to Garry's Mod, this is a game creation platform built on the Source 2 engine. 
Play, create, and share games, explore community creations, and experience endless sandbox fun with powerful modern tools.

ALIVE FOR
21

YEARS

GAMES SOLD
47.5

MILLION

SKINS & ITEMS SOLD
60.6

MILLION

About Us

We’re Facepunch, an independent, self-published game developer with an office in Birmingham, UK.

We made Garry’s Mod and Rust, two of the most popular and highly rated Steam games of all time.

It was Garry’s Mod that kicked it all off in 2004, becoming one of the first indie games on Steam in 2006. 
Then Rust came in 2013, releasing officially in 2018. 
And then Chippy in 2019. 
And S&box soon…

We try to be player-first and learn from what our communities tell us. 
We’re PC-first but are interested in other platforms and VR. 

We don’t have conventional management and try to avoid BS - the team decides together what’s best for the game. 
We expect to fail, learn, and improve as we build our games and community relations for the long-term. 

We think we have a pretty open, collaborative, and welcoming work environment and we’re now at 110+ people strong and growing.

And we have a lot more that we want to do!  

Studio

games

team

careers

legal

merch

contact

Games

rust

s&box

garry’s mod

chippy

Social