The American College of Surgeons | ACS Unsupported Browser The American College of Surgeons website is not compatible with Internet Explorer 11, IE 11. For the best experience please update your browser. Quality Programs For Surgeons For Patients ACS Close Member ID Logout Become a Member Login Open Search Menu ACS Home Login Donate to ACS Foundation Run Search About Us Who We Are Governance ACS Foundation Statements Inclusive Excellence ACS Archives History Careers at ACS Advocacy & Policy Overview Federal Legislation State Legislation Regulatory Issues Get Involved SurgeonsPAC Quality Programs About ACS Quality Programs Accreditation & Verification Programs Data & Registries Standards & Staging Research For Surgeons Overview Education Membership & Community Events Clinical Practice Practice Management Professional Growth News & Publications For Patients Information for Patients and Family Preparing for Your Surgery Recovering from Your Surgery Donate ACS Store Jobs for Surgeons Become a Member Content Use Media Center Contact Us Become a member and receive career-enhancing benefits Our top priority is providing value to members. Your Member Services team is here to ensure you maximize your ACS member benefits, participate in College activities, and engage with your ACS colleagues. It's all here. Become a Member ACS Home Login Donate to ACS Foundation Run Search Quality Programs About ACS Quality Programs Accreditation & Verification Programs Data & Registries Standards & Staging Research For Surgeons Overview Education Membership & Community Events Clinical Practice Practice Management Professional Growth News & Publications For Patients Information for Patients and Family Preparing for Your Surgery Recovering from Your Surgery Advocacy & Policy Overview Federal Legislation State Legislation Regulatory Issues Practice Management Get Involved SurgeonsPAC About Us Who We Are Governance ACS Foundation Statements Inclusive Excellence ACS Archives History Careers at ACS Donate ACS Store Jobs for Surgeons Become a Member Content Use Media Center Contact Us Become a member and receive career-enhancing benefits Our top priority is providing value to members. Your Member Services team is here to ensure you maximize your ACS member benefits, participate in College activities, and engage with your ACS colleagues. It's all here. Become a Member Open Search Popular searches Find a Surgeon Find a Hospital Search JACS Membership Benefits Quality Programs Frequent searches ATLS Member Benefits Clinical Practice Chapters Call for Abstracts, Videos & Posters Submit your abstracts, videos, and posters by March 2 to be considered for presentation at Clinical Congress 2026 in Washington, DC. Learn More Explore the ACS Leadership and Advocacy Summit Registration is now open for the 2026 ACS Leadership and Advocacy Summit: February 28-March 3 in Washington, DC! Apply to Be CME Editor for JACS JACS is accepting applications for a volunteer CME Editor to oversee monthly CME quizzes based on published journal articles. Moral Injury: It's More Than Burnout, and It’s Taking a Toll on Surgeons Ethical conflict is the root cause of moral injury, which can cause severe emotional anguish, while peer support interventions promote resilience. Latest News Bulletin Facial Transplantation Pushes Beyond Limits of Reconstruction December 3, 2025 Advances in facial transplantation expand possibilities, offering life-changing options for patients with severe facial injuries. Read More News & Publications ACS Brief ACS Regent Dr. Gary Timmerman Describes His Path to Becoming a Chair December 23, 2025 From rural South Dakota to national advocacy, Dr. Gary Timmerman, shares how leadership and access shape surgical care. ACS Brief New Law Improves First Responder Access to Stop the Bleed Kits December 23, 2025 New federal law strengthens bleeding control readiness as the CARE Act enables law enforcement to purchase Stop the Bleed supplies. Podcast The House of Surgery Mary E. Fallat, MD, FACS, a pediatric surgeon from Louisville, Kentucky, delivers the Scudder Oration on Trauma during Clinical Congress in Chicago. JACS Journal of the American College of Surgeons The Journal of the American College of Surgeons (JACS) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. Read the latest issue today! Events & Courses Call for Abstracts Call for abstracts is now open. Please review submission guidelines and submit your abstract by March 9, 2026. Leadership and Advocacy Summit Registration is now open for the 2026 ACS Leadership and Advocacy Summit: February 28-March 3 in Washington, DC! ACS Surgical Simulation Summit Register for the ACS Surgical Simulation Summit, the premier international, multi-professional event dedicated to advancing surgical simulation. Surgeons and Engineers: A Dialogue on Surgical Simulation Registration for the 2026 Meeting, March 10–11 at ACS Headquarters in Chicago, is now open. Become a member today 93,000+ Members 68,000 Fellows 2,600 Associate Fellows We're dedicated to the betterment of our members and patients everywhere. Access an extensive library of educational resources and build stronger ties with surgeons locally and around the world. Become a Member THE HOUSE OF SURGERY ® The American College of Surgeons is dedicated to improving the care of surgical patients and safeguarding standards of care in an optimal and ethical practice environment. ACS/American College of Surgeons is a registered trademark of the American College of Surgeons. Find a Surgeon Quality Programs Overview Accreditation & Verification Standards & Staging Data & Registries Research For Surgeons Overview Education Membership & Community Events Clinical Practice Practice Management Professional Growth & Wellness News & Publications Jobs for Surgeons For Patients Information for Patients Preparing for Surgery The Day of Your Surgery Recovering from Surgery ACS About ACS Donate to the ACS Foundation Store Media Center ACS Careers Contact Advocacy Congress and State Legislatures Get Involved SurgeonsPAC ACS Quality Programs For Surgeons For Patients Advocacy and Policy About ACS Find a Surgeon Donate to the ACS Foundation ACS Store Become a Member Jobs for Surgeons ACS Careers Contact ACS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Instagram RESTRICTED USE: Visitors to this website are strictly prohibited from using, uploading, sharing, or incorporating any content, materials, data, or information provided by the ACS into any third-party applications, platforms, software, or websites without prior written authorization from the ACS. This restriction explicitly includes, but is not limited to, the integration of ACS content into tools leveraging artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, large language models, or generative AI technologies and infrastructures. Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Content Use Sitemap Copyright © 1996-2025 American College of Surgeons 633 N Saint Clair St, Chicago, IL 60611-3295