Skip to main content
 FactCheck.org® A Project of The Annenberg Public Policy Center
     
HOME
ARTICLES
ASK A QUESTION
DONATE
TOPICS
ABOUT US
SEARCH
MORE
Trump’s Native-Born Job-Creation Claim Based on Questionable Figures
Previous
Next
Makary, RFK Jr. Exaggerate Chronic Disease Benefits of Menopausal Hormone Therapy
December 24, 2025

Many doctors agree with the Food and Drug Administration’s recent decision to remove the black box warnings on at least some forms of hormone therapy used to treat the symptoms of menopause. But in making the announcement, health officials misleadingly suggested that women could take the drugs for long-term benefits to the heart and brain. Menopausal hormone therapy is not currently recommended for those uses.

Trump’s Native-Born Job-Creation Claim Based on Questionable Figures
December 23, 2025

For months, President Donald Trump or members of his administration have used federal data showing a large increase in employment for U.S.-born workers and a decrease in employment among foreign-born workers to claim that “all net job creation” in his second term has been for citizens. And for months, multiple economists and labor experts have said that officials should not do that because these specific figures are misleading.

Sorting Out Competing Claims on Air Traffic Control
December 23, 2025

President Donald Trump and former Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg have sparred over the condition of the air traffic control system, which is complex and carries a history of planned upgrades and overhauls that stretches back decades.

Trump, FDA Make Misleading International Vaccine Schedule Comparisons
December 23, 2025

Echoing a longstanding anti-vaccine trope, President Donald Trump falsely claimed that the American vaccine schedule “long required” babies to get “far more” vaccines than are given in “any other” country, and he directed health officials to better “align” practices with those of other countries. The recommended schedule in the U.S. is quite similar to that of other high-income nations, and it isn’t a federal mandate.

FactChecking Trump’s Rapid-Fire Prime-Time Address
December 18, 2025

President Donald Trump blitzed through a prime-time address to the nation on Dec. 17, but while short, Trump’s speech contained a number of inaccurate or misleading claims, many of which he has repeated in public speeches for months.

The Whoppers of 2025
December 18, 2025

Our annual recap of the worst falsehoods of the year.

FactChecking Trump’s Economic Speech
December 11, 2025

In a campaign-style rally in Pennsylvania on Dec. 9, President Donald Trump honed a message of “lower prices, bigger paychecks” ahead of next year’s midterm elections. Some of his talking points on the economy missed the mark.

Trump Confirms His Disparaging Remark About ‘Shithole Countries’ at Immigration Meeting
December 11, 2025

Nearly eight years ago, President Donald Trump denied using the word “shitholes” to describe African countries during an Oval Office meeting on immigration. But now he has fessed up.

Probing Trump’s Verbal Attack on Somalis
December 9, 2025

In a disparaging attack on Somalia in which he said he didn’t want people of Somali descent in the United States, President Donald Trump said Somalis “ripped off” Minnesota “every year” for “billions of dollars,” an apparent reference to a fraud investigation, and suggested that “like 88%” of Somalis receive “welfare” benefits. But the White House didn’t provide us with evidence for either of those figures.

Vance’s Misleading Claims on Housing Prices and Illegal Immigration
December 8, 2025

Vice President JD Vance has exaggerated the increase in home prices during President Joe Biden’s time in office and has misleadingly pointed to illegal immigration as a primary cause of a rise in prices.

1
2
3
»
Next page
444
Ask FactCheck

Q: Will U.S. citizens receive stimulus or tariff-based checks of $2,000 in November?

A: No checks are being issued. President Donald Trump said he wants to use tariff revenue to give “dividend” payments of “at least $2,000” to “middle-income people and lower-income people.” But no formal plan has been finalized and approved by Congress. Fiscal policy experts say there’s not enough tariff revenue for that. 

Read the full question and answer
View the Ask FactCheck archives
Have a question? Ask us.
Donate Now
Because facts matter.
SciCheck's COVID-19/Vaccination Project
Preempting and exposing vaccination and COVID-19 misinformation.
Proyecto de Vacunación/COVID-19
Precaviendo y exponiendo la desinformación sobre el COVID-19 y sus vacunas
SciCheck
Fact-checking science-based claims.
Viral Spiral
Don’t get spun by internet rumors.
Newsletter
Get our free weekly email.
Mailbag
Letters from our readers.
On the Air
Our staff on TV and radio.
NewsFeed Defenders
A media literacy game to detect misinformation.
ARCHIVES PRIVACY COPYRIGHT POLICY CONTACT US REPORT ACCESSIBILITY ISSUES AND GET HELP
© Copyright 2025 FactCheck.org ®
A Project of The Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania