See the latest from Factorial. Our CEO shows how AI is now powering planning, approvals, and daily workflows across HR, Finance, and Ops. — Discover now → Help Center Log in Factorial Factorial Start for free Start for free Product Solutions Resources About us Partners Pricing Main menu Product Time Management Talent Management Payroll IT Management Finance More solutions App Integrations Product updates Product Launches: AI Edition New Discover how AI powers HR, Finance, and Operations. Factorial AI Discover One and all our AI-powered features designed to help you make smarter, faster decisions. Product Time Management Time Off Manage employee time-off requests. Time Tracking Track each employee's work day and improve productivity. Shift Management Set employee work schedules. Project Management New Ensure efficient planning, control, and billing of projects. More about Time Management Product Talent Management Employee Performance Make better decisions by tracking employee development. Talent Acquisition Find and recruit top talent for your company. Onboarding & Offboarding Organize employee onboardings and offboardings. Training Management Provide your team with the best training so they can give their best every day. Goals & OKR Tracking Track employee goals daily. More about Talent Management Product Payroll Payroll Preparation and Review We help you centralize and automate your payroll from start to finish. Electronic Signature Sign official documents online. More about Payroll Product IT Management Factorial IT New Product Finance Expenses Manage employee and company expenses. Project Management New Ensure efficient planning, control, and billing of projects. Electronic Signature Sign official documents online. More about Finance Product More solutions Document Manager Employee Portal HR Reports & KPI Organizational Chart Communications & Events Automations Permissions System All Features Product App Integrations Connect all your apps to Factorial Learn how to streamline your work, save time and increase your productivity. Explore our Integration Marketplace Start connecting all your tools with Factorial with just a few clicks. Product Product updates Product Launches: Spring Edition 2025 Product Launches: Winter Edition 2025 Factorial 2025 A new, redefined, better experience. Product Launches: AI Edition New Discover how AI powers HR, Finance, and Operations. Main menu Solutions By Industry By Role HR Software Customer Stories See how teams like yours are working smarter with Factorial. Solutions By Industry Consulting Operate on agile environments with flexibility. Retail Streamline your HR processes so you can focus on building your brand. Technology Gain control of your growth the evolving environment on your terms. Communication Evolve your marketing and communication efforts alongside your HR. Manufacturing Provide scalability and agility to your employees' tasks. Healthcare Automate your HR processes and focus on giving the best care. Real Estate Centralize documentation and gain financial insights to make better decisions. Construction Build something great - starting with your team. Remote Work Adapt your business to everchanging circumstances. All solutions by Industry Solutions By Role For HR Managers Streamline all kinds of administrative tasks to focus on your team's development. For CEOs Optimize your employee management, reduce structural costs and boost your business. For Employees All procedures, applications and documentation at your employees' fingertips. All solutions by Role Main menu Resources Blog Best practices and guides for your HR team. Templates Streamline your workflow with these free resources. Webinars & Events Stay up to date through our conversations with industry experts. Factorial Play New Exclusive conversations with the leaders shaping their industry Reports & Studies Discover all Factorial's reports and studies here! HR Newsletter New Stay up to date on the latest HR and business insights by subscribing to Factorial's newsletter. Main menu About us About us Learn more about our company, values, vision and purpose. Join our Partner Program We work with companies that offer an HR solution to their customers and want to grow their business Culture Learn about everything we do every day for our team and our clients. Careers Join the fastest-growing start-up in Barcelona! Press Take a look at a variety of websites, blogs and newspapers that have talked about us, our software and its features. Log in Help Center +1 786 377 4179 The business software to manage your whole team Time, talent, finance, and payroll processes unified and automated. AI handles the paperwork, you handle the people. Work email address Start for free Start product tour Live Coaching Smart Hiring Auto Scheduling Admin Automation Live Coaching Smart Hiring Auto Scheduling Admin Automation Live Coaching Smart Hiring Auto Scheduling Admin Automation More than 15,000 companies already use Factorial every day Meet One, your trusty AI agent Well, more than that. It’s your collaborator, insight-giver, report-creator, impact-maker. Hey Adam, How can I help you today? Choose a prompt to see our AI in action Generate a report on Sales team’s costs Create a survey to know how the team is feeling Conduct a database research Write something here... Automate the work that gets in the way of work PTO requests, expense approvals, payroll problems... Factorial is the business software management system that helps your team reach their full potential so your business can reach its own. HR & Payroll Time & Planning Talent Management Finance & IT Put the human back in HR Take repetitive tasks off your team’s plate with HR software that handles your core processes. That way, they can invest more time in your people. Learn more Employee Portal Download payroll, request vacations, see tasks. A single place where they can do it all. Explore more Documents and E-Signature A go-to document storage for all company policies, e-signatures, and payslips. Explore more Reports & Analytics Access insights in seconds, not hours. Factorial AI turns your questions into real-time reports, helping HR and leaders make better decisions, faster. Explore more Why Factorial? Well, why not? Global reach, local expertise Connect with an expert who speaks your language, understands your market, and tailors their support to your needs. Discover what sets us apart The perfect pricing plan Our experts will recommend the bundle best-suited to you. Start simple and scale as you grow. See our pricing Access anytime, anywhere Stay connected wherever you are with our mobile app. Learn more Your data, safe and sound We take security and compliance seriously, which is why our data handling systems and processes are independently audited and certified. See our security certification The proof that we do it right We believe the best way to measure our own success is through real, tangible impact on our customers. 9/10 clients give our onboarding process 5 stars 60% of working hours saved by automating administrative tasks 4.7 rating on our mobile app from 30,000 users in GooglePlay & AppStore AI Global Report '25 Global and market-specific insights from 1,500 European leaders, 100+ team-ready prompts, expert interviews, and AI tools you didn’t know existed. Explore now Whoever you are, we can help you We support the decision-makers, the doers, and everyone in between. We’re there for the big choices and the everyday tasks, from promotions and investments to signing contracts and booking days off. Managers Get insights into individual development to build high-performing, happy teams. BMS for CFOs Gain full visibility into company spending—by teams, projects, and salaries—and take control of costs. HR Leaders Unify processes, gain insights, and drive talent growth and engagement. Employees Give them autonomy to manage working hours, access payslips, and track their goals and performance. We believe in what we do – because 12,000 companies do, too “Saves time and efforts” “Provides actionable insights facilitating effective decision making. Gives employees more control over their information, performance analytics and learning management saving time and boosting accountability.” Harris K. Managing Partner Source Capterra Date June 24, 2024 Company Size 201-500 Employees “Reduces paperwork and has dedicated support experts ” “I have experienced a high time-saving routine through automation. On top of being easy to use, Factorial has all the HR tools required to build an intuitive HR process.” Asami M. CEO and Founder Source Capterra Date June 6, 2024 Size 11-50 Employees “Factorial is a one-stop solution for all things HR” “If I need any document, I don't need to look any further than the platform because all my documents are [there]. ” Sheen W. Product Manager Source Capterra Date September 13, 2023 Company Size 11-50 Employees Sync with hundreds of apps. Unleash limitless possibilities. Connect Factorial to your favorite applications to save time switching between them. Select from our marketplace or build your own customizable integrations with our open API. See all integrations Revolutionize your team's experience and drive your business forward Request a free demo of Factorial to show you how to transform all your processes. Work email address Start for free Still have questions about our BMS? Check out some of the most frequently asked questions about our business management software (BMS) What is a business management software (BMS)? A business management software (BMS) is a comprehensive set of tools to help businesses run and manage their daily operations. This includes features such as talent management, tracking project expenses, running payroll, and conducting performance reviews. Ultimately, a BMS brings all aspects of business management in one place so companies achieve their goals more easily. What does Factorial software do? Factorial is the business management software that connects all you need to manage your team. It automates repetitive tasks, from hiring and holidays to performance reviews and payroll, saving managers time to focus on their people. The easy-to-use platform unifies processes but decentralizes tasks so every team member has the power to participate. It gives leaders visibility over time, projects, goals, and spending to make data-driven decisions that grow their company and the people in it. What is the purpose of an all in one business software? The purpose of an all-in-one business software is to automate and centralize administrative tasks, giving people the headspace to work on strategic actions and managers the time to focus on their people. It connects all business operations, including tracking hours, managing absences, and monitoring projects in one easy-to-use platform. Why do businesses need a BMS? Utilizing a BMS allows businesses to manage and automate their core operations. It connects finance, HR, and analytics into one cohesive platform. It enables organizations to scale their teams by streamlining their workflows. It also provides managers with real-time insights to make better, data-driven decisions. This way, teams can spend less time searching for insights and more time acting on them. How much does Factorial cost? Pricing starts at $8 per employee per month (PEPM). Factorial follows a modular pricing package, which allows you to only pay for what you need. Review our pricing page for more information. We even offer personalized quotes for your team, inquire about one here . What are the main features of business management software? The main features of a business management software (BMS) are an employee platform, automation tools for operations, people management tools for employee development, and finance tools to help drive growth and keep companies compliant with employment laws. These features make strategic planning and operating a business easier. What tasks can I automate with Factorial? While using Factorial, you’ll be able to automate all tasks related to business management. From time management (clocking in, sick leave, PTO requests), talent management (onboarding, performance reviews, training courses), and finance management (payroll management, expense management, financial reporting). Take a look at our functionalities here. How secure is Factorial's cloud-based business management software? Factorial is ISO/IEC 27001:2017 certified and has renewed its certification in March 2023. This certification represents the highest level of the global information security standard available today, providing customers with assurance that we meet rigorous international standards on security. As of August 2022, Factorial holds a SOC2 Type I report, and we are actively working on obtaining a SOC2 Type II report by the end of 2023. We have also renewed our Type I report in October 2023. Read Factorial's security policy. Which software is best for business management? Factorial is the best business management software to manage all your core HR functions, payroll, and expense needs. With one single platform, everything from employee data to tracking hours, recruiting top talent, and running payroll is centralized to help you grow your team. And in turn, grow your business. Factorial The software that connects all you need to manage your team Book a free demo Tour the platform Product Features Integrations Factorial API Solutions Pricing Log In Try Factorial for free Company What is Factorial? Our team Customers Work with us Partners Factorial Labs Integrations partner program Sitemap Support Contact Help Center Privacy Security Legal Terms & Conditions Cookies Preferences Complaints channel Resources Blog Templates Podcasts Webinars eBook Factorial | All In One Business Management Software