Skip to content

HOLIDAY SALE | Get 10% OFF Premium protection today – BUY NOW

Product

Why Qustodio

Having the right tools to protect your kids’ digital lives is more important than ever.

Discover more

Features

Balance screen time, filter content, and view activity reports in the way that suits your family.

View all features

Get started

Begin protecting and supervising your child within minutes.

Learn how

Downloads

Get Qustodio for every device, from smartphones and tablets to desktops, Chromebooks, and more.

Go to downloads

Pricing
Learn

Product tips

The latest product updates and features plus handy how-tos to help you get the most out of Qustodio.

Read product tips

Parenting tips

Fact-based information and research on children’s health and safety online, with expert insights.

Read parenting tips

Safety guides

Summaries, ratings, warnings and recommendations about the apps and games parents need to know about.

Read our guides and reviews

Family stories

“Qustodio gives me the peace of mind that I have been looking for to ensure my kids are safe”

Allison, mom of two

Read more family stories

Support

Help center

Step-by-step guides and videos to help you set up, use, and troubleshoot Qustodio.

Visit the help center

Personalized support and guidance from dedicated experts throughout your Qustodio journey.

Get it now

Log in
Sign up
Welcome to Qustodio. The global leader in parental control and wellbeing apps.
Family Zone has joined forces with Qustodio to help give parents better visibility of their children’s online activities and balance screen time.
Trusted by 8 million users worldwide, Qustodio helps children grow with a healthy approach to technology and protects them from online risks.
Parenting in the digital age made easy
Keep your child safe online

Ensure your child’s digital activity is balanced and risk free

Supervise the way you want

Filter websites, set time limits, block apps, get reports, and more

Build positive digital habits

Help your child develop a healthy relationship with technology

It takes just a few minutes to get started
Sign up today
Discover more about Qustodio’s features below
Qustodio gives you the best parental control and digital wellbeing features in one place
Keep your kids’ screen time safe and balanced on every device
Filter content & apps
Monitor activity
Set time limits
Locate family
Track calls & SMS
Reports, alerts & SOS
Filter content & apps
Create a safe space for your kids to explore and play online
Block inappropriate apps, games and websites. Allow your kids to view child-friendly sites and automatically block potentially harmful ones to prevent exposure to mature content, gambling, violence and other threats. Receive alerts when they try to access blocked content.
Monitor activity
Stay involved in your child's digital life

Log in to the real-time dashboard from any device at any time to check your child’s digital activity and adjust your settings. Easily view their activity timeline, browsing history, YouTube views, screen time and more.

Set time limits
Healthy families start with healthy habits

Help your child avoid screen addiction, ensure better sleep routines, and preserve family time by setting up consistent time limits and screen-free periods. Top up or reduce their device use limits as much as you want, when you want.

Locate family
Know where your kids are at any time

Spot your child on the map to know where they are and have been. Save most visited places like school and home and get peace of mind by receiving notifications when they arrive or leave those locations.

Track calls & SMS for Android and iOS
Catch predators and cyberbullies the moment they strike

Detect suspicious contacts by seeing who your child exchanges calls and messages with. Read the texts they send and receive, plus set a list of blocked phone numbers.

Get reports, alerts & SOS
Get all the info you want at the touch of a button

Receive detailed daily, weekly, and monthly reports of your child’s online activity straight to your inbox. Real-time alerts mean you’ll know as soon as they try to access blocked websites or are in trouble.

Real stories from parents

“Qustodio gives me the peace of mind that I have been looking for to ensure my kids are safe online.”

Allison

Mom of two

“With Qustodio, I don’t have to struggle to balance my daughter’s online independence with her safety.”

Courtney

Mom of one

“We’re a highly digital family but we really value screen-free time—Qustodio helps us get that balance.”

Theresa

Mom of three

Featured in the media

“Everything you need to know about your kid’s screen time is beautifully displayed on Qustodio’s online dashboard.”

“Makes device monitoring easy for parents.”

“From YouTube monitoring to a panic button for kids away from home, Qustodio covers just about everything.”

“Most complete parental control application available.”

Getting started is easy and takes just a few seconds
Create your FREE account now
And enjoy a trial of our Premium features
COMPANY
About us
Careers
Affiliate Program
Contact us
PRODUCT
Why Qustodio
Features
Get started
Downloads
Pricing
Schools
RESOURCES
Help
Learn
Press & media
LEGAL
Product privacy policy
Website privacy policy
Cookie policy
Legal notice
FIND US
Europe
Roger de Flor 193, bajos 08013 Barcelona, Spain
North America
227 W Trade St #1100 Carillon Tower, Charlotte, NC 28202 USA
English

Follow @qustodio

© 2025 Qustodio is a registered trademark of Qustodio LLC. All rights reserved.