Google Families - Helping Make Technology Work For Your Family Jump to Content Families Families Get started Privacy & protections Parental controls Learning & exploration Meet our partners Looking to manage your family on Google? Visit g.co/yourfamily Empowering your family to safely grow play learn online. Empowering your family to safely. Play Pause BUILT TO PROTECT Help protect your family online Use SafeSearch to filter or blur explicit content for kids and teens. Learn about our default privacy and safety settings . Privacy & protections DESIGNED TO RESPECT Choose the right parental controls Set up a supervised experience for tweens ready to explore YouTube. Manage your family’s tech time with Google Family Link . Parental controls CREATED TO EMPOWER Empower kids to safely explore online Explore YouTube Kids , a standalone app built just for kids. Check out the 5 must-knows to get started with generative AI . Learning & exploration 5 important steps to keeping your kids and teens safer online Brought to you in partnership with 1. Help empower your kids to be safer, confident explorers online Teach your kids and teens the fundamentals of digital citizenship and online safety. Explore Be Internet Awesome and how to talk to your kids about online safety . 2. Create a supervised account for your kids Help your kids make smart choices online by supervising their Google Account and devices. Create a supervised account on Google , and manage their experience on YouTube . 3. Set the right parental controls for your family Create digital ground rules, boundaries, and expectations together with Google Family Link. View ConnectSafely’s guide to parental controls to learn more about settings across the web. 4. Find balance with technology as a family Have an open conversation with your kids and teens to find a balance between online and offline activities. Check out Common Sense Media's guide on modeling healthy digital habits for your kids. 5. Stay aware of your kids’ and teens’ online activity Stay in-the-know on how your kids explore online and interact with others. Learn about social media red flags for your teens. Download the guide What are parents searching for on Google? How should I talk to my kids and teens about online safety? How much screen time is too much for my kid? What are some supplemental learning activities for kids? How can I set up parental controls? When should I get my kid a phone? How should I talk to my kids and teens about online safety? Have open conversations with kids and teens about being safe online. Use the Be Internet Awesome Family Guide and YouTube’s guide to exploring confidently to discuss, learn, and think about online safety together. Use these fun activities to have conversations with your kids about online safety and sharing. How much screen time is too much for my kid? Find tools and guidance to help choose the right experience for your family. Talk to your kids about when and why they use digital devices and which screen time options are better than others . Get expert advice and tips from Headspace to help you decide how much screen time is best for your family. What are some supplemental learning activities for kids? Find high-quality apps, games, and activities recommended by experts. Teacher Approved Apps on Google Play help you find apps, games, and books that are reviewed and highly rated by teachers for learning at home. Learn Through Play from Sesame Street lets kids learn while having fun with activities, games, and articles. From cooking to coding to chemistry, YouTube Learning has videos to fuel lifelong learning from the world's biggest community of creators. How can I set up parental controls? Learn about parental controls with these helpful guides. Google Family Link gives you tools to share location, manage privacy settings, and understand how your kids are spending time on their device. Explore tools and resources to help you guide your kids’ experience on YouTube Kids . From encouraging responsible online behavior to blocking certain websites, see this family guide to parental controls . When should I get my kid a phone? Deciding when to get your kid their first phone can be a complicated decision. Check out these helpful tips to help you decide when it’s time for your kid to have a device of their own. When you are ready to get your kid or teen a phone, explore tools to manage screen time on popular platforms. FAQ about Google Trends data Meet our partners We continuously seek guidance on our approach and partner with trusted organizations and experts, so that together, we can build a safer internet for all. Learn more Footer links Social Module Follow us About Google Google products Privacy Terms Cookies management controls English Deutsch English (Ireland) English (Kenya) English (Nigeria) English (South Africa) English (United Kingdom) English (United States) Español (España) Français Italiano Polski Română Slovenčina Spanish (United States) Türkçe Čeština Українська العربية