Trusted Health Education from Family Physicians | familydoctor.org A–Z Health Conditions and Diseases ACL Injury Ear Infection Food Poisoning Motion Sickness Plantar Fasciitis Nosebleeds Rickets Sleep Apnea Stroke Tennis Elbow Tonsillitis Ulcers See all conditions Health Spotlights Living with Anxiety Disorders Building healthy habits that focus on Nutrition All about Vaccines Understanding the complexities of Mental Health Staying up to date on COVID-19 information Well-being Life Stages Infants and Toddlers Kids and Teens Men’s Health Women’s Health Parenthood Seniors Taking Care of Yourself Nutrition Fitness Mental Health Sexual Health Talking to Your Doctor About Your Mental Health Learn more Tools & Resources Resources Dictionary of Medical Terms Immunization Schedule myHealthFinder Neighborhood Navigator↗︎ Doctor's Notes Tools Symptom Checker BMI Calculator Check out our updated immunization schedules Explore the schedules Symptom Checker Search A–Z Health Open A–Z Health menu Back to menu A–Z Health Conditions and Diseases ACL Injury Ear Infection Food Poisoning Motion Sickness Plantar Fasciitis Nosebleeds Rickets Sleep Apnea Stroke Tennis Elbow Tonsillitis Ulcers See all conditions Health Spotlights Living with Anxiety Disorders Building healthy habits that focus on Nutrition All about Vaccines Understanding the complexities of Mental Health Staying up to date on COVID-19 information Well-being Open Well-being menu Back to menu Well-being Life Stages Infants and Toddlers Kids and Teens Men’s Health Women’s Health Parenthood Seniors Taking Care of Yourself Nutrition Fitness Mental Health Sexual Health Talking to Your Doctor About Your Mental Health Learn more Tools & Resources Open Tools & Resources menu Back to menu Tools & Resources Resources Dictionary of Medical Terms Immunization Schedule myHealthFinder Neighborhood Navigator↗︎ Doctor's Notes Tools Symptom Checker BMI Calculator Check out our updated immunization schedules Explore the schedules Symptom Checker Your browser does not support the video tag. Vaccines & Immunizations Vaccines are a Powerful Tool Vaccines can help prevent you and those around you from serious infection. Let’s build a community of immunity together. Read More Seniors The best self-care tips for caregivers More than half of people who care for family say it’s hard to look after their own mental health. Read the List Cognitive Health Your Brain is Aging: What You Should Know Nearly four out of 10 people notice mild memory loss by age 65, according to the National Institutes of Health. Read More Chronic Conditions Chronic Kidney Disease Almost 20 million people in the United States have Chronic Kidney Disease. Get the most out of your doctor’s visit with these resources. Discover More Explore more articles ADVERTISEMENT Conversation Starters How to Talk to Your Doctor About COVID-19 Vaccine Options Your family doctor is a great resource for understanding what your options are when it comes to protecting yourself and your loved ones again COVID-19 . Use this resource as a way to get the conversation started. Download Real advice from real doctors. Why it’s important to vaccinate your infant for hepatitis B Dr. Emily briggs As a family physician who owns her own private practice, I have the privilege of treating patients of all ages and life stages. I particularly enjoy delivering babies and caring for them as they grow up. Infants are precious, and every parent I talk to wants to protect them as much as possible. One of the best ways to do that is with vaccines. However, you might have heard some confusing news about the hepatitis B vaccine recently. The reality is that vaccinating your newborn for hepatitis B is a low-risk way to help safeguard your child against an incurable and potentially serious disease. Read full post Helpful Reads Immunization Schedules Staying up to date with vaccines is one of the best ways to protect you and your loved ones and prevent serious disease. The Importance of Vaccinations Vaccines are an important part of family and public health. Childhood Vaccines: What They Are and Why Your Child Needs Them Childhood vaccines help your child’s body build up a protection against diseases. Colds and the Flu A cold and the flu have similar symptoms. However, they are two different conditions. Find out more! Tylenol, autism and pregnancy: what you need to know What should you do if you’re pregnant and have a fever or pain that you’d normally treat with Tylenol? Measles The CDC is urging parents and travelers to be aware of a rise in measles cases. RSV RSV is more serious for young and premature babies and older adults with poor health. Long COVID Long COVID happens when symptoms continue for 4 weeks or more after the initial COVID-19 illness. Vaccine Video Resources Some people are unsure about getting vaccines. If you’re not sure, talk to your family doctor. They can answer your questions and help you make the best choice for your health. The Updated COVID-19 Vaccine La Vacuna Acualizada para COVID-19 Vaccine Safety: What You Should Know RSV in Adults Over 60 Additional Tools & Resources Tools & Resources Dictionary of Medical Terms Go
                                to Tool Tools & Resources Symptoms Checker Go to Tool About Advertise With Us Contact Medical Review Panel Media Ambassadors © 2025 American Academy of Family Physicians | Copyright Permissions | Editorial Policy | Privacy Policy