Fanplayr Features Sync all your data Act onsite aI Inventory Management multichannel Approach Leverage your 1st party data A 360 View of your users Industries Ecommerce Telecom Utilities Automotive Travel Media Finance Betting Games Who we are About fanplayr Team Partners careers Contact us Resources All Content Blog Case Studies News ebooks & Whitepapers Events Documentation Whitepapers Login Get a Demo Features Core Solutions Leverage first-party dat a Acquire, process and analyze data to determine segmentation, performance and targeting strategies Engage shoppers Reach users cross-site with tailor made real-time offers and omnichannel targeted messages Personalize on-site experience Better communicate with your users by exploiting the power of data to create real-time personalized messages Present the right product Intelligently display products to the right user at the right time to increase propensity to purchase, with comprehensive reporting Ready for a cookieless future Discover PrivacyID and allow third-party services to identify users in a reliable manner, without compromising on privacy. Fanplayr 360* Enable a 360 view of your users with an enterprise level customer data platform Tailor-Made Solutions eCommerce Telecom Utilities Automotive Travel Media Financial Services Betting & Gaming Who We Are About Fanplayr Team Partners Careers Contact Us Resources All Content Blog Case Studies News eBooks eBooks & Whitepapers Events Documentation Login Get a Demo Discover Fanplayr 360 , the Customer Data Platform for a 360° view of your customer Boost Conversions and Net Revenue with AI-Driven Personalization Creating tailored, multichannel experiences for your customers that fuel business growth Get a Demo The success of Fanplayr's advanced cookie-free personalization is also equipping companies for post-pandemic recovery and for one of the most serious challenges to online business – the end of third-party cookies set to take place in 2022. Yahoo! Finance The all-in-one AI behavioral marketing platform to achieve business growth Take advantage from the power of behavioral data combined with the artificial intelligence of our propetatry segmentation engine to increase the value you already have on your site. A flexible multichannel approach that uses different behavioral marketing tools to help companies easily reach their business goals. Empower Your Data Leverage Fanplayr’s Verada AI to acquire, process, and act on first-party behavioral data in sync with third-party systems. Fanplayr transforms raw website analytics into revenue by using AI to uncover insights and enable smarter, targeted strategies. Know More Custom On-site Experiences Boost conversions with AI-driven personalization . Fanplayr analyzes behavioral data in real time to deliver tailored on-site messages, creating unique experiences for every visitor. Know More Present the right product AI-powered product recommendations ensure every customer sees the right product at the right time. By intelligently predicting preferences, Fanplayr maximizes conversion opportunities and ROI. Know More Multi-channel targeting Extend AI personalization across channels. Fanplayr re-engages shoppers with customized emails, SMS, and web push notifications - driven by AI insights from real-time user behavior. Know More The most out of your data real time interactions AI Powered navigation Here, There, everywhere Data Platform Act on real-time insights based on behavioral first-party data to transform your ecommerce analytics into revenues with our data-driven tools. Acquire, process and report data to identify key characteristics among converting customer profiles to determine segmentation, performances and targeting strategies. Onsite Targeting Reach specific customers with target audience tools for on-site and in-session personalized messages using Fanplayr's customer segmentation software making the best out of your first party data. Merchandising Push your inventory and improve cart value with our AI based product recommendations system, lists and rankings. Make certain that users are exposed to the right product offerings and suggestions at the right time to maximize conversion opportunities for every user journey. Messaging Harness your first party data to drive on-site performance. Using Fanplayr's customer messaging software, you can improve efficiency and increase revenues by reaching users with custom-tailored real-time offers and targeted messages that rely on their previous onsite behaviors, using eMail, SMS and Push Notifications. The success of Fanplayr's advanced cookie-free personalization is also equipping companies for post-pandemic recovery and for one of the most serious challenges to online business – the end of third-party cookies set to take place in 2022. Yahoo! Finance Tailor-Made solutions for your industry with Our Data-driven AI marketing tools eCommerce telecom utilities auto travel media Finance Betting Games The success of Fanplayr's advanced cookie-free personalization is also equipping companies for post-pandemic recovery and for one of the most serious challenges to online business – the end of third-party cookies set to take place in 2022. Yahoo! Finance Easy Integration Fanplayr integrates with your software, no matter the technology. We have quickly deployed, pre-built integrations for most of the popular shopping cart systems, but if yours is not in the list we can also build bespoke integrations where required. Data Collection UX ANALYSIS CAMPaign proposal TEST & REPORT OPTIMIZATION 01 02 03 04 05 Our software analyzes the users’ behavior, identifying where in the journey new value can be added. A deep study of your website’s UX is carried out by our team to deliver a tailor-made strategy. Time to present our strategic proposal for your campaign. Thorough testing and reporting of your campaign development. Ongoing monitoring and support to keep the strategy up to date over time. 01 02 03 04 05 LIVE Data Collection 01 Our software analyzes the users’ behavior, identifying where in the journey new value can be added. 02 A deep study of your website’s UX is carried out by our team to deliver a tailor-made strategy. UX Analysis Campaign Proposal 03 Time to present our strategic proposal for your campaign. 04 Thorough testing and reporting of your campaign development. Test & Report Optimization 05 Ongoing monitoring and support to keep the strategy up to date over time. 1 2 3 /3 +485% CR vs. website's CR Thanks to Fanplayr we figured out how to convey the right message to the right audience and we increased the conversion rate. We look forward to keep on leveraging the amazing solutions Fanplayr has to offer. Cecilia Meda Digital Marketing, Samsung Read Case Study 50% of users continue to browse Using the fully managed service provided by the Customer Success team at Fanplayr, we constantly adapt strategies based on the changing of user habits and based on seasonality. Marta Dones ‍ Customer Marketing Manager, Infinity Read Case Study +11% Clickthrough Rate Thanks to the Fanplayr strategies we have collected more than 6,500 leads so far, achieving our goals and keeping us on track for the rest of the year. Carlos Arenas Digital Director, Chevrolet Read Case Study We can't wait to grow your conversions! Would you like more information about our products and services or to book a demo? Let our experts show you what we can do for you! Fill out the form and a representative will be in touch shortly. Check if you wanna be updated with relevant information on how to improve conversions. We consider your data your property and support your right to privacy and transparency as decribed in our privacy policy. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Making Behavioral Data Actionable You are now subscribed. Thank you! Oops! Something went wrong. By subscribing, you agree to our Privacy Policy Features Data Analytics On-Site Targeting Messaging Merchandising Privacy ID Fanplayr 360 Industries eCommerce Telecom Utilities Auto Travel Media Financial Services Betting & Gamming Who We Are About Fanplayr Team Partners Career Contact Us Request a Demo Resources All Content Blog Case Studies News eBooks & Whitepapers Events Documentation 2024 ©All rights reserved Privacy Policy & Terms of use Cookie Policy