Predict customer behavior the speedy way - Faraday Features Templates Docs Customers Blog Secondary navigation Search... ⌘K Log in Sign up free We'll be exhibiting at Lead Generation World 2026 , January 4th-6th in San Diego! Predict customer behavior the speedy way Faraday gives data science & engineering teams everything they need to build breakthrough customer experiences. Data, AI, and automation — point-and-click or API. Get started for free Schedule a demo predictions deployed for 1,000s of brands and platforms in the past 30 days When it's time to put down your notebooks Data ingress and integrations Fully prepared consumer data Identity resolution Algorithm tuning Feature engineering Validation & reporting Probability calibration for useful scores Geonormalization Explainability Bias detection & mitigation Real-time and batch inference SOC-2, CCPA, and other regulation Lifecycle management Faraday is ready Everything on the left above is included. Just … Connect to your existing data sources Declare your prediction objectives Review automatic reporting Deploy your predictions anywhere Built-in consumer data: 1,500 attributes Built-in ML predictions for key behaviors Built-in bias management for safe ML Which behavior will you predict? Adaptive discounting How significant of a promotion is each target worth? Template Lead prioritization How can I engage my best leads first, so I don’t miss out? Template Next best offer What will each lead or customer buy first—or next? Template Repeat purchase readiness Which of your customers is most ready to buy again? Template Thematic personalization What kind of message and creative will appeal to each target? Template See all of our templates Let's speedrun with the API Step 1 Create Connections to your data sources Faraday supports data warehouses like Snowflake and BigQuery , databases like Postgres , and cloud buckets like S3 . Or just start by uploading CSV with POST /uploads . API POST /connections Step 2 Create Datasets to import your data You’ll map columns so we can recognize people and extract the 2 necessary events we find in your data. Signup Transaction API POST /datasets Step 3 Create Cohorts to represent key groups You'll use the event and trait artifacts produced by your datasets to do this. For this template, you'll need 2 cohorts . Leads Customers API POST /cohorts Step 4 Declare your prediction objective Faraday has built-in objectives for key customer behaviors. This template uses an outcome to make the necessary predictions. Likelihood to convert API POST /outcomes Step 5 Use a Scope to make your predictions Scopes let you choose a population (using Cohorts) and a payload, including the objective you just created, to prepare for deployment. Lead scoring API POST /scopes Step 6 Use a Target to deploy your predictions You can add a target to your pipeline for every deployment destination you need for your use case. See all our integrations API POST /targets Template End-to-end quickstart Customer stories Ready to ship? Skip the ML struggle and focus on your downstream application. We have built-in demographic data so you can get started with just your PII. Get started for free Schedule a demo Sign up Log in Discord GitHub LinkedIn Product Customer behavior predictions Identity Graph Responsible AI Zapier plugin Security Changelog Resources Docs API reference Stories Academy Blog Integrations Partners Home services landing Financial services landing Retail/E-commerce landing Company About Our newsletter Contact Legal & privacy Do not sell my info Texas data broker notice © 2025 Faraday, Inc.