Username 
Password 
Forgot your password?
English
  Български   Česky   Dansk   Deutsch   Ελληνικά   English   English   English   Español   Suomi   Français   Belge FR   Magyar   Italiano   Norsk   Nederlands   Belgisch NL   Polski   Português   Português BR   Română   Русский   Slovensky   Turkçe
Registered : 57.930.330
Username 
Password 
E-mail 
 Terms & Conditions and Data Privacy Policy read and accepted
Receive game information
Play FARMERAMA - Cutest Farm Game Online!

Embrace rural living and be a virtual farmer in the delightful online game world of Farmerama.

Free-To-Play Browser-Based Virtual Farm

No Downloads Required! Start your virtual game of online farming now with your own digital patch of land, a farmhouse, mill and big barn.

Online Simulation Farm Game

Work your land plowing fields, sowing seeds and watering to grow a variety of flowers, vegetables and grains to fill orders at the market place. Time your crops to harvest in quick bursts throughout your day.

Raise Cute Farm Animals

Raise chickens, rabbits, goats, sheep and cattle.Raise pigs, turkeys, bees, horses and a variety of other cute productive animals on your farm.

Sell and Trade Your Harvest

Sell your harvest at the market or in the city to make money to buy farming equipment to make for an easier harvest, seeds to grow more crops, to buy animals, trees and other farming supplies.

Decorate Your Farm

Fix up your homestead with decorations and put it on display for visitors to enjoy and rate.

Howdy newcomer!
I'll show you all the great things there are to experience in FARMERAMA!
Sow seeds, harvest trees and raise animals!
Trees
Fields
Animal housing
Plus many more areas to cultivate:
From Bahamarama to the Magical Glade!
Win daily prizes from the farm wheel.
Lots of exciting challenges to complete!
Send messages and gifts to your friends.
Trade and barter your produce in the market!
With new events and stories constantly, there's never a dull moment on the farm!
And just when you think you've seen it all ...
The craziest animal husbandry around!
Raise special animal species ranging from "Goldie" the sheep to "Rainbow" the chicken.
Learn different trades like baking or confectioning and craft your own farm products!
Come on down and start farming today - play now for free!
1 / 8



For general questions, please visit the help section in the forum. If you are unable to find answers there, then please contact our Support team.

Facebook Twitter youtube
© Bigpoint  ·  All rights reserved  ·  Terms & Conditions  ·  Data Privacy Policy  ·  Legal information  ·    ·  Cancel Subscription  ·  Support  ·  Forum · Cookie Settings