Skip to content
Fasthosts home
Domains
Hosting
WordPress
Websites
Email
Servers
Tools
More
SALES: 0800 0612 153
SUPPORT: 0333 0142 700
LOG IN
Search for your perfect domain here
SEARCH DOMAIN
Transfer your domain
WEB HOSTING
UK hosting from 
49p
?
Sounds good

Reliable UK hosting from just 49p /month. Includes up to 5 free domains and up to 500GB storage.

SAVE 88%
£8
/month
49p
/month for 6 months
START CREATING
4.8 out of 5
EXCHANGE EMAIL

Microsoft Exchange from £1/mailbox/month

Collaborate with ease.

CHOOSE YOUR PACKAGE
VPS HOSTING

Grab a VPS for £1/month

More power and performance.

CHOOSE YOUR SERVER
Fasthosts: Hosted in the UK, powered by British innovation
.co.uk Domains
1 year for £1
Web Hosting
From 49p /month
WordPress Hosting
From 49p /month
Website Builder
From £1 /month
Email Hosting
From £1 /month
Intel Dedicated Servers
First month from £40
Virtual Private Servers
From £2 /month
Ecommerce Website Builder
£1 /month for the first 3 months
Domains
Hosting
WordPress
Websites
Email
Servers
Every idea has a domain

Looking for a .com, .co.uk or something completely unique? Boost your brand, get found online and ultimately look like a pro with a custom domain name. Or transfer unlimited existing domains for free.

Domains Names Domains Transfers

The numbers to
back it up

We’ve been around since 1998 – that’s a lot of experience under our belts. We’ve been keeping thousands of servers, websites and mailboxes safe (plus over 1 million domains too!). Relax knowing you're in safe hands.

A leading UK hosting provider for a reason

Getting the best out of your products shouldn’t be difficult. We’ll have you set up in no time, complete with mind‍-‍blowing performance, transparent pricing and top-tier security.

PERFORMANCE
Performance you can trust

We get it, you need uptime and performance you can rely on, nothing less. With local UK data centres, the latest industry tech, and 25+ years’ experience, we’ve built a platform you can be confident in. It’s time to take your projects full throttle.

PERFORMANCE
Performance you can trust
CONTROL
Stay in control, no faff

With our easy-to-use Control Panel, you can manage all of your products in one place. From servers and websites to mailboxes and billing, you can have things set up in a jiffy and edit your settings with just a few clicks.

CONTROL
Stay in control, no faff
SECURITY
Taking security seriously

Security? With ISO 27001-certified data centres boasting the latest in hardware and software security, we’ve got it covered. Plus on-site engineers monitor things 24/7 so you can focus on managing your projects instead.

SECURITY
Taking security seriously
SUSTAINABILITY
Sustainable hosting

Our data centres run on 100% renewable energy – don’t just benefit from impressive products, feel good about making a difference too. Plus, over the past 5 years, we’ve reduced our energy consumption by more than 15%!

SUSTAINABILITY
Sustainable hosting
PRICING
Clear-cut pricing

No one likes huge price hikes catching them off guard. That’s why we have some of the most stable prices out there. And if there are any changes, we’ll be transparent and keep you in the loop so you’ll know what you’re paying each time.

PRICING
Clear-cut pricing
MIGRATION
Support migrations

Already have other products but not happy with your current host? Transfer to us and get all the benefits we have to offer. We’ll help you find the easiest way to migrate to us, making moving your projects as stress-free as possible.

MIGRATION
Support migrations
What our customers say

Rated 4.8 out of 5 from 15030 reviews

Genuinely happy to help

Not only do Fasthosts always resolve my queries quickly, the staff are cheery and seem genuinely happy to help. It is a huge difference to the vast majority of customer service teams!

Chani Lillian

Jul 2025

Outstanding Customer Service

I phoned just before 6pm on a Friday with a query. Got through to a specialist named Glenn almost immediately. Glenn was super friendly and helpful, went above and beyond to resolve things for me and check a few things I was unsure about. Everything was sorted in less than 10 minutes. Outstanding customer service.

Monica Valenzuela Quinteros

June 2025

Customer support is great

Been using Fasthosts for web and email hosting for 15+ years. The main reason I've stuck with them is the quality of their customer support. Unlike many providers these days you can usually speak or live chat with a real person almost immediately.

Phil Brown

July 2025

Real people. Real service.

Our award-winning Support Team is ready to take your call, with real people behind the screens providing help no matter what time you need them. No ifs or bots – just great service, 24/7.

MORE ABOUT US
Company
About Fasthosts
Data Centres
Careers
Case Studies
Privacy notice
Terms of Service
Tax strategy
Modern Slavery Statement
Accessibility Statement
Community
Guides
Blog
Business Hub
Referral Scheme
Affiliates
Support
Visit Support site
Talk to Sales
Get support
Contact us

If you’d like to manage your cookie preferences or withdraw consent, take a look at our Cookie Policy.

Show UK VAT pricing

© 1998-2025 Fasthosts Internet Limited. All rights reserved.  |  Sitemap

We use cookies and similar technologies to optimise our website, improve our products and show you advertising tailored to your interests based on associated analytics. By clicking 'Accept' you consent to this use by us and third parties. Click 'Manage Cookies' to review your options or review your personalised advertising preferences on the Cookie Policy page at any time. More information can be found in our Cookie Policy and Privacy Notice.
MANAGE COOKIES
DECLINE
ACCEPT