Fast Bundle | Best Shopify Bundle App to Increase AOV in 2025 Black Friday Belongs to Bundles, Get Ready! Days Hours Min %50 OFF on Enterprise Plan Explore BFCM + Download Playbook Home Blog Pricing 24/7 Support Partner Apps Demo Store Install Now They're Selling Items Singles Discounts You’re Building Value! Bundles! Profit! Fast Bundle A Bundle app for Creating various offers 
and increasing the Average Order Value of your shop. Available on Shopify App Store Talk to an Expert Talk to Sales 5 (1912+ reviews) Built for Shopify 5 (1912+ reviews) 24/7 Support Active Shops 0 +1912 Reviews Over 1270 Shops Use Fast Bundle Industry giants and emerging startups appriciate Fast Bundle's innovative approach for boosting AOV. Over 1270 Shops Use Fast Bundle Bundle Products, Tailor-made for you Easily create almost all types of bundle products and combo products. From bundle products upsell plans to combo kits and packages. Fixed Bundle Volume Discount Mix & Match Cross-sell Buy X Get Y Add ons FBT Bundle Fixed Bundle Sell specific products together with a discount in product bundle. Learn More Install Now Volume Discount Sell multiple units of a product with a discount Learn More Install Now Mix and Match Mix and Match discount lets your customers build their own bundle out of a group of products Learn More Install Now Cross-sell Show relevant products on product pages or in cart to gently nudge customers toward adding more items and boosting AOV. Learn More Install Now Buy X, Get Y Offer free gifts or discounted products with certain purchases Learn More Install Now Product Add-on Suggest complimentary products and help make the journey smoother for your customers. Learn More Install Now Frequently Bought Together Sell products that are frequently bought together with a discount Learn More Install Now +1,930 Positive Reviews From Real Shopify Merchants Sonic Brush      12 months using the app FastBundle is by far the best bundle app I’ve used on Shopify. It’s powerful, reliable, and easy to work with.
A special shout-out to Amy from the support team — super responsive, clear, and genuinely helpful. She solved a key tagging issue quickly and professionally.
Highly recommended! TP-Link      7 days using the app That's a great app and the problem solving is so helpful. Especially of Adia, she help me to solve my problem patiently. Dreame      24 days using the app I had an excellent experience with Jazz from the service support team. Jazz was prompt, efficient, and resolved my issue in no time. I truly appreciated the professionalism and helpful attitude. Thank you for the outstanding support! BergHOFF      1 day using the app Thank you to the support team – you’ve been absolutely incredible! A special thanks to Amy for outstanding help and patience. Your support made a big difference, and I truly appreciate it. Scent Beauty      11 months using the app Well made tool that allows me to create any groupings of products I need. When I did encounter an issue, I reached out via chat and they resolved my concern in a few minutes. Great app, even better customer service. Fragrance by Sabrina      8 days using the app I have problems (mostly my own doing) and Jasmine makes it all better. Dolly Beauty      30 days using the app This app does what I expect it to do and more. The more is important, because the "more" is the follow-up customer Service and troubleshooting. No app is perfect, nor can it always work as expected on custom themes. The small road bumps i have experienced are always handled professionally and quickly by the Fast Bundle Team. Fast Bundle Blog The best tips & solutions in product bundling Tags Conversion Optimization 1 day ago Shopify Customer Retention: Metrics, Benchmarks & Strategies to Keep Buyers Coming Back Tags Conversion Optimization 2 weeks ago 65 Best Shopify Marketing Apps for 2026 (By Channel & Use Case) Tags Marketing Tips 3 weeks ago 25 Christmas Discount Ideas for Small Ecommerce Brands Tags General Topics 3 weeks ago What is an Upsell Funnel + Examples & How to Use It to Increase AOV Integrate with Leading Shopify Apps Expand your store’s potential by integrating with leading Shopify apps across the whole store management and customer journey. Explore integrations Get started for free Boost your AOV effortlessly by bundling products together, making every sale an opportunity to upsell and expand Install Now Book Demo Session Join 22,000+ merchants
already bundling with Fast Bundle Join Fast Bundle today and revolutionize your product bundling strategy. Install Now Company Home Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Need an Expert? Products App Listing Demo Store Pricing Changelog Partner Apps FAQ Resources Blog Video Tutorial Become a Partner AOV Booster CR Calculator Need support? [email protected] Manage Consent We use cookies and similar technologies for essential functions, commercial purposes, and to personalize your experience. Click "Accept all" to accept these uses. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept all Reiect all View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Blog Pricing 24/7 Support Partner Apps Become a Partner Install Now Demo Store Loading... ×