Fastcmp | Consent Management Platform for Publishers Pricing About us Contact Publishers, your success is our obsession. We provide you with a Consent Management Platform specifically designed for your business DIscover FastCmp Your whole business relies on your CMP 1 All your SEO efforts, all the technical work to make your website perform 2 All the content created with love by your teams 3 All the meetings to convince brands and agencies to invest on your website 4 Your shiny new hyper-responsive website and funky web apps 5 Your wonderful brand new analytics tools you use to measure your performance 6 Your communication budgets and what you pay your most valued employees 7 Your audience’s trust, your long term goals... If your CMP is not adapted to your business, all your efforts are useless WHY DO WE CARE? We only win if you win The thing is, we're not in the CMP business. We are part of Sparteo , developing monetization solutions for publishers. Our business model is designed to make money only when you do.  So we couldn't stand by and watch your revenue (and ours) affected by low-performing CMPs. We put our people and our knowledge to work to build one from scratch. Technical performance combined with collective intelligence Highly performing engine We are not kidding when it comes to technical performance. We found efficiencies in every corner because monetization transactions are so complex that every millisecond counts. Most effective settings Our team works hard, testing and analyzing the impact of every possible setting variation, from button size to wording or color choices. Yes, that means we won't take your brother-in-law's opinion into consideration, even if he has good taste... Immediate impact Revenues Increase Advertising Coverage Improve Ad Response Rate Audience Decrease Bounce Rate Improve Consent Rate Performance Preserve Core Web Vitals Improve Website speed Built for success Improved core web vitals 99/100 Improved traffic and engagement. Reduced bounce rate. 27.5% Increased consent rate in the first month +37% Start enjoying the CMP you deserve today Standalone Starting at 950€ per month Switch to the best CMP for publishers, and see your revenue rise. 100% built for publishers like you Highly performing engine Most effective settings Contact us Actirise customers We are thrilled to see you here! Included That’s right! We are just that confident that we will make good revenue from your added performance. 100% built for publishers like you Highly performing engine Most effective settings Sign me up About Press Jobs Contact Fastcmp is a company of © Copyright 2025 - Fastcmp Privacy policy Legal notices