FastestVPN - Best VPN to Take Security & Privacy to New Heights Your IP: Loading... • ISP: Loading... • Your Status: Loading... Features Pricing Servers Download VPN Windows VPN iOS VPN Android VPN Mac VPN Chrome VPN Extension Firefox VPN Extension Microsoft Edge Extension Resources Support features pricing servers Download VPN Windows VPN iOS VPN Android VPN Mac VPN Chrome VPN Extension Firefox VPN Extension Microsoft Edge Extension Resources support My account buy now Login Get FastestVPN Ones Purchase, Lifetime Protection! Christmas Exclusive 93% Off! Get the FastestVPN Lifetime Plan + Family Password Manager FREE! Grab the Deal 00 Days 00 Hours 00 Minutes What is a VPN? A VPN is short for Virtual Private Network. It’s an all-in-one security software that is designed to protect data, secure your internet connection, maintain online piracy, open access to numerous apps/websites, and beyond. Browse the Internet Safely How often do you browse the internet by connecting to public Wi-Fi? Or, how often do you click on random links? Data theft, device compromisation, and other cybercrimes are at large nowadays. FastestVPN is the best VPN provider that ensures data protection by encrypting your connection. This way, you’re allowed to browse the internet however you want, and whenever you want, without any limitations. A VPN for Every Device We understand that people use more than one device. And as such, they want to ensure that every device they own stays protected. FastestVPN offers apps that are compatible with all major devices, including Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Fire TV, and more. You can also install the VPN in a router and get VPN protection on more than 20+ platforms. Unhindered Speeds & Bandwidth If you’re accessing streaming services or playing games in real-time, stable speeds and unlimited bandwidth are crucial. All of the FastestVPN servers are optimized to 10Gbps speeds and faster. This way, you can bypass ISP speed and bandwidth throttling and eliminate buffering issues and high ping. Tip: Use the WireGuard protocol for faster speeds. Privacy On All Your Devices Get 10 simultaneous VPN connections on all your devices via one subscription. Windows Versions : Get security with a Windows VPN for PC or laptop versions 7, and above. Devices : Supports Lenovo, HP, Dell, Asus, Samsung, Acer, and Microsoft Surface. Features : VPN app for Windows with WireGuard, Split-tunneling, and Kill Switch. Firefox Privacy : Firefox VPN extension with secure HTTPS functionality and location spoofing. Features : FastestVPN for Firefox gives you Ad-blocker, WebRTC blocking, and smart connect. Security : Prevents data leaks when accessing streaming websites or social media accounts. Edge Features : The FastestVPN Edge extension comes with Ad-Blocking and WebRTC-blocking functionality. HTTPS Redirection : Built-in HTTPS redirection helps you dodge malicious third-party websites. Security : Browse any website securely, maintain anonymity, prevent phishing attempts, and more. Android Versions : FastestVPN supports Android apps for versions 5 and above. APK available. Devices : Supports Huawei, Xiaomi, Google Pixel C, Amazon Fire Series, and XBMC. Features : Ad-Block, Split-Tunneling, WireGuard, and AES-256 bit encryption. iOS Versions : App support for iOS device versions 13 and above. Devices : iPhone models 6 to 16 and apps for iPad 2/Mini 3 & 4/Air & Air 2/iPod Touch. Features : Smart Tunneling, WireGuard, Kill Switch, and Ad-Blocker. Chrome Features : Chrome extension app with Ad-Blocking and WebRTC-blocking functionality. HTTPS Redirection : Built-in HTTPS redirection to avoid accessing malicious third-party websites. Security : Access any website safely, prevent ads, avoid phishing links, and more. MacOS Versions : Easy installation of Mac VPN apps for devices OS X versions 10.15 and later. Devices : OS X Catalina, Mojave, High Sierra, El Capitan, MacBook Pro/Air, Mac Pro, iMac, Retina 5K, and earlier. Features : NAT Firewall, Ad-Blocker, Malware Protection, WireGuard Protocol, Kill Switch, and other features. FastestVPN Bringing You Industry-Leading Features Take control of your privacy online and securely use the internet with FastestVPN. We offer industry-leading features that lead you to the best browsing experience. P2P File Sharing You can now securely download and upload P2P files safely over the internet using FastestVPN’s secure servers. Ad-blocker Tired of ads constantly popping up? With FastestVPN’s Ad blocker, prevent ads from constantly flooding your screen. 24/7 Live Support Got a query? Need some technical assistance? You can contact the FastestVPN live 24/7 chat support or resolve the issue via email. NAT Firewall Create an extra layer of online protection against threats. Prevent malware and other malicious intrusions from accessing your device. Unlimited Server Switching Choose the best server for one task, or switch to another server if you need access to another platform. FastestVPN allows unlimited server switching. 10 Multi-Device Connections Secure all of your devices in one go with FastestVPN. We give you access to 10 multi-device connections over any subscription. Experience Unhindered Speeds with 10 GBPS Ultra-Fast Servers in 100+ Locations With FastestVPN, get access to global and optimized servers. Change your IP address and protect your online privacy. See What Others Are Saying About FastestVPN FastestVPN has been tested by tech professionals. Here’s what they have to say: “Get Unrestricted Access to the Internet with FastestVPN” “How FastestVPN Protects You on the Internet” “How to Secure Your Wi-Fi Connection with FastestVPN” Choose a Package that Speaks to You! They’re All Affordable! FastestVPN offers you multiple subscription plans that offer the best value. All plans come with a 31-day money-back guarantee and FREE Password Manager. 1 Month Plan No Savings $ 20 /mo Billed $10 Monthly Buy Now Lifetime Plans 1 Month Plan $ 40 Billed $40 Lifetime Buy Now 3 Years + 3 Months Free Save 45% $ 0.7 /mo Billed $25 Triennially Buy Now With 15-Days Money-Back-Guarantee for new purchase Choose a Package that Speaks to You! They’re All Affordable! FastestVPN offers you multiple subscription plans that offer the best value. All plans come with a 31-day money-back guarantee, FREE Password Manager. 1 Month Plan No Saving $ 5 /mo Billed $5 Monthly buy now Christmas Exclusive Lifetime Plan Save 93% $ 40 Billed $40 Lifetime Grab it now! 1 Year + 1 Year Free Save 83% $ 0.83 /mo Billed $19.95 Biennially buy now With a 31-day money-back guarantee for new purchases step 02 Create Your Account (We will send your credentials on the email you enter below) step 03 Add-Ons (Optional) Currently You Have 10  Multi Logins Add more Multi Logins - $ 1 for an additional device (Optional) Add Devices - + Price Added: $ DedicatedIP Want to add a Dedicated IP for - $ 1.49/mo United States Dedicated IP (USA) Russia Dedicated IP (RU) Germany Dedicated IP (GR) Add Port
                                                        Forwarding Want to add a Port Forwarding for - $ 1.2/mo step 04 Select Your Preferred Method of Payment: Pay With Credit Card Review and Confirm Your Order Total: $ 39.95 Have a Coupon Code? You are agreeing with our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy once you proceed to pay. Pay With Credit Card Pay With Paypal Review and Confirm Your Order Total: $ 39.95 3 Year Plan ( $39.95 prepaid 3 years, instead of $320) FastestPass Password Manager FREE Have a Coupon Code? You are agreeing with our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy once you proceed to pay. Pay With PayPal Pay With  Credit  Card Review and Confirm Your Order Total: $ 39.95 Have a Coupon Code? You are agreeing with our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy once you proceed to pay. Pay With Credit Card Pay With Crypto Review and Confirm Your Order Total: $ 39.95 3 Year Plan ( $39.95 prepaid 3 years, instead of $320) FastestPass Password
                                                                            Manager FREE Choose payment method Bitcoin Cash Litecoin Ethereum Bitcoin Dash You are agreeing with our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy once you proceed to pay. Pay With NowPayments All Plans Include: Internet Kill Switch P2P Optimized Servers Free Malware Protection Free NAT Firewall Free Adblocker 256-bit AES Encryption 10   Multi Logins Unlimited Server Switching 24/7 support via Live Chat ✕ × BTC Pay with Bitcoin Subscription FastestVPN Stands Tall as #1 Against Online Threats Devices 10+ 5 10 6 Ad-Blocker Streaming Access 24/7 Support Anti-Malware Free Password Manager Price $0.66 $6.67 $3.99 $5.29 800+ Active Servers 1M+ Happy Customers 100% Money Back 20+ Support Team Gaming Prevent DDoS attacks and reduce high ping with FastestVPN while gaming. You can use the VPN to get all the latest games. Why Should I Use a VPN? There are many reasons to use a VPN. Firstly, to ensure that your connection to the internet is secure, you should use a VPN to encrypt it. It hides your IP address from prying eyes like your ISP or the government. It secures and keeps your identity private even while you’re using public WiFi. Furthermore, to evade geo-blocks and other hurdles, using a VPN comes in handy. This is why FastestVPN comes highly recommended. Online Shopping Using your Credit cards while shopping online can be a risk. You will never know what websites are authentic. FastestVPN can help prevent theft or fraud. Streaming Get the best streaming services or apps and create a fun night for the whole family. FastestVPN unblocks Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and more. File Sharing P2P file sharing poses unseen threats, allowing strangers to see your IP address. Using a VPN keeps your IP address private and activities anonymous. While Traveling Use a VPN to secure your connection even while you travel. Connect to any internet Hotspot and encrypt your data on the go. Using Free WiFi Free WiFi comes with security flaws. It’s easy to connect to a free WiFi near you, but even easier for your data or device to get compromised. Why Choose FastestVPN? 01 02 03 04 05 06 Safe Browsing Online Data theft, device compromisation, and other cybercrimes are at large while browsing the internet. FastestVPN ensures data protection by encrypting your connection. This way, you can browse the internet however you want and whenever you want, without limitations. Protect All Devices Stay protected on all your devices with FastestVPN. Our apps are compatible with all major devices, including Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Fire TV, and more. You can also install the VPN on a router and get VPN protection on more than 20+ platforms. Fast Speeds Stable speeds and unlimited bandwidth are crucial. All of the FastestVPN servers are optimized to 10Gbps speeds and faster. This way, you can bypass ISP speed and bandwidth throttling and eliminate buffering issues and high ping. Tip: Use the WireGuard protocol for faster speeds. Spoof Your IP Online privacy is crucial, so you must protect your data or traffic, even from your ISP. With FastestVPN, spoof your location and replace your physical IP address with a virtual one. Our servers even access local content from abroad that is geo-restricted or vice versa. Bypass Geo-Restrictions Online censorship or surveillance is a real crime. This imposes restrictions on getting access to even educational platforms. With FastestVPN, you can bypass censorship, dodge mass surveillance, protect your anonymity, or access blocked websites or apps in your country. Security Over Any Network Not every device comes with sound security features. This leaves your device open and vulnerable to all kinds of threats, especially if you’re connected to a public Wi-Fi. With FastestVPN, you can secure up to 10 devices simultaneously with one subscription. Trending Posts Stay connected and keep updated with new posts, guides, announcements, and more on how to use FastestVPN to its maximum potential. FastestPass – Introducing the Ultimate Password Manager Security Vault If you’re a FastestVPN customer, then you’re fully aware of the security solutions we bring to you!... June 5, 2025 FastestVPN Now Offers WireGuard Protocol March 8, 2023 FastestVPN No Log Policy And Get Certified Data Security! March 8, 2023 Beginners Guide on Using a VPN for The First Time March 8, 2023 Are you aware of FastestVPN’s awesome Lifetime Special Deal? Yes, I’m aware of that No, enlighten me Windows iOS Android MacOs Chrome Firefox Fire TV Linux Don't miss out! Save 83% on our hottest-selling 1 Year Plan Strict no-logs policy All apps are audited High-speed servers (up to 10 Gbps) WireGuard technology included 31-day money-back guarantee Get FastestVPN Company Buy VPN VPN
                                Features VPN Server
                                Locations VPN Deal New Student Discount Become VPN
                                Affiliate White Label VPN About
                                us FAQs Contact Us Support Center Products FastestPass New Chrome VPN
                        Extension Firefox VPN
                        Extension Edge VPN
                        Extension Windows VPN Android VPN iOS VPN MAC VPN FireStick VPN Xbox VPN Router VPN Most Popular What is VPN What is My IP? Dedicated IP No Logs Report New Secure Email Providers Netflix VPN Disney Plus VPN Unblock Websites Gaming VPN Stream Sports Hulu VPN Servers USA VPN UK VPN Germany VPN Australia VPN France VPN Singapore VPN Luxembourg VPN Netherlands VPN Canada VPN Sweden VPN Social Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube © Copyright 2025 FastestVPN - All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Policy Sitemap X Christmas Exclusive Bundle Unlocked! Lifetime VPN + 6-User Family Password Manager FREE! Get 93% Off!