FastViewer | Matrix42 Remote Desktop | Remote Desktop Tool Products Products Service Management Streamline IT and Enterprise Services with AI-powered Service Management. Intelligence Secure, intuitive, and helpful AI for a happier, more productive and strategic Service Desk. Software Asset Management Gather full visibility of all your software and licenses – maximizing value and reducing unnecessary costs. SaaS Management Gain total visibility into your SaaS software usage, and cut unnecessary costs. IT Asset Management Track and manage all your IT assets in one place – saving you time and money. Unified Endpoint Management Manage all your PCs, servers, OS deployments, distribution, patching and inventory. Identity Governance and Administration Govern, automate, and protect identities and access rights with an intuitive European IAM solution. Remote Assistance Experience the breakthrough in remote maintenance with Matrix42 FastViewer. Endpoint Data Protection Secure your endpoints at every possible point and stop valuable data from leaving your company. Why Matrix42? AI Your Way Bring AI to every role in your organization - on your terms. Cloud Your Way All the benefits of cloud, with the flexibility, control and data sovereignty you need. The European Choice Software that is built, hosted and supported in Europe. Marketplace Explore the Matrix42 Marketplace Enhance productivity and customize your digital workspace with ready-to-use apps and integrations. Visit the Marketplace Solutions Solutions Cost and Compliance Get full visibility of all your software and licenses – maximizing their value and reducing unnecessary costs. Process efficiency Manage all your PCs, servers, OS deployments, software distribution packages, patching and inventory. Operational agility Track and manage all your IT assets in one place – saving you time and money. End User experience Secure your endpoints at every possible point and stop valuable data from leaving your company. Intelligent automation Gain control of complex manual processes through autonomous execution. Industries Industries From the public sector to construction, see how our solutions have helped companies in your industry. Healthcare Transform healthcare with secure, efficient, and compliant service management that enhances care and protects patient data. Public Sector Modernize public services with secure, efficient, and compliant service management that automates work and ensures data sovereignty. Services Matrix42 Academy Enablement and training to maximize the use, configuration and customization of our products. Professional services organization Consulting and Delivery Services to support you from initial implementation to ongoing development. Get a Free Consultation Take the first step toward smarter decisions with our free consultation service. Partners Partners program Find a partner Our partners are industry experts. They have successfully completed the Matrix42 certification program and are dedicated to ensuring the success of your project. Become a partner Learn more about the benefits of becoming a Matrix42 partner. Partner portal Login to Matrix42 Partner Portal Resources User resources Webinars & events Find upcoming events and webinars here and visit us in person or online. Video Explore our library of Matrix42 product videos & best practices. Webinar recordings Watch our past webinars and gain valuable insights from our experts. Downloads White papers, e-books, guides and market studies to download. Learn more Success stories How we’ve helped transform businesses around the world. Blog Stay up to date with the Matrix42 blog and articles. Press room Press releases, news and media information. Product news Latest releases and product-related news. Company M42 careers Open positions Become one of our talents and share our vision. Join the digital transformation. Working at Matrix42 Our DNA consists of technology, global teams and digitalization. About Matrix42 The European Choice Learn what makes Matrix42 the European Choice in service management and why software made in Europe matters. Management team Get to know the Matrix42 Executive Committee & Advisory Board. About us Find out more about Matrix42 and our story. Contact We are happy to answer your questions. Get in Touch Get Started Back Products Solutions Partners Resources Company Products Service Management Intelligence Software Asset Management SaaS Management IT Asset Management Unified Endpoint Management Identity Governance and Administration Remote Assistance Endpoint Data Protection Why Matrix42? AI Your Way Cloud Your Way The European Choice Marketplace Explore the Matrix42 Marketplace Enhance productivity and customize your digital workspace with ready-to-use apps and integrations. Visit the Marketplace Solutions Cost and Compliance Process efficiency Operational agility End User experience Intelligent automation Industries Industries Healthcare Public Sector Services Matrix42 Academy Professional services organization Get a Free Consultation Take the first step toward smarter decisions with our free consultation service. Partners program Find a partner Become a partner Partner portal User resources Webinars & events Video Webinar recordings Downloads Learn more Success stories Blog Press room Product news M42 careers Open positions Working at Matrix42 About Matrix42 The European Choice Management team About us Contact We are happy to answer your questions. Get in Touch English Français Deutsch Italiano Suomi Polski Svenska Español English This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. There are no suggestions because the search field is empty. Already a FastViewer user? Join a Session Customer Portal . Matrix42 FastViewer Remote Control – anywhere, anytime. Whether cloud-based or on-premises, FastViewer is a flexible solution for both office and remote work environments. BUY NOW FREE TRIAL REMOTE SUPPORT IS CRUCIAL Remote work has become the norm, with nearly 60% of global companies adopting hybrid or fully remote work models. There is a growing demand for a robust, flexible remote-control tool that not only bridges these geographical gaps but also enhances IT efficiency, ensuring that businesses can maintain uninterrupted operations regardless of where their employees are located. You can find out more in our detailed product brochure. HERE'S WHY MATRIX42 FASTVIEWER WILL BECOME YOUR NEW FAVORITE REMOTE SUPPORT SOLUTION: Matrix42 FastViewer is a flexible and versatile tool, offering customers access to remote capabilities across several different access points, depending on customer needs: A standalone web-based browser application A desktop application for Windows and Mac devices A web-based application integrated with Matrix42’s Enterprise Service Management With Matrix42 FastViewer you can access your employees' computers and other company devices such as servers, to control them remotely as if they were actually on site. IT departments benefit from high-cost savings and higher efficiency. Matrix42 FastViewer is fully integrated with the Matrix42 solutions. Therefore, the FastViewer client can automatically be pushed to all computers on the network - from servers in the data center to field workers’ laptops. When an administrator needs to access a computer remotely to troubleshoot, maintain or transfer and synchronise files, it only takes a few seconds, even if the end user is not on site at the time. This is how FastViewer will enhance productivity and reduce downtime for your businesses: Unattended Access Multiple Access Profiles Multi-Session Handling Multi-Window Control Clipboard File Transfer Remote Powershell & CMD Reboot/Restart Log Off/Log On & Switch User Multi-Monitor Support Remote Screen Scaling Session Usage Reporting Localization Support Two-factor authentication for Users Key benefits Resolve IT issues remotely FastViewer enables IT teams to troubleshoot issues remotely, providing flexibility. It also supports faster scaling by allowing companies to add unmanned servers in different locations without needing an on-site IT team. Increased productivity Accelerate ticket resolution with instant remote access for faster service. This effective IT support boosts productivity and enhances employee satisfaction, allowing staff to focus on core tasks with fewer interruptions. Save costs and time Reduce operational costs by cutting down on travel expenses and on-site visits, while still delivering top-tier IT support remotely. Maximize your IT resources' efficiency, leading to cost savings and improved ROI on IT investments. Flexibility & convenience Centralize IT operations with flexible remote-control capabilities for on-premises and cloud environments, ensuring consistent support across the organization. This enables effective scaling across locations or internationally with a centralized team. Seamless collaboration Developers, designers, and technical teams can efficiently work remotely, using the file transfer feature to share code, drawings, or specifications. FastViewer's multi-monitor screensharing makes collaboration easier than ever. Your benefits Matrix42 FastViewer offers many benefits for different audiences Benefits for Head of IT Workforce planning : IT heads can choose to use a centralized IT team using a remote access tool like FastViewer, instead of multiple dispersed teams. Quicker ticket resolution : Lower ticket backlog Seamless integration : FastViewer is conveniently integrated into Matrix42’s user-interface, making accessing the tool simple Multi-language support : FastViewer is available in multiple languages, including Finnish, French, German and English. Clear, affordable pricing : FastViewer has a simple pricing plan, priced by concurrent sessions Benefits for Service Agents Quicker ticket resolution for remote workers Versatile access options : Accessible via any web-browser or device No VPN : No VPN is required to access a FastViewer remote session. Benefits for Developers File sharing Multi-monitor support Available across multiple devices : Computers, Tablets, Smartphones... FastViewer video demonstration In the demonstration videos, we show you how FastViewer optimizes your processes, makes support more efficient and makes collaboration seamless. Be inspired and experience the benefits of our software in action. Matrix42 FastViewer Demo In this video you will learn about the user interface and the basic functions of FastViewer. Matrix42 FastViewer ServiceDesk Integration Find out how you can integrate FastViewer into your ServiceDesk. Matrix42 Demo Agents And Features Demonstration of remote maintenance with Matrix42 FastViewer. Matrix42 FastViewer Demo Adhoc In this video, you will learn how to access a device on which no agent is installed. Reasons for Matrix42 FastViewer 75% of IT issues are resolved remotely, without the need for on-site visits. 98% of workers expressed the desire to work remotely. 70% of the workforce is expected to work remotely at least five days a month by 2025. 56% of IT leaders say remote support tools have cut issue resolution time. 25-30% on IT support costs can be saved with remote assistance tools. Ready to use Matrix42 FastViewer? BUY NOW FAQS What device/OS can I use FastViewer on? Can I use FastViewer on a personal device (not company issued)? The web version can be used on any OS with actual HTML5 Browser. You can also use it on personal devices. The desktop version can be used on any Windows or Mac operating systems and also on iOS and Android devices. Is there a data limit to the size of file transfers I can make on FastViewer? 2 GB per file Does your software require installation on the client's computer, or can it run without installation? Is it already integrated into Matrix42's platform? Or is it a separate application? You can use it in both ways, with and without installation. Is it possible to transfer files between the technician's and client's computers during a remote session? Yes Can multiple technicians collaborate on the same remote session simultaneously? How many agents can access a session in parallel? What pricing package is right for me? Is there a limit to the number of devices I can control with one license? Each license is one concurrent session with up to 100 agents installed. For example when you buy 7 licenses you can have 7 sessions in parallel with up to 700 agents installed. Can a remote session be started with just 1 license? Or do both parties require a license to start a session? Only the supporter needs a license. What are a few use-cases? Unattended remote control, ad hoc remote control without installation, home office use of PC in company Any questions? GET IN TOUCH Our Products Service Management Overview Enterprise Service Management IT Service Management IT Asset Management (CMDB) Software Asset Management Unified Endpoint Management Endpoint Data Protection Identity Governance and Administration FastViewer Intelligence Compare ServiceNow Atlassian BMC Helix Ivanti USU Flexera, Snow Software Company Why Matrix42 Management Team Success Stories How to buy Industries Events and Webinars Marketplace Support Careers Supplier Code of Conduct Matrix42 Academy Contact Partner Find a Partner Become a Partner Partner Portal Terms and Conditions Imprint Data Privacy Policy Accessibility Cookies JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use this website. However, it seems that JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use the website, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.