Powering the best of the internet | Fastly Fastly EN EN JA ES DE FR Under Attack? (844) 4FASTLY Support Center Log in Why? Products Services Solutions Devs Partners Resources Pricing Talk to an expert Try Fastly Free Fastly EN EN JA ES DE FR Menu Build, Secure, and Deliver. Instantly. Create fast, secure, and scalable sites and apps on a programmable edge cloud platform. Start building for free. Build your dashboard today Get started More announcements Fastly has been recognized as a Customers’ Choice for Web Application and API Protection React2Shell: What to know and do Fastly named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Edge Delivery Services 2024 Preventing outages with resilient architectures Trusted by the world’s leading digital innovators Fastly Edge Cloud Platform Our platform is fully programmable. You get smarter solutions, better insights, and more control. A better experience is waiting Network Services Move to a faster, more secure network and get immediate benefits for your org and users. Step up to a better CDN for everything from ecommerce to publishing and streaming. Plan confidently with predictable pricing and no surprise overages. Check out the Fastly CDN Security Compute Observability Our network map A more powerful global network We built our network with intention. By design, we run fewer POPs than our competitors, but they’re much more powerful so we can cache more and serve it faster. Our network is fully software defined. We can do anything, and do it faster. Take a closer look On average 150 ms purge time with Instant Purge™ 1 More than 1.8 trillion Daily requests served 2 Almost 90% Of customers run Next-Gen WAF in blocking mode 3 Global 497 Tbps Edge network capacity 4 Up to 32% faster time to first byte (TTFB) than other CDNs 5 On average 150 ms purge time with Instant Purge™ 1 More than 1.8 trillion Daily requests served 2 Almost 90% Of customers run Next-Gen WAF in blocking mode 3 Global 497 Tbps Edge network capacity 4 Up to 32% faster time to first byte (TTFB) than other CDNs 5 1 as of December 31, 2022 2 as of July 31, 2023 3 as of March 2023 4 as of September 30, 2025 5 read about the methodology The one thing every business needs is flexibility Everybody needs speed, reliability, security, savings, and scale – but different industries have different needs. Fastly’s powerful network and smarter solutions can be tailored to your organization. We partner with you to guarantee a smooth migration, so you can deliver the best possible user experiences. Ecommerce Provide faster and more secure retail experiences Ecommerce Provide faster and more secure retail experiences You’re always open for business with Fastly. We handle the crowds and load-balancing so no one is turned away. Your customers will always see  accurate information with real-time updates, and all of it is protected from DDoS, bots, and other threats. Streaming Media Deliver stellar streaming experiences Streaming Media Deliver stellar streaming experiences Fastly gives every viewer around the world a better experience on our modern network. Instant scaling with lower latency live streaming, lets you reliably deliver engaging entertainment experiences in real-time. Travel and hospitality Deliver faster service from the start with our travel planning experiences Travel and hospitality Deliver faster service from the start with our travel planning experiences Great hospitality starts at your very first interaction. Fastly caches what others can’t, like dynamic content and API responses. We handle interactions at the edge, closer to your visitors, for faster experiences that feel better and reduce bounce. Financial services Try a modern CDN and innovate ahead of the market Financial services Try a modern CDN and innovate ahead of the market Set your financial apps apart with lower latency, realtime data delivered from apps and APIs at Fastly’s network edge. Our secure and developer friendly platform integrates into your existing CI/CD workflows so your team can exceed customer expectations. Edgemesh uses Compute to achieve 5x improvement in time-to-first-byte. SaaS/PaaS 5x improvement in time-to-first-byte 20% conversion rate improvements They use: Compute, Enterprise support, API integration By using Fastly, their team can instantly serve the latest headlines, scale to accommodate breaking-news-sized traffic, build significant efficiencies into their pipeline, and secure the end-to-end experience. Digital publishing “Two-tenths of a second across Fastly’s platform to invalidate content and four to five seconds to push a config out across a network — I can’t tell you what a game-changer Instant Purge was for us.” Erik Bursch VP, Product Technology Fastly helps GIPHY cut costs and boost performance while serving billions of images daily. Digital publishing "Here at GIPHY, Fastly is always part of the conversation when we plan new features. Before we build, we look at what Fastly can offer: more often than not, it's exactly what we need. Fastly's exceptional customer support makes it easy to explore possibilities and move fast with confidence." Harold Hunt Head of AI and Infrastructure For 1stdibs, a fast and reliable site is critical for its global base of customers. That's why 1stdibs selected Fastly. Ecommerce “Performance and user experience are incredibly important for e-commerce sites like 1stDibs. When we couldn't get purging in seconds, we moved to Fastly.” Tim Whidden VP of Engineering SaaS/PaaS Digital publishing Digital publishing Ecommerce Want to learn more? Fastly Network Effect Threat Report Fastly's Security Research Team presents attack trends and techniques from malicious traffic flagged by our Network Learning Exchange. Read the report Gartner Voice of the Customer for Cloud Web Application and API Protection Fastly is the only vendor to be named a Customers’ Choice for Web Application and API Protection seven years in a row. See why Fastly is one of the highest-rated vendors with a 4.8/5 star rating. Learn more What is the modern CDN and why is it important? Too many developers and companies are dealing with the dark ages of black-box, legacy content delivery networks (CDNs) that weren’t built to provide the real-time observability, baked-in security, and programmatic control needed to deliver the dynamic experiences today’s users and developers demand. Watch now Let’s build something amazing Get in touch or create an account Build with a free trial Consult with an expert Fastly Products Edge Cloud Platform DDoS Protection Next-Gen WAF Pricing Try Fastly Free Network Map Solutions Professional Services Managed CDN Support Plans Talk to an Expert Learn Documentation Developers Resource Library Blog Events Support Support Center Network Status Contact Us Company About Us Careers Customer Stories Partners News Investor Relations Trust Compare Fastly vs. Akamai Fastly vs. Cloudflare Fastly vs. Imperva Fastly with Cloud Providers © Fastly 2025 Terms of Service Privacy policy Acceptable Use X LinkedIn Instagram YouTube