Fatherly Menu Fatherly Dec. 31, 2025 Watch Together The 100 Greatest Kids Movies Of All Time, According To Movie Critic Dads By Ryan Britt , Tyghe Trimble , James Grebey , Ian Spelling , Richard Newby , Nathan Rabin and Caseen Gaines From golden oldies to 21st-century instant classics, here’s our deeply curated, and surely controversial, ultimate ranking of 100 movies kids must see before they hit their 10th birthday. Happy Father's Day! By Fatherly Father's Day has long been a time to celebrate and reflect on changing roles of fatherhood. Here's how to celebrate Father's Day in 2025. Gift Ideas 71 Gifts For Men That Will Impress Everyone On Your List By Fatherly From a flannel-lined trucker jacket suitable for the end of the world to a whole leg of Jamon Serrano he can slice at the holiday party, these gifts are sure to suit anyone on your list. Parenting Parenting What They Don’t Tell You About Paternity Leave Parenting Why Your Gifted Kid Seems Lazy And Unmotivated What's In A Name? The Future Of Baby Naming Is Here, And It's Genderless Dad Wisdom 20 Years Later, Oliver Jeffers Is Getting Very Real Feb. 20, 2024 Adventure 22 Family Adventures for the Bold By Julia Holmes and Tyghe Trimble For your next family vacation, paddle to your own island, bike from inn to inn, or take a road trip through the most remote regions of Patagonia. What’s stopping you? Interview "You Yourself Are a Forest" By Cory Doctorow Kim Stanley Robinson talks with Cory Doctorow about climate change, hope, and reminding kids they're fundamentally a part of the natural world. Life A Family That Walks Together By Tyghe Trimble The myriad benefits of walking are well-documented, for health and happiness. But if we force the kids to tag along, is it still a good walk? Bring It In Can’t We All Just Hug Each Other? By John DeVore I was one of many who were taught, implicitly or not, that men shouldn’t express themselves that way. I’m slowly learning how to embrace a different path. Entertainment Tony Hale Doesn’t Want to Pass His Childhood Anxiety to His Daughter By Ryan Britt Hale is famous for playing nervous people. But that doesn't mean he wants his kid to follow in his footsteps. Fatherly’s Guide to Marriage Fatherly Originals Fatherly Icons Gavin Rossdale Isn’t Watching The Days Go By Fatherly Icons LeVar Burton Looks To The Next Generation Feature Profile Kai Lenny Is Chasing The World’s Biggest Waves — And Now, Twins Cool Dads Joshua Jackson’s Mightiest Role Cool Dads Josh Duhamel Is Ready To Do It All Again Fatherly Icons Jeffrey Wright Makes Every Role Count All Of Legend John Legend Has More Love To Give Profile Daniel Handler Works His Melancholy Magic Cool Dads Mark Wahlberg and Kevin Hart Make Their Own Time Cool Dads Patrick Dempsey Breaks The Spell Interview In Todd Snyder We Trust Presented By Jimmy Dean® Brand Ariela Basson/Fatherly; Getty Images Get More Great Content Sign up for the Fatherly newsletter to get expert advice about fitness, gear, travel, style, parenting, and more in your inbox. Fatherly Exclusive tips, tricks, and damn good advice straight from the editors to get you through the week. Up Next The latest entertainment updates and recommendations from BDG, delivered 2x weekly. Subscribe By subscribing to this BDG newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Subscribe to our newsletter > Jan. 23, 2024 Wellness This 20-Minute Mindfulness Practice Is The Key To Better Sleep By Tyler Santora And it’s done lying down. The Big Game This Super Bowl Parenting Mistake Is Worrisomely Common — But Easy To Correct By Christian Dashiell The stress of the game combined with alcohol can lead parents to make this error. Low T The Worrisome Link Between Low Testosterone And Heart Problems By Isobel Whitcomb There may be a connection — and it's one you should be aware of. Youth Sports Experts Pinpoint How Youth Athletes Can Use Stress To Their Advantage By Christian Dashiell Hopefully, these new insights will keep more kids involved with youth sports. Parenting The Very Real Appeal Of Slow Parenting By Christian Dashiell Fewer obligations and more space for unstructured play and family time? This parenting style forces your hand — and deserves your attention. Help Yourself Future Forward Worry More Effectively Advice Comfort Someone The Right Way Advice Call Out A Friend's Bad Behavior Skills Read The Room Like A Pro Howdy, Stranger Leave A Great First Impression Charm School Be More Likable Get Fit Dad Bod The Viral Fitness "Beep Test" Will Destroy Your Lungs And Legs This running challenge doubles as a hardcore cardio workout. Dad Bod Got 15-Minutes To Spare? This Workout Will Kick Your A$$ Dad Bod Fartlek Training Makes Running Fun Again — And Way Harder Dad Bod How To Motivate Yourself To Workout When You'd Rather Do Anything Else Go Far Show The Kids! From Supermoons To A Total Solar Eclipse: How To View All The 2024 Moon Events The moon is the real star this year. Show Your Kids! 2024 Kicks Off With One Of The Most Spectacular Meteor Showers Of The Year Look Up! The Ultra-Rare Celestial Betelgeuse Eclipse Is Imminent — Don’t Miss It Tale As Old As Time 22 Years Later, One Hidden Gem At Disneyland Is Suddenly Closing — But You Can Still Go See It Eat Well The Dad Special This Barbecue Fried Rice Is Sweet, Sticky, And Seriously Delicious Bachan's Japanese Barbecue Sauce Founder Justin Gill often makes the comforting dish on frenzied nights. Food Traditions What Chefs Serve For The Holidays The Dad Special Kevin Pang’s Cold Sesame Noodle Recipe Is Pure Comfort Dad Special Andrew Zimmern's Butter-Fried Chicken Is A Crazy Good Family Meal Save Up Home Again This Map Shows The Cheapest States To Buy A House And We're Moving To Iowa A new map shows which states are the cheapest for families looking to buy a home and which are the most expensive. Money 17 Simple Ways to Save A Little Money Right Now Money Matters Worried About A Recession? Here Are 7 Smart Moves To Make Right Now Life How to Buy a Car in Today’s Crazy Market: 6 Expert Tips to Remember Have A Laugh Whoa Did Larry David Owe Elmo An Apology? Was this too far? Dad Humor The Most Relatable Dad Punchlines From Mike Birbiglia's New Netflix Special Watch This The 3 Funniest SNL Sketches From Adam Driver's Latest Episode Watch This Here Are The 3 Most Hilarious 'SNL' Sketches From Emma Stone's Brilliant New Episode Food & Drink Drinks How To Make The Best Irish Coffee The Dad Special Chef Alex Stupak’s Dirty Rice Recipe Is A Perfect One-Pot Dinner Mix It Up How To Make The Best Old Fashioned You've Ever Had Dad Special Andrew Zimmern's Butter-Fried Chicken Is A Crazy Good Family Meal Drinks The Original Mai Tai Recipe Deserves Your Attention Help Wanted How I Felt After Finally Attending Therapy, According to 5 Men By Adam Bulger While more men attend therapy than ever, it's still a hard sell for many. Here, five once-reluctant men who decided to make the leap share their experience. The Dad Special This Barbecue Fried Rice Is Sweet, Sticky, And Seriously Delicious By Matt Berical Bachan's Japanese Barbecue Sauce Founder Justin Gill often makes the comforting dish on frenzied nights. Bring It In Can’t We All Just Hug Each Other? By John DeVore I was one of many who were taught, implicitly or not, that men shouldn’t express themselves that way. I’m slowly learning how to embrace a different path. Dad Special The Dad Special This Barbecue Fried Rice Is Sweet, Sticky, And Seriously Delicious Food Traditions What Chefs Serve For The Holidays The Dad Special Kevin Pang’s Cold Sesame Noodle Recipe Is Pure Comfort Dad Special Andrew Zimmern's Butter-Fried Chicken Is A Crazy Good Family Meal Read This Bob Odenkirk Shows Us What Happens When Parents Take Their Kids’ Ideas Seriously In collaboration with his daughter, Erin, on a new book of kids’ poetry, Bob Odenkirk argues that parents should make more stuff with their kids. by Ryan Britt Oct. 20, 2023 Latest Digital Daze It's Time to Stop Tracking Screen Time — And Start Living In the Digital Age By Tyghe Trimble Way too much falls on parents when it comes to screen time. There’s another way. Parenting Are Our Children Really So Mentally Unwell? By Tyghe Trimble American kids are having a mental health crisis like no other. What are we to do with all these diagnoses? Apocalypse Now What 28 Years Later Can Tell Us About Men Today By Tyghe Trimble Danny Boyle’s zombie trilogy is a timely and important meditation about masculinity. Turn Back the Clock The Real Reason We Struggle With Screen Time By Tyghe Trimble How should we all tackle phone use and screen time? An ancient Eleusinian mystery may hold the answer. Fighting Fatigue How To Get Fantastic Sleep By Tyghe Trimble Are parents doomed to a lifetime of chasing after good sleep? Chasing Summer How To Make Summer Memories That Stick By Tyghe Trimble Summer’s behind us. What memories did you make? Great Books The Best Back-to-School Books For Every Age and Stage By Ryan Britt Smart reads for a crucial time. Parenting The 25 Most Important Fatherhood Moments in the Past 25 Years By Ryan Britt The century of dads. Parenting What They Don’t Tell You About Paternity Leave By Harlan Sharpe Paternity leave is a time to take in the necessary seismic shift in the way you think about time management, work, and life. Life How To Get Through The Day When You're Not Sleeping At Night By Jen McGuire Sleep deprivation during the newborn phase is no joke — but there are ways to feel better. Dec. 31, 2025 search close Life Amplifying Our Voices Self Food Sex & Relationships Cars Health & Science Fitness Parenting Wellness Baby Names Play Kids' Entertainment Cool Dads Dad Jokes Movies & TV Style Grooming Clothes Sneakers Latest Newsletter About Us Masthead Advertise Terms Privacy DMCA © 2025 BDG Media, Inc. All rights reserved.