Play Fat Santa Slot Machine Online for Free by Push Gaming This game is available only for registered users Get bonus Fat Santa Slot 50 Free Spins Free Spins Aussie Online Casinos Syndicate Casino Bao Casino Loki Casino Free Slots Indian Dreaming Slot Where’s The Gold Pokie Hot Shot Slot Wins now Marie* 775 $ Santas Farm Edwar* 2 286 $ Fat Santa Slot Pearl* 2 607 $ Holly Jolly Penguins James* 2 693 $ Christmas Reactors Willi* 633 $ Lapland Chris* 1 416 $ Jingle Spin Emily* 2 882 $ Hot Shot Slot Willi* 1 668 $ Santastic Karl* 889 $ Indian Dreaming Slot Maggi* 2 461 $ Ho-Ho-Ho Regin* 1 447 $ Merry Xmas Melis* 2 407 $ Happiest Christmas Tree Keith* 2 249 $ Xmas Joker Toby* 2 134 $ Wheres the Gold Pokie Amy* 1 310 $ Secret of Christmas Fat Santa Slot Fat Santa Slot Play for money Secret of Christmas For money Secret of Christmas Max Win 10000 coins Santastic For money Santastic Mobile version Max Win 2500 coins Christmas Reactors For money Christmas Reactors Mobile version Max Win 1250 coins Merry Xmas For money Merry Xmas Mobile version Max Win 500000 coins Jingle Spin For money Jingle Spin Mobile version Max Win 312500 coins Santas Farm For money Santas Farm Mobile version Max Win 6020 coins Lapland For money Lapland Mobile version Max Win 2500000 coins Xmas Joker For money Xmas Joker Mobile version Max Win 1800 coins Holly Jolly Penguins For money Holly Jolly Penguins Mobile version Max Win 10000 coins Happiest Christmas Tree For money Happiest Christmas Tree Mobile version Max Win 37000 coins Fat Santa Slot Review – Game Play, RTP, Bonuses, & Free Spins Get in the mood for some Christmas celebrations with the Fat Santa for real money slot, a 5-reel, 7-row video slot by Push Gaming. The game is distinct as it features a snow-filled wintry scene with log cabins, trees, and mountains. It’s populated with Christmas characters and symbols and includes a festive soundtrack that will please your ears throughout your gaming session. Besides, you can win incredible prizes, thanks to the fantastic bonus rounds and free spins. The Fat Santa online slot also offers random wilds that will make your gameplay more exciting. Santa flies over the reels through the Santa’s Sleigh feature, dropping Christmas pies on reels that serve as Wilds. The most exciting part is the bonus, so when Santa lays his hands on the pie, you can expect an intense feature that comes with massive potential. If you played the Fat Rabbit slot, you will find similarities and can easily navigate this game. Additional info Software Push Gaming Slot type Video Slot Year launched 2018 Theme Space Rtp 96% Mobile-friendly No Bonus game Yes Free spins Yes Progressive jackpot Yes Multiplier No Gamble No Wild symbol No Scatter symbol No Autoplay option No Paylines type Fixed Reels 5 Rows 50 Paylines 50 Lines pay Both Ways Both ways No Min coin value per line 0.25 Max coin value per line 25 Min bet level 1 Max bet level 10 Min $0.10 Max $100 Maximum win 150000 Play for money Fat Santa Theme and Graphics Visually, Fat Santa Push Gaming offers an incredible experience. The slot shares much of its DNA with the Fat Rabbit video slot, another Push Gaming product. Instead of green fields on which a bunny hops, the developer opted for a snowy winter landscape where players look out for pies instead of carrots. The gameplay is identical as the game includes a 5 x 5 grid. When you load the reels, you are ushered outside a log cabin covered in snow. The game offers a festive theme with a wreath on the door and presents, which appear half-buried in the snow on the cabin’s roof. On the game’s reels, royals are presented as Christmas tree baubles, and the high paytable symbols include Rudolph with a red nose, a snowman, and a cheerful elf. Also, you will find Fat Santa himself, who is jolly. The main characters are designed in a cute cartoon style that fits with the slot’s overall aesthetic. The game offers a charming celebration, including enjoying pies and spending your afternoon in a food-induced atmosphere. How to Play Fat Santa You can enjoy Fat Santa free play online on your PC or mobile device. The game is designed with a 5 x 5 format, which gives you plenty of Fat Santa max win potential. You can wager from 0.25 to 25 coins per spin, giving you a wide betting range perfect for all players. Playing the game is straightforward. You need to select the line bet, then press the big spin button. The game’s interface is well laid out and intuitive, which puts all operations a click away. Besides the Fat Santa demo play, you can use the buy a bonus feature to trigger free spins through a one-off payment of 80x your bet. This might not be cheap, but the feature can be lucrative, and it allows you to recoup your outlay. Through the game’s menu, you can access the paytable and how-to-play information. Its paytable is dynamic and displays all payouts relevant to your bet. Also, there is an autoplay feature that allows you to play automatically up to 100 spins. Use the single win and loss limit features as a reality check to stay in control of your bankroll. Variance and RTP While you may enjoy the Fat Santa slot demo, you also need to know its variance and RTPs before you play for real money. The game offers a 96.45% RTP, which refers to the money you can earn for every 100 coins you wager. With the combination of lower value wins and an occasional bonus payout, you can classify this slot in the medium volatility section, which offers the best of both worlds. While playing, you may not hit massive jackpot wins you often find in high volatility slots, but the game is enjoyable and gives you wins that can keep you rocking. How to Win Playing Fat Santa Slot Machine No Download App The reason you play Fat Santa slot free or for money is to experience those incredible wins. To land a winning combination, you need to match at least three symbols of a kind on a payline.  Because this is a low volatility game, you are assured frequent payouts. In the game, the top prize is an incredible 6405x your stake. You can get 160,000 coins if you play at max bet. A good return from the fat man.  To know how all the features work, it’s advisable to play the Fat Santa demo slot and upgrade to play for money later. Bonuses and Free Spins When playing Fat Santa, there are two features you should focus on: the free spins and Santa’s sleigh. The sleigh flies across the screen during random spins and drops mince pie wilds on the reels, which boosts the chance of a win real money Fat Santa. To get free spins, you must land a Santa Wild plus a Mince Pie Wild during the same spin. This earns you 5 free spins. If a pie lands, Santa moves towards it and devours it. This adds to the Pie Meter. Every five pies you collect will move you to a different place on the meter, which increases the Santa symbol up to 5 x 5. Also, you will gain free spins from each upgrade. As Santa grows fatter, you will get more free spins, so this should be your target. If all this sounds confounding, you can play Fat Santa slot free play to get the hang of it before you try the slot for real money. Fat Santa Strategy, Tips, and Tricks Many players worldwide who enjoy playing pokies want to follow a strategy that can boost their chances. Nothing beats landing a massive win, even when playing for virtual prizes. Seeing a significant bonus drop gives you a confidence boost and bragging rights. Playing slots successfully is about setting boundaries, so you always get from the session feeling like a winner. No player wants to get losses, so managing your bankroll should be a priority. Use bet limits to ensure you don’t deplete your bankroll. For example, you can set a 50 spin wager as your basis. Always play with money you can afford to lose. Fat Santa on Mobile Devices The slot was designed for mobile gaming. Its 5 x 5 grid displays perfectly in landscape and portrait mode, giving you an intuitive user interface. Fat Santa is made using HTML5 technology, a native browser language. Therefore, you can play the game on mobile devices (iPad, Android Smartphone, and iOS devices) and PC without downloading any app. You can enjoy a smooth experience on all these platforms as HTML5 offers speed and convenience. Conclusion Regardless of the time of the year, Fat Santa can be an early Christmas gift. The game features an incredible festive vibe and offers excellent gameplay with massive payouts. In the winter holidays, this is the perfect slot, especially if you love medium volatility slots. Play Fat Santa free to experience the unique features. Play For Money Screenshots and Video Fat Santa Slot Best Online Slots to Play for Free View All Merry Xmas For money Merry Xmas Jingle Spin For money Jingle Spin Santas Farm For money Santas Farm Lapland For money Lapland Ulrich Neudorf – General Manager Chief editor All Author’s Posts Fat Santa Theme and Graphics Visually, Fat Santa Push Gaming offers an incredible experience. The slot shares much of its DNA with the Fat Rabbit 06.04.2021 5 4 3 2 1 4.6 / 5 162 Category: Free Online Slots Fat Santa Slot 50 Free Spins No Deposit Free Spins No Deposit Online Casino Reviews Free Online Slots Contact us Our Authors About us Responsible Gambling Cookies Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Sitemap fatsantaslot.com © 2025 Play Now