This website uses cookies

We use cookies to keep fatsecret secure and improve our service. We don't sell or share your personal information. Manage your preferences anytime.

Show details
OK
Home
App
Premium
Nutrition API
Support
Articles
English (US)
You’re Unique. So Is Your Weight Loss.

Losing weight isn’t always straightforward. Finding what works, staying motivated, and seeing real progress can feel like an uphill battle. 

We get it. That’s why fatsecret offers tools and support tailored to your needs, wherever you are on your weight loss journey.

Get Started
LOSE WEIGHT WITH FATSECRET
Your Weight Loss, Your Way

Weight loss works best when the tools you use match your needs. For some, that means tracking food to better understand their eating habits. For others, it means having extra support, like meal plans, education, and features that help you stay consistent. fatsecret gives you the flexibility to manage things on your own, or go further with extra features designed to help you stay consistent and make steady progress.

fatsecret App
FATSECRET APP
Take Control on Your Own

Feel confident managing your weight with the fatsecret app. Track your food to understand your calorie and nutrition intake, monitor your progress, and stay motivated. Access powerful tools and support right from your phone to make steady progress toward your weight loss goals.

Learn More
Click to Download
Scan to Download
FATSECRET PREMIUM
Go Further with Smarter Tools

fatsecret Premium takes the guesswork out of weight loss with tools that make losing weight easier and more manageable. We understand your challenges, so our Premium features are designed to simplify logging, keep you consistent, and deliver the support you need to stay on track.

Learn More
FATSECRET PLATFORM
fatsecret Platform API for Food and Nutrition Data

The largest global food and nutrition database that lets you develop innovative diet, nutrition and health solutions. Incorporate the fatsecret Platform API nutrition facts database into existing, or new, customer facing mobile apps, websites, devices and other complementary products and services. fatsecret’s Platform API powers the food and nutrition insights behind the worlds leading health, fitness and wellness products.

Learn More
ARTICLES
Fuel Your Health with Knowledge

Explore practical advice, nutrition tips, and guidance from health professionals designed to support your weight loss journey.

View All
LIFESTYLE
The Power of Sleep for Weight Loss
How not getting enough sleep can negatively impact your weight loss progress.
Kelsey Green
4 min read
Read more
FOOD & NUTRITION
Small Changes That Make a Big Impact on Weight Loss
Simple changes that make a big difference on your weight loss journey.
Kelsey Green
3.5 min read
Read more
MINDSET
How to Stay Motivated on Your Weight Loss Journey
Discover why motivation feels so fleeting and how to make progress that lasts.
Kelsey Green
4 min read
Read more
Weight Loss FAQs

Find answers to commonly asked questions about our weight loss offerings.

What is the story behind fatsecret?

fatsecret was founded in 2006 and has been helping people achieve their weight loss goals for over 18 years. Our mission is to empower anyone to reach their desired weight through individualized and sustainable weight loss. We envision a world where everyone achieves their desired weight, leading to better health and happiness. The fatsecret app has grown to be one of the most trusted calorie counting apps in the world. In recent years, we’ve expanded to offer even more support through the fatsecret Clinic, providing access to GPs and Accredited Practicing Dietitian’s to help Australians lose weight sustainably.

Who is fatsecret suitable for?

fatsecret is ideal for anyone on a health and weight loss journey, whether you’re just starting out or have been working toward your goals for a while. The app provides essential tools to track food, calories, and macros for free, supporting healthy habits at every stage. For those seeking more comprehensive support, our Weight Loss Clinic offers medically supervised weight loss treatments and personalised nutrition care, guided by qualified health professionals.

How much does fatsecret cost?

The fatsecret app and its core features are completely free to use. This includes calorie and macro tracking backed by the worlds largest food and nutrition database, weight logging, the barcode scanner, and access to our community. If you’re looking for more tools and support, fatsecret Premium is available as a paid upgrade in the app and includes additional features like Dietitian-designed Meal Plans, advanced tracking tools, the water tracker, Learning Center and more. Pricing for Premium and availability of some features may vary by region and can be viewed directly in the app.

Can I use fatsecret without trying to lose weight?

Yes. While many people use fatsecret to support weight loss, the app can also help you maintain your current weight, build healthier habits, or simply become more aware of your eating patterns. However, the fatsecret app is designed to support weight loss, so if you are not trying to lose weight, some content may not feel as relevant to you.

Quick Links
Home Page
fatsecret App
fatsecret Premium
About Us
Food Information
Calories & Nutrition (US)
Food List (US)
Brand List (US)
International Foods (US)
Web Login (US)
Resources
Help Center
Contact Us
© 2025 fatsecret. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service