Affiliate success depends on authenticity - Skimlinks Skip to content Publishers Editorial Publishers Automatically monetize product links and boost earnings from commerce content. Shopping Platforms Turn high-intent shopping into revenue with automated affiliate technology. Influencers & Creators​ Earn from your content by linking to products your followers will like and buy. Publisher Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Editorial Publishers Automatically monetize product links and boost earnings from commerce content. Shopping Platforms Turn high-intent shopping into revenue with automated affiliate technology. Influencers & Creators Earn from your content by linking to products your followers will like and buy. Publisher Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Merchants Working with Skimlinks Find out how Skimlinks can support you in succeeding in your affiliate strategy. Preferred Partner Monthly fee gives you access to affiliate support and exclusive benefits. Growth Merchant Start strong to boost your performance in affiliate marketing. Merchant Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Working with Skimlinks Find out how Skimlinks can support you in succeeding in your affiliate strategy. Preferred Partner Monthly fee gives you access to affiliate support and exclusive benefits. Growth Merchant Start strong to boost your performance in affiliate marketing. Merchant Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Insights Publishers Editorial Publishers Automatically monetize product links and boost earnings from commerce content. Shopping Platforms Turn high-intent shopping into revenue with automated affiliate technology. Influencers & Creators​ Earn from your content by linking to products your followers will like and buy. Publisher Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Editorial Publishers Automatically monetize product links and boost earnings from commerce content. Shopping Platforms Turn high-intent shopping into revenue with automated affiliate technology. Influencers & Creators Earn from your content by linking to products your followers will like and buy. Publisher Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Merchants Working with Skimlinks Find out how Skimlinks can support you in succeeding in your affiliate strategy. Preferred Partner Monthly fee gives you access to affiliate support and exclusive benefits. Growth Merchant Start strong to boost your performance in affiliate marketing. Merchant Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Working with Skimlinks Find out how Skimlinks can support you in succeeding in your affiliate strategy. Preferred Partner Monthly fee gives you access to affiliate support and exclusive benefits. Growth Merchant Start strong to boost your performance in affiliate marketing. Merchant Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Insights Log in Get started en Close en Open en Publishers Editorial Publishers Automatically monetize product links and boost earnings from commerce content. Shopping Platforms Turn high-intent shopping into revenue with automated affiliate technology. Influencers & Creators​ Earn from your content by linking to products your followers will like and buy. Publisher Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Editorial Publishers Automatically monetize product links and boost earnings from commerce content. Shopping Platforms Turn high-intent shopping into revenue with automated affiliate technology. Influencers & Creators Earn from your content by linking to products your followers will like and buy. Publisher Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Merchants Working with Skimlinks Find out how Skimlinks can support you in succeeding in your affiliate strategy. Preferred Partner Monthly fee gives you access to affiliate support and exclusive benefits. Growth Merchant Start strong to boost your performance in affiliate marketing. Merchant Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Working with Skimlinks Find out how Skimlinks can support you in succeeding in your affiliate strategy. Preferred Partner Monthly fee gives you access to affiliate support and exclusive benefits. Growth Merchant Start strong to boost your performance in affiliate marketing. Merchant Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Insights Login Get Started en Publishers Editorial Publishers Automatically monetize product links and boost earnings from commerce content. Shopping Platforms Turn high-intent shopping into revenue with automated affiliate technology. Influencers & Creators​ Earn from your content by linking to products your followers will like and buy. Publisher Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Editorial Publishers Automatically monetize product links and boost earnings from commerce content. Shopping Platforms Turn high-intent shopping into revenue with automated affiliate technology. Influencers & Creators Earn from your content by linking to products your followers will like and buy. Publisher Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Merchants Working with Skimlinks Find out how Skimlinks can support you in succeeding in your affiliate strategy. Preferred Partner Monthly fee gives you access to affiliate support and exclusive benefits. Growth Merchant Start strong to boost your performance in affiliate marketing. Merchant Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Working with Skimlinks Find out how Skimlinks can support you in succeeding in your affiliate strategy. Preferred Partner Monthly fee gives you access to affiliate support and exclusive benefits. Growth Merchant Start strong to boost your performance in affiliate marketing. Merchant Resource Center Access guides, tips, and tools to grow your affiliate revenue with Skimlinks. Insights Login Get Started en Back Affiliate success depends on authenticity Commerce content is an essential stream of revenue for publishers, allowing them to earn revenue from the content they write and being less dependent on advertising. In order to differentiate independent content from advertising content, the the United States Federal Trade Commission and the British ASA have issued guidelines on how implied endorsements and testimonials like affiliate marketing must be disclosed to consumers. At Skimlinks, we believe it’s critical for publishers to disclose their use of affiliate links not only to be compliant with the regulatory bodies recommendations or rules, but so that we as an industry maintain an honest and transparent relationship with our readers. If you’re using affiliate links, you need to disclose that you may be paid as a result of people engaging with your content. While this article shouldn’t be considered legal advice, it outlines some standards publishers should apply to their affiliate efforts. Two simple steps to be compliant with regulators guidelines 1. On your site’s “About” or “Disclosures” page What you exactly say is up to you, but here are a couple of examples of Skimlinks’ Publishers that have good approaches to their disclosure page: GoodtoKnow : About Us page Collagerie : Affiliate Disclosure page The Home Page : Affiliate Disclosure page 2. A clear description at the top of every article or post Remember that a general disclosure is not enough. The FTC expects consumers to be able to see the disclosure of the relationship on every article or post that has affiliate links. Here are more examples from Skimlinks clients that appears at the top of articles: Marie Claire “When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.” Teen Vogue “All products featured on Teen Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.” Cosmopolitan “We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.” Skimlinks expects all of our publisher clients to follow the intent of the FTC’s guidelines in the US and the ASA’s in the UK and disclose the relationship in a visible, clear way. RELATED RESOURCES Cyber Week 2025 UK: The brands and categories winning consumer attention Discover the top brands, categories and rising trends of Cyber Week 2025 Read More How to stay agile and in-control this Q4 With just a few weeks until BFCM, we’re sharing three tools to help you easily optimize your content – without adding to your workload. Read More Planifier plus intelligemment, gagner plus : le calendrier éditorial France Skimlinks 2026 pour les éditeurs Le Calendrier éditorial Skimlinks 2026 est conçu pour aider les éditeurs à planifier du contenu qui correspond aux moments qui intéressent le plus les lecteurs français. Read More COMPANY About Insights Careers Skimlinks is a Taboola Company About Insights Careers Skimlinks is a Taboola Company SOLUTIONS FOR PUBLISHERS Editorial Publishers Shopping Platforms Influencers & Creators Referral Program Case Studies Merchant Search Getting Started for Publishers Publisher Support Editorial Publishers Shopping Platforms Influencers & Creators Referral Program Case Studies Merchant Search Getting Started for Publishers Publisher Support SOLUTIONS FOR ADVERTISERS How to work with Skimlinks Growth Merchants Sign up as a Preferred Partner Advertisers FAQ Advertiser Support How to work with Skimlinks Growth Merchants Sign up as a Preferred Partner Advertisers FAQ Advertiser Support LEGAL Privacy Policy User Cookies Visitor Cookies Terms of Service Program Policies Opt Out Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Policy User Cookies Visitor Cookies Terms of Service Program Policies Opt Out Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information