The Fayetteville Observer: Local News, Politics & Sports in Fayetteville, NC News Sports Weekender Lifestyle Advertise Opinion Obituaries eNewspaper Legals FROM THE ARCHIVES: Fayetteville-area New Year's celebrations over the years Duke vs. Arizona State in the Sun Bowl: Live score, highlights Weather Permitting: What to expect in the new year UNC basketball 'wakes up' as Caleb Wilson, Henri Veesaar rise to rim Watch Now Must Read The Crossword Obituaries eNewspaper More Stories Will 5-star PG Deron Rippey Jr pick Duke? How to watch… Ranking the top 25 Fayetteville football teams of the… Final ACC basketball power rankings in 2025 Where to watch Duke basketball vs Georgia Tech, TV… Where to watch Duke football vs Arizona State: TV, time… Shopping Want to age in reverse? Meet Fatty15, a powerful longevity supplement Buy Mexico 2026 World Cup tickets here Start planning 2026 adventures with USA TODAY's wall calendar News Weather Permitting: What to expect in the new year Cumberland County to work with Salvation Army and Manna Despite shrinking environmental oversight, NC air is getting better Sports Duke vs. Arizona State in the Sun Bowl: Live score, highlights UNC basketball 'wakes up' as Caleb Wilson, Henri Veesaar rise to rim UNC vs Florida State score: Tar Heels pull away from Seminoles for ACC win Entertainment Brigitte Bardot, icon of French cinema, dies at 91 Best steakhouse in America? 20 beloved local spots worth the road trip Take a peek inside Pink Belle Vie Café & Cake Supply Life FROM THE ARCHIVES: Fayetteville-area New Year's celebrations over the years Get the list of Fayetteville-area restaurants that opened in 2025 15 Fayetteville-area restaurants that closed in 2025 Business See the lower median price for November home listings in Cumberland County 13 new businesses that opened in the Fayetteville area in 2025 What hours are Fayetteville stores open on Christmas Eve? Opinion Small doesn’t mean disposable: The case for Fayetteville's Massey Hill Katie Wachtler Cumberland's Beaver Dam rallies to save school from closure Myron B. Pitts Why GOP leaders must demand full Epstein file release Jack Bernard Trending Sydney goes silent on New Year's for Bondi Beach victims Australia rings in 2026 with fireworks over the iconic Sydney Harbor How to play the 'Say The Word On Beat' challenge taking over social media Featured Gallery Extra, Extra Nominate Today! NOMINATE TODAY! Winners Announced! More in Contests Cumberland County to work with Salvation Army and Manna Get the list of Fayetteville-area restaurants that opened in 2025 UNC vs Florida State score: Tar Heels pull away from Seminoles for ACC win What 5-star PG Deron Rippey Jr. brings to Duke basketball Duke basketball lands commitment from top-rated PG in 2026 class About Us Careers Staff Directory Accessibility Sitemap Legals Our Ethical Principles USA TODAY Network Style Guide Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Advertiser Acceptance Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy California Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account My Print Account Give Feedback Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook X eNewspaper Archives Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Shopping 10BEST LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions BetMGM NC Bonus Code Caesars Sportsbook NC Promo Code ESPN BET NC Promo Code bet365 NC Bonus Code FanDuel NC Promo Code DraftKings NC Promo Code © 2025 www.fayobserver.com. All rights reserved.