Homepage | Fazi Company HOME iGaming Roulettes Titan Plus Optimum Plus Titan Optimum Slot Machines King Master About Us Contact Land-Based Team iGaming Team News & Events News Blog Gaming Events Client Area HOME iGaming Roulettes Titan Plus Optimum Plus Titan Optimum Slot Machines King Master About Us Contact Land-Based Team iGaming Team News & Events News Blog Gaming Events Client Area Homepage Jelena 2025-12-18T11:10:34+00:00 HOUSE OF GAMES New Game Wild Joker Hot Booster A juicy world of Fruits, sparkling Bells, Wilds, and exciting Scatters lights up the reels in Wild Joker Hot Booster! Activate the Booster to guarantee a Wild on your next spin and boost your chances for explosive wins. Spin now and let the Booster ignite your winning streak! Find Out More FAZI COMPANY Who We Are Fazi Company is known as a reliable creator of sophisticated hi-tech casino equipment and top-performing online casino games. Our most valuable strength is a powerful and fruitful partnership with our clients worldwide. Delivering gaming enjoyment and exciting entertainment for all kinds of players for more than 30 years. We aim to build trusted partnerships, superior support, and exceptional service for our clients by offering more than 200 games in over 60 markets worldwide. Our innovative game solutions are making customers come back over and over again. More About Us Roulettes Fazi will construct and implement a ready-to-go product. Completing the project on time and within budget. It doesn’t get any better than this! Find Out More Roulettes Fazi will construct and implement a ready-to-go product. Completing the project on time and within budget. It doesn’t get any better than this! Find Out More iGaming What you need are experienced casino games developers with industry-specific expertise who will develop, program, design and integrate tailor-made software solutions that will boost profitability. Find Out More iGames What you need are experienced casino games developers with industry-specific expertise who will develop, program, design and integrate tailor-made software solutions that will boost profitability. Find Out More Meet Our Teams The success of our company is the result of dedication and commitment. Reliable and responsible people with a sincere and honest attitude towards work are a long-standing Fazi’s trademark. Our company is built on the foundations of mutual trust. We rely on the strength and ability of each of us in order to achieve top results. iGaming Team Land-Based Team Meet Our Teams The success of our company is the result of dedication and commitment. Reliable and responsible people with a sincere and honest attitude towards work are a long-standing Fazi’s trademark. Our company is built on the foundations of mutual trust. We rely on the strength and ability of each of us in order to achieve top results. iGaming Team Land-Based Team BET & iGAME INDUSTRY News The latest news from the bet & gaming industry, all the activities of Fazi company, as well as announcements of new games and land based products. Stay up-to-date and informed about the latest trends and innovations in this fast-growing industry. More News EXIBITIONS & ACTIVITIES Events Follow the announcements of all events and fairs around the world. Locations where Fazi company activities will be held, as well as reports from all global bet & games conferences. Make advance appointments with our representatives. More Events Top Partners Let’s Get in Touch We’re interested in talking business. Drop Us a Line Let’s Get in Touch We’re interested in talking business. Drop Us a Line Join for Company Updates Certificates ISO 9001:2015 ISO 27001:2022 Quality Policy Family Friendly Enterprise Niš Gruje A.Kostadinović 9D 18000 Niš, Serbia +381 18 455 8880 Beograd Braće Jerković 137B 11000 Belgrade Voždovac, Serbia Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Facebook Youtube Instagram Linkedin Fazi Company. © 2023. All Rights Reserved We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can manage the use of cookies in the settings . Close GDPR Cookie Banner Accept Reject Settings Close GDPR Cookie Banner Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies 3rd Party Cookies Cookie & Privacy Policy Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled 3rd Party Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Cookie & Privacy Policy More information about our Cookie Policy More information about our Privacy Policy Reject All Enable All Save Changes