Foreign &amp; Commonwealth Office - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide cookie message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Search Search GOV.UK Search Home Organisations Foreign & Commonwealth Office Foreign & Commonwealth Office Foreign & Commonwealth Office was replaced by Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) has closed. It’s been replaced by the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO). Documents Services Bring your pet to Great Britain: step by step Affirmation/Affidavit of Marital Status form See all services Guidance and regulation Advice for women travelling abroad 22 December 2023 Guidance Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender: foreign travel advice 19 June 2023 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications Foreign Secretary & Naomi Campbell discuss girls' education 2 October 2024 Press release Hate preachers and extremists banned from the UK 30 April 2024 News story See all news and communications Research and statistics South Korea: UK Science and Innovation Network summary 11 September 2024 Research and analysis Portugal: UK Science and Innovation Network summary 17 May 2024 Research and analysis See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations ASEAN Economic Reform Programme 3 April 2024 Policy paper Prosperity Fund Global Future Cities Programme 13 July 2023 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases List of Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office posts abroad 2 December 2025 Transparency data FCO ministerial gifts, hospitality, travel and meetings, July to September 2018 29 July 2025 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab and requires JavaScript ) . Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 , except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright