FDownloader.Net
Facebook Downloader
Download Facebook Reels
Download Private Video
Help 
English 
Facebook Video Downloader

Tool to download facebook video Full HD, 1080p, 2k, 4k

Download
Facebook video download application for Android

Facebook video download application for Android devices: Download Facebook videos quickly with HD quality.

Why should you use FDownloader?

FDownloader.Net is a Facebook video downloader that supports downloading videos from Facebook with high quality: Full HD, 1080p, 2K, 4K. Using our Facebook video downloader you can download any Facebook video, convert facebook video to mp3, download mp3 music from facebook. Download facebook videos online on a web browser, no need to register for an account and install support software.

Simple & Fast

Our Facebook video downloader helps you to download any Facebook video to your device quickly in a few simple steps.

High quality video

Support downloading Facebook videos with high quality: Full HD, 1080p, 2K, 4K. Download mp3 music on Facebook with quality 320kbps.

Free forever

Free Facebook video downloader, works on web browser. No need to sign up for an account or install support software.

How to download Facebook video?
1
Paste the Facebook video url you want to download in the search box.
2
Select the file format and quality you want and press the "Download" button.
3
Wait a few seconds for the processing to complete and download to your device.
Features of Facebook Downloader
Download the highest quality Facebook videos.
Supports downloading Reels videos from Facebook.
Download Facebook videos in private mode.
Easily download mp3 on Facebook.
A free tool with unlimited downloads.
Supports all devices and no software installation required.
FDownloader.Net - Best Facebook Video Downloader

Facebook Video Downloader is a tool that supports downloading videos from Facebook, allowing you to download high-quality Facebook videos: Full HD, 1080p, 2K, 4K. This tool also lets you convert Facebook videos to mp3 and download high-quality mp3 on Facebook at 128kbps, 192kbps, 256kbps, 320kbps.

FDownloader.Net is the best downloader for downloading videos from Facebook. It supports downloading almost all videos on Facebook such as: private Facebook videos, public Facebook videos, Facebook closed group videos, Facebook secret group videos, Facebook Fanpage videos, Story videos, Livestream videos, Reels (short videos).

Frequently Asked Questions
Why should you use FDownloader.Net to download Facebook video?
FDownloader.Net is the leading Facebook video downloader, allowing to download Facebook videos with high quality: FUll HD, 1080p, 2K, 4K. Allow downloading mp3 from Facebook for free without registering an account and installing support software.
How to download videos from Facebook?
Step 1: Copy and paste the Facebook video Url you want to download into the search box on FDownloader.net
Step 2: Select the format (MP4 or MP3) and the quality you want then press the "Download" button.
Step 3: Wait a few seconds for the tool to process the video then download it to your device.
Can I download a Facebook video to Full HD 1080p?
FDownloader's Facebook video downloader is developed with outstanding technology combined with many complex algorithms that allows you to download Facebook videos with high quality: HD 1080p, 2K, 4K. Therefore, FDownloader.Net is always preferred by many people.
Does FDownloader support downloading private Facebook video?
For Facebook videos you need to log in to be able to view private Facebook videos. FDownloader supports downloading private Facebook videos quickly without complicated operations like other tools. FDownloader.net is the best private Facebook video downloader.
How to download streaming video?
You can't download Facebook live videos until the livestream ends. After the livestream ends, copy the facebook video url and download it according to the steps guided above.
How to download Facebook videos on Android or iPhone?
Our Facebook video downloader works on web browsers. It supports all devices such as PCs, tablets, and mobiles (iOS, Android) without requiring software installation.
Where are Facebook videos after downloading to the device saved?
Please check the "Downloads" folder in your phone or the "download history" section of your browser.
Discover more
Social media management tools
High speed internet plans
1080p Video Support
Influencer marketing courses
High capacity external drives
Professional headphones
video
Online security software
Data recovery services
Smartphones with large storage

© 2025 FDownloader.Net

About
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact