Facebook Video Downloader Online - Download Facebook Videos Toggle navigation Video Downloader How to? How to use FDOWN.net? How to use Extension? How to use Private video Downloader? More Private Video Downloader Facebook Video Downloader (2nd Server) Twitter Video Downloader EN English Español Português Deutsch Français Italian Chrome Extension Contact us Facebook Video Downloader Download Facebook Videos Online Download 0% Complete How to Use FDOWN.net × How to Use FDOWN.net PC / Mac iPhone / iPad Previous Next Previous Next Still not Clear? OK Updates UPDATE (7 June 2025): We resolved issues related to some Facebook Reels not being detected properly. UPDATE (18 March 2025): We fixed an issue with some Facebook videos being downloaded as an audio file. We also made tweaks to improve performance and page load times. Thanks for your feedback! UPDATE (3 August 2024): Resolved issues where the downloader occasionally retrieved incorrect videos. UPDATE (2 May 2024): Fixed issues with the downloader's detection of certain Facebook videos. UPDATE (3 October 2023): Enhanced server stability and improved detection of 'fb.watch' video links. UPDATE (27 July 2023): Squashed minor bugs and fixed an issue causing the video duration to be displayed incorrectly. UPDATE (3 April 2023): We addressed an issue that caused the downloader to keep loading and then fails, as well as some minor bugs you reported. UPDATE (12 December 2022): This update brings a lot of improvements to our website and Chrome Extension: - First, the "How to" pages were revised with up to date instructions to guide you better. - The Chrome Extension was updated to support Reels, Facebook Stories and Private Videos that were previously undetectable (Version 6.1.9). - The online downloader was also updated to fix minor issues that previously caused some videos to be undetected. - We're also working on fixing issues that you reported to us recently, in the meantime please don't hestitate to report any problems you've faced using FDOWN.net. Thanks! UPDATE (25 April 2022): New Update: this update fixes the issues with video detection that we promised to deal with in the last update. Other bugs and improvements have also been implemented in this new version. Thanks for using FDOWN.net. UPDATE (5 April 2022): We fixed issues that affected our servers and caused instability when downloading videos. We're also aware that some videos aren't detected properly or throwing an error when downloading, we're working on a fix that will improve video detection as well as performance. UPDATE (16 February 2022): Updated the downloader so now it detects Facebook Reels properly. You'll be able to download facebook reels like you normally would with any other video! This update also brings minor bug fixes and performance improvements. UPDATE (6 January 2022): This update fixes issues with downloading public videos and displaying the correct thumbnail for the video. UPDATE (1 July 2021): FBDOWN.net is now simply FDOWN.net: We are pleased to announce that we are rebranding FBDOWN as part of our strategy, FBDOWN.net moved to a new home FDOWN.net. This step's major idea is to emphasize the strength of our growth and commitment by delivering the service quality that meets your expectations. What does that mean for you? Apart from the name change, there will be no other changes that would affect the functionality of FBDOWN. Simply, you'll be able to continue using our website like before. As we continue our journey together toward the 10 Year mark, we'd like to take some time and thank you for your time with us. If you have questions or suggestions, feel free to contact us anytime. UPDATE (4 April 2021): We are working on fixes for our web downloader and Chrome extension. You might notice some disruption while we are tweaking things up, stay tuned for the upcoming update! Thanks for your understanding and Happy downloading. UPDATE (31 December 2020): We fixed some bugs with the downloader as well as made improvements to its performance. Videos from Facebook Watch and m.facebook.com are downloadable again. We are going to release a new version of our Chrome Extension that fixes the detection of videos on Facebook, stay tuned! Also we'd like to take this chance to wish you a Happy New Year 2021. UPDATE (25 September 2020): New Extension Update We are happy to introduce the new Chrome Extension update (V6.0). We totally revamped the extension from the ground up, adding new features, fixing bugs and improving the interface. Here's what's new: - Support for the new Facebook theme and Facebook Watch feed. - More formats are downloadable from Facebook (up to 4K). - Fixed the issue of videos without Audio. - Videos are converted, processed and downloaded through our website, for your convenience. - Brand new and cleaner interface. - Support for new websites. - and more... We are still testing new features and fixes, that's why we'd love to hear your feedback. UPDATE (18 July 2020): We fixed some minor issues related to video detection, the downloader is now faster to detect videos. We are also working on a new and totally revamped Chrome Extension (v6) that works with the new Facebook layout as well as support for more 3rd party websites. Stay tuned! UPDATE (16 May 2020): We fixed the Private Video Downloader and revamped the whole process, making it easier and faster to use. We are also working on other fixes for the main downloader. Thanks for reporting issues and bugs! UPDATE (18 March 2020): We fixed some bugs with the downloader and improved some UI elements. Also we are working on fixing the Private Video Downloader and some other issues that you reported, however it's going to take some time due to the current situation we are all facing (COVID-19). Take care of yourselves and your families! UPDATE (23 December 2019): We Wish You a Merry Christmas! We send you our warmest greetings of this festive season and best wishes for happiness this New Year. We fixed an issue with some URL types: mobile links (m.facebook.com) and the new fbwat.ch links are supported. The Downloader is now fully working as usual. Thanks for submitting bugs and issues. UPDATE (15 November 2019): We improved the downloader to support the new URL architecture of Facebook. We also fixed the thumbnail, video duration as well as video titles and descriptions that weren't showing most of the time. Don't hesitate to leave your feedback! UPDATE (14 September 2019): We fixed an issue with our Chrome Extension that caused the Tutorial page to open every time Google Chrome was launched. The new version 5.0.26 will auto install, if not please remove it and install it again from this Download Page . UPDATE (3 July 2019): We fixed the issue that led to Video Thumbnails not to show on the download page, we also implemented so bug fixes and general improvements. UPDATE (25 April 2019): Multilanguage Support: FBDOWN.net now supports 5 new Languages and more coming soon! The languages that are coming soon are: Arabic, Chinese, Japanese and Turkish... Everything is still in Beta testing and if you notice anything wrong or want to improve the translations, feel free to contact us . UPDATE (14 March 2019): We fixed server related issues that made the website unavailable for some users. Also the Firefox Add-on is being worked on and should be available in the next few days. We'll keep you posted! . UPDATE (1 January 2019): We fixed some minor bugs and improved performance. We also wish our users a Happy New Year! UPDATE (21 November 2018): We updated our Chrome Extension and changed its name from FBDOWN Video Downloader to Video Downloader PLUS . The update also includes some bug fixes and improvements. UPDATE (12 October 2018): We fixed some bugs and made improvements to the downloader. Video thumbnails work with almost all videos now thanks to a new algorithm. We are having some issues with the Chrome Extension and we are working on fixing them. . UPDATE (21 August 2018): We updated the How-To section with newer and easier to follow screenshots. We also added a how-to guide and screenshots for iOS devices (iPhone & iPad). You can now check guides without exiting the home page with the new "How to Use FBDOWN.net" button. UPDATE (03 July 2018): We've updated the Private Video Downloader , making it even simpler and easier to use as well as fixing all the issues related to it. UPDATE (18 June 2018): Our Chrome Extension now shows Thumbnails for Facebook Videos. We also fixed an issue that caused the extension to be automatically deleted due to a false positive trigger. UPDATE (09 March 2018): We've update the Chrome extension and fixed some minor issues. Also, we want to inform you that our website is now accessible from the new generic domain FBDOWN.COM . UPDATE (14 November 2017): We fixed an issue that caused videos links from the mobile version of Facebook not to be detected ( m.facebook.com ). Mobile videos are now downloadable again. . UPDATE (12 September 2017: We updated the website and fixed some minor issues. Also FBDown now uses HTTPS (SSL) for a better and more secure experience, you might have already noticed the SECURE on the address bar :) UPDATE (23 May 2017): Our Chrome Extension is now live again on Chrome Web Store. Thanks for your patience! If you are still encountring issues, please Contact us anytime. UPDATE  (1st April 2017): Hoorray! We finally updated our Chrome Extension to v4.0 and it brings a lot of new features and fixes altogether: Fixed issues with some Facebook videos not being detected. Download videos from any website is back and 100% Working Redesigned the popup window making it more compact and easier to use. The extension should update itself automatically, if that's not the case then please remove it and install it again from here: Video Downloader PLUS Frequently Asked Questions Where are videos saved after being downloaded? It depends on the OS and Browser you are using, but usually all videos are saved under "Downloads" folder on Windows and Mac. You can also press CTRL+J in your Browser to view your download history. Why the video is playing instead of downloading? That's something normal to happen, especially on browsers other than Chrome. To solve this issue, instead of left clicking the Download Video link, Right Click -> Save as... and choose the location you'd like to save the video to. Does FBDOWN work on Mobile devices? ( / ) Currently FBDOWN works just fine with Android using Chrome browser. As for iOS, you can check our How to Download Facebook Videos on iPhone or iPad guide, to be able to save Facebook videos to your camera roll. Can I download Live Facebook videos? Yes, you can download Facebook Live videos but only after they finish streaming. Video with no audio/only audio Videos that contain Copyrighted Music are the most affected. We've found a solution to this, just Click "Video with No Audio" on the download page of your video and you'll be able to convert the video with audio. Does FBDOWN store downloaded videos or keep a copy of videos? FBDOWN doesn't store videos neither we keep copies of downloaded videos. All videos are hosted on Facebook's servers. Also, we don't keep track of download histories of our users, thus making using FBDOWN.net totally Anonymous. Will there ever be a Firefox addon? Yes! We are currently working on a new Firefox addon that works the same way as our Chrome extension. Facebook Video Downloader Online How to Download Facebook Videos | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us | About FDOWN does not host any videos on its servers. All videos that you download are hosted on Facebook's CDNs. FDOWN (formerly FBDOWN) is a Social Media Services website and is not associated by any means to Facebook or the Facebook brand and doesn't have anything to do with Meta Platforms, Inc. Read the full Disclaimer .