Homepage | Fairleigh Dickinson University Skip to content Search Enter Keywords Search Menu What’s New Giving to FDU Calendar ▾ Academic Calendar Student Life Calendar Metropolitan Metro Campus This Month Student Life Calendar Florham Florham Campus This Month Academic Calendar Vancouver Vancouver Campus This Month Shortcuts ▾ myFDU Connect Information Technology Office 365 and Email Self-Service Webcampus SAMI Support FDU Alert Coursefinder Faculty and Staff Directory Libraries Online Programs Apply For Students For Faculty and Staff For Alumni For Veterans For Families About ▾ About History and Mission University Leadership and Offices Strategic Plan – FDU Will Soar Faculty and Staff Directory Accreditations 2024-2025 Self-Study Contact Us Rankings and Distinctions Community Outreach Academics ▾ Academics Program Finder Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Vancouver Academics Online Programs Colleges Academic Calendar Core Curriculum Academic Advising and Support University Bulletins Centers and Institutes Community College Partnership Honors at FDU Research Global Education and Study Abroad Lifelong Learning at FDU Libraries Academic Policies Credit for Prior Learning FDU Health Admissions ▾ Admissions Freshman/First-Year Admissions Apply Now to FDU Visit Tuition and Fees Transfer Student Admissions Adult/Nontraditional/Part-time Admissions International Admissions Summer Sessions 2026 Graduate Admissions Vancouver Admissions Services Admission for Veterans Financial Aid Campuses ▾ Campuses Florham Campus Metropolitan Campus Vancouver Campus Online Programs Wroxton College Off-Campus Sites Public Safety Student Life ▾ Student Life Dean of Students Housing and Residence Life Dining Student Wellness Services Disability Support Services Student Community Student Clubs and Organizations Student Life Policies and Procedures Computer Facilities Student Publications Career Support Bookstore New Student Checklists Athletics ▾ Athletics Division I FDU Knights Division III FDU Devils About Explore Up a level (this gets replaced in JS) History and Mission University Leadership and Offices Strategic Plan – FDU Will Soar Faculty and Staff Directory Accreditations 2024-2025 Self-Study Contact Us Rankings and Distinctions Community Outreach Academics Explore Up a level (this gets replaced in JS) Program Finder Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Vancouver Academics Online Programs Colleges Academic Calendar Core Curriculum Academic Advising and Support University Bulletins Centers and Institutes Community College Partnership Honors at FDU Research Global Education and Study Abroad Lifelong Learning at FDU Libraries Academic Policies Credit for Prior Learning FDU Health Admissions Explore Up a level (this gets replaced in JS) Freshman/First-Year Admissions Apply Now to FDU Visit Tuition and Fees Transfer Student Admissions Adult/Nontraditional/Part-time Admissions International Admissions Summer Sessions 2026 Graduate Admissions Vancouver Admissions Services Admission for Veterans Financial Aid Campuses Explore Up a level (this gets replaced in JS) Florham Campus Metropolitan Campus Vancouver Campus Online Programs Wroxton College Off-Campus Sites Public Safety Student Life Explore Up a level (this gets replaced in JS) Dean of Students Housing and Residence Life Dining Student Wellness Services Disability Support Services Student Community Student Clubs and Organizations Student Life Policies and Procedures Computer Facilities Student Publications Career Support Bookstore New Student Checklists Athletics Explore Up a level (this gets replaced in JS) Division I FDU Knights Division III FDU Devils What’s New Giving to FDU Calendar Icon / Chevron Down Created with Sketch. Academic Calendar Student Life Calendar Metropolitan Metro Campus This Month Student Life Calendar Florham Florham Campus This Month Academic Calendar Vancouver Vancouver Campus This Month Shortcuts Icon / Chevron Down Created with Sketch. myFDU Connect Information Technology Office 365 and Email Self-Service Webcampus SAMI Support FDU Alert Coursefinder Faculty and Staff Directory Libraries Online Programs Apply For Students For Faculty and Staff For Alumni For Veterans For Families Fairleigh Dickinson University Happy Holidays from FDU! Step into An FDU Wonderland and enjoy a special holiday video celebrating the season, our community and the FDU spirit! Read More Florham Campus Madison, N.J. Metropolitan Campus Teaneck, N.J. Vancouver Campus Canada Wroxton College England What's New at FDU Top 5 @FDUWhatsNew Posts of 2025 These were your most liked and shared @FDUWhatsNew posts of 2025. FDU Team Excels at HSI Battle of the Brains An eight-student FDU team from the Silberman College of Business and the Gregory H. Olsen College of Engineering and Science excelled at the 2025 Hispanic-serving Institution Battle of the Brains in Austin, placing sixth overall and earning a Top Business Score. Knights Launch Women’s Flag Football Program The FDU Knights have joined the Jets ECAC women's flag football league. Beginning in 2027, the Knights will compete in the largest collegiate league in the country. Go to What's New Seize the Moment! The FDU Knights shocked the nation on one of the world’s biggest stages. But that’s just the beginning. FDU can provide YOU with the opportunity to go out into the world and make a difference too! 7 #7 in Best Value Schools in the North says U.S. News & World Report 9 #9 for Social Mobility in the North says U.S. News & World Report 100 100+ Majors and Concentrations Read more about FDU Spotlight on FDU Val Randazzo As co-owner of Afterglow Vintage, alumna Val Randazzo, BS’22 (Flor), locates, preserves and resells vintage tees (and other clothes) circa the 1960s, 70s, 80s and 90s. Read More WE ARE FDU Impact Opportunities at FDU Student Life Career Development Support Students First @FDUWhatsNew See More on Instagram Meet our new lecturer of criminal justice, Tiffany Sending restful and cozy vibes to our FDU communit We're missing these 2012 autumn vibes on cold, win Merry Christmas, FDU! Have a holly, jolly holiday. Power couple Dina Deleasa-Gonsar, BA’06 (Flor), Meet our newest clinical assistant professor of nu And just like that, the sun sets on the Fall 2025 How many FDU students does it take to decorate a C Get to know assistant professor of clinical psycho FDU is here to send holiday cheer! We wish you and In the classroom, assistant professor Marina Saad You liked and engaged with FDU this year, and we M Happy Hanukkah, FDU! We wish you a bright Festival Only a few finals left, keep studying! 📖 #FDUWh As co-owner of Afterglow Vintage, alumna Val Randa Say "hello" to our newest lecturer of social work, Apply Now Contact Us Visit FDU Follow Us Accessibility Accreditation Notices Cookie Preferences Do not sell my data © 2025 Fairleigh Dickinson University, All Rights Reserved.