Featurebase – Modern Support & Feedback Platform Featurebase Open menu Features Solutions Resources Company Pricing Login Sign up Start for free Modern customer support & feedback platform Support your customers with AI, collect feedback, and announce product updates — all with one tool Get started - free Get a demo Support Support Feedback Feedback Help Center Help Product Updates Changelog Customers Customers Discover all Support Platform features Learn more Powering the world's leading startups and enterprises Support Support your customers with AI Consolidate all your customer communication channels into a powerful inbox. Provide instant, AI-powered support everywhere from one place. Explore support Omnichannel inbox Support customers wherever they are: In-app, Slack, Discord, Emails, and more from a single powerful inbox. Learn more AI support agent Let Fibi AI agent automatically resolve customer issues and cut down support loads for your team. Learn more Workflows & automations Build workflows for SLAs, automatically extending trials, offering discounts, and much more. Learn more " The customer support management has been so pleasant that I'm actually addicted to using Featurebase and checking our tickets. " Thibault Paulet Co-founder at Rize Feedback Build better products with customer feedback Centralize user feedback, identify impactful product opportunities, and turn insights to revenue by building the right features. Explore feedback Centralized feedback hub Centralize insights to a single source of truth with a feedback portal, in-app widgets, and integrations. Let users vote on each other's ideas & show a public roadmap. Learn more AI feedback prioritization One place for all your product feedback, connected to customer data. Featurebase helps you declutter & find the most impactful opportunities with AI. Learn more Automatically close the loop Featurebase automatically notifies all relevant users when their requests are shipped. No more manual follow-ups. Learn more " In the early days at Lovable, Featurebase became a cornerstone of our efforts to centralize and make sense of product feedback! " – Lovable team Connect with your favorite tools Connect Featurebase with your favorite tools in just a few clicks, with new integrations added constantly. Explore integrations Help Center Intelligent documentation for self-serve support Get customers the answers they need, fast, and cut down your support loads. AI-native, beautiful, and built for usability. Explore help center AI search answers Give customers instant AI answers right in the search bar to help them find what they need, fast. Learn more Multi-brand & multilingual Scale your help content to global audiences in different brands, and 40+ languages. Learn more Powerful editor Notion-like editor experience with tons of formatting options and custom components to make your docs stand out. Learn more " Featurebase is an impressive way to document software and keep customers engaged. An amazing product from an awesome team. " Michelle Ratcliffe UX Docs Writer at The Despatch Company Changelog Keep users updated with product changelogs Announce product updates, drive engagement, and keep your users in the loop about changes - effortlessly, with no code. Explore changelog Public changelog page Serve your changelogs from a standalone page with a custom domain and fully brand it. Subscribe users to email updates. Learn more In-app changelog widgets Showcase new updates directly within your product and website with our embeddable changelog widgets. Learn more Release segmentation Segment your product releases by user attributes to always send out targeted release notes. Learn more " We needed a way to communicate updates to our customers and knew that one channel wouldn't suffice. That's where Featurebase came in. " Trevor Pyle Head of Product Marketing at Profound Collaborate across teams to move fast Built for teams that want to move fast and automate more, while staying close to their customers. Support teams Resolve issues faster with an AI-powered inbox, surface recurring problems, and automatically share customer insights with your Product team. Learn more Product teams See feedback, support issues, and customer data in one place. Prioritize the most valuable ideas and transparently show other teams what you’re working on. Learn more GTM teams Communicate product updates and see each account’s requests, tickets, and data in one place – helping you close deals faster and manage renewals proactively. Learn more " Featurebase has become an essential part of how we build at Elementor, and I couldn't imagine going back to the way things were before. " Ido Navarro Product manager at Elementor The support & product platform for the next generation Featurebase is built for scale. Our customers support millions of end-users with sub-150ms latency. 30m+ Customer issues & conversations 186+ Countries 1,500+ Customers > 99.9% Uptime Scale with security Featurebase is audited and certified by industry-leading third party standards. Talk to sales GDPR CCPA SOC 2 Start building products your users love Join thousands of modern product, marketing & support teams building better products with Featurebase. Get started for free Get a demo Featurebase The modern support & product suite for the next generation. Built in the 🇪🇺. Products Support platform Workflows Help Center Feedback Roadmaps Changelog Solutions Startups Enterprise Support teams Product teams GTM teams Compare Intercom Zendesk Canny Productboard GitBook Mintlify Others Resources Help Center API Docs Integrations Use cases Privacy DPA Terms Company Manifesto Customers Careers Pricing Changelog Roadmap Blog