Home - FEE Skip to main content For Students Hazlitt Fellowship Hackathon Seminars For Teachers Classroom Resources Economics Olympiad Financial Intelligence Certification Analysis & Opinion Shows About Store Donate Search Learn the Ideas of Freedom. Change the World. Founded in 1946, FEE is the original home of free-market economic thinking in America. FEE’s popular digital content and in-person programs turn complex ideas into practical tools for living your best life and making the world a better place. Read our Featured Articles View All Economics Texas: On Its Way to Ending Property Tax? Texas Governor Greg Abbott announced his reelection bid in November by saying he wants to abolish school property taxes. Naturally there have been objections, and we’d like to add our own feedback: it doesn’t go far enough. He also proposed limiting appraisals to once every five years. That would ideally lead to a reduction of […] December 30, 2025 | Christopher Baecker Crystal Keen Systems of Trust December 29, 2025 | Benjamin BH Ko Economics The Tariff Vindication That Still Isn’t December 28, 2025 | David Hebert Economics Brussels Bets the Farm December 26, 2025 | Cláudia Ascensão Nunes Economics Can Europe Survive? That Depends on France December 24, 2025 | David Marsh Economics Values in the Market December 23, 2025 | Kimberlee Josephson Culture Encouraging innovative education beyond standard schooling. Learn More More From FEE Set Your Students Up For Success Elevate your students’ educational experience and ease your schedule with our world-class webinars and in-person programs. Explore our Programs Visit our Learning Center The Wonders of Human Cooperation Explore our premier economic workshops, which delve into indispensable economic and philosophical principles through engaging presentations from Ph.D. professors and hands-on activities. What You Need to Know About Money Before 20 Our flagship financial literacy workshops empower students with practical principles and essential finance management practices. Pivotal Moments in US History Encourage your students to think deeply about the unseen impact of economics on US History through the help of experts and Ph.D. professors from top-rated universities. The Learning Center Give your students the competitive edge they need in today’s rapidly changing world. Want to stay up to date on everything FEE is producing? Join Our Newsletter Instagram Facebook X YouTube TikTok Help Foster a Brighter Future Donate General Contact Careers and Internships Annual Reports Financial Data Privacy Policy Commentary Newsletters Write For Us eBooks Freeman Archives Students & Educators Education Entrepreneurship Lab LiberatED Get Involved: Opportunities For Students Hazlitt Fellowship Hackathon Seminars For Teachers Classroom Resources Economics Olympiad Financial Intelligence Certification Analysis & Opinion Shows About Store Donate