Feeder – RSS Feed Reader Post your score You scored points! What's your alias? E-mail feeder.co How it works Why Feeder? For news agencies For pharma For compliance For job seekers Pricing Login Sign up Your favorite content. All in one place Stay up to date with what is relevant to you. Sign up for free The smart way to consume news Feeder is the news manager that tracks any online source you choose and bundles it into an easy-to-digest reading experience. Advanced filters 100% relevant content Notifications Never miss a thing Fast updates Be the first to know You’ll be in good company We know you’re busy. Feeder makes sure you only consume content that matters to you. Always informed With Feeder, you keep 100% updated with news in your industry – including competitors, trends, regulations and social media. Always first to know Save time. Distribute information to relevant people, create advanced workflows and get notified of important updates. Always at one glance Important information easy to digest - so you can take it all in at one glance. Increase relevancy and customize to your needs. Read wherever, whenever With our browser extensions, online reader and mobile feed readers you manage news anywhere — even on the go. Download for mobile feeder.co is on Google Play feeder.co is on Apple App Store And your browser Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Microsoft Edge Save hours on finding and following content every week. Sign up for a free account now. Sign up now Sign up with Google or E-mail Password By signing up I agree to the Terms of Service What our users are saying Feeder is an integral part of our monitoring in the newsroom and is used in all departments. We are very happy with the solution so far. Feeder is easy to use; from navigation to adding sources and setting up special needs for monitoring. – Magnus Aabech, NTB I've been hooked to Feeder for almost 7 years. I keep up-to-date about the latest news and releases in programming. I follow blogs, industry news and more. I honestly don't know what would I do with out it? – Damien Timewell, tech consultant For me it is super important to be among the first 5 who respond to new job postings. And thanks to the Feeder's fast updates and special filters, I always am. I recommend this app to everyone who understands that speed matters! – Nazar Malyy, freelance translator feeder.co The product — How it works Pricing Blog Get inspired Why Feeder? — For news agencies For pharma For compliance For job seekers Addons — Chrome Extension Firefox Extension iOS app Android app Edge Extension Gengo power-up Resources — About us Support Help center Knowledge base Affiliate Program Fake news Legal Refund policy Status Copyright © 2025 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.