Musi – Simple Music Streaming Musi is currently unavailable on the App Store, but we’re working hard to bring it back. If you already have the app it will continue to function as usual. Musi is currently unavailable on the App Store, but we’re working hard to bring it back. If you already have the app it will continue to function as usual. Musi Download Musi Download Musi Musi is currently unavailable on the App Store, but we’re working hard to bring it back. If you already have the app it will continue to function as usual. Musi Download Musi Download Musi The music app without limits Your music, organized the way you want. Check out the app that millions of people use everyday. Your music, organized the way you want. Check out the app that millions of people use everyday. Download Musi for iOS Meet Musi Experience your music, the way you want. Experience your music, the way you want. Search for everything you want Access YouTube search directly through Musi Simple navigation Just one tap to switch between your favorites, playlists, and search Build unlimited playlists You can add your own artwork to them too Secured to your device Everything is yours - we don’t track you with accounts Organize your favorites Musi emphasizes the playlists that YOU create Full featured 10 band equalizer For the loudest bass, of course Trusted by millions See why Musi has been a staple on iOS for over 10 years. 4.8 star average rating. Over 3 Million positive reviews. Musi feels great in low-light environments. Dark Mode and theming allow you to make Musi your own. Dark Mode - ON Musi automatically changes between light modes to match your vibes. Custom Themes Whether you love pink, orange, or blue, you can find the theme that works for you. Don't just take our word for it. May 28, 2024 This is my favorite app EVER! I highly recommend this app! I have told multiple people about it and they all love it! Must download! June 1, 2024 It has all my fav songs and stuff January 12, 2024 Love musi. It’s my go 2 fire had it for years April 3, 2024 Musi is great! You can hear your favorite songs and even watch YouTube videos on it! Try it out!!!!! June 2, 2024 I love musi I always listen to song in car rides it’s really a good song June 5, 2024 Think I've tried just about every music app out there and this trumps all of them. No interrupted music, just pure consistent vibes. April 13, 2024 But I love this app I always listen to song in car rides it’s really a good song May 20, 2024 Okay so I like Musi way more than Spotify because you can’t even hear the ads. It’s the best, why pay for Spotify when you can use Musi that has silent ads. May 2, 2024 Musi's by far the most used app on my phone, I LOVE it. Listening to podcasts and videos is great on there too. Show more May 18, 2024 Been using musi for bout 2 years, it’s a good option and free, I recommend it to friends and family January 4, 2024 Never leave reviews for any app, but been using Musi almost 3 years and they’ve never switched up! Awesome Music app. February 28, 2024 Perfect, literallyI’m a guy that plays lots of and listens to even more music. So when an app like this rolls by, I take a lot of time to trust it. There have been many apps in the past that have tried to be like this one, but they always fall short because of a few things bur this app has it all. January 22, 2024 Lovin’ it! I’ve been using Musi for music for a good, long, hard while now, and you never cease to amaze! June 1, 2024 I’m not usually a review person but Musi is so good I’ve personally recommended it to many people I know in real life. March 24, 2024 Musi's the best, I used it all the time and it really my only source for listening to music. Frequently Asked Questions What is Musi? Musi is an organizational tool for videos on YouTube, with an emphasis on features tailored toward music. Musi allows you to easily create and share playlists, control your audio with an equalizer, crossfade between videos, sing along with lyrics, easily control and re-arrange your up next queue, and more. Can I import my playlists from other apps? Musi currently supports importing playlists that you have saved on YouTube. This can be achieved by tapping the Playlists tab and then tapping the “+” button on the top right. How can I add tracks to my playlist? Open the playlist and tap the “+” button. From here, you can search to add tracks or merge tracks from other playlists. Playlists that have been shared with you are read-only and cannot be added to. How can I create a playlist? Visit the Playlists tab and tap the "+" button. Does Musi play offline? Musi requires an internet connection to play videos at all time, and can work on both data and WiFi. Data rates will apply, although Musi strives to be as lightweight as possible. Download now and start your experience Ready to Feel The Musi? Download for iOS Follow us Privacy Terms & Conditions Press Help Center Disclaimer. This is not the official site of Musi. This is a prototype made and owned by Nate Billion