 Home - Blue Cross and Blue Shield's Federal Employee Program Skip to main content Log In to MyBlue ® What is MyBlue ® Explore Our Plans FEHB Health Plans FEHB Plan Overviews Compare Our FEHB Plans FEP Blue Focus® FEP Blue Basic® FEP Blue Standard® Prescription Drug Coverage PSHB Health Plans PSHB Plan Overviews Compare Our PSHB Plans FEP Blue Focus® FEP Blue Basic® FEP Blue Standard® Prescription Drug Coverage FEP & Medicare Preparing for Medicare Combining FEP & Medicare Using Your Benefits FEP Medicare Prescription Drug Program (MPDP) Brochures & Resources Claim Forms Dental & Vision Plans Plan Brochures Plan Summaries How to Enroll Plan Finder Tools Find Coverage & Care Find Care Find a Doctor Ways to Get Care Telehealth Overseas Health Care Costs Prescription Drug Cost Tool Treatments & Procedures Cost Estimates Manage Claims & Records Incentives & Discounts No Surprises Act FEP & Medicare Preparing for Medicare Combining FEP & Medicare Using Your Benefits MPDP Medication Therapy Management Medicare Prescription Payment Plan Pharmacy Coverage FEHB Prescription Drug Coverage PSHB Prescription Drug Coverage Stay Healthy Manage Your Health Manage Claims & Records Blue Health Assessment Daily Habits Preventive Care Family Planning Weight Management No Surprises Act Health Tips & Articles BlueNews Blog Health of America Reports WebMD Interactive Resources Healthy Families Coronavirus Resource Center Manage Specific Conditions Pregnancy Hypertension Diabetes Mental Health Tobacco Cessation Asthma Chronic Conditions Chronic Pain Incentives & Discounts Wellness Incentive Program Routine Annual Physical Pregnancy Care Hypertension Management Generic Incentive Program Tobacco Cessation Get Support & Resources About FEP Service & Support About Us Public Service Recognition Find an Event FAQs Customer Service Enrollment & Benefits Medicare Mobile App MyBlue Account Pharmacy Overseas MPDP Brochures & Resources Plan Brochures Plan Summaries Quick Reference Guides Videos Claim Forms Tools Overview For FEP Members MyBlue Member Portal fepblue App Your Member ID Card Log In to MyBlue ® What is MyBlue ® Concierge Modal Welcome to BCBS FEP Please tell us who you are We'll guide you to the right place Federal employees and retirees with BCBS FEP Postal Service employees and retirees with BCBS FEP Interested in BCBS FEP health plans Federal employee or retiree with BCBS FEP Please tell us a bit more about yourself: Federal employee Federal retiree Have questions? We're here with answers. Contact Us Federal employee with BCBS FEP We'd suggest starting in one of these areas: See What's New for 2026 Explore Your Coverage and Benefits Search for the Lowest Price on Medications New to FEP? You can expect to receive your member ID card in January 2026. In the meantime, if you have any questions about your new coverage, we're here with answers. Contact Us Retired federal employee with BCBS FEP We'd suggest starting in one of these areas: See What's New for 2026 Check Out Your Prescription Benefits Learn more about the FEP Medicare Prescription Drug Program See How BCBS FEP Works with Medicare Get Up to $800 Back a Year FEP Blue Basic members can register for a Medicare Reimbursement Account New to FEP? You can expect to receive your member ID card in January 2026. In the meantime, if you have any questions about your new coverage, we're here with answers. Contact Us Postal Service employee or retiree with BCBS FEP Please tell us a bit more about yourself: Postal Service employee Postal Service retiree Have questions? We're here with answers. Contact Us Postal Service employee with BCBS FEP We'd suggest starting in one of these areas: Learn About the Postal Service Health Benefits Program Explore Your Coverage and Benefits See How BCBS FEP is Committed to Postal Service Employees Take a Look at Our Prescription Drug Coverage New to FEP? You can expect to receive your member ID card in January 2026. In the meantime, if you have any questions about your new coverage, we're here with answers. Contact Us Retired Postal Service employee with BCBS FEP We'd suggest starting in one of these areas: Learn About the Postal Service Health Benefits Program Explore Your Coverage and Benefits See How BCBS FEP is Here for Postal Service Retirees Take a Look at Our Prescription Drug Coverage New to FEP? You can expect to receive your member ID card in January 2026. In the meantime, if you have any questions about your new coverage, we're here with answers. Contact Us Interested in BCBS FEP Please tell us a bit more about yourself: I'm a federal employee or retiree I'm a Postal Service employee or retiree I'm a uniformed service retiree/family member Have questions? We're here with answers. Contact Us Interested in BCBS FEP: Federal employee or retiree We'd suggest starting in one of these areas: See Why We're a Trusted Choice for Federal Employees Compare Our Plans Side-by-Side See How BCBS FEP Works with Medicare Get a Plan Recommendation Have questions? We're here with answers. Contact Us Interested in BCBS FEP: Postal Service employee or retiree We'd suggest starting in one of these areas: Learn About the Postal Service Health Benefits Program Compare Our PSHB Plans Side-by-Side See How BCBS FEP is Committed to Postal Service Employees See How BCBS FEP is Here for Postal Service Retirees Have questions? We're here with answers. Contact Us Welcome to quality health care coverage for federal employees, Postal Service employees and their families. See Your FEHB Coverage See Your PSHB Coverage See What’s New Take a look at our new benefits and updates for 2026. Learn More Here for You See how FEP is here for federal and Postal Service employees, retirees and their families. Learn More Find an Event View and register for our virtual and in-person events near you. Learn More Here for You Here for You Find an Event Looking ahead to 2026 Your health is always our #1 priority. That’s why we want to make sure you know what your health plan offers. Whatever life brings, we'll be here with the tools, resources and coverage you need, every step of the way. See all the changes and updates we’re making for next year. Learn More Getting care Find a Doctor Search our nationwide directory to find Preferred providers near you. Learn More Pharmacy Members get access to over 55,000 Preferred pharmacies in the U.S. Learn More Prior Authorization For some care, you may need pre-approval. Find out which services need approval before you get care. Prior Authorization Manage Claims How to Submit a Claim Follow these steps to submit a claim from an out-of-network provider. Learn More View Claims & Statements View existing claims and summary of your bills. Learn More Dispute a Claim Disagree with a claim denial? You can start the dispute process here. Learn More Looking for coverage? Medical Count on a network with over 2 million doctors and hospitals in the U.S. Learn More Dental Get fully-covered, in-network preventive care, including up to three cleanings a year. Learn More Vision Enjoy fully-covered comprehensive vision care exams, a frame allowance and more. Learn More Download the app Our free app makes it easy to search for in-network providers, pharmacies and urgent care centers near you. Contact Us National Information Center 1 (800) 411-BLUE Download the fepblue App Tax Information OPM Terms & Privacy Rights & Responsibilities Policies & Guidelines Machine Readable Files Partnerships Español 繁體中文 Tiếng Việt 한국어 Tagalog Русский العربية Kreyòl Français Português Polski 日本語 Italiano Deutsch فارسی ©2025 Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. All rights reserved. You are leaving fepblue.org You will be going to a new website, operated on behalf of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Service Benefit Plan by a third party. The protection of your privacy will be governed by the privacy policy of that site. Please review the terms of use and privacy policies of the new site you will be visiting. Continue We use cookies on this website to give you the best experience and measure website usage. By continuing to use this website, you consent to these cookies. For more information, view our privacy policy .