Fera - Reviews App for Shopify SMS Review Request Now Available - Learn More Features Manage Reviews Easily Easily manage all of your store and products reviews. Show Reviews Beautifully Show beautiful review widget, store-ratings, & product photos. Grow Reviews Automatically Automatically request reviews, photos and videos from customers. Increase Review Conversions Now you can request reviews through SMS. Apps & Integrations Pricing Blog Login Free Signup Features Manage Reviews Easily Easily manage all of your store and products reviews. Show Reviews Beautifully Show beautiful review widget, store-ratings, & product photos. Grow Reviews Automatically Automatically request reviews, photos and videos from customers. Increase Review Conversions Now you can request reviews through SMS. Apps & Integrations Pricing Blog Login Signup for Free Trial Reviews they trust, results you'll love Automatically collect photo, video and text reviews and show them beautifully to shoppers. Signup for Free Trial View All Features Rated 4.9 / 5 by thousands of merchants. Fera is rated 4.95 out of 5 stars by thousands of merchants on the Shopify, Wix and BigCommerce app stores. 2000+ Reviews ★★★★★ 3000+ Reviews ★★★★★ Display reviews on your site that shoppers actually trust Shoppers don’t trust plain old reviews on your site anymore. Fera uses multiple techniques to change that. Focus on photo & video reviews Increase trust by featuring customer-submitted photos and videos at the top of your reviews or in a media gallery widget. Review widgets that put photos/videos at the top Built-in media gallery for reviews widget Moderate and manage photo/video submissions Show reviews from multiple sources Give shoppers the assurance that you’re loved across multiple platforms, not just on own site. Combine reviews from Facebook, Google, Etsy, etc. Import existing supplier reviews from CSV, Alibaba, etc. Link back to the original source of the review (if collected externally) Let us vouch that your reviews are real Eliminate doubt by letting us assure shoppers that reviewers who love your brand are sincere. Impactful reviewer verification Reviewer profiles Verified reviewer replies Darn easy to set up Fera effortlessly collects and showcases your photo, video, and text reviews, streamlining your process. Beautiful out-of-the-box Customers are less likely to trust things that don’t look good. Save time, without compromising your site’s design. Great-looking widgets with minimal effort Simply “no-code” widget installation Designs optimized for mobile UIs Try Demo Store Delightfully simple management interfaces Carefully-designed interfaces to make managing your reviews program easy and effective. Simple management interfaces to start Advanced options shown when you need them Preloaded recommended settings based on your brand Time-saving automation Get more social proof by automatically growing your reviews and let our A.I. save you time. Automatic email + SMS review requests Discounts and rewards for review submissions A.I. review moderation & review reply assistance Need a custom solution for your enterprise? We're happy to give you a personalized walk through with our CEO, Ryan. Request a Demo Customization and control when you need it Managing store reviews made easy. Fera helps you customize all things review management right in the palm of your hands. Max control over what appears on your site Keep your site looking perfect by controlling how content appears on your site as much as possible. Approve or decline review submissions Request review updates from unhappy customers Touch up images and texts as needed Powerful advanced features when needed Maximize social proof with advanced features that let you show, collect and display reviews better than ever before. Product grouping Multi-store syndication Modern developer APIs Customizable templates. Customer and product filters and much more... 45+ apps & integrations Streamline your workflow and enhance functionality by connecting to over 45 apps and integrations. Explore Our Integration Features Get started in minutes. 1 Install the app Choose the platform you are using, and complete a quick install 2 Add/import (if applicable) Add or import your existing reviews if you have any. 10+ 3 Customize as you go We make it easy for you to organize, manage, and show reviews beautifully Signup for Free Trial Trusted by top brands …and thousands more! This is a full-featured app that doesn't break our budget.
                                    I used the free version for 3 weeks just to... This is a full-featured app that doesn't break our budget.
                                    I used the free version for 3 weeks just to poke around a bit,
                                    then immediately upgraded. ★★★★★ Wonderfeel I used the app to ensure that I could get good social proofing but also reviews.
                                     I think it is really... I used the app to ensure that I could get good social proofing but also reviews.
                                     I think it is really good and the design and user experience is great as well.
                                     I always tell my clients to use Fera. I cannot wait to see more features. ★★★★★ Neon Sign Design Our website looks absolutely beautiful and it's SO functional because of this rating and reviews system.
                                    ... Our website looks absolutely beautiful and it's SO functional because of this rating and reviews system.
                                     I would HIGHLY recommend them due to their customer service.
                                     These guys and gals are BEYOND helpful! ★★★★★ Deep Waters Project Fast, intuitive, and powerful. I love it! Fera ticks all the boxes-
                                    it automates and promotes your best... Fast, intuitive, and powerful. I love it! Fera ticks all the boxes-
                                    it automates and promotes your best reviews without you having to do very much at all.
                                    Easy set up too. ★★★★★ Didi Seven Amazing app and brings me a lot of new customers because they can see my old and new reviews first on my page!!! Thank you Amazing app and brings me a lot of new customers because they can see my old and new reviews first on my page!!! Thank you ★★★★★ VivianTreasury App works well and is easy to integrate into my shop and get started. Would recommend for any store. Thanks. App works well and is easy to integrate into my shop and get started. Would recommend for any store. Thanks. ★★★★★ Dweebs and Dorks So far so good! I installed it yesterday and I have 100 reviews already.
                                    I chatted with the development... So far so good! I installed it yesterday and I have 100 reviews already.
                                    I chatted with the development team via the chat box on the app, and they responded very quickly.
                                    I hope more people catch onto it because I think it's great and affordable. Really easy to customize as well. ★★★★★ Glorp gum I love this app, I suggest it a lot to my clients to use on their sites. It works well and the support team are amazing. I love this app, I suggest it a lot to my clients to use on their sites. It works well and the support team are amazing. ★★★★★ Lash Theory I've searched around for the best review app, and FINALLY found it! It takes care of everything I need, and the price is extremely competitive! I've searched around for the best review app, and FINALLY found it! It takes care of everything I need, and the price is extremely competitive! ★★★★★ TailsNTrailsBakery What an amazing app. It has a great look and function. Customization is quick and simple. So much better than the other review apps I tried. What an amazing app. It has a great look and function. Customization is quick and simple. So much better than the other review apps I tried. ★★★★★ Escape Bath & Body The app has a great UI and is very straightforward to use. Integrates nicely with website and looking forward to integrating with other 3rd... The app has a great UI and is very straightforward to use. Integrates nicely with website and looking forward to integrating with other 3rd party apps once we onboard (eg: Klaviyo for marketing automation) ★★★★★ Esther & Albie I've had this app for about a year & it's great! If anything is ever amiss (which is rare) their customer service team fixes it right away.... I've had this app for about a year & it's great! If anything is ever amiss (which is rare) their customer service team fixes it right away. Highly recommend. ★★★★★ Sage Centauress Simple and functional review app. So far so good, can't complain. Shouldn't be asking for a review immediately but understandable Simple and functional review app. So far so good, can't complain. Shouldn't be asking for a review immediately but understandable ★★★★★ Marco p co This app allows my customers to come right to the app and leave a review! The post-order email link is AMAZING! This app allows my customers to come right to the app and leave a review! The post-order email link is AMAZING! ★★★★★ LexxiCo Customs. Just downloaded and it took no time to set it up and request the first reviews from customers. I love the fact that it already looks good and... Just downloaded and it took no time to set it up and request the first reviews from customers. I love the fact that it already looks good and does not require too much customization and re-designing. ★★★★★ Once Upon A Wine I saw the ad for Fera on Fb a while back. On a hunch I just downloaded it and integrated it with my store. Its the best decision ever as I... I saw the ad for Fera on Fb a while back. On a hunch I just downloaded it and integrated it with my store. Its the best decision ever as I have customer reviews directly on my website and it helps me get more sales. Its a must try for all businesses. ★★★★★ Herbal Edge Canada Easy set-up, great interface, best of all it manages all my reviews. We were recommended this app by our Digital Marketing Consultant. This is... Easy set-up, great interface, best of all it manages all my reviews. We were recommended this app by our Digital Marketing Consultant. This is a great time saver and it means I no longer have to manually create incentives to get my customers to do reviews on my site. ★★★★★ Yoko's Condiments OMG thank you so much this is such an amazing app for review in WIX! OMG thank you so much this is such an amazing app for review in WIX! ★★★★★ essentielle.me This is very practical and easy to use, even for the first half an hour. There are some Youtube videos that shows some steps for beginners.... This is very practical and easy to use, even for the first half an hour. There are some Youtube videos that shows some steps for beginners. Overall it seems very pro and user friendly. Looking forward to use more and implement in my website. ★★★★★ Sima's Embroidery Shop I saw the ad for Fera on Fb a while back. On a hunch I just downloaded it and integrated it with my store. Its the best decision ever as I... I saw the ad for Fera on Fb a while back. On a hunch I just downloaded it and integrated it with my store. Its the best decision ever as I have customer reviews directly on my website and it helps me get more sales. Its a must try for all businesses. ★★★★★ Herbal Edge Canada I installed many apps and they all seem very complicated and involved. This one is to the point and simple but has everything that is needed. I installed many apps and they all seem very complicated and involved. This one is to the point and simple but has everything that is needed. ★★★★★ Redefine Hardware It works perfectly. I couldn't live without it now. All automated. Set it up and forget about it. Except to approve reviews. It works perfectly. I couldn't live without it now. All automated. Set it up and forget about it. Except to approve reviews. ★★★★★ Bird And Bear Shop Read All Testimonials What our 40K+ happy merchants are saying Curious what Fera experience is like? Hear it directly from our users. Read All Testimonials Get started in minutes > 90% of shoppers see reviews before buying. Make sure what they see gets them to a Yes. Signup for Free Trial Try a Demo Store If you're still not sure, let's Start Live Chat with one of our all-star team members to answer all your questions. Discover Fera for enterprise Book a 1:1 demo call with our expert to get a more personalized solution for your business. Request a Demo help@fera.ai +1-888-516-1499 Start Live Chat About Fera Features Pricing Blog Partners Integrations Company About Us Become a Partner Privacy Policy Terms of Service Refund Policy Media Kit (Brand Guide) Review App Comparison Best Review App for Shopify Fera vs Loox Fera vs Judge.me Fera vs Stamped.io Fera vs Yotpo App Stores Shopify Wix BigCommerce Big Cartel Ecwid User Resources Login Customization Docs Developer Docs & API Company About Us Become a Partner Privacy Policy Terms of Service Refund Policy Media Kit (Brand Guide) Review App Comparison Best Review App for Shopify Fera vs Loox Fera vs Judge.me Fera vs Stamped.io Fera vs Yotpo Fera © 2017-2025. Made with in the USA & Canada. help@fera.ai +1-888-516-1499 Start Live Chat About Fera Features Pricing Blog Partners Integrations App Stores Shopify Wix BigCommerce Big Cartel Ecwid User Resources Login Customization Docs Developer Docs & API Company About Us Become a Partner Privacy Policy Terms of Service Refund Policy Media Kit (Brand Guide) Review App Comparison Best Review App for Shopify Fera vs Loox Fera vs Judge.me Fera vs Stamped.io Fera vs Yotpo Fera © 2017-2025. Made with in the USA & Canada. The password for Shopify demo store is demo