Home | FHFA Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. U.S. FEDERAL HOUSING Search site content. Search About About FHFA Mission & Core Values Leadership Conservatorship FHFA Policies Budget, Finances, and Performance FOIA & Privacy Information Quality Do Business with Us Ombudsman Equal Employment Opportunity Careers Contact Us Supervision & Regulation Advisory Bulletins Dodd-Frank Act Stress Tests (DFAST) ​Examiner Resources Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac Federal Home Loan Bank System Legal Documents & Suspensions LIBOR Transition Rulemaking and Federal Register Suspended Counterparty Program Policy & Programs Policy Affordable Housing Allocations Common Securitization Platform Credit Risk Transfer Credit Scores Deemed-Issuance Ratio Executive Compensation Guarantee Fees Language Access Mortgage Servicing Multifamily Businesses Non-Performing and Re-Performing Loan Sales Pilot Transparency Private Mortgage Insurer Eligibility Requirements Representation and Warranty Framework Programs Affordable Housing & Community Investment Duty to Serve Enterprise Housing Goals Financial Technology Fraud Prevention Housing Finance Examiner Commission Program Loss Mitigation National Mortgage Database Natural Disaster Risk Neighborhood Stabilization Initiative Suspended Counterparty Program Data & Research Data Borrower Assistance Map Conforming Loan Limit Dashboards Data Governance Duty to Serve Eligibility Data Duty to Serve Performance Data ​Enterprise Housing Goals ​Fair Lending Data FHFA House Price Index® FHLB Membership Data NMDB® Aggregate Statistics NSMO Public Use File Public Use Databases FHLB Stress Tests Market Data Market Risk Scenarios MIRS Transition Index UAD Appraisal-Level Public Use File UAD Aggregate Statistics Underserved Areas Data Research Briefs, Notes & White Papers NMDB Staff Working Papers Staff Working Papers Resources Reports All Reports Annual Housing Report Annual Report to Congress Chief FOIA Officer Report Collateral Pledged to FHLBanks Conservatorship Scorecard Credit Risk Transfer Progress Report Enterprise Non-Performing Loan Sales Report FAIR Act Inventory FHFA AI Compliance Plan FHFA Annual Performance Plan FHFA House Price Index® FHFA Performance and Accountability Report FHLBank System at 100 FHLBank Targeted Mission Activities FOIA Annual Report Foreclosure Prevention, Refinance, and FPM Report Housing Mission Report Information Resources Management Strategic Plan No FEAR Report Plain Language Report Prepayment Monitoring Report Single-Family Guarantee Fees Report Stress Tests Reports Mortgage Translations About Mortgage Translations Borrower Education Materials COVID-19 Resources Interpretive Services Language Translation Disclosure Search Documents News Public Affairs News Releases Statements Speeches Testimonies Public Input Blogs Fact Sheets FAQs Partner Agency Engagements Public Engagements Videos Social Media Facebook LinkedIn YouTube X (formerly Twitter) Menu Helping Restore the American Dream for ALL Americans About FHFA The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) is an independent agency established by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (HERA) and is responsible for the effective supervision, regulation, and housing mission oversight of the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) , and the Federal Home Loan Bank System , which includes the 11 Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks) and the Office of Finance (OF). The Agency's mission is to ensure that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (the Enterprises) and the FHLBanks (together, "the regulated entities") fulfill their mission by operating in a safe and sound manner to serve as a reliable source of liquidity and funding for housing finance and community investment. Since 2008, FHFA has also served as conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Read More Latest News News Release December 30, 2025 U.S. house prices rose 0.4 percent in October, according to the U.S. Federal Housing (FHFA) seasonally adjusted monthly House Price Index (FHFA HPI®). House prices rose 1.7 percent from October 2024 to October 2025. The previously reported 0.0 percent price change in September was revised downward to a 0.1 percent decline. Read More News Release December 23, 2025 Today U.S. Federal Housing issued a final rule that establishes new, better affordable housing goals for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Thanks to this fix, Fannie and Freddie will continue to fully support mortgages for families from every walk of life. Read More News Release December 10, 2025 President Trump is delivering for the American people: mortgage applications have risen to a three-year high as families return to the housing market, and spreads between mortgages and Treasuries continue to compress, improving mortgage rates and demonstrating the faith that the market has in this administration’s leadership. Read More View More Spotlight Topic ​Suspended Counterparty FHFA established the Suspended Counterparty Program to help address the risk to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Home Loan Banks presented by individuals and entities with a history of fraud or other financial misconduct. View ​Suspended Counterparty Program List FHFA House Price Index ® The FHFA House Price Index ® (FHFA HPI ® ) is a comprehensive​ collection of publicly available house price indexes that measure changes in single-family home values based on data from all 50 states and over 400 American cities. View the latest report Housing Market Indicators MIRS Transition Index MIRS Transition Index Release Dates Index Values December 2025 6.29 November 2025 6.34 October 2025 6.57 MIRS transition index is intended to be used in lieu of the discontinued MIRS ARM Index for currently outstanding loans, and not as a reference rate on newly-originated adjustable-rate mortgages.  For further information, click here . House Prices FHFA HPI-Source Quarterly Change 2025Q2-2025Q3 Four Quarter Change 2024Q3-2025Q3 "Purchase-Only" U.S. Index (Seasonally Adjusted) 0.2% 2.2% "Expanded-Data" U.S. Index (Seasonally Adjusted) 0.3% 3.3% Sign up for email updates Leave this field blank U.S. FEDERAL HOUSING Footer Highlighted About Careers Sitemap Contact Us Footer Accessibility Budget, Finances, and Performance​ FOIA No FEAR Act Data Office of the Inspector General Privacy Policy USA.gov