Skip to main content
	
		
 
Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Visit
Give
Directory
News
About
Academics
Admissions
Athletics
International
Online
Apply
Fort Hays
State University
The Best Value in Higher Education – Anywhere

From the high plains of north-central Kansas, FHSU oﬀers exceptional, proven academic quality at a price you won’t ﬁnd anywhere else. We know your journey to success begins with accessibility—so we give you an education that empowers your future without the burden of high tuition. That’s a promise no one else can match, and that makes FHSU the best value in higher education anywhere.

Explore Our Programs

The value of an FHSU education goes beyond cost. It comes to life through the quality of our academics. With hundreds of award-winning programs, degrees and certiﬁcates to choose from, we equip you to achieve excellence in any future you can imagine.

Explore All Programs
FHSU Online – Technology-rich Learning Options for Busy Adults

FHSU has led the way in online education for decades. With more than 200 degree and certiﬁcate programs, founded on cutting-edge online learning experiences and extensive student support resources, you can live a real life while reaching your career and educational goals. Ready to come back to school? Get a free transcript evaluation to help you get started on the right track.

Explore Our Online Programs Transcript Evaluation
An Affordable Investment in Your Future

We believe in unlocking the untapped potential of students from anywhere by oﬀering a powerful education at a price that will never set you back. Go ahead and compare tuition. We’re proud to say that the cost to attend FHSU is more than 50% less than the national average for nearly every student.

See How Affordable We Are
Extensive Career Planning Support

More than 95% of our graduates quickly land jobs or go on to further educational opportunities. Starting on your ﬁrst day, the FHSU Career Development team will set you on the same path, creating a four-year career plan that prepares you for immediate success when you graduate.

Find Your Calling Career Development
Our Location

Located halfway between Kansas City and Denver, Fort Hays is a hub of education, innovation, health care, professional services, culture, and recreation for the western half of Kansas. Take a closer look at the liveliest, most vibrant campus community on the high plains.

Visit Campus Virtual Tour
Discover All FHSU Offers
Student Life

Your leadership, service and fellowship experiences at FHSU will transform your mindset and prepare you to thrive after college.

Explore Student Life
Athletics

With 16 Division II programs—boasting eight national championships—FHSU Tigers outpace the competition with one of the most extensive programs of any comparably sized university in America.

Explore Athletics
Military-Connected Students Services

It’s easy to join the Tiger family, no matter where you’re coming from. We have the staﬀ, resources and process to work with your unique needs as you take the next step on your educational journey.

Explore Military Support
A Welcoming Community

At Fort Hays State, we take pride in our vibrant and welcoming campus, where students from all walks of life come together to learn, grow, and succeed. Here, you’ll find a supportive environment that values different perspectives and prepares you for a connected world.

Explore Our Community
Admissions and Financial Aid

If you are ready to join Tiger Nation, the next step happens right here. Wherever you are in your decision-making process, we are ready to assist.

Start Your Journey
Upcoming Events
Jan 06
CJ Club Meeting
Learn More
Jan 12
Nurses Christian Fellowship Monthly Meeting
Learn More
Jan 13
CJ Club Meeting
Learn More
Jan 14
Spring PDD
Learn More
University Calendar
#UatFHSU
About
Academics
Admissions
Athletics
Student Life
Online
Careers
Apply
Request Info
Visit
Give
Help & Concerns
Accessibility
Ideas to Improve
Freedom of Expression
600 Park Street
Hays, KS 67601-4099
785-628-FHSU (3478)

© 2025 Fort Hays State University. All rights reserved.