Home | The Franklin Institute Skip to main content Menu The Franklin Institute Secondary navigation Membership Group Visits Plan an Event Support Shop Buy Tickets Buy Tickets search Visit Tickets Plan Your Visit Accessibility Frequently Asked Questions Daily Schedule Museum Map Getting Here Where to Eat & Stay Exhibits & Experiences All Exhibits & Experiences Wondrous Space Body Odyssey Hamilton Collections Gallery Universal Theme Parks: The Exhibition Upcoming Events Events Calendar Science & Education Staff Scientists Collection Highlights Benjamin Franklin Resources Scientific Journals of The Franklin Institute Professional Development The Current: Blog The Franklin Institute Awards About Awards Ceremony & Dinner Sponsorship The Class of 2025 Call for Nominations Case Files Committee on Science & The Arts Exhibit Resources for Educators Next Generation Science Standards Title I Schools Neuroscience & Society Curriculum Youth and Community Programs PACTS STEM Scholars GSK Science in the Summer™ Children's Vaccine Education Program Franklin @ Home Podcast & Videos The Curious Cosmos with Derrick Pitts Podcast So Curious! Podcast A Practical Guide to the Cosmos Archives & Oddities Ingenious: The Evolution of Innovation The Road to 2050 Science Stories Spark of Science That's B.S. (Bad Science) Home Tickets on Sale! Universal Theme Parks: The Exhibition The world premiere exhibition ignites imaginations with an inside look at the world-building behind Universal's legendary creations. Learn More Image Join, Renew or Gift! Become A Member! Join us for an exciting new era of science education, with free museum admission and exclusive perks to inspire discovery and exploration. Learn More Image Congratulations, Laureates! Congratulations to The Franklin Institute Awards Class of 2026! Join us in celebrating our newest laureates for their remarkable achievements during The Franklin Institute Awards Week this spring. Learn More Image Newest Exhibit! Body Odyssey Embark on an immersive journey through the intricacies of the human body, exploring how its inner workings interact with the world around us to achieve balance in life and well-being. Learn More Image Universal Theme Parks: The Exhibition Opening early 2026, the world premiere exhibition ignites your imagination with an inside look at the world-building behind Universal's legendary creations—from The World-Famous Studio Tour to the launch of Universal Epic Universe. Buy Tickets Ben's Birthday Bash! Join us in celebration of Philadelphia’s favorite founding father and our very own namesake on his 320th birthday. This lively birthday bash is packed with hands-on fun, games, and music, plus a few surprises! Learn More Ultimate Thrills Getaway You could win a Universal Theme Park vacation in Orlando! You and 3 guests could be on your way to experience Universal Orlando Resort’s four amazing theme parks, including the new Universal Epic Universe, now open. Learn More Plan Your Visit Admission to The Franklin Institute includes access to three floors of hands-on science exhibits and experiences . 222 North 20th Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103 Open Daily, 9:30 am - 5:00 pm Increased Group Visits on Weekdays: Please note that there is a higher volume of group visits on weekdays before 2:00 PM. For a more relaxed experience, we recommend planning your visit after 2:00 PM on weekdays. Plan Your Visit Daily Schedule Museum Map Exhibits & Experiences Image Wondrous Space Journey through the cosmos as you explore this immersive, multisensory, two-story exhibit designed to inspire an excitement for space science. Image Body Odyssey Curiosity meets discovery in a new exhibit surrounding the iconic Giant Heart. A journey through the human body in a quest to achieve balance in life and well-being. Image Hamilton Collections Gallery Surrounding the Baldwin 60000, guests will discover a treasure trove of rare artifacts meticulously curated from The Franklin Institute's collections. Image Your Brain Think about how you think when you explore Your Brain. What is the brain? How does it work? Image SportsZone Hit the turf and experience how sports connect the science of the human body, laws of motion, and technical innovation. View All The Franklin Institute Awards The Franklin Institute congratulates The Franklin Institute Awards Class of 2026! Please join us in celebrating our newest laureates for their remarkable achievements. About Awards Ceremony & Dinner The Franklin Institute's Approach Science Education We help people understand science and technology in ways that empower them to make decisions about critical issues that affect their lives. We also participate in and advocate for the free exchange of evidence-based, peer-reviewed scientific research and ideas. Explore More Video & Podcast Series Now Streaming Explore the world of science - from your home - with The Franklin Institute's podcasts and videos! Dive into fascinating topics ranging from cutting-edge technology to the mysteries of the cosmos, all presented by expert scientists and educators. Tune in to spark your curiosity and inspire a lifelong love of science! Stream Now Footer Events Plan an Event Get a Quote Members & Donors Become a Member Donate Science & Education Podcasts & Videos Franklin @ Home Blog The Museum About Us Press Room Join Our Team Visit Us Buy Tickets Reserve Member Tickets Sign up and subscribe to our newsletter today! Sign Up Top Contact us Call or email us at: 215.448.1200 guestservices@fi.edu Address: 222 N 20th Street Philadelphia, PA 19103 On-Site Parking Garage: The Franklin Institute 271 North 21st Street Philadelphia, PA 19103 Museum Policies • Culture and Values • Accessibility The Franklin Institute is a 501(C)(3) nonprofit registered in the U.S. under EIN: 23-1370501. © The Franklin Institute 2025. Buy Tickets Visit Tickets Plan Your Visit Accessibility Frequently Asked Questions Daily Schedule Museum Map Getting Here Where to Eat & Stay Exhibits & Experiences All Exhibits & Experiences Wondrous Space Body Odyssey Hamilton Collections Gallery Universal Theme Parks: The Exhibition Upcoming Events Events Calendar Science & Education Staff Scientists Collection Highlights Benjamin Franklin Resources Scientific Journals of The Franklin Institute Professional Development The Current: Blog The Franklin Institute Awards About Awards Ceremony & Dinner Sponsorship The Class of 2025 Call for Nominations Case Files Committee on Science & The Arts Exhibit Resources for Educators Next Generation Science Standards Title I Schools Neuroscience & Society Curriculum Youth and Community Programs PACTS STEM Scholars GSK Science in the Summer™ Children's Vaccine Education Program Franklin @ Home Podcast & Videos The Curious Cosmos with Derrick Pitts Podcast So Curious! Podcast A Practical Guide to the Cosmos Archives & Oddities Ingenious: The Evolution of Innovation The Road to 2050 Science Stories Spark of Science That's B.S. (Bad Science) Membership Group Visits Plan an Event Support Shop