Fiat - Official Website New Topolino Vilebrequin Collector’s Edition Get ready to spend the summer with Riviera Icons! Fiat key drivers Seeing you driving our vehicle every day is a great joy for us. But our main objective is, first and foremost, to provide you with a unique, comfortable, fun and safe driving experience. ​ Discover our news Stay up to date with the latest news from Fiat. Discover all the latest on upcoming models, innovations and the stories that drive us. Discover More The new Fiat 500 Hybrid The Fiat 500 Hybrid celebrates its deep connection to Mirafiori, where passion, heritage, and innovation come together with the launch of the iconic model reinterpreted with a refreshed design, enhanced comfort, and smarter technology. Read article Fiat Grande Panda named “Auto Europa 2026” Fiat Grande Panda has been awarded the title of “Auto Europa 2026”, the prize presented by the Italian Union of Automotive Journalists (UIGA), which for 40 years has celebrated innovation, design, and quality. Read article The 2026 Model Year renewal of the Panda family FIAT renews the Panda family with several novelties across the range to complete the offering for all customers. Read article Fiat Grande Panda wins the “Red Dot Award” 2025 Fiat Grande Panda wins the prestigious Red Dot Award 2025 in the “Product Design” category, celebrating its distinctive and innovative interior and exterior design. Read article A New Chapter Begins at Mirafiori with the Fiat 500 Hybrid:5,000 Units Planned by 2025 Production of the new Fiat 500 Hybrid will officially begin this November at the Mirafiori Carrozzerie plant, with 5,000 units targeted by year-end. Read article Releases & events Stay up to date with the latest global Fiat events and campaigns. Explore all our latest videos and discover more of the FIAT world. Grande Panda. Life is Pandastic Shaggy’s Bombastic is 30, and we couldn’t think of a better way to mark the occasion than with the Fiat Grande Panda — it turns everything it touches into something extraordinary. FIAT | Grande Panda - Everyday life, easier. Happiness is holding hands and going far: with Grande Panda, it takes shape in a thousand different ways.​ The iconic member of the FIAT family inspired by our legacy offers a reinvented charging cable, pixel LED headlamps, a brand new bamboo-styled dashboard and upcycled materials in the interiors.​ Available in full electric with 320 km range or hybrid to double the fun!​ 500e Giorgio Armani Collectors Edition Two absolute icons - Giorgio Armani and 500e - come together to create an istant classic Happy birthday 500! Italian design recognised the world over, for 67 years. Italy is our engine Love is the driving force behind everything, and love for Italy is the driving force for our CEO Olivier Francois, who takes us to Mirafiori, in the heart of Fiat, underlining the importance of returning to the origins. ​ Together with the already award-winning 500 in the electric version, the hybrid version will also arrive with a new feature: the name. It will be called 500i: hybrid... Italian style.​ No more grey Italy is the land of colors and we love. Say goodbye to the grey and hello to the new colors of Fiat! Happy birthday, Fiat 500! Join the celebration and treat yourself to a smile: download the Fiat 500 birthday poster! Download the poster Visit Casa Fiat Come and visit our Casa Fiat, either in person in Turin or virtually. In it you'll discover how the Fiat 500 became a pop icon over the years and why its return in 2007 was loved by so many. Discover more (FIAT) RED Family For us, (RED) is more than just a striking color. It’s a bold statement of style, solidarity, and support. Together, (RED) and Fiat stand for a partnership committed to fighting global health emergencies.​ When you choose (RED) as the color of your new Fiat, the car comes with a unique badge to identify it — a symbol that reflects not only your choice, but the authentic recognition of what makes us special. Because this is more than just driving, it’s driving with purpose.​ Go to the (RED) page Italian symbol Since its foundation, Fiat has brought the Italian touch and the dolce vita style to people's life. This was reflected in all its models, but one stood out more than the others, the 500. Known for its simplicity and its unique style, the 500 won the hearts of everyone around the world - becoming, over the years, a symbol of Italianity. Fiat Nuova 500 (1957) Italianness symbol Fiat icon and Italian symbol throughout the world, the 500 was born in 1957, immediately succeeding for combining elegant and simple design with functionality. The model still attracts a lot of attention today, and is available in its electric version Fiat Nuova 500 (1957) The engine and its name If you didn't know, the model's name comes from its air-cooled twin-cylinder engine positioned at the rear. Unprecedented for the time and with a of 13 horsepower, the engine's initial displacement was 479 cc - 500 cc nominal, giving rise to the name of this small Italian icon. Fiat 500 (2007) The Renaissance After years without being produced, the 500 returns with reinforced elegance and style in 2007. To celebrate the 50° anniversary of its most iconic model, Fiat created a more modern version of the 500, maintaining the flair of its original look, but bringing modern touches to reflect 21st century modernity. Fiat New 500 (2020) A history and growth that never stops! Fiat has become known worldwide for knowing how to interpret and createinnovative and stylish solutions for people. In 2020 Fiat launched the 500 Hybrid,taking big steps into the future - and getting there in 2022, with the launch of theNew 500e, a 100% electric upgraded version of the model. You don't need to set foot in Italy to experience dolce vita. Just get into a Fiat! Italiannes around the world Explore more about the Fiat world and see why for decades we have been spreading our italianness and providing smiles of happiness and achievement. Get ready to enter the Fiat world Discover our new models, the wide range of colors, all the promotions and much more! Choose your country and drive into the Fiat world! Choose your country