Applied Intelligence – Powering Your Customer Connections | FICO Skip to main content Main navigation Check your FICO® Score Contact us Platform chevron_right chevron_left Platform Data Capabilities Insight Capabilities Action Capabilities Outcome Capabilities Core Data Connection & Ingestion Seamlessly connect to and bring in data from any source — when and where it’s needed. High-Performance Dataflow Put data in motion with real-time, batch, and streaming to power world class decisions. Operational Data Transparency Enable pervasive access to in-the-moment, historical, and derived data with end-to-end lineage and traceability. Always-On Features & Profiling Enrich, manage, share data features, and build real-time customer understanding with transactional profiling. Applied Analytics & ML Deploy fully interpretable, real-time analytics and ML and leverage the very best AI models in the market today. Enterprise Optimization Unleash the power of mathematical optimization — find solutions to your most complex business problems using high-performance solvers that maximize your desired outcomes. Business Composability Expertly compose business services that choreograph complex workflows to deliver results at scale. Intelligent Decisions Model decisions with open standards, automate with business rules, and support human-in-the-loop AI. Omni-Channel Engagement Deliver on the promise of hyper-personalized experiences by seamlessly interacting with customers and employees on the channels they prefer. Continuous Feedback Drive data-driven decisions with comprehensive, real-time insights into business, system, and model performance. Digital Twins & Simulation Unlock a distinct competitive advantage with an enterprise scenario management ecosystem. Outcome Augmentation Elevate the power of AI to your C-suite and create radical business transformation — with confidence. Data Capabilities expand_more Data Connection & Ingestion Seamlessly connect to and bring in data from any source — when and where it’s needed. High-Performance Dataflow Put data in motion with real-time, batch, and streaming to power world class decisions. Operational Data Transparency Enable pervasive access to in-the-moment, historical, and derived data with end-to-end lineage and traceability. Insight Capabilities expand_more Always-On Features & Profiling Enrich, manage, share data features, and build real-time customer understanding with transactional profiling. Applied Analytics & ML Deploy fully interpretable, real-time analytics and ML and leverage the very best AI models in the market today. Enterprise Optimization Unleash the power of mathematical optimization — find solutions to your most complex business problems using high-performance solvers that maximize your desired outcomes. Action Capabilities expand_more Business Composability Expertly compose business services that choreograph complex workflows to deliver results at scale. Intelligent Decisions Model decisions with open standards, automate with business rules, and support human-in-the-loop AI. Omni-Channel Engagement Deliver on the promise of hyper-personalized experiences by seamlessly interacting with customers and employees on the channels they prefer. Outcome Capabilities expand_more Continuous Feedback Drive data-driven decisions with comprehensive, real-time insights into business, system, and model performance. Digital Twins & Simulation Unlock a distinct competitive advantage with an enterprise scenario management ecosystem. Outcome Augmentation Elevate the power of AI to your C-suite and create radical business transformation — with confidence. Core Marketplace Customer Lifecycle chevron_right chevron_left Customer Lifecycle Attract & Engage Onboard & Originate Nurture & Manage Protect & Comply Contact & Communicate Scoring Solutions Solutions chevron_right chevron_left Solutions Application Fraud Application Risk Models Card Fraud Collections & Recovery Consortium Scores for Account Management Consumer Credit Scores Customer Acquisition Customer Communications for Collections Customer Communications for Customer Management Customer Communications for Enterprise Customer Communications for Fraud Customer Management Deposits Driving Risk Scores Enterprise Fraud Innovations Financial Inclusion and Growth Health Care Scores Insurance Scores Next Best Offer or Experience Next Best Sale or Experience Offer Personalization Onboarding Originations Prequalification Prescreen Pricing Optimization SME Lending Scams Protection Small Business Credit Scores Underwriting Products chevron_right chevron_left Products Customer Lifecycle Products FICO® Blaze Advisor® FICO® Business Outcome Simulator FICO® Card Alert Service FICO® Customer Analytics FICO® Customer Communication Services FICO® Falcon® Compromise Manager FICO® Falcon® Fraud Manager FICO® Focused Foundation Model for Financial Services FICO® Forecaster FICO® Global Business Consulting FICO® Small Business Scoring Service℠ FICO® TRIAD® Customer Manager FICO® Xpress Scoring Products FICO® Member Score FICO® Resilience Index FICO® Safe Driving Score FICO® Score Open Access FICO® Score X Data FICO® Score XD FICO® Score for International Markets FICO® Score UltraFICO® Score Industries chevron_right chevron_left Industries Banking Collection Agencies Energy and Utilities Government Healthcare Insurance Manufacturing Retail and E-commerce Telecommunications, Media and Entertainment Transportation Learn chevron_right chevron_left Learn Awards & Recognition Blog Community Customer Advocacy Customer Stories Events and Webinars Glossary Newsroom Product Training Resource Center Why FICO EN EN BR ES DE search close Check your FICO® Score Contact us Just announced: FICO® Focused Foundation Model for Financial Services Learn more FICO for Consumers FICO for Business Your FICO® Score, from FICO 90% of top lenders use FICO® Scores—do you know yours? Check your FICO® Score Applied Intelligence – Powering Your Customer Connections With FICO® Platform, use the power of analytics to see your customers more clearly and create hyper-personalized customer experiences. Get started close FICO and Xactus Announce Multi-Year Partnership to Deliver FICO Mortgage Direct License Program New agreement enables the direct delivery of FICO® Scores, streamlining credit score access and enhancing transparency for mortgage lenders. Learn more FICO Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™ AI Decisioning Platforms, Q2 2025 Report Learn more FICO® Score 10T Decisively Beats VantageScore 4.0 on Predictability New analysis proves FICO® Score 10T’s superior performance for homebuyers, mortgage lenders and investors. Learn more What our customers say FICO works in some of the most dynamic industries around the world including financial services, auto lending, insurance, telecommunications, and others, to solve a wide variety of complex challenges. “A key ingredient of a successful digital bank is being agile and responsive to customer expectations while managing emerging concerns and delivering superior experience. FICO Platform helps us to deliver that edge. We can pivot on policy and swivel on strategy rapidly and easily using the platform.” Lalit Lohia CRO, Trust Bank Learn more “FICO has been transformational for Mercury... We realized underwriting efficiency is an acute challenge…. You need to move faster. But it’s too expensive and it’s too slow if you’re only relying on your own resources.” Kevin Bailey VP of Innovation, Mercury Insurance Learn more “We were seeking a tool with predictive analytic qualities powered by AI that would accelerate and increase approvals, while qualifying consumers better …, FICO had the strongest offering that filled the need.” Sebastián Valera Risk Transformation Manager, Mibanco Learn more “There were very few people who thought we could meet the deadline on this project. It was so big, and there was a tremendous time crunch factor. But FICO delivered the platform ahead of schedule and under budget. FICO greatly impressed us all.” Jim Lerdal EVP of Operations, PULSE Learn more “It was very important to us to democratize fraud protection and provide best-in-class solutions to financial institutions that had historically found such security unaffordable.” Armando Junior Risk Director, Dock Learn more “Movement Mortgage is proud to be one of the first mortgage lenders to adopt the newest credit model, as part of our mission to empower more future customers.” Jason Stenger COO, Movement Mortgage Learn more “By proactively issuing mortgage-backed securities exclusively based on FICO® Score 10T, we’re helping to empower investors to make smarter decisions.” Jennifer Stracensky COO, CrossCountry Mortgage Learn more "We use the FICO® Score because it’s the industry standard—tested over time and understood by our board, executives, investors, and teams. It’s central to how we manage risk and performance.” Elizabeth Billyard Head of North American Retail Credit and Chief Risk Officer Learn more Problems solved FICO® Platform is the only solution that can solve challenges across the entire customer lifecycle with an open architecture and an integrated set of capabilities to deliver game-changing customer experiences with real-time decisions, at scale bringing together data, analytics, machine learning & AI and human expertise. Attract & Engage Stand out from the crowd with acquisition tailored to the needs of every prospective customer. Learn more Onboard & Originate Offer a seamless onboarding experience that starts your customer relationship off on the right foot. Learn more Nurture & Manage Experience is the differentiator in today’s world – consumers want to be wowed. Eclipse expectations and inspire customer loyalty by making smarter decisions with advanced analytics. Learn more Protect & Comply Take a unified approach to fraud management and financial crime compliance. Learn more Contact & Communicate Create the experience customers yearn for with seamless omni-channel communications across the customer lifecycle. Learn more Scoring Solutions Making access to credit objective and inclusive while protecting the financial stability of lenders. Learn more What's new From the latest in scams to ChatGPT to hyper-personalization to consumer credit scores, you can trust FICO to keep ahead of the trends. Bank Primacy: Survey Reveals Secrets to Customer Loyalty Learn more Next Best Action in Retail Banking Learn more Next-Generation Enterprise Fraud Management Learn more White Paper: Evolving Fraud Management Strategies in the Digital Era Learn more The Evolution of Payments Fraud: Challenges and Opportunities Learn more The Evolution of Payments Fraud: Challenges and Opportunities Learn more Beyond Point Solutions: Orchestrating the Future of Fraud Prevention Learn more Omni-Channel Engagement Capability for Fraud Learn more Hot Topic Q&A – Tackling Card Fraud in an Era of New Technology Learn more Telco Case Study: Customer-Centric Decision Transformation Learn more Telcos: Responding to Rising Churn and Delinquencies Learn more The Power of Omnichannel Communications for Insurers Learn more Customer 360: Driving Growth and Retention Across the Insurance Lifecycle Learn more FICO Platform for Automotive Finance Learn more Drive Business Growth and Customer Satisfaction in the Auto Lending Industry with Innovative Analytic Insights Learn more State of Responsible AI in Financial Services Learn more Trust Bank Learn more Reinventing Telco Onboarding Through Advanced Analytics Learn more Five keys to outpricing the competition Learn more Case Study: Streamlining Customer Decision Strategy in Insurance Learn more How Digital Twins & Simulation Improve Credit Line Management Learn more How Scotiabank Uses FICO® Platform to Transform Credit with Speed and Inclusion Learn more 2025 State of Responsible AI in Financial Services: Unlocking Business Value at Scale Learn more FICO Unveils Groundbreaking Credit Scores That Incorporate Buy Now, Pay Later Data Learn more FICO® Score Credit Insights, Fall 2025 Edition Learn more AI Decisioning Platforms: The Power of Disruptive Innovation Learn more Why AI Needs a Platform to Deliver ROI Learn more chevron_left play_arrow pause chevron_right Take the next step Connect with FICO for answers to all your product and solution questions. Interested in becoming a business partner? Contact us to learn more. We look forward to hearing from you. Contact us Footer EN EN BR ES DE Platform Data Insights Actions Outcomes Core Industries Banking Collection Agencies Energy & Utilities Government Healthcare Insurance Manufacturing Retail & E-Commerce Telecommunications, Media and Entertainment Transportation Company About Us Accessibility Careers Contact Us Corporate Responsibility Investors Legal Partners Privacy Policy Subprocessors Support Trust Center Learn Awards & Recognition Blog Community Customer Advocacy Customer Stories Events and Webinars Glossary Newsroom Product Training Resource Center Why FICO Social Facebook Instagram LinkedIn TikTok X YouTube © FICO 2025. All Rights Reserved. | Sitemap Check your FICO® Score Contact us