We use cookies

We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from. Privacy Policy

I agreeChange my preferences
Apps
Features
Customize
MFT Features
Security
Industries
Plans
Log In
Sign Up
Share Up To 5 GB Free
Send Large Files Of Any Size

Use Filemail To Send Large Files Online Using Email Or A Secure Sharable Link

Send your files & folders here
Click or Drag & Drop
Elevate Your File Sharing Experience
Get More With A Filemail Subscription

Filemail is an easy-to-use, efficient, and secure file transfer service you can use to send large files of any size. We cater to a wide range of businesses who need an efficient file sharing solution. 

From the professional who needs to send and receive large files and folders, to businesses who need a multi-user multi-admin account. For Enterprises, we offer our Managed File Transfer service for advanced cloud-security, compliance, and access control.

Share Big Files Of Any Size

Many of our competitors simply cannot accommodate excessively large files. Use Filemail to send and receive large files of any size, of any file type, to anyone. No file is too large for us.

Compare Our Plans In Detail
All Our Plans Come With A 7-Day Trial!
Price Plan Comparison
Increase Productivity & Collaboration
Easily Send Large Files

Easily send large files with Filemail, such as videos, images, and documents. You can even send raw files, software-specific formats, and obscure file types. The recipient can download and access the files hassle-free, with no need to register or install anything.

Send Large Files Via Email

To send files by email, submit your email address, the recipient's email, and an optional subject and message. Next, attach the files you want to send. We will upload the files to our secure cloud storage and send an email to the recipients with a trackable download link for the files.

Secure Shareable link

Upload files to our cloud, and we'll give you a secure link you use to download the files. You can easily share this link through email, messaging apps, or post it on websites and social media. Recipients can download the files without the need to register.

Make It Easier For People To Work With You
Receive Large Files From Anyone

With Filemail you can easily receive large files from your clients and customers. They can transfer files to you without needing to register or install anything. We offer 3 ways for you to receive large files.

Custom Sub-Domain

All paid accounts get a custom subdomain they can name however they please. You can customize various aspects of the subdomain, including colors, background image, and logo.

File Upload Form Integration

Easily receive large files directly on your website with just one line of HTML. Customize the file upload form to fit your brand and add additional fields.

File Request

Use our file request feature to privately ask someone to transfer large files to you. You can collect any type of files, and use custom forms to obtain the information you need from the sender.

Send Large Files Free
Start Sharing Files With A 7 Day Free Trial!
Check Out Our Plans
Receive & Send Files From Any Device & Platform
Secure File Sharing Apps & Plugins

We offer native apps for all the major platforms. They enable you to send large files for free, with a maximum limit of 5 GB per transfer.

Desktop

Our applications for Windows, Mac, and Linux have the capability to automatically download files and resume interrupted transfers. They can also utilize all your bandwidth to give you blistering fast transfer speeds via UDP transfer acceleration.

Mobile

We provide dedicated applications for iPhone, iPad, and Android devices. Featuring tight integration with the operating systems, and no ads when using it for free.

Outlook

Our Microsoft Outlook plugin enables you to send large files without leaving Outlook. Just attach your files as you normally would, and we'll take care of the rest.

Website

If for whatever reason, you don't want to install an app to send and receive files, you don't have to. You can share large files directly from our website.

Hassle-Free File Transfer
Key Features With Our Paid Plans
Unlimited Sharing

Companies often hide restrictions in the small text. We have no such restrictions on file size, nor number of files you can share. With our Enteprise plan, you have unlimited downloads, recipients, and bandwidth usage as well.

File Preview

Filemail shows previews for many types of files, including images, documents, and less common ones.

More Must-Have Features

Monitor file-sharing activity, receive instant updates, increase storage space as needed, and much more.

Sharing Files Since 2008
Notable Milestones
15
datacenters across the world
50+
million users
100,000 TB
transferred annually
3,500,000,000
files sent and counting
Customers Using Filemail To Send Large Files
For Individuals, Teams, Businesses, and Enterprises
Send & Share More Files With A Paid Account

 

Pay MonthlyPay Yearly16% Discount!
Personal
$4 / month
$5 / month
Individual
Try Free For 7 Days
Max. transfer size 5 GB
Files available for 30 days
Storage capacity 250 GB
Unlimited transfers
Resume interrupted transfers
Full file activity tracking
Full file management
Address book
Encrypted data transfer (HTTPS)
Antivirus protection
Pro
$10 / month
$12 / month
Individual
Try Free For 7 Days
Everything In Personal
Max. transfer size 250 GB
Files available for 30 days
Included initial storage 1 TB
Bandwidth Unlimited
Dedicated high-speed servers
Receive files
File request
Automated file download
Custom subdomain
Branding & customization
Password protection
Support
Business
$15 / month
$18 / month
Multi-User Multi-Admin
Try Free For 7 Days
Everything In Pro
Max transfer size Any Size
Files availability Permanent
Included initial storage 1 TB per user
Purchase more storage
UDP file transfer acceleration
Upload form on your website
Choose data storage location
End-to-end encryption
Encryption at rest
2FA
SAML/SSO
Audit logs
Priority support
Enterprise MFT
Custom
Custom
Managed File Transfer
Contact Us
Everything In Business
Max Transfer Size Any Size
Files availability Configurable
Included initial storage Custom
GDPR, ISO27001, NSM, HIPAA, SOX, FINRA, FISMA, GLBA, Cyber Essentials UK
Data Processing Agreement (DPA) on request
Multiple incoming pages
Access to penetration test results
Backup of permanently stored files
Premium support
FAQ
Customers Ask, We Answer
What is Filemail?

Filemail is a cloud-based secure file transfer solution for sending and sharing large files via email or a secure sharable link. You can trasfer up to 5 GB free without registration. Recipients can download shared files easily, with no restrictions.  We offer a range of pricing plans that cater to individuals, businesses and enterprises. 

Is Filemail safe?

We have been sending and sharing files since 2008. We have never been hacked. We have never had a data breach. We have frequent penetration tests performed by  cyber security professionals to make sure we have a robust and upto date security profile. We have a number of other things in place to safeguard your files, such as anti-virus scanning, end-to-end encryption, and the ability for you to password-protect your files. 

How can I send large files using Filemail?

1. Select The Files Or Folders You Want To Send 
You upload and attach files by either dragging and dropping them, or using the "Add Files" or "Add Folder" buttons. Similar to how you would attach a file to an email. 


2. Choose How To Transfer Files 
To send files via email, you need to submit the intended recipient’s email, as well as your own. Alternatively, you can choose to remain anonymous, and get a shareable link. 


3. Confirm Decision & Upload The Files 
Once you have provided the information, click on Send. To ensure fast transfer rates, we will upload the files to the nearest secure Filemail server near you.


4. Your Files Are Ready To Share 
Once we upload and host your files on our secure cloud storage service, we generate a link. We then send this link to the recipients you specified. Or you can share the download link however you want. 

How can I send large files via email?

Sending large files via email is easy with Filemail. Just upload your files to our secure cloud-based service and provide both your email address and the recipient's. Once the files are successfully uploaded, we promptly send the recipient an email with the download link, and instructions on how to access the files.

How can I send large files for free without limits?

Filemail allows you to send large files for free without requiring registration or any installations. With a paid account you get unrestricted file sharing capabilities, such as no limitations on the number of recipients, downloads, or bandwidth usage, depending on the plan.

How do I send large files securely?

All files passing through Filemail’s cloud are scanned for viruses and malware to safeguard the integrity of your files. Our system updates anti-virus definitions on a weekly basis. Additionally, all files transmitted through Filemail are encrypted using TLS-1.2 (AES-256), providing robust protection against interception by unauthorized parties. The generated download link, which leads to your files, is designed to be highly secure and virtually impossible to guess. For added security, you have the option to password-protect your files. Furthermore, our servers are owned by us, and physically monitored around the clock by on-premise security personnel.

Still have unanswered questions? Get in touch, or check out our FAQ.

Join millions of people who share and collaborate using Filemail. We offer native secure file-sharing apps for all the major platforms. You can send and receive large files of any size, any format, be it videos, documents, images, whatever. Transfer files effortlessly via email or shareable links, whether on free or paid plans.
Company
About us
Awards
Help center
Resources
Blog
File sharing
Large file transfer
Send large files free
Send large videos
Affiliate program
File Transfer Glossary
Trust Center
Plans
Basic
Personal
Pro
Business
Enterprise MFT
Price plan comparison
Industries
Audio
Finance
Healthcare-Medical
Legal
Apps
Android
API
Desktop
iPhone
Outlook
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
GDPR
Filemail Compared
File sharing sites compared
MFT software compared
WeTransfer alternative
TransferNow alternative
DropBox alternative
Massive.io alternative
© 2008 - 2025 Security Privacy | Terms © Filemail Inc.
English