School Websites, Communications & Enrollment Platform | Finalsite Skip To Main Content Finalsite What We Do TAKE A SELF-GUIDED TOUR Explore Finalsite's CMS Yourself! Learn how Finalsite's Composer will save you time and improve your school's online presence. REQUEST A TOUR School Websites *New* AI Chatbot (opens in new window/tab) Communication Tools Mobile Apps Enrollment Management Marketing Services Who We Serve TAKE A SELF-GUIDED TOUR See Finalsite's Mass Notifications Yourself! Discover how easy it is to reach everyone, everywhere, all from one place with Finalsite's Messages XR. REQUEST A TOUR School Districts Independent Schools International Schools Charter Schools Catholic Schools Recent Sign Ons (opens in new window/tab) Who We Are FREE REVIEW Get expert feedback on your school's online admissions experience. Get a free, graded report on the quality of your online admissions experience! REQUEST YOUR FREE REVIEW About Us Jobs at Finalsite Meet the Team Support & Client Success Partner Network Contact Us Learning Resources NEW RESOURCE The 2025 District Communications Report Finalsite’s exclusive report explores the insights, strategies, and goals of communication leaders from more than 200 US districts and schools. GET YOUR FREE COPY The Blog eBooks & Guides Free Courses Training Client Stories Webinars (opens in new window/tab) Events Community Groups Search Client Portal (opens in new window/tab) Get Started Search Clear Search Popular Search Terms The Blog AI Chatbot Design Portfolio eBooks, Guides & More Free Online Courses Events Get Started Free Website Report Card Free School Communications Audit Learning Center Blog eBooks & Guides Free Online Courses Training Events Finalsite What We Do TAKE A SELF-GUIDED TOUR Explore Finalsite's CMS Yourself! Learn how Finalsite's Composer will save you time and improve your school's online presence. REQUEST A TOUR School Websites *New* AI Chatbot (opens in new window/tab) Communication Tools Mobile Apps Enrollment Management Marketing Services Who We Serve TAKE A SELF-GUIDED TOUR See Finalsite's Mass Notifications Yourself! Discover how easy it is to reach everyone, everywhere, all from one place with Finalsite's Messages XR. REQUEST A TOUR School Districts Independent Schools International Schools Charter Schools Catholic Schools Recent Sign Ons (opens in new window/tab) Who We Are FREE REVIEW Get expert feedback on your school's online admissions experience. Get a free, graded report on the quality of your online admissions experience! REQUEST YOUR FREE REVIEW About Us Jobs at Finalsite Meet the Team Support & Client Success Partner Network Contact Us Learning Resources NEW RESOURCE The 2025 District Communications Report Finalsite’s exclusive report explores the insights, strategies, and goals of communication leaders from more than 200 US districts and schools. GET YOUR FREE COPY The Blog eBooks & Guides Free Courses Training Client Stories Webinars (opens in new window/tab) Events Community Groups Search Client Portal (opens in new window/tab) Get Started Search Clear Search Quick Links Jobs at Finalsite Design Portfolio Blog What Does a Website Cost? Free Website Report Card How Can I Market My School Better? Home Better tools. Stronger schools. Everything you need to build trust, strengthen community, and grow enrollment. GET STARTED SCHOOL MARKETING DAY You just missed the biggest virtual event for schools, but don't worry... You can still register for free and access the recordings! ALL-ACCESS PASS Trusted by schools for more than 25 years Every interaction shapes the school experience. Websites Communications Mobile Apps Enrollment Marketing Services Websites Websites Award-winning website design, content management, and AI chat Get Inspired Communications Communications Mass notifications, newsletters, real-time chat, and email automation Learn More Mobile Apps Mobile Apps School branded with integrated website content Take a Look Enrollment Enrollment Admissions, enrollment, and tuition billing management Start Exploring Marketing Services Marketing Services Marketing strategy, digital advertising, and SEO Find Your Solution Explore the Platform SCHOOL WEBSITES Your school's stories, told well. Build school pride, grow community support, and drive student success. Metro Nashville Public Schools Tennessee's Metro Nashville Public Schools serves over 81,000 students with a bold, accessible website designed to connect families, showcase schools, and support its student-centered mission. Metro Nashville Public Schools' site matches the scale and energy of a district serving over 81,000 students. With bold visuals, intuitive navigation, and audience-focused content, the site makes it easy to explore schools, access resources, and stay connected. It's a modern, welcoming platform that reflects MNPS’s mission to know, support, and value every student. EXPLORE DESIGN Newark Academy A co-ed independent day school for grades 6-12 in Livingston, NJ. Its motto, “Ad Lumen” – or “toward the light” – empowers students to pursue their passions. A powerful collection of features tells the story of Newark’s pursuit of passions, all of which are “powered by relationships.” Full-width cards feature animated bursts of color, and custom image slideshows, stylized tabs, buttons, and accordions bring to life an experience driven by connections with faculty and the interests of the students. EXPLORE DESIGN Singapore American School Singapore American School is a vibrant international community where students soar with purpose and embrace excellence, innovation, and endless opportunities Singapore American School’s site captures the energy and excellence of its community. With animated visuals, dynamic storytelling, and vibrant design, the site reflects “The Eagle Way” in every detail. Clear calls to action, interactive features, and AI-powered website assistance with ASK AI makes the experience engaging and accessible. EXPLORE DESIGN Germantown Municipal School District A family-oriented suburb just outside Memphis, TN, GMSD is home to seven schools, serving a diverse student population of nearly 6,000. A fresh and engaging experience with a horizontal scroll of images and current news headlines that highlight the district's achievements and events. Vertical panels emphasize the district's key priorities, and "Germantown Stories" provides a personal touch with videos spotlighting students and staff. EXPLORE DESIGN Canterbury School An independent, college preparatory, co-ed boarding and day school in Connecticut. Each scroll reveals the joy and engagement of students, showcasing the lively and connected atmosphere of boarding life at this independent school. With full-panel videos, impactful testimonials, and an engaging user experience, each click goes deeper into the inspiring stories of students, the connected community, and the powerful mission of the school. EXPLORE DESIGN St. Dunstan's College Located in South East London, St. Dunstan’s College is an independent school with over 130 years of history—now represented through a modern, story-driven website that highlights community, character, and innovation. St. Dunstan’s College’s site reflects the school’s blend of tradition and innovation, with dynamic visuals, intuitive navigation, and strong storytelling. From student voices and standout programs to its deep roots in South East London, the site is thoughtful and engaging at every turn—a modern experience that captures the heart of a school proudly “like no other.” EXPLORE DESIGN Iowa City Community School District Serving students across 45+ schools, ICCSD is a vibrant, student-centered community focused on excellence, equity, and preparing graduates for lifelong success. ICCSD’s site is full of energy and easy to explore. Script fonts, creative backgrounds, and strong visuals highlight the district’s spirit. With mobile-friendly navigation, social integration, testimonials, and custom tab styles, families can quickly access what they need. Cohesive branding across all schools ties everything together, delivering a welcoming and organized experience from district to classroom. EXPLORE DESIGN International Community School of Addis Ababa A mission-driven, history-rich international school community in Ethiopia focused on wellness, global citizenship, and impactful learning experiences. Complete with interactive features, powerful video testimonials, user-friendly design, and beautiful colors that celebrate its culture, this site is a valuable resource for both current and prospective families wanting to learn more. EXPLORE DESIGN Baylor School A co-ed independent college preparatory boarding and day school for Grades 6 -12, in Chattanooga TN. Baylor's site is a journey — horizontal scrolls, split columns, and sliding panels take users on the adventure of what it's like to "Be Baylor" — inspired, curious, independent, challenged, and more. "Baylor Leads" is felt with every click and scroll— with campus highlights, branded colors, imagery, and graphics, the homepage captures students and faculty making the most of every moment on campus as a boarding or day student. Take a look; it's truly a site that feels purposeful as much as it looks beautiful. EXPLORE DESIGN The Western Academy of Beijing A top international school in China with 1,400 students and world-class facilities. Feedback from parents, staff, and students played a large role in WAB's site design. The school's innovative and student-centered approach provided easier access to calendars, consolidated information, and improved navigation so families can easily find resources, while the updated site experience reflects WAB’s current and future vision. EXPLORE DESIGN Eastside Catholic School Located in Sammamish, Washington, Eastside Catholic School is a faith-based, college-preparatory community where students grow as leaders. Eastside Catholic School’s site captures the heart of its community through bold design, strong messaging, and a focus on student life. Branded colors, inspiring video, and clear navigation highlight the school’s academic strength and Catholic values. With interactive tools and personalized content, the site invites families to explore what it means to belong— and thrive. EXPLORE DESIGN Bavarian International School An IB world school in Munich, Germany, with a student population representing over 61 nationalities. BIS gives bright colors their fair due, with a homepage full of all the RGB you could ask for — complete with a striking corporate logo, fresh content and new photography. The website was decorated with an Award of Excellence in the Communicator Awards for digital excellence. Get the full story! READ SUCCESS STORY Legacy Early College A public charter school in Greenville, South Carolina founded in 2009. Legacy Early College's innovative and purposeful school website has a bold and vibrant mobile-first design that is both beautiful and functional. The website has numerous features that drive admissions and family retention, including an interactive Health and Nutrition design panel that highlights a Legacy differentiator: a commitment to nutritional health for students and faculty. EXPLORE DESIGN Cor Jesu Academy A Catholic, college-preparatory school for young women in St. Louis, MO. Cor Jesu Academy's custom design appeals to parents and teenage girls alike  — a difficult feat, for sure! Animated graphics and bold colors bring the school's beaming Catholic community to life online. Plus, the school leverages Blackbaud's data integration with Finalsite to get the best of both worlds: great design and powerful data! EXPLORE DESIGN Gratz College The oldest independent and pluralistic college for Jewish studies in North America. Gratz College offers blended and fully-online degrees for students across the United States and internationally.  Looking to offer its school community an improved, interactive website experience, the college's custom-designed website includes a custom course catalog, filterable by program and semester, as well as data integration with Blackbaud's enrollment management system. Score! EXPLORE DESIGN < > AI CHATBOT Instant answers, stronger connections Make it easier than ever for visitors to find what they need with the most intelligent AI assistant for K-12 websites. EXPLORE ASK AI MASS COMMUNICATION TOOLS Engage your community With Finalsite's mass notification system , automated workflows , and built-in newsletters , you'll have all of your most important communications sent to your families, all from the same platform. EXPLORE COMMUNICATION TOOLS MOBILE APPS Reach your families anytime, anywhere Strengthen your school’s connection with families with a mobile app that provides a consolidated hub for parents to chat with teachers, receive important messages, and stay informed. EXPLORE THE MOBILE APP ENROLLMENT MANAGEMENT Crush your enrollment goals Recruit the right-fit families, learn and scale, and simplify billing and payment. EXPLORE FINALSITE ENROLLMENT MARKETING SERVICES Expand your reach with strategic marketing Gain the visibility your school deserves with data-driven insights, SEO, digital ads, and custom web design led by award-winning creatives. LEARN HOW FINALSITE STUDIO CAN HELP CLIENT STORIES Meet the schools who love working with Finalsite... Dr. Neil Gupta "As a superintendent, communicating our school district's story and sharing clear information is vital. I appreciate Finalsite for providing a vibrant and easy-to-create website to celebrate our students, inform our community and parents of upcoming events and activities, and transparently communicate information to everyone." DR. NEIL GUPTA, SUPERINTENDENT OAKWOOD CITY SCHOOL DISTRICT Kristen Sutek - Community Relations Manager “Finalsite has exceeded my expectations in every way. The personal attention and responsiveness of the staff, extensive training webinars, and quality of the Composer product are a winning combination to help non-technical people be successful. The platform has turned what used to be a tedious task into something that I look forward to instead.” KRISTEN SUTEK, COMMUNITY RELATIONS MANAGER PINE LAKE PREPARATORY Maureen Leming, Chief Marketing Officer “Great tools, but equally as important to me is that Finalsite provides access to great content related to best practices in our industry.” MAUREEN LEMING, CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER HUN SCHOOL OF PRINCETON Stephanie Chimanikire - Harrare International School “I've been using Finalsite Composer for three months and I am so grateful that every aspect has just been so easy to grasp. With a bit of training, an amazing client success manager, and timely and extremely helpful assistance from support, I can safely say Finalsite is a true gem.” STEPHANIE CHIMANIKIRE, COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER HARRARE INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL David Olson, Communications Manager “Finalsite's support team is the most helpful and responsive support team I've ever worked with specifically in the edtech space and potentially ever. They always go the extra mile to help answer my wild questions and asks.” DAVID OLSON, COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER GLENBROOK HIGH SCHOOL DISTRICT 225 Dan Depies - Chief Operating Officer - Open Sky Education “We looked to Finalsite as a partner to relaunch our websites across multiple states and school regions. The experience was tremendous! Our mission now comes to life through fresh content, images and videos, and parents and scholars now have the information they need at their fingertips.” DAN DEPIES, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER OPEN SKY EDUCATION Luciana Pölönen - Escola Concept “We chose Finalsite because of their excellent customer service and top-notch platform for international schools. We couldn't be more satisfied with our journey to success because of Finalsite.” LUCIANA PÖLÖNEN, HEAD OF SERVICE DESIGN ESCOLA CONCEPT Lorena Benavides - Communications & Public Relations - American School of Guatemala “Working with Finalsite has been a gamechanger for CAG, especially in communications, as our website has become a significant information hub for our community. The Finalsite team is incredibly supportive and gave us the necessary tools and guidance to redesign a website that provides our users with the best online experience.” LORENA BENAVIDES, COMMUNICATIONS & PUBLIC RELATIONS AMERICAN SCHOOL OF GUATEMALA Brian Walker - Director of Marketing and Publications - Cape Henry Collegiate “The team at Finalsite makes the process exciting, understandable, manageable, and fun. From day one, my project lead and designer listened to my ideas and any concerns and together we created a site that tells our story in a fresh and unique way, while remaining true to our branding.” BRIAN WALKER, DIRECTOR OF MARKETING AND PUBLICATIONS CAPE HENRY COLLEGIATE Jaya Java, Communications Manager “With Finalsite, we have the ability to make lightning-fast edits. The video explainers for each module are especially useful for onboarding new team members. And a big shout-out to the help desk team for their quick feedback and support!” JAYA JAVA, DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS ESOL EDUCATION < > Take a self-guided tour and explore Finalsite's CMS for yourself. Learn how Finalsite's easy-to-use software can help you meet your goals! REQUEST A TOUR See how Finalsite's EMS streamlines the enrollment process. Take a tour of Finalsite Enrollment and learn how easy it is to manage the entire enrollment process for you and your families! START YOUR TOUR! Take a behind-the-scenes look at Finalsite's mass notifications system. See how easy it is to reach everyone with Finalsite's mass notifications system. BEGIN YOUR TOUR GET IN TOUCH MARKETS PRODUCTS COMPANY POPULAR LINKS GET IN TOUCH Finalsite - US 655 Winding Brook Drive Glastonbury , CT 06033 | USA 1-800-592-2469 1-860-289-3507 Finalsite - UK United Kingdom (+44) 203 695 8181 MARKETS School Districts Independent Schools International Schools Charter Schools UK Independent Schools Higher Ed Catholic Local Government PRODUCTS Website CMS AI Chatbot Mobile Apps Mass Notifications Email Marketing Enrollment Management Integrations Marketing Services COMPANY About Us Jobs at Finalsite Meet the Team Meet Our Schools Support and Client Success Partner Network Security and Privacy Contact Us POPULAR LINKS The Blog AI Chatbot Design Portfolio eBooks, Guides & More Free Online Courses Events Get Started Free Website Report Card Free School Communications Audit © 2024 Finalsite - all rights reserved Privacy Policy Privacy Request Form (opens in new window/tab) Sitemap Linkedin (opens in new window/tab) Instagram (opens in new window/tab) Youtube (opens in new window/tab) Facebook (opens in new window/tab) Twitter (opens in new window/tab) Powered by Finalsite